A FORTNIGHTS TRAMP ON THE OTWAY COAST. CHAPTER III. That circumstances alter cas[?][?] had become very apparent to us, for it was matter for com ment with all—being jolly old buffers—that, after dining thus in the monntaina on the simplest of food,: in roogh and ready fashion, with anti, beellts,!&c.;, (or flavouring, instead of that tendency to drop off into a quiet dote, aa some of ua might have dona after dinner at home, nothing of • the-kind ever : suggested itself , now. /Indeed, no sooner had : 'our noble steed reinvigourated bimeelf bya Uttlerefreah ment.than everybody was ready to start, and so! we ate epos more-on the, track.- B.—— and that dayc are determined r to- bring their limbs into proximity - again’ by pedestriauism; accordingly off they got at arattUng pise, leaving B ■; Ned, ap.d his mate to bring along the horse and swag. The horse—good natured,' 'willing soul—came along fairly enough, considering the stupendous difficultipa that beset us at every turn, but the swag taxed onr patience and ingenuity at every turn, : for in spite of the most careful packing, one end or of tbs vexatious thing persisted in breaking loose, so that gs a last resource, ons led the horse, while the other two -followed to pick up the various' articles that objected to confine ment. A few miles farther on, the horse party overtake B —and W •, who,are found resting by the way, and discussing the nature of the route, there being a strong suspicion that we are not ' on the new track, but. the old, in which case Providence help us, for oqr case js desperate. That blessed lottey of instructions in . this predicament was, of course, found to be a dead letter. Certainly the nature of the gauntry tyas most perplex ing. AU tho more reason, one would naturally think, that our directions should havo been definite and unmistakable. As we. sit awhile, considering the various articles picked up by the way, and which bad'-fallen from the swag, are now sqhniittpd fop identification, each claiming those that belonged to him. Presently some white liUen shirt collars ate displayed, which for a moment seem likely to go un acknowledged by anyone, tilt at length W , with a guilty look, meekly observes, *' I think they must fte mine,” “ What j" yelled out the angelic }} ——, “ Collars 1 Te gods, is it possible jr Tbs atten tion of the whole party spas arrested by this sudden.and uaexpeated outburst, and all stood in silent amazement, with baited breath, won dering te know what it could mean. B——, who is small of stature, seemed literally to swell out to at least three times his ordinary proportions, aa he, darting a malig nant look 'st the orsatfajleu W— ~, epcjaitqed, “ Mean man. Was it not distinctly understood and expressly stipulated ere we started that i}o such articles of adornment were to be per mitted op this trip J and bore you are discovered stealing a march eu me. How could you do it | Have you not read, be sure your sin will find you out. Miserable man ] Ananias and Sapphire were honesty itself compared with thee,' 4-way ( yijo creature I Abjure these vanities and learu to keep thy vow,”: —— receives this terrible rebuke with moat be coming demeanour, while B stands pals with awe, conscience-stricken apd mute, for he also boa stowed away in his swag a few of those useful and improving articles. Bemem boring that silence is golden, be (R-^—) says nothing, hut determines either to secretly gpfc rid of the offending articles} or else'when ye reach civilisation propitiate the representative of offended' justice by a peace-offering in tho shape of one or two of the ornaments. At length the virtuously indignant B -, having been appeased by the explanation that thp linen circlets were only to be used in cases of emergency, and bad iperaly been inserted in the swag byway of. precaution, not knowing what might happen to us, ne proceeded on our way sadder and wiser men. We are off again, B ' and W—■ ■ in tho the! van, Ned, Cale donia, and B—, with the horse, following as before, scaling froigtrta ahoijt 1300 feet above sea level, diving down again to unknown depths, until it became rather monotonous hot the scenery, but the labour. At length a shout of joy is beard, and as ne listen, our hearts are gladdened by the. welcome sound, the sea I the sea! and sure enough, on reaching the next vantage point, there, away through the mountain tops, no discover a faint blue line upon the sky, which on befog closely acaqnpd becomes more definite. On we go again, with redoubled vigoqr, being doubtless inspired with the prospect of the end of that terrible day’s journey. We feel satisfied that not more than one or two npuqtafna more will have to bo crossed ere we “ dance ijpou the yellow gand;;” but, alas I when we have crossed the next twq, still another regrs ita horrid bead. Well, this must. certainly he ti} B lest, and so'we reach ita crown, but, oh, misery | the atytloqk is'ns little inviting as before. Day is now waning; visions of passing another and even leas refreshing night float before us. We are wet tbVoijgh with perspiration, so that fever and ague are' qlearjy 'our ’portion pro reach Apollo Bay. R—, fromasprainhia'anklp received early in the .day, has been in difficul ties for some time, but is gamely limping along, fear of passing “ another such a night" evidently.lending him the energy of despair. |t' liag hopu perfectly obviotjs for some boars past that rye are bp tho old or wrung track.' Still wo must now ' push on, for there is nothing else for it, no matter what difficulties lie before us. It will easily be understood that we were not now the lively youths of the morning. Ned, being strong and active, leads thg horse, and has hip york cijt out to Ifeeg fhp animal on its feet, his mates alternately piloting and keeping the pack from falling off the horse's hack, Night gradually eioaes iu upon us, aud ail is dark, save for the twinkling of tho stars. Still, “ there’s comfort yet," for we can hear the rqap of the ocean below, and feel some little consolation in the refieotiou that succour cannot be far o£r, for W —and B , whom for the past two hours we have not seen, must have arrived ere this, and will surely sand out searchers for us.. Suddenly the horse goes over what we deem a terrific precipice, almost dragging Ned after him; luckily, the bridle is dragged 1 fron} *4 9 E Kla Pi and horsp and baggage vanish in the darkness. ife'ioveriqg from the shock, wo explore and find that it is only n hollow wbloh tho action of the mountain waters has deepened some feet, and into which the horse had fallen. How to get him out in the darkness is the question. Dear, dear, what a pickle to be in J The track is Ipst, and the only evidence wa have that' we 'ara ip the right direction is, that we are certainly de scending towards the sea. But what is the nature of that descent, and hew is it to ba accomplished ? y/o succeed after a while in getting the horse out qf t]ia Utfle ravine, but wheie is the pack! Merciful powers," what a prospect j Passing a night upon a mountain under such circumstances, facing tho ocean, whence came a nipping. wind, was eurely enough to make the stoutest heart nuaii. Our blankets, for aught feet beioy us, and not likely to be searched" fqr’ alter tlje ujorn ing’s experience of descending 'those fearful mazes for water. Ourselves, already chilling with the action of the night air upon our wet plqtijes, gasping with thirst, but with nothing fu our billies, | fjaya be of the land ’o cakes,' fit's nae use, we'll just bae to camp oot a.’ the nicht," Well there 1 is nothing slsofor jt. iVho has the matches? for we must havp a 4re. B—-r, not being 4 smoker, is of course unable W providf; Ijed, who had a peculiar way of showing bis proficiency as a smoker by using up about a box of matches to each pipe, bad for some time past been wifhojjt £ pnpply. Our weighty friend has a 'fey in b|s 'wafstgouji pocket; but, alas! p»per, boy, *nd matches qre foifqd Vhß °BP pulpy muss, owing to' excessive perspiration, the inevitable outcome of a hard day's journey; hence net one of the dilapidated yestes will ignite, and we have a piese of candle ready, Sayaß——, "There are so mo little brass boxes of matches in my wallet, it we oenld only find it; but who is brave enough', to attempt the descent in the profound darkness ?" It is our only- chance; so here goes. Cautiously pushing aside ferns and wattles, jnd carefully treading for fear of snakes,, the attempt is made, and .success crowns our efforts, fop t}m rglising pick - is discovered safely lodged against a {faned tree bejojy not mors than half s' ddaan yards away. The valuable wallet containing our, hopes is found «tj)l attached to the pack by its leathern strap. A light haying been flJjtajßscl we proceed to gather up the fragments of the bursted •wag, and are now under all the circumstances beginning tp fee} reconciled to pur rather hard fortune, (dr at feast we can have a reaping lire, and need-.‘not fear another night out; but oh) what would we’not give for a drop of water! . Hark 1 what sound was that ? . Surely it was a ' human voice.: No—yea l —listen—look—ia that a light flashing just below us ? .Oh joy 1 A voice is heard exclaiming," Here they are," and so ws gape upon each other in speechless thankfulness, for we know that we're vayod— we’re saved!. Two young men carrying lights hoy emerge from below, and inform ns that B—— and W have arrived at their father's dwelling, Md having stated that three others wen folio win jyxnd.. prpbabip loib,T : they, the joang-imAn; -had ’com*; forth In quest .-.of. nj,and,l»tu« hope, had tbareby'wverted the necasritypf an (inqneat.; Wt are invited to de«Mnii, but-Qillie-Callain lean the hone' ii icjared already, and ia hdt iaolined to badge, as he and Ked purpose returning bn' the morrow, and the hone mbit be ! cared; for; moreovet : the -way'down seems pracipitoba and; dangerous. The young men. assure ns that we are quite safe under theirguidance. as ■ they, are:perfectly; familiar ‘with the whole locality.'. B— lamentable inability to move .another step,, bis ancle being; exceeding pain ful andawolleo. All anxiously enquire how much. further Jwe bare to go, 1 and 1 are, com pletely' staggered when we areinformed about .two, hundred- yards. The absurdity' of ing out in oar - dilapidated' condition with ' i house within sstoDeVthrow wiu too 1 apparent, so without, another word we' silently 1 descend into the blackness of darkness, the roar of the ocean) hitherto muffled, suddenly bursting upon do as we emerge from the forest. A moment we stand on the browof the laat decllvity. down which B —- is fain to slide, with 'assistance,' in a 1 somewhat undignified, manner,’ and at the vary foot. of.'.tho mountain, where the Wild Peg .Ornek -opens' its mouth to the sea, standi the abode of Mr J——where ■ cheer ful welcome awaits us, ohaerfnl In every sense of the word, for the faces are smiling and sym pathetic; the fire (a bush-fire bn a email scale), is_ brightly burning, and makes you keep your distance; and the table is well covered with substantial fare; while Ura J.and her two comely daughters are fitting hither and thither, smiling aoc| chatting, and ministering to bur wants. ' First we hare a long, a very long, drink; next; a short pdnvcrsgtiop inthc way of question ; and answer; then It—whose tgngge ;s nimble, though bis' sprained ankle baa for the nonce impaired his' bodily activity, commences to bitterly upbraid B—— and' W —~— on their 1 contemptible meanness in running away and leaving him; a poor cripple, to get along as best he coold with strangers Who bad tljelr work gut put to bring along the hone and swag, and; worst of all, to carry off with them the cold tea remaining from our mid-day : meal, that leaving the ' poor laggera - without a drop to drink from 1 3 o'clock in'-,the afternoon till 9 o'clock at night.' Neither B --- ; nor If —-r Ijeipjj defjpient in lapgpage or musical power, of a' kind, ' now ’ open out upon R—in a magnificent duet, pre sumebly appropriate to Apollo, charging him' (not Apollo, but R ) with the basest ingrati tude, for they declared they had hurried on at a breakneck pace in the hope of reaclung the settlement before dark and sending succour to the lost tribe. “ And this," said they, “ia our thanks;” but, cootinuetbey, with diegtlq, ' 'Til ao matter. Let Hercules do what he may. T ho cat will mew tad dog will have hla day. Troubles are eoon forgotten, and after a good feed all |s mifth aqd jollity. The (jute soon , silences all tongues. sprained ankle ia duly parboiled in a bucket of hot water, our night-caps are banded round, and we retire to our virtuous- couches. B—~’s dread of company impels him to a repetition of the previous night's performance with the pepper-box, and we are, to the lullaby of the ocean, eoon lost in sleep— The Innocent sleep, . Sate labour’s bath, Great natnre'e eaeond course, Cblelnouri-her in life’s least. 