TUMUT NEWS. [from oub correspondent.] On Wednesday evening last a committoe meet ing of the Tumut Agricultural and Pastoral Association was held at Mr. B, M'Kay's Bee hive Hotel. Mr. B. G. Brown,' the president, occupied tho chair. It was decided to hold the annual show on March,' tho 23rd next, viz., the day before tho Baoes. Judges wore nominated in tho different sections, and the secretary in structed to write to the respective gentlemen named to request thom to 'act. The prize sohedulo was prepared and ordered to be printed, and circulated- for publio information'. ' 'JEhe society 'has again to contend with an adverse season,' but thore is time enough— if these who havo its interest at heart only bestir thomsolves and endeavour to raise a little enthusiasm among their follow residents — for the coming exhibition to be made a considerable improve ment upon the last. As certain membersj.are dilatory in paying-up their annual'subscription, the secretary was instructed to write to all euoh requesting thom to pay up without tlelay. ; On Friday afternoon the ~ Bub-commit£aV appointed at tbe meeting of the Tumut Turf Club assembled at the Woolnack Hotel.- and drew out n very liberal prognimmo for the noit annual races. The same -was submitted . to a meoting of stewards and members in {he -even- ing, and - duly approved and. ordered -.to be printed-'c U. -iteLv-fe. 2UXS ? On FridayuAfjjeRKMm,. .^Mr.Ql9Epi?.iy jj£$mp was drawing np his horse; team under the. shadow of a large troe.noar the . brick, kili^s. jftg:,tho reoroation groupd, bis son called'his attention to a whirlwind.coming.. Fortunately 'Mr. Kemp saw it and was able to keep out of its traok, for in a few minutes it caught the massive, bee, and twisted off a limb os large as an ordina^yf^eeje trunk, whioh fell, . crashing .to tho earth whero Mr. Eemp was acoustomod to camp his team. The eamo whirling current of Sir, crossing the course, ascended the.hill at the foot of Herbert street and caught the gable end of Mark Suttonfa dwelling, and played havoc with its roof. Had it struck the building with its full force; there would now have been one house less in Tumut. When I mention that this singular qiirrent carried high in air etioka as thick as a - man's wrist, it will be seen that it was an old' inan whirlwind. ' .' '\ ?» The Wagga Wagga Express on Thursday last reported an acoident which, I am sorry to say, befel Mr. William- Bax, master of the: Tumut publio Bohool. It seems that Mr. Bax.' was t'irown from his horso whilo out kangarooing in tiio neighbourhood of Wagga, ''aid. thereby fruotured his arm. I nm glad to Bay Mr. Bax has recovered from the-misbap,-and waa'tible to drive home to Tumut on Saturday last. Tho publio sohool re-opened on Monday last. The denominational sohool also commenced duties on tho same day. . Immense bush-fires were burning on Sunday lost to the south-west of the town. These fires have been burning teventl weeks,' and have overcome all the efforts whioh have been made to extinguish them. A: resident of Wereber . holders, who was at church on Sunday morning, ' and awaiting, with his family, the christening of his eighth little one, had to leavo abruptly to ? attend to a portion of the fire whioh threatened his paddocks. The fire at present is creeping ' down npon the town by way of tho low hills . bounding MoFarlane's creok. Bain is urgently \- needed, the parched appearance of our sur ' roundinga is quite alarming. ? On Thursday Mr. E. G. Brown sold by auotion the right of Tattersall's for the next 12 months. Mr. N. L. Potter, of the Woolpaok, purchased it for the sum of £12 5s. Mr. B. McKay obtained the rights connected with the T. apd A. F. Association for £S 6s. This evening (Tuesday) the publio meeting of town oommoners, and all interested in the ques tion of commonage, takes place at the Beehive rooms. I understand residents are about to petition the Governor to appoint a sheep camping re- - serve at the Gilmore. 