J News and Notes. ( St. Geoeoe's Hall.— Friday eve- / ning next is announced to be a grand \ " Leo " Conundrum Night at the above ( hall, in connection with the Fakir of J Oolu's performances. Anyone is at \ liberty to send in original conundrums ( on that occasion, the person who sends ) the best con, to receive a handsome \ oleograph picture, in frame. There is ( also to he a prize for the worst one. / Mr W. R, Furlong notifies that S he has removed his mmsic studio to ( those handsome premises situate near / Russell-street in Latiohe-street, where ) there is a large hall and every con- f venience -for students of the vocal / art. _ ' ) American Waltham Watches f were awarded the Only Two: First ) Prizes at the Melbourne International \ Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher awards than any other Exhibitor of I Watches received. ) The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; . Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled ' Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, ) opposite Waxworks, v We feel it our duty to call attention to the New Davis Vertical Feed ) Sewing Machine, which has carried v off the only first prize at the Mel bourne International Exhibition. ) Some of the competitors, however, v were not satisfied with the awards, and protested. The Experts, how- l PVOV. nrVhiilr? t.ViA orirl miita , the first prize for their Family Ma- ' chine and the same for Hand. Messrs ) W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth . street, are the sole agents, and in- ' tending purchasers and those interest- ) ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines. We have received from Mr P. G. I Dixon samples of sodawater " made i from water specially brought' from Mount Macedon. The sodawater is excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- cernable in sodawater Or other cordials made from the filthy Van Yean. We have also received, from Mr Dixon a sample of the Mount Macedon water, ' which it is quite a treat to drink, after having for some time to put up with the beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Portraits. —The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has ; since been identified through a gem portrait being found .amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio,. Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the . .portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Fiiide, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It should prdye a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising column i that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at tho same depot. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people ,t© marry as the present. ;A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? Go and see Mr H, Marks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— We would direct the attention of our readers, to the valuable pr'zes offered by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 31st inst, The published list of gentlemen who have kindly i consented to superintend the drawing is a sufficient guarantee to the public that everything will be carried out on the great Masonic Principle — "on the square." To tlioBC who believe in the old proverb — Nothing venture no thing have — should lose no time in securing their tickets, whieli may be had at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-strcot east, Mr Burbank, Dentist, 99 Swanston- s treat, has received by the American Moil, some useful and superior de signs for the manufacture of Artificial Teeth. Patients need no extractions, and can wear Artificial Teeth without t he inconvenience of fastenings. We have reoeived a copy of a new pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine I for Fathers of Families, ar everyone , his ov/n and Children's Doctor. It ' emanates from Florence, Italy, where ( Profassor Girolamo Pagliano has > written the book to relieve the human V race, and instruct the people in prac- f tical medicine. With his Pagliano J Herbal Syrup lie treats the blood, and V so aims at the root of disease. A f number of testimonials are given from J sufferers who have benefitted by this > remedy. This truly marvellous medi- I cine can be had from Mr Evacs, j Chemist, Evans' Medical Hall, 92 > Stephen-street, Mr Evans has im- ( ported the medioine direct from Pro- J lessor . Girolamo Pagliano's establish- S ment, Florence. The books of in- r struction aro published in English, at J the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the \ only ones imparted here in that lan- r guage — Price with pamphlet 5s. or J stamps by letter, address D. Evans, \ Evans' Medical Hall, Stephen-street, ( Mr Evans has received an Invoice of ) No 1 Triesmar (by royal ler.ters patent Q of England). This celebrated Medi- / cine is in the form of a Lozenge, and ) as a sovereign Remedy for all Ner- ( vous Disorders has proved a great / success. j 