EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS. (beuters telegrams.) London, March 10. In the. House of Commons this evening Mr Gladstone, in replying to a question regarding tlie present state of affairs in the Transvaal, said that no ierms of settlement had yet been arranged between Sir Evelyn Wood and the Boers leader. Ko added that communications were still being exchanged and the armistice would, if necessary, be prolonged, in order to give the Boers sufficient lime to consider the British demands. Air Parnell this evening, in a speech on Irish mi airs, in which he severely con demned trie Coercion Bill,' alluded to the necessary drastic reform of the Irish laud laws. He exhorted the Irish voters to oppose the Liberal Government, as they had shown themselves to be the enemies of Ireland. London, Alarch 11. The p&lice; yesterday succeeded in seiz ing a quantity of arms in County Cork, where a very unsettled state of feeling still , prevails, among the people. The arms, which consisted of a hundred pikes, were found in a village named Rasturk, situated eleven miles from Bullivant. ' Natal, Alarch 10. Negotiations with the Basuto leaders having7 if ailed, and the armistice having expired, active operations have been re sumed, and some fighting has already taken place but not of a decisive character. The State-school Gates. — Members of the Beechworth United Shire Council and of the School Board of Advice held a joint sitting in the Council Chambers on Friday, when it was decided that the board offer no objection to the council closing the present entrance through the botanical reserve to the State-school, as proposed ; but that a substituted gate be erected in connection with the . school reserve facing the Sydney-road. WahgunyXh AIems. — Our correspon dent writes: — It is very sad to find that in such a small population we should have such dastards ; but it is evident that there was a deliberate case of setting fire to some out-buildings at the uninhabited brick cottage, the property of Air Baldock. The fire took place late on Thursday night or early on Friday morning. On going to view the remains this morning (Friday), it is quite evident that the ouB buildings had been set fire on purpose. The incendiaries had been at the trouble to fetch some of the grass used at the brickyards. Hie fire caught the adjoining fence, and spread into Arnoldi's garden, burning up close to an old bark building used for a joiner's shop. If the fire had gone much further, the shop must have been consumed, and no doubt the private house likewise- It would have been a sad lass for Avnoldi. for he has just sold the property to Mrs Douglas, of Ruther glen, so report says. On or about the same time another attempt at setting fire to the old brewery was made, grass from the brickyard being again used. It is thought that this was done so as to give the Corowa brigade a useless trip over the river. On two occasions previously they have most energetically shown their willingness to help those in distress, and it is a wanton and cowardly act to bo guilty of such larks ; and it is to be hoped that the guilty parties will be found out, and receive the punishment they so de servedly merit. Mrs Kennedy who has been in charge of the post and telegraph office hei'e, is leaving this week. She has been removed at lu-r own request, and is to be placed on the relief department. We sincerely trust; that she will find the change to her benefit in every way. The short time she has been here she has ren dered herself most agreeable in both her public and private life ; and some, I am sure, will regret her wish to change. On the (ith insr,. 5075 sheep crossed the Aim-ray at Wahgunvali, from Coreon. The sheep were the property of Mr I. S. Parfitt and Mr J. Evans, of Wangaratta. 1259 bags of wheat crossed this week. A Brutal Attack — On Thursday night, while the employes of Cole's Circus Company were engaged in striking the tents, prior to their departure from Beechworth. a dispute arose between two of them, which culminated in one striking the other (a man named John Sullivan) a blow with a heavy iron tent-pin over the head, indicting a serious scalp wound. Tho injured man — who fortunately put up his arm to ward eff the blow, and thereby broke its force, which was shown by a large swollen bruise on the forearm — was conveyed to the Ovens District Hospital, and his injuries attended to by Dr Dobbyn, and he was on Friday night in a fair way towards recovery. His assailant- evaded arrest at the hands of the police, and up to Friday 'night had not been secured ; the last heard of him being that he was making for Albury. Hedi AIems. — The bush-fire that broke out on Thursday, the 3rd inst., near the township of Hedi, has (writes our corres pondent) been very destructive in its. effects. With little abatement of its pro gress, by the slight fall of rain, it has con tinued burning until the present (Thurs day, the 10th inst.). The origin of the fire was a farmer setting fire to some stubble. The flames got the better of him,. and ex tended to the Hedi station, where the woolshed was with difficulty saved. Messrs Robinson, Newton, Dowey, Burke Shackl'and, M'Kenzie, and Warby have had all their grass burned, and several homesteads had narrow escapes from that most excellent servant of man, but most tyrannous master — fire. Air Aloser has had fencing burned that will take him £140 to replace. Others of those named have had various lengths of fencing des troyed. This fire has of course cleared away much rubbish, and the new grasses that, after rainfall, will spring up will be sweet. Although the new crop may acour the stock, the alterative will ultiir.atel- benefit them. Great care should be taken in having hands sufficient to prevent fire from spreading,, when farmers determine to burn stubble. On Tuesday we had a storm of dust and wind, and after- it had passed away a few showers fell, but not sufficient to extinguish the fires which again broke out, and destroyed all the grass in the vicinage of" Hedi township. Mere rain is wanted by the tobacco- growers and by the farmers-, to enable the latter to commence ploughing. Clouds still hang about the ranges, but ihe wind is so high and cold, that experienced men say that there will be no rain this moon. I have no faith tin the lady moon's influence on the weather. In Queensland for three years there was rain some GO miles from where I residedfevery year, and not a drop fell near ns. Yet the moon went through all her monthly phases, visible to us, as well as to the favored ones. From 1500 stations where the observerschronicle- the changes of the weather, and other atmospheric phenomena, it has "been proved that the changes from drought to rain occur at all periods of the moon's phases, in her monthly orbit. Hence, as well as from my own observations, I do not credit the moon with power over the rainfall. Propinquitity to oceans, seas, ! lakes, rivers, or swamps, with dense j vegetation and ranges to stop the clouds with moisture laden are, I humbly think, to he credited with droughts and rains. Let each man hold his own opinion on this, as on all j other subjects, until facts, which are j stubborn things, convince liim of the orroneoiisuess of tis views. The weather is now delightfully cool, but dry, I and a change is much to be desired. j Insolvency. — In the Insolvent Court, ! Alelbourne, on the 4th inst. , an adjourned i examination sittings was held in the estate j of John B. Alay, late of Bright, publican and storekeeper. Air Phillips appeared i for the trustee. The 'insolvent since the j last examination had filed an account in | pursuance- of ail order made by the Court, j but the accounts were not held sufficient, I and the order was renewed. The i.u- j solvent was also ordered to file a new I schedule. j A Black Tracker in Gaol. — One of j tho black trackers who took part in the I Kelly Glenrowan tragedy, is in Townsvillo ! gaol for murdering his wife. Rutherglen A'Iems — MeaSlS Mk. "jlk n | and Kenffell crushed 29 tons of quartz irom | their claim situated m the vienntv oi f lu- Pipeclay Reef, which yielded 57 oiino-.n smelted gold. Alessrs Malier. Lord mul Co. have got about 30 tons of quartz, which" jjis now about being crushed. Ihevl expect a yield of 2 ounces per ton. l ii - above crushing took place at Messrs I Harris and ' Hollow s machine. > vat ! Eastern Reef. On Monday evening the i weather was extremely hot and sutcrv i About 4 o'clock on Tuesday morning a i violent storm of wind, accompanied nv heavy thunder and vivid lightning ! passed over the town, but no rain f.-M ! to speak of. Since the storm their has b-mi i a very perceptible change m tlie atmus- i phere, the weather being quite cool- and ! more like winter than summer- Th<\- i quantity of graiii forwarded from the i Rutherglen railway station for the week ! ending Thursday 10th Alarch was 578 bags, i 139 cases of fruit were also forwarded. ! Albury AIems. — Our correspondent on Friday writes : — The Earl and Countess of Ellesmere, son-iii-law and daughter of the Governor of Victoria, passed through Albury during the week, also some members of the Esterhazey family, tra velling incognito. Sir Patrick Jennings, Dr Renwick and Mr R. B. Smith, Com missioners of the Exhibition, also passoc through. Air Elsdon, the Engineer in- Chief of the Victorian Railways, is al.su on a visit to Albury, for the purpose of selecting a site for the connection of tlie two railways. The Church of England picnic will take place on Easter AlunJay at Tabletpp Station, through the kind permission of Air James' Mitchell Trains : will take the picnic party to Tablet;' -p. The St. Patricks Day Sports Intidiv/-' ; have been filled up, with no less than I 18 enti ie3 for the Handicap Foot- > race. The booths and stands were s.dj ; on Wednesday, and realised nearlv £59.1 Trains will take people to and frm the j racecourse, with entrance to the sports, for j 2s. A bit of sliarp practice was indulged j in by an ex-publican last week to obtain | possession of the Old Criterion Hotel, i which has been empty for some time, j Some correspondence had taken place i between himself and the agents, hut not j enough to warrant him in taking p .s. session of the hotel. He applied to ihe lar.,» occupier for the keys, and was r-jftised However, he obtained possession by getting through tlie window, and got his furniture in and papered three rooms, when the late tenant heard of hi.-> illegal possession, and called in th 7 aid of tli police, who ejected r lie would -lie landlord and his furniture. The agents or owners of this property who, I think, reside in Beechworth, ought to be very much obliged to the person in question for improving their proportj7. Albury I'oi.ioe Court. — O11 Friday, before the R. AI., and Air AIcLeniuin, J. P., James Hums was sentenced to one week in Alleiry Gaol for indecent ex posure. Edwin Davidson was lined 5s, or 24 hours, for drunkenness. Ernest Jacobi sued Richard Guest for the illegal de tention of a set of harness valued at 39s. Mr Emerson for plaintiff , Air Nagle for defendant. This was a case in which plaintiff bought the harness at a sale, and made some arrangement for its transfer to Air Guest, and afterwards lent the harness to Air Guest, who had not carried on the arrangement entered into, or returned the borrowed harness, and plaintiff Mow sued for it. Several witnesses were ex amined for aud against, ami the res peclive counsels having addressed the Bench., their Worships considered that plaintiff was the bonu- ndc owner of the harness, and ordered its restitution- to plaintiff'. Their Worships said they had no power to award costs. Alaria Ah S-liing. alias Alaria Dyer, was summoned for being a disorderly person, but did not appear. Service of summons was proved by Constable Stanwix, and a warrant was ordered to issue. The court ad journed. Albury Wardens Court. — On Friday, before Air Warden Alaunsell, the following case was heard : — Dnchatel v Moody. Mr Thorold for plaintiff ; Air Black-more for defendant. This was a claim for £58 4s Lid, made by the Albi m Gold-mining. Company agaiust Air Moody, the treasurer of the company. £IG 4s lid had been paid into court, leaving the balance of £41 10s, to which Air Black more, for defendant, confessed. A verdict was then given for £4.1. 10s over and above the amount paid into court, with £4 4s professional costs, and £l 7s witnesses" costs. The Regent Explosion at the Heads. the coronial enquiry into the cause of the death of two members of the Cerberus crew who met with such a terrible fate by the premature explosion of a torpedo 011 Saturday last was concluded 011 Thursdav : the verdict of the jury being that there was not sufficient evidence to show how the explosion was caused. Cricket. — A. match for the District Challenge Cup will be played at Beech worth to-day (Saturday) between- repre sentative teams from the local and Wan- aiiigong Cricket Clubs. The Beechworth contingent are — Goldsworthy, Ryan, Warton, Barbour, Brett, " Jones, Perry, Smith, Dobbyn, Aloore and Burke ; emergency, Whitehead and H. Arundel. The visiting team include — Coxon, Elmer, Parkhill, Skinner, Aladdison, Jones, Car- lyle, AlcPhee, Kaighin, Thomas, and Forbes. Acquitted. — At the Wangaratta Gene ral Sessions held on Friday, Patrick Walsh, police constable, charged with larceny from the Yietoria Hotel, Wan- garatia, was acquitted ; the jury deeming the evidence insufficient to support the charge, and intimated through the Bench to accused that he left the court without a stair, upon his character. Ea.ster Sport:-.-. — In another column Mr H. Vandeuberg advertises the nro. gramme of the annual sports to be held at Everton cn Easter Alonday, ISth nrox. School Buildings.— In the Assembly or> Thursday Alajor Smith, in reply7 to All- Graves, said that when .- the school iH- speeter reported rlmt there were sufficient children in a district -to warrant a school being erected, the department, would accept a building which might be erected by the residents as a school, and pay a reasonable rent for it. "The Australian News." — We have to acknowledge the receipt of " The Illustrated Australian News" for the 12th inst The number is a most interesting one, containing as it does the following illustrations, which one and all reflect great credit upon tho artist ami engraver, the various details of the several woodcuts being well aud -dearly brought out : The Germ-Tils torpedo accident off Queenscliff — a boat's crew blown up : scenes in con nection with the Botanic Gardens, Melbourne ; the uew bridge over the Yarraat Jwan-streer, Richmond : Arthur's Pass, N.Z. ; St. Valentine's Day in the General Post-office': stranding of the Hereford — lowing ihe ship oft" the Inglesby Reef : Melbourne Annual Remitra — the Footserav Eight winning the Olarke Cup ; " 'The A st Track" — by the late 8. T. Gill ; humorous sketches of scenes connected with a coumry rifle match: and "The Win iiiambool potato harvest. '. ' Ra-sed. — vVe are olcased to notice -.Mint it tlie hebruarv t<" rm tix- aiuiisiK-ii 11. connection witii me Alelbourne Universe-, Master Frank r. Brett, of E> -echwcrtii. ml a c c I ck l 1 o i" I 1 th 1 1 1 ( Dickson, solicitors, passed in die follo-e i nig subjects : — History, or ne Bri'ish L uint to. bare T. : and im.w ,.i niilig ipon ; Master Erefci. was coac-iea > r 1 til'- r-a- mcr subiecc by Mr J. uoi-is -. -.rthv .-pi-in- C!||;U of t in: . >ccc.l w an : h Gram mar cieii'.oi Gone Astray. — We are trom tim-- u 'line -in rcceior, ot miuuauon irom sub scribers in ounvmg parts ot tim distncf- t.nsit their copies or tins journ il occasion ally are not received; au-l such complaints, strange to say, invariably reach 11s when the contents of i he paper ar of. special interest. We oannout account for such mishaps, as the forwarding of each publication from this offi - .- is a mar tor which receives most careful attention ; and while not. for .ine mom -tit wishing to cast blame upon anyone iu particular, we would request those euferu-fcnd with the transmission to he extremely careful in attending 00 so iiiV'ortanfc a natter. On j Thursday t.nr agent at Yaekaudamlah | complained that be had not up to tin i rime received his usual parcel of Tuesday issue ot " The Ovens and Alurray i AJvertis r." On making enquiries at mi,-. | coach -office at : »ech-,v.»rt!i. wo learue I ! that by accident the parcel had been i'or- i warded io Bright. Th'- pi -ers wm-e, j ai though late in the day, -inly forwarded i to their 'lostinutioi'. 0 LBANstXG Liquid. — In our business columns attention is drawn io rhe tmw clea using liquid "Aqua Oiu-isfoK" which was awarded first prize at Hie London, Paris, Yimioa and PiiiladclphiaEx ii hi tions and which may b obtained from Mr G. P. Mas cm- in ho, of Ford street, age it. for Boi chw -r; h and district. Killed by imihtning. — During the sev-r.; lo-iod.-rstoi-m that was gonei-d ov,.»r :-he North- Eastern District on the nig-it, of the 23rd tilt. .Mr i-Illwood, of Taiga vn<>, n.st two spl-.il ill fat bullocks, throng a tiitir having b.io'-i killed by lightning. The animals h-ui been disposed of to a 15 -tii inga 'mtcher, but > wi g to- tiiotr non-d-.-tiv-.-rv .Mr Ellwo-iJ sustained a loss of al>. mr £15' 1'ue Wangaratta Mttnicipal Flec tion — The reason assigned for the election in connection with the WangariMtta Borough Council not outing off 011 the 17th, as at first appointed, is that under the 107tli section not l.-sa than 21 days' notice should have b ii given. The mayor attempted to cure this by a, public notice advertising th»- nominations as having been pcopi-rly ma te, but postpon ing the election to rhe 24th. This is stated to be done under the 140th section, which provides for adjournments under certain circumstances on the days of polling, but not for postponements. British and Foreign Bible Society. — Tho usual monthly meeting of the Beechworth branch of this society was hold on Monday evening in the Church of England Schoolroom. .Present : The Rev. AI. Bradney (chairman), the Revs. J. G. Alackie, and AI. Bradney, and Alessrs D. Fletcher, Warren, Lindegaard, Dalton, Darv.-ill, Calder and Dawborn (lion. sec.). Tiie Rev. Vv . Brown slated that he had attended a meeting at Wangaratta on the li ;h February. Great help was rendered by the Revs. H. Poole and Grewar, the local ministers, and the IK v. W. AI. Alex ander, of Bright. The Rev. H. Poole very kindly entertained the deputation. The meeting was fairly .successful,, but was seriously affecced by other attractions being offered that evening. Good col lectors wore appointed, and the committee trusted that the friends of the society at Wangaratta would do well, iu showing -heir appreciation of its objects. It was resolved that tho Rev. AI. .Bradney (In dependent) be requested to preach the annual sermon cu Sunday, 10th April ; also that the various Sunday-school super intendents makeavrangeinents for thejusual united service to be held in the afternoon of the same day, and that the co-operation of all the church choirs be secured, if possible, so that the united service may be rendered as attractive as usual. The following young ladies were nominated as collectors for Beechworth From the Gimrch of England, the Alisses Burke ; Presbyterian Church, Alis; Finch and Aa-iss Lawrence ; \VesleyaM Church,. Aliss Annie Higgius and Aliss Minnie Higgins ; Independent Church, Alisses Bradney, Morrison and Darvall. An Old Story Retold. — What may happen to a man on this sublunary globe is- thus described by the " Ballarat Star:" At no great distance from Ballarat. a hus band some months ago was charged with wife-beating, aud bound over in certain sureties to keep the peace. Not being able to find the sureties, he spent about five months in gaol, when he was liberated. On emerging from custody ho was met by his wife, who lovingly condoled with him on his misfortune, and the two agreed to live 011 the most amicable terms for the future. A day or two afterwards the wife suggested that the house owned by the husband should be sold off, in. order that they' might depart for a pasturage where the degradation of imprisonment which the husband had undergone would be unknown. Tho proposal was acted upon, and the house sold. That night the hus band and wife took up their abode in an hotel in the township, intendingto leave for Alelbourne the following mornin"-. Bacchus wa3 lively in the hotel that night, and, not to put too fine a point on it/tlie husband was carried to bed drunk. On the following- morning, when he awoke, he looked round for his wife, but no wife was there. A quick examination of his clothes brought io light the fact that nearly all his money — about £220 — was gone ; and further enquiry made known the circumstance that the wife had fled during, the night with a young spark with whom she had been intimate during the time the husband was in gaol, and taken the money with- her. The husband is now on the wallaby track to a goldfield in a neighbouring colony, very much disgusted with human nature in general, and with his wife in particular. The Police Board.— "John Peery- hingle" has the following : — That Police Board that has been appointed is a curiosity in its way. Tlie selection is unique. The chairman, for a start, is Francis Longmore, who declared last week that our judges and juries were unfair. Then there is Graves, the man who lays the charge against the police. He is to be judge, jury, witness, and prosecutor. George Collins Levy, a very estimable gentleman for trotting ladies round the Exhibition, but I shouldn't think lie would be up to much as judge of police duties. E. 3. Dixon, a disappointed Radical, who was not selected far Parliament last year finds a place at the board. George Finchaiu, another Radical, has to sit 111 judgment 011 the bobbies. In fact, takitK- the board all through, it is a regular shan/ and the public look upon the whole i enquiry as a gigantic farce. j Benalla Agricultural Reserve. — In j the Assembly on Wednesday Air Richard- i son, in reply to Air .Hal, said that the ' person who claimed to be the lessee of the i Benalla Agricultural Reserve had no right , to order some farmers, who were holding | a meeting, oft the ground. j 1 he . hrre u.1le Assault Case — The 1 ii aii Wniiain ti\ ells, who last Tues- A i..s remanded u> nopear at, ihe Beech \- to l iihce Cuiii-i- 011 L uesi lay next for .-.—.it. itii tv\>> Ciniiati-uii at the three .VL it? ..il i,b 1st. in-;t. and adrmi t- d to bail .the oil Utiandi .g tnat it -wmld be 1 called Miotil i s r "Us lODs. qiit nces ciue to the assault -u men m >hu mean- Anie, was ,iyAm l--il<ar,i 111 the l> ett-up en Pi ul.iy, .ia vile 01 tli On nam o ; Au Yek), ar. plea.;. iu iied-.-L i.i L . I treatm .iii.it. the O.ima Diatiie rL.ia.in lias ban a r.)l..pse Oa making enquiries mfce las ..i-u the vesideiu-surgeon uuonied ou. repr sen- tativ e that cir (...ii1 .1 i .n or lIi - unfor tunate patient was aii extiem.-ly critical one, ami there n-ere grave doubts as to whether he would recover. Melbourne Wool, &c.;, Market.— The New Zealand Loan and A'lercantile Agency Company Limited report 011 the 9th inst. : — Wool — 3'r msactions in this market are unimportant ; onlv odd lots ;i.ad small piircels of scoureu .ire now offering, for which current rat s are well maintained. She»--pstiiis — We have placed :i good average qua tity during Hie week. Our sales have been well ato-ndal, and th . c nnpetii.ion Iris been good rhrough- out. Astea.iy demand continm-s for . all descriptions, esp -eml y for superior dry skins, whica command high rates. We quote Lamh skins, Is 8d to 2< each ; butchers pel's, up to 2s 9d each ; dry skins, 3s 6d ;> 5s (id each ; station skins, (in bales), 4 j I to 7<l per lb ; dr- . pelts, Is to Is 9d. Hides — The steady demand we referred io in our last report continues to characterise the market. A heavy supply has come forward during tne week, which has been cleared at satisfactory rates. "Victorian heavies are readily placed at quotations, which are : — Green ox hides, 13s to 29s each ; green cow hides, . 3d to 3id per lb ; calf skins, 34d to 5&-.1 per lb j kip hides, 3d to 3 LI per lb ; Victorian salted hides, 84- 1 to 4j-d per lb ; Victorian extra heavy, up to 4-Jd per lb ; fight salt hides, 3d to ''id p. r |q ; New Zealand, 5d to Oijd per lb. Leather. — We have no alterations to make on the rates last advised. All descriptions have been re presented ai our sales, and we hav-- moved off a large quantity at prices as under. Kip is iu short supply, and anything like fair quality meets with ready sale. Crop likewise commands attention. We quote : — Crop, 9d to 11-kl per lb ; kip, Is 4d to Is Gd per lb ; runners, Is 6d to Is 8d per lb ; calf, 2s to 2s lOd per ii-> ; waxed kangaroo, 2s 3d to 2s 6d per lb ; brown kangaroo, 2s to 2s 6d per lb ; wallaby,. 2s to 2s 10c! per lb ; harness, 12d to 14di per lb ; basils, 10s to 20s per dozen 7 rough tanned kangaroo, Is Sd to 2s. Kangaroo Skins, &o.; — A fairly average business has been done for this season of the year since we last advised. Tallow. — We have no improvement to note, the want of shippers' competition having a depressing effect on prices generally. We have" done a fa.rly good business in supplying local requirements,, and sow quote prices as follows : — Beef, £24 to £20 10s per ton ; mutton, £25- to £28 per ton ; inixed, £23 to £26 10s per ton; inferior, £18 to £21 10s per ton. Bresbyterian. — The Rev. A. AIcDonald of Wamutracta,- will preach in the Presby terian Church, Beechworth, to-morrow (Sunday). A Sheep-stealer. — Robert "Wylie waB at the Seymour P olice Court 011 Thursday . committed for trial on two charges of sheep-stealing. Albury Cu.-; ror.r- i I < .n?e. — The collection at the Albury C-i-v-nu-house for the month of fiobiuary amounted to £1953 6s 5d. The Rainfall. — The rainfall registered at Albury lor the week up to Thursday last at 9 a.m, was 0' 42in. The Bank. Rate of Interest. — The Associated Banks have further reduced the rate of interest allowed on fixed de posits as follow : — For three months, 2' percent. ; six months, 2i- per- cent.' ; and twelve months, 3 per cent. Wheat. — Wheat is now coming in but slowly (observes the North-Eastern En sign"). The. prices 011 Alonday for prime wa3 3s 6 id. Last week there were 6075- bags consigned to Alelbourne. Only one- half that quantity was brought in by the farmers last week, the balance being at the station awaiting transit. Last week prices reached as high as 3s 7:id. AIineual Exhibits. — Among the awards for mineral, rock and fossil exhibits at the Alelbourne International Exhibition are comprised the following, in the fourth order of merit : — A. Alderdice (Beech worth committee). A'ictoria, minerals and rocks ; G. Holstein, Freeburgh, Victoria,, auriferous quartz specimens and alluvial, &c.; From Wodonga to the AIurkay. — Air Elsdon, the engineer-in-chief of the- Victorian Railways, left Alelbourne on Alonday afternoon for Wodonga, for the purpose of inspecting the route over which the line will have to be extended from that place to the River Alurray. Tenders for the construction of the remaining portion of the line will (we learn from the "Argus") be called for as soon as practicable after his return. An Hon. Gallant. — The Hon. J-. A- Wallace declared himself, from his place in the Legislative Council, on Tuesday, as being the champion of the fair sex. The hon. gentleman evidently is, observes the " Telegraph," who firmly believes, not only in woman's rights as applied to mistresses of arts and spinstresses oil art occupying seats in the deliberations of the council of the University, but who is convinced that one, at any rate, of woman's missions is to exercise her voice- in the Legislature of the country. Alr- Wailace took Sir Charles Sladen "to task for his persistent attempt to prevent ladies from being elected to the council of the University. The hon. gentleman even went so far as- to assert it to be his con viction that, if women were returned to " another place," the innovation would have tlie effect of smoothing the asperities of hon. members, whose manners would thereby be improved. Beware of Matches.— The danger of opening tin boxes containing matches is shown by an incident related in the Kapun da " Herald" : — A lady in Kapunda received her regular supply of goods from fhe grocer's, including amongst other things a large tin box of matches. Bear ing in mind the recent accident at Air Fotkt-rir.gham's, she thought she would open them herseif and instead of holding them in her hand placed ihem ou the drawers, and then opened the lid gently, b was fortunate she had so placed it, for the moment the atmospheric air ewered the opened lid an ex-plosion took place, and the name rose to the height of abous afoot. The burning matches went on to the drawers and carpet, and out for tiio lady's prompt action in throwing the con tents 01 the wasnstand jug over them the pi - -ii wo-.ti-.i have taken lire. This should act as a caution to persons using matches uunag the present hot weather. Had the laoy ks;U the box in her band whilst open ing, the flames would probably have blinded her, and at least she would have been severely ournr. 