BUSH-FIRES. Another serious fire occurred on Tuesday on Mr Samuels' Mount Greenock estate, b; which that gentleman lost about 100 acres of splendid grass. Mr Samuels was absent from home when tbe fire took place, which it supposed to have been caused by some lads who were shooting in the paddock. AsBoon as the news of the fire reached Talbot Messrs Stewart, Wilson, and Co. closed their mill, and, -with their workmen and other assistants, after great exertions, beat out the fire. Tbe grass destroyed was of cspedil value, as, being a splendid crop, it irss being saved for autumn feeding, and was the best on the estate.—Talbot Leader. A fire took place in the Australasian Eltended Company's paddock on Wednesday last, and spread with fearful rapidity, causing great damage. It was first observed in the paddock leased by Mr C. Charleson, whose brother, Mr J. Charieson (of the Grrsn HiH|i with his son, quickly set to work1<> try and beat it out, in which endeavors they wm soon joined by Mr Thomas bine The three worked hard to stop its propm but a slight wind freshening up, dim the fire with lightning speed across tlx paddock, licking up everything in iiz way. Grave fears were now entertuaed for the stacks of Mr Dinegan, only completed on that day, and assistance speedily arrived ou the scene of the fire, miners from all tk surrounding claims, including the Anstrahr sian Extended, Davies' Junction, Norti Australasian, and the Australasian No. o did their level best to beat out the enemy, tat their efforts were not rewarded with sncces! until a £tack of oats, another of wheat, another of hay, and a stack of straw hid fallen a prey to the devouring elenieci. Attention was next directed to saving tk dwelling. The furniture and effccts were re moved to a place of safety near the creek bed. the atrtsbed and stable were emptied of tber contents, and a cordon of men surrounded the dwelling, which was saved by dint oi liard labor, aided by the milk-dishes being emptied of their contents on the grass surrounding the house. In addition to tiiewkle of his crop, and about 150 acrcs of gras, nearly the whole of the division fences hi™ been destroyed. The loss is estimated »: alioat £'200.—Gresieict Advertiser. ? ? 