y News and Notes. ) The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu y is giving his oharming drawingroom ( entertainment at fit. George's Hall J nightly, assisted by his daughter, Miss. a Daisv Silvester. Miss Emelier Reau- / mont, and Madaine BilfesterValso Mr J Lacie (ventriloquist) and- Mr -J. Sum- \ mers Brown. The entertainment-is,. ( highly ,8pokep of by all who have '/ witnessed/it, vth'e entranced lady (Miss \ Daisy Silvester), the ventriloquial,' / efforts of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of J the Fakir, and above all the beahtifnl C fairy fountaip, .elicit universal admi- f , ration. | ; i ) Mir W. -B. Furlong, notifies . that C he hhs removed his mzsid studio to r those handsome premises situate-near ) Russell-street in Latiobe-street; where . there is a large hall and' eveiy con'-. ; ' venience for T students of the vocal I art. " x Ambbioak Waltham Watohbb ' were awarded -.the Only .Two . First I Prizes pt the Melbourne International Exhibition, ; 1880-1, being v higher 1 awards than any other Exhibit®? of I Watches received. > ' ! : - The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea,- Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa orBoile I Milk, 2d. 124 and 128 Bourke street, opposite Waxworks, i We feel it ohr duty to call attention > to the New Davis Vertical. Feed . Sewing Machine, which has carried ' off the only first pride at the Mel- ) bourne InternatiOhal .Exhibition. . Some of the competitors, however, ' were not satisfied with the awards, ) and protested. The-. Experts, how- . ever, upheld the decision- and gave ) the first prize for their Family Ma- ) chine and the same for Hmid, Messrs W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth f street, are the sole agents, and -in- ) tending piirchasers and those interest- ed would' do well to call -and inspect 1 these singularly-successful machines. ) We have received from Mr P."G. Dixon samples of sodawatef' made from water specially brought ffdtn I Mount Macedcn. The sodaWhter is excellent, and is of coarse free from that nauseating taBte so clearly dis- i cemable in sodawater or other cordials made from the filthy Yan Yean. We : 1 have also received from Mr Dixon a i sample of the Mount Macedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, after having for some time to put up with the beastly stuff supplied by the,. ; Public Works Department. Gem ppbtbaitb.— The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, , was burned, to death by a bushfire.has . since been identified through,' a , gem . portrait being found amongst , the , remnants, Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one . that .was, taken at his studio ?ab«bht l a1' - month ago. Matkimony. — Never were snch ' . great -advantages held- ont to-young people te marry as the present. A ' comfortable house maybe furnished for yon, with every requisite to make boinei happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth 1 street, wno win arrange wnn you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down, to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate1 affair. ; < ; ' Result of Flattery.— An un successful lover was asked by what means he loBt his lady fair, " Alas 1" cried he, " I Battered her until she got too proud to speak to me." 