COUNTY OF TALBOT. Mount Franklin, Marco 9.—Wheat— Quality good; yield per acre, highest 30 buBhela; lowest, 8 bushels; average yield, 16 bushels per acre; area, about the same as last year, and that will only amount to about a tenth part of the land under this crop in this district, say Biz or seven years ago. Oats Quality good; yield per acre, highest, 35 buehelB; loweBt, about 10 bushels; average yield per acre, 23 bushels; area, the same will apply to this as in the wheat crop. Barley—Very little grown. Wheaten and Oaten Hay—Not grown much beyond home consumption; good average crop this year, and well saved. Potatoes—A few for home use, looking very well upon the top so far, but wanting rain badly. CropB for Green Fodder—Nothing grown of any importance. Rye—Very little quantity grown. Peas—I think almost every farmer has a patch of these every year; this year quality good, and the average yield per acre, I believe, will ex ceed 30 bushels. Chicory—None. Hops— Some have a few plants for the novelty of trying bow they will. do; I believe the dis trict is favourable to the growth of the hop. Grapes—We have every appearance of a very fair crop this year. Dairy Farming is carried on to some extent by all in the district, principally buttermaking, and I believe Mr. Wm. Roberts may be reckoned one of the best fresh and salt butter makers in the colony; but the very low price ruling does not pay the farmer, it is more like giving away the produce of the farm than selling it. Sheep Farming—There is a considerable number of sheep kept in this district now, partly to Tenovate the worn-out land, and as a ready means of turning to the best account land which at the present time will not yield a profitable return under cereal crops. General Remarks—This season has been very dry, and at times very cold, which tells much upon the condition of stock. Happily, we have escaped bush-fires; but now that the season is far advanced with no rain every one is thinking we may have a severe winter for stock.—William Dodgall, Mount Frank lin. Parishes of Creswick, Spring-hill, and Dean, March 16.—Wheat—Yield, from 10 to 25 bushels per acre; average, 15 bushels; grain small and inferior. The rust has been very general in this district this season—in fact, I have not seen one paddock of wheat free from it, all the grain being more or less shrivelled. Area, 12 per cent, over last year. 1 attribute the low average to the very wet weather we had during seed time and winter, and the spring months being generally cold and frosty retarded the growth, when rust set in, with the result stated above. Oats— Quality fair; from 22 to 45 bushels per acre; average, 29 bushels per acre; the area under this crop is about 15 percent, under last year. English Bailey—Quality medium; from 23 to 35 bushels per acre; average, 27 bushels per acre; area under crop, 10 per cent, over last year; no complaints about the caterpillars in this crop this year. Cape Barley—Very little grown; 50 per cent less than last year; yield, trom 15 to 40 bushels per acre; average, 25 buBhels. Wheaten and Oaten Hay—Quality good; from 28cwt. to 60cwt. per acre, mostly wheaten hay; average, 35cwt per acre; area, 10 per cent over last year, but the average being much lower, the total will be much under lust year. Potatoes — Area planted, 10 per cent under last year; quality good, but owing to the dryness of the rammer the yield will be light If rain should fall this month it may benefit & few late-planted, and it may increase the average of the earlier planted ones, but it will impair the quality of the latter. Peas—Quality medium; from 15 to 30 bushels per acre; average, 23 buBhels per acre; area, much the same as last year. Grapes—Few grown; the climate too cold. Dairy Farming is not on the increase here ; butter and cheese are too low in price to be remunerative. Sheep Farming cannot be said to be on the increase in this district. The principal drawback is that the farms are generally too small, bat farmers who have scope for keeping sheep find them more profitable than growing cereals at present prices. General Remarks—Complaint is general, and various causes assigned for the great depression amongst the farming com munity throughout the colony, bat I think that most of the farmers will agree with me when 1 state that the depression iB mainly attributable to two causes, the first being a succession of unfavourable seasons, and the second the low price of produce. The first cause we have but little control over, but, eeeing we have had a succession of unfavour able BeasoDB, we may reasonably anticipate that when we do get a change it will be for the better; bnt the farmers must prepare themselves to fight the latter cause—viz., the low prices—by adopting toe most improved machinery and implements, cultivate less. and do it weiL— -Jambs Talent, Wattle-grove. Creswick. 