SAD LOSS OF LIFE BY A BUSH- FIRE. From the Adelaide Register of Monday we take tiie following account of a sad lass of life occasioned by a bush-fire on New Tear's Day:— " Port Iineoln, 1st January.—A fanoas hot wind is blowing here. On Thursday hist the thermometer registered 102 deg outside under a verandah. It would be mucl hotter at -Franklin Harbor, where a terrible fire occurred, in which Mrs Martin M*Carthy and five daughters . and one son were all burned to death. Hie house and everything around were completely destroyed. The wind was flowing the fire past the farm, when it is presumed it changed, and carried it down against the house, and, as the latter is surrounded by high dense scrub, no assistance could be rendered by the father and men, who were reaping. The bodies were very much charred and unrecognisable. Trooper ,BIake is now starting to make necessary enquiries. "Wallaroo, 1st January.—MrM"Carthy, a settler in the Hundred Hawker, ar- rived byopenboatat two o'clock to-day, with the charred remains oi his wife, his five daughters and son, who were burnt to death by a fire that consumed the house on Thursday last. The fire is described as being terrific, eveu the kangaroo dogs being unable to get away. M*Cartliy itus reaping, about a mile away. The fire is supposed to have originated in the .Hundred of Boothby, and was not erpected to come near M*Carthy's, which is at Carps, sixteen miles south-west of Franklin ifarhor. However, at about two o'clock the wind changed, and the fire came up like inagic, taking everything before it. M*Carthy tried to get to the house, but was driven back, and the fact of his being to leeward of a piece of fallow land accounts for his and his four sons' escape. It is said that a solid flame, at times 40 feet high, swept down, and appeared to roll over places where there was nothing to burn. After the fire had somewhat burnt out, M "Carthy returned to his house, and found in and around the^juins the remains ot his family, namely—his wife, aeed fifty: his daughters, Mary, nineteen; Norah, eleven; Catherine nine; Bridget, four; Ellen Agnes, two: and son, Joseph Francis, aged seven. The five daughters were in the kitchen, whilst Mrs M "Cartliy's body was found near the tank, at the end of the house, she having apparently been going for water. The boy's remains wfere also outside. Mr D. M'Kenzie, J.P.,wassentfortoviewtheplace before the bodies were removed. -McCarthy would have finished reaping in two or three days. He had 230 bags of wheat .cleaned, and 15 more ready to bag, besides 40 acres of standing crop, averaging II bushels to tiie acre, all of which is burnt, as well as horse, dray, spring-dray, winnowing machine, and two waggons. As Mr ifCarthy wished to bury the remains of bis wife and children at Kapunda. where he wasa resident foryears, Mr Hichards' kindly lent a -boat and men, and a start was made for Wallaroo at seven o'clock on Saturday, and they arrived here to-day at two. Arrangements are made to go by train to-morrow. M'Carthy, with his five sons, will remain at Rose worthy to-morrow night, going by first train on Tuesday to Kapunda. Great sympathy is felt for ifCarthy, and he was accompanied by all the settlers for mfles round to Franklin Harbor. A neighbor named Hfitheringlfim" had some property burnt. . The flames through the window of tire house, and burnt tiie "bedding inside. Trot, being a stone bunding with an iron roof, and the wind driving the. games along so quickly, the building not fount, but their youngest child was badly scorched. Some fears are felt for tiie safety of the survey parties oat in those hundreds, as they arc in the direction from which the fire came. Miles of country that the squatters have repeatedly tried to bum without success have been swept clean by Thursday's fire. It seems a great mistake that in a district of audi growing importance;, C lthough the telegraph line passes through^ is no station nearer than 100 mfles. 