NEWS AND NOTES. The British forces under Sir Geo. Pomeroy Colley have met with a decided check had severe loss in a conflict with the Boers in the Transvaal. The loss to the British was 190 men and 8 officers killed and wounded, whilst the loss to the. rebels is not known. Whilst the rebellious Boers are achieving a temporary success in defying British power, in consequence of the smallness of the force sent against them, the forces operating against the Basutos have been successful, and the collapse of the robeliioh is anticipated. The Irish Coercion Bill'is being pushed on with vigour, all other business giving place to it. The speech of the Premier In defence of the mea sure is referred to. A conference appears probable to sfettle the vexed .Turco Greek question All the sufferers from the late railway acci dent are making steady progress at the Hospital, with the exception of Mra Spencer, whose condition is yet very precarious. On Saturday she was very restless, and at night she got little sleep, bub on Sunday she was in a mote bddi|)oesd abate, and bad about' three lioura* sleep altogether. On Sunday afternoon consciousness had fully returned, and she was apparently a little better, but, of course, a change for the worse might take place at once. Miss Wallace and Miss Timmins ate both mending very well; and are no# bUfcof danger. Thb little boy Mazzini slept well on Saturday night, and also passed a hopeful day on Sun day. Strong hopes of his recovery are now entertained by the attendants. The number of persons on Sunday at thb Hospital indkibg enquiry Cs to now the patients were progress sing was quite astonishing, as showing the great interest the public toqk In the unfortu nate case. As we remarked in a previous issue everything that the resident surgeon and nurse and assistants can do for the sufferers day and night is being dohb; arid should any of the cases tetzfliflate fatally it will nob be owing to any lack of the best of treatment in every respect at the Hospital. The board recently appointed by the Government to enquire into the charges made against Mr Whitelaw, a telegraph operator at Ballarat, of having divulged the contents of telegrams transmitted through that office, held a first sitting at the Melbourne General Post- office on Friday. The charge has (we learn from the Daily Telegraph) been made by a young man named Yates, formerly a clerk in the office of Mr Stoddart, sharebroker, Ballarat, but who is now a prisoner at Pent- ridge, and is to the effect that Whitelaw systematically acquainted Stoddart with the contents of mining telegrams passing through the office. The members of the board — the Hon. R. Ramsay, Mr Call, P.M., and Mr Le Cren, the secretary for Public Works — will not conclude their labours for several days, as it will be necessary for them to visit Ballarat this week to examine witnesses. A suicide of a most determined character, committed under the influence of drink, took pldbh at Jonas* Cosmopolitan hotel, Lydiard street, on Sunday morning, A man who was known at the hotel as-John “Boots, 0 but whose real name was discovered to be John Putger, came to the hotel on Saturday even ing, and having paid for bis bed retired to rest In a double- bedded room—the other oebu patit of the aparthleiit beiilg a man flamed Anderson—a room at the extreme rear of the house. He appears tfl have been dripk iog, and when in bed*, coHvhrftd with Ander solii staUßg he would knock off drinking. At half-past 7 In the morning he got up and had a drink, and at balf*past 9—Anderson in the meantime having was found in the bedroom dead. His suicide' had been effected in a most desperate manner. Over the bed hb hild occupied Were threb nails; the Centre one being a large* and stout one. To this he had attached a stout cord, the thickness of an ordinary peri-holder; and juuriuliufi Auderfcoh’s bed, be placed it in two folds tound bis neck. Lowering himself the cord caused strangulation and unconsciousness, j ?? 6 foot 8l, PP iu B on to the floor, and the other remaining on the bed, he was chocked to death, the cord cutting deep into the flesh. In this position he was found. Between £3 and £4 in money : was found.on his body, and also some papers, giving his name and repealing the fact that for sis years, eliding 1374, he had acted as generally useful man and gardener at Anthony s British hotel, Creswick, and for three years as boots at Heffernan’a Shamrock hotel, Sandhurst.- It is supposed that the: rash.offence was perpetrated; under the in finance of delirium from drink. A relic which, on account of its associations, possesses a good deal of interest ia now in the custody of Mr Henry Glenny, J.P. Mr Glenny while on a recent tour in New South Wales passed through Wagga Wagea, a spot rendered matono from its having been the dwelling place of the far-famed Sirßogei Tichborne.* Being curious to sea the home of the claimant, •Mr Glenny mentioned the matter, and he wee promply conducted to the: place while the baronet used to carry on his business. The butchers shop had recently beep pulled down to make way for a new, building; but some of' tha ware atill to j the fore, ana'the_oWnw-eaDitepual; presented Mr Glennjjtgwith V {Sake of the jamb of the dtiqr, containing the {mUjrrnsilS knocked in by Sir curd thereto when he fttltjot Melboarne. Mr Qleany is «W tooths! piece of wood made into preaebt -to hia friends, who will, no auoh a memento of the famoua Sir-Boger. A fire, we are informed,' Wat raging oh Friday afternoon,,oo ,a„ portion.of Ahe.Eroil-, dbnne Estate ‘known as Btnldy'a paddock, near Barrumheet The smoke of the-con flagration wat Visible from'liearmonth, And it opuld be aehn thatthoflrewalvery exlhnsive.' We hbar that 'a large-Quantity-bf grass was. conallihea. 'Mr Thomson, P.M., presided at the (Sty Court on Saturday morning, and on -the ceiti ficatea olDra Rsdcliffe and Bradford com mitted Martin Gardiner to the Ararat Lunatic Asylums 'At the ‘Town Court*Mr Anderson, J.P., presided, and fined one person charged with having beeti drunk inithe usual amount Alice Graham, charged with having no .visible lawful " meads of support, was reihanded till Monday morning, A call of the whole council of the City has been made for ..to-day at 3. pirn, in order to deal with the question of'constructing tram ways in the streets of the city. General busi ness will also be transacted, A great' many toWn and Country munici palities appear to be under the impression that they administer public deparlrriehts. attd that their cheques, receipt*, Ac., are in consequoncß exempt from duty. The Postmaster-General desires it to be distinctly understood that, "Us municipalities are not exempt, ahy farther in fringement of thb.abt will he met by proaecu tions being immediately instituted against the offenders. The extremely satisfactory information has . been received by telegram from the London agents of the Australian Frozen Mesh Export Company that the butter shipped. ;ln the freezing Compartment per Protoa is selling at the late of Is per lb. This should act as ah incentive to'the formation of a local company’ to ship batter. The donation of the City Council to the School of Mines has been increased from £lO to £lfl 12s. The latter sum has hitherto been given, and secures certain privileges tb the council in the Way of fabinlUating piipils, hot this year the council filled upon £lO as the amount of their gift. Upon its being repre. seated that the privileges would be lose by tbs decrease, the donation has been fixed at the original earn. About three months ego a yoUng VfotUatt iu Adelaide-, oldest daughter of Mr M. B. Nichol son, Ballarat 'West, posted in tbs Adelaide General Post-office a bracelet, addressed to her sister in Ballarat, which has never arrived. A good deal of correspondence has ensued on the subject without avail, and Mr Nicholson is now going to put the matter into the hands of the detectives-. ;T .. An elderly in ail named Evan Jenkins came into Ballarat on Sunday evening by the coach from Srreatham, and weot to the Hospital to gain admission. He stated that he had been in a hut on Mr M*Fherson , s station for a week in a sickly state without anyone to look afibt him.; The boor man reemed scarcely .. able to state hie case intelligibly for want of breath. The secretary and conductor of the Philhar monic Society waited .yesterday bn the gentle men whom our readers will remember or ganised such superior concerts on last Good Friday and'. Christmas Day, the result being that there will be a union of forces and ia fluence, that will tend to make the approaching Good Friday concert one of the greatest and most attractive ever given in Ballardt. Inde pendently oi the floe chorus and band of. the society, numbering 150, it is intended to secure the best vocal quartette the colony can. produce, and besides the splendid Twelfth Mass, which will fotm One part; the ladies and gentlemen engaged trill phtforih a iniscelv lanßous second part, assisted by the society's ! chorus and hand. Thus an unusual musical treat is in store for the Ballarat public, as in [ the Academy the society will be heard to-great advantage. The City Council have received an intima tion that two patent bridals of the Mabfarlana design bdve been teceiVed to their order by a hewly- arrived vessel. One of tha structures, we are informed, is to be erected in the Unicorn passage. Seven drunkards in the East, and three in - the City cells on Sunday night, proved that in spite of recent teiflpetknbe ioflueneba the begetting sin 1 ’ baa numerous votaries: The Chinese residents in Ballarat, Haddon, Creswick, and other localities favoured by John’s presence; celebrated on Buflday the bdihibg Id bf the hew year with the customary observances. In every house were laid out fowls, pork, and the Celestial beverage yclept gin, to partake of which all entering the houses Were.inVitbd. .At intervals, a form of worship, in which (he letting on of crackers answered to the distribution of tracts favoured by tba “ Inglis-man,” was gone through, to the great joy of the boye who gathered in the camps, and majie deaphrifte attefapje lii betake soldo Of the fireworks from the flames, playing at snap dragon on a large scale. The object of this unusual festivity was to propitiate Joss, who, it would appear, instead of loving hie almond-eyed children, requires to be pro pitlated, adulated, and flattered before he Con descends tb incline His pat and givij his good will to tho wants and fortunes of his yellow* faced devotees.. A meeting of the newly-formed Besidence area Holders' Association was held on Satur day evening at the Biick.’a Head hotel. .There was a goad attendance of members, and Messrs Bell and James, 31's.Xi.A., were also present. Thirteen new members were enrolled, alter which the election of office-bearers of the asso ciation was proceeded with, with the follawiog reaulti—President, Mr John Hunt j vice presidents, Messrs E. Fisher end ,P; Caq(t«; committee (with power tU add), Messrs Bal lantyne, Cowx, Drew, Patton, Petersen, Bussell, Smith, Summers, Surplice, Walker, and Wilkins; bon. seerstary and treasurer, Mr E. Hayes. A discussion followed on the pro gramme to be adopted by the association, and it was decided that the committee should meet on the following Saturday to prepare the pro gramme and arrange other business td'bo brought before a general meeting of the asso ciation on Saturday, 12tb February. All pro sent agreed to exert themselves In inducing parties interested to join the association, and it was arranged that intending members could pprol .on payment of one shilling at Mr D. Cooke’s office, iO Lydiard street; at the Buck’s Head hotel, Bridge street; or with any member of committee.: A cardial Vote of thanks was passed to Messrs Bell and James, M’s.DA., for their attendance and advice. The meeting, which was characterised by thorough earnestness throughout, was brought to a close by the usual compliment to the chairman. We learn that the excursion trains from Btwell djtariat to. the. Exhibition will com mends to run on Tuesday hell. - A lad named Beynolda (our Smythesdald correspondent writes) had the misfortune to cut hie foot badly on Saturday with an axe, whilst chopping wood in the buah. Mr Andrew Mooney, for whom he was working, happened fortunately to be presept when the accident occurred, and at once bandaged the wound, an ugly gash of some three Inches in length, close to. the lower part of the instep, and then conveyed the sufferer to the residence of Dr Jordan, where he received the necessary surgical attendance. New accounts are now lying at the Treasury, Smytheadale, lor the following;—B. Keiland, J. Lewin, T. Armstrong, Q. Perry (2), C. Thorne, J, Lynch, D. T. Perrot. A Correspondent Writes*—“ In the Bnngaree district several large farmers; whose crops ate ready for .thrashing, ate neft able tb proceed with threshing operations at present for want of threshing machines.'’ Alice' Graham, aged eighteen 1 years, was arrested by the Ballarat 'East police.on Satur day morning, charged with having no visible lawful means of support. .She and tba girl Sarah Coulson, arrested a few days ago, ■ have for some time past been cohabiting with a well-known had character in Chisholm street, hearßlacAHill. The girls will be brought before the Town Court this morning, A death strange circumstances oc- curred in the Chinese Camp on Saturday evening. A child aged about six months, the son of Ah Check, was at about noon on that day playing with a bamboo cane, used by his father for smoking with. The little fellow, it is presumed, sucked at the mouth of the cane, and drew in some nicotine, which he swallowed. Late in the evening he was seized with con- vulsions, and died at 12 o’clock. Dr Bunce was sent for, and has expressed an opinion that the child died from narcotic poisoning, but will be able to finally decide the matter this morning, when a post-mortem examination and magisterial enquiry will be held. , -A strange tale eqaceroing'the son of a well known resident of Ballarat appeared in Saturday s _ Mpmthiri.Advocate:—' “ What appears to be a hoax, perpetrated at. the cost, of a number of our Ideal business people, wa* enacted during the early put A young man of respectable appearance intro?; dated himself to Mr games Catble-Of this to#u r aS a Mr iJooUjtwho ttrii td; gather iuforiwaifonfrom ttiT locoiclisUll ;6f; the branch offthe.Baak ofCTiotoria here as to their W.'A. Jennings, the? bank manager, and about being **■ moved fromherar.'He wtt;aocordia«ly intro duced to a number of the prioolpal business people) and amongat other things he said he was appointed special Correspondent of the ArgUl in' London'do theoctariOh.ofthe'lßtebdst' face bettirelsh Tricfeett and HanlSn, and was in the ptees bSat, tSitßessifig the rata alt tub Vis*. Geitaininfarma lion was obtainedwfaieb dadsMt the-duped ,tradesmen-to .rather -doubt the' Mnuintness ot Mr Scott’s, pretensions. Mr J. WotßerSpooh; ( to satisfy.hiifl.sClf and othetiji sent a tnemO. to the head office of tire Bank or Victoria.in .Melbourne, '.enquiring if such a: person had been sent on the errand sent forth, | by .'Mr Scotti On ,"Wednesday Mr Wother- I spoon received a ieply, Xtstine that nobody had been'deputed to'’obtain the'information 1 asked for by Mr Scbtt. It is said that Hr Scott is the .son of a bootmakar df that naiiie retiding in Main road, Ballarat. It is probable,; however, that Mr Scott bos nBt fkt heard the: last of bis freak.”' ■ ' As the tramway "question is to he discussed by the Ballarat City Council to-day, it is not amiu to quote the following from the Mel bourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spec tator—“ Visitors from Sydney and Adelaide, where the street tratoWay syststh is in full operation, express- surprise that Melbourne is all behind in this respect. An earnest move is, however, at present being made in this flirec tiofi; sha very shortly h etfong comf pany Will he formed. The capital of the com pany now. in- process of .formation is to be' £300,000, and ths names of Messrs Joseph Clarke,. Andrew -Bowen, W. K. Thomson, and'John M'llwraitb, which may be given as a sample of the kind of men who ue going into the niatldr, will sufficiently indicate the bona jidcs of the project.* 1 ' Amongst the award* of the jurors at-the International Exhibition, published on Satur day, wo find the following:—Case Whieky—; fourth order of merit, Warrenheip tJiatillery, Ballarat. Miacellaneona spirits-—Fourth order of merit, Warrenheip Distillery Company. Qape barley—Sepond order of merit, Mr George Smith) Balia rati” • ' - . A meeting of the committee appointed-to enquire into the origin of the late fire i at Windermere, and get an estimate made of the losses sustained by the sufferers, was held at the City-ball on Saturday. The businesa tran seated by the committee. iVaa of a private hatUre. The number of patienta remaining in the Hospital at the end of the week was 93, of whom 24 were females. The total number of out-patients treated during the week was: 566, and of these 114 were on tbs new list, the Rev. j. A. Stuart preached yesterday fofenootl and evening in the Lydiard street Presbyterian Cburch to Srdwdefl edngregatiphe on “ Sovereign election and free Will.” The preacher took for bia text the following words: —“Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling: for it ie God which worketb in you both to will and to do of his own good pleasure. ll It may Baldly be said that the doctrine, was, with the minister's wonted ability and brilliancy, put before his bearers j with the utmost simplicity, and ever and anon In the Course of close logical reasoning the preacher broke forth with passaged Of great' eloquence. I The committee of the Galloway monument have- come to 'the 'conclusion that the design cannot be improved upon, and have therefore declined, to .assent to the alteration proposed by the City Coiiflolli . Mr James Baird, of Learmonth, is thoroughly well satisfied with the working of the reapers and binders. He reports that he baa never 1 stacked better bound sheaves than those bound by the inafiiiiiieS at. the late trial held on his son's farm, Mount Blowhole!; Mr B, U. Nioholls had a splendid display of gooseberries laid out in his eeed and' flower shop, Armstrong street, on Saturday last. The collection comprised no less than fifty varieties,, from the large green berry fully the size of a pigeon's egg to the rich red-coloured fruit. The ehdw wfis divided into threb sections— green, red, and yellow berries, Ihg-Itittdf being especially noticeable from their amber colour and tempting appearance. Among the many excellent varieties the following named were especially good:—ln green varieties—Antago nist, Oa(heriua, Gunner, Green Gage; in red— Billey jjsan, Companion, Crown Bob) Bed Robin, Rifleman) Dan's Mistake; and yoUow— Broom Girl, Dublin, King Cole; and Yellow Lion; Eleven varieties Of currants also formed part 81 tile show, thh best variety in black being Black Naples, in red Berlin's No; 9, and white Dutch, The associated banks on Friday agreed to reduce the rate of interest on deposits to 3 per Sent, for six months and over, and to 2 per cent, for three mbfllfci. ■ —; We learn froth the Kyntion Quardiaii that two lads of fourteen, sons of Messrs O, Taylor |nd.Chas6, of Pipfer’e Creek, wefo drowned 1 on Friday riddle bathing. No. ode Saw the occur rence, and the first intimation of it Was the finding of the boys’ clothes on the bank; The bodies had not been recovered on Friday night. Martin Tanas, who murdered his wife at ' Cundsre; and now awaits trial for the crime, is stated to be insane. The ruattetf- is td be brought nnder tht riOtics of ibh Grown la# authorities. We learn from the Reformer that Henry Gutmore has. been sentenced by the Colao bench to aii dioathn' imprisonment for setting fire to grass lands. -Prisoner said hfi had been drinking for a month in Ballarat, where bid swag was stolen from him. He followed ths thief through Bokewood and Creasy, towards Ondit, where Dawson, the owner of the land offered him Work, took him out of bis way some iaileS, find then refused to employ him. The prisoner only regretted HS hid nßt pflt a fire-stick to Dawson’s crop. The very many friends of Mr William Hoskins, the popular actor, will (tha Daily Telegraph .observes) regret to leern of tha deifth Of his wife, better kfloWn by her stage Baffle- Of Miss Florence Colville, which, took place athiaresidende in Melbourne On Tours day. Miss Colville made her first appearance on tbs stage in Sydney, and subsequently in Melbourne, afterwards going to New Zealand as Mr Hoskins' pupil. At Christchurch in that polony Mr Hoskins married Miss Colville, flir Crdorbft Wilaoh giving away the bride; On theNew Zealand stage' Mias Colville was most popular, and proved herself a worthy pupil of so sterling a preceptor. In such characters as Mrs Ormsby Dslmaio, Galatea, Lady Teazle, Juliet, Pauline, and Formosa, 4e., Mias Colville excelled. Elbe died at ths early age of thirty-four yeafs, and was interred in the Mel bourne Cemetery on Friday afternoon. Mr J. MTnlyre is likely to contest Malden in the event of Mr Service resigning. The flahchut JUarjh JErpreas records the death of Mr H, T, Q, Holyoakc, formerly of Ballan.' He was a brother of the celebrated Holybake of Birmingham. : Several cases of pie uro-pneumonia have been reported at Parwan, near Bacchus Marsh. Tenders will be Called for next week (we learn from £ha Age) lot .the eoostruedon of the St. Amend and Donald line. , The various sufferers by the explosion at the claim of the New Chum Consolidated Com pany; email in the same , condition as before reported (observes Saturday’s Bendigo A deer titer). Porter still being the worst sufferer. South Australia has produced a large quantity of wheat and flour this season, and is getting a higher price for it than Victoria. The annual report, issued in'tha sister colony, •givee the flour exported from South Australia in 1880, 78,963 tans, valued at £836,911, against 70,518 tons, valudd at 809)028 in 1879.- Wheat exported from South Australia in 188o| 7,126,559 bushels. Valued ’ at £1,620,379 against 3,376,917 bushels, valued at £818,679 in 1879. Or a sum total in value of £1,756 290 in all. ’ Amongst the fanny devices for the extermi nshon of rabbits, is one by a Mr Thorne)!, who has submitted a plan. to Government for approval. It is described to be the coating of »ome of the animals with a “slinking’’apecific and then sending them into the wild rabbits’ burrows, ./The latter will then be driven out and-netted, killed, and their akin sent to market. The Minister has requested the scheme to, be submitted in writing. What guaranty does the inventor give that the rabbits are ,not like.* good many of the hSe* Pea “’ reg4rdl “* o£ “links however the Riverine Herald luSam Ul Wbat sn extent super. «bU.hold»..iU sway with the rising generation:— The most : unobservant of ShiM»n ““/A ha !? notice children seated on doorsteps and kerbing- with rude xrossee smsand on their boots*nd iVowbi'h haT9 " on • “used. such a general ornamental .Bon. j Tho msignu .of aoroas.ie supposed by th®. mfsntme mindtocarrywith- itgood tor- . 'taheV'if drawn when a white or gtej | m"eiew.; The yoiwgatera eagerly watch for •auctf-animalijnd on .eeiugonetheyimme “diately wet’fheir fingers with saliva anddrtw the ttoMloh their boots, accompanied bar; the myatio.Wordfi *CrieS croal, white tent % The tig sweep on the Melbourne rtcea pro posed bjf a bookmaker named Josephs, for the JiSrSStof tbs Sandhurst Hospital, has been "abandoned, owing to the recent prosecution of ■weep promoter*. has been discovered .by.fwme genius toa# .the. ** wicked-conservatives' .Bte morally re* eptmsihlefbr the Sea aloft railway icfiidentj. a® the#' epitelttjly _etood way of Xvopds brake beifig allied" ttfali fralhtf. we have not yet heard whether ihSsflMe Wicked folk .are refjtenaible for. the.Windermere, fires, bdt we fcipeot to find that neit stated; ; A contemporary femarke that - the great organ which the Exhibition Commissioners/ f rde to their protectionist instincts, said should be colonially manufactured - baa ; cost already £7OOO, and is like the donkey of Blackheath •• wot wouldn't go/’ The commissioners have tried, it .with wind and Water and gas, -and tg a > get * nothing '■ out of ■ it bat the ” Old .Hundredth,” and a rery indifferent reproduc tion of that* In another dolumn Hr Beery f-ftevenaon, of Niddnl, addresses the farmers with regard to the rates ruling for produce in Victoria. From oar Egerton correspondence ih will be seen that several serious bushfires have oc- Car red-at Bungeeltap station, and some miles in the Italian direction from Egerton. ■ The numbers of inmatcfj in the Benevolent . Asylum last retard was 246, and 2 males if ere admitted - during tHe Week. One female and , one child were discharged, and bob fechale difed, j leaving a total number of 245 inmates; The, number of bat-door recipients relieved' during the weeks was 389 adult, 346 children; total, 735\. Total of all, 980, Hononary'medical' office for the tnsaing week is Dr Radcliffe; Dr fiolthouse non-resident surgeon. The DayUqftrd Advocate states that a fire .Debarred‘on Thursday at 'kaodoit Creek, which destroyed- several stacks of' grain belonging to Mr B. Penraini The origin is unknown, but circumstances point to it having been a wilful act on the part of someone. The loss is a seriofiione. : % The construction of the main Trentbam and Blackwood road is now well in' band, the laying of the Metal being advanced as far as Newbury.. Coincidences are st all times remarkable, coming as they do in the shape of a surprise to the reader, T . The. following (detailed by the Warmamioifi Standard) deserves mention:— 44 We are informed that, by a strUiige coinci dence, the cook of“ the ill-starred cruiser Alabama, and the steward of the yacht Deer hound that saved the crew of the Alabama when the Kearsage sunk her, met on board tho pilot cutter Corsair at the Heads the othef day." Cn the night of the 26th about 8000 acres of O’Railly’a Wundo run, Caatertori, Were bhfhfedj abd about 700 aC'rea of the Wando Vale property. A farmer named John Burley lust 20 acres of wheat* Butter has been successfully consigned to Colombo and Ceylon in the ice-room of one of the mail steamers. There is a practically unlimited market In India for butter, cheese, wine, fruits, &o.; Very serious fires are being reported from all parts of the colony, the farming class meet ing with heavy .losses* Amongst the sufferers, we learn, Was Mr Alexander M'Qregor, of Avon Flatus, near £>t. AfnaUd, Who lost 100 bags of wheat and a stack of hay* It is quite evident that a very eerioUfl mia- | take has been made in compelling the farmers of East Charlton and district to accept Hel- ! bourne as the port of shipment for their grain. I Daily we hear of consignments from the dis trict for shipment at Geelong. Indeed/ with a little enterprise in making known the advan tages of the port, the people of Geelong should feap vbry great profit. We observe that the daily traffic of grain from Sta Well is 200 tons daily during the present season,- and our Pleasant Creek Contemporary states Geelong is the port most favoured by consignors. A farmer named Peter Gleeson, at Axedale, was thrown from his cart, containing a load of wood/ on Thursday, and instantaneously killed. . The Eolith Australian merchants are Bald by the Nbill correspondent of a Borsham contem porary to be holding out .inducements, evefy day to Victorian farmers to forward their wheat to Europe from Kingston, which is a seaport on the South Australian side of the border, that in the Course of a few months will be Connected with the border district of Victoria by a railway. . • ■ We learn, that during the twenty-one yeate Ending 1&79, tberfc werfc killed on onr railway Hoes 155 persons, While 294 others were more or less injured. Of the former number only .one was a passenger, while but 126 out of the latter number were travellers. At Little River and the North Shore the ,threshing has. ended, and the yields have proved heavier than for years, the oaten crops, in a few inotances/ reaching foriy btiahels per acre. The Advertiser states that the average returns ftfr the' district, however, are much under this. £ea shell arid Michell’s bonedust are the only fertilisers used id that locality. A very large and destructive fire occurred at Harcourb on Thursday. It originated by a spark being blown from the fireplace in the kitchen of a farmer named John Wilkinson! This set fire to the kitchen, then to a stack of hay, and/ the Semes, reaching the dwelling-, destroyed it. The flames were well kept under, and those who had assisted in suppress.* ingit, fearing no farther outbreak, left the scene. Two hours afterwards a hurricane of wind spread the flames over paddocks and fences for from two to three miles, causing heavy damage to: the farmers. The Mai l , j from which we gather these facta, E'Sya the fire presented a grand and appalling spectacle^ 1 The flames rushed high and furiously among the .crackling . branches, while a long line of fencing biased • in continuous undulating waves. Birds that, tfera stupefied by the smoke were seen flying towards their haunts, but checked by the flames they whirled away distractedly. -Two hawks got so bewildered that they dropped into the flames. Herea startled out of their shelter were observed rtftinittg deviously with singed hair. - The Harcourt Village Was enveloped in smoke, and altogether the scene ffluet have been one of desolation and sorrow. Really, the Melbourne correspondents are too bad. First, they hint that Mr Berry is growing rich,* and is turning conservative, and now one of them (the Correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator) tells us that it Is whispered a knighthood is within Mr Berry's reach, and that be “ does not see why he shouldn't be knighted as well as D.uffy and all the others.’* . The Hamilton Spectator states:—*’ The Rev. H. H. Finlay and family passed through Hamilton on Friday tn route to Carngham,' whence be has received a call from the Pres byterians. During the years he baa been stationed at Panola 'Mr Finlay gained very Many friends and no enemies; and his'new congregation &tS; to be congratulated upon securing .the service's of a liberal-minded and eloquent pastor.” « The Hamilton Spectator states the price paid by Mr John Riddoch for Glencoe station, in South Australia, *was £253,000, and he has tifoa been offered' and has refused £3OOO on Ms bargalfl. The Geelong Advertiser states that the losses of 11 the ring” through the favourites winning the principal events on Friday are estimated at £B6OO, and mentions one of the smaller fry of the bookmaking frate'rniby who could not pay bis debts, and was* subjected to some rough treatment, by those who had bet with him. Wign ®y* w k° ®hot Mrßonfeldt’s son at Maldon, about' three weeks ago, has been committed to take bis trial at the General .Sessions to be held at Castlemaine on 15th e P^ ar 7' Young Ronfeldt is Improving quickly, and Will, apparently, soon overcome the effects of the injuries he received. The adaptation of spark catchers to railway locomotives is surely better than so expensive s process of preventing loss by fire as is re ferred to in the following paragraph from Saturday’s Geelong ln order to ! guard against fire from sparks emitted from the funnels of locomotives drawing trains to the racecourse on Friday,' men were stationed along the paddocks from tho main Colac line to the racecourse platform. The men were 150 yards apart, and each was furnished with * green hough, of a tree for the purpose of beating out promptly any fire that might have been dropped by the locomotives. Fortunately their services were not required,” The Gordon Adveriuer baa been informed ttiat a serious fire occurred on Thursday at Mr P. Fitzpatrick's farm, Bengal, resulting in severe loss of property. A very aad death occurred in Geelong West on Saturday morning. Shortly before S o’clock I the deceased a parent, ware awakened by hear ,nB? acraim and. cry of "Mother, mother,”, : S n< ?'*s°“ adjoining room, in which) the alept. On proeeedipg to the fcedaida hie: mother mataptjy her arms, but while doing so.the deceased said 11 Mother, 1' am dying} good-bye,” and expired. Heart -disease is assumed to be the cause of death. The Gordon Aekertfsersays:— *• A well-known matron at Ormond, a Mrs' O'Keefe, received soma severe injuries on Wednesday last, when she encountered a pugnacious ram, who * batted ’ her so violently that serious results are feared." An Argtlt cable message reports;—“During the debate in tbe House of Commons on the Iriih Coorcion Bill introduced by the Govern ment, M* John Bright,’Ohafitelfor of the Duchy of Lancaster, made a great speech id support of the measure, in the eoufsa of which be denounced the Land League, and said thatita proceedings degraded Ireland, ffg touched on the proposed land legislation for Ireland, end hinted that the measure which it Was intended, to introduce Would be found efficacious. The debate haa been adjourned." fielative.to the recent railway accident, the Ape definitely says that "Newman, the driver of the grain train that rati ifltO' the passenger train at Beaufort, will be prosecuted ih thelaW courts' for neglect of duty.” The Herald of Saturday night says:—“There seems to bd some misapprehension as to the composition of the board appointed to enquire into the causes which led to the Beaufort disaster. It may bo stated that the enquiry ia simply a depart* mental one, and ita members are Mr Lunf, engineer far maintenance; Mr Cadnallader, inspector of traffic; and Mr Harrowio, loco motive foreman, Melbourne.” The annual mooting of subscribers to tha Ballarat Public Library will be Held at S p.m, on rehearsal of “ Pinafore" will be held this evening at the Academy of Music, at half-past 7; All performers should bo present. The Eight Hav. Bishop O’Connor being about to ICUvo Ballarat on’ a trip to Europe, Catholics are invited to meet this evening, as per advertisement, toarrange.for tha presentation of an address to his Lordship. 