RAILWAY communication between Albury and the metropolis is at length completed, and all the good or evil which is to follow the event will soon be realised. That the good will far outweigh the evil, we have always contended; and up to this date nothing has occurred to alter our conviction that Albury, and the district surrounding it, will in very few respects be worse off, and in many important respects will be better off, by the extension of the Great Southern Railway to the Murray. The one great source of danger in connection with the opening of a new line has in this instance been entirely eliminated. There has been no undue speculation on the faith of an extraordinary increase of local business to be caused by the railway, and consequently there has been no corresponding reaction involving ruin to the speculators and all who trusted them. Land has been forced up to no fictitiousvalue, and places of business have not been multiplied beyond the reasonable requirements of the town. The injury doue, therefore, may be summed up very briefly. It is probable that a certain proportion of the traffic in produce will be diverted from the town to different stations along the line of railway. This, however, if a loss to Albury, will be a gain to the district, inasmuch as the producers will have so much the less distance to carry their produce; and whatever tends to the benefit of the district as a whole can hardly fail to have a reflex action upon its commercial centre. There is only one other loss usually experienced by a provincial town on being connected by rail with the metropolis to which reference is necessary. With the opening of a railway to a large city there is always a certain inducement for country people to flock cityward upon holiday occasions, and spend the surplus cash that before was laid out exclusively with local tradesmen. This experience, however, - aud the loss connected therewith, have been fully realised here ever since the opening of the railway to Melbourne. All the harm that can be done in this rcspect has been done already, and it can make no difference to the business of the district whether our excursionists take their annual holiday on the shores of Hobson's Bay or Port Jackson. On the other hand, the benefits to be derived from the completion of the railway are great and direct. Local shopkeepers already find a dccidcd advantage in being connected with their own metropolis, as goods can now bo procured from Sydney actually sooner than from Melbourne, to say nothing of the trouble and expense connected with duties, drawbacks, and bond regulations, which have to bo borne in respect of all goods imported from Victoria. But the fanners— the mainstay of the district—will profit even more than any other class by the new outlet afforded for their produce. Already large quantities of flour have been forwarded by rail to Sydney, and there is no doubt that the traffic in both grain aud flour will henceforward besteadily increasing. The price of wheat, also, has been improved by the opening of the lastsectionto thcextentof at least 2d. per bushel, local millers and agents of Sydney buyers now offering 3s. 3d. per bushel. The full increase of price caused by the line as a whole is, however, much larger, as may very easily be shown. Hitherto the local market has been ruled by Melbourne priccs. This time last year M'heat was selling in Melbourne at -Is. 4d., and . the price in Albury being 33. 3d., or Is. Id. lower. Now the Melbourne quotation is 4s., and the Albury rate 3s. 3d., or only 9d. lower. What have we to thank for this? Assuredly not any reckless prodigality on the part of local millers, but the competition of Sydney buyers, for the first time encountered. It is sufficiently clear, then, that the farmer not only derives an immediate benefit from the opening of the railway, jbut that in future ho may safely count upon profiting to the fullest extent possible, by any improvement which takes place in the Sydney market; and we contend that this result alone is more ™ than enough to bear out the opinumsof those who see in the completion of the Great Southern line nothing but cause for congratulation. FBOM the report published in our last issue of the proceedings at the railway demonstration banquet, it will have been observed that tlie general harmony which prevailed up to a certain period was disturbed by a little unpleasantness in the shape of a passage-at-axms between the two Premiers towards the close of the banquet. For this unpleasantness it is only fair to say Sir HENBY PABKES was mainly responsible, and we make the admission only the more freely because neither Mr. BEKUY nor the policy he represents has ever received support at the hands of this journal. The substance of the squabble and its cause may be stated thus: In reply to the toast of " The Ministry and Parliament of Victoria," ' Mr. BEEEY made a lengthy speech, in the course of which ho thought fit to enter upon what may be termed a justification of the protectionist policy of Victoria. Whother it was necessary or even judicious to open up this question at such a time, need not here be considered ; nor is it worth while to discuss the points that Mr. BERBY advanced in favor of his theory that the present fiscal policy of Victoria is the only one adapted to the peculiar condition and circumstances of the colony. The point which appears to us ought to be kept in view is this. For the opinions which the Victorian Premier expressed, and for the arguments with which ho supported them, Mr. BERRY was responsible to the Parliament and people of Victoria rather than to Sir HENRY PARKES, and the latter therefore was in no way called upon to controvert even what he knew or believed to be a fallacy. Still less was he called upon to reply in a sharp, sarcastic, or discourteous manner. There was nothing whatever in Mr. BERRY'S speech calculated to give offence to this colony or her public men—both in fact were referred to in terms of eulogy—and the only offence that could be charged against Mr. BERRY was the introduction in his address of a possibly injudicious little bit of special pleading in favor of his pet political craze. But this, as we have endeavored to show, afforded no grounds for the rather fierce onslaught of Sir HENRY PABKES, who for the moment seemed entirely to forget that ho was not in the Assembly, replying to a leader of the Opposition—a position in which, of course, his remarks would have been appropriate. He forgot, also, that the < Victorian Ministers were in some sense the guests of the colony, and as such should have been safe from attack, even if they had advanced more extravagant propositions than can truthfully be laid to their charge. But the unfortunate Commissioner of Victorian Railways was hauled over the coals, jeered at, and in a general way made to feel as uncomfortable as possible on still slighter grounds. According to Sir HENRY PARKES, Mr. PATTERSON had " in childish simplicity'' said there were no manufactures in New South Wales, and had suggested the probability of large public meetings being called to clamor for railway extension in places where there was no population. In other words, Mr. PATTERSON was accused of displaying gross ignorance aud talking arrant nonsense, and held up to ridicule accordingly; when as a matter of fact there was not a syllable in his speech to warrant either charge. It is not to be wondered at that in the face of these unprovoked attacks, Mr. BERRY should have retorted somewhat sharply by a rap at the differential scalo of freight charges on the New South Wales railways, which certainly was not turned aside by Sir HENBY PARKES'S sarcastic rejoinder. On the whole the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales does not come too well out of the business, and whilst we regret that any unpleasantness, however trifling, should have occurred at a meeting •which more than any yet held ought to have tended to promote friendly feelings between the two colonies, we regret still more the discovery that the leading statesman of Australia is sadly deficient in a knowledge of the laws of hospitality and the ordinary amenities of social life. VERY little fault can be found with the clioice of the ratepayers in the late municipal elecUon. Mr. GEO. H. BILLSON has been placed, as we expected, at the top of the poll, and unless we are much mistaken, the selection of this gentleman will be fully justified by a three-years trial of his capacity. He may not be a particularly brilliant speaker, but for sound pommonsense to decide what is best for the municipality, and for staunch honesty of purpose in supporting what he believes to be the best policy, irrespective of party influence, he may be placed second to no member of the Council. In Mr. WALLDER, also, there is no reason to believe that the ratepayers have secured other than an able and conscientious representative. It appeared to us that Mr. G. CATTLIN, as an older resident of the town, had somewhat better claims to municipal honors, but in other respects the one has as good a right ty tho seat and is as likely to make a good'alderman as tho other. The most striking and most satisfactory feature of the election lies, however, undoubtedly in tho return of Mr. G. C. THOROLD. This gentlchas for a long time past been persistently and systematically misrepresented and maligned, and his return second on the poll may be accepted as sufficient evidence of tho fact that misrepresentation and malignity will henceforward no longer prevail against him, but that the ratepayers will judge him on his merits. Unless we are much mistaken, Mr. THOBOLD desires no greater favor; and as a public man he can indeed very well afford to stand or fell by an impartial judgment of his acts. iHe may have made blunders; ho may at times have been deserted by that delightful placidity of temper with which a public man—more especially an alderman—should be enveloped as with a garment; but taking him on the whole it is no flattery to say that Mr. THOROLD, in regard to every public body with which he has been connected, has worked zealously and intelligently, to tho neglect sometimes, it is to be feared, of his own private and personal interests. In the choice of chairman for the year the aldermen have been fortunate, Mr. Alderman EMERSON having already given sufficient proof of his will and ability to represent the interests of tho town effectively and with dignity. Now lliat the Great Southern Railroad is complete, it is time to direct attention to the subject of the branch railways, tho construction of which is necessary in order to open up tho outlying districts, aud supply tho largest possible amount of traffic for the main trunk line. We have already shown that tho connection of the township of Germantou with, tho railway is fully justified by the nature of the country intervening between Culcairn and the Ten-mile Creek, and by the large number of producers that would bo served; and wo now take the opportunity of pointing out that equally cogent reasons exist for the extension of the railway system to the large agricultural district of Goombargana. At present tho farmers of this district find the only outlet for their produce in Corowa, which is tapped by a branch of tho North-Eastern Railway of Victoria; but with a branch of the Southern lino extended to the neighborhood, there is no doubt that all the grain there produced would find its way to Sydney. Tho line, some four-and-twenty miles in length, would be inexpensive and easy of construction. Starting from Culcairn on the south side of tlie creek, to avoid the cost of a second bridge, it would bear in a south-westerly direction for about ten miles, when it would strike the largo German settlement at Walla Walla. Thence it would trend almost duo west through the parishes of Hindmarsh and Piney Range to its destination, tapping several important agricultural centres en route. From beginning to end the course indicated presents no engineering difficulty, and the cost of a railroad or tramway would very little exceed that of an ordinary macadamized thoroughfare, whilst the traffic would help materially to swell the receipts of the main line. We are not advocates of indiscriminate railway construction, being well aware that in many instances branch lines have been made the receipts from which are never likely to pay for the cost of greasing the truck wheels. The Goombargapa line, however, is not of these. It would bo a feeder, not a sucker. MB. HOSE'S SALE.—Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. will continue the sale of Mr. Rose's furniture this day (Friday). CRICKET: ALBURY V. BEECHWORTH.—A match will be played on the Beechworth ground to-day between the fust elevens of Albury and Beechworth. FLOUR FOR SYDNEY.^-Thc first Io^d sent away from the Albury terminus after thSnfopening ofthe railway included a consignment of flour for Sydney from the mill of Messrs. Edwards and Co., of Howlong. . THE WEATHER.—The weather during the past week has again been intensely hot. The ground, however, got such a thorough soaking with last week's rain that vegetation of all kinds has rather been forced than checked by the heat. A NEW RUSH.—A gold discovery said to be of considerable importance is reported to have been made near Mount Poole, in the neighbourhood of Wilcannia. The sinking is shallow, and a telegram to hand on Thursday states that one party were making £20 per day. SCHOOL BOARD OP ADVICE—We learn from the Victorian Government Gazette that Mr. Richard Marutn has been appointed a member of the Board of Advice for the school district of the South-East Riding of the Shire of Yackandandah. STOCK CROSSINGS.—On Friday, the 4th inet., 1570 sheep crossed the Murray at Wabgunj'ah from Mulwala, for Mr. J. L. Brown, of Gooramadda. During the year the stock crossings at Wahgunyah have been as follows :—Cattle, 3765; sheep, 85,921; horses, 30. GERMANTON ANNUAL RACES.—The annual races at Germanton will be held on Thursday, April 7th, and Friday, April Sth. Nominations for the principal handicaps must be forwarded not later than Tuesday, 15th March; weights will be declared on March 26th. The full programme appears in our advertising columns. FARMERS' MEETING AT BARANDUDA.—We notice that a meeting of farmers will be held this evening at the residence of Mr. H. Sommer, Baranduda, in connection with the movement for abolishing the close season for hares. The advertisement announcing the meeting should have appeared last week, but was overlooked. THE MELBOURNE TRAIN.—Passengers for Melbourne will do well to remember that since the opening of the Great Southern Railway to Albury an important alteration has taken place in the running of trains from Wodonga to Melbourne. Instead of the train leaving Wodonga at 4 p.m. as formerly, it starts now at 2.30 p.m., reashing Melbourne at 10.5 p.m. THE RAINFALL AT MULWALA,—We are indebted to Mr. W. Sloaue, jun., of Mulwala, for the following particulars of the local rainfall:— The rainfall at Mulwala for the past month has been 0*24in. against 0'87in. lor the same period in 1880, 0-3 in 1879,0-00 in 1878, 0 52 in 1877, 0'39 in 1876 ; being an average of 0'39 for the last 6ix years. THE ELECTION OF MAYOR.—A full meeting of the Council was held on Wednesday, at noon, for the purpose of electing a mayor for the ensuing year. The aldermen nominated were Messrs. Gulson, Lamport, aud Emerson. The nomination of Alderman Gulson was not seconded, and on the names of the other two candidates being submitted to the vote, Alderman Emerson was elected. JINJELLIC TINMINING COMPANY.—The halfyearly meeting of the Jinjellic Tin-lodes Mining Company was held last week at Scott's Hotel, Melbourne. Mr. J. Vasey occupied the chair. The report and balance-sheet presented showed the affairs of the company to be in a satisfactory condition, and were received and adopted. Votes of thanks were passed to the officebearers, and the meeting closed. REV. PETER CAMPBELL.—The Rev. Peter Campbell, well known as a voluntary undenominational and itinerating town and country missionary throughout five of the Australian colonies, preached in the forenoon of Sunday, the 30th ult., in the Presbyterian Church, Germauton ; the subject being " The power, comfort, and consolation of Christianity." The missionary goes next to Hay, via the Yanko and other stations. THE TUMBARUMBA COMMON.—The following letter has been addressed to Mr. Levin, M.L.A.: —"Stock Branch, Department of Mines, Sydney, 1st February, 1881. Sir,—I am directed by the Secretary for Mines to acknowledge the receipt of Mr. E. H. Jacob's communication of the 24th ultimo, submitting the names of five gentlemen for appointment as trustees of the Tumbarumba Common, which will receive early attention.—I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant, ALEX. BRUCE, Chief Inspector of Stock." CHEAr EXCURSION TO MELBOURNE.—On Friday next, the 18th inst, a cheap excursion train will run from Wodonga to Melbourne. The fares will be lis. 9d. for adults and 5s. lid. for children under 12. The tickets will be available l'or return up to the night of the 24th. They are now on sale at the Wodonga station, and intending passengers will do well to obtain them in time, as none will be sold after 12 noou on Wednesday. The precise hour of starting is not yet fixed, but will in all probability be made known in a day cr two. COUNCIL MEETING.—The first regular fortnightly meeting of the new Council took place on Wednesdayevening, all the members being present, and the Mayor occupying the chair. The business disposed ot was lor the most part of a formal routine character, including the appointment of committees, &c.;, for the ensuing year. Alderman Downie succeeds Alderman GuLura/in the office of treasurer. A notice of motion was giveu for calling tenders for lighting the town lamps, aud for the insertion in the contract of a clause placing the lighting under the supervision of the Inspector of Nuisances, the Council reserving the right to fine the contractor for every neglect of duty. Notice was also given of a motion for instructing Mr. Johnson, the architect, to proceed at once with the working plans of the new town-Hall. DEATH IN THE BUSH.—Last week we published a telegram from a Germanton correspondent with reference to the disappearance of a little child named Alexander Guillan, and the efforts made by the local residents to discover its whereabouts. We have since ascertained that the remains of the unfortunate little one were discovered on Monday last, floating in a small waterholc three or four miles from the spot where it had last been seen alive. The greatest possible credit is due to the people of the locality who turned out in large numbers day after day to renew the search, even after all chance ot finding the child alive seemed hopeless. The remains were found on the seventh day of the search by Senior-sergeant Coveuey, who was in command of one of the search parties, and who, being thirsty, went down to drink at the waterhole where the body was floating. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—The polling for the election of three aldermen took place at the court-house on Saturday last, commencing at 8 a.ui. and closing at 3 p.m. Mr. W. E. Lamport acted as returning-oflicer, and Mr. J. H. Paine as poll-clerk. For the first hour only a small number of votes were recorded, but soon after nine the ratepayers began to turn up in greater force, and from thence until 2 o'clock the stream of voters was continuous. A larger amount of interest was displayed in this contest than has been shown at any election for some years past. At noon on Monday Mr. Lamport attended at the courthouse, and formally declared the result of the polling, which ended in the election of Messrs. Billson, Thorold. and Wallder. The newlyelected aldermen returned thanks for their election, and two of the deleated candidates also thanked their respective supporters for their votes. A fuller report of the proceedings will be found in another column. BUSH-FIRES.—In a report of the extensive bush-fires in the neighborhood of Gerogery published in this journal, we omitted to mention that the Round Hill station had also suffered. When the large fire caused by the Government railway engine took place at Gerogery on 30th and 31st December, it spread to Round Hill and destroyed about 5000 acres of splendid grass, besides burning three miles of fencing, before it could be stopped. Another large fire broke out on Round Hill on the 26th January, by which 4000 acres of grass were burned and six miles of fencing. There appears, unfortunately, to be no doubt that this fire was the work of au incendiary, as a brush fence had been set light to in a number of place3 for a distance of five miles on the night of the 25th. This was discovered early on the morning of the 26th, but not early enough to prevent the stoppage of the fire until the damage above-mentioned had bean effected. It is to be hoped some effort will be made to secure the apprehension of the incendiary. ROYAL ENGLISH AND COMIC OPERA COMPANY. —A pressure on the space available in our last issue prevented us from doing justice to the performance of this company during their brief stay in Albury. The company appeared at the Exchange Theatre for two nights only, and on both occasions were greeted with crowded hou?es. The opera chosen for the first night was Wallace's ever popular " Maritana," the music of which we never heard more faithfully represented. On the following niszht equal success attended the production of Offcnbach's comic opera " The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein." Bath operas were giveu in their entiretv, aud the costumes were most handsome and effective. A strong desire was expressed by many lovers of good music that the company would remain for a third performance, but compliance with this request would have involved a breach of faith with audiences in other towns, and so had to be refused. We are glad, however, to learn that the company purpose revisiting Albury at the date of the annual races, when they will perform " H.M.S. Pinafore." THE JUNCTION OF THE Two RAILWAY SYS- TEMS.—The following extract from a Melbourne journal will be of considerable interest to readers at Albury and Wodonga:—The visit of the Minister of Railways to Albury has resulted in a determination on his part to proceed at once with the construction of the remainder of the North-Eastern line, from Wodonga to the southern bank of the Murray, a distance of about three miles. In the general Railway Construction Bill a sum of £23,000 was set aside for this purpose, and this is now to be utilised. At the banquet at Albury Sir Henry Parkes twitted the Victorian Government with their want of enterprise, and jestingly asserted that New South Wales would complete the line to the northern side of the Murray before Victoria had made a start on the southern side. Immediately on his return to town Mr. Patterson gave instructions for the preliminary work of preparing plans and specifications to be proceeded with at once. As soon as these are sulliciently advanced tenders will be called for. In the meantime the Governments of the two colonies should come to some definite arrangement with respect to the bridge which will be required across the Murray. COMMANDED TO MARRY.—It will be remembered that some little excitement was caused recently in Victoria by the discovery of the fact that the marriage rate in that colony was considerably behind that of the other Australian colonies. It would now appear that the Education Department of New South Wales is determined that so far as this colony is concerned, the same reproach shall not apply—if the departmental authorities can prevent it. A short time since a letter was written by a resident of a township not 100 miles from Albury to the Minister of Education, pointing out that it would be of advantage to have a married teacher in the local school, The following reply was received :—" Department of Public Instruction, Sydney, 1st February, 1881\. Sir,—Referring to your letter of 14th ultimo, urging the necessity for a female teacher at the Public School at I am directed to acquaint you that the present teacher, Mr* has been informed that it he fail to marry within a reasonable time, he will be removed in order that a married teacher may be appointed to the school.—I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant, W. WILKINS, Under Secretary." ALBURY RACES.—Theprogramme ofthe Albury Racing Club has been put forward with a despatch that augurs well for the future management and prosperity of the club and its meetings. The date of the races has been fixed for Thursday and Friday, 31st March and 1st April. The first day s sport opens with a Maiden Plate of 40 sovs., 1 i mile and a distance. Next comes a Handicap Hurdle Race of 30 sovs., 2 miles, over such leaps as may be appointed. We have then the grand event of the meeting—the Albury Racing Club Handicap of 80 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. each lor starters, to go the second horse ; mile and a distance. The other races are a Selling Race of 30 sovs., weight for age, with the usual selling allowances; Telegraph Stakes (handicap) of 2o sovs., £ of a mile ; and a Selling Hack Race of 10 sovs., once round. The second day's sport opens with the Ladies' Purse of 25 sovs., one mile, welter weights for age. This is succeeded by the Grand Stand Handicap of 50 sovs., with a svveep of of 1 sov., to go to the second horse ; mile aud a distance. There is next a Steeplechase of 40 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. for the second horse. The remaining races are as follow :— Flying Handicap of 30 sovs., 1 mile ; Prince of Wales Stakes (a selling race) of 15 sovs., mile ; and the Consolation of 25 sovs., for all beaten horses, once round the course. Nominations for the two priucipal handicaps mustbemadeon or before 2nd March ; weights will be declared on the 12th of the same month, and acceptances must be in on 21st. For the Hurdle race and Steeplechase, the nominations must be in by 21st March. All other information with regard to the conditions of the several events, and the rules and regulations of the meeting, will be found in our advertising columns. DAMAGE BY HARES.—A meeting of farmers was held recentlv at the residence of Mr. Hermann Sommer, Baranduda. The object of the meeting was to consider what steps should be taken to secure the abolition of the close season for hares. Mr. Charles Star occupied the chair, and spoke at some length and with considerable lorce as to the necessity of some action being decided upon. His orchard and garden had been greatly damaged by hares, and but for the greatest watchfulness on his part would have been destroyed altogether. As it was, the fruit had been eateu by the hares, and several of the trees were killed. Mr. Charles Hopgood spoke to much the same purpose as the chairmau. At his farm the hares were so numerous and so destructive that after reaping and threshing the crop from five acres of wheat, he obtained only two bags ol grain. To show the numbers in which the hares were present, he slid that the droppings of the animals lay as thick on the ground as if it had been a sheep cam]). Mr. R. Chesney stated that his garden of three acres bad been nearly all destroyed by the hares, which devoured everything that had a green leaf. Several other farmers present detailed similar experiences, and it was unanimously decided that immediate steps should be taken to reduce the numbers (if the enemy, and the same resolution recorded a disapproval ot the action of those gentlemen who hod imported the hares and set them at large. It was proposed by Mr. Hermann Sommer, and seconded by Mr. R. Chesney, that a petition should be drawn out and signed at the next meeting by a'l farmers interested in the matter, to request the Government to abolish the close sesson for hares, and to take the best and speediest steps to destroy them. It was fuither proposed by Mr. Charles Star, and seconded by Mr. Heckendorf, that another meeting should be held at Mr. Hermann Sommer's on Saturday, 12th February inst., to take steps to form a Farmers' Union. A vote of thanks was given to the chairman, and the meeting closed. TENDERS ACCEPTED.—Tenders have been accepted for various Government road works in the district as iollows :—E. A. Roe, erection of lock-up at Jerilderie ; W. Hardyiuau, contract II, road Wagga Wagga to Urana; M'Dermott and Beazley, contract II, Jingellick 6iding, road Twelve-mile Creek to Welaregaug; Cummiugs and Fitzgerald, contract 2r, Jingellick tiding, road Twelve-mile creek to Welaregaug. SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court, on Tues- day last, the following cases were dealt with :— P. Kelly v. Swanson ; claim for £l 10s.; verdict for plaintiff. G. Adams v. Professor Scott; claim for £ 7 10s. for work aud labor done; verdict for amount claimed and costs. Devine v. Mullavey ; claim for ,£10 for trespass. Mr. Nagle for plaintiff ; Mr. Emerson lor defendant. Ed ward Devine, a farmer residing at Wyndham, deposed to>defendant's cattle having at various times trespassed on his property ; witness produced memoranda showing the different dates of trespass, and also deposed to defendant's having cut down two rails on a fence ; witness valued the two rails at 25s., as it had taken him a whole day to get them from Mr. Daly's paddock at Mountain Creek. Mrs. Devine also gave evidence of the trespass, and deposed to having seen defendant cutting down the rails referred to ; it was only the slip-rails that defendant cut down. Henrv Thomson also gave evidence for the plaintiff. For the defence, Patrick Mullavey admitted the trespass and paid 5s. into court, slating that no greater amount of damage could have been done to the small area of land trespassed upon. J. C. Crominelin, Inspector of Stock, gave evidence as to the value of the land for grazing purposes ; he would not give 5s. per annum for it; it was a very small piece, not much bigger than the court-bouse ; the fence referred to — was -— on — p public laud. •*- Patrick aKytt^a. Connolly v.ujiuuiiy denosed deposed to liavinrr having lippn been in Mullavey's M'nllaxmu'o employ on I 16 th January; the ground referred to was then covered with thistles; Mullavey tried to keep the cattle off the land. After some further evidence had been taken, judgment was given for the amount paid into court. J. Mullarky v. D. M'Darra; claim for £3 16s. lid.; verdict for amount. Lawrence Doyle v. James Davis ; claim for £1 8s. under agreement; dismissed. A. E. Heath v. Mrs. M'Credy; claim for M Os. 9d., goods sold; verdict for plaintiff. GOLD NEAR BROOKONG.—The discovery of gold in alluvial ground in the neighborhood of Brookong is reported by a Wagga Wagga paper. Our contemporary says":—" There was yesterday on view at Mr. Hunter's a nice parcel of about lOdwts. of shotty gold, obtained from a place near the ' Four Corners,' at the boundarybetween the Mittagong and Brookong runs, the locality being not far from where there was a small rush about ten years ago." FIRE AT WANGARATTA.—A newly-erected scboolhouse at North Wangaratta was entirely destroyed by fire on Monday ni"ht "The building had only just been completed by the contractor, and was in the course of the week to have been passed by the inspector. As it is, the loss will fall entirely on the conti actor. There is some reason to suppose that the tire was caused by an incendiary. WAGGA WAGGA.—Mr. H. B. Fitzhardinge has been for the third time elected Mayor of Wagga Wagga. RAILWAY RATER ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCE. —In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Myers intends to move—1. That, in the opinion of this House, the present railway charges on certain produce should be reduced as follows :—Hay and straw (pressed), Id. per ton per mile, in quantities of not less than 2 tons ; chiff in bag or bales, Id. per ton per mile, in quantities of not less than 2 tons ; grain, flour, bran, and pollard, Id. per ton per mile ; potatoes, |d. per ton per mile ; lime 1 jd. per ton per mile, in 4-ton lots ; limestone Id. per ton per mile, in 4-ton lots; farmers' bags (in bales), 3d. per ton per mile ; poultry, 5d. per ton per mile. 2. That the foregoiug resolution be communicated by address to his Excellency the Governor. He has also given notice that on Tuesday, February 22nd, he will move—1. That, in the opinion of this House, the railway rates on colonial produce are excessive and unequal, and should be reduced. 2. That the foregoing resolution be communicated by address to his Excellency the Governor. HOWLONG RACES.—The Howlong annual racemeeting will take place on Momhy, 14th March. TUMBARUMBA RACES.—The 17th March has been fixed as the date of the aunual races at Tum- barumba. Nominations for the Handicap of 50 sovs. must be forwarded on or before Thursday, 3rd March. WILSON SCHOOLHOUSE.—A ball will be held at the scboolhouse, Wilson, on Friday next. The proceeds of the ball will be devoted to defraying the present debt on the building, and it is hop?d that there will be a large attendance on the occasion. Little Bill&bONG; RACES.—The annual races ofthe Little Billabong Turf Club will be heid on Wednesday, 13th April. An excellent programme bas we understand, been prepared, and will be duly advertised in our next issue. TOMBARUMBA.—Tenders are invited in the last issue of the Government Gazette from persons willing to rent to the Government a convenientlysituated building of five or six renins, for the purposes of a post and telegraph office at Tumbarumba. Tenders must be iu by 2nd March. DENTISTRY.—Mr. De Saxe pays his usual monthly visit to Albury on Friday next, the 18th inst. Mr. Geo. R. Hall will also visit Albury on the same day, aud may be consulted at the Exchange Hotel. To CORRESPONDENTS.—Several letters to hand this week we are unable to insert, as they contain matter that is decidedly libellous. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient impo-tance to require particular mention:—Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. will sell this day (Saturday), 6 waggon horses, with waggon and harness; on Wednesday next, the 16th inst., Mr. S. C. V. North will fsell at Day's Commercial Buildings a number of valuable allotments of land in the town of Albury, the propertv of the late Mr. Paukhurst; Messrs. C. L. Griffiths and Co. will sell tliis day, at Bowna, Mr. Porteous's farm of 325 acres at Cutnbcroona ; plans are wauted for cottage hospital at Urana ; a ball will be held at the school house, Wilson, on Friday next; marc lost from Cookardinia ; horse lost from Gerogery ; A. Corbett will not be answerable for unauthorised debts; annual meeting Riverina Pastoral Society 21st at Jerilderie ; farm to let near Rat's Castle; tenders wanted to supply hay ; Messrs. "W. C. Steel and Co. will sell at the Globe, on 26th inst., 317 acres of land at Beethang ; £50 reward is offered for conviction of incendiary who fired the Round Hill fences ; Mr. L. Iverson, professor of music, is about to commence practice in Albury ; fencers wanted ; races at Brocklesby on Easter Monday ; draught colt for sale, also bill 1 by Lord Claro ; sheep strayed into Bonegill a paddocks ; Mr. Solomon will hold a sale of furniture on Wednesday ; Mr. L. Solomon will sell a 240-acre farm at Brown's Springs on the 16th inst; Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co. hold their usual sale of stock on Wednesday ; Messrs. F. and A. Piggiu will sell Dr. Harricks's furniture at Corowa on Tuesday, 22nd inst; meeting ot Urana Selectors' Association on Monday, 7ih March ; Messrs. W. C. Steal and Co. hold sale of fat 6tock on Wednesday; levelling staff lost ; Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. will sell coach and horses, this day (Saturday) ; trespassers on Cromer are are cautioned cauaonea ; ; subscription-list in aid of J. Mohr to date published. 