S News and Notes. ) The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu S is giving his charming drawingroom ( eulertaiument at St, George's Hall ) nigbtlyf, assisted., by his daughter, Miss ) Daisy Sil vester,', M isa Emelier . Reau- 1 m out, and Madame Silvester, aiso mr ) Lncie (ventriloquist) and MrJ. Sum- j mere Brown. The entertainment is U" highly spoken of by all who have / witnessed it, the entranced, ady:(Mies Daisy Silvester the vebtriloquial efforts ofi Mr Lacie, the witticisms ,"of: ) the Fakir, and above all. the beautiful i fairy fountain, elicit universal admi ration. » Mr W. B. Furlong notifies that . he has removed his mssic studio to those handsome premises situate near I Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where . there is a large hall and every con venience for students of the vocal | art. American Waltham Watches were awarded the Only Two ;First Prizes at the Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher awards than any other Exhibitor of Watches received. The beet Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled 1 1 Milk, 2d. 12& and 126 Bourke street, i opposite Waxworks, We feel it our duty to call attention to the New Davis Vertical Feed I Sewing Machine, which has carried . off the only first prize at the Mel- ' bourne International Exhibition. | Some of. the competitors, however, were not satisfied with the awards, ' and protested. The Experts, how- ) ever, upheld the decision, and gave i the first prize for' their Family Ma- ' ' chine and the same for Hand. Messrs I v W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth , street, are the sole agents; and in- 1 ' tending purchasers and those interest- i ed would do well to call and . inspect these singularly-successful machines. We have received from Mr P. G, Dixon samples of sodawater made , from water specially brought from Mount Macedon, . The sodawater is excellent, and is of course free from , that nauseating taste sb clearly dis- cernable in sodawater or other cordials ' made from the filthy Yan Yean. We s have.-.also received from Mr Dixon a sample of tbeMount (Macedon ' water, S whiclf it is quite a treSt to drink, after \- having for some time to put, up with the beastly stuff, supplied , by the Public Works Department. Gem Portraits.— The yonng lady ' who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the \ remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- ( prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- . street east, opposite Ago Office, has since recognised the portrait , as one that was taken at his studio 'about a / month ago. . A very pleasing novelty was intro duced by Mr Alfred Farr, of the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hilj, on Saturday last, .in, the shape oli! ih Speal Show, which attracted anVitnmeqse amount of at tention. Crbysrd8 of ;', people' wended their way to ' the Drapery Hall, and all "seemed well pleased with , their ;visit, As the establishment was well patronised during the day, and quite full all the evening, the proprietor i must have been highly gratified with the result. We understand that a ' repetition of the above is to take » place next Saturday, May 7 th, when if any of our friends wish to see a ' splendid display of drapery, in. all I its .variety of . styles, marked at what appeared to us as ridiculously Tow ' prices, we think they cannot do bet- i ter than take a walk as far as the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, 1 Emerald Hill. i We have received, a sainple of. a new non-alcohic beverage,", entitled 1 "Vigorene," from Mr E, Rowlands, i cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re- 1 commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage, It shorild prove a very desideratum to . the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street, They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot, Matrimony. — Never wero such ureat advantages held out to .young people t» marry as the present. A Mmforfcable house may be furnished . f:>r you, with every requisite to.-make' I home happy, by simply c,allingj;tiori Mr '.Henry Mark's, , of ' i 86; Eli zabcth street, who will ariange with yoif 1 to pay him say five shillings per.wcek . out of your earnings, and lie will give 1 you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? Go and pee Mr H; Marks and get married at once, Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, 'published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of. prizes,. from £1000 dpwn i i.o £20.in,valuei: Speculators caijabt do better than invest in this legitimate affair. ( A" Fortune for Ten Shillings. — . We would direct the attention of our ' readers, to the valuable prizes offered ( by the Saudiiursl Masonic Art IJtijibn, . . the drawing for whibh is; positircly ' fixed for tlic 31st inst, ; Theblisfied ( .list of gentlemen who hiive kindly . consented to superintend the drawing ' isa sufficient guarantee to the public ( that everything will be carried out on . the great Masonic Principle — " on the \ square." To thoBe who believe in the ( old proverb— Nothing venture no- , thing have— should lose no time in ' securing their tickets, whieh may. bp / had at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bonrke-stxeet east. . ; j - ( 