FOREST RESERVATIONS. -,-r--^, TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR,-I had ocoasion a few days ago to make a short excursion into the bush, to obtain specimens of a rare fern (Cyathea medullaris) for a gentleman who recently visited Circular Head. Circumstances connected with the growth and habits of this fern, and some reflections I had while procuring it, have induced me to write a letter to you, which I should be glad if you would publish in The Mercury, and give whatever prominence to the subject you think it demands. The Cyathea medullaris, so far aa I know, is con- fined to a few individual specimens, occupyiug a very limited area near the farm of Mr. S. B. Emmett, of the South road, some nine miles distant from this place. Rumours of other specimens, occurring in isolated spots in tho bush, have reached me from time to time ; but the observers probably confounded this fern with a slender variety of Alsophylla Australis, which is moderately common. I have never seen any Cyatheas except in the par- ticular spot indicated, although I have always kept a sharp look out for them For those who are not acquainted with the Cyathea medullaris, a short description may be given. Ita aspect is quita pahn-hke, and it ia certainly tho most striking and tropical-looking of all Tasmanian ferns. Tho ono from which I ob- tained specimens stands undor a denso canopy of Fagus CunniiKjham't, lifting ita graceful hoad 34ft. from tho ground, whilo the diameter of tho trunk in no place exceeds 5in. Tho fronds themselves aro from 14ft. to 10ft. long, and about 2ft. Oin, across in their widest part. This is positively tho only Bp.cci mon of a well grown Cyathea with which I am ' acquainted throughout tho entire colony. Last year a magnificent follow was burnt down, whoso prostrate trunk now mea8ures 45ft. in length and Oin. in diameter, and thero aro a few young plants springing up in tho vicinity. Now, tho queaton occurred to mo at the time, and has been scarcely ou,t of my mind since, ought not a botanjpal rarity I'ko this to bo preserved ? The epot whero thpso Cyaih,eas grow lies betwoen Mr. Kmmctt's farm and another clearing, a little to tlio S.W., aud is not moro than, say, a oouplo of hundred yards across ; and I may mention that in this limited area I gathered 23 distinct speoies of ferns, some of thom quito now to me, a feat I never accomplished before in ono spot. Tho grouud is Hablo at any time during Bummer to be swept by a bush-fire and loft uucarad far : is sure, sooner or later, to ho shorn of ita vegotablo splendours. Baron "Von Mueller, who visited Mr. Emmett a year or two back, told bim that tho Cyathea medullaris waa common in New Zealand, mid ho had heard from surveyors of ona or two solitary specimenahaviug been Been near Capo Otway, hut bo could riqt Bpoak from actual knowledge. T,'here aro at present, unhappily, not many ardent lovers of botany, or any of the natural 'sciences, iu Tas- mania ; but ns tijp country gets moro settled their number is sure to morcaso, apd a, futuro generation might havo a grateful recollection of those who had beep instrumental in spnriug these beautiful ferns ; and Tasihanian botanists would surely rejoieo that sucha "thing ofboanty" aB the Cyathea medullaris could be a proscut "joy for over," and they had not to travel a thousand miles to Beo it. I would therefore earnestly suggest to thoso our legislators-whoso business it is to.consider Buch mattera, that something be dono in the way of making reservations in these boautifml virgin foresta.' Tho Tasmanian forçat scenery, which is almost tropical in character, baa been the wonder and admiration of some of the greatest living botanists, including Darwin, lIonh.cvl and Yon Mitellor,1 and their oxtent ia ia,- moro limited, than ia usually supposed \ once destroyed they can never bo ropla.çe(\\. iloseryatiôna' might be mado judi- ciously, with th'o help of looal aurvoyors andothora, BO that' tho agricultural interests of any district need not bo intcifered with ; and much of tho most beautiful and variçd forest ^ipuutvy occurs in deop gull'cs, and ;ii ground unfit for agricultural pur- pose;. I advocate a step in this direction on purely ¡esthetic grounds, but there] are other important rcnsoiis against tho indiscriminate destruction of forests, whieli may havo moro weight with our brother colonists at present. It ia a well-known fact that tho wholesale removal of the timbor aorlously affects tho rainfall of any country. TIIÍB has been found out to thciroost, hytho farmers in the Atlantic States of America, and o1s whero, and it takes somo considerable outlay, and a generation or two to remedy the evil. Wo atCircular Head havo sad e:;pa^ien^o oyory day of the effect of ruthlessly outtuig down all, tho trees. Fierce winds fiom all quarters destroy cyerything, and otton. I durinf» tho hot summer months, when a shower of I rain would be refreshing to nnimoJI and plant life, we are tautiilised by the fall of a levy drops, and seo tho heavy clouds following tho lion of timber to tho 1 BQpthwurd, and depositing copious showers. Tho I farmers eay they ". cannot grow tl\o oropa on tho l 'groen hills* they used to grow," Porhapa tho almost entire ahaoueo of summer rain has some- thing to da with this, and it is only a question of l timo and this state of tilinga will bocomo general, ¡If loft opeu to free soleotion, tho country lying botween the coast and the River Arthur, now i clothed with a denso forest, will bo us baro sa tho Sussex Downa, Then, nias for tho beautiful troes and forns that now ohnrm tho oyo of a lovor of nature, a withored "brackon" may bp nil that*«-. mains ! America has taken time, by tho forelock, and, with generous foresight, has rosorved immonao'aroas ia. the Skates and territories aa public property for ovor. Their " Wonderland " on tho Uppor Y°"QB'' stone, tho Yosemite Falls, and these unique repre- sentatives of bygono agos, tlio gifiantio Seipwk of Mariposa county, will nover be profaned by axu or oloaving. $vcn Victoria ia getting wisdom from oxporienoc, and has inado large forçât reservations, Why should wo, in Tasmania, bo behindhand \ Thoro nro many beautiful apo,t8 that might be pro served from all molestation, at littlo cost j the ontire area of ground ooenpied by theso GyathcQs and othor ferne is not worth £3. , Pray, sir, excuse a long lottor. I have felt deeply on this matter, aud think that no time should be lost, and that future generations might ' inherit many puro pleasures and advantages from a little judicious aotiou taken at onoo. Thoo must be my excusos for troubling you. Allow me to conolude | with an 'oxtraot from a paper by the Kov. J. E. ToniBon-Wooda, F.L.S.,, reed bofore the Royal Society of Now South Wales, entitled ,lThe Tasmanian Forests: TheU; BóUny and Eoonomio Value," winch, bears upon this sub- | joot \\-'"Che only way" to prevent'the wholesale destruction of the timber will be by proclaiming reserves or State forests, as they heve done in Vic toria. This ie'whet tho sawyers and splitters are oryiug outfor.jbut «jet without effect,..,;.I .do i"«t uHderttlie tofrbnoajaqe »¿\ opinion,«».»: question whiqh.iney hkve'^ÜW;oÄUie» nflnyMfebb fey ratFbus ii'^oW'ÄÄr ahMeaïbwfy to allow selectors to soltlo on land of great value as a timber forest, but useless for agriculture, until the, whole of tho valuable timbor is ruthlessly do strayed. It sooms to mo that as long as any avail- able land can be obtainod free from timber, or with timber of littlo valuo upon it, no Beleotor should bo allowod to destroy the forests. Tho matter is one which the Legislature Bhould deal with promptly, or tho forçats of Tasmania, peerless and priceless as thoy once wero, will soon bo things of tho past." Yours, otc, HENRY D. ATKINSON. Parsonage, Ciroular Head, Alay 23. [Tho subject deserves tho attontiou of our Royal Society.-ED. ii.] 