Wednesday, Oot. 2a (Before Mr. Love, P.M.) ?- ALLEGED RIOTOUS CONDUCT. Patrick. Quigley, of the. Bailway Hotel, was charged with being guilty of riotous conduot at his lioensed house on the 24th instant. Mr. Perkins appeared for the complainant, and Mr. O'Byan for the defendant, who pleaded not guilty. William Foster Howitson deposed : On Mon day night I was at defendant's hotel ; between y ana 1U o clock an old man came in ; he was very drunk ; he took off his coat and wanted to fight with anothor man ; defendant got over the bar and put him out ; defendant did not take a revolver; there was not a scuffle. Case dismissed. The Jubjmee was commenced in St. Patriok's Church, Gundagai, on Wednesday evening last, and will conclude at the 11 o'clook mass on next Sunday. The religious exercises are being conducted by tho Bev. H. M. Finnegau, Bev. O. Twomey, and Bev. J. J..Ourley. The open ing sermon, explanatory of the jubilee, was preached by Father Curley before a crowded congregation. w The Burrangohg Argut (Young) states that that town is to be at once proclaimed an assize town, and that a new oourt-house, to ooBt £7500, ia to be ereoted. Few of our readers ever give a thought of the cost to us of the telegrams whieh we publish for their intelleotual benefit. If they would quietly take the trouble to count tho number of words they would soon convince - themselves that our telograms are an oxpenBive item to us. Take for instance our tolegramBin thisiBsuo, and give us credit for good intentions. We should not havo alluded to this matter at all, had we not heard that somo folks wore under tho impression that telograms were sent to newspapers free. The programme to be presented by the Gundagai Amateur Dramatio Club at their next performance, which will take place on the 9th Novombor (Prince of Wales' birthday), will bo found in another column. Tho 'bill' is a very attractive one, and ought to secure a large attendanco. The Bazaar in aid of the Church of England church funds in this town was continued on Tuesday last, and was well attended throughout the day, but more especially in the .evoning, when tho Assembly Hall was crowded almost to suffocation. In addition to the town stall, presided over by Mrs. Williams, assisted by Mrs. Allman, Mrs. Phillips, Misses Benton, Miss Phillips, Miss Fry, Miss.M. Jonkins, Miss Hubbard, Miss Lorontzen, and Miss F. Mar shall ; the country stall presided over by Mrs. Robinson, of Kimo, assisted by Misses Bobinson, Miss Wood, and Miss Young ; the refreshment stall presided over by Mrs. Mason, assisted by. Miss Bauer ; and the flower stall presided over by Miss Emily Benton, whioh were mentioned in our last issue ; there was a post-offloe, whioh during the evening was in charge of Mr. Kinnings. Amongst the decorations were two scrolls with the legends ' Welcome ' and 'Church of England Bazaar' respectively worked on them with leaves and Sowers. The total amount realised was £170— a result that - cannot bo regarded as otherwise than eminently satisfactory. The debt on the vicarage is now not only - cleared off, but thero is a handsome balance, whioh will be applied in aid of the funds that are being raised for the building of a parochial schoolhouse. A rumour was current in Gundagai oil Mon day evening that Mr. Peter Beardon, senior, of : Jones' Creek was dead, and nearly everyone we asked confirmed the report, but just before going to press we heard that the report was i doubtful. Belying on the veracity of our latest informant we withdrew the obituary notice we ' had written. We are pleased to state that Mr. j Beardon is alive and getting better, although not yet able to leave his bed. j A townsman remarked to us yesterday that Gundagai was at a perfoct standstill, and had ! been so for somo time. To verify his statement j he directed our attention to tho town olock, 1 which had been stationary at a quarter after 11 .' for a fortnight past. Mr. Engelon, who has ' hitherto had charge of it, requires a considera- ' tion for his services boforo he again winds it, and to provide this consideration tho Gundagai . Amateur Dramatic Club havo volunteored a performance on the 9th of November. With i this assurance, we think Mi'. Engolon might Bet ! tho dock going at once, and let tho world know I that Gundagai is again progressing. Had the Dramatin Club not generously volunteered £heir 1 services in this cause, we should have advo'cated a quarterly subscription for the purpose, for the loss of the familiar ' clook striking the hour ' has bocome a publio inconvenience. Parker Brothers recently sent throe tons and a half of quartz to Adelong from their Rise and Shine claim at Kimo. It was crushed at Mossrs. Wilson and Ritchie's reefer maohine, and yiolded at the rate of 1 oz 6 dwts per ton. The Bev. Father Finnegan, aooompanied by the Revs. Fathers Twomey and Curley, arrived at Mrs. Sheahan's hotel, Jugiong, on Saturday last to conduot the jubilee. On Sunday morn ing the jubilee sermon was preaohed by the latter rev. gentleman, ohildren wore inBtruoted daily, and sermons were preaohed eaoh evening by the -Bev. Father Curley between rosary and benediotion. The jubilee was brought to a close by the Rev. Father Twomey, who proaohed on the oocaBion. Tho enrolment of 140 persons in the sodality of the saored hoart of Jesus was a very imposing ceremony, as also tho renewal of baptismal vows by the entire congregation. Almost all the Catholics approaohed the saora ments. During the daysof-the jubilee the quiot little township of Jugiong presented a most animated sopne, owing to the great crowds of persons passing and re- passing in vehiolee and on horseback. Mr. James Blakeney is engaged making to order a very superior sido-Baddle, whioh, when finished, will be a masterpiece of saddler's work. Those who would like to see a piece of splendid workmanship should drop in at Messrs. Blake ney's shop, where it can be seen in course of manufacture. We have received from Dr. Marshall, Go vernment vaccinator for the distriot, the follow ing tabulated statement .of. vaccinations per formed by him on Government account up to the 30th September last : — M. F; Total,' 1 month to 1 year .... 42 32 74 1 year to 5 years ? 185 183 ' 368 5 years to 10 years. . .. 272 245 517 Adults over 1Q years . . 40 26 68 539 486 1025 Unsuccessful cases under 10 years . . 13 Unsuccessful cases of adults ? .-...' 9 Of these vacoinations 172 were perfotmed in Gundagai, and 843 in tho. country distriots outside a radius of five miles. v Ihe following shows the amount of money raised by local taxation under the Stook Act during 1880 and 1881 in the distriots named : — Gundagai £396, Wagga £692 lis, Young £668 lis 6d. The total sum raised throughout the colony was £18,336 12s 9d, expended £10,408 16s 4d. The total number of animals destroyed were: — £398,503 kangaroo, 57,889 wallaby, 2309 dogs, 654 rabbitB. In the Gundagai dis triot there were 3500 kangaroos destroyed, in the Young district 14,977, and in the Wagga distriot 26,000. The free-thought lecturer, Mr. Chas. Bright, who recently retired from ill-health, has been succeeded by Mr. James Greenwood, formerly a dissenting minister and member of Parlia ment. The following selootions were taken up at the I Gundagai land-office yesterday : — Wm. Colmer, 71a 3r, Tarrabandra John O'Brien, 180a, Tarrabandra Fred Shaw, 40a, Burra W. B. Smith, 80a, Darbalara. Total, 371a 3r. A servant girl at the Bank of Viotoria, Ponshurst, Viotoria, while dusting the manager's desk, disturbed a loaded revolver, which went off, tho bullet, lodging in the abdomen of the unfortunate girl, who is not expected to recover. The following are the acceptances for the undormontioned racos at the M.T.O. Spring Meeting : — Wagga Wagga Cup : Sweetmeat 9st 71b, Bathurst and Lord Burghley 8st 111b each, Woodlands 8st 91b, Secundus 8st 41b, Trump Yoss 8st 21b, Martindale 8st, Creswiok 7st 121b, Master Avenal 7st 91b, Strathearn and Gipsy Cooper 7st 31b each, The Marchioness and Brian Boru Cat 91b eaoh. Honesty 6st 71b, Rainbow 6st, Birthday 5st 101b, Diotator 5st 71b. Grand Stand Handicap : Bathurst 9st, Trump Yoss 8st 71b, Master Avenal 8st 51b, Creswiok and Se oundus 8st 31b eaoh, Gipsy Cooper 8st, Night mare 7st 71b, Brian Boru 7st 21b, The Marohio noss 6st 121b, Honesty 6st 101b, The Exeter 6st 61b, Jem Tyson 6st 41b, Birthday and Jack of Clubs Gst 21b eaoh, Dictator 6st, Junius 5st 101b, Inverary Sat 71b. . (Work at Mount Browne diggings is nearly stopped through want of water. The miners are compelled to cart their washdirt a distance of 1Q miles. A correspondent, writing from Tarcutta, Bays : — During the past fortnight Tarcutta has assumed a very lively aspect. There has been several new disooveries during that time. Messrs. Covington and Delaney have discovered a new line of reef, whioh is supposed to be the same j line as the old Welcome claim. They have a fine looking reef about three foet wide and the prospeots look well, being reckoned to give three or four ounces to tho ton. They have also some very rich specimens. There are two claims taken up adjoining them on the south end and the reef oropB up in both of them, carrying pay able gold. Saxon and Son have also discovered a good reef about half a mile south of Coving ton's, which looks woll. It is a solid well defined reef about two feet six inches wide. They are about to have a trial orushing at their machine, and should it prove payable the publio will have a poor chance of getting their stone orushed, as it is the only battory here. I think any one speculating in and erecting machinery here would find it a payable transaction, as there ia overy prospect of a continuous supply of stone. J. Minehan and party in Beavor's paddook have opened a reef averaging 18 inches, and yielding from one to three ounces per ton. Boohan and party, No. 1 north, aro on the same reef, and their crushing at Adelong went over two ounces to the ton. There are several other payable claims, but it is too expensive to send stone from here to Adelong, a distance of 26 miles. There is no doubt but that thero will bo fresh machin ery hore before long, the only drawback at present being that tho men have not suffloient means now to erect any themselves, but whero , there is a will thero is a way, and should they only unite togother and form a company, the objeot would soon bo accomplished, and Tarcutta would go a-head, and hold a prominent position as one of the best reefing distriots in this colony. There are no less than fourteen claims working at present on payable gold, and many more would be taken up if there was more maohinery hore. The residents of the town of Cargo are suffer ing great privation and distress from want of water. Tbe following shows the number of conditional purchases made in each distriot named during the five years ending 31st December last ; also the area of land bo conditionally purchased, together with the area and number transferred: — Gundagai : 1900 selections, 221,175 aores 3 roods 14 perches; 512 transferred, 60,001 acres 2 roods 38 perches. Tumut: 630 seleationB, 61,447 acres 2 roods 31 perches; 156 transferred, 11,925 aores. Cootamundra : 797 selections, 88,879 acres 36 perches; 192 transferred, 17,113 acres. Young: 1236 eelootions, 144,190 acres 2 roods ; 332 trans ferred, 38,599 aores 2 roods. Wagga Wagga : 1691 soloctions, 372,655 aores 3 roods 21 perches; 381 transferred, 86,015 acres 2 roods. The railway to Hay is to be opened as far as Groongal about the 1st November, and it could be completed to Hay by Christmas if there was anything to bo gained by the contractors by so doing. In pursuance of tho provisions of the Mining Act of 1874, the Governor, with the advice of tho Executive Council, has proclaimed that the following shall be deemod a gold field within the meaning and for the purpose of the said Aot, that is to say : — County Clarendon, parish Kimo, Nangus run, about 50 acres, being measured portion 163. The Crown lands within the fol lowing boundaries : Commencing at- the south east corner of portion 150, and boundod.on the west by a lino partly forming the east boundary of that portion, bearing northerly 50 chains 2 Imks ; on the north by a line easterly 9 chains 83 links; on tbe east by a line partly forming the west boundary of portion 147 bearing southerly 50 chains 3 links, and on the south by a line westerly 10 ohains 78 links to the point of commencement ; to be called ' An addition to the Gundagai Extended Goldfield.' It is reported that the financial statement will be made this week. It is said that the Queen is already looking oat for a good match for her grandson, the heir to the throne after his father, the Prince of Wales ; and it is understood in court circles that after scanning the entire courts of Europe, she has about decided that the Princess Olementine, the third daughter of tho King of the Belgians and the sister of tho future Empress of Austria, would make a suitable bride a.few years hence. A movement has been set on foot for the purpose of establishing ostrioh farming in the intorior of Queensland. at me Dainurst mrouit uourt on Tuesday, before his Honor Sir George Innee, Daniel Mayne, of tho Bathurst Sentinel , was oharged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on J. E. Tonkin in April last. He was found guilty of common assault, and was sentenced to four months' imprisonment. . One of the employees of the Bank of Viotoria was the other day arrested on a charge of steal ing 2000 sovereigns. The employee, who has been a trusted officer of the bank for many years, had oharge of the safe and strongroom, I and had at intervale taken large sums of sovereigns from amounts kept in reserve, filling up the bags with copper, so that tbe number always appeared in stook. The money ho in vested in a metropolitan building sooiety, in whioh he had a large interest. A searching in vestigation, whioh has been going on since the last robbery of notes, brought the fact of this officer's defalcations to light recently, and since then he realised suffloient funds to replace the amount which ho had taken. When brought before the general managor he stated that the sovereigns were lying unused year after year, and he thought he might as well turn thom to some account. Bail was allowed in £1000, whioh was forthcoming. The exaot amount appropriated by the official at different times is £2500, whioh had been handed to his successor in three different sums since being relieved on the 7th inst. Immense bush-fires have occurred in the vioiuity of Ipswich, (Queensland) causing great destruction of fences and valuable timber. The Police Commission report was laid before Parliament recently. It recommends the super annuation of Superintendent NioholBon, and also of Superintendent Hare ; but, in considera tion of injuries received, the latter should receive a pension of £100 per annum extra. It re commends further that Superintendent Sadlior's name be placed at the bottom of the list. The Commission considers that an admirable oppor tunity of capturing the Kelly gang at the outset of their career was lost through tho indolence and incapacity of Inspector Brook Smith, whose retirement is recommended on a pension of £100 per annum. Detective Ward is to be censured and reduced one grade, Sergeant Steele reduced to the ranks, and the constables who formed the hut party on tbe night of Aaron Sherrit s murder were, the Commission report, guilty of cowardice, and should be dismissed the service. The dis missal of James Wallace, State school teacher, for sympathy with, and assistance to, the Kelly gang, is recommended. The Commission ex press their opinion that the best thanks of the Viotorian Government are due to the Queens land Government for their courtesy and promp titude in forwarding blaok troopers, who per formed good service. The courageous action of Mr. Curnow, State school teacher at Glonrowan, and others is highly recommended. Appended to the report are protests of Mr. Dixon against the finding of his fellow commissioners in re ference to Superintendent Hare, and two other commissioners dissent from the finding in refer ence to both Nicholson and Hare. Last week Mr. J. Shepperd, of the Mountain, Little Forest (remarks the Vlladulla Times J, killed a cow, and when opened he found to his astonishment no less than 761b weight of quartz stones in her. Another gentleman informs the same papor that it is no uncommon thing for cows or bullocks that are turned out on to tho table land at top of the mountain to swallow large quantities of stonos. What are called Cinderella balls, have become very popular in England. They were intro duced by the Princess of Wales, and the idea is an extremely happy one. Their name is, of course, derived from the well-known story .of little Cinderella, who was taken to a ball by a good fairy, but was obliged to leave it at exactly midnight. Ordinary balls often result in a good deal of fatigue to all, excepting the robust. The vicissitudes of seven or eight hours' danoing — rich, indigestible suppers, and the journey home in the chill night air when the vital energy is lowered— oan only be endured by strong con stitutions without injury. The new entertain ment may oo Bummea up tnus : uancing com mences not later than 8 o'clock, the programmes providing some twelve or fifteen dances ; light refreshments are handed round at intervals, and the musio will cease, and the guests go homo exactly at midnight. There is none of that un healthy exoitement whioh gives ladies a fictitious strength, followed by an exhausting reaction ; while, on the other hand, gontlemon are not tempted to render both their manners and breath obnoxious, by indulging in stimulants towards the small hours of the morning. Wo cannot too highly recommend this sensible in novation, and hope that a request for ' the pleasure of your company to a Cindorella dance,' will soon be a common and welcome form of invitation in society. A sum of £6000 has been subscribed towards a Guarantee Fund for the exhibition of Irish manufactures proposed to be held next year in Sydney. 