Varieties. ' A pen may be driven, hut a pencil does best when it is le(a)d. ' " Printer-s'ink " said the drowning ( typo as he went down for Jthe third time. ( " Settle promptly with us and we ( will settle promptly with someone wiflC) vU tile UUliicaU UJL t stationer. . This is the way the young ladies sing up in Fitzroy ; and it is not the < only place where they are similarly > afflicted : — ' When the moo-hoon is mi-hildly bo-heaming ( O'er the ca-halm and si-hi-lent se-e-o-e, . It's ra-dyunce so-hoftly stre-heam-ing, ( Oh I ther-hen, Oh ! ther-hen, . I thee-hink ' Hef thce-hee. , I thee-hink, I thee- hink, , I thee-hink, I the-he-he-hehehehe-hink hot theo-e-e-e-e. , The book of nature is always beau tiful, but it gets short of leaves in ( autumn. > When the wine goes freely round, the head generally follows the exam- ( pie. j A very common peculiarity of our nature is to undervalue what we pos- ( sess, and to long only for that which > is not within our reach. He that sympathises in all the hap- ( piness of others, perhaps himself en- < joys the safest happiness ; and he > that is warned by all the folly of ( others, has perhaps attained the J soundest wisdom. \ Coolness. — One day a qniet-look- r iDg stranger entered a wholesale J stationer's, and asked if he could use \ a blotting pad a moment. A piece of ( blotting was handed him, and he sat J down by a desk, looked around, and \ said, " Ah I thanks, but have you a ( pen and ink?" These were furnished ) him. He tried the pen on the pad, V shook up the ink, and looked around / again, and modestly insinuated — "Do \ you think you could spare a sheet of ( paper?" A sheet was handed him. ? He wrote his letter, folded it, and j whispered, " I'm afraid I shall have ( to beg an envelope of you." The en- / velope was handed over, and when he \ had directed it, he looked at a stack ( of paper, under the desk, up to the ) ceiling, and enquired, " You couldn't \ lend me a stamp, could you?" The ( stamp was produced and forked over, ) and when it had been licked and S fixed, the stranger arose and slowly ( disappeared, with the parting remark, J ' As you don't seem to keep an office \ hoy, I suppose I shall have to take ( this letter to the post-office myself." J The attention of our lady readers S is directed to an announcement in our ( advertising columns that kilting and / quilting in all kinds of materials is N done by the yard at the most mode- ( rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. ) They are also desired to inspect some \ of the most improved kilting machines, ( which are on sale at the same depot. J Gem Pobtraits. — The young lady j) who, while out sketching near Lome, ( was burned to death by a bushfire, has ( since been identified through a gem j portrait being found amongst the ( remnants, Mr Edelsten, the pro- ) prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- j street east, opposite Age Office, has ( since recognised the portrait as one ) that was taken at his studio about a \ month ago. c 