COUNTRY SKETCHES. AMONG* THE BEEFS OF ST. ABITAUD. (bt a visitor.) For some time past there have been un mistakable indications of an awakened in terest being excited in the minda of mining speculators respecting the quartz reefs of St Araaud, and the excellent prospects lately ob tained in some of these claims nave attracted the attention of the enterprising miners of Ballarat Even the capitahats of Melbourne are becoming dimly aware that hidden away in the distant ranges of the north-wast there are numerousquartz reefs that in. the old days of gold mining yielded fabulous returns under toe crude, wasteful mode of securing the gold practised in those times.' The old style of mining answered well enough till the water level was reached, when the increased cost of mining and a considerable falling off in the yield of gold from the quartz caused many of the mines to be neglected. The failure of the great silver mine gave the dis trict a bad name, and from being once a lively and prosperous mining town it re ceded to the position of a very lovely and remarkably dull country village. Very little business was done in the place, whioh bad all the appearance of gradually dwindling away. The first revival in the fortunes of the town was when the splendid lands in the neighbourhood were thrown open for selec tion. The activity created by such a large area of land being brought into cultivation raised the place into notice, and a great revival in business was the result. The inte rest taken in farming for a time entirely with drew the attention of the residents from the reefs which lay at their doors. There came a time, however, when the business connected with agriculture began to show a serious falling off. It was discovered that the periods of drought to which the district was subject were calculated to bring rain on the farmer, and a recurrence of two or three bad seasons caused the townsfolk to oonsider seriously on the means of improving the prosperity of the town. In themeantime there had been ageneral revival in mitring all over the country, and thiB fact caused it to be suddenly recollected that the reefs in the neighbourhood of the town bad at oris time given far greater returns than those in other gold- fields which were now quoted at high prioes in the market. With the view of testing the value of the reefs, a few of theto wnspeople undertook to work some of the long-forgotten claims. The result was . highly satisfactory. and, en couraged by tneir success, other claims were taken up, and bo generally favourable have been the return* that the locality has begun to attract enterprising mining specu lator* from all parts of the country. Having heard of the revival of mining that had taken place in St Arnaud, ana having the greater portion of a day to spare, I willingly accepted the offer of Mr. W. Wheeler's com pany for a hasty visit to the principal mine* in the neighbourhood. Our first visit was to New Bendigo, where we crossed the backbone of the range at a place caUed the dap. Here there were all the indications of an immense amonnt of work having been done at one time. In the palmy days of the Gap the diggetB had grand times, of it. The quartz was so rich that the miners would often not to work till 11 o'clock in the day. They would spend a few'hours breaking down the best of, the Btone, which they would pound to obtain the gold with it was thickly impregnated. A common practice with these lordly diggers was to walk acrosB the little gully to the store and quench their thirst at smoke times with champagne. What became of the diggers is not known, but some of the storekeepers are among the wealthiest in the land. Following the line of the old reef due north, we came to the New Bendigo claim, which is situated about half a mile from the summit of the Gap. The claim is about 30 acres in extent, which gives fully 1.400ft. of the line of reef. There are two x.-zwavi v* tuo nuu U4 m-ol. Jkucic arc two shafts on the ground, the New Bendigo Bhaft, and one about 600ft. further north on what is known as Shewring's reef. Some old miners, who know these reefs well, are con vinced that they are separate reefs, situated very cioBe together. The New Bendigo Bhaft ib down 300ft. The battery con sists of 14 head of stampers, and the eDgine is of 16 horse-power. The directors have advertised for tenders for the supply of a second engine for pumping. As yet there has been only one crushing from this reef, of 240 tons of quartz, which gave a return of 253oz. of gold. The second crushing, of about 300 tons, is expected to give fully as good a result The reef varieB from about 10ft. wide to nearly 4ft. in places. At the surface this reef gaveaB much as lOoz. or 12oz. of gold to the ton. The store at Shewring's reef was remarkably rich; as much as 70oz. of gold to the ton has been obtained, while on one occasion three bags of picked stone is said to have yielded 500oz. of gold. The directors and the shareholders in this company have great confidence in the mine, and their good opinion is backed up by that of mining ex perts from other golafields. It is difficult to imagine that a reef that has given such bril liant returns in the past Bhould have been per mitted toremain for eightor nine years without any systematic attempt being made to test its value. The line of reef both north and south of the New Bendigo claim has been taken up for a considerable distance. Retracing our steps in order to cross the Donald railway, we next visited the Queen Semiramis claim, on a reef that runs parallel to the New Bendigo reef. This claim was also remarkably rich on the surface, but on reaching the water level it was neglected, those who held the claim merely doing sufficient work " fossick ing" to keep their title good. The claim was purchased by about 27 townspeople of iSfc. Arnaud for a moderate sum. They have worked the mine with a whim up to the present time, and with so much success that they have made enough money to purchase and erect machinery, and sink the shaft an other 100ft. The gronnd for some distance in the neighbourhood of this claim has been taken up for mining purposes. Close by are the works of the Bilver mine. ThiB company once held a very large claim in the locality. It was formed for the purpose of working, the lode, which contained a large portion of silver as well as gold, but extravagance and bad management proved its rain. There iB now no silver mining company, and the works, which have been fitted with 24 of Denny and Robertson's patent pulverisers, are now employed in working over the old tail ings ana crushing for the small claim- holders on the abrupt bluff cIobo by, once known as the Malakoff-hill, from which a large quan tity of gold was once obtained. The pul verisers act very well, the manager stating that they saved 85 per cent of the assay. The quartz tailings and dibris from the Malakoff hill are reduced by them to a powder almost as fine as flour. From what 1 conld learn, there is a belt of country here in which the gold is bo mingled with silver and other metals as to render its extraction very diffi cult On leaving this plant we turned into the ranges, the road leading through a miserable J Bcrubby country, till at last we came on the mallee. To the right, peeping over the top | of the Bcrab, was the Snake reef, which has long lain idle, but is now to be worked again. About two miles on our left hand was the: Blink Bonny, a claim that will likely prove of, some importance, but as our i time was limited we did not visit it. Still further to the east, and surrounded by the mallee, we found the Bell Rock Company's claim. The reef on this claim originally stood up fully 25ft. above the surface, from which circumstance it got its name. There is a peculiar feature about this reef; its i direction differs entirely from the others in i the neighbourhood, being from east to west As it abuts on a reef running north and south, it is surmised that a portion of the reef has been thrown out of its original posi tion by some convulsion of nature. The reef is from 10ft. to 12ft wide, and at the surface it yielded from 2oz. to 7oz. of gold to the ton. The plant has been put in excellent order after remaining idle for several yean, about £1,500 having been spent on it. The shaft, which is down about 400ft, has been put in proper order, and in a short time the )ft» work of testingthe mine will be energetically undertaken. The claim is 30 acres in extent, and there are several reefs known to exist on the ground. The pyrites in this claim are very heavy, and carry a large proportion of gold. The water from the reef »laigely impregnated with minerals, which used to be deposited in large quantities in the boilers, and thuB cause great inconvenience. Mr. Evans, the manager, has found that the presence of a considerable quantity of slabs of ironbark in the boilers entirely prevents this deposit from taking place. Before the ironbark was used the boilers would not work a week before they would prima I was surprised to find that fully half the shares in this mine were held in Sydney. Still farther in the mallee was situated the Garibaldi claim, from which eome wonderfully rich stone was taken. Within 20ft. from the surface over £8,000 was taken from a small area. The reef was lost and never found again. The mallee has been searched as well as the nature of the country will permit, for Burface reefs, in the hope of finding ope as rich as some of theoldonee were. A curious tale is told of a miner haying found- a reef of extraordinary richness cropping ont of the surface while prospecting in the mallee. Having , broken off a consider able number of specimens, be tied his hand kerchief to a branch of mallee, and worked bit fray to < the open country, breaking branches of the mallee as he went, to leave a trail,so as to find the place when he came back, to .mark ont a claim. Unfortunately a bush-fire occurred the next day. which de stroyed his trail, and burned ins handker chief. The consequence was, he lost the wealth that was almost within his grasp, for he never found the reef again, and it is still hidden in the mallee, to be again discovered by some more luoky proepector. But for the rich specimens he had brought away: with him, the story of the rich reef in the mallee would never have been believed. It is likely to remain long hidden, for in many placeB it iB almost impossible to force one's way through the mallee. This is not owing so much to the density of the scrub as to the presence of a parasitical plant which grows on the mallee topB, and clambers along from one branch to another, binding them all up in a network, through which every yard of the way muBt be cut.' The plant has countless arms, which swing with the breeze till they become attached to neighbouring branches of mallee, where they take root and throw out other shoots, to become attached to other mallee plants further on. As the time at my disposal waslimited, we were obliged to return to St. Arnaud again, my guide pointing out on the way what are known as the Township Claims. Among these, the Lord Nelson, owned by a Sandhurst proprietor, and let on tribute at 50 per cent, of the yield (at which rate it pays the tributers handsomely), iB con sidered one of the most valuable. The Rising Star, close by, lately attracted much notice. Interests worth £27 jumped in a day or two up to £127. The reefs extend for a consider able distance to the south and south-east of St. Aroaud, but I had not time to visit them. Throughout the St Arnaud district there is an evident intention on the part of the miners to test the valne of the reefs that, in the old dayB, gave£nch rich yields, and which have so long been neglected. There is nothing of the mining township now in the appearance of St. Arnaud; the place baa an air of solid, steady-going pros perity. Many of the shops are large hand some buildings, well filled with goods of the best class. There are two flour-mills in the town, and one cloBe outside; the houses are substantially built, and the appearance of the place creatoB a very favourable impreasion on the visitor who BeeB it for the first time. Being brought into railway communication with many outlying townships will tend to in crease the business of the town, which is the central point of a very important district The fertility of the corn lands to the north cannot be surpassed, while if the opinion of experienced miners is to be taken, the reefs within a few miles of the town will furnish profitable employment to a large population for generations to come. 