DISASTRO US BUSH-FIRE. (From the Argon). HAMILTON, Friday. The fire reported to have taken place on STRR-tlikeliar, on Wednesday, would appear to have been oT a much more serious nature than first supposed. It broke out on Messrs Chirnside'S Mokanga, Estate, where some of their men were carting firewood, and in a very short time it was raging in Mr BromeU's paddocks, and at express speed making for the home station, which had a veiy narrow escape. Passing on to the east side of Hensley park; where the grass was long, and a very high wind prevailing, it raged furiously on to the Skene estate, making straight across for the home station, burning everything before it, right into Mr Robertson's garden,' hay and corn stacks; several thousand new posts, huts, &C.;, being destroyed, and the woolshed narrowly escaping. The wind blowing half a gale from tiie north, the fire soon travelled right across Skene on to Strathkellar, doing a vast amount of damage, ruuuing without check to the railway line, a distance of at least 10 miles from where it first started. Towards evening the wind changed, and blew veiy fresh from the south, which doubtless saved many an acre on the Hamilton side, but caused the fire to break oat again on Hensley park, and THOUGH there were plenty ot willing bands their e!K> ts were of no avail till it OME toafriendiy.:;vek. The poor hares bad a v. time of it on SKENE and Strathkellar, WLURS they we-e seen tearing about in all directions to es<'" VO the flames. During the high wind P" - -TING on Thursday the tire again broke _"_« in several places in the vicinity of its course the day before, but, being well watched, it was got under—not, however, at times without some smart practice in the beating-out line. On Skene it actually traversed some of the ground that had been burnt the previous day. It is not known whether any stock has been destroyed; but Mr Robertson is minus two whole flocks -of sheep—disappeared somewhere; and his horses are all over the country, licsides miles of fencing, he has lost some 7000 or 8000 acres of grass. MrBromell, besides a considerable amount of fencing, has lost 1500 to 2000 acres of grass. Mr M'&ellar;, besides I fencing, lost a considerable quantity of grass, The ' RL '" Kanawalla FF-^-WII. run had a * good scorching, with the loss of the whole of the fencing between it and Skene, also a portion of that next to Hensley park, and they must have lost from 1000 to 1500 acres of grass. Owing to the fire breaking out X>n Mokanga, near the boundaries of Messrs Bromelland Robertson's properties, the damage sustained by the Messrs Chimside was cot great. The family of Mr M'Donald, one of the boundaiy riders, however, had a narrow escape, the fire destroying the wood-heap close up against the hat, bnt fortunately leaving the latter intact 