) News and Notes. f Two Gold Medals awarded ) American Waltham Watches ; \ the only medals awarded to Exhibit- r ors of Watches Melbourne Interna- ) tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine. \ Waltham Watches have the trade f mark, " Waltham, Mass.," engraved ) on the plate of the watches. ) The beat Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; C Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled r Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, i opposite Waxworks, k We notice by announcement else- ( where that Mr E. Davis, who has so J successfully managed Muskett's book and stationery business for the past r six years, has now taken the same in- ) to his own hands. He has opened up ( a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c;„ r suitable for presents. He has alBo an i assortment of over 20,000 of French's ( acting editious of Plays. Opera House r tickets (D.C. excepted) ean also be ) obtained at this house. \ _ The attention of our lady readers r is directed to an announcement in our ) advertising columns that kilting and \ quilting in all kinds of materials is r done by the yard at the most mode- ) rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. ( They are also desired to inspect some r of the most improved kilting machines, i which are on sale at the same depot. ) Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young r people to marry as the present. A ) comfortable house may be furnished ( for you, with every requisite to make r home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth ( street, who will arrange with you / to pay him say five shillings per week S out of your earnings, and he will give ( you in return whatever furniture you / require to build up a home Why \ delay ? Go and pee Mr H. Marks and ( get married at once. / Gem Portraits.— The young lady ) who, while out sketching near Lome, C was burned to death by a bushfire, has ( since been identified through a gem S portrait being found amongst the ( remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- / prietor of the Gem Studio, Oollins- \ street east, opposite Ago Office, has ( since recognised the portrait as one / that was taken at his studio about a ) month ago. 