NOTES FROM THE COUNTRY. (FROM our TRAVELLING REPORTER.) The rabbit nuisance in the north-western dis tricts daily becomes more alarming, it having now got so serious that selectors are actually abandoning their holdings, being unable to stand the strain any longer. Between Corang and the Lower Avoca and the Murray the rab bits seem to swarm in millions, and tales are told of their destructiveness that would be in credible to anyone unacquainted with the coun try. They have now crossed the Loddon at Kerang, and commenced their depredations on the eastern side of the river, thus making their way out amongst the selectors on the Terricks plains. It is probable when they reach the ornamental gardens on the South Yarra, etc., and commence destroying them that the central authorities will at last awaken to the fact that there really is a rabbit plague in the colony. The way that legislation on this head is dilly dal lied with seems to point to the conclusion that un til the nuisance is brought right under their noses, our rulers will not take any resolute steps to combat the evil. The Rabbit Bill, already in hand, is so utterly inadequate to requirements and so stupidly framed, that mention of it only raises a smile on the faces of selectors, who are rapidly being eaten out of house and home. At Lake Charm, between Swan Hill and Kerang, 30 farmers have lost this season 40 acres each of wheat, which averaging 12 bushels per acre, the value of the grain on the ground being 2s 6d per bushel, makes each man's loss £75 for the one season; or in other words, the total value of property destroyed by rabbits belonging to these 36 individuals, is £2,700. Two years ago, in this same locality, a rabbit could not be seen to shoot at if looked for. In the Parish of Crack Crack, in the Bael Bael country, eleven selec tors have taken the wires out of their fences and cleared out entirely, the rabbits having com pletely starved them out. One farmer there had 300 acres of fair looking crop until the little nuisances attacked it. His total yield has been four bags of grain. A tale is also told, which I am assured is true, although I do not vouch for it, that a selector, seeing his crop fast disappear ing, determined to save what he could for hay. He therefore cut and stacked it. Still the pests would give him no rest, so he put what he con sidered a rabbit proof stubb fence four feet high round the stack, and at night chained seven dogs at intervals round it. Even they managed to get in between the dogs, and went either over the fence or burrowed under it. The sower then gave up the task of saving his stack in despair, and sold the hay at a sacrifice, carting it away as rapidly as possible. An idea of the enormous number of rabbits abounding may be gathered from the fact that in a few days, by watching at the edge of the recent mallee fires, a selector killed 2,000 with a stick, knocking them down as they ran out half stupified and exhausted. But by far the most distressing tale of damage done by rabbits is contained in the following letter read at the last meet ing of the Shire Council of Swan Hill "On behalf of myself, James Ogden, Ann E. Ogden, Edward Kelly, and James Kelly, the two latter being my sons-in-law, I have to ask you to remit our rates now overdue, as we have had our crop of 350 acres completely destroyed by rabbits. The total yield from the whole of the sections was 36 bags of wheat, not one half of the seed sown. We have held the selections for three years; have paid you rates for two years; have expended over £1,200 on the different selections, and our total receipts for the three years have only been £82 10s. Under these circumstances I think you will be perfectly justified in foregoing the rates now due. I have written to the Minister of Lands informing him that unless some immediate action is taken to destroy the rabbits we must perforce abandon our selections.-JONATHAN OGDEN, The council were reluctantly compelled to de cline acceding to the request, but, nevertheless, the letter is useful as showing the pass things have come to. What with the rabbit plague, low yields, low prices, and protective tariffs which latter are skilfully arranged so as to in crease the cost of everything used by sufferers from the former - the future of this colony is such as must give the greatest concern to every thinking main While speaking of some of our wonderfully profound legislation, that reminds me of a state ment made the other day by a gentleman well up in such matters, re the stock tax. The principal effect of this, he says, lifts been to put a stop to the former practice of New South Wales sheep-owners, who used to send store sheep into Victoria where they were fattened; thus enabling Victorian residents to derive a revenue therefrom. There now being a tax levied on sheep entering this colony, of course the New South Wales people consider they might as well pay the tax on a fat sheep, as a store; consequently this is another way in which money is frightened out of the colony. Terrific fires have been raging in the Mallee country lying between Boort and Bael Bael, but, happily, no damage has been done. At one time, near Leaghur, there was eyery sign of the flames spreading into the selections, and people remained up all night to be ready for any emergency, but at mid night the wind changed and carried the fire in the opposite direction in a solid wall of flame three miles wide. In the north-western portions of the colony the rainfall last year was very erratic. At Wentworth, on the junction of the Murray and Darling Rivers, the total fall for the year has been only 3 inches, while at Gon, Swan Hill, and Kerang, there is a difference of several inches for the year at each place. An alarming statement was made a few days ago by the Pyramid correspondent of your morn ing contemporary, that five selections had been completely destroyed by fire at Barr Creek, near Kerang. While at that town last week I was glad to find on making inquiries that no such disaster had taken place at Barr Creek, nor any where near Kerang, The erection of a large flour mill at Kerang, which was commenced a few mouths ago, is pro gressing rapidly. It belongs to the well-known millers, Mr. G. H. Hayes and Mr. J. M. Pratt. The height is three stories above the ground, besides the cellar, 100,000 bricks being used in the construction. The engine which comes from Castlemaine is twenty-five horse power, and will drive four pair of stones for the present, there being, however, ample power for five pair. The boiler is 28 feet long and 6 feet 6 inches in diameter. The contractor for the building itself is Mr. J. Garland, of Inglewood, Mr. Frey superintending the placing of the machines. The plant and everything connected therewith will be ready about March. Meanwhile large quantities of wheat are being bought, and stacked near the mill, there being now 4,100 bags temporarily covered in. It is the best sample of grain I have seen this season, some of it going as high as 66 lbs. per bushel. The price at present being paid is 2s 10d and 2s 11d per bushel. The work ot making this colony a paradise for the working man, as announced by our so called Liberal Government, proceeds apace. At the last meeting of the Swan Hill Shire Council it was resolved to return tenders called for, in consequence of the Government subsidy having been reduced by some £1,500. As none but working men suffer by this, it will be seen what claptrap is put forward when it is asserted that Mr. Berry is the friend of the working man. Thousands of pounds could be squandered easily on many who were loafers for the purpose of making a lot of useless holes about Melbourne which may some day have to be re-filled, but, according to the authorities, their ''economy" demands that shire council subsidies', which go for useful work, must be discontinued, The Swan Hill Shire Council will not gain a name for consistency. A short time since they were seized with a fit for retrenchment, with drawing their advertisements from several papers a very questionable piece of economys and in some instance's a serious inconvenience td ratepayers - but last meeting they seemed to be in quite a different mood. On that occasion, in appointing a deputation, four members were selected when two would have been ample, thus incurring £20 unnecessary expense. They also passed an account for 15s. for buggy hire. This expense was incurred by three councillors who went out from Kerang to a bush-fire to see if assistance was required. Why they should have gone on behalf of the council, or who sent them on that behalf, has not transpired, but cer tain it is they allowed the claim for the paltry amount to go before the council, and more astonishing still that body passed it. The amount is small, but the principle is bad. It is worthy of remark that on the Durham Ox and Tragowel plains this season wherever the ground had been flooded in winter, a yield as high as 20 bushels per acre of wheat has been obtained, while paddocks that were not flooded gave only 8 to 10 bushels to the acre. The man Connelly, who was injured by the recent capsize of the Inglewood and Kerang coach near Hardy's Hotel, Four Posts, appears to be more seriously injured than was at first imagined. He is at present an inmate of the Swan Hill Hospital with a dislocated shoul der, and spitting blood from injuries to the chest. The Boort township looks a little lively just now, in consequence of several new buildings being erected there. The largest is that of Messrs. E. Williams and Co., of Inglewood, who intend opening a general store there. Sub stantial premises are also being constructed by Mr. J. King for the National Bank, and Mr. John Rumble is building a butcher's shop. The best yield I have heard of this season is that of Mr. H. Rickads, of Kinypaniel, who scoured an average of 30 bushels of wheat from 32 acres. On the other hand, I am informed that a selector near the Terricks township has resolved to burn his 400 acres of crop in con sequence of the ravages of rust. 