News and Notes. Two Gold Mbdals jlwabded 1 American Waltham Watches ; ( the only medals awarded to Exhibit ors of Watches Melbourne Interna- ' tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine , Waltham Watches have the trade mark, " Waltham, Mass.," engraved > on the plate of the watches. ) The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; . Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled " Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, ) opposite Waxworks, \ We notice by announcement else- ' where that Mr E. Davis, who has so ) successfully managed Muskett's book v and stationery business for the past ' six years, has now taken the same in- ) to his own hands. He has opened up v a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c;„ ' suitable for presents. He has also an ) assortment of over 20,000 of French's . acting editions of Plays. Opera House " tickets (D.C. excepted) can also be ) obtained at this house. ) _ The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our ) advertising columns that kilting and v quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mede- ) rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, ) which are on sale at the same depot. ) Matrimony. — Never were such i great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A ) comfortable house may be furnished v for you, with every requisite to make " home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr Henry Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth . street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week ) out of your earnings, and he will give . you in return whatever furniture you t require to build up a home Why ) delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks and. get married at once. Gem Portraits,— The young lady ) who, while out sketching near Lome, . was burned to death by a bushfire, has ' since been identified through a gem ) portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- ' prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- ) street east, opposite Ago Office, has since recognised the portrait as one ' that was taken at his studio about a ) month ago. 