S ... News and Notes. . ) The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu v is giving his oharmirigdrawingroom f entertainment at St. George's Hall y nightly, assisted by his daughter, Miss \ Daisy Silvester, Miss Emelier Reau- i iuuiiv| mm mnuiiijip mi v volcji j nuv iui J Lacie (ventriloquist) and Mr J. Sum- \ mers Brown. " The entertainment is r highly Bpoken of by all who have J witnessed it, the entranced lady (Misp \ Daisy Silvester), the ventriloquial r efforts, of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of 1 the Fakir, and above all the beautiful I fairy: fountain, elicit 'universal admi- " ration. \ . ; ) Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that . he has removed his music studio to ' those handsome . premises situate near i Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where, there isw large hall: and every con venience for students of the vocal art. Ambbicak Waltham Watcheb , were awarded . the , Only Two , First Prizes.at the Melbourne International ' Exhibition, ' 1880-1, being higher awards than any other Exhibitor of Watches received. , The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea,' Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled . Milk; '2d. 124 and ' 126 Bourke street, opposite Waxworks, We feel it our duty to call attention , to the! New Davis Vertical Feed Sewing Machine, which has carried off the only first prize at the Mel- bourne, international nixniDition. Some of 'the ' competitors;' however, were not satisfied with the awards, and, protested. The Experts, how- ; ever, upheld the decision and' gave . the first prize for their Family Ma- i chine and the' same for Hand. Messrs > W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elisabeth street, are the sole agents, and in tending purchasers aud those interest ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines'. We have received from -Mr P, G. Dixon samples of sodawater made \- from water specially brought from Mouut Macedon, The sodawater is excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- cernable in sodawater or other cordials made from the filthy Yan Yean. We have also received from Mr Dixon a sample of the Mount Macedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, otter having for some time to put up with the . beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Pobtbaitb. — The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a - gem portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. A very pleasing novelty was intro duced by Mr Alfred Farr, of the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill, on Saturday last, in the shape of a Special Show, which attracted an immense amount of at tention. Crowds of people wended their way to the Drapery Hall, and all seemed well pleased with their visit. As the establishment was well patronised during the day, and quite full all the evening, the proprietor must have been highly gratified with the result. We understand that a repetition of the above is to take place next Saturday, May 7th, when if any of our friends wish to see a Bplendid display of drapery, in all its variety of styles, marked at what appeared to us as ridiculously low prices, we think they cannot do bet ter than take a walk as far as the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill. We have received a sample of a . new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It Bhould prove a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials iB done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street, They are also desired to inspect some of the most Improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. Matkimony. — Never, were such . great advantages held out to. young people to' marry as the present. A ( ' comfortable house may be furnished . for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon ( ' Mr Henry Marks, of ' 186 Elizabeth , street, who will arrange with you to pay him say fire shillings per week ( out of your earnings, and he will give , . you in return whatever furniture you " require to ' build up a home Why | delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. Attention, is directed to the pros- < pectus of Bridges' art-union; published i elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- ' tribution of prizes, from £1000 down I to. £20 in value Speculators cannot , do better than invest in this legitimate affair., ( Result of Flattery.— An un- ( successful lover was asked by what , means he lost his lady fair. " Alas 1" ' cried he, " I flattered her until she ( got too proud to speak to me." j 