THE IRISH CRISIS. Losnox, October 20. The manifesto issued a few days ago by the leaders of the Irish Laud League has met with severe dis. approval from the Roman Catholic clergy. Dr. Croke, Archbishop of Cashel, has written a letter, which has been published, strongly condemning the Languago employed, especially that portion which exhorts tenants to refuse payment of the rent until the government abolish the reign of terrorism which has been instituted. A further proclamation has been issued by the Irish executive today, formally declaring tile Irish Laud League to be an illegal organization, and announcing that all meetings held under its auspices will be forcibly dispersed. The statement recently made to the effect that the hneadquartera of the Irish Land League had been transferred to Liverpool is declared to be premature. As yet no transfer of the kind has been made. October 21. Acting under direct orders from the government the police continue to make numerous arrests daily among the local leaders of the league and others whose conduct is of a character calculated to incite the people to disturbance and acts of violence. The excitement created by the numerous arrests during the week and the various proclamations issued by the Viceroy of Ireland, continues to spread. In conseqnenco of the inflammatory conduct of the leaders of the league at Londonderry and Drogheda, and the agitation there prevailing, the government has proclaimed both places disturbed districts within the meaning of the Coercion Act. Sergeant O'Hagan, president of the commission appointed to administer the Irish Land Act, in opening the court, explained the mode of procedure it was intended to adopt. The officers of the Irish National Land League have been arrested and imprisoned. October 22. In consequence of the last proelomation of the government declaring the Irish land league to be an illegal organization, the central oflices in Dublin have been closed, preparatory to the removal of headqnarters and their establishment elsewhere. Previous to the closing of the offices of the league another manifesto was issued, adjuring the Irish people to maintain their attitudo of firmness in their struggle with the governmment, but to offer a passive rather than an active resistance to the recent proclamations of the Viceroy. At the same time0 they are exhorted to temporarily abandon the hold. ing of public meetings, in order to avoid placing themselves within the grasp of the law. October 23. The energetio measures adopted by the govern. ment for the pacification oat Ireland have had a beneficial effect, and the excitement is calming down. The priests generally throughout the country have endorsed the advice given to the tenants by the Archbishop of Cashel in his recent letter. The government of Queensland has issued a proclamation, ordering the arrest of all halt.-caste children found among the aborigines, for the pur pose of sending them to the reformatory schools or orphanages. Immense bush-fires have occurred in the vicinity of Ipswich, causing great destruction of fences and valuable timber. The E. and A. Company's steamer Brisbane, stranded near Port Darwin on the 10th instant, has become a total wreck. During the recent gale a newly-built house at Hotham (MIelbourne) was blown to the ground, and considerable damage was done to the shipping in Hobson's bay. James Kelly and Wild Wright have been lodged in Cootamundra lockup on a charge of horseo stealing. The corrected census returns issnued by the Go0 vernment statists show the total population of Vice toria to be 862,366, being 3700 more than previously stated. Wilson and Hart's saw mills at Isaryborough weore burnt down on Thursday night. The damage is estimated at £16,000, and thirty men are thrown out of employment. The Burrangong Argus says "On dit that Young is to be at once proclaimed an assize town, and we are to have a new court.house to cost £7500." Whilo being taken out in a perambulator a foe days ago a child of ten months, son of Mr. Polloen, Hawthorn, Victoria, snatched a piece off a branch of a pinetree and attempted to swallow it. The rcsult was death before medical assistance could be pro cured. Richmond, a populous suburb of Melbourneo, will shortly be proclaimed a city, having now an income of over £25,000, and a population of 23,000. IUrPONDED AT Bone, on 14lLth October, from Lake Bathurst; sum due at date of notice, 9/- eacht: Black horse, H near shoulder, star in forehead, collar-marked, lump on off leg, H off ribs, aged; bay mare, AX off shoulder, black points. To be sold on 3rd November. PEnrorrEeo ro Poncass.--The persous under. mentioned will be permitted to plurchase the por tions of improved land ipecified against theirnames: seyor Solomon, 2 roods, parish Bcthungra; Wmo Pascoo, 2 acres, parish Wangagong. 