ITEMS OP NEWS. . Something like another crisis has been brought about by the action of the President of the Legislative Council last night in deciding that the Reform Bill could not be introduced into the Upper House, on thfi ground that no now measure of a similar import to one already agreed to could bo a second time brought in. He con tended that the present bill was similar in effect to the one rocently passed by the Council and read a first time in the Assembly. In conse quence of this decision the representative of the Government in the Upper House took the only course open to him, and gave notice of motion that the House disagree with the ruling 'of the President. Immediately on the facts becoming known, Mr Berry moved the adjournment of the Assembly, ill the hope that between this aud the Houses again meeting,! the. Council, would have taken wiser counsels. Both Houses adjourned till Tuesday. The Pioneers and Old Residents hold their quarterly meeting this evening. The Stewards of the Newstead Jockey Club notify that the booths, .stalls, gateB, grand stand and saddling paddock will be . sold by auction next Wednesday. ; Mrs Taylor, of Forest Creek, was . brought into the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a terribly broken arm. The injury was attended' tuj auu ou9 loiumuo in DUO luOblvuiluiL A Royal Commission has beeri appointed to inquire into the late war at the Cape. It - con- sisis of Sir Hercules Robinson, SirEvelyn AVood and Sir John H. Villiers. . The weight of the prize wheat at the Bendigo Show was 67 lbs a bushel. At -Baringhup, Mr D. Marshall carrififl ofT first nriza with whflat weighing '66-lbs 7 ozs ; the second prize weighed but 1 oz loss. ' The Borough Council was to meet last night, but after a delay of half an hour only four coun cillors were in attendance, and as it takes five to form a qtiorum; tho meeting was adjourned till' Monday. There was very little business to be transacted, and that was unimportant. .. . The oppressive weather which prevailed since Sunday came to a close on A\rednesday night. Yesterday morning no sun was visible above the heavy banks of clouds that overspread the sky ; a little rain fell in the forenoon, and close heavy steeping rain in the afternoon.. This will set the farmers' hearts at ease, whose apprehensions about the long-continued drought were becom ing disturbing. Now, however,, it . -may bo assumed. the dry weather is fairly broken up. Two drunkards were dealt with at -the Police Court yesterday, , the one, Walma . Ponsa, was discharged, the other, Archibald Patterson, who was taken to the watchhouse at one o'clock in the morning, was fined 6s. He was found by Constable Porter, coming from the Chinese Camp, and when searched at the watchhouse £6 of money was in his pocket besides deposit rctoipU) aiuuuuuiug liU UUUU v ' aUQ el 811VGF watch." He. first demurred to paying the fine but finding' ho had either to pay or to bo locked up for 24 hours he deemed it better to part with his money than his liberty. The autumn show of the Bendigo Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held on Wednes day in the Corn Exchange. The exhibits were sufficiently numerous to till the spaces, and the fruit was superior in quality, and equal in quan tity to that displayed at any previous show. Amongst the prize takers was Mr N. Vick, of Harcourt, who carried off first prizes for apples, table, twelve varieties ; a similar quantity of cooking apples ; six cooking apples of one variety, and a collection of plums. The first prize for wheat weighing 671bs to the bushel was awarded to Mr Charlosworth, of Marong.1- A. race arising out of one that took place on bt. Patricks Day at tho Reoreation- Reserve, - Fryerstown, came off on AVedriesday on thesamel ground. The peds were Mr Bottiger and Mr John Rowe, the bets LI a side, and the distance: 100 yards. After a good start and a smart spin Mr Bottiger managed to come in .about three yards behind, and received the encouraging com-! meats of several spectators that if he had twenty ' yards more to run he would be first." This ivas followed by a second race for the same distance and money, between Mr Woodyatt and Mr Pat- chett, the result of whioh was the last-named! was first. The fire bell was rung vehemently yesterday morning about -six o'clook, for a very small matter. An old shed standing at the rear of the ! former Telegraph Office was obsorved to be on fire by employes in the . Post Office, who endea voured to extinguish the flames with the-liose, 1 but it being too short it was of little avail. The Fire Brigade, however, having, arrived quickly, soon put an end to the flames. Only the shed was consumed, a few panels . of fencing , were partly burned, and a post' used as a Btay. There ! was a quantity of rubbish about, consisting of ashes, oily, rags", arid cotton waste. Several theories are set forth to account for the fire, such i as ashes, oilv rasa, or sDontaneous combnnt.inn i but really nothing certain is known about its origin. At the Ohewton Police Court on Wednesday, before the Mayor, a Chinaman named Hin Geo summoned Ah Chow' for assaulting him, and tho assault being proved, the defendaut was fined 2s 6d, damages 20s, costs 24s ; in default to bo im prisoned for two mouths; , - The return match between the Malmsbury and Wattle Flat. Cricket- Clubs' will bo played to morrow, on the ground of the latter. The AVattle Flat team will be chosen from the following Bibby, Conn, Campbell, Dawes,' Kinlock/Lavers (4), Muirheads (2),Manson, M'Laron, and New ton; Play to commence at 12 o'clock sharp. Mr James M'Cay, pupil of the Scotch College, aged 16, son of the Rev. A. R, B. M'Cay, has won high honours at the University. He gained the classical exhibition at matriculation, and for the mathematical exhibition he was equal with Mitchell of Wesley College. He has also been returned first in olassics arid hiuthematics in the open competition for scholarships at Ormond College. He is a State school exhibitioner, aud was last year dux of the school, and Argus prizeman at the Scotch College. He now holde exhibitions and scholarships of the annual value 1 of L112 10s. These are highly creditable achievements in a lad so young, and while he must feel proud of them himself, Ilia parents in Castlemaine will share in his triumph, and their friends will conerratulale tlmm in hi»in„ „ clever son. From a letter, received on AVednesday by a shareholder from the manager of the All Na tions Company, Metcalfe (near Taradale) we (In dependent) learn that they have during the past few days, passed through 6ft of stone. The first 4ft were mixed with sandstone, but the last 2ft are quite clean. The atone shows gold freely. Prospects washed indicate a return at the rate of nearly 2 ozs to the load. The gold is very clean and is well set in the stone. The tunnel is bored into the hill at about 100ft from the top. The company hold a lease of 16 acres. Nearly all the shares are owned in Sandhurst. A number of petitions were presented to the Assembly on AVednesday, by Mossrs Cooper and AVheeler, from different mining companies at Olunes, Creswick and Ballarat, pointing out the great difficulty experienced in securing a regular and sufficient supply of timber for the mines. The price of mining timbor had been raised 20 per cent. , aud any diminution of tho forests from which these district; draw their supplies would prove a serious calamity to the mining intorest. Tho petitioners prayed that all forest lands be permanently reserved. A man named AVherry has been fined tilOO St Sydney for privately distilling rum. On AVednesday a fortnight's crushing of tho Prince Charlie Gold Mining Company, at Cope- land, New South Wales, realised 252 oz. The following is a return of the Royal Mint, Melbourne, for the week ending March 21 : — Gold received 14,884'06 oz ; Coin issued L21,0U0. Major Smith, the Minister for Public In struction, will leave on Tuesday next, per Ara- wata, for New Zealand, where he intends spend ing two or three weeks, for the benefit of his health. Splendid thunderstorms occurred at Hamilton, on AVednesday afternoon, which appear to be general. About an inoh and a half of rain fell at Hamiltou, extinguishing the bush-fires, whioh were previously raging in all directions. A Brisbane telegram reports that AVarden Hodkinson lias returned from Mount Lindsay, and reports no traces of gold. The Observer strongly condemns tho Sydney assayers 'who tested the quartz sent down and returned an as say of 2 oz 15 dwt to the ton. It is feared o fatal acoident has occurred to an old resident, Edward Moran, at Mailor's Flat, Koroit, on AVednesday. He was driving a young horse in a buggy, when the animal bolted, Moran 's head striking with sufficient force to frac- ture his skill. No hopes whatever are entertained of his recovery. A meeting of the Adelaide Gold-mining As sociation was held on Wednesday afternoon, when' the secretary informed those present that he had obtained an estimate of the area of coun try considered auriferous and available for pro- 'specting in the colony, Which was 116 square miles. ' ' The number of candidates desirous of seek ing the suffrages of the electors of North Mel bourne; in the Liberal interests is very large. Mr Andrew, who formerly represented AVest Melbourne, defiantly announces himself; i and Messrs - D. B. Kelly and William 'Gaunson tunu owtvco uuu ucoiuio uuuu lurauviuu IU stand. . : A telegram from Sydney, on Wednesday, Bays the' weather at Wilcaniiia is most ' oppressively hot aiid unseasonable. Diphtheria has made its appearance, and two fatal cases have .occurred within a week. Several cases of fever are reported. It is reported by Morrison, the coach proprietor, that a man stabbed another in several places with, a knife near Tueralla station, about 60 miles from Wilcannia. Averyseriousacoidenthappened on Wednesday at Bridgewater. A pic-nic was;being- held when two lads commenced to' amuse themselves by cutting down a tree. . AVhen it was falling they called out to: some children ' to get out of the way, but one little, fellow, named Gasper, about 1L years of age, fell doivn and the tree came down right across his thigh, smashing incompletely through. . . r The Minister i-of Lands has.' receivedVa com munication from the . Crown lands bailiff at Charlton, stating that, owing to the price being paid by the Government for rabbit skins, the local storekeepers are now_ buying the skins from the selectors arid others at is per dozen. This is a large rise iu the rabbit Bkin market as the usual price nas been from 3d,to"4d per dozen.: ':!-; The Telegraph's Rye correspondent/. Writing on Wednesday ' night, Says : — " A woman named Gates, living here, ou Saturday last left her three children in her house while she- went to transact some business. Daring her absence the house caught fire, but by the presence of mind of the eldest child, a girl not three' years of age, the ohildren escaped with their; lives. This child, unable to reach the latch, got the poker aud lifted it, and escaped with the two younger children. They then appear to have' made for the bush, where they were -found asleep. The fire is supposed to have occurred through a foul chimney. Had not- the eldest child exercised such presence of mind, the three of them must have been burnt with .the building. For the first time in the history of our Uni-' versity thVexamination for exhibitions at matri culation has this year been open to female can didates, and we (Telegraph) are glad to notice that the step taken has been justified by the fact that a, young lady lias gained the exhibition for English, French, geography, and history, arid that another lias so distinguished herself in - the same competition as to gain honourable mention. Both are pupils of the Presbyterian Ladies' College. Miss Anna Higgius, the fortunate winner of the prize, and consequently the first lady who has gained such a distinction in Aus tralia, gave an earnest of the signal ability she has displayed on this occasion by passing the matriculation examination two years ago, with credit. Tho other lady referred to is Miss G. Higgings, sister of the above-named. / i A destructive fire broke out at about three o'clock on AVednesday morning, at Footsoray, on the premises of Mr AV. Greenham, butcher, iu Barkly-street. The lire (says the Age) first originated in the hay-loft, where about 6 tons of hay were stored only the day previous, and communicating with the stables, burnt to: death three valuable horses, also injuring three others so severely that it is thought they will have to . do destroyed, i ne r ootscray Jtirigade was promptly in attendance, and directed its efforts to keeping the flames from the main building the rear portion of whioh, however, was partly consumed ; two of the inmates also narrowly escaping being burnt in their beds. The : house and stock is insured in the Royal Insurance Company for L776. The cause of the fire is unknown, the place appearing perfectly safe upon the inmates retiring to rest at an early hour. Disastrous bush-firos have been raging, in the Flinders locality several days. On Wednesday, aided by the hot wind, the fire swooped down with irresistiblo forco upon the township, sur prising tho inhabitants. One house and an old building, also a valuable threshing-machine in an adjoining shed, belonging to AVilliam Taylor, were reduced to ruins. Tho surrounding fences shared the same fate, and the paddocks were laid waste. James Kennedy's dwelling was saved with much difficulty. After tho family had taken flight the fire went on its course, do- utroying fences and grass right down to the ocean beach and through Mr Barker's station. A number of telegraph poles wore destroyed, tho wires falling to the ground, but a party from tho local post- office succeeded in making tem porary arrangements whereby telegraphic com munication was restored. Mr Robert Anderson and Messrs. Barker suffered great losses. Their fences and grass were destroyed, and their cattle uuu ouuvtt iroio l/uiuou ilUlUG in an directions. Rain is much required, as the country is com pletely parched. John Thomas, a minor in the East Hurdsfield claim, Ballarat, met with a sovore injury yester day morning. He was being lowered to the 400 feet level, and whon within about 100 feet from tho bottom some of the gear gave way, and the safety cage went down, Thomas receiving a nasty scalp wound and several severe bruises. He was taken to the Hospital immediately. The I ox to ot of the injuries is scarcely known, but his condition is considered oritioal. Referring to the proposal to abolish the coffee- stalls in tho streetB of Sydney, the Sydney Daily Telegraph ivritos : — "It is a remarkable thing that while publichousos are allowed to do busi ness up to all hours in the morning, coffee- stalls arc followed and hunted down ' with the utmost rigour of the law.' The reason alleged by tho police is that disorderly poople congregate I around them, and house holders complain, but it I does not follow that tho only romedy is to I abolish tho stalls. Aro respectable people who require light, wholesome food during, the long, hours of the night, to be obliged to go without ' beoauee the police are unable to preserve order J If thete was no intoxicating drink in tho colony there Would be no drunkeh men, but the Inspec tor-General has not ventured to suggest that beer and brandy should be abolished to lighten tho arduous duties of the police. It Beems to us that if disorderly men congregated round coffee-stalls, the representatives of law and order should congregate in tho same direction, and it can scarcely be argued that if they did so they would not be able to keep the place clear of drunken men." An important salvage case lias occupied the attention of the Vice-Admiralty Court at Syd ney, on Wednesday, arising out of an accident to the s.s. AVotonga, belonging to tho A.S.N. Company, on tho 8th Juno last. The Port JackBon Steamboat Company were the plaintiffs, and claimed L4200 salvage. Respondents paid L10O into court in satisfaction of the claim. The case disclosed the facts that the AVotonga left for Melbourne oil the 8th June at 5 p.m., and that two hours lator/when in a heavy south west sea off Botany Heads, she lost all the bladoB of her propeller, and had to bear up to the Heads for assistance. The pilot steamer Cap tain Cook answered the signals for assi3tanco, but having broken her warps in attempting to tow the disabled vessel, and at the same time sustained injuries to her bulwarks, stanchions, &c.;, returned to port, aud reported the matter, first to the captain of the steamer Coonanbara, riniN Miaii f n f lia m aoion nf 4-Via rilolnliffo' olno m . tug Commodore. The latter boat got a hawser on board the Wotonga, and when a little more steam wbb put on, a quarter of an hour later, the tow line was carried away. In response to the request of the defendant, the captain pro ceeded back to Sydney for a .new hawser. The AVotonga was picked up next morning 15 miles tri T5.N.E. of the FTnfldfi. or fliahfc milna nff Broken Bay, and was towed into port. It was alleged that Bhe waB at the mercy of the wind and waves, and in danger of being driven on shore in the event of a change of wind. The responsive allegation set forth that the ship wos perfeolly manageable under canvas, and had other sails besides those set. It was further uuuieuueu tiiab mo aurviue wua iu mo , uuturu ui ordinary towage, and that L100, which bad been paid into oonrt, was sufficient remuneration. His Honour Mr Justice Windeyer.' decided that the services rendered would not bo considered ordinary towage, and gave a verdict for plaintiffs for L200! ; The seleot committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed to inquire into and report upon the ad visability or otherwise of amending the law relating to vaccination have agreed to a draft report. They state that they examined fourteen witnesses, of whom six were public vaccinators, and six leading metro politan medical practitioners, besides receiving written replies to questions submitted to prominent medical men in Ballarat, Geelong, and Sandhurst, amongst whom there existed great diversity of opinion on many 'aspects of the question. Greater unanimity, however, was found to prevail on the question of the communication of extraneous diseases, and, " in view of this faot, and to allay any alarm in the publio mind, there was a general expression of opinion that the system of animal vaccination at at present prnotised with such good results on the continent of Europe should be tried here." The committee, therefore, recommend that a bill be brought in to amend the present Vaccination Act, so as to provide for the establishing depots for supply ing lymph from young heifers, and . also providing that no children be vaccinated during the months of January and February. It is further suggested that an inspector of vaccination should be appointed. : 