Tot another outbreak of fire from the cmbacs of the late conflagration at Mr DawBon'e ironmongery establishment, adjoining this office. It'occarrcd last evening ibout nine o'clock, but was quickly detected by employes vrho are <3ting duty as watchmen, and extinguished. - Mr Dawson has certainly, reason to feci annoyed at tbe oilatoriaess of two of tbe insurance companies in coming to some settlement, as five dayo haa.now .elapsed since the £rst tire, and he hss been compelled to snsnend business during that time, and allow tlis debris to remain to the danger oi the surrounding property until the fcUim3 are arranged. • 'We trust, however, that Some satisfactory settlement will be arrived at this morning, and the cause of danger removed. The Boyai Commission to enquire into the general condition of tlse police- force was gazetted last night. The members are the Hon. F. Longmore, ILL.A president; the Hon. W. M"CniIocli, M.L.C.; Mr 'W. Anderson, ILL. A ; Mr G. B. Fincham, MX.A.; Mr J. Gibb. M.L.A.; 'Sir J. H. Graves, M.L.A.; Mr G. Collins Levey; and Mr E.- J. Dixon. Mr Jamea Williams, a journalist of some years' standing, is gazetted as secretary. All extensive fire bas been burning 011 Mount Cole for »he last wset and during the last three days it has made its way towards Caglan and Emambeen. On Sunday night the glare was distinctly visible, and on the summit of Mount Cole it looked as if a lighthouse were crected" as a warning marine's. On Monday it was seen from lJeaufort that the- fire had come down the face of the mount, westerly, threatening tlie farmers at Enrambeen. and when a horseman arrived in the town, the fire bell rang the alarm, and the Beaufort Fire Brigade, assisted by volunteers, proaefded to the locality, and by their exertions saved a considerable quantity of grass and property. A great quantity of grass has Iwcn consumed, besides a number of brush fences. Fortoj'.atcly, at present, there has been no loss of buildings or stock. Mr IVotherspoba kindly lent his liorses and waggons to take out the firemen. The loss at present cannot be ascertained. A gross acd v,-ant->n act of cowardica was committed in Ballarat East on Friday night Some roughs placed a train of gunpowder on the footpatli, and as a little boy was crossing it, they lit the powder and cleared The child was severely burnt about the face, and it was found ncccssary to bandage his eyes. We understand that Mr Cowderoy, the valuator appointed by the Government to estimate the value of the property required for the branch rsilway line to the Ballarat racecourse, will arrive in Gallant on \Vednesday and go over the mute laid down. In the event of the valuation being amicably arranged, it 13 probable that tenders for the construction of theline will be called at once. At a reccnt meeting of the board of directors of the Ea-d and Ea»:d Company appointed at the last general meeting, it was resolved to' remove the legal hasin'-s3 of the company from the office of Uessrs Jlardy and iladden, and Sir C. Marriott-YTatsoD ivns appointed solicitor. Tiio boivd also decided to make application to have the costs of Messrs Haivly and Madden in connection with tiie reeent action against the National Sank taxed before the prothenetaiy. In another column will be found the report of the first picnic of tbe Bali.irat Minors' Association, which was hel.l yesterrlay at the Botauiual Garder.s. Tlie association made a good display in the iiiorniog procession, some 2033 miners marching under its auspices through the principal streets r.r.d to the lake. The incompetency of the caterer completely upset the calculations of the officers of the association, and exhausted the good temper of some of those who wanted tiiaiier, sud the day ended Ijadly, the picnic as an organised aOair collapsing. This nrifortnaato result is to be attributed 6o!ely to the ineffective catering, which gave to some rest-less spirits an opportunity to do mischief that they took fi.'.i advantage of. The officers and members of the association were _grs.if.ly annoyed at tbs issue of arrangements that should have ensured a pleasant day for all. and most of them left the gardens eariy. A lad about twelve years of age, named Ijewis tevris, whose parents reside at IVLad den's Flat, near Camgham, was bitten by a snake about eight o'clock yesterday morning. The lad was out ia the bush when the snake bit hi m on-the forefinger of the right hand, and a man named Palmer, who was fortunately in tbe neighborhood, at ones cut the finger c£f, above the bite, with an axe. Dr Stewart, of Smytbesdale. who wa3.calls J to the ease, administered the us-irl mcdieincs, and remedied the roagh but rea-.ly surge73* of the axe, and the boy—t&auks; to the prou.p measures taken and the skilful treatment of the doct3r—was soon oat of all danger. Oarlocalcorrespondent writes:—''Thecornmittce of the hospital entertainment at Morri- FOTIS met at the Prospectors" hotel, on Friday evening last, and I am glad to say the concert proved a financial sncccss—greater, indeed, than was anticipated by tue most fiangnine. One or two returns have yet to conic la, which ir.ay increase slightly the total result;bat at present there is a net profit of £28, which will be equally divided between the Ballarat. and Geelong hospitals, and forwarded by the secretary ia a few days. The committee desire to acknowledge with thinks the rcceipt of a donation of £'2 2s towards their far.ds, from Mr John Matheson, of Moranghurk, Meredith." With reference ±0. the letter from Mr John James, M.L.A., which appeared in yesterday's issue, to tbe eff -ct that no more Exhibition trains will be run from BalUratj Sir Whitehead, by request, has called a meeting, to be held in -the assembly-room of the Alfred Hall next Friday evening, to consider the whole subject. Last Friday evening the Street Mutual Improvement Association field its uscal fortnightly meeting, at which there was a moderate attendance of members; Mr Stringer, the vice-president, occupied fhc chair. Part of tlie business of the evening was the selection of books for the library from list; handed in by jnembsrs, and £8 was ordered to be laid ost ia the purchase of suitable works. MrCargeeg, the late president, reajl an interesting and instructive paper on "Education and its effect®,"* in which be pointed out the vast aid it gave to ail movements in cau^ectiyn with'" this world's progress. A reading was also given in creditable style by Mr T. T. Wills; sub-, jcet, " The peerage of poverty," The St. Patrick's Day fete committee are pushing their business forward with great energy. The works committee are busy at tbe grounds, and nothing it appears will be left undone to make the sports attractive and worthy of a great attendance. Tlie nominations arc double the number of that of last year, and the prize money is. also much larger in amount. Amongst the specialities will be the Hebrew Juvenile Fire Brigade, - wfro are desirous of contributing their support. The Apparatus and all per- < tauiiog to the brigade will be on the ground with the youngsters. The bazaar at the South Street Methodist Church, preparations for which have been going cm tor some time past, will be opened this evening at half-past six o'clock. Slere wfll be » line display of articlea," both of a fancy and useful nature, several hundreds having been^vgnTjy friends of Che c&nridi.; The .bazaar mil be open 'to jpigiit and tomorrowevening. Sach evening & promenade conceit trilLln given by members en the fedjStoetHnhul Improvement - Association so tiot.» < *ieiy enjoyable time miy be antidpated by thaa>3jrBsenb-^. As 110 bazaar has been held in thiBaeity ' considerable time past, the ad mission to the bazaar and concert is only axpencc, doubtless tlie church will be crowded each evening, more' especially as "the proceeds ace in aid of ~the church. When the 2.45 goods train to Geeiong bad readied die Waraenheip bank yesterday morning, it was discovered that the contents of a large II bogie truck laden with chaff were on tire. The train was accordingly run back into the station^ and put under the etandpipe, and the fire extinguished. The fire bad destroyed a large quantity of the chafi) and .the water will no doubt destroy mora. The members of both fire brigades turned out, but their serifiees were not required. " . . - A large bush-fire occurred at Mount Buninyong yesterday. It commenced about noon, in a paddock owned by a farmer named Ryan, and soon. spread over the mount, burning all of the stubble, timber, and trees on top, sad part of the fencing surrounding it; but.the firedid not extend to any of the adjacent farms, and- thus no serious damage caused. Tfce.fire was raging the whole of last night, and presented a splendid spectacle from Biilarat, which place was thi ckly corered with smoke in the 'evening. About 300 farmers aad others tamed oat to watch the Ere, and prevent its spreading into the low-lying country. Although it had: spread as far as the roadway surrounding the mount in maaiy places, it soon, died cut. Messrs Lewis and Caselli, J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday, and fined John Beasley in the usual amount for drunkenness, -and 20s, or seven days* im-_ prisonment for having assaulted Constable' O'Grady whilst in the execution of his duly on Saturday. Jolm O'Shea was fined 10s, and 2s 6d cab fare, for. drunkenness; and William Telford 20s, "or seven days' imprisonment for having assaulted Alichael Carroll, landlord of the Carriers' Arms hotel, on Saturday night. . . " The old pitching of the gutter in front of the Comer is now being taken np. Testerday tiie men engaged in the work found a half-sovereign, 6s 6d in silver, and a gold ring. . We observe that the broken asphalting on the eastern side of Lydiard street, above the ^Western railway station, is being t^iken up preparatory to laying new material. The change was greatly needed. It is reported that a robbery was committed on Friday evening from the premises of Mr C. fates, grocer, of Eyre street Some thief broke into the house between seven and nine o'clock on the evening mentioned. »nd, during the absence of the inmates, "took jewellery and wearing apparel valued at about £18. The police sue enquiring into the matter. Operations have at last been commenced to erect a new fence around the Eastern Town Hall, and it is to be hoped that shortly the reserve will be enclosed by a more handsome fence than at present. A little excitement! was caused in the Town-Police Court yesterday morning between a man named Timothy Ryan, who was interested in a certain debt case, and a lawyer. The case had been dismissed, and- the plaintiff, a female, asked the bench if she could get her day-books from the lawyer,' who was then "copying a few items out of them, and she was informed that she would get them as sooaasiic (the lawy er) was done with them. Ryan a fe<v minutes jafterwarils made for the lawyer, and attempted to snatch the books from him, and a regular " pall jiard and hold fast" struggle ensued, uutil tbe police interfered, and charged the man with contempt of court, and tbe beach inflicted a fine of 10s, in default three days' imprisonment, for the offence. A prelimirjiy meeting of the employes in the boot trade was held last mVht at the Buck's Eead hotel, to consider the advisability of asking employers to close their establishments at C p.j^u daily, aad 10 p.m. on Saturdays. There was a large number present. Mr S. Vfilson was voted to the chair. It was decided to forego the Saturday closing and leave it au open question, and to press only for closing at six o'clock. , A committee was formed to cany out tbe ar-1 rangements, • and also a deputation of three was appointed to oyrr.meace cavivassiji-,; at; once. By the tone of the meetin; it was scon juost of the employers were agr L-aV!to the movement Mr Daniel Hicks,- landlord.of the Beehive hotel, ilain street, was summoned to tha Tiv. r C'.iurt yesterilay, on a charge of having supplied liquor to a person, wliilst in a state of intoxication. As the charge was notproved, the case was dismissed. A correspondent writes:—"After morning :'v;< : on Simdav last, the minister, V Phslp, froni " tlie •* pulpit, in Vuil'ls Street apiW. Church, , by desire „, of the „„„ church members, read the articles of faith anr! havtnga l'rontage to each of the streets named of about 153 feet, was yesterday disposed of to JIr W. Gale, sharebroker, at tibout £2000. The Peel Street Mutual Improvement As-1 soeiation held its weekly meeting on Fridav evening last There was an attectWee of thirty members, and Mr E. Butcher occupied tlie chair. An essay was read by the prcsident (Rev. W. Seccombe) on "Rilim'011.'" The essayist treated the subject in really g-Md style. The imparting of religion to man and the progress of-religion were well described. The composition was skilful, the delivery good, and the essay written in shorthand. "Messrs T. Mitchell, A- E.'Roberts, E. Butcher, aad others, criticised and complimented the author upon bis production, which is the last the association will hear from him. Next Friday an interesting topic t will babrought forward, the firstof the kind given, viz.:—"A night with Dickens." It will include a sketch of . the author's life, and choice readings by meulbers from his works.- A meeting of- the Anglers' Association was hcMatthe rooms. Union hotel, last evening, to make arrangements for tile members' fishing expedition, which takes place to- mor.GW at 1* iskci;'e • Pr King occupied the chair. It was decided that cabs should leave Whitehous'j's Onion hotel at eight o'clock, and that lishing commence immediately upon arrival, and terminate at six o'clock in the cvening. The fish to be weighed -and exhibited at ihe association rooms the same evening, and prizes awarded. About a dozen members enrolled their names forthe outing, which is expccted to be a most pleasant one. The-eoployfe of Messrs Davies, Graham, and Co. held their first annual picnic at the Botar.ical Gardens yesterday, when some hundred persons, including the employes and tbrrir relatives, assembled together at the gardens. Mr Graham and family and Mrs mvics aud family attended by invitation. Djcviea was traforfcuuately too iadisijsssd to attend. The picnickers, meeting afllie warehouse in Armstrong fctreet,were conveyed to the rendezvous for the day's outing in three omnibuses, - tlie City and Town Band, which had been engaged for the day, accompanying them. At the gardens they indulged ia all tbe out- of-door pastimes fashionable op such occasions, n 7 r ! h:u! .1 very pleasant time cf it indeed. The" meeting together in pleasures serve.! 'to snercasc the cordiality already existing between the employes and their employees. Dinner and tea were supplied the party by Mr M'Kenzie of Bridge street^ whose catering was very J s highly Epokea of by the picnickers, lie beverages supplied the parly were in strict acconiauce with temperance principles, there not being any intoxicating liquor imbibed at the picnic. Mr Graham took occasion during the day to express on behalf of his partner and himself appreciation of the compliment the etncloy^s liad paid the firm,and toped to meet his workmen on many other occasions of festivity. * Tbe Rev. M. S. A. Looney, H.A., B.D., B.C.L., preached ia the Alfred HilllastSanday morning, and in tiie evening fron Rev. xviii., 4, ^'CoHie out of ber, tny people, tiiat yie be not partakers of- ber sins, and that ye receivc cot of her plagues." Subject, "lie Papal Chureh." The Sunday school was well atfaauled in" Hie afternoon, and Mr Bryan gave a practical address to tiie large Bible class at thE same lime and place. Mr J. Wlirtehes^l reai tiie church lessons swtibe evening eerviee,- when A crowded congregatioai attendedas nsoaL We have received a copy of the sixteenth wiw*l report of Hie Ballarat Orphan Asylum, printed in pamphlet form by Mr NiRa, o[ irtstreet - • ^ Thefdlotriug is a» mtice^paper fbr the monfljy mwHng at tbe Ha^jtal ™nmHtf» " * TbrtccivBrtport of house ic montlily accounts; to ^ ply of tea (say 100 lb): to appoint two members of house committee, ia place of A. Hunter and H. Lewis, who retire by rotation, but are eligible for reelection. \- A large number of letters are unavoidably crowded out until to-morrow. ~ . Oce of Messrs Wm. M'GttUocb and Co.'s steam saw-mills, situated on the bank of the Murray, at Echaca, was totally destroyed (tiays the .Herald) by fire between eleven and tvrelve o'clock on Sunday night. The attendance at the Exhibition on Saferday was as follows:—By single tickets, 6030; season ticket holders, 106; miscellaneous, 1573\. Total, 7699. The Government {says the Aye) intend to push on with the Reform Bill this week ia committee. Ko other"bnsiness will be taken in_the Assembly on Tuesday. With regard to the amendment proposed by the leaders of the Opposition, that the bill ue referred to a committee selected from the two Houses, the Government are resolved to resist any proposal of the kind during the present stage of the bi!L They held that the amendment cannot be farther discussed." After the bill has been dealt with in committee, if it is then desired by the Council to meet the Assembly at a confercnce, no opposition will be offered by the Government to this being accomplished. " A fatal accident (says tbe A rails), arising out of the practice of getting out of railway trains when in motion, occuurod at tbe Hobson's Bay station on Sun<3ay evening. Shortly before ten o'clock, on the half-past nice train from Wijidsor Hearing the ^tbitfoian at the Flinders street tennmus, a middle-aged lady -was seen to alight from a first-class carriage bfefore the train came to a standstill, and her • dress becoming entangled in the <3oor, she was thrown down and fell benestli'the carriage wheels. Dr James P. Ryan, who was about to alight, at once jumped -on to the platform aad informed the officials of what had occurred. As rapidly as possible the carriages were uncoupled, and drawn along the line in opposite directions, leaving a clear space and admitting of the unfortunate woman~being taken up. It was found that the train bad passed over ber left leg, crushing it to pieces, and over her right arm. On enquiry it was ascertained that the sufferer was Miss Isabel. Powell, dressmaker, of Collins street cast. Dr Ryan recommended her immediate removal to the hospital, but she declined to go, and was taken to her private residence. Mr Girdlestone. surgeon, was called in, and in conjunction with Dr Ryan examined the case, deciding after consultation to forward the patient to the .Melbourne Hospital, as immediate amputation of the injured leg was necessary if she were &ble; to undergo the operation. After temporary measures had been resorted to with a view of .arresting tbe .flow of blood consequent upon the injuries, Miss Powell was re- moved to the- bcspiiaL It was found, however, that sheWAS not in a state to bear amputation. She rapidly sank, and died at a quarter to two o'clock on Monday morning. Miss Powell - was the sister cf Mr Powell, the accountant in ihe Star office. Rather a peculiar occurrence (says the P. C. Nervz) took jjlabe at the Grampians on Thursday during the thunderstorm which passed over there and threatened to visit •StawelL The air was highly charged with electricity throughout the day, and the men engaged at work along the ilunie line were conscious, when toaehing the iron ftu'ming,of a slight tiagling in the hands £md arms, which was felt even for a few moments after contact with the iron had eeasc-d. After an unusually brilliant flash of lightning, the shock was so severe that about a dozen men who were engaged in the immediate vicinity were -knocked over, and for some minutes afterwards felt the- trs* gling sensation spoken of. • Oae of thein who was at" work r.t the Hume had a cold steel chisel in his band at the time, and the shock bad so contracted his muscles that he could not open cut his hand, and the chisel had to be dravrn through it. A very short time alter this had been done he was able to straighten out his baud, but for some time afterwards 011 ton^hicg the cliisel he felt a slight shock. Savcral other workmen who were engaged with iron or steel tools j experienced very similr-r sensitions, though fortunately no one v.-;is hurt. The telegraph lines on the route to Hr.r ^iam were also very much influenced by the state of the atmosphere, though beyond dei.-iying the transmission of messages -for a short time, no ir.jsry was done. Mr Thomas George Sites, a' commercial traveller, v.-ho was iujcro>3 ny the viihvay accident at Beaufort, has issued (says the Telegraph) a writ agaiust B-jEird oi and Works, through Mr Ktamerson, his solicitor, for the recovery of £3300 as com- '• Position. The Railway Department offered '; , to P- a -y J * c &ites; f 703 aU mescal ex- I penses; but tne oiler WSB refused, ililliga-n, in order that they might be fitted with the necessary appliances to test his electric brakes. A frightful railway accident (says the Age) at eleven o'clock on Sun J ay morning at tho I Dooea station, resulting jr. the death ! a bae-repatrer named .3 .mas Sproule, agei | 40 Tiie deceased was also an assistaBt on a v.-ater-traui,' which supplies all the gatc-bonses with water on Sundays. The tom | ueanag tlie Doocn station when a j spout of one of the tanks fell o3" the truck, | Tlle deceased-was in taeact of jumping off when he lost lus balance and fell underneath the wheels, which passed over both legs below tlie knees, crushing all the bones in the ltfwer extremities. He also sustained a severe injury to the chest. Spronle was coveyed by the same train to Hcrsham, and admitted to the hospital about twelve o'clock. Dr Steel was_ called acd promptly attended, but immediately pronounced the case hopeless. The doctor remained in constant attendance up till the time of Spicule's death, which occurred at about a quarterpast four in the afternoon. Deceased resided at GL--.v?rchy, and leaves a wife and five children. No I/lame is attached to anyone. JIr Berry (says the Argvs) proposes to appoint a Wird to enquire into the Cerberus disaster at the earliest moment. Tlie~hon. gentleman received tbe iievvis on Saturday evening, as he was about visiting one of the theatres, hut instead he at <mce placed himself in communication with the authorities at Queen.5elil£ with the view of affording any assistance that might be required. A thorough investigation (says the Tefeffraph) into the causes of tlie discoloration ahd pollution cf the Yan Yeaa was held by the Melbourne Water Supply Board oil Friday. and Saturday last, at Yan Yean. A party, consisting of the board, representatives of the press, the luspector-General of Works. Mr Force, Mr Johnsou (the Government analytical chcmist), aud Signer Bellanos (one of tbe cjmmissaonere of the Italian couri at the Exhibition, and a military engineer), started from the White Hart hotel oa Friday morning f of the Tan Yean. Daring the two days named, ever thirty luihss of ground, were traversed iu prosecuting enquiries, and exaaiiniiig the- watershed of tbs Plenty. Tiie object of' the enquiry was to find, out ii it was. practicable to divert tbe watercourses which polluted the lake, and, if lot, to enquire into the feasibility of the Watts scheme. The result of the research will probably be that the Yan Vein can bniy l be rendered wholesome and palatable by sacrificing nearly halt the area of the watershed. ' This, it was considered, would be im practicable, since tbe reduction- of tiie watergathering area would render the supply to Melbourne and the suburbs quite inadequate for requirements. Bi-eiy precaution aiid" care have been taken to prevent 3uy further discoloration or pollution, and, pending the decision of the Government with regard to, the Watts scbenie, instructions were issued by the board for the progress of, such works as would be necessary to intercept the driftisg of silt and the sconrings of certain creeks into tbe late. The party returned to Melbourne oa Sauday evening, btLviajr used tiie. iaiearvejiing time ta-advsatage. The conviction that the River Watts will litre to be resorted to for tbe supply to Melbourne was materially strengthened after the inspection of the Plenty watershed. On Thursday night (says tiie Maryborough Ad?!£rtiser} -ivhcti the driver of the last train to Maryborough was leaving the Creewick station, he beard a groati, 1 'apparently pro-: ceeding from immediately under the wheels of the engine. He stopped the train at once, and oa a somber of persona inspecting the line, an old maa«£ about ally yearts of age was found lying near tbe lines, bb»aiiig nit>fuBely frtkm tiis head. " A very amall ^log which was with the snjesed fcdivi4aa3,'iion - ever, vcvild sot allow tiie rescues to approach his master, and it waSiwKh the . - «— that the mimal could be removed, when^at was-discarerwl thai the man had fallenneartheKne, bis head slmost touching tbe pail. The ftacge of tbe wheel carried away bis bat, and inflicted a severe cut along the top of isiv Kfead. Although severely hurt, it is most probable that he will recover, llic dog showed ihe Teatast -objection to anyone attempting to interfere with bis mastery growling and snapping at anyone who approached Irim: When the poor man was placed on a stretcher, the dog jumped up with -him, and on the way to the hospital made a. bite at the stationmaster's band when be attempted to move the pillow'upou which the sufferer's bead reclined. . - A fetal accident (says the Argus) ofccnrred at the racecourse on Saturday. As a haa- •som cab, driven" by a man named Thomas Bethel, was entering the enclosure, a boy named George Preaean suddenly ran injront of the horse, and before tbe animal could be palled up the lad was knocked dowq and run over. Death was almost instantaneous. The fcabmanwas arrested upon a charge of manslaughter. The local committee (the Argus Bays) of the Maldon Reform League has written to Mr Mirams, asking him to nominate a secoa J candidate in Mr Casey's place. Tho Donald Times is informed that the Karyrie ran consists of about 40,000 acres,, and was onae good fattening country; now, through the quantity of rabbits on it; tbe run only carries ^ibout 1090 sheep, and these bad to be removed last week, iii consequence • of the little pests having eaten all the grass. The annual meeting of tlie movable com-.; mittee of - the M.U.LO.O.F. will commence to-day at twelve o'clock, in the BaUarat East Town Hall, which has been loudly-granted for the purpose. It is expected that there will be fully fifty delegates at the meeting. In the evening , tbe G.M., officers, and deputies will be entertained at a banquet at Craig's Royal hotel. A tea meeting in connection with the Trimly Independent Church will take place this evening, to be followed by a concert of sacred music.. The ordinary meeting of the Loyal BJlarat Lodge, M. U. LO.O. F., will be held on Wednesday evening at tbe British Queen hotel, at eight o'clock. The Rev. S. Hebditeh, of Melbcmrce, will preach in the BaptistChurch, Dawson street, next "Thursday evening.. A meeting of the St. Patrick's festival committee will be held at the asnal place this evening, at eight o'clock. All members are requested to attend. The annual picnic of St Paul's Sunday school will take place in the Botanic Gardens next Thursday. Donations of cash, fruit, &c.;, will be received tip to Wednesday evening by the sexton. • 