BUSH-FIRES. A bush-fire is, doubtless, often a magnm- cent ,as well as an awful, sight to the romantic spectator. Such splendid illumin ations on a moonless night have been frequently, though inefficiently, depicted on canvas and celebrated iu prose ana verse. Those, however, who are likely to suffer from them see only the dark and unpicturesque side of the picture, ana those who have not witnessed such con flagrations in circumstances favorable to the devouring demon can form 110 concep tion of it3 rapidity and destructiveuess- Given a strong hot wind, long grass, parched underwood and a rise of ground, and it will travel, as some of us may have had occasion to know, as fast as or faster than a fleet horse will gallop And yet, although this swift and terrible enemy can securely be guarded against and is limited in its fiery course, it- is too frequently allowed to career over hill and plain : always marking its course by devastation, and often by bodies of the slain. 'There has scarcely been a single issue of this journal during the last fort night which did not contain some record of damage done by bush-fires, ©r barely staved oft". It is true the harvest is all but gathered in ; but the corn is not safe in the stacks or in the granary while people are so regardless of this insidious f«e. Even wealthy homesteads, where one would think some precautions would have been taken, have hah narrow escapes from annihilation. Mr M. O Doxnell's substantial and elegant home at Morriang was only saved from destruction the other day by the bravery and promptitude of a girl who, jumping into a man's saddle as the flames approached, mustered a strong contingent from Myrrleford, to arrive only iu the nick of time. It is the custom to blame the recklessness of .sv/agmeu and travellers for most of these visitations, and 110 doubt they are very careless in re gard to lighted matches ami camp-fires. But have not the farmers and graziers themselves to blame iu many : is-.-s lor damage which might have ' ecu easily guarded ag.uust ? It is, 1:0 d-mbt, deplor able to think what injury may be done by an unextinguished vesta or a lighted stump left smouldering alongside the highway, to be blown into flame by the next null' of wind. We have all known thousands of acivs of good grass to be de stroyed through th - lighting 01 one's pipe o>' boiling a billy of tea ; and although the penalty is a heavy one, it seldom reaches the perpetrator. A few heavy examples would go a long way towards checking this source of harm, but the persons likely to suffer take 110 active steps in the matter. The insurance offices, also, should bring pressure to bear on the authorities, in order to have the law more strictly enforced. The real prevention of consequences, however, lies with the possible suiibrers themselves. There do exist means of reducing the danger to a minimum, and the more generally they are employed the greater becomes the public security. Every in dividual who adopts them establishes a safeguard not only for himself. Out his neighbors. Where it is intended to lay down paddocks in the ensuing season carefully burning off the headlands is a safe and even a serviceable proceeding ; because if rain comes, a fresh and incom bustible vegetation immediately springs up. If the land is intended for f -.ilo-.vor for another crop, ploughing round the fences is a good shield, and the w ork is not thrown away. Lint general safety c uikl be more economically secured by local combination. A line might bo cheaply drawn round a given number of farms, either by ploughing or burning uff'n couple of perches. Even fenced roads are frequently fertile sources of danger, with their patches of long grass under the fences and careless travellers. Y>e think the shire roadsmen should he directed to see to this, and to help the farmers to prevent lives from that cause. Brush fences ought either jjoba totally forbidden or allowed only under stringent condi tions. They are simply trains of gun powder. The commons managers should also take active measures, in their own interest and for the sake or example. The gold fields commons managers, at all events, have money to spare, and by spending some of it judiciously they would increase their revenues. No doubt the settlers in the vicinity would be too glad to assist them. It is terrible to think that a heap of dead thistles and a spark from a pipe may cause the loss of thousands and thousands of pounds, in a single day ; causingabsoluteruin, probably, to scores of families, and endangering human lives. Surely if comparative safety, if not absolute immunity, from such a danger can be secured by such simple precautions, it is sheer madness to employ them. The Doe Tax. — So far the dog tax in the Benalla district has not (says the ' 1 Standard") proved a great success. For ; what with the collector receiving the lion's share, and the annoyance felt by the tax payers, the tax has been voted a general nuisance. Where the hardship has been 1 most severely felt is with selectors. They look upon the necessity of keeping a dog or two as part of their stock, for many reasons. In some eases they are abso lutely necessary to keep down the rabbit And thus the- tax unjustly falls a class whose interests demand first ; deration ' The Mousse Testimonial. —With re- 1 gard to the testimonial proposed to be raised to the memory of the late Dr Moussd, we have been given to under stand thit the President of the Ovens District Hospital (Mr Richard Warren) purposes calling a public meeting, to be held in the Town Hall, Beechworth, early next week. Wangaratta Police Court. — On Mon day, before the Mayor, and Mr Bickerton, J. P., Mary Jane Bryan was charged with vagrancy. It appeared from evidence that the accused had been calling on several persons in the borough, stating that she was in a state of destitution. The Bench sentenced her to two months' imprison ment in Beechworth Gaol. Beechworth Police Court. — On Tues day, before Messrs Jno. Turner and Jas. Ingram, J.P.'s, Felix O'Connor summoned Charles Murdoch for illegally detaining the sum of £2. The case arose over a bet about a horse at the Beechworth and North-Eastern Agricultural and Horticul tural Association's show held in March last ;. and ;.fter hearing plaintiff's evidence the Bench decided to dismiss the case — having no jurisdiction. The "Illustrated Australian News." — We have received the holiday number of the " Illustrated Australian News," which is double the ordinary size. The illustrations, which reflect great credit unon the skill of the artist, depict scenes in connection with a holiday ramble along the Yarra track — which is described in in teresting letterpress. Many of the scenes depicted are of delightfully picturesque spots, and the whole number is one which is most suitable for residents of these colonies to send home to their friends in the " old country," as giving an insight to the romantic nature and beauties of Victorian scenery. The Crops. — The crops in the Benalla district are so far in as to form an estimate of the yields. The result, however, is, we learn from the " Standard," by no means equal, as some parts yield only a bag or two to the acre, while a mile away ten or twelve bushels to the acre are obtained. The failure is mainly amongst the lately- sown grain, which became soddened through the heavy rains that fell just after sowing time. A County Court for Yarrawonga. — Mr G. W. Hall, M.P. for Moira, has received a numerously signed petition from residents of Yarrawonga, for presen- tition to the H011. the Attorney-General, praying that a County Court may be established at Yarrawonga. Swimming. — At the annual meeting <f the Beechworth Bath Swimming Club held on the 10th inst., there being a fair attendance, the report and balance-sheet were presented, received and adopted. Mr F. T. Aloore was unanimously re elected hon. secretary. Mr F. Newsou was elected hon. treasurer ; Messrs A. Kiplinir, F. Brett and W. Telford a committee ; and Mr Joseph Morrison handieapper and starter. It was decided that the swimming races this year should take place 011 Saturday, oth February ; and that Mr J. G. Orr be asked to act as judge. After a vote of thanks to the retiring officers, the meeting adjourned. As the time before the holding of the annual event is limited, those gentlemen who purpose presenting prizes are desired to signify their intention of so doing without delay. Impounded Geese. — As the action re cently taken by the inspector of nuisances for t'li- Bn rim Mi l-idinc nf flip. TTiiitnrl Shire of Beechworth, in impounding a large number of geese oil the streets and subsequently destroying them after giving twenty-four hours' notice, has been much commented upon and its legality doubted by the owners of the birds, we give for general information the section of the Pounds Statute relating thereto : " The occupier of any lands and a Crown lands bailiti' upon Crown lands may destroy or cause to be destroyed any goats or pigs or geese trespassing 011 such lands ; and if the owner of such goats or pigs or geese tail to remove their carcases in thin twelve hours after the destruction ©f them, the person destroying such goats or pigs or geese shall cause such carcases to be buried. " There being some doubt as to whether streets could be classed as " Crown lands," the council have obtained the opinion of their solicitor, who has given an answer in the affirmative. The action taken by the inspector of nuisances as above stated may at first sight appear to be arbitrary ; but he has not exceeded the duties of his ofiice iu his zeal to suppress what was deemed to be a public nuisance. We believe one of the owners of the destroyed bipeds threatens an action against the council for damages, and with a view of testing the legality of the course pursued by them towards his property. We would advise owners of such gregarious birds as geese to in future look more carefully after them, and there by prevent their destruction. Wangaratta Borough Council. — The Wangaratta correspondent of the " Benalla Standard" writes : — The Wangaratta Borough Council has done well to pay its water overdraft, which amounted to £208, out of the nearly £'G00 received from publicans' licenses, and brewers' and wine and spirit licenses. This is a step in the right direction, because such a revenue may not be available every year. There is a feeling abroad that in the present depress© -1 state of affairs the publicans of Wangaratta can 110 longer afford to pay a £25 license. An effort will be made to have the borough proclaimed a £10 licensing district. It is believed that there ate members in the borough council who would support any such application. Cricket. — The Yackandandj.li first eleven will proceed to Albury 011 Saturday morning to try conclusions with the local club. A grand day's outing is expected. An Error.— Our attention has been called by the secretary of the Wangaratta Cricket Club to an error which appeared in the report of the meeting of the club, published in Saturday's issue. It was stated that a match had been arranged with the Hurdle Creek Club for the 29th prox., whereas it should have been with the Hurdle Flat United for the 19th prox. Melbourne Grain Market. — At the Com Exchange, Melbourne, on Tuesday there was a large att endance of buyers. Competition for shipping lines of wheat was keen, and prices obtained were about equal to last weeks', rates. By auction and privately were sold about 1500 bags of fair to good, 3s lid to 4s Old ; other sorts, 3s 5d to 3s lOid ; oats, 2s 6d to 2s 9d ; English barley, 3s 3d to 3s 9d : Cape, 2s 3d to 2s did ; peas, 2s Sd ; maize, 4s to 5id ; bran, 9d to 9;d ; sharps, prime quality, lOfd ; flour, £8 15s to £9. The Closing of the Exhibition. — The commissioners have definitely decided to keep the Melbourne International Exhi bition open till Saturday, 30th April. Most of 'the foreign commissioners have intimated that it will afford them much pleasure to assist in maintaining the attractions of the Exhibition for the extra month. The " Sketcher." — We have received the number of the "Australasian Sketcher" for the 29th inst. Delayed. — Our correspondent's letter from Wangaratta, forwarded to this office on Monday night by train, did not reach our hands until the following day, owing to the neglect on the part of some one of the railway officials. It contained several items of news, besides an advertisement of sale by Mr A. Tone, which appears in our business columns of this issu6. The Hospital Resident Surgeon. — As will be seen by our report, which appears in another column, Dr W. A. Dobbyn was, at the meeting of the Committee of Management of the Ovens District Hospital held on Tuesday even ing almost unanimously elected resident surgeon of that institution. We give elsewhere, in noticing the appointment, a few facts relative to the career of Dr Dobbyn, which cannot fail to be read with interest. Charitable Concert. — A public meeting was held at Leneva on Monday, the 24th inst., for the purpose of getting up a concert and ball in aid of the Ovens District Hospital. The meeting was very well attended, and everyone present entered heartily into the movement. A committee consisting of the following gentlemen was appointed : — Messrs G. S. Manns, Ferguson, W. Street, H. Huon, E. Williams, M. Parnaby and T. Boyes. Mr W. Street was also elected honorary secretary. Correction. — In noticing the fire which occurred at Mr C. H. Barbour's residence, Beechworth, on Monday night we men tioned that that gentleman appeared first on the scene and put out the fire. He has since informed us that Miss Moore and her sister Minnie, Miss Josephine Fox aud Miss Edith Barbour, on noticing the fire, very pluckily and with commend able presence of mind tore down the burning curtains. Their cries of " Fire" attracted Mr Barbour to the spot, and he assisted them in quenching the flames, at the expense of his hands and beard. Discharge of the Land Leaguers. — By a cablegram received last night, per Reuter, we notice that the jury in the trial of Mr Parnell and other members of the Irish Land League, which was brought to a conclusion on Tuesday, after being locked up f .»r eight hours, failed to agree upon a verdict ; and the traversers were consequently discharged. On leav ing the court Mr Parnell received a per fect ovation. The Albury Municipal Elections. — On Tuesday, at 110011, the returning-officer (Alderman Lamport) opened the nomina tion papers of the candidates offering themselves for the annual election. Alder men Edmondsou (the present mayor), Jones and Affleck are the three members of the Borough Council who retire this year, and of those the two first named do not come forward again. The retiring auditors are Messrs A. E. Heath and J. J. Jones. The following are the names of the candidates for the vacancies in the Borough Council, together with their nominators ; — G. H. Billson, nominated by J. Johnson and C. Ten Brink ; G. Caltlin, by G. Adams and E. Walsh ; S. Mudge, by A. Aeschimannand J. J. Jones ; A. W. Wallder, by J. Cattlin and J. Blackie ; and T. Affleck by W. Frew and W. Davidson. Double nominations were as follow. — G. H. Billson by T. Affleck and W. Frew ; and G. C. Thorold by C. Smith and J. H. Matthews. The following are nominated as auditors : — J. J. Jones, 113- E. Walsh and P. Cronin ; J. Macken zie, by J. Henderson and J. Downie ; and A. E. Heath and W. Lambort, by M. Justice and J. C. Gray. The nominations wili be for mall' declared at 110011 next Tuesday at the Mechanic's Institute. Albury Mems. — Oiu correspondent on Wednesday writes ; — Owing to careless, lioss on the part of Mr Edincndson or some of his friends, he was not nominated foi the municipal elections. This is to be regretted ; inasmuch as the mayor has taken a most active part in the reform oi the council, and being an independent man a better, representative of the citizens of Albury could not be found for the forthcoming railway' demonstration. The elections, I think, will result as follows : — Billson, 1; Affleck, 2; Mudge, 3. Sir Alfred Stephen, Lieutenant-Governor of the colony of New South Wales and member of the Upper House, left for Sydney this morning. He was accom panied round the town and to Fallon's winescellars by Captain Battye, superin tendent of police. More Meat From Australia. — Meat companies, it is asserted, make 110 man's fortune. At least, a victim has addressed a warning to the effect to the "Times." But ihere may be reasons to explain this, observes the "Home News.'' The im portation of dead meat to this country in any large quantities threatens to interfere with the profits of a very large and in fluential class — the butchers, wholesale and retail. Through them, directly ©r indirectly, the process of distribution is checked and hampered, while it will bo readily understood that the retail butchers, have it iu their power to nearly stop the sale of the imported meat. A few words from them to their customers are sufficient to " crab" the meat, as the saying is, and prevent purchases. Happily there is enterprise enough to make head against all this opposition, and a new- company lias been started, under very brilliant auspices, to carry out, on a large scale, the importation of frozen meat from. Australia and elsewhere. The meat is to lie kept at a low temperature on the voyage by the Bell-Coleman refrigerating ma chinery, and the supply will be brought regularly by each succeeding mail steamer. This is, perhaps, the surest way of com passing success. Buyers here only want to be assured of a regular supply. But that supply must be placed readily and freely on the market, and if the new com pany can rely really upon the meat salesmen with whom it has contracted for this purpose, there is no reason why the financial prospects of this last meat scheme should not be promising enough. 