THURSDAY, JANUARY 20th, 1881: We hold over the leading article, for fall mail news, and local reports. We give on the fonrth page an interesting article from the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser on wheat shipments from Geelong. Beater telegraphs that the River Thames on Tuesday overflowed its banks to an extent hardly ever equalled, flooding nnmeroua warehouses and the adjacent streets of Lon don, sinking 100 barges, and causing damage estimated at £2,000,000. Agrarian outrages in Ireland continue, and secret meetings are constantly being held. The movements of Fenians in England are onsing great disquietude. The House of Commons has negatived Mr M'Cartby's amendment on the address in reply to the Queen's speech by splurge majority. The K.M.S. Rofailla arrived at Albany at 10.4f> p.m. on the iStb icst. Farther particulars regarding the wreclc of the ship Hereford and the fatal accident which occurred on Tuesday morning will be found in another coIuecd. Another boat accident took place on Tuesday evening, when a man named John M'Cormick, resid ing in Melbourne, narrowly escaped being drowned in the surf. By the P. and O. mail steamer Cathay, which left Hobson's Bay yesterday, Mr Gr. P- Kobertson, of Colac, took his departure for Europe, It iB his intention to remain in England and on the Continent for about twelve months, to recruit his impaired health. At the special meeting of the committee of the Geelong Hospital, held yesterday afternoon, a letter was read from the resi dent Enrgeon tendering his resignation. It was agreed to postpone the matter for consi deration until the next meeting. There was a little bitter feeling exhibited owing to the belief that Dr. Scott's resignation was caused through the action of the annual meeting of the subscribers. It was asserted that Dr. Scott would not be able to work harmoniously with the honorary medical staff, owing to a slight personal difference with one of them. Some extensive bush-fires occurred in this district yesterday, and caused considerable destruction to property. Accounts of the di sasters are published in another column. The fire at Lethbridge, and which spread as far as Leigh Road, appears to have been oc casioned by a spark flying out of the funnel of the locomotive of the morning train from Melbourne to Ballarat. To show the loading advantages of this port, the R. B. Fuller took in yesterday 1591 bags wheat, equal to about 190 tons. This is 40 tons in excess of Capt. Gardiner's evidence before the Legislative Council. At the recent examination for State school exhibitions, Master Haughton Farrel], one of Mr G. F. Hutton's pupils, succeeded in securing the fifth place on the prize list. This is the only exhibition that has been gained this year by the pupils of the Geelong schools. The following list shows the names of the Geelong competitors, and the number of marks obtained by eachHaughton Farrell, 619 ; Albert Holden, 503 ; Henry Dalglish, 482; Charles Batrd, 444; Annte Griffiths, 407 ; Herbert Carlisle, 396 ; J. B. Gibson, 378 ; Henrietta Pye, 359; William Wal,on, 359; \V. Webber, 352; EL Diebv. 182\. b J The weather yesterday was very disagree, able. A hot wind,with clouds of dust,swept through the streets all the forenoon, and, although there was one light shower of rain in the morning, it was insufficient to wet the streets. In the afternoon there were several peals of thunder and a few drops of rain, and the air was exceedingly oppressive. Towards evening, a cool south-westerly breeze set in, and somewhat relieved the mugginess |of the atmosphere, whilst later on several refreshing showers of rain made the night enjoyably cool. It redounds to the credit of Mr Lloyd, one of tiie recently elected members of the committee of the hospital, that he took the opportunity of enquiring, yesterday, at ! the special meeting, how it was that a patient hsd been allowed to leave the hospital with out a pair of old boots, seeing that the un fortunate man had lost his own through an accident. Ho doubt Mr Lloyd took his cue from a paragraph published in the AdverlUer yesterday morning, in which the police, as well as the hospital authorities, were al luded to. There were two responses to Mr Lloyd's question, the first being from Mr Brown, to the effect that the hospital nvas not a clothing establishment, which was a perfectly useless piece of information ; and the other was from Mr Caldwell, who led the committee to believe that the charge was unfounded, and that the man was° well treated, and left of his own accord with some of his comrades. It seems a pity that the committeemen are not told the whole truth when they are instructed to give an expla nation. The man Johnson did go away shoeless, and he did not leave with his com rades. He had to limp by the side of a policeman from the hospital to the railway station, and if it had not been for Mr P.. 1 O'Toole, a generous publican, he would have had to go to Melbourne without any cover ing for his feet. The statement is simple enough, and the question, who's fault was it ? is the same. A number of novelties in the shape of Brazilian pebble ornaments are on view at the shop of Mr C. K. Pearson, jeweller, of Moorabool-atreeh The ornaments, which are the handiwork of Mr E. W. Tichenes, lapidist, of London, whose son is now on a visit to Geelong, embrace all designs, includ. ing figures of racehorses, dogs, yachts, birds, a coach and pair, trotting horse in full action, and a variety of other represen tations. The work of cutting the designs into the pebbles from the back shows great ingenuity and dexterity on the part of the lapidist, and the ornaments, besides being beautiful novelties,can be used for bracelets, pins, solitaires, studs, etc. As a work of art the ornaments are worth inspecting. At the Police Conrt yesterday, before the Mayor and Mr Brady, J.P., Frederick Merandez was charged with lunacy, and, on the certificates of Drs. Rupert Pincott and J. G. Carstairs, supported by the statements of Messrs R. W. Boyle, the Court ordered him, the accused, to the Kew Asylum. The hoy Walter Cnrrie, charged with shooting at Mary Ryan with intent to do grievous bodily harm, on the 11th instant, at the Anakies, was, on the evidence brought forward, committed to take his trial at the Assizes, to be held on the 14th February. The ship Arethusa, from Adelaide, beat up the Bay yesterday morning, and berthed alongside the Railway Pier, to load wheat for the London market. Yesterday, at the Court of Petty Sessions held at Mount Moriac, before the Police Magistrate and Colonel Conran, J.P the electoral roll for the district were submitted and confirmed without any objection. A lectuie proposed to be given last night at the Orderly Rooms of the Geelong Artil -lery, by Captain Snee, Inspector of Gunnery for the Colony, was postponed, on account of the small number present. The men were put through a course of gun drill in the gnn room instead. Major Rashleigh, Captain Swift, 2 sergeants, and 30 men were pre sent. A bootmaker named George Fisher, a resi dent of Geelong, on Tuesday last got one of his fiDgers crushed by a cog-wheel at Mr Sinclair's boat yard. The injuries were such that he had to go to the hospital, where he was attended to. Mr Northcote Doble has been elected without opposition as a member of the School Board of Advice for the North Riding, Shire of Bannockburn. A very successful concert was given last evening in St. Mary's schoolroom by the members of the Catholic Young Men's As sociation, assisted by lady and gentleman friends. The concert was in aid of the St. Mary's Dram and Fife Band, and it is be lieved that a substantial sum will be realised. The Chairman, the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., delivered an address, advocating the claims of the band for pecuniary support. The entertainment was a good one, and appeared to be thoroughly appreciated by the large audience. In the vocal portion Miss M. Mansfield Bang with sweetness and effect, " Horn of Chase," and "Away to the mountain's brow," and in a duet with m;.. Maher, " Wind and the Harp," received well-merited applause. The solo, "Kath leen Mavonrneen," rendered by Miss Maker, was a decided treat, and MIm Mulligan must be especially com. plimenfced for her rendering of " Maid of Athene." Two songs, *'Crniskeen Lawn,' and " Still I love thee," were excellently sung by Mr E» O'Connor ; and the comic 3ongs, " Moriarty " and " Regular Army,1' by Mr Joe. Ryan, now a resident of Sand hnrsfc, were so exquisitely humorous that the vocalist had to respond to several en cores. A piccolo solo was played by Mr E. Wall very nicely, and recitations were given by Messrs Bayley, Crough, aud T. Cassidy; and a double song and dance by Messrs E. Kinsella and F. Keenan was one of the fea tures of the evening. The pianoforte accom paniments were ably played by Miss K. Mansfield. We understand that Reuter's agency at Melbourne has coded several thousand words lately, having reference more particularly to commercial matters, for the benefit of the mercantile community. Efforts are being made to induce the A.S.X. Company to run a steamer direct from Brisbaue to Hobart. Mr W. Clarke, of Grenville, who formerly represented that district, entered the Bal larafc Hospital on Tuesday as a paying pa tient. A little girl, ten 3rears of age, the daughter of Mr Ring, sawmill proprietor at Shep parton, was drowned in the Goulburn on Saturday evening. The result of the operations of the Bal larafc Woollen Company for the past half year nave been more~ successful than for some time previous, the profits being nearly £1500, or at the rate of about 11 per cent, on the subscribed capital. A dastardly act was committed early yes* terday morning ac Mr Milan's claim, on the White Horse Ranges, Ballarat, some persons having thrown the windlass, rope, and bucket to the bottom of the shaft, about SO feet deep, which tore away the slabs and otherwise did serious damage. ' A warder from Noumea failed on T ues day last to recognise a French escapee from New Caledonia at present confined in Bris bane Gaol, and the man will be released to day, unless some criminating evidence is produced. We (Age) learn from a private source that Mr Robert Watson, late Engineer-in- Chief of Victoria, and now in charge of the survey party of the Transcontinental railway from Roma to the Gulf of Carpentaria, reached Mitchell Downs on the 16th inst., all well, and intended starting again the fol lowing day. In the Assembly at Sydney on Tnesday, Mr Young withdrew his motion interfering with the right of '.Ministers to arrange an intercolonial customs conveution. A select committee was appointed to consider the subject of assisted immigration. A return was ordered of all free railway passes issued for the last two years. According to the Climes Guardian, an employe of an undertaker in that town, is in the habit of concealing himself in one of the coffins on the premises whenever he drinks more beer or spirits than will keep him steady, or allow him to work. With ! the coffin lid over him, he thus sleeps off the effects of his potations. The correspondent of the Age telegraphs from Bridgewater on Tuesday last:- This morning a fire occurred and destroyed about five acres of a beautiful garden belonging to Mr Wingfield. It took several hours to ex tinguish the flames and to prevent them from spreading. The fire was caused through the sun shining on a glass bottle which set fire to some dry grass. A public meeting was held on Tuesday evening at St. Patrick's Hall, Melbourne, the avowed object of which (says the Age) was to express moral sympathy with Air C. S. Parnell and all others who are endeavor ing with him, legally and constitutional, to redress the wrongs of the tenant farmers of Ireland. Letters of apology were read from Sir John O'Shanassy and Messrs H. Bolton, R. M. Smith,and Pearson, Ms.L.A. The chair was occupied by Mr Long more, who delivered a speech based on the model of the inflammatory harangues which have for months past been familiar to the readers of the Irish papers. Not content with dwelliug on many of the undeniable evils of the land system in Ire laud, he justified the acts of agrarian out rage by declaring that Irishmen did not shoot for nothing. Mr Dow, M.L.A., pro posed a resolution, expressing strong sym pathy with Mr Parnell, which was seconded by Mr J. J. Walsh, and carried unani mously. Resolutions denouncing- the odious system of landlordism in Ireland, and arranging for the opening of a de fence fund for Mr Parnell and the others now being prosecuted for sedition, were carried. \- At the weekly meeting of the Melbourne. Hospital committee, held on Tuesday last, a charge against Dr. Woiuarski came under notice. Mr Lyons reported that during the investigation of the case of the woman O'Donnell he was met that day by Dr. Woinarski in the passage of the hospital, who remarked to him, " There is blood on yonr heads." The tone of Dr. Woinarski was most offensive. Mr Plunkett also stated that Dr. Woinarski had met hiui and remarked that he was a " murderer." Mr Lyons considered it indecent on the part of any of the • officers of the hospital to address a committee man in that way. Dr. Woinarski was sent for to be questioned on the subject, but it was found that he had gone out for the afternoon; The secretary was requested to ask Dr. Woinarski for an explanation. 