BREVIA. dunes Agricultural Show to-day. Dunolly Hospital fele will take place to-day. A new vegetable market has been opened at Prahran. .The enquiry board will proceed to Qlenrowan on Friday. The advent of the warm weather is bringing out the snakes. Father Qenneberry has commenced a week’s mission at Avoca. Ballarat Horticultural Society Spring Show. 17th and 18th Inst. ; ’ Dingoes or wild dogs are now very numerous and bold on the borders of the Mallee. • Public and bank holiday to-day, being the anniversary of the Prince of Wales' birthday. The Austrian Band is at Perth, Western Australia. Mr M‘Elhono, a New South Wales politician, passed through Ballarat last week. - ' Several Adelaide 1 backers were missing at the Spring Meeting settling. Shares in the Maryborough Gas .Company going off well.. J. Walker installed as W.M. of Masons, Mary borough lodge, last night. Bishop of Ballarat is to baptize Chinese con? verts at Maryborough shortly. . County Court fees on fresh scale to be charged after Ist December. ,• The Minister of Agriculture is taking steps to secure reliable agricultural returns, . - The Theophane wool ship has got off from the Corio bar, and is now in the bay. ' Railway carriage design competitors are aggrieved at the department’s action in not having designs judged disinterestedly. Police Commission will not commence to in vestigate the third branch of its enquiries until after Parliament has dealt with its first report. According to Mr Russell, Government astro nomer. N.S. W., the cradle of many of our gales is In Western Australia. . . - Mr Henry Lmrie, proprietor of the TTarr namhool Standard, has been appointed lecturer on logic to the Melbourne Unixeraity. The Church of England at Tongala, hear Eohuoa, has been destroyed by an incendiary fire. There are now 27,000 depositors in the Mel bourne Savings Bank, or 6800 more than at this time lostyear, and 10,700 more than in 1870. A box, shipped full of watches on the John Elder, was found to contain coals when delivered, in Sydney. ' ArthurS. Way, of the Loudon University, is to be head master of Wesley College, Mel bourne. A plausible young rascal in Geelong visits pri vate houses and . 'modestly solicits loans of two • ' A man named Black died in the train on 'Monday, between Sandhurst and Elmore. Causo, heart disease. James Humble, ah old identity of Clunes, and host of, the Duke of Edinburgh hotel, died last Wednesday, ’ . .' Bushfires have sot in rather earlier than usual. The Avoca Mail reports one having started hear Percydale. Five publicans were summoned on Monday at Geelong for Sunday trading.'Fines were inflicted in the majority of coses. . Mr Robert Strickland, of Sandhurst,' public prosecutor -under the Regulation of Minos Statute, has resigned his position. A claim for compensation amounting to £lOO has been made against the Geelong corporation by Mr Henry Scott, a commercial traveller., MrG. Pyets, of Lawler Station, has lost so many sheep- through dogs that he recently offered to act as dog inspector, free, of cost, to the Shire of St. Aroaud.. In the famorth of the Wimmera district, the phospborised oats are killing emus, native companions, and other kinds of native birds wholesale. . The councillors of the “model” borough of Eaglehawk fell out among themselves at their meeting on Monday, and some peculiar expressions were made use of. Te Whiti’s incarceration is not likely to load to active warfare. The latest telegram from the prophet’s stronghold, Parihaka, asserts that all is quiet in the neighborhood. Iq the Temora Herald it is stated that £16,000 has been offered for Parker’s prospect ing claim, and that Harry’ Parker would not take £lO,OOO for his share; . The observations, of the transit of Mercury yesterday at the Melbourne Observatory were, owing to the prevalence of. clouds, very unsatis factory. The diamond drill at Carisbrook has been re moved 1000 feet to the east, and a new bore has beau started on the claim of the Caris brook Freehold Estate Company. A blackfellow is one of the contestants ia the Sale “go-as-you-please” tournament. Ho is quite untrained, but keeps his place next to Swan, who yesterday was leading. Owing to petty jealousies the Insurance Fire Brigade and two or three Volunteer Brigades will not take part in to-day’s demonstration at Sydney, It is rumored that the clergy of the city and suburbs intend to petition Parliament against the monster sweeps in connection with racing. Lost night’s Het.ald says proceedings are to he taken against Mr William Mitchell, manager of the Old Welshman’s Reef Company, Maldon, for signing names of shareholders to deed of association. A Queensland mail contractor states that a black gin imformed him that amongst the En- deavor River blacks there is a white woman, with an aboriginal, 30 miles from Cooktown. A search party starts at once. The Warden of the Inglewood division reports increased, activity in working the reefing country round Whela. From another portion of. this district, Banker’s Flat, the Jones’ Beef Company obtained 81oz lOdwt from 125 tons. : A few doubles were booked yesterday, morn ing at the Victorian Club on the next Derby and Cup. Segenhoa and Segenhoe, Tangle and Tangle, and Navigator and Navigator were each backed. Mr H. F. Neal, inspector of public charities, reports.—“lt may bo worthy of note that public prostitution is said to have been brought, by the energetic action of the police, within a very small compass at Ballarat.” Negotiations are reported to be still on foot for the purpose of forming a coalition Govern ment. The men foremost in this cabal are said » to be Messrs Francis, Patterson, Pearson, Ram say, Munro, Dow, and others of that ilk. Caulfield, tho “ boy” politician, is said to be making heaps of money. He is now said to be an ardent admirer of the O’Loghlen Govern ment, and threatens to try conclusions noxt election with Jack Gardiner for Carlton. .While the Dundee baths were being emptied, a boy named Johnson was drawn through a pipe. 12 inches diameter, and oast into the Tay. He escaped with his life, bat received serious in juries. - 