? .. . News ancL-Motes. - C We feel it our duty to call attention A to the Newr""Havis -Vertical " Fded v Sewing Machine, which has carried I off the only first prize at the Mel- / bourne International Exhibition." V Some of the competitors, however, f, were, not ,satiBfied; ' Witb. thb "awards, y and protested. The Experts, how- y: ever, "hpheld "the decision and gave, (v the first prize for their Family Ma- ); chingnd ftte same for Hand. ..Messrs. V: W. F. Dixpn. apd'" Qo., ,of87 Elizabeth street, are the sole agents, and in- ).' tending purchasers and those interest- k\ od would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines. ' MATKisroNYTrj- Never were' such | . great advantages held "out to young people te marry as ,p,..pjrespat. ; A; 1 comfortable house may be turnished i for you, with every requisite to make' homejhgppy;, by jpmply. calling, upon.. .' Mr HqnryjiMfike of 186 Elizabeth . strcayyvho" will' arrange' with' you v to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give 1 you ifl whqyer ftirnjtiypu require to build up a home Why delay 7 Go and see Mr H. Marks and get muriedat once; Mr ' W. jp. Furlong notifies, \ that; he hasremoved Ijjs nptsic qtud jo to : thosqoandsome premises situate near ( Bussell-streot inLhtipbe-street,Whefe / there is a Jflfge:'haH and evjaiy_cqn:-. venience for students of the vocal 'art. s.-v-i O.lsll .. / Attention; is'- directed to the pros- : pectuaof'Mdgesartunion.ljfublibhecl elsewhere; It'emb'raoes a liberal dis- tribution of prizes, from -&1000 down , to £20 in vafud; ; Spedulifom -canton ; do better thah inVeat till this legitimate ' affair. " fi ' "r Gem PORTRAITS.— The young, lady who, while out Sketching! near Lottie') was burned fojddath by-a bushfire,-has since -'been: - identified - tbbou gh- a gem- ' portrait ibiBin'g-0f8'utid-T C amongst- the remnants. - :':r'Mr ,Mdelsten..-the(lpfdr' prietbr ofl'lthe Geni Studio, Collins- street east!" opposite Aye ""Office, has ; since recognised the portrait" as ! one . that was taken Studio- abbbfr ;a 'month ago. .troa We have,. received: a sample of' a new non-alcobic beverage, entitled; 'Wigorene7'"ifrbm Mr' ErBowiuiids, , cordialirbrafeifactrirer; Tt-'is'a'pleSsah't , ' sparkling ' drink'ahd is highly 're-1- ; commended hy Mr Johnson,- Govem- : ment an&ylitical;'chdmist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage." . It shou Id prove a very desideratum to- the tebtotal community especially; — The attention of our lady ' readers ' is directed to, an ahno'unqeto'Cnt'in ouf ' advertising ' columns . thatkilting: and.. quilting in all kinds of materials is, 'done by t yard at tJ?e. nqpsh. rBqpde-r;; rate 'rates' "at 79' Elizabeth street." They are. also desired to inspect some. ) of the most improved kiltlpg machinesj. which are on Bale at: the' same depot. A Fortune fob Ten Shillings.— ' We would dipt,thc tte.aiqn. of , 9ujr . , readers, to the valuable prizes offered ; by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union,. )the drawing foi whjoh is positively: ' fixed forthe3lsiinBttf The published . list of gentlemen who havq kindly consented to. superintend the 'drawing : . is a 'sufficient guarantee to tlje public i that everything will' be carried oub on? the great Masonic Principle---" oh the, . square." To those who believe in the) ' old" proverb— Nothing venture no-: '- thing have — should lose no time in: securing their tickets, which may be \- had at the office, next Royal- Mai Hotel, Bourke-street east, , We have received a copy of a hp . pamphl8t-called " Pagliano, Medicine . for Fathers "of Families, er everyofae .his own and Children's Doctor." It" ' emanates from Florence, Italy) whefe Profoesor Girolamo Pagliano has ' written the book to relieve the human raqje, and instruct, the people in prac- . tical medicine. With his Pagliapo Herbal Syrup he treats the blood, .and i , so aims at the root of disease. A number of testimonials are given from Bufferers who have benefitted by this i remedy. This truly marvellous medi cine can be had from Mr Evans, Chemist, Evans Medical Hall, 92 i , Stephen-street. Mr. Evans has im ported the medicine direct from Pro- 1 -feasor Girolamo Pagliano's eetablish- I men, Florence. The books, of in-- stfuction are published in English, at ' the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the I only ones imperted here in ;that lan guage — Price with pamphlet 5s. or ' stamps, by letter, address D. Evans, I Evans' Medical Hall,' JStephen-street. Mr EvanB has received an Invoice of No l Trjegjharfhy rojrJeifs piateni " ;of England).-' This celebrqd iMedVj... >cine is in the forp pf a Loehge,.:Jh)a " as asovereign Remedy :for aU ';ekt veu8 ', Disorders has "proved .'a /gresiti:, success. . . \ 7 Y . .- . THE'.;fqllowii: tstimpnial to J the elcacy- bjErHopa's, Corn jjfclveiit wUF» .be rea4 ffitereBt- Vy those \mof' "suffer . aqd- do not know wher'C to " find c 4 ' relief for'the troublesome complaint of' . -Qprns. :— '" Sir- Beingaeyrely-triedb-y- a large and paost troublesome corn on the top 'of : one of my toes for more \- than FOBTT-YKAB8, and-having- had" - it twice pretended to be taken out, and I have often tried other means to dissolve our union, but all in vain. I i was at length induced hy your recom- mendation; to-fry- " Heel's Cmti "Bol- ' vent," which, -lam happy;, to'say, in | -five days froni its b'eing'iirSt applied, . enabled- "md. -most' (successfully to ' triumjjh over, my. .jmwlcqfne>.>;«ffn- ( paniqn ; to 'get . rid. qf . w.hich l have . ' 'seve'ral' times 'ha8 serious thoughts of ' having the toe amputated. I am now, ( after- waiting ten or twelve months to . see if he would return, entirely free ' from all pain i(ccasi-pped®j well as ( atty-:appearancAof its returth-- 1 have , recommended it to some of my family ' and frierias", who have been equally / .successful in removing these old and . troublesome intruders. You have my V fall saqptihtd TuSe' asijy ou.p!S£e, / fpC X'Q<dOrji)SblKehtto he a great 1 boon and a sure and safe remedy for V corns, if properly applied the full time / and in the manner, prescribed. — I re- . ifiinfc' yoifrs'-'fpctmH, fH; Wl' Mbrti- ( rm'eYr To Mr M'Knight, Chemist, Bich- / mond." „ _r, r . a i:i ; t 