FABMEBS, whose properly is situated in the vicinity of the railway lines, generally attribute the fires, which destroy their grass, crops and fences, to the sparks from the locomotive engines Two deputations of persons, who had suffered considerable losses by fire, waited upon the Commissioner of Railways on Friday last, and asked for compensation. They were treated rather summarily by Mr Patterson, who said that the 10th clause of the present Railway Act absolutely forbade the payment of compensation for such damages, real or imaginary, the onus of protecting crops being cast upon the owners and occupiers ot land abutting on the line of railway. He thought that Parliament had made a great mistake in granting compensation on a previous occasion, because he knew of -cases where hay-stacks had been erected close to the line, evidently with the hope that passing engines would set them on fire. He did not iatend to recommend compensation for any more fires, because he was of opinion that farmers should adopt some means for the protection of their property. The railway authorities had been obliged to warn residents on many of the lines of railway to more their produce to points less contiguous to die lines. We think that a clause in .the new Hailway Act should have been inserted to compel farmers, whose property adjoins the railway lines, to keep their stacks and other ioflaminable materials atasafedistancefrom the line sothat there might be less danger from the sparks of passing locomotives. That fires are occasionally causedin this way, may not be unreasonably supposed, but we believe that many of the bushfires, without the slightest reason, are attributed to the railway engines .During the summer months bush-fires are very frequent in this country, and they do very much damage to property. The evil seemB to be irremediable, and one which farmers will have to risk to tłie end of time. These fires were quite aa destructive and frequent before the days of locomotive traffic, and they are still so in those districts to whicli railway communication has not yet been extended. There are hundreds of ways in which they may be caused. Matches carelessly dropped, in a grass paddock or a field of ripe grain, may ignite by being trodden upon by the foot of a man or an animal, or even the rays of the burning sun ore sufficient to cause ignition. The bottom of a white glass bottle, with its convex side uppermost, lying, apparently harmless amongst grass, has been known to lying, aj the dry generate heat sufficient to produce a flame, which has set the whole countryside on fire. The sun'e rays, being focused through the glass and concentrated on the inflammable material for many hours, have kindled a epark . which was soon fanned into, a fiame, and the whole country round was swept by the destructive dement. Steam threshing machines, regularly at work in the harvest fields or close to the corn-stacks, are also veiy dangerous, and now that many of these are -just about commencing work in this district, it behoves those in charge, and the' farmer, whose r- grain is being thrashed, to take ' tdl necessary precautions. to. :goard ajpooitfire. Onbotdayi,irbeo tber« is no wind, the spark-catcher is very often taken off the funnel to make the engine fire draw better. This is highly dangerous, and it is necessary to keep a constant look out for sparks. When lighter wood-IB used for fuel, thesp^rjecatcher is not always a sufficient pro-' tection, many of the dangerous ignited motes getting through the wire gauze. Bush-fires are, perhaps most often^ caused by careless swagsmen, travelling carriers, country hawkers, drovers, and like persons leaving their camp fires smouldering. Oue or two instances have occurred, in the neighborhood of towns, of fires being caused by lads smoking hares and rabbits out of their burrows. The grass catches fire, and the youngsters, instead of trying to correct the consequences of their thoughtless and evil conduct, think obly of saving themselves from the vengeance of the landowner, and clear off as quickly as possible. The logs lying in the vicinity may get ignited and smoulder for days, till a high wind fanB them into a flame, which devastates the whole country side. There are a number of other ways by which thes* terrible fires may be caused, but we have mentioned enough to show that they are not always, but very seldom, due to sparks from passing locomotive engines. There seems to have been an attempt to try to shoulder all the loBses caused by bush-fires on the Railway department, and if the 10th clause of the present Railway Act did not forbid the payment of compensation for such damages, it might become a very serious matter to the taxpayers. At the end of last year the Government received claims to the extent of £6,000 for compensation for loss by bueh-firei supposed to becaused by thesparksfrom railway engines. Of course we do not consider the Government should run its trains to the danger of private property, but payment of compensation for such damage is open to very grave abuses. Conclusive evidence that certain fires are caused by engine sparks is not very ea&ily; obtained, and if the Railway Department had been permitted to compensate the sufferers, the adequacy and conclusiveness of the evidencemightnothaveso much weight as the political influence that could be broughttojbearforthepurposeofobtainingthedeBired compensation. While we do not think that the Railway Department ought to be responsible for such damage, we would urge the necessity of taking every preventative precaution. It was estimated by Mr John Woods, ex-railway chief, that saving of £25,000 per annum would be effected if a proper spark-catcher could be obtained. We are not aware -by what means he arrived at this com- putation, but knowing he is a man of practical experience in railway matters, it iB no doubt placed upon reliable facts. We belieFe that spark-catchers of an improved design are now used on the locomotives running on the United States railway lines, which enable trains to be run with safety, and it would be oatifefactory to (property holders along the Victorian lines, if the Government were to procure a sufficient number to attach to our engines. Another precautionary measure is to burn the grass along the lines. This has been done, we believe, in many cases, but not sufficiently to preclude the possibility of its becoming ignited. Br a cable mesaage published in another column, it will be seen that the butter shipped by the steamer ProtoB to London was sold at £5 per cwt. This is a very satisfactory price, and ought to allow shippers to givB Sd or 9d per pound for it in the colony, and then they will have a margin which will cover, the cost of shipment, and give them fair remuneration. We learn that the butter sent home by this vessel was shipped by Messrs M'Cawaad M'Dwrick, and that a large quantity of it was collected at Redesdale ; none, however, bnt the very best samples were forwarded. The gratifying intelligence received from London as to the price obtained for Victorian butter willcauBe the valueof that commodity to rise iu tho Melbourne market. Butitis desirable that farmers should be urged to take all possible painB in making up their butter. Too mneh.attention cannot he paid to this, as the quality of the . butter largely depends upon the churning and making up. We are informed by one of our local dealers, that not one sample in fifty comes up to what he considers the proper standard of first-class fresh butter. This should be good in the grain, firm, of a palatable flavor, and with but little salt. If it is properly saved, it ought to keep fresh for a fortnight or three weeks. The same authority states that he baa butter in bis shop which was made by one of. the prize-takers, for t-HIB daiiy produce, at the National Show held at Kyneton last November, and it is uf such inferior quality that he would be glad to get6d. per pound for it, and would not.like to serve it to his regular customers. There is evidentlysomething wrong here. That firstclass butter can be produced at the dairy in question, iB proved by a prize having been taken at the late show. What then IB the cause of the falling off? It muBt be carelessness in the making up. We do not like to take the ladies to task, but this is a matter which chiefly devolves npo: them, and for the sake of their husbands and brothers, as well as for the colony at large, we would urge upon them to m&ke; the best butter they possibly can. The temperature of the cream, the sweetness of the dairy utensils, and the working it up, has nearly as much effect. upon the quality of the butter as the feeding. This work is too apt to be done by rule ofthumb," the quantity of salt and other things being merely gneBBed, without any pains being taken to weigh the butter rnhulk, andthe'n add the salt required. That farmera can make good butter when they like, is proved by the fact stated by the grocer mentioned above, and if .they, want to obtain good prices for it, tbey inusttake pains to prepare it properly. . On' some farms we have noticed the dairy is not cool or'well ventilated, bota close ill smelling damp, little collar, The milk twd crewu turns sour before its lime, the butter turns rancid and the cheese acquires that indescribably fusty flavour, which characterises so much of the colonial manufacture, as widely different from the mouldiness of genuine old age, aer- the fieriness of unsophisticated wines from the soft mellowness of a well kept vintage. To have a cool well .ventilated dairy involves capital, oT^cSui-sBj but the-capital investedie chiefly manual labour. The major part of the material may be found on almost aayselection, either in the shape of wood or stone, and for the con« struction, it wants willing hands and intelligent heads. Nov that a new market has been opened up, winch will absorb all our surplus supplies, dairy farming will become profitable, and it rests with the fanners themselves to inspire confidence in the home market by producing the very best article, and with the shippers to forward none but SrBt class samples. Constable Foley has been appointed aiąmmóńmg officer nnder the Education Act for the Malm&bury; d&trict.; In the Exhibiuon awards for barley, the Kyneton Agricultural Society has received the second order of merit. For Gape barley, J. M- Connell of Rooliford received first order of merit. Last week at Woodend, F, Wright, and G. Duke, two aspirants for pedestrian distinction, ran 100 yards for £1, Duke won by about half a yard. The annual collections in aid of the Church of England Sunday School, Kyneton, were made in St. Paul's Church on Sunday morning and evening. The services were conducted by the Rev. A. BraeZier of Lancefield, who preached in the morning from Proverbs Ł 33 and in the evening from Isaiah XLV. 22. The Psalms for the day were chanted at both services, and the evening Anthem was the old favourite " Lord of all power and might." The assault case in whioh Messrs T. S. Etheridge andF. E. Ad.<m on were concerned, came on for hearing at the M*lmsbury Police Court yesterday. Ttie aa sailaut, Mr Etheridge was fined 5s with £L Is costs. Mr Taylor P.M. however, remarked that the evidence disclosed great provocation, and to muk their sympathy,a numberof.Mr Etherid^e's friends, subscribed in Court, the amount of line and costs, The circumstance of two gentleman holding prominent positions, being concerned in an assault case, no doubt, was the cause of the unusually large attendance during the hearing of the case. A report appears in another column. On Saturday morning at day-break Sergeant Manson and the Police went out to Berkin'sdam, where the two boys were drowned on Friday. Mr Cock's boat was taker out on a lorry, and after dragging for about three hours, the bodies were found in fifteenfeet of .rater. From the position of the children's arms, when found, it is supposed that they were cl isped to- gether when they went dowD. The bodies were conveyed to Mr Taylor's residence and in the afternoon Mr M. K, Armstrong J.P., and Sergeant Manson went out to hold an enquiry. Mr Taylor deposed that the body of the eldest boy was that of his sun Richard, who had left home for school on Friday morning, and he had not seen him since till he saw his body taken from the water. His son was elev n years of age, and could not swim. Mr Chase, made a similar deposition with regard to his son Oliver, who was ten years old. Abel Bloxham, who firstsaw the cloihes of the deceased lying on the bank of the dam, and Mounted- Constable Kelsall, who first went out to the scene of the accident, were also examined. The magistrate returned a verdict of accidental drowning. The funerals took place on Sunday afternoon, Mr Taylor's son was buried in in the Kyneton Cemetery, and the son of Mr Chase at Carisruhe, both were largely attended by resideats of the district, who desired to show thoir respect and sympathy for the parents of the deceased. Archbishop Gould held high mass a', the Roman Catholic Church on Sunday morning last, and in the evening at eight o'clock, Episcopal Benediction. There was 'a large attendance at both celebrations. There were some fine fishcaught in the Coliban on Saturday. Mr Mapleback • caught a brown trout weięhing 31bs. The infant child, aged two years, of Mr Edwin Baldwin, grocer, of Mollisonstreet, met with an accident on Saturday. A son of Mr B ildwin, took the child in a low perambulator when he went to drive the caws to the paddock, and while fastening the gate e jme other cattle came along and horned the cows, one of which backed on to tbe perambulator, and trod on the child on the chest, inflicting some internal injuries. The child tras taken home, and medical attendance called in and under the treatment adopted the infant is progressing favorably. Da ing the thunderstorm on Thursday an almost miraculous escape from a bush fire took place at Metcalfe. The lightning struck a dry tree at the rear of the Mr K Matheson's house. The electrio fluid ran down the tree and ignited the long grass. Immediately after the peal of thunder, some very heavy rain fell and partly extinguished it. Mr Mathesou and Mr Rintoul then came up, and with the assistance of some of the boys attending school they succeeded in putting out the small pieces of wood which were still burning. Pieces of the tree struck could be seen fifty or sixty yards away in every direction. One rather remarkable thing about it was that the gra^s. w»s burnt in the śhape of a faiaugle, -the base of whioh was ten yards and tie length forty. The wind at 1 the time was very high, and had not soma of the school children observed the fire, there is no telling the amount of damage that wonld have been done. A son of Mr Hargrsave of the firm of Murray and ELargreave, Surveyors of , Kyneton, was playing with a shangai on Saturday, and sent a stone into bis own; eye. His father tookhim to DrPeitell on Sunday, who recommended him to be taken to Melbourne, as the sight of one eye was gone and if prompt attention was not obtained he might lose the sight of both. Yesterday morning Mr Hargreave took his eon to Melbourne to consult Dr. Gray. Thesight of both eyes was gone. but it is expected that one, at least, may be restored by an operation. A destructive fire occurred at Mr John Wilkinson's farm at White Gum Flat, near Harcourt, on Thursday last. The sparks from the kitchen fireignited a stack of hay, which set the dwelling house on fire. Suffi - siderea that they had beea 8affioientl oient willing hands arrived to save a few things from the house, but it was fuund impossible to save the buibdings. The flames then extended to about twenty acres of land, after great efforts jt was cm- fiUbdaed and that there was no further danger.- But about two hours - after the wind having changed the flamesbroke nut afresh and spread rapidly in the direction of Mr Bignńillafarai, andcame within &V6; yards of the house,bat the grass having been burned ro<ind :jt,_it.etopped there. The flames caught the gipu w the orchard and litterally Yoiśtfó the «pj>lei with' which *» Htm wen Iwded. Mr Si^aUl nearly the whole of his fencing, and several other of the neighbouring farmers also lost fencing aud feed. The flarcourt village was enveloped iu smoke 'and the fire ran altogether from two to three miles in distance. 