r ' News and Notes. C We feel it our duty to call attention / to the New Davis Vertical Feed ) Sewing. Machine, which has carried ( off the only first prise at the Mel- / bourne International Exhibition. ) Dome, or .tne . competitors, however, . were not satisfied with the awards, / andi.protestcd. The Experts, how- S ever, upheld the decision and gave ; the first prize for their Family Ma- ) chine and the same for Hand. Messrs jl W. F. Dixon and Co., of .87 Elizabeth street, ; are . the sole agents,; and in- I tending purchasers and those interest- - I od yvbuld do well to: call and inspect these singularly-successful machines. Matrimony. — - Never were such great advantages held out to young / people te marry as the present. A . comfortable house may be furnished ' for you, with every requisite to make ; home happy, by simply calling upon . Mr Henry Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth ' street, who will . arrange with you ; to pay him say five shillings per week ' out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever (furnitureyou require to build up - a home ' Why ' delay 1 Go and see Mr H, Marks and ' uet married at nnoe. f ) Mr W. B. Furlong notifies that J 1 he has removed his music studio to \ 1 those handsome premises situate near r \ Bussfill-street in Latiobe-street, where ) . there' is a luge hair and every con- \ ' venience for students of. the vocal r -.art, J -. Attention is directed to the pros- ' \ j pectus of Bridges' art-union, published / elsewhere. . It. enibrhces a liberal dis- ) ; tribution of prizes, from £1000 down \ -to £20 in value, Speculators cannot / ' do better than invest in this legitimate ) affair. ' ' - C Gem Portraits.— -The young lady / ' who, while out-sketching near Lome, 1 . was burned to death by a bushfire,has C 'since been identified through "a gem / portrait being found amongst the \ remnants. ,Mr Edelsten. the pro- ( " prietor ef the Gem Studio, Collins- / ..street east, opposite Age Office, has S 'since recognised the portrait as one f ,that was. taken at his studio about a ) month ago. \ j We have received; a sample of a f new non-alcohic beverage; en hi t led ) "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, \ cordial manufacturer; It is a pleasant f sparkling drink, and is highly re- / .commended by Mr Johnson, Govern- \ ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph r Flude, superintendent of laboratories, ) (as being a pure, wholesome beverage, S It should prove a very desideratum to r the teetotal community, especially. - r The attention of our lady readers S is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and / quilting in all kinds of materials is ) done by the yard fit the most mode- C Tate rates7 at 79 Elizabeth street. ) They are also desired to inspect some S of the most improved kilting machines, f which are on sale at the same depot. / v A Fortune for TenShillings.— 1 We would direct the attention of our C readers, to the valuable prizes, - offered / by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, 1 the drawing for .which is positively. C fixed for the 31st ipst, i;The published / list of gentlemen who", have kindly i consented to superintend the drawing ( iga sufficient guayanteeto the - public / that everything -Will be carried but on \ the great Masonic Principle—" on the- ( Bquare." To those who believe in the / old.,; proverb1— Nothing venture no- S thing have— -should lose no time in ( recuring their tickets, whiah. may be ) had at the office, next Itayal Mail \ Hotel, Bourke-street east, ( ; We have received a copy of -a new ) pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine S for Fathers of Families, Or - everyone f his own" and Children's Doctor." '"'It1' J emanates from Florence, Italy, where \ Profassor Girolamo Pagliano' has'' f written the book to relieve the human ) race, and instruct the people in prac- \ tical . medicine. With his Pagliahb r Herbal-Syrup he treats the blood, ahd ) bo aims , at the root of disease. A \ number of testimonials are. given from r sufferers who have benefitted by this ) remedy. This truly marvellous medi- \ cine can be had from' Mr Evans, / Chemist, Evans' Medical Hall, 92 1 Stephen-street.1 Mr Evans has im- ( ported the medicine direct from Pro- / fessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish- V mcni, Florence. . The books of in1 C strubtioii'are in, English, at. / the express wish of Mr D, Evans, the S . .only ones imperted here in that lan- f guage — Price : with pamphlet 5s. or / stamps by letter, address D. Evans, S Evans' Medical Hall, fStephen-street, Mr Evans has received an Invoice of No 1- .Triesmar (by royal letters patent of-Eitgland). Thia: celebrated; Medi- cine iB in the form of a Lozenge, and as jrsovereign Remedy for ' all -Ner-r veifi Disorders has proved a great SUCQe88. ' . .-The following; testimonial to1 the .. efficafey of Hood's Corn, Soiveut will \bU dfid; with interest 'by-'those who , suffer ;and do not know whbre to find religjforjthe troublesome complaint of corns : — " Sir — Being severely tried by a large and most troublesome corn on the. top of one of my .toes for more T&uik; -forty YEARS, and having had it --twice pretended to'lWtSken out," and I have often tried other means to dissolve our union, but all in vain. I was at length ;induced by your recom mendation to try. " Heod's Corn- Sol- vetft! wliiohi I am hapjJto say, in five days from its being first applied, enabled me most successfully to triumph over my unwelcome com panion ; to get rid of which „L have several! times had serious thoughts of .haying the toe amputated. I am now, after waiting ten or twelve. months to see'. jfvhe would return, entirely free from gll pain it occasioned, as well as any"qppearance of its return. I have recommended it to some of my family and friends, who have been equally successful in' removing these old and troublesome intruders. You have my 1 full sanction- to use this as you please, , for :I consider the Solvent to be a great boon and a sure and safe remedy for 1 corns, if properly applied the full time , and In "the mhnner prespribed.— I re- maiqiyohrs respectfully, :H. W; Mbrti mer. . To Mr M'Knight, Chemist, Bich- mond." 