News and Notes. . Elscwhero we publish particulars of the Shilling Art Union. 100 high-class paintings k arc to be rlispopcd of by nrt union, valued at £3,185. Prospectuses, with full particulars of s the prizes, can be obtained at the fine art gallery, 87 Collins-street, whore also tho pio- ) tares are on view. Altogether there is a well- assorted colloetion, both in landscape and sub- > ject pieces. Wo nre glad to learn that tho tickets are going off very rapidly, and wish ) the affair every success. j Two Gold Men alb awarded American Waltham Watches; > the only medals awarded to Exhibit- . ora of WatcheB Melbourne Interna- " tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine | Waltham Watches have the trade . mark, 11 Waltham, Mass.," engraved ' on the plate of the watches. 1 The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; ( Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled Milk, 2d. 121 and 126 Bourke street, » opposite Waxworks. I We notice by announcement else where that Mr E, Davis, who has so 1 successfully managed Muskett's book l and stationery business for the past six years, has now taken the same in- ' to bis own hands. He has opened up l a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c.;, suitable for presents. He has also an 1 assortment of over 20,000 of French's , acting editions of PlayB. Opera House tickets (D.C. excepted) can also be obtained at this honse. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for yon, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you 1 to pay him say five shillings per week i out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you 1 require to build up a home Why ! delay 7 Ge and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. 1 Gem Portraits.— The young lady l who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has 1 since been identified through a gem I portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- 1 prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- , street east, opposite Age Office, haB since recognised the portrait as one > that was taken at his studio about a . month ago. 