ITEMS OF INTELLIGENCE. AT Messrs. Luxmoore & Co.'s sale in Adelaide, a parcel of wool in the grease off Canowie sheep realised the high price of 14d. per lb. It consisted, we believe, of picked fleeces off stud rams and ewes. THE success of some of the tramlines already formed is causing the multiplication of schemes for supplying the public with this means of transit. The latest proposal is to form a Company with a nominal capital of £15,000 in 5,000 shares of £3 each for the construction of a line to connect Adelaide and Goodwood. The intention is at first to try to lay the rails from the junction of the Glen Osmond and Goodwood roads to the city, and through Waymouth-street to Eing William-street. Ultimately the line will be extended southward to the new townships south of Goodwood. The large population that is settling in that neighbourhood ought to render the proposed tram way a remuneratlve undertaking. The disaKreemeQts whicll have existed between the Government and the contractor for the Wallaroo jetty have been settled. The work is now proceeding with vigor, and will be finished early this year. A POLL of the citizens of Adelaide has resulted in the decision that for the future there shall be Aldermen in the City Council in addition to Councillors. Only 334 rate- j payers voted upon the subject, consequently it does not excite any strong interest. At j the same time the decision is a wise one. To get suitable men into the Council there should be honors dependent on the position, At present there is simply the prospect of abuse. Two schemes are now before the citizens for providing greaterbathing accommodation. There is the Mayor's proposal to rebuild on an extensive scale the existing baths. There is another proposal, with which Mr. Madge's name is now associated, to erect bathing establishments in every ward in the city. The latter is the preferable plan. Each section of the city ought to have a public bathing place and a public washhouse to facilitate clean habits. A LOFG spell of hot weather broke up recently with a tremendous storm. The wind in some parts of the Worth was little short of a tornado, and houses and haystacks were unroofed, besides other damage done by the rain. The heavy downpour has stopped bush-fires for a time, and the vegetation that is likely to spring from the soaking the ground has had will help to diminish the spread of fires for the rest of the summer. PrBLic sympathy with Mr. McCarthy, whose wife, family, and property were destroyed under heart-rending circumstances by a fire at Franklin Harbour, is expressing itself in the form of a public subscription. About £300 has been raised, which will assist Mr. McCarthy to a fresh start in life, and assure him of the sympathy of his fellow colonists. PLEUBO-PNEUMONIA has broken out in a herd of cattle not far from Wellington. The spread of this disease among the stock of the colony is a great calamity. A few years ago we were free from the scourge, but it was rife in the neighbouring provinces of Queensland and New South Wales. With absolute foolhardiness we have done nothing to check importation of beasts from those parts, and we are paying the penalty in the existing spread of pleuro. THEBE has been a fall-out among the Associated Banks. The Bank of Australasia has seen fit to secede and pursue an independent course. The result vis that its former alUes clia r g e f or all country business i they . tra ! lsacfc for ifc - The weakening of co m binations is, however, good for the public, 0ver d . rafts are no ' w at 8 per cent., and in some mstances caQ be arranged for less. THE system of deep drainage for Adelaide has been put into use by the diverting of the sewage of South Adelaide from the Torrens into the main drain. The result is to make the river much more tolerable than it was. Simultaneously with this improvement the dam across the Torrens is being pushed on with vigor. A fine sheet of water, where a little time ago was nothing but a stagnant drain, will be an improvement to the city worth having. 