) News and Notes. ( To-morrow evening the first of a / series of Boema Concerts, prior to the \ departure of that talented lady for C Europe, will be given in the Mel- / bourne Town Hall, for the benefit of S Signora Agnes Palma. Madame Gab- f riella Boema, Signora Agnes Palama, ; Mrs. Lupton, Signori Leandro Coy \ and Raffaele Steffani and Mr A. Zel- f man are the names advertised for the I first concert programme. \ Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that- r he has removed his mmsic studio to ) those hRndsome premises situate near \ Russell-street in Latrobe-street, where ' there is a large hall and every con- ) venience for students of the vocal k art, American Waltham Watches I were awarded the Only Two First . Prizes at the Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher I awards than any other Exhibitor of Watches received. The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; I Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled Milk, 2d, 124 and' 126 Bourke street, ' opposite Waxworks, | We feel it our duty to call attention . to the New Davis Vertical Feed ' Sewing Machine, which has carried ) off the only first 'prize at the Mel- . bourne International Exhibition. ' Some of the competitors, however, ) were not. satisfied with the awards, and protested. The Experts, how- ' ever, upheld the decision and gave ) the first prize for their Family Ma- chine and the same for Hand. Messrs ) W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth \ street, are the sole agents, and in tending purchasers and those interest- ) ed would do well to call and inspect \ these singularly-successful machines, . We have received from Mr P. G. ' Dixon samples of sodawater made ) from water specially brought from Mount Macedcn. The sodawater is ' excellent, and is of course free from I that nauseating taste so clearly dis- cernable in sodawater or other cordials ' made from the filthy Yan Yean. We I have also received from Mr Dixon a sample of the Mount Macedon water, 1 which it is quite a treat to drink, after I having for some time to put up with the beastly stuff supplied by the 1 Public Works Department. I Gem Portraits.— The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, ' was burned to death by a bushfire, has I since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the 1 remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- 1 prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has 1 since recognised the portrait as one ! that was taken at his studio about a month ago. 1 We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. Tt whnnlfl nrnvfi A vp.rv rlpnirlprfttiim +n the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people to marry as the present. A comfortable house may he furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art- union, published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators canuot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— We would direct the attention of our readers, to the valuable prizes offered by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 31st inst, The published list of gentlemen who have kindly consented to superintend the drawing is a sufficient guarantee to the public that everything will he carried out on the great Masonic Principle — " on the square." To those who believe in the old proverb — Nothing venture no thing have — should lose no time in eecuring their tickets, which may be had at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-street east, Mr Burbant, Dentist, 99 Rwanston- street, has received by the American Mail, some useful and superior de signs for the manufacture of Artificial Teeth. Patients need no extractions, and can wear Artificial Teeth without the inconvenience of fastenings, We have received a copy of a new pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine for Fathers of Families, or everyone his own and Children's Doctor." It emanates from Florence, Italy, where 1 Professor Girolamo Pagliano has written the book to relieve the hnman race, and instruct the people in prac- I tical medicine. With his Pagliano Herbal Syrup he treats the blood, and ' so aims at the root of disease. A I number of testimonials are given from sufferers who have benefitted by this ' remedy. This truly marvellous medi- ( cine can be had from Mr Evans, Chemist, Evans' Medical Hall, 92 ' Stephen- street. Mr Evans has im- ( ported the medicine direct from Pro fessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish- ' ment, Florence. The books of in- ( struction are published in English, at the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the ' only ones imperted here in that lan- ( guage — Price with pamphlet 6s. or stamps by letter, address D. Evans, ( Evans' Medical Hall, Stephen-street, ( Mr Evans has received an Invoice of No 1 Triesmar (by royal letters patent < of England). This celebrated Medi- ( cine is in the form of a Lozenge, and as a sovereign Remedy for all Ner- I vous Disorders has proved a great 1 success. 