y / News and Notes. / The world-renowned Fakir ef Oolu \ is giving his charming drawingroom i entertainment at St. George's Hall / nightly, assisted by his daughter, Miss N Daisy Silyea.tor, . Misa: Emelir Reau- ( mont, and Madame Silvester, also Mr j Lacie (ventriloquist) and Mr J. Sum- \ mere Brown. .The entertainment is ( highly sp6ken ;of; by all who haVe J witnessed it, the entranoed lady, (Miss \ Daisy Silvester), the ventriloquial / efforts of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of ) the Fakir) and above all the beautiful C fairy fountain, elicit universal admi- ? ration. 1 Mr W. R. Furlong hetifle that C- he has removed his masio studio to r those handsome premises situate near f Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where there is .a. large hall and every con- ' venience- for -stnderits of the vocal i art. Ambbicak Wai/tham Watohkb ' were, awarded the. Only Two First I Prizes at the Melbourne International . Exhibition, 1880-1; being higher . awards than any other Exhibitor of l« Watches received. .. The best Meat 'Pie M the City, 2d.;; . Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa, or Boiled I Milk, 2d. 124 and .126 Boorke.ateeet, ,, opposite W axworks, We feel it onr duty to call attention I to the ; New Davis Vertical Feed Sewing Machine', which has -carried j off the only first prike at- the Meb > bourne International Exhibition, y Some of the competitors, however, were not satisfied with the awards, ) and protested. The Experts, how- v ever, upheld the deoision and gave r the first prize for; their Family Ma- 1 chine and the same for Hand. -Messrs I. W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87-Elisaheth r . street, are the sole agents, and in- V tending purchasers and those interest- ed would do well to call and -inspect ' these sihgnlarly-Bnccessfnl- machines. I' We have receivei 'from Mr P. G. k: Dixon samples of sodaWhter made . from water specially brought' from I' Mount Macedon.' The Sodawatet is I excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- I cernable in sodawater or other cordials .( made from the filthy Yan Yean. We have also received from Mr Dixon a > < sample of the Mount Macedon water, l which it is quite a treat to drink, after having for some time to put up with I the beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Pobtbaits. — The young lady ' who, while out sketching near, Lorne, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through; a gem 1 portrait being found amongst the i remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- Btreet east, opposite Ago Office, has Bince recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio abont a month ago. A very , pleasing novelty was intro duced by Mr Alfred Farr, of the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill, on -.Satuiday last, in the. slifpebf a Special, Show, which attracted an immense amount of at tention. Crowds of people wended their way to the Drapery Hall, arid all seemed well ' pleased' with their visit, : As the establishment was well patronised during tne day, and quite full all the evening, the proprietor must have been' highly gratified with the result. We understand that a repetition of the above is. to take place next Saturday, May 7th, when if any of our friends wish to see a splendid display of drapery, in aU its variety of styles, marked at what appeared to us as ridiculously low prices, we think they cannot do bet ter than take a walk as far as the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill. We have received a sample of a new non-alcobic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E, Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is . highly, re- cominended by Mr Johrisori, Govern ment anayliticalcheriust,. -and Joseph Flude, superintendent of "laboratories, as being a pare, wholesome beverage. It should prove.a.very desideratum. to the teetotal community especially. - The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the moBt mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired, to inspect some of the mof imjprojfldkijtinSStiriii which areton sale at the same,, depot. Matbimony. — Never were . such v. great advantages held out to young people to marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay 7 Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art- union, published elsewhere. . It embraces a liberal dis tribution oi prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot \- do better than invest in this legitimate affair. Rbsttlt or Flatteby.t- An un successful lover was aBked by what xriearis he lost hiB lady fair, " Alas 1" cried ha, " I flattered her until she got too proud to speak to me." 