S News and Notes. / The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu S is giving his charming drawingroom C entertainment at St. George's Hall / nightly, assisted by his daughter, Miss \ Daisv Silvester, Miss Emelier Reau- \ mont, and Madame SilveBter, also Mr / Lacie (ventriloquist) and Mr J. Sum- S mers Bruwn, The entertainment is i highly spoken of by all who have ) witnessed it, the entranced lady (Miss \ Daisy Silvester), the ventriloquial f efforts of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of 1 the Fakir, and above all the beautiful \ fairy fountain, elicit universal admi- f ration. ) . Mr W, R. Furlong notifies that k he has removed his music studio to f those handsome premises situate near ) Russell-Btreet in Latrobe-street, where I there is a large hall and every con- venience for students of the vocal ) art. I American Waltham Watches r were awarded the Only Two First I Prizes at the Melbourne International 1 Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher r , awards than any other Exhibitor of i Watches received. The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; r Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled ) Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, k opposite Waxworks, C We feel it our duty to call attention / to the New Davis Vertical Feed ) Sewing Machine, which has carried C off the only first prixe at the Mel- / bourne International Exhibition. ) Some of the competitors, however, C were not satisfied with the awards, / and protested. The Experts, how- ) ever, upheld the decision and gave ( the first prize for their Family Ma- ) chine and the same for Hand. Messrs \ W, F, Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth ( street, are the sole agents, and in- / tending purchasers and those interest- \ ed would do well to call and inspect f these singularly- successful machines, f We have received from Mr P. G. i Dixon samples of sodawater made i from water specially brought from r Mount Macedon. The sodawater is I excellent, and is of course free' from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- f cernable in sodawater or other cordials 1 made from the filthy Yan Yean. We I have also received from Mr Dixon a r sample of the Mount Macedon water, ) which it is quite a treat to drink, after . having for some time to put up with ' the beastly - supplied by the > Public Works department. ( Gem.: Portraits, — The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, . was burned to death by a bushfire, has I since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the ' remnants; Mr Edelsten, the pro- prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has ' since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. A very pleasing novelty was intro duced by Mr Alfred Farr, of the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill, on Saturday last, in the shape of a Special Show, which attracted an ' immense amount of at tention. Crowds of1 people wended their way to the Drapery Hall, and all seemed well pleased with their \- visit, As the establishment was well patronised during the day, and quite full all the . evening, the proprietor i must have been highly gratified with the result. We understand that a ' repetition of the above is to take I place next Saturday, May 7th, when if any of our friends wish to see a ' splendid display of drapery, in all I its variety of styles, marked at what appeared to us as ridiculously low ' prices, we think they cannot do bet- I ter than take a walk as far as the Great Drapery Hall, Olareridon-street, » Emerald Hill. 1 We have -received a sample of a I new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, 1 cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant . sparkling drink, and is highly re- ' commended by Mr Johnson, Govern- 1 ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph . Flude, superintendent of laboratories, ' as being a pure, wholesome beverage. | It should prove a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers 1 is directed to an announcement in our I advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kindB of materials is 1 done by the yard at the most mode- I rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some 1 of the most improved kilting machines, i which are on sale at the same depot, Matrimony. — Never were such great advautages held out to young people to marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon 1 Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth ( street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week I out of your earnings, and he will give ( you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why I delay ? Ge and see Mr H. Marks and , get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros- ( pectus of Bridges' art-union, 'published . elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- " Iribution of prizes, from £1000 down ( to £20 in value; Speculator cannot , do better than invest in this legitimate ' affair. ( A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— ( We would direct the attention of our \ readers, to the valuable pr'zes offered ( by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, ) the drawing for which is positively S fixed for tlic ;i 1st inst, The published / list of gentlemen who have kindly ) consented to superintend the drawing \ is a sufficient guarantee to the public / that everything will be carried out on ) the great Masonic Principle — " on the V square." To those who believe in the / old proverb — Nothing venture no- 1 thing have— should lose no time in \ securing their tickets, which may bp / had| at the office, next Royal Mail . Hotel, Bourke-street east, \ 