NEWS AND NOTES. The dissatisfaction felt at the terms of peace which have been accorded to the Boers is about to find expression in the House of Commons, Sir Michael Hicks- Beach having given notice of motion for a vote of censure on the Govern- ment for their policy on the question. Lord Carlingford (Chichester Fortescue) succeeds the Duke of Argyle as Lord-Privy Seal. The Earl of Beaconsfield continues in the same weak state of health. Mr Chas. Bradlaugh has again been returned for Northampton. Much excite- ment prevails in France over the Tunisian difficulty. The semi- official press declares that while there is no intention of annexation, the supremacy of French influence in Tunis must be maintained. Of the recently despatched reinforcements sent to Africa, some 10,000 have arrived at Bona, in the Bay of Constantine, Algiers. The s.s. Roma arrived on Thursday last at Aden. As Friday next is Good Friday, there will be no issue of the Star on Saturday. Ad- vertisers are particularly requested to note the fact. The only civil business before the General Sessions,on Saturday was the case Noonon v G. A. Hale, an appeal from the Buninyong Police Court, fining the appellant £10 for an assault, Mr Gaunt appeared for the re- spondent, and stated the matters in dispute between the parties were fruitful of litigation, but he was glad to say that a settlement had been effected. As part of this settlement it had been agreed that the appeal should be allowed without costs, and the court was now asked to confirm this agreement. The court consented. The Court of Insolvency was opened on Saturday, for the convenience of several per- sons who were not aware of the adjournment, and after several applications had been dealt with, was again adjourned until Wednesday. The County Court will open this morning at 10 o'clock. The list of cases for trial appears in another column. The trial of James Newman for having endangered the lives of travellers on the rail- way at Beaufort on the 26th January was concluded at the Ballarat General Sessions on Saturday. The address of the Crown prose- cutor was intended to show that the negligence of which prisoner was guilty occurred prior to the necessity for reversing the engine, and consisted in coming over the incline just before the Beaufort station is reached at an unsafe and improper speed. Mr Finlayson made an able address to the jury, in which he contended that the affair was due to the acci- dent of the lever flying back after it had been used to reverse the machinery. The jury, after deliberating for thirty five minutes, brought in a verdict of not guilty. The case excited a great deal of attention amongst those interested in railway matters. The City Council will meet at the usual hour to-day. The notices of motion on the paper refer to the provision of an awning and reflecting lamp, in order that the swimming- bath may be utilised during the summer nights, and asks, with a view to the extinction of the special sixpenny rate, that a report be prepared, showing the nature and cost of the works required to complete the roads, foot- ways, and drainage of the city; the ordering in which such works require to be executed, and the term over which the completion, of such works should extend, the expenditure being based upon the amount available, from the general rate. The report of the mayor deals with various matters which have been brought under his worship's notice, asks the advice and direction of the council with regards to the new Sugg lamp, and suggests the regulation of the cabs and public vehicles at the Western Oval on the occasion of public sports. It appears from the report of the works committee of the City Council that the inspec- tor of cattle-yards (Mr Cadden) has "taken exception to the reply of the captain of the City Fire Brigade as to the apathy of some members of the brigade at the recent fire at the public park, and invited a committee, of enquiry.” The works Committee see no objec- tion to the request being granted. The ordinary meeting of the Ballarat Mining Board will be held to day at the usual hour. The principal business on the notice-paper is the consideration of a testimonial to the late chairman, Mr McDonell, and the considera- tion of a notice of motion by Mr Baker, com- plaining of the absence of local representation from sitting of land boards on the gold- fields. Mr John Victor , purposes giving a musical recital in the Academy of Music on the after- noon of Tuesday next at 5 o'clock before the members of the local press. The recital will be of a strictly private nature, Mr Victor reserving his public appearance for a future occasion. We are informed the early closing move- ment in the boot trade is not unlikely to fall through, in consequence of two or three of the proprietors of boot shops keeping their pre- mises open from an hour to an hour and a half beyond the time agreed on by the trade generally. The Orphan Asylum Committee will meet to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. Amongt the orders of the day is the report of the house committee on the advisability or other- wise of making an alternation in the rules for allotting children out to service. We are pleased to learn that Mr Blight and his son have returned to Ballarat from their trip to the old country. They state that despite the late severe winter experienced in Great Britain they have in their travels through it thoroughly enjoyed themselves. A few evenings previous to the day of their departure from London they had the pleasure of being present at a grand concert given in the Royal Academy of Music, at which was sung by Miss Rose Dafforn a song entitled, “ The swallow and the pine-tree,” composed by our late townsman, Mr Geo. Herbert, who is pursuing a course of study in the Academy. The song was very warmly received, an encore being insisted upon. The number of inmates remaining in the Benevolent Asylum at the end of the week was 256, of whom 45 were females. The num- her of out-door recipients, relieved during the week was as follows :— Adults, 384; children, 355 ; total, 739; grand total, 995. The number of inmates in the Hospital at the beginning of last week was 100, of whom 23 were females; and 9 males and 2 female's were afterwards admitted; making a total of 111\. During the week 7 males and 4 females were discharged, and 1 female died, leaving 99 inmates, of whom 20 were females. The total number of out-patients treated during the week was 539, and of these there were 94 on the new list. Mr Davies, of Sebastopol, was out in his buggy on Sunday afternoon for a drive, ac- companied by his wife and daughter, when the reins became entangled, and eventually the buggy was capsized, Miss Davies sustain- ing a fracture of the left arm, and Mrs Davies getting a contrusion on the thigh, as also an abrasion on the forehead. The necessary sugical assistance was rendered at the Hospital, and the sufferers were then taken home. For the information of publicans in the City who may desire to transfer their licenses, we may state that the difficulty referred to from time to time in our columns, with re- ference to the license forms of the present year having been issued without being stamped as required by the act, that it may be over- come by procuring from the city clerk stamped receipts, which being pasted to the license-forms, will meet the requirements of the act and will allow of their being accepted by the magistrate as valid forms. This does not apply to the forms issued by the town clerk, which had been duly stamped at the time of issue. The abandoned shaft in the Park is not to be filled in or covered over just yet. The dangerous condition of the shaft is admitted, but there is a deadlock between the Mining Department and the council. The department has had reports from its inspectors as to the danger of the hole, but declines to remedy the grievance. The City Council urges that, as the department received the “rents,” it should secure the shaft and repair the damage, for if the council were to secure it that body would admit a liability practically unlimited. Mean- time the hole gapes, "flush with the surface and unprotected," ready to "inurn any wan- derer, human or brute, who may chance that way. The monthly meeting of the Residence Area Holders' Association was held at the Buck's Head hotel on Saturday evening, Mr John Hunt, president, occupying the chair. The usual routing business having been dis- posed of, the secretary reported that, in ac- cordance with the resolution of the previous general meeting, be had furnished a statement of the case for the consideration of the Attorney-General, and a reply had been re- ceived, acknowledging receipt of the com- munication. The advisability of postponing the proposed meeting in the neighbourhood of the old Kohinoor claim until after the holidays was discussed, and it was decided to hold over the meeting till after Easter. It was resolved that one of the members of Parliament for the district be requested to ask the Chief Secretary during the ensuing week if he will bring in a bill dealing with the residence area question early in the next session of Parliament. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. We learn that Mr Alexander Wilson was occupied on Saturday in canvassing the electors of Miners' Rest and Learmonth dis- trict, and that from the way he was received, he has a good prospect of support. Mr Wilsons address will be found in our adver- tising columns. At a banquet given to Mr J. English on Thursday evening last, that gentleman pressed a hope that the quartz reefs around Creswick would soon be opened up. That hope is shortly to be realised, as Mr B. Wilson has secured a quartz claim on the well-known Township Reefs, on behalf of some Ballarat investors, and is now forming a company to thoroughly test the same. The Ballarat Fife Brigade ball committee met on Friday evening, and transacted busi- ness in connection with the Easter Monday bail. It was stated that all arrangments were nearly completed. From what we hear the affair promises to be a great success. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Browns and Scarsdale Borough Council on Friday lapsed for want of a quorum. A telegraphic message received on Saturday evening contained the information that the contest between the crews of Victoria and New South Wales, rowed in the latter colony, had terminated in a comparatively easy victory for this colony. The race is stated to have been won by ten boats' lengths. The lad Edgar Horman, son of William and Isabella Horman, of 4 Clarendon street, Soldiers Hill, whose sufferings from injuries to his head have been once or twice referred to in our columns, died on Saturday morning. It appears that the lad first complained of pain in his head on 1st March, and a medical man was called in. The child stated the cause of the injury to be a blow given by a school- mate. He suffered terribly from pains in the head, and notwithstanding all that Dr Jakins could do succumbed on the day named. There is considerable mystery about the way in which the boy met his injury, although the immediate cause of his demise is known, and an inquest is to be held at the City of York hotel, Soldiers Hill, at 4 o’clock to-day. A correspondent writes:— “ A short time ago a member of the Lal Lal Cricket Club met with an accident which necessitated his removal to the Hospital. The club, among whom are fortunately to be found persons possessing sterling sympathetic and gentle- manly instincts, bestirred themselves to initiate a concert and ball, the proceeds to be handed to the unfortunate member of the club. Appeals were made to the outside public to patronise the entertainment, both on account of the object in view and of the personal enjoyment of a treat not too frequently en- joyed in this place, and it is gratifying to record that their efforts found reward beyond their keenest expectations, considering the rough weather that set in in the evening. Messrs Davies and Young, parliamentary repre- sentatives for Grenville, kindly accepted an invitation to be present. The musical part of the entertainment commenced at about 8 o’clock, and Mr Davies, M.L.A., presided. He delivered a brief but neat speech, encouraging the cultivation of physical strength and vigour by athletic exercise, and instanced the ancient Romans as upholding that a healthy body is usually accompanied by a sound intellect. It would be invidious to offer criticism on the merits of the performers, each one having given her and his services gratuitously, but it may be stated in fairness that each one was heartily applauded. The programme was suc- cessfully carried out, the audience at its conclusion joining in the National Anthem. Dancing was then heatily indulged in till an early hour the following morning." We are informed that Dr Crane, brother to the Right Rev. Dr Crane, of Sandhurst, who is now on a visit from the old country, will preach on Good Friday evening in St. Patrick's Church, Sturt street, in aid of the funds of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. We learn that Mr David Fitzpatrick has privately sold for Mr P. Carpenter the premises at the corner of Humffray street and Main road to Mr Parker, for the sum of £300. The Bushy Park sports committee desire to inform the public that Messrs Fitzgerald, Higgins, Meyers, Rees, Moodey, Robinson, Sutton, &c.;, have contributed most liberally towards the different events, and the com- mittee would thank those who have promised gifts to be competed for to forward them at once, in order that they may be inserted in the programme of sports. A complete pro- gramme will be made out on Thurs- day evening next for Friday’s issue. The handbills in connection with the event will be distributed to-day. An advertisement in reference to the sports in question appers elsewhere. The first heats of the Ballarat Rowing Club scratch races were rowed on Saturday, and re- sulted in the following strokes claiming their re- spective events. viz.:— Grant, Catherall, and D. Whitelaw. To-night the contests will be con- tinued by Thompson meeting McWhae at 6 o'clock, Catherall trying conclusions with Whitelaw half an hour- later. On Tuesday mroning at 6 o'clock Grant will meet the winner of the event. Writing of the political outlook, the Gipps- land Times says:—"lt is terribly, dishearten- ing just as a settlement of our reform difficulty seemed within easy reach, to see the hope perilled by the uncompromising attitude of parties. The question has reached a most critical stage, for although the report of the joint committee of the the Houses is not binding like a treaty, it generally constitutes the basis of a settlement. The Legislative Council on their part seem to have recognised their responsibility and the urgency of the situation by appointing delegates whose bona fides cannot be reasonably challenged. As is meet, the septennste from the Upper Chamber contains a strong 'blue’ admix- ture, but to neutralise their presumed ultra- conservative leanings, there are Messrs Cuth- bert, Reid, Balfour, and MacBain, the two latter being old members of the Legislative Assembly. We could wish that the same honourable desire, to have the two sec- tions of politicians represented could be seen in the Chief Secretary's nomina- tions. Defend it how he may, the omission of Sir O'Shanassey's name is a piece of bad policy, and the selection of six uncompromising 'Reds' like Messrs Long- more, Tucker, Vale, Mirams, Pearson, and Grant, gives the Premier's pacific aspirations an unmistakable air of hypocrisy. According to Mr Berry the country has approved of the Reform Bill. As a matter of fact it is con- structed upon the lines of the defeated Ser- vice Bill, and so anxious were several members of the Opposition to get this bugbear out of hand that they sunk criticism of mere details, and voted for the third reading. The differ- ence between this measure and the one formu- lated by the Council is so slight that a little diplomatic conciliation and concession would very possibly have facilitated the passing of the bill into law.” The holdings of the unfortunate selectors are going for an old song, and it would seem that land is really a drug in the market. On Friday, at Hamilton (reports the Spectator), the sheriff's officer sold 42 acres of leased land at Homerton, with eight rentals paid and unen- cumbered, for the sum of £2 for the lot. The buyer was Mr L. Horwitz. At a former sale, under a fi fa, the same buyer secured 99 acres at Bahgallab, with eleven rents paid and un- encumbered, at £2 for the lot; also 75 acres freehold at Drik Drik at £1 for the lot. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamil- ton Spectator is responsible for the following:— “ The gossip in the club just now includes the history of how an enterprising journalist was on the point of being married the other day to the daughter of a wealthy Melbourne citizen, when the affair was abruptly broken off by an ugly report received as to the E. J. having married and deserted, after running through her money, the daughter of a wealthy citizen in another country.” A serious accident occurred at the Williams- town Junction on Friday night, by which guard Thomas Hancock nearly lost his life. He was (says the Argus) jumping into his van as the train moved off, when he slipped and fell between the train and the platform. He maintained his hold upon the handrail, how- ever, and another guard, who was in the van, seeing what had occurred, reversed the lamps, and brought the train to a standstill. Hancock was released from his perilous position, when it was found that he had sustained very serious injuries. By the next train he was conveyed to Melbourne and taken to the Melbourne Hospital, where he was at once attended to by Mr Howitt. His thigh was very much cut and lacerated, and his leg much injured, but no bones were broken. He was admitted to the institution, where he is now progressing favourably. A telegram to the Argus dated Friday night reports that the Benalla goods train met with rather a serious accident at Mangalore on that evening. It appears that while Guard Wallis was engaged in “ kicking'' off some of the trucks Mr A. Wyatt, P. M., who was travelling in the van, took the liberty of reversing the brake, causing the truck to travel down an incline with great rapidity, and it came into collision with another truck that stood some distance ahead, throwing it off the line, and completely shattering, the rails and sleepers. No reason is given by Mr Wyatt for his eccen- tric action, but he has sent a report to the Railway Department in which he exonerates the guard from all blame. We learn from the Advertiser that the mem- bers of the Bendigo Stock Exchange have resolved upon petitioning the Postmaster- General in reference to some matter in con- nection with the local telegraph-office. Judging by current rumours, it seems time some action was taken in getting the Minister to make searching enquiry into the working of the local branch of the Telegraphic Department. In a paragraph published a few days ago it was stated that through a laxity of system which seem to prevail in the office, the messengers have ample opportunities of learning the contents of passing telegrams, and although the operators are bound to secrecy as regards information passing through their hands, no such obligation seems to hinder the messengers. There is, however, a great deal more behind the scenes than the messengers question in the grievance, which tho deputation from the Stock Exchange desire to lay before the Minister. This hidden grievance is but indirectly implied; and a mistaken leniency of feeling upon the part of the gentlemen who will interview Mr Langridge may not make this grievance perfectly plain. It has been felt throughout mining circles for a long time past that the local telegraph- office is not a secret means of communication between broker and broker, or client and broker, and, although we cannot point to any direct evidence in support of it, we may state that there has been strong suspicion that the contents of telegrams have been improperly made use of by individuals interested in market operations. It is only the other day that an instance occurred of the contents of a telegram, from a gentleman in Melbourne to his broker, becoming mysteriously known to a large investor in mining, and it is strongly alleged that one of the rules of the depart- ment, to the effect that none of the employees shall engage in mining speculation, has not been strictly observed. Again, we hear it affirmed, that a certain individual has boasted that he is enabled to learn the contents of messages intended for other people. If such a state of affairs exists, what guaranty has any one that the contents of messages, which are supposed to be exclusively one's own, have not been purloined on the road? What cetainty indicates something being wrong in the de- partment, is the action of several brokers sending their messages in cypher or couched in phrases understood only by their corres- pondents. The Grenville Advocate states that active measures are being taken in the west riding of the shire to exterminate the rabbits, and during the past month 850 have been de- stroyed. We learn with pleasure (says the Horsham Times) that the farmers in the vicinity of Salt Lakes have been very successful in the matter of poisoning rabbits. Arsenic has been chiefly used, and the rabbits are lying dead in all direc- tions. The arsenic is boiled with sugar, and the rabbits take it greedily, as indeed do other animals, to their own detriment and those of their owners. Our informant states that he has lost some sheep, but whether from the poison he does not know, and a neighbour lost nine sheep, and a calf, evidently from poison. The farmers, however, are so very pleased with the result of their endeavours, that there is ow no talk of not continuing cultivation, in fact in this part of the district the greatest preparations are being made for the ensuing season. The apathy of the Government con- tinues to be blamed, for the farmers are not at all pleased to think that they are virtually left to their own resources. The gentleman who gave us the foregoing information relating to Salt Lakes, states as his opinion that phospor- ised oats will be the best bait in winter, the rabbits taking them even in preference to green feed. Respecting the political situation, the Argus writes: —" We have always consistently main- tained that the Government has no real desire to set reform at rest—that, in the absence of any other “ burning question" suitable to the purposes of the political agitator, Mr Berry, and his colleagues see their own personal in- terests in keeping this game alive. Our judge- ment has been vindicated by events. If the Premier had stood up in his place on Wednes- day night, and openly avowed his antagonism to a peaceful settlement, he could not have given a clearer indication of his wishes than by compiling the committee list in the way he did. What the result of the conference will be it is impossible to say with certainty, but it would be folly not to see that Mr Berry has almost pre- ordained it to failure. While the slightest chance of coming to an under- standing remains, however, we shall cling to hope.” Writing of the Reform Bill the Warran- bool Standard says:— “It is sickening to hear of the necessity of the Government keeping the Reform. Bill in their own hands, and of not surrendering the main features of the bill. The Government have been only successful hitherto in preventing reform from becoming an accomplished fact, and each of their mea- sures has differed in its principles. The coun- try wants to see the question amicably and satisfactorily settled; and is this a time to declare that there, shall be no compromise . In point of fact, there is no difference of prin- ciple between the Council and the Assembly, the latter adopting the principles of reform taken up by the former, and pushing them to an extreme. Both are agreed that the quali- fication of voters should be reduced. It is a matter of detail whether the reduction should be to a £20 or a £10 franchise, or to the rate- payers' roll. Both are agreed that the quali- fication of members is too high; the only question is whether it should be reduced, or abolished altogether. By common consent the tenure of seats should be decreased; and it is a mere matter of arrangement whether the reformed House should all be re-elected at once, or whether the change should be gradual. It is equally conceded that the size of the provinces should be reduced; but their re- arrangement can constitute no serious reason for a quarrel. We do not underrate the im- portance of all these points; but we do say that they contain nothing which could not be easily arranged by the committee if they were so disposed. The Portland Guardian states that another change has been made in the working staff at the Portland railway station. Richard Humphries, who has been foreman of porters at the local station since its opening, has been transferred to Ballarat, where, no doubt, he will sustain the reputation he has gained here, as to sobriety and integrity, and of beings civil and obliging officer. The Riverine Herald reports that the Murray continues to rise rapidly, and shippers are pre- paring to take time by the forelock. The En- terprise and barge (Captain W. Keir) were despatched on Friday to Gunbower for sleepers. Messrs Permewan, Wright, and Co., will clear the first boat of the season for New South Wales ports on Wednesday, when the Kingfisher will sail for the Darling. The case brought by Inspector Gregory, of Kyneton, against the Board of Land and Works, for having an unstamped weight in its possession has (says the Guardian) been settled. The Government have agreed to pay all expenses and comply with the requirements of the act in future; the weights seized to be returned. This arrangement also extends to the weights seized on the Daylesford line. One of those sad cases in which it is shown how easily people may fall from a comfort- able position in life to one of abject poverty came under the notice of the City Court bench on Friday, when an elderly female named Mary Donovan was charged with vagrancy. The evidence of the police con- stable who found her seeking shelter under a tree at an unseasonable hour in the Flagstaff Gardens, showed (says the Telegraph) that her husband was, when living, an employee in the Post-office, and that after his death she pro- cured a situation as a State school teacher. Owing to ill-health, she had to relinquish this employment, receiving £60 as compensation. She then went into the Benevolent Asylum, but left that institution after a time, taking about £10 out with her, and went to live with an hotelkeeper who had known her in her “ better days." Eventually her means became ex- hausted, and those who knew her having also exhausted the benefits they were capable of conferring upon her, she was compelled to turn out. The bench, in charity, sent her to gaol for three months. It is satisfactory to be able to state (writes the Telegraph) that politicians regard more hopefully the prospect of a settlement of the reform question by the joint committee, which commenced its sittings on Thursday last. The Chief Secretary, is much less pugnacious than on Wednesday night, being very anxious to secure the credit of passing a Reform Bill which will meet the views of both branches of the Legislature, and it is very probable that he will make some concessions of a more reason- able character than are at present anticipated. On the question of the franchise for free- holders and leaseholders, we are in a position to state that there is not likely to be any great divergence of opinion between the repre- sentatives of the two Chambers. A compro- mise will be agreed to which will mutually satisfy all parties. The committee will resume their sitting this (Monday) afternoon at 2 o’clock. The Bendigo Advertiser understands that a warrant has been issued for the arrest of Mr Carter; who for years was manager and ac- countant for Messrs Harkness and Co's Vic- torian Foundry. The charge against him is that he has embezzled the sum of £80, and it is believed he has cleared out for Wes- tern Australia. The Geelong Advertiser reports that in the forest beyond Birregurra large bush-fires have been burning for several days, and much valu- able grass has been consumed, and a large amount of fencing destroyed. The onion growers in the Bellarine district are now (according to the Advertiser) receiving a very good price for their produce, £5 per ton being freely paid. The crops have been, on the whole, satisfactory, the various lands having yielded from six to eight tons to the acre. A blunder in the numbers telegraphed to us made it appear that at the election for North Melbourne Mr W. Gaunson had saved his deposit money. It appears, however, from the official statsment of the poll that the correct returns are: — Munro, 1754; Quinlan, 1425, Gauneon, 329. The latter candidate having failed to obtain the required number of votes, forfeits his £50. A singular coincidence is that Mr Gaunson polled exactly the number of votes which represents the difference between the votes recorded for Messrs Munro and Quinlan. We regret to hear (says the Avoca Mail) that Mr Samuel Goodshaw, rate collector of Lextonshire, met with rather a severe acci- dent on Wednesday. He was proceeding on his official duties in his buggy, when he was met on the road by a very large flock of sheep. While trying to make his way through them, and owing to the dust they stirred up, he did not observe a log or stump in his way, and the buggy coming in contact with this, threw him out and fell on him, causing a fracture of the ribs. Mr Goodshaw sought surgical assistance in Avoca, and is now progressing satisfactorily. Owing doubtless to the unnatural heat at this advanced season of the year, and to the long summer, there is (says the Avoca Free Press) an unusual number of complaints, from young and old, of colds, low fever, and other maladies, throughout the district. At the monthly meeting of the committee of the Kyneton Hospital (the Kyneton states) speculation was indulged in as to whom the credit was due in bring about the disuse of gas in the institution. There can be no doubt, however, that the supporters of the Hospital owe a debt of gratitude to those gentlemen who were instrumental in bringing about the reform. When gas was used the cost reached £70 per annum; now, with kero- sene, the outside cost per annum would not exceed £15. On Wednesday an accident of a peculiar character happened at Redesdale to two boys named John and Hugh, sons of Mr Gibbard, farmer, of that place. It appears (says the Observer) that one of them was riding a horse, and the other lad, out of frolicsome spirit, jumped on the back of the horse, which was inclined to be fractious. The animal started bucking, and the consequence was that both boys were thrown violently to the ground, sus- taining serious scalp wounds, and in one case a slight concussion of the brain. The lads were brought to Kyneton, and are at present staying in Alexander's hotel, Piper street. Dr Duncan is attending to them, and they are now doing well. We have been informed (the Riverine Herald writes) that pluero-pneumonia is very preva- lent in this district. Those selectors and others in the neighbourhood of Gunbower whose cattle are diseased take the trouble of turning them out on the roads or the common. If they recover from the distemper they take them in again, but if not they allow them to die where they are. Two or three have died recently in the neighbourhood, and their carcases lay on the roads — they were fairly rotten with pleuro. It would seem that the sanction given to Mr Mackinnon by the bench some time since has not had the desired effect, as hundreds of diseased cattle are roaming about to the imminent danger of the public and the annoyance of selectors whose fences are smashed down by the cattle. 