PROVINCIAL TELEGRAMS. MOUNT GAMBZKR, March 22. Mr. Burnett's temperance demonstration tonight in the Institute was an immense success, about five hundred being present. Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M., presided. ;Mr. Burnett was welcomed fay the Rev. Mr. Simpson on behalf o£ the local clergy, and the Rev. Mr. Morgan spoke on behalf of Adelaide ministers. The leaders of the local Temperance Societies also wel- -comed him. Mr. Burnett -gave an exoeHent address, and at the close of his remarks seventy-nine signed the pledge amid great enthusiasm. During tbe meeting great commotion was caused through a kerosine lamp going wrong in the hall, and,a person who tried to extinguish the flame bungled the affair. It was a narrow escape from a "panic, in'the event of whidb occurring some persons must have been killed or injured. The weather is'very warm. BORDER TOWN, March 22. The first train with passengers came from Narracoorte to-day, arriving at University Block at about 5 o'clock. The train comprised one carriage and about twenty tracks Of ballast, to complete the ballasting of the line. AlmoBt all ihe rails are laid, bat aboat a mile and a-half of ballasting remains to be done. Seven passengers came np, amongst them being Mr. H. J. Smith, S.M., and Messrs; Davison and Davies, solicitors, to be present at the Court to-morrow. Several mishaps occurred on the way np. The -engine-driver fell off the moving train while he was endeavouring to fix a lamp, and was not seeil for a few minutes. He sustained a slight cat on the forehead, but was not otherwise injured. The stoker brought the train to a standstill, and the driver remounted. When about fourteen miles from University Block a slight fire was discovered in the carriage. A spark from the engine had lodged on the outside, and by some means ignited tbe flooring near the door. It was soon extinguished and no further mishap occurred during the journey. The mails were not brought up by the train as expected, and disappointment was expressed in consequence. Bush fires in the neighbourhood have con- . sumed about a thousand acres of grass. About 600 acres of grass and two miles of fencing were burnt on the Wirrega Station yesterday. The blackfellow, Lazy Jimmy, is still at large, but he has been frequently seen near the town. He is a -violent fellow, and it is disgraceful that he should be allowed to defy the law so openly. EOHUNGA, March 22. A bushfire broke out to-day in close proximiiy to several farms, threatening much damage, bat owing to the presence of a large number of willing workers only a comparatively small quantity of fencing was destroyed. Much more serious damage would have resulted if strenuous exertions had not been made, the flames at times appearing like a wall ef fire fully forty feet high. Should the wind rise in the morning danger may be apprehended. KAFTJNDA, March 22. An entertainment was given to-night at the Institute by the Amateur Dramatic Society, for the benefit of the Institute Fund, and there was only a fair attendance to hear the programme, which comprised "Fve Eaten My Friend," " Brown the Martyr," and "Ifew Lights." The pieces were well pilayed, *nd the performers were applauded frequently. After the entertainment was over tbe room was cleared, and a dance was improvised. PORT AUGUSTA, March 22., . The weather during the past few days htn been; fearfully hot, with but little prospect of a change.' A > local Company, named " The Enterprise Gold-mining Company," has been formed to purchase, or otherwise acquire, quartz' and alluvial claim at Mount Browne. Mr. Solly, an experienced gold-miner and quartz-reefer,-has been' selected to proceed to the new diggings, via Wilcannia, in the interests of the Company, and will leave on Thursday next. RBDHHX, March 22. A house here, belonging to Mr. J. Hansen, was totally destroyed by fire at midnight on Saturday last. An inquest was held to-day, before Mr. Walter Harrison, J.F., and the ver- . diet returned was that the house was wilfully set firelto by some person or persons unknown. The house was insured for £100 in the Victoria Insurance CompaBy. The weather is still frightfully hot and dry. GLADSTONE, March 22. The town is very full of peoplei,and the hotels are crowded. Trucks have had to be added to the train this evening' to accommodate passengers. . A number of horses have been placed in private stables, as a great influx is expected to-morrow. The weather is fine, but vdry dry and dusty. 1 ~ 