News and Notes. The Fakir of Oolu opened to a crowded house at St. George's Hall I on Saturday evening last, his won- . derful illusions and beautiful en- trancement scene eliciting the warm- | est enthusiasm. . Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that ' he has removed his music studio to ( those handsome premises situate near Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where there is a large hall and every con- < venience for students of the vocal art. ' American Waltham Watches i were awarded the Only Two First Prizes at the Melbourne International ' Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher ( awards than any other Exhibitor of Watches received. ' We have received from Mr P. G, ( Dixon samples of sodawater made from water specially brought from I Mount Macedcn. The sodawater iB « excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- ( ceraable in sodawater or other cordials f made from the filthy Yan Yean. We j have also received from Mr Dixon a ( sample of the Mount Macedon water, J which it is quite a treat to drink, after \ having for some time to put up with C the beastly stuff supplied by the J Public Works Department. Gem Portraits. — The young lady ( who, while out sketching near Lorne, ( was burned to death by a bushfire, has J since been identified through a gem ( portrait being found amongst the / remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- ' prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- i street east, opposite Age Office, has C since recognised the portrait as one / that was taken at his studio about a ) month ago. ( Attention is directed to the pros- > pectus of Bridges' art-union, (published j elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- ( tribution of prizes, from £1000 down ) to £20 in value. Speculators cannot \ do better than invest in this legitimate ( affair. _ ) We have much pleasure in directing j the the attention of our readers to an i advertisement in another column, set- J ting forth the merits of Steel's Chronic a Cough Lozenges, infallible in their r effect. We advise our readers to try J a box of them, i 