COUNTRY ITEMS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) SHEPPARTON, TUESDAY. Mark Cleave was accidentally killed about midnight on Sunday by his horse rolling over him. MARYBOROUGH, TUESDAY. News reached Maryborough to-day of a most disastrous bush-fire, which occurred on Sunday at Bung Bong, near Avoca. The flames originated in the Lamplough forest, through a boy burning a log of wood to secure a rabbit, and spread over several miles of country. Great damage has been done to several large farms. Mr. Christopher Abbott has lost all his grass and fencing, Mr. Milne a standing crop and a quantity of grass, Mr. Jones a homestead and two large stacks of hay, whilst Mr. Miller lost all this season's produce. For miles the country is one mass of blackened embers. The Horsham Times records the occur rence of a singular accident at Kewell by which a boy, nine years of age, son of Mr. Jas. Wallis, lost his life. The parents having occasion to leave the premises for some time, locked the door, and following a very common custom, put the key on the inner window sill. The little boy coming home opened the window, but knocked the key down. He endeavoured to get it, and while so engaged the window sash fell on his neck completely pinning him down, his strength being un equal to the task of raising the window, and he could not aid himself by means of his hands. The consequence was that the weight of the sash strangled him, and he was found quite dead. Da. db Joson B JiIOHT-Browh COD LIVER OIL.-ltd Unequalled Efficacy In Consumption and Diseases oC the Chest.-Hie medical profession of all countries now consider Dr. de Jonghfs light-brown. cod liver oil as incomparably the moat valuable remedy lor con sumption and diseases of the chest. No remedy so rapidly restores the exhausted strength, improves the nutritive functions, stops emaciation, Cheoks the per spiration, quiets the ooitth and expectoration, or pro duces a more marked arid favourable influenfee on tha local malady. Dr. Wandby, physician to the Hereford Infirmary, writes" I can take Dr. de Jongh's light brown coa liver oil without any difficulty or dislike, and with as little inconvenience as water alone. Not: only in my own case, but in many others I have seen, it has caused an improvement of chest symptoms aha an increase of weight, so soon Mid so lastingly as to be qtflte remarkable. I believe Dr. de Jongtfs oil to be the most valuable remedy ws possess- for chronla and constitutional disease." Dr. da Jongh's light ' brown half-pints, pints, and quarts, with ibis stamp and signature, and the signature of his pole consignees 0b thetmpsule and the label under wrapper, by all chemist* Sole Consignees-Anus, HARFORD, mi Co., 77 Btotatfi London. 