THE POLICE ENQUIRY. As journalists, we are bound to demand, on behaif of the public, that all enquiries regarding public matters should be open to the press. And yet, on reading the evidence taken so far before the Board appointed to enquire into the management and conduct of the police during the Kelly episode, we doubt very much whether the publication of that extra ordinary testimony will effect any good purpose. There is not the slightest reason why we should not comment upon the allegations of the witnesses at any stage of the enquiry, as it is not so much individuals as the whole system which is now on its trial; but it is already clear that a great deal of personal matters, and we regret to say what appears to us to be most ungentlemanlike and un-officerlike ill-feeling will be imported into the in vestigation. We ourselves have always deemed it unwise to enquire too closely into the movements of the police while the Kelly's were still at large, although we were aware that the worst spirit existed amongst the superior officers. Any reprehension on our part during that period would only tend to make very bad very much worse; but we may now say that it is evident, from the relations existing between the heads of the depart ment, as evidenced by Mr Hare's letter in the first place, and now through Captain Standish's deponements, it is simply wonderful how the rank and file were kept together at all. It really seems incredible that gentlemen almost in the position of military men should not only confess that they had been intriguing against each other while the enemy was in the field, but that they should charge each other with omissions which, to every sensitive and manly mind, will amount to an im putation of cowardice. It is still more ex traordinary and still more shameful that well- bred men should allow themselves, under any provocation or any temptation whatever, to refer to a young lady who, although not named, is sufficiently plainly indicated to persons moving in the same society. We remember a time when men of Captain Standish's pro fession would suffer their tongues to be cut out rather than utter a word that would directly, or indirectly, sully any woman's reputation even as slightly as a breath would dim a looking-glass. Because, to injure a woman it is not necessary that she herself should be in any respect to blame. So delicate is the bloom upon a woman's name that no wind but one from heaven itself can touch it without blurring it. We cannot remember reading any thing of the same kind more painful than the evidence which has been already adduced, and it shows beyond doubt, not only in its own matter, but in the line of cross- examination which has been followed, that the worst features are still to appeal. It is with shame we say it, but we are forced to express a hope that the men themselves will not be judged by some of their officers who have as yet appeared upon the scene. . „ / Easter Monday Gala. — The committee appointed to arrange matters in connec tion with the grand gala and fete in aid of the Wangaratta Hospital, to be held on Easter Monday, met for the transaction of business in the Town Hall, Wanga ratta, on Monday evening. The President of the hospital (Mr Langtree) occupied the chair. There was a good attendance, and the business transacted was of a most encouraging nature. The whole affair is now assuring success beyond; all anticipations. What at first appeared- in expectation as- an ordinary gala is now assuming the proportions of a carnival1. Letters of response and encouragement were received; from Major Burrowes,, of Oxley ; Captain- Grawford, of Beech worth;: Captain Carter; of Chiltern ; and also -the captain of the Gorowa brigade. The- pro cession will be marshalled by Mr Alexander Rodgers at 10> a.m., at the Town Hall reserve, aand thence proceed, headed- by the Wangaratta Brass Band, supplemented by a band from Beechworth, in all num bering about 21 instruments, under the leadership of Herr Hartmann ; followed by members of-'the committee in fancy cos tumes, friendly societies, school-children , . " Car of Flora," Beechworth, Chiltern,. Corowa and Wangaratta fire-brigades,. " "Rnhinsnn Grnsoe" " Oxlev Yarietvi Troupe," " North Wangaratta Turks,"' " Wangaratta. Brigands," aud aiso.ascom» pany of clowns,-, along towards Murphy and Faithful-streets- to the Agricultural; So- 1 ciety's Show grounds, where there will he sports of every conceivable description. Richardson's show and the dancing; will be in charge of Messrs Diekman, W. E. Dale, Dodsworth andl Dewar.- In the . evening grand concert will! be giver im St., George's Hall,, iii. which many, of the leading amateurs of: the distriots wIR take part, whose require ments will be- attended by Messrs Dods- worth andiDewar. A grand ball will also- be heldun.Sfc.. Patrick's Hall,, for which excellent music-, will be provided by the Wangaratta. Brass Band. Mr Brandt will; act as master of ceremonies, and Messrs- Diekman, Howoil, Dodsworbh, Dale, and: Dtewar will attend to visitors. Everything; in< connection with the sports, concert and ball will be carried oust in a most systematic manner, thereby ensuring success. Messrs Baynes.and Howell' have been very successful in collecting;;; their s ubscrip tlen-list already showing nearly £50 cash,. The energy of the secretary (Mr J. C". Hoad) tends, in a great measure to the success of the affair being.- ensured. Erratum. — In an, advertisement of the United Shire of hteechworth, calling for tenders for certain road works, an error, we are informed by the Shire secretary, an Dears in No. 1 tender, which reads : 30 chains grubbing and clearing, two cul verts, &c.; , &c.; ,. Buckland-soad, Everton, It should be ISO chains. Dental. — Mr Albert Burbank, surgeon dentist-, of 99 Swanston-street, Mel bourne, desires us to state that on account ef indisposition he has been compelled to postpone his next visit to Beechworth till Wednesday, Thursday and Friday next, when he -may be consulted at Mr Gammon's, chemist. Auctioneer, &e.; — Mr. William Orr, auctioneer, valuator and general agent, Wangaratta, in another column intimates that he is agent for several firms and com panies ; also, that he has for sale a large number of sheep and. cattle and several freehold properties! Post- Office Receiving-box. — A- .pillar for the reception of letters has been erected in front of Mr Dixon's shop, at the corner of Nunn and Bridge streets, Benalla, and will prove a great public convenience. Special Licensing District. — In re ply to a deputation from the Yarrawonga Shire Council, introduced by Messrs ' Bolton and Hall, M.L.A.'s, seeking to have a township known as Tungamab pro claimed a special licensing district, tlie Minister of J ustice said he would visit the locality before giving his decision. The deputation pointed out that the house for which a license was sought was situated 14 iiiuca uuui tue ii.LULi.;ty xLiver anci zu miles from Benalla, on a road where there was a large traffic and no house of accommodation for travellers. The ratepayers of the shire had, however, recently decided that the number of licensed houses should not be increased. Dra.iiatic Entertainment, — A grand entertainment, in aid of the funds of the Ovens District Hospital, is announced by the El Dorado Amateur Dramatic Club, to be given in El Dorado Court-house on Thursday evening, 14th April, when an excellent and liberal programme, whic i is at present in active rehearsal, will be presented. The Vintage. — Vintage onerations are now in progress all over the district (says the " Albury Banner") and will not be concluded for some weeks yet. The question of what to do with the produce, in view of the very limited demand on this side of the Mur.ay and the high duty exacted for all sent over the river, has been ingeniously solved by one local manufacturer, Mr Greer. This gentleman has engaged cellar accommodation at Wodonga, and purposes pressing and making wine in that township, thus saving the Victorian duty. The Weather. — A most welcome change in the weather took place in Beechworth on Thursday. For some days previous it was extremely hot and sultry, and bush-fires burning in the vicinity added to the unpleasant heat and closeness of the atmosphere. However, on Thurs day afternoon it was apparent that a change was imminent ; the sky becoming obscured by dark clouds and distant rumblings of thunder were heard, accom panied by lightning flashes, towards even ing, when slight showers fell. The full force of the storm burst over the town about half-past seven o'clock, when heavy rain commenced to fall and continued steadily until the early part of the follow ing afternoon, when the weather again broke and the 3im shone forth pleasantly. The amount of the rainfall was v?83in. The chance snnears to have been ureitv general throughout the colony-, a id in various places in the district took place about the same time as in Beechworth. Our Rut-herglon correspondent, writing on Friday mo ning, says : The weather has- been exceptionally hot here for the last few days, and owing to the long drought, the want of water has been very severely felt. Farming operations have been at a standstill. The welcome rain set in on Thursday evening about 6 o'clock, aud has continued up to the present time. Death of Dn Cobbett. — The " Albury Banner" deeply regret, having to record the death of Dr R. N. Cobbett, which took place at Torquay on the 25th January7. Dr Cobbett practised for some years in Albury, and during his residence there was very highly esteemed. He took an active part in many movements for the general benefit of the town, and was a liberal subscriber whenever funds were required for religious or charitable pur poses. Ruthergesn Police Court: — On Wed nesday7, 23rd March, before Mr Thomas Reeve, J. P. Catherine Smith was- charged with neglecting to send her som to- school the number of day7s required by the Act. Mr Tilt, tru and a line of 2s 6d was inflicted; G. and J. Hunter sued Herman Peterson- for £13 ISs 4d, on a fraud summons. As only- one magistrate- was present, the case was postponed for ene month. An interpleader summons in the case Telford v Rothwsll was put in by7 Mrs R. Rothwell,. claiming certain goods detained for debt by James Telford. Mr Hodgson for plaintiff. Mr Rothwell asked! to have the- case ad>- jonrnod, as his wife was not" able to appear. The case was adjournod! to the- 1st April. Albury Memsv — Our correspondent ois Wednesday writes : — The Albury Racing Club are to be-songratulated ca-the fair: number of acceptances and nominati ms they have received for the races- to take- place on the Slot March and the 1st o3 April next. No- doubt, tlie -iew blooi inoculated into -the sportive veins of tha ne w club will tend in no small degree towards the success of the meeting ; and- notwithstanding the counter attraction <;? a cheap trip to: Melbourne on-ithe same day7, the cominitoee are very sanguine c3 ; the meeting turning out a suacess. Mr: Roberts, the traffic manager, . has been- .communicated with, and trains will bo n-laced at the discosal of the - committee. during the whole day7. The bboths have been disposed;', oh privately7 to Mr John Darby, of the Salutation Hotel, for £60i The acceptances- for the big races and the EiOminatioiis for- the hurdle and steeple- jehase will be found elsewhere A cricket jmatch toolc pl'aee at Green HiLs, j©n Saturday,-, between the.-. Green Hi!£s ;Club and a team from the Albany ;Club, whicbi resulted in favor of the Victorians by. 3UL runs on the- first innings. ' Score : Alb'ary, 53 ; Green Hills, 34. ; In reference .-to the police r sport published : elsewhere, If may7 say that'Gaptain Batfcye : seems further dcterminedito decrease - the average of ; a rime ; and Us-.that purpose- a police-station has been placed near the bridge, and' Constable Stanwix placed in charge. Yesterday th©- constable soon commenced business by- baking a prisoner for stealing a blanket,, and I liane no doubt he was making for Victoria. On Tuesday night, a fire occurred at the, residence of an old lady7 named Jacksoin, who is over -80 years of age. It appears, that for some- time past a young girl has been in the habit of sleeping with Mrs Jackson, for company ; and. the latter hearing a noise,, went out to. see if it was. the young pesson who was coming and left, the candle burning. She- thinks a spsk must have, gone from the candle to the bed-clofche3.. The old lady had some few pounds in gold and notes saved up. Stom the produce of her vineyard, aud lost everything ; as the place was burnt to the i ground and was uninsured. A presentation in the shape of a few pounds would be very welcome. Talking about presen tations, an official in the Government service in Albury some time ago received a diamond ring and an address of con gratulation for the way in which ho had performed his public services. The same person has just received two years' im prisonment in Adelaide for robbery from the person. The English Opera Company, which succeeded so well in pleasing the public of Albury7, will again appear at the Exchange Theatre on the . race nights, in "Pinafore." A bazaar in aid of the funds of "St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church will be held in the Commercial Stores, adjoining the Globe Hotel, for four days, beginning on the 30tb. instant. " H. M.S. Pinafore."'— The Royal English and Comic Opera Company are announced to present "H.M.S. Pinafore" before a Beechworth audience shortly. Probate. — Probates have been granted to .the wills of — The Rev. Adam Cairns, £10,039 ; Robert Hailier Tucker. £750. Religious. — The Venerable Archdeacon Stretch, of Melbourne, will preach in St. Luke's Church, Wodonga, on Tuesday, 5th April. Wangaratta Borough Election. — An election to fill an extraordinary vacancy in the Wangaratta Borongh Council took place on xnursaay, anci resiutea m tne return of Mr Wm. Dale by eighteen votes over his opponent, Mr William Meldrum ; the polling being — Dale, 92 ; Meldrum, 74\. The question at issue was whether stock brought into the market, but un sold, should be taxed, or allowed to de part free. Mr Dale is in favor of the free market. After the pell wa3 taken both gentlemen thanked the ratepayers. Freemasonry. — At a convocation of tlie Companions of the Royal Arch Chapter of Jerusalem No. 72S, held at the Masonic Hall, Loch-street, Beechworth, on Wednes day evening, the 23rd of March, the im pressive ceremony of placing the three Principals in their respective chairs was ably conducted by Past M.E.Z. Companion Frederick Brown, assisted by Companions Past M.E.Z. the R.ev. Canon Howard, District Grand Chaplain ; Past M.E.Z. Joseph Caliill, of the Collingwoed Chapter and Past J. of the District Grand Chapter ; 0\. G. Thompson, Past M.E.Z. and E. of the Beechworth Royal Arch Chapter of St. John. The Companions installed were — To the chair of Z., Companion W. A. Dobbyn, Past H. aud Junior Grand Warden of the District Grand Lodge of (Victoria ; Companion Geo. Ross, Past tl , to again fill that chair; and Companion D. Fiddes, the Worshipful Master of the St. John's Lodge, as J. The other office-bearers invested were — Companion Chas. G. Thompson, P.M.E.Z. as E. ;E. A. Shultzas N. ; J. Werthiem, S. W. of the Beechworth Lodge of St. John, asP.S. ; P.M. Com panion H. A. Crawford as treasurer ; and A. Finnigan as janitor. Amongst the Com panions present were several visitors from Melbourne and other Chapters, who ex pressed themselves as being both gratified and instructed by the able working of the officers of the Beechworth Chapter. Relieved from Duty. — The Police Commission have requested the Chief Secretary to relieve Messrs Nicolson (acting Chief Commissioner of Police), Hare (superintendent), and S idleir (in spector) from duty7 pending further pro gress being made with the taking of v.jf/'xr/lin'r f!7rt r\ f Kello-?. The- Chief Secretary has at cnce complied with the request, and: those officers have accordingly bee-v relieved from duty. Superintendent Ohomley will assume the office of Acting Chief Com missioner of Police until further' orders are issued bv the Chief Secretary. — "Age." Melbourne Stock Market. — -Mr J. G. Dougharty reports on the 23rd March : Flit Cattle. — 2284 were drawn for' the week. Owing to the ..'xtrem-dy hot weather prevailing, and the very large supply forward, sales opened at a reduc tion- of from 15s to 20s, and towards- the finish sales were still wurse, leaving off at fronn fully 25s to 30s below the closing rates last week. I sold1— 100 bulloeks-for Mr U, G. Watson, Tintaldra, to £(> l-2s Ud ; -ID do do for Mr N-. Cumin, Welare- . gang,, to £5 10s ; 33 do do for Mr R. Bruce,-. Burramine. to £v7s l>d ; 31 do -do for Mir A. M'Combe, Allan's Fiat, to -£G 17s Gdi;. 32 do do for Mr A. Robinson, Spring: Creek ; 30 do do for Mr «3ohn Rowley,. Betbsnga. to £? VLos ; 22 buiiooks and cows for Mr James W-hitty, Moyhnj.lo £G 12s -del ; 11 do and cows for Messrs Connor Bros., Bowman'.-;.- Forest, to £4. Store Stock. — I sold at Maffra, on Friday S000 crossbred ewes and' wetliers on» ac count of "Messrs? Wilson and Dougharty;-. of Omeo, the former at 6s 771- and the latter- at Gs iOd. Narrow: Escape from Death by Burningn— Annie Aslin-rf. barmaid at Giblin's Vineyard Hotel, Benalla, received seme serious- burns ou Thursday morning.- She was toasting some bread in the kitchen, when the light muslin dress which she wore vats ignited. Herscries attracted the attention of Mr Giblia,. who haci-fhe presence of' mi ad to wrap Miss Asling in ablanket. Sradthusspeedi'ye-xfingiusheAthe flames. Her hands aud legs are very much blistered, aud Mrc Gibling also recei zed a scorching. Mies - Asling' s body anct face es'-iaped the blazev - It wouiM he well to remember that the safest plan to adopt in such an emergency-is to lie flat on the grouj-Kl and roll yourself, or be ; rolled in blankets or carpet. When standing the dames will fly.up to the- face, and do the greatest iniscliisf-i; bub em the other hand; the recumbent position will cause the flfleses to burn ixmre slowly, and be the quicker extinguished, without doing very7 serious harm — " Ensipi." Cricketf — To-day (Saturday) a > match for the diix-t-ict challenge cap- will be played ai ciseechworth between . elevens chosen frana the local and Myrtleford (not Huxdle- Fiat, as was- mentioned in error in our ; last issue) cricket clubs. The Beechworth representatives, will be — D. Ry a i>. W arton , Joecs;. G'ordswortliy, Smith, Bacbonr, Brettr_ Dblibyn, White head, B-uuke and E. Moore ; emergency,-, H. and Ah Arundel." Wickets will be, pitched at 12 o'clock. Tenders. — Messrs Mhiaro and C.&., elsewhere call for tenders- for carting an engine,, boiler, bricks,/ housing and con.- nections-fcom Beech worth to the Reclisbfite Company's claim, Hurdle Mat, and off a battery,-, &c.;, from the Beechworth. rail way-station to the claim. Horisk- shoeing. — We- notice that Mn F. Pemberton, of Beechworth, has, been awarntcl second order of - merit for a collection of horse-shoes at the Melbourne Exhibition. TAansjiission oivGkain. — The quantity of grain forwarded from the Ruilierglen railway-station' ffer- the r week- "ending Thursday, 24th March, was 765; bags. Beechworth; - Police CouBa\ — On Thursday, befora Messrs Gammon and Ingrain, J.P.'s, Owen MoAnaaly was charged with illegally using, a horse, the 'property of John Stout, of the Red Hill,. Beechworth, on or about 1st August, IS 8(1 The offence, having been proved by the evidence of the prosecutor and three youths named Trevaliyn, Payne and Smith, who deposed to having seen pri- soner riding the horse at Dederang about the time of the trial of the Kelly ganw of outlaws, the Bench inflicted a fine of £5 ; in default three months' imprisonment in Beechworth Gaol. Being unable to pay the fine, prisoner was forwarded to gaoi. Ah Fook was charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm upon a countryman named Ah Toy, and was remanded till Thursday, 31st March ; bail being allowed in one surety of £50, and himself in the same amount. Bail was forthcoming, and the court adjourned. The First Interment. — The first burial in the Chiltern New Cemetery took place on Tuesday. It was that of the body of a child of Mr O'Neill, butcher. .- - ; A - — . .- .- OicLTY Mems.— There is but little to chrome! from fthis neighborhood, writes our correspondent on Thursday. The drought continues/ ami ploughing is thus interfered with. The first day's sale at Mr McGavin's farm went tiff fairly well, considering the season and the times. Few people care to purchase stock just now, as there is but little grass. Should the rain keep off until toe cold weather comes on, the stock will be unable to out live the winter. This ami other depressing circumstances made the sale of cattle difficult at remunerative prices to the seller. Horses went off hotter. These were a capital lot, both, the young thoroughbreds as well as the draught horses, borne spirited bidding took place f"i- some of the more fancied lots. Mr Tone and his son and assistants were kept pretty busy 'until dark. Mra McGavin and her daughters were also busy- in supplying the creature comforts, which were liberally provided, to all comers. The sale of agricultural implements on the second day of the sale went off slowly, and for the engine, threshing-machine and dairy-implements there were no bids that could be entrtained. T'lu sale closed at 4 p.m., when horses belonging to owners in the neighborhood were. offered; but few of them were sold. Mr McGavin purposes going into sheep-farming, and should he select nrst-class slice p ana pay attention to the getting up of the wool, there can be little doubt cf the success of the specula tion ; but great care will be necessary in the selecting of ewes and rams in the first instance, as well as in the careful culling of unsuitable animals from the flock. The culls will do for the butcher; but good wool of any class can only be ob tained from good sheep. It is to be hoped that success may attend upon the new speculation on which Mr McGavin lias entered. It gave much pleasure to the numerous friends of Mr Wm. Allan, of the Oxley Flonrmills to find that his flour took first prize at the Beechv -i-rth and North-Eastern Agricultural Show. They were still more gratified to find that at the more extended competition held aty Goldsbrough's, Melbourne, he ako carried off first honors for country milled flour, and received a very handsome, silver cup, value £10. This success ought to be an encouragement to Mr Allan to pursue in producing a first-rate article, and to induce other country millers to endeavor to emulate his success. Mr Allan states that the flour which gained the first- prize in Melbourne was manufactured from similar wheat to- that which produced the winning flour at Beechworth. The whole- of the wheat was grown in the Oxley Shire. Bush fires are still raging on the hills and in the- valleys about. Meadow- Creek, and a' so towards the head of Hurdle Creek. Tlie Movliu Races- come off te-day (Thursday)- ; and as numerous - horses have put in their appearance at the s tables-,, a very successful meeting, is- auticipated. A little rain would- have made the ground better for the aged'- horses who are at all tender on their pins. The; Gartav.e Cemetery. — A meeting- of the trustees of this cemetery was- held at the- R'uthcrglen Shire office, Town HalL oiv Wednesday afternoon. Present : The newly appointed trustees, viz., Messrs Reeve r- Hamilton and: Harris ; ako- Mr- J-ihn rCe'.ly, one of the- former trustees. On the- motion of Mr Reeve, seconded/by Mr Harris.. Mr Hamilton was elected 'chairman- of the board! for tho present year. Tile secretary (Mr Donald Brown) read a report, slunvisig; the position the board had been placed, as some of-' the former trustees had left- the colony,, and had not- sent in theiiv resignation and consequently lie had been unable to call a- meetingof the board for- some years past. The minutes of-'the previous meeting were tlnn read- and confirmed. The balance- - sheet, which had been audited by Mr C. Beresford Goslett, ofirfie Bank >f Victoria, showing the financial position of the trust, was received and adopted ; and after some further- routine business, the meeting adjourned for a month. Now that fresh trustees, have been appointed, there. is a probability . of the. 7-a'rlyle Cemetery re ceiving.- more attention than liaa- been, bestowed - upon it o-f-i late years, as at present it is in a sadiy neglected state. Temora.- — An important discovery of water has been macle-at Teniora. Flan- nery and party sfcruek . water in tho upper town at 190ft. It is thought, in the opinion of practical Iminers, chat, ., if the Government sent up a diamond-drill, plenty of water conld be obtained. The weatliev i3 exceedingly hot and very un heal thy. The Temora mon thly escort left Gulgong on Mondiiy with 90'Ztfozs of gold ; t200ozs are 3 till retained by the banks. Tailoring. — Iuiour business columns MrG.;W. Dinsmcre, -.tailor, of Fcrd-street, Beeshworth, points out that advantages are to be gained . by gentlemen i getting measured for clclihing at his establish ment, and enumerates the prices of certain articles as being; cheaper than those charged in the metropolis. New Insolvent.:- — Robert C./Thomaen, olr: Albury, saddler. Liabilities, £1332 ; . aceets, £1440 ; surplus, £10S. Auction Sales. — Messrs -Ji H. Gray and Co. annevmee the following sales by . auction : — On Monday, 28/4! March, Mr, 3E. Lodge's 809-acre grazing, and agricul tural farm, adjoining the Whorouly Bridge.- jBowman's Forest, aud improvements com.-; prising four- roomed dwelling-house anfik Outbuildings, well -stocked .garden and suh- istantial slai:ghteryards ; also, several head: of cattle, horses, farm implements, ten. : tons of wh oaten hay, &c.; On the follow ing day (Tuesday) the whole of the fi.um- ture and household effects belonging; to Mr Form an ,. of Victoria-.road , Beech wortilh. On Wednesday, 6th Ariel;, at Mrs O'TOcilAB farm, Big. Hill, Evertcn,. a number of; head of dairy, oaitle, horseaq. farm implements, household) furniture, tfco., and 181 3c.r«3 of land. Salss; try Auamtfc. — Mr John/Strick- land nas. received instructions to. sen— On Tuesday, 29th March, at Banibrick's Hotsl' "Wodonga,. 16 acres of fiost.-class to bacco. land at Mid- die Greek,, with dwel ling-house erected thereon ;. on the fol lowing Thursday, at the Star Hotel,; RifAherglen, 32.6 acres of land, at Norongj, aao-at five miles from Rsthergleu and Wabgunyah j and on Saturday, 2nd April, the Chiltern Flourtaill, with allre- iquisites fo? working it ; also, a four- I roomed brick cottage adjoining. The - Gmeo District. — Writing from Omeo the travelling reporter .. of the ' ' Telegraph" states that the weather in that looality is the reverse of warm, snow having fallen on the Australian Alps and the surrounding ranges for several days. Although in other parts of the colony the summer is_ only just in its height, it may be said to , have almost disappeared here, and tourists, wishing to enjoy .a trip through the somewhat rough but pictur- esque-country lying between the Tambo and the Ovens, and comprising the. terrific slopes of Shady Greek, the varied scenery around Omeo, and the magnificent view to be obtained from the summits of Mount Feather top and Mount'Hotham, would d© well to start within two or three weeks at the latest, a3 after the middle of next month the weather is usually unsettled, and considerable quantities of snow are generally met with on the ranges. 