THE MYSTERIOUS FIJtES IN TASMANIA. The " Hobart Mcrcury " of the 25th No vember and tw® following days supplies the following information with regard to the supposed volcano in Tasmania :—"News reached town last night (November 24th) that a burning nioiiritain had, been discovered in Tasmania, or, rather, that a ltioniitain hitherto no way differing from its neighbors, has broken out into a chain of volcanoes. The volcenic outbreak extended in d line for upwards of two miles, breaking out here and there in patches of about 300 yards long, leaving the ground between untouched. At night, our ■ informant says, the flames can be seen shooting up into the sky a quarter of a mile high." , A special reporter of the Mercury was sent to report upon the affair. Speaking of his excursion in search of the supposed volcano, lie relates how at one sta^c lie came upon a scene, of desolation land destruction. The Snug Creek had overflowed its banks, bridges had been swept away, and left high and dry on hillsides, orchards and gardens had been devastated and swept away, and .crops irre trievably ruined. In one case a small schooner, lying anchored in front of the [owners resilience, .was, on the night .of-, the'j I flood, carried away hundreds of yards from its moorings, and-left high and dry on the land between the southern bank of the creek and the sea. It was with great difficulty that its owner succeeded in getting it once again into deep water, and then the damage which it had sustained was greatv and the keel and part of the starboard bulwark having been washed away. As the reporter continued his journey, fresh evidences of the destructivness of the flood presented themselves on every sicle. The scene of a strange landslip was also passed. It seemed as if the whole side of a hill, nearly a mile and a half long, had been scooped out and lodged in the creek. The stream would appear, after being dammed up to a great height, to have burst its way out of one side of the embankment of earth, and having once got away, to have washed a channel for itself. As to the " volcano," the reporter says :—"Mr. Kennan told us be fore we started that he had seen the smoke and flames rising high in the air, and one of his men, who was then working away from the house, had been near it, and described it as a ' deep hole in the earth, from which issued dense black smoke.' At length,'unable to see on account of the fog, we decided to retrace our steps. So far the search for the volcano has been unsuccessful, but another attempt to unravel the volcanic mystery will be made." The result of that other attempt was that the eic.ury wrote :—"The volcano has ended in smoke. The great Tasmanian Mount Etna is nothing more nor less than a somewhat unusual bush-fire. After having spent Friday in looking for the supposed burning mountain without success, our re porter returned to the Snug on Saturday, for the purpose of renewing his search, accom panied by a Hobart gentleman whose abili ties as a bushman made him a very desirable companion." Of their experiences they 'aid : —" Having minutely examined the embers of the fire, we saw that the eonflagartion had taken place since the heavy rains which | caused the recent flood. We followed the remains of the five for nearly two miles through a winding plain, but could see no trace of volcanic action, or even of coal of fire. We then retraced our steps, and when nearing the point where we had first reached the plain, and just after coining from behind a slight rise in the country, we observed a pillar of thick black sinolw rising high into the air. When approaching the smoke was heard a loud roaring and crackling noise, but could not see any 1 lames. Working round to the west or windward side we cautiously ad vanced, and when we reached the pillar of smoke, saw to our chagrin that it was noth ing more than a bush-fire. The roaring noise proceeded from the button grass, which, although clamp, burned rapidly, and emitted a dense smoke. The tea-tree scrub and heather also burned speedily, aud now and then a flame would shoot- upwards, consum ing a tall tea-tree bush in a few seconds." So great was the excitement caused in the city by the report of the alleged volcanic eruption, that quite a crowd went down to .the Snug for the purpose of finding out all about it, and seeing as much as they could of the mysterious fire. A few took the land, and with the aid of horses and vehicles pro ceeded to the vicinity of the interesting grounds ; but the greater number went by water, both the steamers Pearl and Pinafore being largely patronised, whilst a number went by boat and yacht. The Proposed Tunnel under Mont Blanc.—The construction of another great Alpine tunnel, which should bring Paris and the north of France into more direct communication with Italy than is afforded by the existing tunnel through Mont Cenis, is under consideration with the French Govern ment, the projects including not only one through Mont Blanc, but also through the , Simplon or the Great St. Bernard. It is not likely, however, that the latter will meet with much encourag ment. The tunnel under the Simplon woukl be 80,719 feet long,' while that under Mont Blanc is only 4.4,292 feet. As compared with other Alpine tunnels, Mont Cenis is 40,093 feet, and St. | Gothsvrd 4S,952 feet. The Simplon would, therefore, be longest of all; but on the other hand, it would be on a lower level than the I others, the entrance at Brieg being only 2333 I feet, and that at Iselle 2253 feet above the sea level. The entrances to the Mont Blanc tunnel would be3345 feet at Montquart, and 4215 feet at Entreves, above the sea level. The Bardonneche entrance to Mont Cenis is 3970 feet, and that at Modane 3799 feet; while in the case of the St. Gothrird tunnel the northern entrance at Goeschenen is 8033 fec-t, a,nd the southern, at Airolo, 3750 feet above the sea. Tims the Mont Cenis tunnel is shorter, but 330 feet higher than the Mont Blanc,, while the Simplon would be about half as long again, but about 1000 feet lower. Supposing that the operations would be con ducted at the same rate as they have been at St. Gotham, the boring will take 4,218 days, or, working at both ends, 2109—nearly six years. The total sum for the execution of the work is estimated at 45;f millions of francs (St. Gothardhaving cost 54 millions), though this amount would only apply .to/,the actual piercing of the tCmnel, and a largo additicintial sum would be required for the 'laying down line, the approaches, &c.;: The distance between Paris and Brindisi would be shortened by about 24 miles, but the real benefit; that both Franco and Italy wo Id reap would be in the great facilities for the interchange of commerce between the two countries. The Panama Canal.—Officials belonging to the Interoceanic - Canal Comnany, lately arrived 'at New York from France, arc re ported as having made the following state ments concerning the-'.present condition of affairs at Panama arid-the expectations of tha projectors of the enterprise: " The definite 'survey of the line, which extends from Aspinwall to Panama aud is 4G miles long, has been completed. We have two excavators on hand, but the work of digging hasnotbeen extensively undertaken as yet, as we are; awaiting the j arrival of additional excavators and other implements from France and Belgium. Twelve hundred men are at present engaged on the "works, and when operations are in full - swing we shall hive upwards 'of 8000 men. The men have been engaged in building hou ses and workshops along the lino of the canal, Aspinwall, Gautau, Empire, • and Gambao ; also ' hospitals at: Panama and Aspinwall to accommodate 400 patients.: The maximum of wages for un skilled workmen is §! a day, and get some at as low jas 60 ceuts. The contract allows 10 years to complete our labors, but we aro contidentjthat we can complete the canal in .six-years:; The can ll will be nearly 30 feet 'deep, .and about GO ffeet wide, sufficient to afford safe passage for vessels of the largest size without locks." ) Separation or Rich and Poor.—The street is the dwelling-place of a congregation of families assembled together for mutual support, and should contain every section in its immediate locality. The violation of this principle is fruitful of much injury to a part, and therefore to the whole community. .Rich and poor must work together, and they should live in the same neighbourhood ; the one class is necessary to the other not only irt manufactures, in commerce, and the offices o' domestic life, but also in the sympathy of a common nationality and mutual citizenship A custom directly opposed to this principle has lately teen making progress. In one of the Midland towns an entire district is confined by the character of the leases to large and expen sive houses ; thus the " well-to-do" are com pletely separated from their poorer fellow citizens; the rich aud poor live apart, and there is little opportunity for the -wealthy to perform kind offices to the necessities of the-, needy. It lias been rendered almost impossible, by distance, and by custom, aris ing from that difficulty, for the young ^ladies of a, house to spend a portion of their leisure time in visiting the homes of their fathers' ( servants, and conveying to them not only .a something from superfluous wealth, but/what is more important, the .refinement, which .'! cultivated intercourse can alone confer. The young ladies themselves lose much by the deprivation since " it is more blessed' to give than to receive." The artisans, separa ted from the restraining influence of occas sional association, with the more educated classes, and living apart from them, lose a stimulant to self-respect which they would otherwise possess; littlewonderifthey,neglect I the appearance of their home and the comfort of their families for the attractions of the. public-house and music-hall. If they lived in the side-streets .adjoining those occupied, by the more cultured classes, and if the daughters of their employers, as well as tho ministers of religion, were in the habit of calling upon them to inquire into their welfare, and occasionally passed through the thoroughfare in which they lived, they would soon learn to feel a pride in'their house and its garden ; clean curtains would appear in the window, and flowers bloom there ; and if, in addition, the same church, received them, tho dress would change from slipshod vulgarity to quiet and decent respectability. —C. S. Magazine. 