London. Jan. 24. (from the age correspondent. ) Henry Taylor, the late emigration lec turer in England oil behalf of South Australia, sails by the Orient to deliver lectures throughout Australia advocating the export of Australian food to Eng land. c A meeting will be held at the Mansion House next Friday of merchants and others to advocate the holding of a wool exhibition, at which Australia, the Cape of Good Hope, America, and all the great wool-producing countries shall be repre sented. Mr Bradlaugh, M.P. for Northampton, in accordance with the motion of which he had given notice, called the attention of the Government to the cruelty practised upon the Maories arrested in the New Plymouth district in jN ew Zealand in keeping them in prison for several months without trial. Mr Grant Duff, the Under- Secretary of State for the Colonies, requested that the quest should be post poned until the arrival of full information on the subject, which he expected to receive by the March mail. The Weather. — Shortly after two o'clock on Thursday afternoon, a pleasant change iti the weather took place, result ing in a break-up of the long-continued drought. In the forenoon it was ex tremely close and oppressive, the ther mometer registering 04 degrees, but about midday there were indications of a change. _ Within three hours there was a copious fall of rain, heralded by violent gusts of wind and a thunderstorm, which had the much desired effect of clearing the air. The rain fell almost con tinuously until after six o'clock, when it ceased ; leaving the atmosphere deli«ht- fuHy cool and invigorating, and being most benefacial to vegetation. The total amount of rain registered at the district survey-office as having fallen in Beech- worth was 0.32 inches. The change ' came most opportunely, and was wel- , coined with delight by all classes, graziers especially, whoso stock was be- < onniimrf u. .it A . _ o wovicicij Autji fciic iticK or nourish- rnent contained in the parched grass and the scarcity of water. By no means the least important effect of the rainfall was the extinguishing of the bush- fires which have been raging in various parts, causin- and threatening, serious damage to pro perty ; and, besides, nature has thereby assumed a totally different garb, owing to the absence of the smoke which hitherto obscured the distant landscape. From accounts to hand it would appear that the change has been general throughout the C«-01P\' tlie news of its beneficial effects has been somewhat, marred by in telligence that about one o'clock on Thurs day afternoon a stoker employed at the Melbourne Gasworks, while walking in the streets of West Melbourne, wa3 struck by lightning and killed on the spot. The electric fluid struck the unfortunate fellow on the back of the neck, and passed down bis back, tearing away a portion of one of his boots and sock. Another man was also struck, but, beyond being paralysed tor a time, received no serious injury Friday, m Beechwortli, was a beautiful day, with a fine cool breeze blowing at intervals. = T?AT»-r.T<S>» 1) 171 jjjnteuprise. — Another party of Ballarat gentleman has taken up ; ground in the vicinity of Benalla for » pUnS TO055®3- we learn from the Ballarat Courier" that a meeting of pro moters of the Strathbogie Ranges Com pany was held on Tuesday evening at the Redan Club Hotel. Mr H. G. Williams occupied the chair, and there were about fifteen present. It was resolved to take up two leases of 3S acres each in the Strathbogie Ranges. A committee, con- S13a ' i l essrs Williams, Cooper, Alroe, and J? Jetclier, was appointed to carry out all arrangements in connection with the starting of the company. .Reduction in the Rate of Interest. —We learn by telegram from our Mel- beurne correspondent that at a meeting of J tha associated banks held on Friday after- i noon it was deotded to reduce the rate of ! interest on fixed deposits from four to i tore per cent. i Ei. Dora, y : R. .dice oukt b. Tues day, bef.ne air W. . , jo , p yj Robort Nesbitt, siimui.uica Jann-s Ren lor il.eg.1ll3 ,1 <m ,gi,u ,litv , u . -vll. A'oleutt appeared W ; Air llr.-vvn for dcreud.uii. a.-, A .ami, sue coaiiilaiiiant, did 1101 tn ease was dismissed, with zl.-c.ists to . defendant ; in.' default, iiouis mipvisuniiient. .Ou .-NVtjtl net-clay ? bufoio rVKjssiS duco'.v and J. Aifchur whs siiti'minnd fci usin<r threatening language to James Burns' On the ca-e being called, the complainant asked ie .ve to withdraw the charge which the magistrates granted. H. Horrocks sued A. Whntier for £10 10s, goods sold and. delivered. No appearance of defen dant. An order for the full amount was given, with 2s Gd cosrs ; in default, dis tress. There being no applications, the court adjourned. State-Schooi Holiday. — The "Bal larat Courier' status that Major Smith has signified his intention of granting a three d;tys' holichiy in the various State- schools throughout the Ballarat and other districts during the running of the Exhi bition excursion trains, to allow the teachers and pupils to take the opportunity 01 visiting the metropolis. " The Illustrated Sydney News." — VI e have to acknowledge the receipt of the January number of " The Illustrated Sydney News and New South Wales Agriculturist and Grazier." The publi cation is one which does infinite credit to tlie publishing firm from whose office it is issued (Messrs Gibbs, Shalland and Co.) ; the woodcuts being well executed, and the letterpress of an interesting and instructive character. The illustrations comprised in the present number are : A portrait of the lost explorer, Ludwig Leiehardt (from tlie bust in the New (South Wales Lands Department) ; the new (llSSPftf.ll'IOf.llrtneo of 4hr\ Tslourl abattoirs, Sydney ; " The Irish School master scenes in connection with the new English colony in Tennessee ; a portrait of Colour-sergeant Daniel Gee ; the head-quarters of the new fishery at Port Stephens ; views in connection with the overland journey from Sydney to Melbourne, and of scenery in the neigh borhood of Albury ; view of a hillside tea- garden in the Taeping district., China ; scenes in connection with the sculling-race for the Championship ol the World ; portrait of Mr Parnell, head of the Irish Land League ; a picture of the new railway dining-car, and of the Fitzroy Falls, near Moss Yale. A splendidly executed view of Albury in 1SS1 is published as a supplement. The Moussf. Testimonial. — The Presi- sident of the Ovens District Hospital (Mr Richard Warren) in another column con venes a public meeting of the residents of tlie town and district, to be held at the Town Hall, Beechwortli, on Tuesday evening, 1st February, at eight o'clock, to take into consideration the matter of raising a lasting testimony to the memory of the late Dr Mousse. We feel assured that a hearty response will be made to the invitation by all classes of the com munity, in their desire to do honor t... the memory .of one who in life was universally beloved and respected. Iu our leading columns of to-day's issue we allude to the importance of the object, and the reasons for its being carried into practical effect in a suitable manner. The Mail Contracts.— The existing contracts for the conveyance of inland mails terminate on the 30th June next, and in the course of a week (we learn from tne Argus ) tenders will be invited by tlie Postal Department for the carriage of these mails for three years, commencing from the 1st .J ul\ These tenders will be divided into five portions, the different inland mail services being upwards of 600 in number. It is the desire of the Post master-General to afford the utmost facilities for persons to submit local tenders, so as to prevent the mail con tracts again falling into the hands of one or two carrying companies. With this view lie will insist upon a separate bond fide offer being made for each particular service, and he intends to strictly enforce in future that clause of the general con ditions of the contract which prohibits the assignment or sub-letting of any contract without his express permission. B3' adopt ing this course Mr Langridge hopes that persons resident in different country dis tricts will he induced to tender, and that selectors may in some cases find employ ment in the carriage of the mails for members of their families. A considerable reduction in the amounts of the various tenders is also anticipated. Melbourne Stock Market. — Messrs Stratford Strettle and Co.' report for the week ending January 26th Fat Cattle. — 2300 head came forward for this market, 1010 of which were penned and disposed f; _ The quality was chiefly good to middling, with a few pens mime. The market opened briskly at slightly higher ln ices than last week for prime quality, and this description was fairly comneted for throughout : middling selling at rather 11 reduction 011 late figures. Fat Calves. —269 were penned, being much over present requirements, and prices ruled w. Fat Sheep. — 17,533 were yarded insisting chieflv of good to quality. Prime sorts were only moderately represented, and this description were 1 "l?Y®d off at fully last week's rates. 1 Middling and inferior were difficult to quit at a slight reduction on late queta- l('ns- . Lambs. — 23S1 came to hand. All suitable for the trade found ready buyers at an advance of Is per head on late rates. Mr John G. Dougharty re ports: Fat Cattle. — 22S2 came forward for the week's supply. The attendance ot town buyers was good, but many country were absent. I have sold— 100 bullocks and cows for Messrs Hanson and W heeler, Colac Colac, to £4 12s 6d 30 do for Mr R. Milne, Whorouly, to £5 12s Gel ; 30 do for the Hon. J. A. Wallace Quat Quatta, to £5 ; 11 do and cows for Mr R. Marum, Kergunyah, to £5 7s 6d : 11 do do for Messrs Connor Brothers Bowman s Forest, to £4 12s 6d : 10 do for Mr R. Walker. Ivergunyah, to £6 10 cows for the Experimental Farm,' Cashel, at £5 12s 6d, the top price of the market ; 9 do and cows for Mr J. Strick land, Ghiltern, to £5 10s. Fat Calves— 269 came forward for the week's market, and, on account cf the extreme hot weather and the large snnnlv. mi. showed a slight decline on last week's i'Mes, best in making 35s. Fat Sheep— It ,533 were yarded for this week's market most of which were really good sheen' and better than we have seen in fife market for some time. The demand being good, sales opened briskly," and prices showed an advance on last week's quotations of about Gd. I have sold- 201 merino wethers for Mr M KW Gooramadda, at 7s. Fat Lambs — 03s! came forward for the week, this being the smallest number we have had for many tradJ ' a n S sufficient for the ade, everything was cleared out at an quoEns frR 18 t0 H d n laSt quotations. Horses— I have to report a good demand for all useful sorts in Sondi- ForVre Partlc»larly for those adapted a ,iren 3 Since my last I have not raided any lots werth note, but have sold wTr n' and Privately, at satis- EJT ?nT- ' 511(1 5 sma11 draffc on the itafcon for shipment, at £10 pr head. . a Victorian Grain and Produce Mar. H kct, Mesji-s William. Adamson and Co P leport for the wuok ending January 26th'- fe —Grain— The tone <>f me market to-dav H ' egards. breacisiufls was decidedly easier I c.i' 'ed no doubt by advices from Eng B land, winch report, a dull mirkot. In +1 f| iac;- present high rates ruling for freight B ane limited tonnage available if jj B not a' all likely that prices will improve B Expotieis are very shy about operating S at full current rates. By private advici B front London we hear of several cargoes B of Australian wheat being placed at a B very low figure. Wheat— We sold to- B day inferior and smutty, 3s 6d ; medium B to good, 3i 9d to 3s 10kl ; and pSme i shipping parcels up to 4s." Oats realised 1 2s o2d to 2s 9d, with a brisk demand for B heavy. Barley— The highest offer we 3 could obtain publicly was 3s, and as this B price was not up to owners' ideas of B value, we passed in tlie whole for private B sale. We quote 3s to 3s Gd for good to B fine malting. Flour is sluggish at £8 17s B 6d to £9. Dairy Produce. — We have to B report very low prices, in consequence of B the heat causing most descriptions of B dairy produce to come to hand in very B bad order. We sold as under. Potted B Butter. — Prime new, in very best condi- B tion, brought front 4d to 5d ; oft' condition B lots being dull of sale at Hd to 3Jd. B Fresh Butter. — A few prime lots from H favourite dairies, regular supply, sold at H from 8Id to 10d. Ordinary private jgj dairies 6d to Sid, and collector's lots Gd B to Sd. Cheese. — We quote prime 3|d to 11 4d ; medium, 2d to 3d. Inferior is un- gjl saleable. We had to accept very low 1 rates for some lines, as they were in bad fl condition, and we thought it judicious to H sell at once. Eggs were easier. Duck H eggs sold at Is 6d ; guaranteed weekly H lots, lien egg,s lOd to Is. A few small If lots realized 14d. Bacon maintains late H quotations. Sides, 5ld to 7d ; middles H 6i-d to 7d ; flitches, 5d. Hams. — Guar- B anteed, 6Jd to 8d ; inferior, 3id. Hcney. H — Bush, old to 4d ; garden, 4ld to ad Si Beeswax. — Bush, 7d to 71 d ; garden, Sid If to 9d. Poultry. — Turkeys, Ss Gd to lffi f| Gd ; fowls, 2s to 2s Gd ; ducks, 2s Gd to H 3s Gd ; geese, 4s to 5s. P Melbourne Wool, &c.;, Market — 11 The New Zealand Loan and Merc intffe \J Agency Company on the 26th inst. report : — Wool. — At our usual weekly sale on - Monday we submitted a catalogue of 750 bales to a full attendance of tiio trade. If The competition was brisk and recent f| values were well maintained. Greasy f| realised from 8d to 15;d. Fleece luouwht M front 12d to 23.j-d per lb. Sheepskins?— We have placed a full supply during the & week at rates well sustaining those last advised. Dry skins are rather scarce and ? good clean ones would now realise well. We quote : — Lamb skins, Is 8.1 to 2s i each ; butchers' pelts, up to 2s 3d each ; f dry skins, 3s Gd to 5s Gd each ; station I skins (in bales), 4i-d to 7d pcv lb ; dry '| pelts, 9d to Is Gd. Hides— \VU have ,1 done a good business during the week, |S our sales being well attended throughout, the biddings being good at the level indi cated below. Victorian heavies still com mand attention. We quote : — Green ox ' hides, 13s to 29s each ; green cow hides, 2Jd to 3d per lb ; calf skins, Ski to 5d per lb ; kip hides, 23d to 3jd per lb; Victorian- salted hides, 3icl to 3|1 per lb ; Victorian extra heavy, up to 4kl per lb; ' light salt hides, 3d to 3kl per lb ; New Zealand, up to 3|d per"lb. Leather.— A large quantity of all descriptions has been placed during the week, but we ': make 110 change in our quotations. Crop or good quality commands attention is Crop, 9cl to Hid per lb ; kip. Is 3d to ; Is Gd per lb ; runners, Is 5d to Is 7d per ; lb ; calf, 2s to 2s lOd per lb ; waxed , kangaroo, 2s 3d to 2s Gd per lb ; brown kangaroo, 2s to 2s Gd per lb ; wallaby, 2s s to 2s lOd per lb ; harness, lid to 13d per lb ; basils, 10s to 20s per dozen : rough tanned kangaroo, jls Gd to Is 9d Ivan- " garco Skins. — We have placed an average supply of all sorts during the week, but the furred skins coming forward, as is usual at this season of the year, are of an inferior character. Superior skins meet with ready sale. IV c quote : — Kangaroo, Gd to Is per lb; wallaby, 5d to 94 per lb ; opossum skins, superior, up to Gs per dozen ; opossum skins, average, 2s to 4s per dozen ; rabbit skins, Gd 'to Is per dozen. 1 allow. — We have 110 improve ment to report, tlie high rate of freights ruling still preventing shippers operating. The only demand at present therefore 13 to supply local requirements, and during the week we have clone a fair business in this direction at quotations as follows — Beef, £24 to £2G per tern ; mutton, £2o to £27 per ton ; mixed, £22 to £25 10s per ton ; inferior, £17 to £20 per ton. Messrs R. Goldsbrougli and Co. , ivpurt Wool— We catalogued 936 bales 'an ! 89 sacks for our sale, and bad a full attend ance and excellent competition. The bulk of the lots, as is usual towards the close of a season, were in inferior to ordinary condition — a large proporhou ' being odd bales and remnants of clips. We sold greasy, in inferior to good average condition, at Gld to Hid. In ferior to good average fleece and'scoured realised 12;!-cl to Is Gd. Sheepskins. — Our sales held during the past week were well attended by the local fellnmnge: s, and . late rates were maintained. Green pelts, &c.;, have met with ready sale at quota tions, but dry are difficult to quit, the telltiioiigers preferring wool, of which there is a wide range of choice at this season of the year. The tone of the market genei.illy is a little firmer. Hides. This market is steady, and late rates are readily obtainable. Hides in good saleable con- di aon— viz., clean, well salted, and free from offal— meet with ready sale. Kan- garoo, W'allaby, Opossum Skins, dec — Inere is a moderate demand for superior qualities of furred skins at quotations ; but the supphes offering are small, and qualities interior .; hence little or no busi ness is doing. Leather— The full,, wing quotations are current, and then- fs a moderate demand —Crop, 9d to lid per lb : kip Is to Is Gd per lb ; calf, 2s to 2s Pe.r,lb 5 wallaby, 2s to 2s Gd per lb waxed kangaroo, 2s to 2s Gd per lb : brown kangaroo. Is lOd to 2s Gd per lb ; harness, lid to lod per t.b ; basils, 10s to 20s Der c ozen. Tallow— We have sold a htl supply during the week at advanced rates and report a firmer tone, the London mark-et showing a decided improvement Business m the open market has S smmewfiat limited, but by private contract we have succeeded in placing heavy andmi 1 ffactrily both for shipment and on local account. Beechworth Police Court — On Thursday, before Messrs George Gammon and das' ?ranb J-P.'s, John Brown sued John McDonald for £5 4s Gd, goods. Plaintiff stated that the amount had, with the exception of 13s, been paid. An order was made for the balance of the amount due (13s), with 5s costs. Ah Chan was charged with the larceny of a bag of oats from the store of Mr Samuel Shaw Beechworth, early that morning. Accused, through Interpreter Ah Nam, p£S5 guilty. Semor-constable Mullane applied time heat, bad' time to ImiLa mmed from the store, and Farm fob Sale.— The grazing farm be longing to Mr Thomas Evans, at Bar- widgee, containing 320 acres, subdivided into five fenced paddocks and watered by two permanently running creeks, together with stockyard find slab dwelling, is adver tised for sale on easy terms. Auction Sales. — Mr Alex. Tone in our business columns advertises the following sales bv auction on the dates named : — To-day (Saturday, 20:h January) the usual cattle-sale will be held at the Wan garatta Market Yards ; at the Wangaratta Brewery on Tuesday, 1st February, by order of trustees in the insolvent estate of Messrs Dodsworth and Maloney, 400 brewers' casks, spring dray and harness, bungy, sets of new harness, brewers ap pliances and sundries, &c.; ; and on the following Saturday, at the premises, the Royal Oak Hotel, at Carraragarmungee, near El Dorado, together with 15/ acres of land, draught horses, cattle, farm im plements and sundries. Butchering.— It is elsewhere an nounced that Mr R. J. Mitchell has disposed of to i>Ir Samuel Gaylard his business as a butcher in Ford-street, Beechworth. A continuance of the public support hitherto accorded is solicited : it being promised that only first-class meat will be supplied to customers, at lowest current rates. Waxgabatta Police Court.— On Thurs day, before Mr NY. H. Foster, P.M., the adjourned case of Arthur V iucent v Samuel Osboldstone, for illegally detaining oats, was dismissed, with 21s costs. Mr Notcutt appeared for plaintiff : Mr Norton for defendant. Yackaxdaxdaii Mems. — Our corres pondent on Friday writes : — I find that one or two, casually glancing at my re" marks anent the supply of water at the State-school, are under the impression that I pronounced the water in the well to he foul. Not so. I said that the well" must be foul, or something wrong with it, as the children did not avail themselves of it. but went to other drinking sources, to the annoyance of the public. I find, how ever, that it is simply a bad habit winch has crept in, and the head-teacher has taken prompt steps to stop the nuisance. At the request of Mr Robinson, I inspected the well, and found it clean and the water clear as crystal and perfectly wholesome. The elder children will therefore now have to draw their water supply from the ; legitimate source, and at the same time the assistant-teacher must see that the infant classes have an abundant supply7, drawing it themselves, if necessary7. When in Beechworth the other day, I happened to call in at Younger s store. On being asked to look through it, I was struck by the number of novelties, rarely seen in any other store, such as Swallow and Ariel's latest iu the shape of cakes, biscuirs. lollies, Ac. I also saw an American r.ovelty iu tiie form of a sheet of prepared paper, a small portion of which steeped in a spoonful of water produces an excellent ink. This ought to find ready- sale among collectors, travellers, Ac. The preparations for tile grand entertain ment on behalf of our local cricket club are advancing rapidly7. The caste is very- strong throughout, and the whole per formance will :i astonish the natives."' A few welcome showers fell yesterday after noon, and cooled the parched earfcha little, but it is still what is generally know as " mnggv." SAD NEWS - . — An "Age" correspondent on Thursday telegraphed from Chiltern the following tidings : — Mr C. J. Lloyd, a well-known chemist in this district, and a member of the Shire Council of Chiltern, died suddenly to-day. The cause of death was apoplexy. He had been ailing for some days from rheumatism. Following within a week the death of Mr Jason Withers, of Ullina station, the oldest squatter in the neighborhood, quite a gloom has been cast over the town. Mr Carrington, the new schoolmaster, and late a candidate for a seat in Parliament at . Kara Kara, is so ill from rheumatic fever that lie cannot attend to the school. Sales. — Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. are announced to sell by public auction on Wednesday, the usual forthnightly cattle- sale day, at their mart, Beechworth. the building-material of brick and weather board hotel and weatherboard store situated at the corner of Ford and Short- streets ; also, Mr John O' Brian's farm of 20 acres of freehold land at Osborae's Flat, and a 25 acre farm near Yackand andah. Sale at Sprixghurst. — Mr William Orr, auctioneer, intimates that he will on Friday, 11th February, at the Yv'ooished, Springhurst, effect a clearance and absolute sale of 300 ewes and wethers. 93 acres of freehold land, and station plant, located one and a half miles from the Springhurst railway-station. Timrer Required. — The mining mana ger of the Stockyard Gold-mining Com pany, near Chiltern, invites tenders for one year's supply7 of timber, the measure ments. «fcc., of which are detailed in out advertising columns. VTj: A12> iiurrib.— xuc AJtrimna u;u- dard" has the following ; Notwithstanding the complaints of poor crops in many- parts of the c ilony, we learn from various sources that several of the railway plat forms are so tilled with bags of wheat that it is impossible to store another bag until room is made by the removal of what is already on the platform. We received a telegram from a well-known grain-buyer at Shepparton on Wednesday, with these words — "Come over here to-morrow. This station will astonish you." Of course we take it to mean that the station plat form is jammed with wheat — the district having being blessed with an abundant harvest. It may7 be mentioned that the platform there has been recently enlarged. At the Benalla station we are informed the wheat is piled bag upon bag, and that more has been purchased per day this season than on any previous occasion. There are additional bu\7ers, and the plat form here has also been recently- enlarged. Trucks cannot be obtained to remove the \- — Y\' A. ?!«> gLciiu idsu cuyugu. lull iu ill© business done by our local grain buyers at the Benalla railway station, Mr Gordon Duncan informs us that up to the 19th of January he had purchased S479 bags, and for the week ending26th January 3191 bags, making a total of 11, 670 bags. Xinetc-mi- tweniieths of the above consisted of wheat, the remainder of English barley ; very few oats coming forward. The prices given were 3s Od to 3s 6kl foi prime, and 3s to 3s 5d inferior to good. Mr Denis Ryan reports, for week endins 27th January, having purchased 2165 bag of wheat, and S23 hags of barley. I he price for wheat yesterday was 3s 5M. The Rose Reef. — Operations in con nection with the Rose Reef, at Silver Creek, Beechworth, are progressing favor ably. The mine has been drained, and sinking, prior to raising quartz, is being carried on. It is expected that the first crushing will be put through the mill in tin- caHseof afew days. The carting of a hundred tons of quartz from the Sunday Reef has been commenced by Mr Richard Rowe, who has undertaken the contrast for so doing. Operatic Festival. — The Royal Eng lish and Comic Opera Company are an nounced to appear in the Oddfellows Hall, Beechworth, on Monday and Tues day evenings, 7th and 8th February. Adjourxmext of the Coxfebexce. — The Intercolonial Conference concluded its sittings in Sydney on Thursday, The Southern representatives left the same night by special train, and passed through Albury, our correspondent informs us, at about eight o'clock the following morning. As their arrival was rather premature, a number of the travellers had to walk from the railway-station into the town. Benedicts v Bachelors. — A match at cricket will be played, between represen tative elevens chosen from the married and single gentlemen of Beechworth, on the local cricket ground this (Saturday afternoon. The following are the names of some of the gentlemen ironi among whom the team to represent the bene dicts will be selected : Messrs G. E. Groves, F. 11. Tuthill, W. M. Hyndman, T. K. Johnston, John Fletcher, S. W. G. Campbell, J. F. Daniell, F. Brown, F. Allen, J. Goldsworthy, Mitchelson, D. Ryan, R, Hall, H. Matliieson, W. G. Brett, G. Lyon and T. Graham. The re presentatives of bachelordom will be chosen from — E. iV. Smithers, J. M'. Jones. J. C. Dobbyn, F. Xewson, F. Brett, E. Barbour, il. Perry, P. Burke, A. Arundel, S. Whitehead, C. Trethowan, S. Warton, M. Fox, W. Tel word, A. J. Smith, A. B. Skene, H. Arundel and F. T. Moore. Wickets will be pitched at two o'clock sharp, and we have been requested to men tion, for the benefit of thirsty souls, that refreshments will be provided ' ' on the ground" (at the bar, we presttme, is meant). Considerable interest will doubt less be felt in the struggle between the representatives of "connubial bliss' and those of " single blessedness" — the ladies being, we venture to predict, not the least interested among the spectators. Katatiox. — The young ladies of Beech worth are to be given an opportunity of displaying their natatory powers in the Baths, in swimming matches which have been organised to take place at three o'clock this (Saturday) afternoon. Fire. — We have been informed of the destruction by fire of the homestead situ ated on the selection of Air Keighan, on the Little River, beyond Gundowring, last week. It appears that a bushfire raging in the vicinity swept down, upon and destroyed the premises, which were untenanted at the time ; the family of the owner having taken up their residence in Yackandandah. Cricket Fixtures. — The following matches are to be contested by the Beech worth Cricket Club during February : — Against the Hurdle Flat United, at Hurdle Flat (cup match), on Saturday, 5th; Albury, at Beechworth, 12th ; and Benallaj at Benalla, on the 26th. Obituary. — In another part of our present issue is noticed the sudden death of Air C. J. Lloyd, chemist, Chiltern, on Thursday. The body was interred the following day in the local cemetery and was followed to the grave by a large number of mourners from various parts of the district, among whom were a number of Freemasons, of which body the deceased was a member. The beauti ful service of the Church of England was impressively read at the grave by the Rev. Air Burke, as was also that of the Masonic fraternity by' Air B.J. Bartley. Deceased, the news of whose untimely death will be received with universal regret, leaves a wife and seven children to mourn the loss of a kind and loving husband and father. Wardex's Case — At the Wodonga Warden's Court on Friday, in the ad journed case of Reilly v Eddy and Jenkin, Mr Warden Foster adjudged in favor of plaintiff ; allowing £4 4s costs. Railway Traffic. — During the past week there were trucked at the Wahgun- yah railway-station : — 60 head cattle, 301 sheep, 2499 bags wheat, 40S bags bran. Ruthergleu, 210 cases fruit, 500 bags grain. Public Holiday. — Thursday, 3rd. Feb ruary, has been declared a public holiday throughout the Albury district, to allo.w of the commemoration of the opening of the rail way to that town. Aproixtmext. — Air C. H. Wheatland, receiver and paymaster at Beualla, has been appointed to act also as mining regis trar in that town. Death. — A very old rosident of the ; C'uiitvni district, viz., Air Jason Withers, | of Cllina Station, has passed over to the ! great majority, having died at his resi- j deuce on the 21st lilt. His remains were interred in a private cemetery which has been laid out upon the Ullina run. A cor respondent of the " Standard" writes thus concerning the deceased gentleman : — " Air Withers bad been in bad health for the past four or five months, when his cnfturiiKf; Wivro mprrMTiill v torirmmforl nil Friday morning. The loss of Air Withers will be severely felt in pastoral and agri cultural circles for no one has ever .shown such an amount of active and energetic zeal in the promotion of interests of farmers, horticulturalists, and graziers as was done by the deceased gen tleman, and his general kindly feeling and disposition was felt and appreciated with all who came in contact wiih Air Withers. His memory amongst a large number of friends will not be buried with his mortal remains, but will survive for many years to come. Alay the earth press gently on his mortal clay from which his spirit has gone in search, of a better — and eternal home." Ourselves as Others see us. — The Alelbourne correspondent of the "Ballarat Courier" supplies the following : — The cor respondent of the 7 ''San FranciscoB ulletin, ' ' who was here to do the Exhibition, and to tell the Pacific people something . about the inhabitants of the colony of I Victoria, finds us a dull sort of ceonle. de- ficient in go-aheadness, and very much : akin to the parent stock. He seems, how ever, to be most disgusted with the news papers for devoting so much space to dry subjects, and so little to social items and sensations. This is not surprising; for our newspapers, however good may be their matter and its arrangement, could not but be tame to a man who has been . ascustomed to have his morning journal bristling with horrors upon which the r skill of professional word-painters has 5 been employed in order to make them as hOWOHMTliV An HnoKi'1.1. mi .11. £ uoii.uinu0 jjuaaiuie. XK6 uulIlfiSS OI its newspaper literature, when liveliness means the recital of blood-curdling deeds, is not an indication of a nation's want of prosperity or of its unhappiness and as far as I am concerned I prefer a country the inhabitants of which can generally manage to settle their disputes peacefully, and where the tailor, when he measures you for a pair of trousers, does not ask whether you will have a revolver pocket or not, although we have to put up with the absence of the sensations which ars i such a str.king feature of American jjwS' papers. Matrimonial Statistics. — The German papers quote some statistics . comparing the proportion of married persons in the populations of the different countries of Europe. Germany ranks only seventh in the list. To 10,000 souls in each country there are in Hungary, 6475 ; in France. 5566 ; in England and Wales, 539S ; in Austria, 5271 ; in Italy, 52/0 ;_in ^Den mark, 5191 ; in Germany, 5107 ; in Korway, 5035 ; in Sweden. 4952 ; in the Netherlands, 494S ; in Scotland, 46/S ; in Belgium, 4634 ; in Switzerland, 45S2 ; and in Ireland, 4313. The AIeleourxe Hospital.— At the annual meeting of this institution held on Wednesday the chairman (Air Gillbee) stated that there was no doubt a great deal of imposition bad been carried on; and if steps were taken to investigate the cases brought in of a douhtful nature and the offenders fined and imprisoned, it might be stopped. But it was a very dif ficult thing to thoroughly investigate any case, and such inquiries had invariably resulted disastrously. Another cause for trouble was the charge of extravagance. It has been asserted that gallons of beef tea had been poured down the sewers. But this was very doubtful. Is was neces sary to economise a little, there was no doubt. There was a young girl in the in stitution suffering from consumption. In 2S days she had consumed 7 bottles of rum, 12 bottles of brandy and 61 bottles of soda-water. This was what might be called excessive expenditure. The excess of this year over last was £"S00, and in his opinion this was £300 wasted. A reduc tion should be certainly made in luxuries, and if the matter were properly gone into, there was no doubt that £1500 might be easily saved during the next year. Ixgexiocs Kxavery. — A few nights since, a gentleman passing through the the Upper Reserve, Sandhurst, about mid night observed a man sitting on the bank of one of the dams. Thinking that the in dividual intended committing suicide, he determined to watch. In a few minutes a peculiar quacking noise was heard, fol lowed by the flight of a number of ducks to the spot where the man wa3 sitting. The latter then threw something into the water, and the watcher was about to leave, under the impression that the man was merely feeding the ducks. However, lie waited. The ducks grabbed at what was thrown into the water, and one was iu diffi culties, for the man appeared to be hauling it in with a stout string. The duck made a fearful noise, which the midnight fisher man stopped b\7 wringing its neck. In a moment it flashed across the watcher's mind that the duck had been caught with a hook and bait, so he stepped forward and asked the fellow what he was doing. The latter did not stay to reply, but rushed away and cleared the fence in double quick time, leaving the dead duck behind. The one honest man argued that if the duck were left on the bank it would probably be seized by some dog in the morning, and decided to stifle his qualms of conscience, and so took the duck home and dined off it the next day. — " Inde pendent. " The Commissioner of Customs. —The Alelbourne correspondent of the "Adelaide Observer" writes : — It has always been the mission of Air A. T. Clark, as a thorough republican and enemy to hospitalities of a princely character, to denounce the extrai agance and excitable taste of Ministers who venture to enter tain at the public expense. Ae wishes to bring the Kerferd Government to book for going to Sydney to attend a conference in the A7ictoria, and taking two or three political friends with them. His niotiou for the production of particulars of their expenditure long occupied a threatening position on the notioe paper. It was placed there as a counter demondiation to Air Alclntyre's demand for Air Berry's embassy returns. Unfortunately for Air Clark, the Ixerierd Government never went to Sydney on any embassy, by sea or land ; and if it was the conference trip taken by tiie AlcCulloch Government he referred to, why, tliej7 explained in the House that- the saloon expense was paid for by the members of the nartv out of tlieir own pockets. Kow Mr Clark is doing the very thiug that he condemned in other people. There was said to be surplus stores at the lighthouses between Cape Otway and Portland, and he finds it necessary to fit out a steamer in order to determine whether a few pounds can be saved by cutting down stocks. The expense of this joily little trip will more than swallow up all his real lighthouse savings. If the steamer discover (after the manner of the Chimborazo and Sorata) an odd reef somewhere on the coast, or the passengers pick up some disease which will compel them to go into quarantine on their return to the Heads, this excursion will not have been in vain. We do not want to lose any of them ; but if they were to stay away for a month or two, we should not greatly miss them. Ax Extensive Station. — One of the largest stations in Kew South Wales is owned by Alessrs T. Edcls and Co. , and few people have any idea of the magnitude of the work done there. Burrawang (says the " Forbes Gazette") is situated on the River Lachlau, about forty miles from Forbes, and is worth while anyone paying it a visit. Shearing there lias recently ©ABolllflfld . PYtfltlfliner nrnv o of eight weeks. The number of sheep shorn was 251,000, and generally the yield was wonderfully good, javeraigng close upon five pounds weight of wool to each sheep, lambs included. The total amount of wool was 2S11 bales, and estimating the I average weight of each bale at one hun dredweight and three quarters, this will give the total quantity of wool from this station to be about 1,1S0,704 lbs. Taking the lowest estimate, as the wool is of first- class quality, this would make the gross value of the Burrawang yield for 18801 amount to £60,000. During the shearing there were 101 shearers employed, about 50 rouseabouts and nearly 20 mustercrs. | Shearers were paid 20s per hundred sheep. I An average mau got rid of about a hun dred per day. Rouseabouts got from 12s to 25s a week, the average being about 20s ; and the musterers were paid 25s a week. Thus at a rough computation the total expenses of the shearing, as far as the hands were concerned, was about £3000, irrespective of other items. To get rid of the 2S11 bales, 3 50 waggons and I drays wpre employed, and with the excep tion of twenty-four bales got from strag glers, the whole has been already des patched. Fruit Trains. — For the convenience of I fruit-growers in this district the railway I authorities have determined to attach fruit 1 trucks, as required to the 4 p.m. train, on every Alonday and Thursday during the I fruit season, beginning on Alonday next, the 31st inst. Those intending to consign fruit for carriage to Alelbourne are in- frtrnlPfl til at. t.hfiV must. Ilnro if at. flia Wahgunyah or Rutherglen Stations atl least half an hour before the departure of j the train mentioned. — ' ' K ews. " 1 If there is any truth in the belief that I those who suffer greatly in this world will escape scorching in the next, then will the victims of rheumatism assuredly he unscathed by the eternal fires ; for to nothing short of martyrdom at the stake can their tortures be adequately compared. Dyspepsia and urinary diseases, especially , gravel, also mflic\ unspeakable misery . 1 Eradicate the causes of these sufferings \with Udolpho YoKe's Sehiedam AromaU< "Ward Beecher's Latest Escapade. — Since Henry Ward Beecher preached the funeral sermon of Theodore Parker, he has not scandalised the orthodox of America so terribly as he did the other day, when he eulogised Colonel Robert Ingersoll, the American Air Bradlaugh, and publicly shook hands with him during the presidential campaign, at the Brooklyn Academy of Alusic. So much hubbub was occasioned by the incident, that a "Kew York Herald" reporter was sent off first to ask Colonel Ingersoll what he thought of Air Beecher, and then to ask Air Beecher what he thought of Colonel Ingersoll. It is edifying to note the cordiality which exists between the leading representatives of theistic and anti-theistic thought across the Atlantic. Of Air Beecher, Colonel Ingersoll said : "I regard liim as the greatest man in any pulpit of the world. He has liberalised the English-speaking world. He is a great thinker, a marvel lous writer, and, in my judgment, greater and grander than any creed or any church. Besides all this," he treated me like a king. Alanhood is his greatest forte ; and I expect to live and die his friend." Air Beecher was almost as warm in his eulosy of Colonel Ingersoll. B e regards him as one of the greatest men of the age. " While regretting that he is no believer in revealed religion," Air Beecher main tained that on the broad platform of human liberty and progress, "I was bound to give him the right hand of fellowship. I would do it a thousand times over. Colonel Ingersoll has the same right to free thought and free speech that I have. I am not that kind of a coward who has to kick a man before he shakes hands with him. I will not pitch into any man's religion as an excuse for giving him my hands. I admire Ingeisoll because he is not afraid to speak what lie heartily thinks, and I am only sorry that lie does not think as I de." Judging from the recent experience of the member for Northampton, there is a good deal to be done' before that portion of the English- speaking public is " liberalised" up to Mr Beecher's standard. Sunstroke and Insanity. —The follow ing remarks, extracted from a pamphlet on "Sunstroke as a cause of Insanity," by Dr Alanning, of the Gladesville Asy lum, may be read with advantage as show ing how to prevent sunstroke ; " Practi cally, sunstroke, as a cause of insanity in England, is almost unknown. It is far otherwise in this colony. Five per cent, of the total number of cases are accredited to it. and I think with good reason. The effect of sun, or heat, stroke in the produc tion of disease i3 not sufficiently appre ciated. Alany slight attacks of illness, attributed to other causes, are, I believe, due to the effect of heat and glare on the cerebral circulation. The enormous power of the sun's rays is well shown by the ob servations of Air Russell, the Government astronomer. The thermometer, with a black bulb placed in black cotton wool, not infrequently, in the summer time, reaches the boiling point ; and, on one occasion, a thermometer, graduated to 234, burst under these conditions. It is in the power of physicians to prevent much mischief by incn.icating greater care in avoiding exposure, by insisting on a more rational b.ead covering for the sum mer months t'ian a black stove-pipe hat, and by pointing out that, after an attack of sunstroke, alcohol is an Absolute poison, ! and cannot be taken with impunity in even small quantities. A person who has once suffered from sunstroke must be either a teetotaller or a lunatic. There is, I believe, no middle standpoint." Post office Carelessness, — A resident of Benalla (says the "Standard") received the remains of a broken card-board box on Friday by post. The ends were out, the sides and top caved in, and the bot tom much bruised. Inside this was noth ing but a piece of wool. Upon enquiring at the post-office for the contents, he was shown several pieces of an ancient and valuable pipe, which represented all that was left of a family relic sent from his mother at Buninyong. Surely great care lessness must be chargeable to somebody for this loss. 