News and Notes. ( We feci it our duty to call attention to the New Davis Vertical Feed i Sewing Machine, which has carried off the only first prize at the Mel bourne International . Exhibition. I Some of the competitors, however, were not satisfied with the awards, 1 and protested. The Experts, how- I ever, upheld- the decision and gave the first prize for their Family Ma- 1 chine and the same for Hand. Messrs i W. F. Dixon and Go,, of 87 Elizabeth street, are the sole agents, and in tending purchasers and those interest ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines, Matrimony. — Never were suoh great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry -.Marks,, ef 186 Elizabeth street, Who will " arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings,. and. he will give you in return Vwhatever furniture you require to build , up a home Why delay 7 Go and sec Mr H. Marks and get married at once. - - >Mr W. , fi. Furlong notifies that he has removed iiis mmsic studio to those handstnqe premises situate near Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where there is a large hall and every con venience for students of the vocal a£t. . , Attention is directed' to 'the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, published elsewhere. , It embraces a liberal dis tribution of- prizes, from £1000 down- to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. Gem Portraits. — The young lady who, while out sketching near Lorh'e, was burned, to death by a bushfire, has Bince been'cidehtified through ' a gem portrait being found amongst the remnants.. - -..Mr. Bdelsten, the pro prietor,, of- the IGein' , Studio, Collins- street eftst, opposite Age Office, , has since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. We have received a sample, of a new non-alcohic : beverage, entitled "Vigorehe," Tr6m Mr E, Rowlands!" cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It should prove a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds, of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street, They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, Which are on sale at the same depot, A Fortune for Ten Shillings,— We would direct the attention of our readers, to the valuable prizes offered by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 31st inst, The published list of gentlemen" who have kindly consented to superintend the drawing is a sufficient guarantee to the public that everything will be carried out on the great Masonic Principle— " on the square." To those who believe in 'the old proverb — Nothing venture no thing have— should lose no time in securing their tickets, which may be had at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-Btreet east, ' We'have received a copy of a new pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine : for Fathers of Families, or everyone-, his own and Children's Doctor." 'It emanates from Florence, Italy, where Profussor Girolamo Pagliano has written the book to relieve the human race; and instruct the people in prac tical" medicine. . With his Pagliano Herbal Syrup he treats the bio )d, and so aims at the root of diEeasi. A number of testimonials are gh en from sufferers who have benefitted by this remedy. This truly marvellous medi cine can be had from Mr Evar.s, Chemist, Evans' Medical Hall, 92 Stephen-street. Mr Evans has im ported the medicine direct -from Pro? lessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish ment, Florence, The books of in struction are published in English, at the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the only ones imperted here in that lan guage — Price with pamphlet fis. or stamps by letter,- address D. Evans, Evans' Medical Hall, Stephen-street. Mr Eyans has received an Invoice of No 1 Triesmar (by royal letters patent of England). This celebrated Medi cine is in the form of a Lozenge, and as a sovereign Remedy for ' all Ner vous Disorders has proved a great success. The following testimonial to the efficacy of Hood's Corn Solvent will be read with interest by those who suffer and do not know where to find relief forthe troublesome complaint of corns : — " Sir — Being severely tried by a large and most troublesome corn on the top of one of my toes for more than forty yearb, and having had it twice pretended to be taken out, and I have often tried other means to dissolve our union, but all in vain, I was at length induced by your recom mendation to try " Hood's Corn Sol vent," which, I am happy to say, in five days from its. being first applied, enabled me most' successfully to triumph over my unwelcome,- com- panion ; to get rid of which I have several times bad serious thoughts of having the toe amputated. lam now, after waiting ten or twelve months to see if he would return, entirely free from all pain it occasioned, as well as any appearance of its return. I have recommended it to some of my family and friends, who have been equally successful in removing these old and troublesome intruders. You have my full sanction to use this as you please, foy I consider the Solvent to he a great boon and a sure and safe remedy for corns, if properly applied the full time and in the manner prescribed, — I re- main yours respectfully, H. W. Morti mer. To Mr M'Knight, Chemist, Rich mond." 