News and Notes. \ I The Fakir of Ooln opened to aj crowded house at St. George's Hall ( on Saturday evening last, his won- / I derful illusions and beautiful en- 1 t.rflneemHnt scene elicitinff the warm- ( ' est enthusiasm. ? | Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that l he has removed his mvsic studio to ( ' those handsome premises -situate near / | Russell-streec in Latiobe-street, where S . there is a large- hall and every con- ( ' venience for students of the vocal ) | art. S , American Waltham Watches ( ) were awarded the Only Two First / \ Prizes at the Melbourne International S ( Exhibition, 1880-1, being . higher c ) awards than any other Exhibitor of > X Watches received. \ We have received from Mr P. G. ( > Dixon samples of sodawater made J X from water specially brought from ' r Mount Macedcn. The sodawater ' is ( j excellent, and is of course free from . k that nauseating taste so clearly die- ' ( cernable in sodawater or other cordials ( ) ma -e from- the filthy Yan Yean, We ( have also received from Mr Dixon a / sample of the Mount Macedon water, ( Vr vyhich it isfquite ateeat to drink, after ( having for some time to put up with ) t he beastly - stuff supplied by the" ) S 'Public Works Department.— Advt. \ , Gem Pobtraitb.— The young lady ' ( who, while out sketching near Lome, | ) . was burned to death by a bushfire, has \ since been identified through a gem ' ( portrait being found amongst the | I remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- ' prietor of the Gem Studio, Oollins- ' ) street east, opposite Age Office, has C . since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about aAX I month ago, / v . Attention is directed to the prcja- J pectus of Bridges' art-union, published X ) elsewhere. , It embraces a. liberal dis- ( \- tribution of prizes, from £1000 -down' to £20. in value. Speculators cannot x ) do better than invest in this legitimate ( . affair. . We have much pleasure in directing x ) the the attention of our readers to an f w- advertisement in another eolumn, set- - ) r ting forth the merits of Steel's Chronic \ 1\. Cough Lozenges, infallible ia their r ( effect. We advise our readers to try 1 ? a box of them. - .1 S , Matrimony. — Never were Buch r ( great advantages held out to young J / people te marry .as the present. A X X comfortable house may be furnished f ( ' for you, with every requisite to make J ) ' ihpmf Jiappy, by. simply calling upon v X Mr Henry Marks, ef "186 Elizabeth f (/ street, who will' arrange with you J ) to. pay him say five shillings per week \ V ' out 'of your earnings, and he will give r r yon in return -whateyer furniture you ) ) require to build 1 up a home Why v j delay ? " Go and see liar .H.' Marks and / ( get married at once. ' . v . ' i 1 ), . We. have received a sample of a V I hew non-alcohic beverage, entitled / ? / Vigolwne," from "Mr E. Rowlands, Y I cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant C ."sparkling dnnk, and is highly re- / commended by -Mf Johnsoh, Govern- Y I ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph (( . Flude, superintendent of laboratories, / ' as being a purp, whplesoma beverage, Y I It should prove a very desideratum to ( . the teetotal community; especially;",' / ' The attention; of ouri lydy rreaders V ) ' is directed ;,to announcement; in our 1, . advertising; columns - that kilting and /' quilting in all kinds'1 of materials is V ) done by the yards at the most"; modfe- ( . rate rates at. 79 Elizabeth' street )' ' They are. also desired to inspect some Y ) of the most improved kilting machines, ( . which are. on sale at the same depot. / 