S News and Notes. / The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu S ia giving his charming drawingroom C entertainment at Bt. . George's Hall / nightly, assisted by his daughter, Miss S Daisy Silvester, Miss Emelier Reau- ( mont, and Madame Silvester, also Mr / Lacie (ventriloquist) and Mr J. Sum- S mers Brown. The entertainment is C highly spoken of by all who have ) witnessed it, the entranced lady (Miss ) Daisy Silvester), the vcntriloquial ( efforts of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of ) the Fakir, and above all the beautiful \ fairy fountain, elicit universal admi- r ration. ) Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that j he has removed his music studio to those handsome premises situate near ) Russell-street in Latrobe-street, where . there is a large hall and every con venience for students of the vocal I art. I Amebic an Waltham Watches were awarded the Only Two First I Prizes at the Melbourne International I Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher awards than any other Exhibitor of I Watches received. I The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled > Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, ) opposite Waxworks, I We feel it our duty to call attention " to the New Davis Vertical Feed ) Sewing Machine, which has carried . off the only first prize at the Mel- f bourne International Exhibition, ) Some of the competitors, however, . were not satisfied with the awards, ) and protested. The Experts, how- ) ever, upheld the decision and gave . the first prize for their Family Ma- ' chine and the same for Hand. Messrs ) W, F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth street, are the sole agents, and in- » tending purchasers and those interest- I ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines. We have received from Mr P. G. i Dixon samples of sodawater made . from water specially brought from Mount Macedon. The sodawater is i excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- cernablc in sodawater or other cordials i made from the filthy Tan Tean. We have also received from Mr Dixon a 1 sample of the Mount Macedon water, i which it is quite a treat to drink, after having for some time to put up with tne beastly stun supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Portraits.— The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire,has since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the \- remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, haB since recognised the portrait as , one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. A very pleasing novelty was intro duced by Mr Alfred Farr, of the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill, on Saturday last, in the shape of a Special Show, which attracted an immense amount of at tention. Crowds of ' people wended their way to the Drapery Hall, and all seemed well pleased with their visit, As the establishment was well patronised during the day, and quite full all the evening, the proprietor must have been highly gratified with the result. We understand that a repetition of the above is to take place next Saturday, May 7 th, when if any of our friends wish to see a splendid display of drapery, in all its variety of styles, marked at what appeared to us as ridiculously low prices, we think they cannot do bet ter than take a walk as far as the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill. We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It should prove a very desideratum to 'the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the moBt improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? Go and see Mr H, Marks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art- union, 'published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— We would direct the attention of our readers, to the valuable pr'zes offered by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 3 1st inst, The published list of gentlemen who have kindly consented to superintend the drawing is a sufficient guarantee to the public i that everything will be carried out on the great Masonic Principle — " on the 1 square." To those who believe in the , old proverb — Nothing venture no thing have— should lose no time in 1 securing their tickets, which may be had| at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-street east, 