(From the Age Correspondent.) London, Jan. 20. The Dutch settlers in South Atrica have made an appeal to the Government and people of Holland, claiming their sympathy and protection in their present relations with Great Britain, it is considered very unlikely that the assistance sought will be Strained. It is reported that Mr Joseph Cowen, proprietor of the " Newcastle Chronicle," and a Liberal representative for Newcastle in Parliament, meditates, with Mr Parnell, haranguing a monster meeting to be held in London in opposition tc the application by the Government of coercive measures to Ireland. Mr Bradlaugh, one of the Liberal members for Northampton, has given notice in the House of Commons of his intention to ask the Secretary of State for the Colonies for information concerning the cruelty practised by the Government of New Zealand in arresting a number of Masries in the Province of Taraniki, for opposition offered under the direction of their prophet, Te Whiti, to the taking possesion of the "Waimate Plains, and keeping them for several months in prison without trial. London, Jan. 19. The trial of .Mr Parnell and the other members of the Land League is now ap proaching a termination. The court will commence to sum up on Monday, and the verdict of the jury is expected on the following day. Tn consequence of the continued strike among the coal miners in Lancashire, serious disturbances are threatened, and troops are being despatched to the district to maintain order. Mr Gladstone has expressed his sympathy with the local Boers, but regrets that it is impossible to grant them independence. Even if the Government were favorable to the proposal it would be negatived by the House. It is stated that the Earl of Beaconsfield is pressing upon the Conservative party the necessity of supporting some measure of land reform in Ireland, with a view checkmating the designs of the Land League. In consequence of the occupation of T.imn. by the Chilian army, and the severe defeats they have recently met with, the Peruvians, with a view to terminating the hopeless contests, are desirous of an Srmistice, and have requested the Chilians to grant one. The frozen butter by the Proto3 is pre nounced to be in tolerably good condition, but it is not yet landed. The frozen meat N b u 'lit with avidity, as there is a great sc uv-t/ of stock at the Sniithfield market, owing to tno recent snowstorms. New Leases Issued. — Jnhu M. Glass, 25a li 18p .in ill lG-i 2r 2p. Myrtleford ; Peti-r tin widfii!, 211:ilr 22p, Lillipnc. Liu -nses Cancelled. — Henry ELnee- butio-, 40;i, U horouly ; Wm. Jones, 20a, North Waugaratta Free from Scar. — Mr Richard Perry, insp-ctui of sheep in the Beechwortli district, i ip.nis that thu siieep iu that district a ; sthl free from scab. Frank.- Stamped Envelopes.— In Fri day's c' .i -verimiciit Gazette" the Acting Postinu»ier-Goiieral publishes 'a notice cautioning persons against tbe improper use of f ran k-s tamped envelopes. Any person wlio knowingly and fraudulently posts, uii.li a "frank-stamp," any letter, packet, or newspaper not on Her Majesty's service, is i.aoie, on conviction, to a penalty ot not less than £o. A Wife-beater. — On Monday, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., William Osborne was cn.u-g d wnh having unlawfully assaulted Ins wife on Saturday evening. Mary Osborne, who bore testimony, of the ill- treatment to wluch she hud been sub jected, deposed that accused .was her husband. On Saturday afternoon lie told her to go outside the house. When she went out to the well he struct her with a paling, threw several buckets of water over her and beat and kicked her, even tually throwing her out on the road. T'lie marks on her face were produced by him, and there were others on other parts of her body. She was removed to the hos pital fcr treatment Dr W. A. Dobbyn deposed to having attended the last witness in the hospital on Satur day night. She was suffering from wounds on the head and face, groin and hip ; those on the head having evidently been caused by blows from a stick, and those en the body by kicks. Henry Cju- cannun, an agent, residing next door to accused, deposed that hearing a disturb ance, lie looked over accused's fence, aud saw linn dragging his wife into the garden by tlie hair and beating her with a stick ; saying that lie would " do for her," and calling her all the names he could. "Wit ness went for the police. Constable Kane deposed to having on Saturday evening found accused's wife lying just inside the garden fence, apparently lifeless. Arrested accused, and sent his wife for medical treatment to the hospital. Accused stated, in defence, that when he went home on Saturday afternoon he found his wife out and no fire alight. She after wards came in, and lie ordered her out, and because she refused to go lie carried her. His Worship staled that accused had com mitted a cowardly and brutal act in striking a woman, and that woman his wne. llicro were no extenuating circum stances in the case, to warrant any leniency being exercised towards him. He would therefore be committed to gaol for three months, without ihe option of a line ; and at the end of that period be ordered to find two sureties to keep the peace for six months, in £20 each, or one in £40, and his own in £40. Leases Approved. — Richard Bye, 71a 3r 30p, Lilliput ; John Hardy, 97a 2r 36p, Barwidgee ; Henry R. Way, 73a 3r 37p, Boorhaman ; Edward Draper. 47a 1r Gp, Wodonga ; Charles Mitchel, 171a 2r 38p Tatonga ; Robert Cardwell, 104a 2r 33p, Wagra ; Michael Moloney, 209a 3r 35p, Bontherambo ; Edward Hulme, jun., 60a 3r 32p, Myrrhee ; Christina McPhail. 229a 1r 16p, Bundalong. Licenses Approved. — Charles Bottom, 106a, Pechelba : William B. Cairnes, 155a, Bundalong ; Jane Symington, 251a, Bee- thang ; Thomas Bennetts, 100a, Colac Colac ; Edward McGeehan, 20a, Stanley ; Michael Cartin, 11a, Stanley ; John McF. Glass, 15a, Myrtleford ; Peter Merkel, 52a, Berringa : William Souter, 27,419a, Tambo North ; Francis and Edols, 13,317a, Grassdale ; Joseph Kelly, 104a, Lilliput ; Patrick J. Kelly, 25,900a, Burrowye South ; James F. Riley, 14,000a, Thologolong South ; A. Middleton and Wm. Bruden, 38,000a, Dun- glass ; Edward O'Rourke, 29,000a, Forlorn Hope ; Alex. Stewart, 21a, Reedy Greek ; John Martin, 400a, grazing block 143 ; Joseph Dunphy, 14,739a, Eurobin ; Peter Boyle, 53a, Chiltern ; William Hooper, 8300a, Porepunkah ; O'Connell and Pand- ridge, 7000a, Baladeslin ; Arthur Pyle, 7a, Hinnomunjie ; J. Barker, 6a, Whorouly. Grant Approved. — George S. Smith, 20a, Carlyle. Grazing Permit. — William Pcttigrow, 41a 3r 22 p, Lilliput. Regulations for Races, Drains, &c.; — The following additional regulation re- lating to licenses to cut, construct and use races, drains, dams, and reservoirs under the Mining Statute, 1865, has been made : — The grants of licenses to cut and use races shall be subject to the following con- ditions, in addition to those already pre- scribed by the Governor in Council : — ix Any miners engaged in washing auriferous earth by means of a tub or cradle, or both, shall be permitted to use, free of charge, from the race held under the authority of such license, the water neces- sary for tlie same, provided that no coarse tailings or silt produced by such operations shall be deposited in such race without the consent of the licensee. x. Subject to the reservations contained in such license, the licensee shall use the water to be diverted under the authority of such license only for the purposes and in the manner described in the schedule thereto, and shall not charge the respective con- sumers set forth in such schedule for the use of such water any rates in excess of these specified in such schedule, x11. Nevertheless it shall be lawful for the licensee, with the consent of the Minister of Mines, from time to time, to alter and vary the purposes for and manner in which such water shall be iised, and the charges to be made for the use thereof ; but before any such alteration or variation shall take effect it shall be endorsed upon such license, and shall he signed by the Minister of Mines. Oxley Mems. — At a special Court of Petty Sessions held at Oxley on the 18th inst. the registrar (Mr Tillotson) presented the general list of persons claiming to be entitled to vote for members of the Legis- lative Assembly of Victoria, for the Oxley division of the electoral district of Delatite. As there were no objections lodged, the magistrates, Messrs Charles Connors and Colin Gardner, signed the list as revised and correct, and handed it to the registrar. At the Court of Petty Sessions, which was then opened, Messrs J. T. Bell and Chas. Connors were elected licensing magistrates for the year 1881 for the Oxley Court of Petty Sessions. On Wednesday, the 19th inst., a Court of Petty Sessions was held, when fourteen summonses for non-payment of rates were extended to Thursday, the 10th of February ; the magistrates expressing a hope that the rates would be paid before that time, thus saving further legal ex- penses being incurred by many who can ill afford to pay them. At the same time it was intimated that the council being unable to meet the claims upon it, it was determined to enforce the collecting of the rates. The weather has been ex- cessively close, and the cutting, stripping and threshing have nearly been completed about Oxley, Milewa, Whorouly, Hurdle Creek, Moyhu and Greta. Accident. — On Saturday last a son of Mr Jas. Braslin's, carter, of Beechworth, met with a nasty accident, while engaged with a horse and dray in carting piles be- tween the Sunday and Rose Reefs, at Silver Creek. He was steadying the horse down an incline in the bush-track, which is much worn by heavy traffic ; and after pas- sing over an exceptionally deep rut the animal, a large powerful brute, wrenched the rein from the lad's hand, causing him to be thrown violently to the ground, at some twenty yards' distance, and inflict- ing a dislocation of the wrist and injuries to other parts of the body which will necessitate a respite from active work for some little time. Art-union Drawing. — The drawing in connection with the " Sandhurst Masonic Art-union" is announced elsewhere m our columns to take place on March 26th next. Nurses and Nursing. — We have to acknowledge the receipt of an extremely useful and instructive pamphlet written by Dr John Blair, senior-surgeon to the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne ; being the opening address delivered by him in inaugurating a class for the training of nurses, with notes to and rules for nurses under training added. At the conclusion of the address the writer very justly observes : " If we blame a nurse in a public institution for neglect of duty, how much more severely should we not censure the female inmates of the mansion and the cottage for having learned no such duty at all ; and I hold it to be incumbent upon every woman who can do so to qualify herself to tend and nurse, in their sickness, those who have a claim upon her affection, and who may be dearer to her than life." MYRTLEFORD MEMs. — The adjourned special court for the revision of the general list of persons claiming to be entitled to vote for members of the Legis lative Assembly of Yictoria, for the Myrtle Creek division of the electoral district of the Ovens, was held at the Court- house, Myrtleford, on Friday, the 21st inst. The police-magistrate, in the absence of any honorary magistrate, was compelled to adjourn the court to Satur- day, the 22nd inst., at 2.30 p.m. After the revision court had been adjourned a Court of Petty Sessions was held before Mr W. H. Foiter, P.M., and Mr Thomas Mathieson, J. P. There was only one case — Benjamin Kershaw v Thomas Rain, of Buffalo River, for goods supplied. The defendant did not appear ; and the service of the summons having been proved, an order was made for the amount claimed (viz., £1 4s 3d), with 10s costs. At the adjourned court on Saturday, the 22nd January, Mr Thomas Mathieson, the elec toral if.'.vistrar, presented the general list for revision of the Myrtle Creek division of the Ovens district. There were no objections lodged, and the list, as pre sented, was revised and passed as correct by the magistrates present, viz., Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., and Mr Michael O'Donnell, J. P. There were no applications, and the court was adjourned. Pedestkianism. — A twenty- four hours' walking match for £50 a-side, between Baker (of New South Wales) and Swan (of New Zealand), was concluded at eleven o'clock on Saturday night in the Hippo- drome, Melbourne, and resulted in a win for the former by five laps ; the distances traversed by the respective men being — Baker, 103 miles, 8 laps ; Swan, 103 miles, 3 laps. Albury Police Court.— On Monday, before the P.M., Alexander Stevenson and H. W ollaski were each fined 5s, or 12 hours' imprisonment, for drunkenness. Henry Lewis and Henry Kimmins were committed to take their trial at the Quarter Sessions, to be held on February 14th, for stealing a watch from the person of William Gordon, bootmaker, of Gerogery. Joseph Baker was charged with stealing a steel, value 4s, the pro perty of Patrick Kelly, butcher, of Albury. As prisoner requested that the ease might be dealt with by the police magistrate, ho was sentenced to 14 days in Albury Gaol. Wodonga Mems. — At the police court on Friday, before Messrs Wm. Huon and Thos. Reidy, J.P.'s, William Nolan, a well-known character in the Beechworth district, was brought up by Constable Moore, charged with using obscene lan- guage at the Junction Hotel on the previous day. The case was clearly proved by Mrs Armstrong, the landlady, and another witness. Accused was fined £1, or 7 days in the Beechworth Gaol. The same prisoner was charged with vagrancy. He had been begging at the hotel in question, and represented himself as a constable, while under the influence of drink. He received 7s from persons at the hotel, and conducted himself in a most disorderly manner, according to the evidence of Mrs Armstrong and other witnesses. Prisoner stated that he was only a new chum and had been only six weeks in the country, from Ireland, and that his swag, &c.; , had been stolen from him at Benalla. The prisoner presented a very weather-beaten appearance and did not look much like a new chum, and the Bench told him so. He was sent to gaol for 14 days, accumulative on the previous sentence. It appears that this old offender is only a few days out of the Beech worch Gaol, after doing a sentence for assault on the police at Waugaratta. Three cab licenses were granted to George Filmer and one was also granted to S Hutchins. A bush-fire at Wodonga West, which would have done a great deal of harm, was observed on Saturday afternoon by the herdsman of the farmers' common ; but by the assistance of a few of the neighbours it was stopped in time, only, however, to break out again on Sunday afternoon. All hands turned out, and again put a stop to it. If the fire had got a firm hold, it would probably have ruined some of the farmers living close to the place. It is supposed to have been caused by persons robbing bees. It is a great pity they cannot be detected. The Pianoforte. — Mrs Moore, certifi cated teacher of mnsic, desires it to be un- derstood that she resumed duties on the 24th inst., and that she has vacancies for pupils. Stray Geese. — The inspector of nui- sances for the Borough Riding of the United Shire of Beechworth elsewhere notifies that he on Monday impounded a score of geese ; and threatens that unless claimed and removed within twenty-four hours by the owners, the bipeds will be destroyed. The Wangaratta Water-supply. — In another column will be found a report of the proceedings of a committee of enquiry which sat at Wangaratta on Saturday last, with the object of taking evidence rela tive to the defective supply of water in connection with the recent disastrous fire which occurred within the town. A number of witnesses were examined, and evidence adduced which went to show that a systematic and thorough remodel- ling of the present water-supply system of the borough is absolutely necessary, and should be undertaken without further delay. Tbe committee have for the present withheld their decision m the matter. Beechworth Mining Board.— Mr R. McNiece, returning-officer for the mining district of Beechworth, in another column notifies that he will proceed to the election of four members of the Local Mining Board on the 26th prox. ; and that all nomin- ations must be lodged at his office before four o'clock p.m. on the 10th. Beechworth County Court. — We would remind intending suitors at this court, which will be held on the 16 th prox., that Friday, 28th iust., is the last day on which summonses can be issued. Fire.— On Monday night the residence of Mr C. H. Barbour, Finch-street, Beechworth, had a narrow escape from destruction by fire. It appears that a servant lett a lighted candle on a table in one of the rooms in proximity to the window curtain which in her absence the wind swayed towards the flame which ignighted it. Fortunately, the accident was opportunely noticed, and Mr Barbour lost no time in teariug down the burning mass ; severely scorching his face and hands in so doing. The Late Fire at Sutton.— We learn that the quartz-mill property at Sutton, belonging to Mr J. C. Bigelow, destroyed by fire on Thursday last, was insured in the Norwich Union Company's office for the sum of £1200. The Hospital Resident Surgeon. — At the meeting of the committee of manage ment of the Ovens District Hospital to be held this (Tuesday) evening the applica- tion for the office of resident-surgeon to the institution, in the room of the late Dr Mousse, will be considered. For the im portant position there are, we understand, numerous candidates, and the committee will find it no easy matter to select from among them the gentleman possessing the highest qualification to undertake and efficiently perform tho duties pertaining to the cilice. Great interest is felt by the general public throughout these districts in the appointment, and they may rest assured, as we do, that the selection will not be made without due aud earnest consideration on the part of the com- mittee ; for which object it has been resolved that the applications received shall lay on the table of the resident surgeon's quarters during the whole of to-day up to 8 p.m. for the perusal of the members of the committee. The Teeth. — Persons requiring their teeth attended to are reminded that Mr Albert Burbank, surgeon-dentist, of Mel- bourne may be consulted at Mr George Gammon's, chemist, Ford-street, Beech- worth, to-day (Tuesday) until Thursday. We are requested to intimate that Mr Burbank's charges are extremely moder- ate ; no advance being made on his Melbourne prices. Licenses not Granted. — Ah King, 20a, Beechworth ; Wm. B. Lloyd, 319a 3r 38p, Gudgewa ; James Healy, 151a 2r 35p, Hinnomunjie. 