THE MYSTERIOUS FIRES IK TASMANIA. The Bobsrt ilantry of tbe 25th Xoremberiuid two following days sumriies tbe foSowing .infonsatioo vrfth rotm to the eupposed volcano in Tasmania :—" News ' leached town last night <Ktb November; that a bondngsnountain bad been discovered in Tusnois. or father tbat a mountain hitbiirto no. way different from its peighboni, baa broken into a chain of volcaneea. The volcanic ootlnak extended in a line for apvards of two mDe*. breaking out here and .there in patches of shoot 309 jards long, leaving the ground between untouched. At night, our infortaant says, tbe flames can be sees shooting op into tbe aky a quarter of a mile high.** A special reporter of the Mnrury «ras sent to report snm tbe affair. Kpeatingofhisexcuflrion in search nf tbe supposed voicsxin. be relates bow st one stege he esxne upon a scene of denotation and testradUon. The Snug Creet bad overflowed its banks, "bridgea had been swept awav, and left high- and -dry on bilMdee, nrchxrd* and gardens bad been devastated and swept away, and crops irretrievably ruoied. in one case a smtll high and dry on the land between tbe southern I hank of the creek and the soft. Xt was with grtad I difficulty that Qba owner sKoeededis getting tsncfc I acain into deep water, and then the damage which I it hsA sustained was great, the keel and part of the j starboard bulwark having been washed away. ' AJel the party contioued its jouriiey. freeh evidences of! the destn=tiven«w of the flood nreaenffed them- j selves on evt-rf side. The scene of a stiange landslip was ftlsopassed. It seemedssif tte whole side! Dfabm, nearly a mile and a" balf long, bad been 1 aeooped out ax& lodged in ®ie creefc. The stresm i would appear, after being dammed up to e great! belgbt. to have burst ita^nT ont of one side of "tte flanes rising high -in air, end -oneof bisinen, wfco j was then working ftway. from the house, bad been -near it, and described it as 'a deep " bole in - -the earth, -from which which issues dense black-smoke.' At length, unable to see- on account of the fog. we decided to retrace our steps. So far the search fur .the volcano has been unsuccessful, hot another attempt to .Ultra"el.tlie I volcanic mystery will be msde. Ibe vesalt of that' other sttanptwes that the Hmarg wrotei-"fl>e volcano haa ended in smt&e.; The great Taanarilan' Mount Etna ia nothing more nor leas thaq snombwhat unusual bush-fire. After having speat Friday in looking for tbe mppoaed burning mountain w^Uiout success,'our rep rter returned to tbo-Seug pn -Saturday, for -the parpoae of renewing Ilia search, acc mpanied by a ITotrcrt gentlemen, whose abilities asa tnubman Hidrart mzde him genOeoSi, "a very desirable wfaose f companion." Of Ibatr "-e*periowea." "" " Hwr saSd— Having minutely the emben of tbe fire, ' sre saw that the conflagration Tad taken plaee since "the heavy rains WbicU liad eansed the recent • flood. We followed the mmhn M the tlie for . nee ly -two miidS thr -rrsb a winding plain, bnt cpald -sae no trene «f volcsnic -action, or even : of coal or fire. We'titei retracedoncstsps^ and \- whan -Bearing tbe point' wtoMe we bad first reached tbe plain, • and just after coorfng -f.-mn behind & vlieht rise it the conn*rv. -we ob -erved a -nUartf thick" black smoke rising hirh into the _ air. . When approaching the smoke vre. beard-a lotrj losrd Workiiig'round ta tbe West w kiKlwi side, we caodonJvJkaraseJ, and when we readbed rest" ' thejpOUr of ani'dce, saw to oar chaatfs that it nothing mote than a hash Bre, The rearing no|-<w pesceaded from -the. bnttoa grass, wUdi,elth«adb : oaw, burned isi The tea4ree eeral _ ^ .. and now and then a Binio would sboet upward-i, coxsuislHga tell^ea-tree bash in *Ttew second^*" So great wu" t>« ,^xciteinept caused in (be dtr by the naort of the alleged v.dcanic" emptl™, ih«t quittn M M went down t^ tbe Rn«l»tbe)nr 