News and Notes. ( We feel it our duty to call attention / .to the New Davis., Vertical ...Feed,, l /Sewing Machine; - which has carried.. ( '"off tljp. onty/ifir)tt\j»'ie at the„Jlel.i / bourne International Exhibition S Some of the competitors, however, i were not satisnea witn tne awaras, J 'and protested. , The -Experts,- how- S Aver, upheld . the' decision mid gave f the first prize for their Family Ma- ) ;chine and the.same for.Hand Messrs \ W. F. Dixon and Co;, "Of 87' Elizabeth r street, are the sole , agents, and in J tend ing purchanrs and thote interest \ ,«d would do well to call and inspect r these singularly-successful machines. / ' Matkimony, — Never were each, 1 great .advantages held out to young f people te marry as the pjesnt,. ,A ) (comfortable .house may be, 'furnished ) for you, with every requisite to make ' home happy, by; simply calling upon ' Mr Henry Marks, - of 186 Elizabeth ; street, who will arrange with you : V> pay him." say five shillings per' week ! ' out of your earnings, and he will give ) you in1 return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why 1 > delay T Go and see Mr H, Marks and I get married at-bneei 1 ' Mr W. R. Furlong notifies .. that ) be has removed his mxsie'. studio!; to k those handsome premises situate near Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where I there is a large hall and every con I lenience for student® of the vocal art, I ; Attention is directed, to the pros . pectus of "Bridges' art;union,|published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis-' i tribution of .prizes, _froni AL1000'_dowh to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. ) Gem Pobteaits.— The young lady \vho, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a b'ushfire, has Since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the remnants. . Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio. Collins- Street east, opposite Age Office, has .since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month .ago.,. . We have received a sample of a pew nori-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, .LUlulUl milllU LaCulii vl i JLu IB a picBBnllb sparkling drink, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern? ment anaylitical chemist", and Joseph >Flude, superintendent of laboratories, 'as being a pure, wholesome bpverage. It should prove a very desideratum to he teetotal community especially. The. attention , of our. lady readers is directed to an\announcement in our : advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode- tate rates at 79 Elizabeth Btreet, .They are also desired to inspect. some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at' the same depot, . A Fobthnevok tenbhitlinas.— :-We would direct the attention of our leaders, to thevaluable prizes offered1, ,by the Sandhurst Masonic Art. Unioiii! the drawing for which is positively; fixed for the 31st inst, . Te. Published lisVbf gentlemen '"who have ikindly;j . 'consented to superintend the drawing" is a sufficient guarantee to the public ! .that everything will be carried -out on the great Masonic Principle— " on the' square." To those who belie vein the"' ..old proverb — Nothing, venture no thing have — should lose no time in. securing their tickets, which may be had at the office, next , Royal" Mail Hotel,, Bourke-street, east. . ; j_. i We have received 'a copy of a new .pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine," for Fathers of Families," er -everyone.' \hiB own and Children's Doctor." It emanates from Florence, Italy, where 'Professor- Girolamo Pagliano |hast jWritten the book to relieve the' human race, and instruct the people in prac-. . /tical medicine. With his Pagliano 'Herbal Syrup he treats the blood, and : 'so aims at the root of disease, A number of testimonials are given frotif sufferers who have benefitted by this remedy. This truly marvellous medi- oine can be had from Mr Evans, Chemist, Evans' Medical Hall, ' 92 Stephen-Btreet. Mr Evans has im ported the medicine direct from Pro- fesBor ' Girolamo Pagliano's establish ment, Florence. The books, of in strnction are published in English, at the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the only ones imperted here in that lan guage — Price with pamphlet 6s. or 1 stamps by letter, address D, Evans, i EvanB' Medical Hall, JStephen-strc'et". Mr Evans has received an ..Inypicfi. fif , T "rV No 1 Triesmaryoyjuleit;pMlif ' of England).' VijMieliraa Mi-4 . cine.fs in thqfomi ot aVLMenge, ai>d ap ajrovetoigii Remedy >fcfr. aH :.Ner-. reus' Disorders has proved1 a great - "BUOCeSB.", v. y , . :-j f'rl \- ThbS following, testimonial to the . efficacy of Hood's, >0orn Solvent will- be read with interest by those Who ' suffer and do not know where to find relief forjthe troublesomecomplaintof corns : "Sir— Being severely tried by a large and most'troublesome corn on the top' of one"6f" my "toes for MoliK" than fobty yeabs, and having had it 'twice" pretefi'ded >to be takWl ottt, and! I havb often friediother mams/to dissolve 'bur-nnhjn, b'trf all iif vain. -I was. at length induced by your recom- mendation to try " Hood's Corn Sol vent, "..which, I am happy toay,,. five days from 'its; being .first Applied, enabled me taobt successpiUy pu,tio triumph ;jbver (my qnwelconie > comi- panioh ;.'to get rid bf/whici Ehavb Beveral. times, had.erious .thoughts of |having;.the toe Enimtated/y I am now, after waiting ten or twelve months to see if he. would return, entirely free from all pain'ili occasioned, as well as any appearance of its return. I have recommended it to some of my 'family and ; friends', ' who have been equally successful in removing these' old" and troublesqme intruders. You ljave my! 1 full sanction tb jUse this ayoq pleaae, < for" I considerthe Solventtobe a great boon; and a sure and .safe remedy, for 1 corns! if propferly applied thai till time ; and in the. manner prescribed,— I re, main yours1 respectfully, Morti < meir. _TaMr MlKnight, Chemist, Rich- ( mond," - ' - ' 