PRESBYTERIAN.-The undermentioned officating ministers have been registered for the celebration of marriages, viz., the Rev. John C. McDonald M.A., Wagga Wagga; Rev. James Taylor Main M.A., Young. MAIL TENDERS.-Tenders for the following mail service, for the period from the 1st May 1881 to the 31st December 1883 will be received up to noon on Wednesday, the 6th April next:-To and from Bowral, Kangaloon, and East Kangaloon, three times a week; to and from Braidwood, Jembaicum- bene, and Major's Creek, three times a week; to and from Braidwood and Monga, twice a week. SURVEY DEPARTMENT.-Mr. Thomas Willans Conolly has been appointed a second class surveyor on the permanent staff of the survey department. PERMITTED TO PURCHASE.-The persons here- under mentioned will be permitted to purchase, under the second clause of the Lands Acts Amend- ment Act 1875, the portions of improved land specified against their names. The money must be paid into the colonial treasury, Sydney, within three months from 22nd March, under a penalty of an addition to the fixed value of 10 per cent.; and should that increased price not be paid within a further period of three months, the claims to pur- chase will lapse, and the land will be brought to auction:--Joseph Johnston, 2 lots, 2 acres each, portions Nos. 231 and 232, county Georgiana; John Walsh, 1 rood, county Georgiana, village of Arthur. DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION.—The under- mentioned teachers have been appointed to the offices specified in connection with their respective names, such appointments to take effect from the dates on which those teachers severally entered upon their duties: Mr. Thomas Henry Wellings, teacher, public school, Bowning; Mr. William Evans, teacher, public school, Burrawang East; Mr. Kendal Hume, teacher, public school, Bungendore; Miss Marion Beck, teacher, public school, Mullen- gullonga; Mr. Joseph Hanify, teacher, public school, Nangus; Mr. John Ainsworth, teacher, evening public school, Rob Roy; Mr. Matthew Mc Kean, teacher, evening public school, Murrumburrah; Mr. William James, teacher, evening public school, Cunningar; Mr. Walter Nolan, teacher, evening public school, Goulburn; Mr. William Calthorpe, teacher, provisional school, Inverary Park; Miss Kate Mc Cormack, teacher, provisional school, Red- ground; Miss Minnie Wilson, mistress infants' de- partment, public school, Young; Miss Emily Rush- forth, mistress infants' department, public school, North Goulburn ; Mr. William Liggins, pupil teacher, public school, Berrima; Miss Julia Fuller, pupil teacher, public school, Sutton Forest. MILL BURNED DOWN.-Queanbeyan, Tuesday.- Dodsworth's steam flour-mill, rented by Mr. Samuel Brown from Mr. William Wire and recently re-fitted took fire about seven o'clock yesterday evening and was completely destroyed, together with about 2000 bushels of wheat. It is thought to be the act of an incendiary, as on the 25th of February the furnace grating was maliciously injured. A reward of £5 was then offered on conviction of the offender. Great sympathy is expressed for Brown, who is struggling and not long commenced business.-Telegram to Evening News. TENDERS ACCEPTED.-Messrs. Lansdown and Son of Goulburn are the successful tenderers for Mr. John Kelly's new premises in Cooma-street, Yass. The building will consist of two stories and comprise shop and dwelling-house. The contractors intend to begin the work almost immediately.-Yass Tribune. HOW BUSH-FIRES MAY BE SPREAD.-A startling discovery in connection with the hitherto unaccount- able spread or outbreak of fires on properties at various places at almost the same time, was made recently at Penshurst (Victoria), on the occasion of a furious bush-fire raging there. While Mr. Hutton and an army of beaters were at work extinguishing the fire on the boundary of their properties they were amazed on observing a large hare dash out from the middle of a burning patch across the three- chain road, which had so far kept-the fire in check, and with her coat all aflame enter the thick grass in the opposite paddock, which, in less time than it takes to record the incident, was burning furiously. The idea which formerly existed that the fur on the living animals would not carry flames is now dis- pelled, and a grave cause for alarm must naturally be created amongst landed propriotors.-Hamilton Spectator. AN INNOCENT NEW ZEALANDER .-A young man, a native of New Zealand, arrived in Sydney a few days ago on his way to the Mount Poole rush, and last Wednesday night got into magsmen's company, which quickly fleeced him of £40. He sends us the following account of the robbery:-" On Wednesday morning a well-dressed man met me at the corner of York and Barrack streets and walked with me to the Clarence and Richmond Hotel in Kent-street. We had some drink in the parlour, when a stranger entered and had a curious yarn about a game of his which he wished us to play with him. The game was this: My friend whom I met in York and Barrack streets was to put a shilling under a tumbler and the stranger is to cry to it-head or tail. We are to play the first five up, and the stranger is to call every time, for which privilege he gives us three out of five. The scores are taken with ten paper balls placed in two rows of five each. Me and my friend bet heavily, having the odds of two off to start with. We lost £35, then I have only £5 left-not enough for a heavy bet, so my friend fills the body of a cheque and tells me to put my name to it that I may stake it as money. I put a fictitious name to it and staked it with my £5, and lost them both. The stranger then said he would got his solicitor to collect it and left. My friend then pretended to be much frightened about the cheque and said we should both get into it. This must be a conspiracy to defraud. I have now left in the bank £15 belonging to self and a mate of mine. My mate, hearing of my loss, draws the £15 and knocked it down in one night. We have been kindly given free passes by the government for the train up country."-Evening News. EXTENSIVE FRAUD ON THE REVENUE OF VIC- TORIA.-The case to which reference has already been made, of the public revenue of Victoria being defrauded of a large amount of probate duty, has been further investigated by the crown law officers. It transpires that the estate of a well-known squatter, who died in 1875, was valued at about £200,000. A short time prior to his death he sold to another Vic- torian resident a station, including stock, in New South Wales, for £135,000. There was a cash pay- ment on the transaction of £8000. The balance of the purchase-money was payable in bills extending over a period of three years. After the sale the former owner of the station made a will bequeathing his property to several people who reside in Vic- toria. In the statement presented to the officer, whose duty it is to collect probate duty, no refer- ence was made to the sale of the New South Wales property. It is the intention of the law department to take steps for the recovery of the probate duty- amounting to several thousand pounds-which should have been paid on the £135,000 realised for the New South Wales property.-Melbourne Argus. RAILWAY GOULBURN TO COOMA.-Following are the details of estimates of route, cost, population, and trade on which this proposal has been based :- Length, 130 miles-single line; estimated cost, £1,830,000. This line branches from the Main Southern Railway, about three miles south of the Goulburn station, passing near to Tarago (the nearest point to Braidwood); thence to Bungendore, crossing the Queanbeyan River at the north-western corner of the town of Queanbeyan, near to the confluence of the Molonglo River; thence by Jerabumbera, ascends the range lying south of Queanbeyan, and crosses the Cooma main road between the 11th and 12th mile-posts ; thence to Miehelago and Colinton, crosses the Bredbo and Umarella Rivers; passes about a mile to the east of Bunyan, and terminates about half-a-mile east of the town of Cooma. Statistics: -Cooma and Queanbeyan: Population, 10,323; area of country in acres, 3,852,800; No. of holdings, 1187. Land alienated: Unenclosed, 398,392; enclosed, not cultivated, 647,174; in cultivation, 16,920-1,062,486 acres. Products: Grain, 200,446 bushels; hay, 5490 tons; potatoes, 2166 tons; horses, 18,012 horned cattle, 117,183 sheep, 1,127,821 pigs, 4144. Present tradeby coast steamers and sailing craft between Sydney, Bega, Moruya, Ulladulla, and Tathra, about 25,000 tons. CURE OF SNAKE-BITE.-An instance of skilful cure of snake-bite has just occurred at Castlereagh, near Penrith. On Friday, 18th instant, Mrs. Green- halgh, wife of a farmer residing in the above lo- cality, was bitten on the instep by a venomous black snake. A neighbour, Mr. William Landers, was called to her assistance. He placed a ligature above the wound and administered brandy in large quantities. However, Mrs. Greenhalgh being fifty or sixty years of ago, and of a plethoric habit of body, fatal results seemed inevitable. Dr. O. C. Brady of Penrith was then sent for, and was on his way to the aid of the sufferer within five minutes of the receipt of the message. He reached Castle- reagh (a distance of eight and a half miles) in forty minutes, but unfortunately nearly three hours had elapsed since Mrs. Greenhalgh had been bitten, and there seemed but little hope of her recovery. Dr. Brady, however, immediately set to work, and after six hours of strenuous exertion had the satisfaction of leaving his patient in a fair way of recovery. At about eight o'clock the same evening Mrs. Green- halgh recovered her senses, and to some extent the use of her limbs, and was on Sunday out of danger. -Sydney Daily Telegraph. Heavy rains are reported in the north of Queens- land, and over twelve inches fell at Cooktown during forty-eight hours. Showers have fallen all along the coast, and at many stations in the interior the weather is threatening, but it is fine in the south- western part of the colony. At a recent show at Goldsbrough's stores in Mel- bourne, Russell and Gillespie took the prize for flour milled on a process known as the Hungarian system. The grain is crushed by being pressed between large cylinders, instead of being ground between millstones. A boy named Menzies, who was arrested for attempting to upset the Brighton train (Victoria), by placing an obstruction on the line, gave as his reason that he wanted to see the train jump. A baby-farmer named Dunn has been committed for trial in Adelaide for manslaughter, for having caused the death of an infant by excessively beating it. The steamer Paynesville has been wrecked on the Ninety-Mile Beach, thirty-five miles from the entrance to the Gippsland lakes. Two lives were lost. IMPOUNDED AT BETHUNGRA, 18th March, from Hillside; sum due at date of notice, 10/9 :-Black gelding, JH (conjoined) over C over D over I near shoulder, near fore and off hind feet white, broken, aged. To be sold 7th April. IMPOUNDED AT BURRANGONG, 17th March, from Bulla Creek:- Bay horse, WJ near shoulder, like horse-shoe off shoulder, star, stripe and snip, aged, 15 hands. To be sold 7th April. IMPOUNDED AT BURROWA, 17th March, from Douglas; sum due at date of notice, 16/:-Dark-bay horse, F over y near shoulder, stripe down face, near hind and off fore feet white, saddle-marked, broken, aged, 14¾ hands. To be sold 7th April. IMPOUNDED AT CARCOAR, on 12th March, from Mount Macquarie Run; delay in advertising through sending notice to owner; sum due at date of notice sat after each animal:-Bay mare, R over blotch like M near shoulder, star and snip, broken, aged, about 15 hands, 17/6.-Also, on 16th March, from Mallow Grove grass paddock:-Brown mare, indes- cribable brand over W near shoulder, W near neck, star, off hind foot white, near hind foot partly white, white spots on back, broken, aged, about 15 hands, 12/3. To be sold on 7th April. IMPOUNDED AT COOTAMUNDRA, on 14th March, from Culliugar; sum due at date of notice set after each animal:--Black mare, RN near shoulder, star in forehead, saddle-marked, aged, 14 hands, 5/6; roan yearling filly, RC near shoulder, star in fore- head; yellow bullock, R over A off rump, about 4 years.-Also, on 18th March, from Glenarke ; sum due at date of notice, 5/6 each:-Chestnut horse, like EP conjoined near shoulder, like same brand near thigh, blaze in face, off hind foot white, aged, about 15 hands; blue-gray horse, like U near shoulder, near hind foot whitc, saddle-marked, aged, about 15 hands. To be sold on 7th April. IMPOUNDED AT NORTH GUNDAGAI, on 14th March from Coolac; notice sent to owner of brand; sum due, 13/:--Brown mare, U near shoulder. To be sold 7th April. IMPOUNDED AT NORTH WAGGA WAGGA, on 14th March, from Gobbagombalin; sum due set after each animal:--Iron-grey gelding, J and heart near shoulder, illegible brand like spectacles blotched off shoulder, saddle-marked, girth-galled, pulled tail, 7 years, 16 hands-12/9.- Also on 17th March, from Marra :--Bay draught mare, FP near shoulder, off hind foot white, off hock deformed, star and snip, speckled back, collar-marked, long tail, aged, 16½ hands-12/6; black colt, like J over W near shoulder, star, off hind foot white, unbroken, 2 years, 15 hands-8-4; chestnut mare, O over F near shoulder, silver mane and tail, lump on off hind fetlock, pulled tail, saddle-marked, aged, 14½ hands-8/4; brown yearling filly, no visible brand. To be sold 7th April. IMPOUNDED AT NORTH YASS, on 16th March, from Douro; sum due at date of notice set after each animal:-Bay horse, saddle-marked, P over J near shoulder, 12/3.-Also, on 10th March, from Oak Hill:-Brown and white cow, like M writing capital over R near rump, like ZK off rump, 6/9. To be sold 14th April. 