COUNTRY NEWS. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH ] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS ) DIMBOOLA, Tuesday. At a meeting of the railway league, held to day at the shire hall, a petition, nume- rously signed, was adopted, and ordered to bo forwarded to the Minister of Railways, praying that the line to Dimboola be con- structed aa early aa possible Farmers are busy harvesting. They have been delayed on account of the late raina A good average of wheat crop from Dimboola to the South Australian border ia expected Largo quantities wheat are paaaing through Dimboola by bullock waggons There are no local buyers, but a mill company and a rail- way aro urgentl} required. Dimboola pro- mises to be the most important wheat depot on thB North-western line when the railway ia extended. WEDDERBURN, Tuesday. At a meeting of the committee of the North Gladstone Railway League, held last night, it was resolved to invite the Com- missioner of Railways and Mr. J. M Grant, with several other members of Parliament, to a banquet to be held in the Korong Shire ball on a date to suit the convenience of the guests prior to tho re assembling of Par- liament. The president of the shire and a Bub committee composed of the most in- fluential men waB appointed to carry out the arrangements A large bushfire is raging to the north-east of the town. COLAC, Tuesday. A sale of Crown lands was held in the court house to day by Mr James, district land officer. Four town lots, of about half an acre each, at Lorne fetched £6 to £9, double the gross upset price. There were 11 half acre lots at Krambuk, Apollo Bay. The upset price was £4 each They sold at various prices to £9, all but one lot, winch was passed in Six lots of suburban land at Yeo, nearly 32 acres in all, were put at £4 per acre, and fetched £171 10s , and four lots at the same place, with an aggregate of 21 acres, were bought by the Hon G. F. Belcher, of Geelong, at a total of £145, The salo of these lots at Yeo is stated to have deprived tho occupants of the Birregurra Common from accesB to the river Barwon BEECHWORTH, TuE3DA\ Dr. W. A. Dobbyn, of Beechworth, waa elected at a meeting of the committee of management of the Ovens District Hospital thiB evening as reaident surgeon of tho in- stitution in place of tho late Dr. Mousse There were nine applicants for the position. The weather has been close and oppresaivo all day. _ The Daylesford Mermni states -" The following foreBt laads will be thrown open for application under Part II., section 19, of the Laud Act, 18G9, on and after Friday, 4th lebruary -Castlemaine district, parishes of Bullarto, Glenlyon, and Wombat, area, 2,700 acres, the nnalicnated land excised from the Wombat and Glenlyon State Toreat, de- scribed in Gazette of the 13th March, p. 618, and numbered 1, 3, and 4, and part of 2, shown m blue tint on lithograph marked A, deposited m the Crown Lands office, Mel- bourne, and the land office, Castlemaine It is urged that the throwing open of the above land will greatly interfere with the means of gaining access to the forest timber , and an effort is being made to prevent such being done till the full circumstances bave been considered by the bon the Mimstor of Lands A meeting of gentlemen intoreBtod in mining waa held here on Monday, when it was resolved to memorialise the Lands de I partment on the subject " I 