News and Notes. Elsowhere wo publish particulars of the Shilling Art Union. 100 high-class paintings are to bo disposed of by art union, valued at £2,185. Prospectuses, with full particulars of i ine prizes, can oe obtained at tho fine art gallery, 87 Collins-street, whore also tho pio- tures are on view. Altogether there is a well- assorted collection, both in landscape nnd sub ject pieces. Wo are glad to learn that the tickets are going off very rapidly, and wish i tho affair every success. Two Gold Medals awarded American Waltham Watches; the only medals awarded to Exhibit ors of Watches Melbourne Interna tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine Waltham Watches have the trade mark, " Waltham, Mass.," engraved on the plate of the watches. The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, opposite Waxworks, We notice by announcement else where that Mr E. Davis, who has so successfully managed Mnskett's book i and stationery business for the past six years, has now taken the same in- 1 to bis own hands. He has opened up l a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c.;, suitable for presents. He has also :in 1 assortment of over 20,000 of French's i acting editious of Plays. Opera House tiokets (D.C. excepted) can also be 1 obtained at this house, i Matrimony, — Never were such great advantages held out to young people t« marry as the present. A i comfortable house may he furnished for you, with every requisite to make 1 home happy, by simply calling upon i Mr Henry Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you 1 to pay him say five shillings per week l out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you 1 require to build up a home Why I delay ? Ge and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. ' Gem Pobtraitb.— The young lady I who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has I since been identified through a gem I portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- ' prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- I Btreet east, opposif c Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one I that was taken at his studio about a i month ago. 