THE STRATHALBYN AND MILANG RAILWAY. Oor readers are already aware that this line, go long suggested as one of the most desirable and probably most repro ductive in the colony, has at last met with a favorable reception in our Parlia ment, having passed in both Houses with but very limited opposition, Messrs, Beaglehole, Bean, Bucknall, Coles, Dixon, Howe, Moyle, and Furner, with Mr. Basedow in the Lower, and the Hons. J. Pearce and W. Sandover in the Upper House being the only voices raised against the measure — the most of these being representatives of Northern interests, and in thus objecting giving way to a mean selfishness' that is far from creditable to themselves, and which we can hardly believe would find com mendation even amongst their own con- stituents. However, we have the plea- sure of feeling that the great majority , of our ruler's have acknowledged our right to equal travelling facili- ties as are afforded other parts of this advancing colony, and we cordially offer . our thanks to those who have thus re cognized our claims, and our congratu lations to all thoee who will hereafter derive benefit therefrom. As. to the route — that was left an open question to the Government to decide by careful surveys as to the most practicable and useful one of the many suggested, and ? doubtless the one chosen is for abundant reasons that which, in the end, will tend to prove the justness of the con struction. It is to be reeretted that the line could not be arranged so as to touch at Macclesfield, an important and rising township now in our direct mail road route, as this place will in a measure be shut out from any intimate benefits likely to arise ; but at the same time we scarcely think the prospective bene fits to Macclesfield, or to the railway by Macclesfield, would have. justified the very enormous extra expense that it- is said would have had to be incurred in taking the line that way ; and as the distance from the township to the nearest point of the line is only three miles, we trust Macclesfield will not suffer greatly by its unfortunate topical position. A macadamised road to the station, and conveyances to carry mails and passen gers will, we imagine, soon be provided, and even if it is not so directly advantageous as it otherwise would have been, we hope the line will indirectly p. *e or benefit to Maccles field and the ~ hole surrounding district. Now that th Loan Bill has also passed the Lower House, we look confidently for tbe Upper House's concurrence, and that with the least possible delay the grand work may be commenced. Al ready the hearts of Southerners are re joiced. Go where you will there. As a universal revivification of hope' and confidence in the future of the South. To ment'nnanyof the benefits expected frcm the Railway would only lead us into a labyrinth of endless theme. We have in days gone by - urged innumerable reasons why the line should be constructed, and now we are confident that in the future, South Aus tralians will have no reason to regret that a portion of .their national' debt was incurred, in thus opening up the hills country, and bringing this side of the province into direct and easy com - inunica'.ion with the metropolis.- .;, We hope thi) preliminaries will be arranged as speedily as possible, and the line set to work upon, and also that a» much as is . practicable the encourage ment of colonial industry will be in dulged in by the powers that be,. and as little money -sent out of the colony for this lise as is consistent with economy and Bafety. ? ? ' Who is to Blame ?— It is a long time since the money was voted for tn'e con struction of a line of telegraph between Strathalhyn and Middleton,*— it' i3 a long time since tbe line was pegged out,— a long time since the contract was taken,— aion»; limp since some of the poles were, delivered at Middleton, but still there is'no; sign, of the work being carried out, and^we in dignantly ask, as we have many timeVasked before ' Who is to blame ?'. It is a crying shame that this important work should be neglected year after year, especially -When the money has been voted and the contract taken; and as tbe summer is fast approaoh ing, witb all the ' dangers of- interrupted communication between the Southemports ? and Adelaide by bushfires, we once .more draw the attention of those, concerned to. the necessity of pushing on with the work at once. It is a trifling one, but the ills resulting from its neglect may be many and serious, while the good it would dp ia-great, and the conveniences- it would afford long sought ior. ' ???.--- 