Varieties. A pen may be driven, but a pencil does best when it is le(a)d. " Printer-s'ink " said the drowning i typo as he went down for the third time. 1 " Settle promptly with us and we | will settle promptly with someone else, appears on the billhead of a ' stationer. ( This is the way the yonng ladies sing up in Fitzroy ; and it is not the 1 only place where they are similarly , afflicted : — When the moo-hoon is mi-hlldly bo-heaming 1 O'er the ca-halm and sl-hi-lcnt se-e-e-e, It's ra-dyunce so-hoftly stro-heam-ing, ' Oh I ther-hen, Oh ! thor-hen, . I theo-hink Hof thee-hee. , I theo-hink, I thee-hink, , I thee-hink, I the-he-he-hehehehe-hink hof thee-e-e-e-e. ( The book of nature is always beau tiful, but it gets short of leaves in 1 autumn. , When the wine goes freely round, the head generally follows the exam- ' pie, ( A very common peculiarity of our nature is to undervalue what we pos- I sess, and to long only for that which , is not within our reach. He that sympathises in all the hap- I pineas of others, perhaps himself en- . joys the safest happiness ; and he that is warned by all the folly of ( others, has perhaps attained the . soundest wisdom. ' Coolness. — One day a quiet-look- ( iDg stranger entered a wholesale stationer's, and asked if he could use ' a blotting pad a moment. A piece of ( blotting was handed him, and he sat . down by a desk, looked around, and ' said, " Ah 1 thanks, but have you a ( pen and ink?" These were furnished him. He tried the pen on the pad, ( shook up the ink, and looked around / again, and modestly insinuated — " Do you think you could spare a sheet of \ paper?" A sheet was handed him. / He wrote his letter, folded it, and j whispered, " I'm afraid I shall have ( to beg an envelope of you." The en- / velope was handed over, and when he j had directed it, he looked at a stack ( of paper, under the desk, up to the ) ceiling, and enquired, " You couldn't \ lend me a stamp, could you ?" The ( stamp was produced and forked over, ) and when it had been licked and ) fixed, the stranger arose and slowly i disappeared, with the parting remark, J ' As you don't seem to keep an office \ boy, I suppose I shall have to take i this letter to the post-office myself." J The attention of our lady readers j is directed to an announcement in our ( advertising columns that kilting and > quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode- ( rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street, > They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, ( which are on sale at the same depot, , Gem Portraits. — The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, ( was burned to death by a bushfire, has ( since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the ( remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- . prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has < since recognised the portrait as one . that was taken at his studio about a month ago. 4 