DZSTRICT N WS. GINGIN.-We have. hadl some terribly hot weather hero since I last wrote toyoi; which seems to have increas d the general dullness, if that be possible, but our races, which are to take place on Thursday the 2-4th inst., will serve to put a little life into our small community. I s C that two or three of our turf support' . ard already getting their nags into con ition for the contest. By the way, I forgo to tell you in soy last that a meeting was IlAd last Satur ilday evening for the purpo?,st of requesting the Government to hand the present Race Course over to the inhabitnut: of the district for a public Recreation Gron Id.; The.Race Course is at'present held by .:r. Jas. Ander son by an S.O.L., but that ge:t.leman is quite willing to give it up. A Jommonage is much'wanted here, and I a'n ;lad to seethat steps are being taken to obtain ,he..Poor Gin gin seems to be left quite in t :e back-ground in everything, but Ithink tha it is only. for the want of making their de rces known. I see that a placard has been posted on the old notice tree informing us that flour can be obtained at Cheriton at :. . 4s.. per bag, and that fresh meat can be p rchased every Saturday moining at'4d. p.r lb. This will prove a great boon to Gingia and. will :no doubt be well patronize, Bush fires: are very prevalent just na but' little: or no local damage ha .. been done so far. Since writing the above, I find' that I have time to a.,pcnd a post cript. Messrs. J Livingstona and D. Pant-. ridge, of Mount Gambicr, S. 'A.,. passed 'hrough here to day en rode for the Nor' West, in search of sheep ru s. "We wish you good luck," for much go i is done by opcuing up fresh country. .lany of ouar residents are busy now tmraini ig their nags for the forthcoming races. .I think : that there will-be a good turn out, as a good many entries have been al:xstdy made. : I am glad to say that sickness now seems to be on the decline. I wish it a speedy and •iual departurk ' GERALDTQN.-I have nat sent you as letter for some time, simply fsom lack • of neows. But I had better make a fresh start. -In expectation of a vii t from Lord Gifford, our Volunteers havin; been exercis ing most assiduously. Our o a foud hope is, that when his Lordship insp:ets us he vill not be able to find any fault with us. The Wizard Oil Prince roused us n a. good deal. If the professional companies svho favour us occasionally with a visit, co hll 'manage to give one half as good an on'crtainment as Frank Weston does for notlrin :, they ,would save no reason to grumble abut thepoor ipatronage afforded them. I am sorry to say that several accidents have oc:aured recently. The most lamentable occur quce however has been time death of poor Mls. Ventura. Ior some time past she has been deranged,. nyd lately she wandered away in the bush itmdl perished. We areAll glaln I to ear. that the Government has at last recofuised the wants of the new Eastern districts, and that His Excellency. the Gover or has been Ilcased to make two gentleme , Justices of t:?e Peace. Last Sunday a very pleasant service was held in the Chur?i ,,f England, o, return thanks for the harvest. The Chuirch was prettily decora':dl for the o. casion, and the services wec warm and hearty. A new bank is goin' to to be built sest to the Observer office. It .viii add much to the appearance of our. town when it is fin islicd. It has been very hot, but it is to be l,,ped that there will soon be a break in the wvcather. (IIEENOUGH.-At last! A medical oilicer has lot only been app .iutddbut has stitually arrived. We hope t Int we may be nble to make it sufficiently pl :a:unt for him to induce him to stay with u:. At present iheire are only two things mor: we want, and tlheyy are, firstly a post-offica at the Back ,lats, and secondly the totnal di.appearance of the so-called Spanish .Padlih. But from ill I can see the one" seems to be about as likely an event as the other. A poor ilittle girl, only seven years of ago, ha:s died from tihe effects of sunstroke. The caxse was how cu'er complicated by a severe attack.of bron chitis, which baffled all D. Megginson's skill. The harvest is now n:arly over, but the results are very poor. Th: hIat is dread fiul, but thank goodness this nonth.ought to. Lh the end of the real summe • heat. NORTHAMIPTON.-The muaCs are again going ahbcad, and the lead is b:ing forwarded to the port. I only hope t at the metal may rise a bit in price, so tha ;.thln energetic Jroimoters may reap the due "war.d of their laliour. Anew plan is now b:ing tried. At least it is new here, bu it is, I believe ,comnmon enooh in the quartz mines of Victoria, Messers Crowther a 1 Mitchell no 1inger pay. their miners w cc.. but they ~wirk upon contract. It is li .ly that the o.her employers of mining la ,nur will soon fllow their example. The w atler is very close and sultry, but rain is nw tlreatening. IBUiBURY.--The new s tw-:mills were duly opened and received t ,o name of the "Wellington" mills, butalasl liflienltieshave tirisen. Strange to say that the directors lhink that they will be able t, settle matters better without their manager thanl with him. -Consequently Mr. Simpson's services have icen dispensed with, much to the regret of all those who have had any b nirncss transac tious with him. "The moun'; :it laboured," nothing has come of the exei ing and sensa tional seizure which was lat ly made here, and we have now fallen bac': to our usual upathetic state. Perhaps so ie whales may -,oon pay us a visit to give u. something to talk about. I)ONGARRA.-The. liharve t is over, and now at last we can calcula c our returns. 'I'akc all round the results are better than were at first expected. But ire have had to I, -Y a heavy price for labour, and this com bi.ted with the steady down "yard tendency i" wheat and flour, does not :lelp to encour "gc the farmer. Our races w: llnot come off before the middle of next month. This ought ,o give some owners time to zat their quad ri!,eds into trim. An accident, luckily with nL any serious result rece::tly befcl the yottingest son of Hr. J. Turton. Insomeway ,r -ther he managed to tum ,.e dwn a well i,,te thirty feet in depth. T o pllucky little i'cllw did not lose his presence of mind, but litllocd for help, and with a little assistance h: got out of his unpleasant q' irters, having ,,stinied no more serious da ,;go than get iug his little nose scratched. It is very hot, ad thie large bush-fires all a ?autl us, addto si, present discomfort. 