A leading theatrical journal in New York has the following in reference to show-bill printing. The article com mences : — " Just as the present iB the season for revivals among our christian friends so it is with our managers, a To Theatrical Managers in particular and Show People generally. number of old time plays being re vived with very encouraging results, while others are in course of prepar ation "with gorgeous palaces and cloud-oapped towers" to give them the proper scenic effect. What would we do in these wonder-working days without the aid of those valuable stage adjuncts, the scenic artist, and the mechanist and carpenter 1 Without their assistance the works of the most popular playwright would lay super fluous on the stage. With their skill to back up the plot and dialogue, the veriest hodge podge of the incipient dramatist made be made attractive and interesting. And the costumier is like unto them. Yea, without the rich garbs which our costumiers now dress the poor players in, the characters impersonated would be very sorry figures when contrasted with the fine stage settings of the play of this ad vanced age. But it is the theatrical bill printer who2>lays the most impor tant part in bringing to public notice, through pictorial representations, the chief actors and most important scenes in the coming play. Thousands of dollars are annually garnered into the treasury of the theatre directly through the artistic and skilful designs and workmanship of the many colored triumphs of the printers ' art as are exhibited without money and without price upon the dead walls and deader rences that meet the eye in all direc tions ." Wm. Marshall, of 'The Lorg nette Job Printing Office, obtained the highest award for show and colored block printing at the S.vdney Inter national Exhibition 1879-80 ; and Melbourne International Exhibition, 1880-81, White Lie, — A Frenchman politely < defined a white lie to be "valking , round about de troot." We have much pleasure in directing ' he the attention of our readers to an ( advertisement in another column, set- . ting forth the merits of Steel's Chronic ' Cough Lozenges, infallible in their . effect. We advise our readers to try a box of them. ( The attention of our lady readers- ( is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and < quilting in all kinds of materials is , done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. ( They are bIbo desired to inspect some , of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at, the same depot, ( Attention is directed to the pros- j pectus of Bridges' art-union, published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- ' tribution of prizes, from £1000 down i to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this affair. < Gem Portraits.— The young lady | who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has ' since been identified through a gem < portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- 4 prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- | street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one 1 that was taken at his studio about a t month ago. 