IT'EMS OP NE WS . The shipment of frozen meat taken to London by the Protos has . arrived in good condition. The agents in Melbourne received the following telegram from London yesterday Protos arrived; meat in splendid- condition.. Butter uncertain." A fatal accident occurred at Maldon on Thurs day to a young man named Samuel Goon, while working in an alluvial tunnel. . His brother had gone out with a truck, and found upon his return that deceased was buried under a fall' of earth. He was not. long in releasing him, but deceased after being" reached only breathed once or twice. At the Chewton Police Court on Wednesday, before the Mayor and Mr E. Shields, the fol- lowing cases were adjudicated:— Simon Pen- glase was summoned by the police for selling ale on Sunday, but there not being sufficient evidence he was dismissed. William "Hooper was fined 5s for drunkenness, and 5s for assault ing the police, with damages 5s. , , In our issue of Thursday we noticed a sensa tional runaway of three horses at Maldon, that wore in a trap of Messrs Watson and Go. \ This did not .finish the injuries, for according, to re port, when' the same three spirited horses were on their way to Melbourne, the leader bolted twice, seemingly as if it had ..not : overcome the- fright it got at Maldon. The result- of this was disastrous, as the two other horses were -killed, and the driver had his collar bone broken. The Carnival art union will be drawn at the Orderly-room on Monday evening. The com mittee have inoreased the number of : prizes to 220, and there are a- few tickets yet unsold, which may be_ obtained at the shop m Barker- street, to-night, whore the prizes are on view. The first prize being ten sovereigns, and the tickets- but one shilling, the chance of obtain ing the principal prize will bo a temptation for purchasers. The. -young, man Barnes wlio, was taken in charge by the police for indecent exposure from a window in tho Parliamentary Library, was put on his trial at the Police Court, Melbourne, yesterday," and found guilty. The sentence of, three months' imprisonment was passed iiprin; him, but from this lenient punishment the police; magistrate dissented, as he considered a much more severe sentence should have been passed,' for ail offence so gross and so disgusting. Two dreadful mining accidents have occurred at-Sandhurst, the particulars of which will bo found in another column. In the one .at,. the Great Southern Co. ori Thursday, two men were killed, in the other which happened yesterday morning at the- New Chum Consolidated' Co., five men were so seriously injured that it is feared two of them may not -survives Mr Thomas Shepherd was at. one time manager of the Oastlemaine. Paying Co., and left that for the charge which has accidentally been so afflict-' ing to him. His; connection irith (.lie mine was' in a pecuniary aspectvory ! profitable to -hfrnq-h6J being said to have accumulated a good (leal of money ""through his confidence in the mine in ducing hiin to purchase a large number of shares. : A destructive bush-fire broke out at Limestone Creek on "Wednesday, which destroyed a good deal of property, but was fortunately beat out by the aid of many willing hands before it caught: the" homestead of Mr Gibson. Its origin is clearly' traceable to tho sparks coming from the locomo tive that passed in the morning at 10.45, ori its way from Oastlemaine to Maryborough. The! gross was seen- to ignite in a paddock belonging! to Mr Spinks, and such was the rapidity with' which it travelled that in less than a quarter of an hour it reached the farm of Mr Gibson burned '40 acres puss, the barn, the stable, a stack of hay, men s liut, farming .implements and tools, ! valued in all about L3UU. Scarcely had the fire: been seen till neighbours, coming in from; all directions to the number of from fifty to sixty,: gave willing and arduous assistance, beating out; the flames with buslies and wet sacks. Nothing; but great and unflagging efforts on their part saved the homesteadpTind wheat crop from being consumed. There was no water available on the laian, ana arinKing -water has now to be carted by Mr Gibson frouv tho creek, distant lialf-a- mile. Upon the sain A day the locoriiotive passing at noon for Castlemaino sent out sparks from the tunnel that set fire to Mr Kennedy's place, and burned lialf-aiijacre of grass close to the tacks. - Some time ago ifc. was mentioned that it was the intention of the'AMinister' of -Lands to close up the land office in Gastlemaine, and transfer its business to Sandhurst. The Borough Council having pointed out the iuconvenience such an alteration will occasion, the Minister of Lands . has had their remonstrances under consideration since, but nothing has been heard further from him. On Thursday, however, Mr Watson,. the land officer, who has been thirteen years! in the Lands Department, got a notice that his services will not be required after the 28th of next month, and the messenger, Mr O'Leary has been similarly notified. In conjunction with these re movals, a paragraph appeared in tho Bondigo Advertiser of yesterday that gives a forecast of some of the changes which have been determined upon. It states that the Minister of Lands, ac companied by Mr Wallis, secretary for agricul ture, paid a visit to Sandhurst on Wednesday ; and that he has now decided to dispense with the lands offices at Oastlemaine, Echuca, and Dunolly, and the Sandhurst office will be the central one. Mr Gillicuddy, chief officer at Sandhurst, has received notice of dismissal, to take effect on the 28th February. All these alterations indicate a material change, the exact boundary and nature of which has yet to bo divulged. Though Mr Watson and Mr O'Leary) have received notice to quit at Oastlemaine, Mr Martin and Mr O'Leary, junr., in the same office, llflVA fACfti Vrtfl nn nnMi nnfi A young man named Baylis, who arrived at Grenfell by Cobb's coach, on Thursday, died from sunstroke almost immediately after getting out of the coach, which was an open vehicle. A destructive fire occurred on Thursday at the farm of Mr Mark Phillips, at Murchison. A barn, a reaper and binder, a valuable young oolt and some farming implements were destroyed. A large stack of liay was also consumed. During the thunderstorm on Thursday night the new Commercial Bank at Kiama was struck by lightning which shattered the chimney and a portion of the wall through which it escaped. Three workmen were in the huildinrmt tho One was knocked 6ft. from the bell-wire by which the fluid was convoyed from the chimney. Jas. Skews, the manager of the Gem Tin Com pany, Stannifer, Inverill, New South Wales, died on Thursday from the effects of an accident. He was down the shaft, aud a timber prop was in cautiously thrown down and crushed his skull. The jury at the inquest 'recommended the lower ing of props with ropes in /uture. f I'-; ' ' Mr Service leaves for Englfthd by the outgo-. ing mail of March 2. At the recjiifest-of hit Par- , lirittientary friends Mr Services- Will retain his j seat in the Assembly until the eve of his depar- | turo. A trial of rock-borei's Is to take place on the 26th inst. , when all the borers and air conipres- I sors in the Exhibition will be tested. As England, i France, America, Gormarty, and Victoria are re- ' presented, the contest will doubtless excite an in ternational interest. A fire occurred on Wednesday on Mr Jas. Kerr's farm, about tliree miles from Gisborne by which he sustained the loss of three stacks of liay and a Small quantity of grain, which lie esti mates to be worth L200. The fire happened through the carelessness of one of his men smoking. A telegram from Wagga Wagga, on Thursday says : — " A fire is raging at Cobbagumbalin sta tion, a short distanoe from Wagga. At twelve u uiuun witetueneu wie.nuusb xiib leuuco woio destroyed, together with a large quantity of grass, &c.; The next station at one time was in great jeopardy. Scores of willing hands went out to render assistance, also the fire brigade with their engine, to protect the houses.. The fire is still raging, and presents an awfully grand appearance from Wagga." The wags have (the Warmambool Standard; states) got hold of another joke at Mr Mirams' expense in connection with the recent visit of; the Victoria. It is said that on the first night Mr Mirams had some difficulty in finding a berth ;> and was making enquiries, when, a.'yoice was! heard exclaiming, Here's a berth, Mirams ! "I " Where 1" said the member for Collingwood. j " In my boots 1 " was the reply. It need scarcely i be iiiid that the Voice proceeded from the honour- able and gallant Major. i A narrow escape from drowning occurred at I Coiidah on Tuesday last. A young gentleman! residing there accidentally fell into a large dam a short distance from the railway, station. An aboriginal ran into the station ; in an excited manner and told Mr Bar tor the stationmaster, a man was drowning ill the darn. Mr Barter ; immediately jumped on a horse that was tied ! to the railway fence and ro'de over as quickly as ; possible,; being just iri tMe to 'save' the young ; mail. - ... ----I;, j ' | A terrible accident occurred - oil; , Thursday : morning some twenty-three miles from Echuca, i on; the New South Wales side of the river. A man, named / Richard" . Davis, . wKo'.'trayels from ; station to station with a threshing machine, was i driving tho engine along the road,: when by some ; means he fell, and the wheels passing .over his | body crushed liim terribly. ' He waS hrobght to Echuca for. medical aid, but it being i-'found that his ribs were broken he was at once forwarded to the Sandhui'st Hospital. He- died at half-past +.wa1va n'nlnrlr The calm and philosophical .indifference with which a Maori' faces' deatti (observes a New Zea-' land jiaper) ha3 no better illustration than a re mark which fell from .Tuhi, the, Opuhaka mur derer. ,The night preceding his execution, as he was impatiently and restlessly pacing his cell, as though anxious for the moment which should disclose to him the " great secret the atten dant warder earnestly advised him to take a -little rest. " No matter;" replied the doomed convict, " I'll have plenty of that to-morrow. " . Peter Campbell, the bush tnissionary, is deeply concerned about the moral tone and social status of the press of New South; Wales.; 'In , a recent lecture a,t Newcastle he prefaced His remarks on Spiritism by offering up a prayer of which the following words formed a portion, viz. , " We heartily beseech -Thee to' bless the press of New South Wiiles, and its publishers, editors, writers, and compositors. May it be TJiy will to increase and largely extend the intelligent. arid legitimate" power, freedom, and usefulness of the press ; and curb any occasional attempt on tlieir part to diverge from the groove of freedom into the channel of licentiousness. " ' — The Tasmanian delegat-as at .tho Intoroolonift Conference had the honour and pleasure of mak ing the 'journey between Hobart and Sydney ' in the fastest time on record. They left Hobart (says the Mercury) at 9 o'clock on Monday night, reaching Launceston in time to catch the Flin ders, wliioh sailed at G a.m. on Tuesday rnorn- iiig. _ A very quick passage was made across; the Straits, Hobson's Bay being reached at 3.30 a.m. on Wednesday. Tho delegates had a short time to rest, and' then started. pverland for Sydney at 7.25 a.m., arriving in that city a"t" 2.'55 a.m. oil Thursday. , Tho ontire distance from Hobart to y.d5®rtfiefgre,:traveUe'd.:iri 53j!'hours, ' including the stoppage in Melbourne. ; : iTlie body; Of1 an -elderly matt named '-PStlfiHc' O'Hallorau was found on Thursday morning m a waterhole at the eiul of Goomalibee-street, Ben- alla. His -wife nnsiedjliiiri from the house, and, on going out saw sohle"bf his clothes lying on the ; bank near the hole. The body was then discovered in the water by Mr Sturgeon, a neighbour. The deceased lias been a resident of Berialla since; 1852, and was for some time secretary to the local mechanics' institute. He hail been"! -'suffer- 1 ing from illness for months past, and" > was sup posed to be wandering in his lnindL He was 84 years of age, and much respected in the locality, j or pat sympathy is felt for , the! family. At the inquiry the : verdict returned ' was ." Found drowned. " ; . A correspondent of the Ingleivood Advertiser writes " In the Quambatook district a Mr; Rattray'stripped 160 acres for two bags of wheat. ; The whole extent of this ground was ploughed and sowed, and gave every indication ; in the , early part of the season of a fair crbp,twh!en the rabbits attacked it in myriads, devouring every . blade in their progress of destruction save a small patch standing in the centre of the field, from which the return above quoted was received. Nothing but absolute ruin is imminent for those located in these rabbit-infested districts unless the Government immediately comes to the rescue, and by prompt suppressive measures relieves them from tho greatest plague the farmers in the mallee country have to contend against." A man was arrested at Eganstown on Wednes day morning charged with setting fire to J. W. Mayson's stable. The man (says the Dayles ford Advocate) was drinking at Mayson's Hotel, and having got rather too much liquor Mr Mayson put him. into, the stable and' shut the door. The man took offence at this, and said he would set fire to the place. In about five minutes the fellow walked into the bar and wanted to fight Mr Mayson, who then looked towards the stable to see if all was right, when he saw a large volume of smoke issuing from the ; door and windows. Fortunately there were seve ral people about at the time, and a plentiful sup ply of water enabled them to prevent much dam age. A very gross case of cruelty to animals occurred . in Sturt-street, Ballarat, on Thursday, a farmer livilli' at Bunparnn hniitir rannSi il. - -l .. c dragging a cow, attached by its horns to the rear of a vehiclo, down the street. The animal (says the Star) objected to the manner in whioh.it was conined, but was compelled to move onward with tho vehicle, until it was thought by the by- stauders I hat the horns would bo torn off the poor animal's head. She fell several times, and was dragged along the metalled road, and was considerably grazed. Mr Honry Glonny, J.P. , interfered, and had the oow liberated, at the same time directing a constable to tako the name of tho offender, with a view to future proceed ings against him for liis cruel notion. Mr Patterson, Minister for Railways iu Vic- toria (says tne Meddler" in Sydney Mail) de serves a statue. Nover in tho history of responsible government in Australia, or, perhaps in any other country, has a Cabinet Minister yielded his patronage, and handed over tho power of appointing to the Government service to his subordinate. Mr Patterson commenced this salutary oliahge in tho Post Office when Postmastor-General, and he baB been testimonial-; i ized and thanked by the employees of that do- patltneiil for llhifillg framed regulations which ensure the fair protnotiOn of the officials thore. Will Mf Berry follow his : colleague's example? That is the question. It is a sacrifice that ouu hardly be expected from a Minister with such a decided leaning to nepotism. To be able to provide. fur brothers, cousins, and uncles, and a. host of friends out of the public funds is some thing not to be lightly thrown away we admit, especially when ho who has that power is im pervious to public criticism oil -flagrant abuses of patronage. But on the other blind, what a relief it mtist be when a Minister is beset. by hordes of hungry applicants for office for them selves or their friends, to be able to point to regrilations which even he cannot set aside of Iub own free will. If Mr Patterson's decision is adopted by the rest of the Cabinet, thore will be rip more Black Wednesdays ; tio irihriufacturirig of billets, especially for political partisans ; no pitohforking incompetont relations over the beads of deserving and competent servants of III© puulic WHO HUVtJ UiUJiOU uy UIOIL faithful services ; no sweeping away of Oivil servants who have rendered themselves obnoxi ous to some caddish Minister by asserting a com mendable independence, with a proper respect for those above them. Verily, the Oivil Ser vice millennium is at hand in Victoria, and we say again. Mr Patterson. deserves a statue, even for the. attempt to reform the abuse of patron- age. - ' 