S News and Notes. / The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu ) is giving his charming drawingroom ( entertainment at St. George's Hall ) nightly, assisted by his daughtet, Miss S Daisy Silvester! Miss Emelier Reau- V. IIlOQuj ouU lUoUnlll" DllvtSoLClj rtloU lul ) Lacie (ventriloquist) and Mr J. Sum- ) mers Brown, The entertainment is t highly spoken of by all who have ) witnessed it, the entranced lady (Miss S Daisy Silvester), the ventriloquial r efforts of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of ) the Fakir, and above all the beautiful k fairy fountain, elicit universal admi- ( ration. I Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that v he has removed his mNsic studio to ' those handsome premises situate near ) Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where there is a large hall and every con venience for students of the vocal art. . American Waltham Watcheb were awarded tlie' Only Two First I PwMO of. fVia MolVinuTmn TnAtmnfDivial . Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher awards than any other Exhibitor of > Watches received, y The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled ) Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, \ opposite Waxworks, . We feel it our duty to call attention ' to the New Davis Vertical Feed ) Sewing Machine, which has carried . off the only first prize at the Mel- ' bourne International Exhibition. ) Some of the competitors, however, . were not satisfied with the awards, ) and protested. The Experts, how- ) ever, upheld the decision and gave the first prize for their Family Ma- t chine and the same for Hand. Messrs | W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth street, are the sole agents, and in- 1 tending purchasers and those interest- I ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-succesBful machines. 1 We have received from Mr P. G. Dixon samples of sodawater made from water specially brought from Mount Macedon. The sodawater is excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly dis- cernable in sodawater or other cordials made from the filthy Yan Yean. We have also received from Mr Dixon a sample of the Mount Macedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, after having for some time to put up with the beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Portraits.— The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the remnants, Mir Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. A very pleasing novelty was intro duced by Mr Alfred Farr, of the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill; on Saturday last, in the shape of a Spefeial Show, which attracted an immense amount oil at tention. Crowds of people wended their way to the Drapery Hall, and all seemed well pleased with their visit, As the establishment was well patronised during the day, and quite full all the evening, the proprietor must have been highly gratified with the result. We understand that a repetition of the above is to take place next Saturday, May 7th, when if any of our iriends wish to see a splendid display if drapery, in. all its variety of styles, marked at what appeared to us as ridiculously low prices, we think they cannot do bet ter than take a walk as far as the Great Drapery Hall, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill. We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drmk, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It should prove a very desideratum to " the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. Matrimony. — Never were sucli / great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A ( comfortable house may bo furnished / for you, with every requisite to make Jiome happy, by simply calling upon ( Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth > street, who will arrange with you S to pay him say five shillings per week ( out of your earnings, and he will give J you in return whatever furniture you \ require to build up a home Why r delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks ami J get married at once. S Attention is directed to the pros- ( pectus of Bridges' art-union, |published J elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- t.ribution of .prizes, from £1000 down / to £20 in value. Speculators cannot ) do better than invest in this legitimate ( affair. ( A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— ) We would direct the attention of our ( readers, to the valuable prizes offered ( by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, ) the drawing for which is positively ( fixed for the 31st inst, The published / list of gentlemen who have kindly ) consented to superintend thc.drawing C is a sufficient guarantee to the public / that everything will be carried out on \ the great Masonic Principle — " on the C square." To those who believe in the / old proverb — Nothing venture no- ) thing have— should lose no time in ( securing their tickets, which may be / had j at the office, next Royal Mail S Hotel, Bourke-street east, I 