k News and Notes. J xne jamr ox uoiu upeiieu iu a C crowded house at St. George's Hall r on Saturday evening last, his won- I derful illusions and beautiful en- k tramcement scene eliciting the' warm- r oof. AnfhnRiftqm. I Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that k he has removed his mmsic studio to r those handsome premises situate near 1 Russell- street in Latrobe-street, where C there is a large hall and every con- ( venience for students of the vocal 1 art. C American Waltham Watches / were awarded the Only Two First 1 Prizes at the Melbourne International C Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher / awards than any other Exhibitor of S Watches received. C We have received from Mr P. G. ) Dixon samples of sodawater made \ from water specially brought from f Mount Macedcn. The sodawater is ) excellent, and is of course free from k that nauseating taste so clearly dis- f cernable in sodawater or other cordials ) made from the filthy Yan Yean. We \ have also received from Mr. Dixon a r sample of the Mount Macedon water, J . which it is quite a treat to drink, after k having for some time to put up with r the beastly stuff supplied by the j Public Works Department. ) Gem Portraits. — The young lady f who, while out sketching near Lome, / was burned to death by a bushfire, has \ since been identified through a gem t portrait being found amongst the y remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- y prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio abont a month ago. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, 'published elsfewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair. We have much pleasure in directing the the attention of our readers to an advertisement in another column, set ting forth the merits of Steel's Chronic Cough Lozenges, infallible in their effect. We advise our readers to try a box of them. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he. will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? . Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once, We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drmk, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It should prove a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in" all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the Bame depot. 