.u.'l . £jANNIBkLH'INi'EUROPEiv T i Captairi-, igi.ij s ch'w.e er s, f j , ,6. f ffj " hamburg! riteamship'jtbeb'gs/ arrived' iu Hamburg bri'Augus't the"26thA from i tho western coast of South Americty, has brought i with him a qtrange-'Iiumqn cargoO During his! paBsage-.)- through sithe.iiMagellan Straits he ob-i tairie'd i eleveb'-'YFeuerlanders " — four men, four - women;' arid' three- bhildreri— verifabla eahnibkh. i Seme 'diffiquitiea'had td'be-rivei'obm'ei befbt-'e'"ile ! . s!'ttnd'9rtiik'a vjjlyigh t<> j Eurripo,..andIithe1.''ff8blem7-m.rto';'lHe!lfo,ba'jon j thai passage "wa'slalso' the cause ofa good deal of anxiety, as!:it: 'was- 'impossible to . lay in a stock of, eomeCkibdred tribes? forTtheir sus-j tenance.- : The captain roporlB tbat ho waaFighly i satisfied vvith th'oirehavioutaspass'erigeVs.' At i first he.lai .ordiBary,,ggbkedf.meat;be(t3re them, '< but thS'HVliole ' bomany 'Aibkbrie,di5lrffiKereupon; they, were providedwithraw flesh, and they re-! covered theirjvnormrif'ritate ofhealth. They: were o ff e r e'd't a if o wtria rid le s , at'firit"in fun, but they regarded this 5grt?of|food as a very choice ! European delicacyjaud-ihe women invariably made their children parfakeof it. All the mem-! bers of this/ouriousloompany qhowed a re markable oapaeity for5 earning, Jand acquired a number of Germarijjand Spanish words and sentences wi.tli facility',' arid employed them to good purpose. ' The visitors are to be sent to Paris first, yliereRheyfwiU beSexhibited— or will exhibit thomsolybsjjto,. should, i perhaps, rather say — to their 'civ.iiiaedbretUreri in1' the Jardin d'Acclimatation. . They aro next to be for- in that.oity they 'will make; the. tour of the great cittosrif'Euope)? !',''! " . itr - .1, » . " 'IAri'Ri.-AA'cuHbui'tide'itiriiof ti miner.) having found a reef of extraor diiiary 'richness cronping out of the surface' while prospeotirig in the mailed, in the'neighbbnqhood of St. Arnaud; ;'Hav- ing.brokdn off .a cori'sidqi-able number! of specimens, he tied:his handkerohief : to a branch of. the mallee, and worltod'his' way! rio the open country, breaking branches of the. malice its he w«it,"to;;lealie>a't¥ndl, so us" to find the.-placo when he ; bame <baok) to mark out 'a- claim:-"' Unfortunately a bush-fire; oo- currqd uokt day, , which destroyed . bis : trail','vand burned -his' handkerohiof. ' The- oousequehoe ! was, ho lost the woalth'that - was within his grasp, for lie nover found the reef again,' arid;, it"is ' Still - hidjen in the' malffie, , to; be. again 'discovered by some mora - lucky) prospector.', But 'fpr!!thb' "rioh ; specimens he had brought away with - him, " the story-pf the -rioh reef -in tho inatloe would never have beeii beliqved,.' It " is' likely, to remain 'long hiddon, for iri places it is almost impossible to foroo. ono's' way tbrocghtho malice. AThis'is-hot -owing) so much to tho density of the scrub as to. the pre- 1 sonco of a parasitical plant whioh, grows on themal- leo tops, and clambers along from one brauoh to another, binding thhm all up in a network; through which every yard of the way must be but. An Apparent Anomaly Explained.— Persons ap. porently in the possession of vigorous health are fre- - quently unable to undergo even 'a slight amount of oxertion. This disability is usually the . result of; local weakness. When it exists, physical, effort i speedily brings -on,- qxbaustipn; ; In; order to supply this want of local strength, arid to iiripart the requi-! bite. power and suppleness to musoles naturally weak usbUboLPUo wolre's Souibdam Aromatic schnaits Advice to, Motuers I — Aro, you brokon iri your rest, by a sick cltild' suffering with tho. , pain, .of., cut ting tooth ? Go at oncQ to ,the choiriist and' get a bottle of Mrs. Wikslow's Sootuino Syrup. It will relieve )tlio poor sufferer imritbclirit'ely.' It is perfectly ..harmless aud pleasant , to taste, it pro- duces '-riri turpi, quiot /eleop, by'roliqving the'onild from pairi),arid thqlittfb cherub awqkes.;', as'bright as q, button)" It.'qddtl(es the child, iV sqftbnq' jflie funis, allays all pain) rolidves'wirid, fegulatosthq owels, is te hfgt rknf . rbfflfldy. fori "(Tys<& tery arid ffiarrhma' whether arising from' toothing or other oausos, Mrs, Viasloiy's Soothing Syrup is sold by MqffioinoRqrilbrs -everywhere nt Is lid I ft bOttfe,'"ay'"' 