TRENTHAM. (BROX ONA OWN UOBEESPSNDEST. ) Tuesday. Thanks to the energy and tact displayed by Constable Brophv who has charge of th-i statiou here, assisted by Constable Harris, we have passed over the quietest harvest time we have had for many years. Not that we have lacked the larrikin element, or that the supply of loafers and cadgers has fallen short iu the least, for I never remember being so importuned before for a drink, a match, a bit of breal and mea.t, an onion, shakedown, &c.;, &c.;, but the constant patrolling of the officers through most of the day and at times all night, and their evident determination to stand no nonsense being mide manifest to our visitors, group after group bewailed the altered state of things, and with evident marks of disappointment on their faces indignantly turn their backs upon us and bade U3 farewell—-we trust never to return. The weather continues very hot, with no sign of the much-needed rain. Crops that promised so much in the field are, I am sorry to say, threshing out badly, being much lighter thau was anticipated. Potatoes in placeB are withering away for want of moisture, and unless some "soon makes lis appearance there will be no necessity for the digging of pits,for the next crop. • - Large bush'fires are raging south and west of the township, and I am sorry to add Mr James Lyon has sustained another severe loss -by a large portion of his tramway being destroyed. The light sentence passed upon the man Frawley, who was found guilty of perjupy at the Sandhurst sittings last week, has created amongst those who know the man, and the merits of the gise, a feeling almost amounting <o disgust. If the fellow had been charged with committing perjury with a view to screen himself from punishment-, people: could have understood the leniency of the court in sentencingliim to three months' imprisonment only. What are the simple facta of the case? Some eight or nine years ago Frawley, fop valuable consideration received, signed a coifveyjjnce of a piece of land in favor of Mr Ewing, q,nd now attempts to re-possess it by swearing that Mr Ewing forged his name, and had him ^Tested, and yet for thus attempting to rob Mr gwing aud for perjury, Frawley is let off with three ujontiiB' imprisonment. Mr Ewing has been amongst ifs nearly 20 years, and half of the time has been a njagistratei For some years he has been a member of the Kynetonshire Council, and for some time Ęlled the presidenlal chair. The failure of the attempt njade by Frawley hgg given great and gegaral satisfaction, and Mr Ewing may rest assured that he is still held in the Tery highest esteem by all who have the pleasure of his ^cquaintance. . A petition, with 6000 signatures, i$ abqut to be presented to Parliament praying for the investigation »ud report.by.a. competent eno-.— \- . -ułumuer scneoie before the Gowhment ig $iuJfr'%ominifitjad to the Projpiot Mheme, ^ ^ 