COUNTRY NEWS. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) ALEXANDRA, WEDNESDAY. A case of sheepstealing against George Webb, a selector at the Acheron, occupied the Bench all day. Two informations were laid, one against Thomas Webb, upon which Senior constable Irvine searched the premises of the defendant, George Webb. Finding by some means he had made a mistake, another information was then laid, and a summons issued. The defendant's solicitor objected to anything being said in evidence about the warrant, but this the Bench overruled, and the evidence went on this alone. One infor mation was produced, and the constable said it was the only one. The clerk of courts proved that there was another, but it was a clerical error upon which the search-warrant was issued. The defendant was committed for trial. ECHUCA, WEDNESDAY. The Bishop of Melbourne preached at Christ Church to-night. The weather is still very hot. HAMILTON, WEDNESDAY. Splendid thunderstorms occurred here this afternoon, which appear to be general. About an inch and a half of rain fell at Hamilton, extinguishing the bush- fires, which were previously raging in all directions. Two men have been arrested at Caramut or incendiarism. Mr. Howell, of Coulter and Howell, has re urned to Hamilton, after the competitive rial of Mount Abrupt freestone versus Tas manian, and brings with him the following certificate :— "Melbourne, March 17. "I hereby certify that I have this day tested by hydraulic pressure a 6in. cube of the Mount Abrupt stone and that there was no sign of fracture when a weight of 60 tons was applied ; this test being con sidered sufficient for all practical requirements. At the same time, the Tasmanian stone, from Oke hampton exhibitor Mr. Robinson, was tried and the 6in. cube from this quarry broke down crushed very badly, with a weight of 60 tons. (Signed) "W. HARRISON, "Clerk of Works, St. Paul's Cathedral." Mr. Thomas Cumming is meeting with good success in his preliminary canvass for the Western Province. MARYBOROUGH, WEDNESDAY. At a meeting of the trustees of the Mary borough Grammar school, held this after noon, Mr John M'Coll, B.A., was appointed head master. The weather still continues excessively close and oppressive. Very general com plaints are made by people from the sur rounding country concerning the lengthened drought. KOROIT, WEDNESDAY. It is feared a fatal accident has occurred to an old resident, Edward Moran, at Mailor's Flat yesterday. He was driving a young horse in a buggy, when the animal bolted, Moran's head striking with sufficient force to fracture his skull. No hopes whatever are entertained of his recovery. LANCEFIELD, WEDNESDAY. The races yesterday were well attended, and everything passed off pleasantly It ia considered to have been the most successful meeting ever held here. Although the potatoes are looking well, it is feared that unless rain soon comes the crop will be light. The weather during the week has been ex ceedingly hot for this season of the year, and water is getting scarce. The railway works are being pushed on vigorously, and it is anticipated that the line will be opened for traffic in two months. SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY. The adjourned inquest on the body of the man Jacob Schafer, who on Sunday week shot and injured the young woman Priscilla Hillier, and subsequently shot himself, was resumed to-day. The evidence of the woman had to be taken at the hospital, as she was not sufficiently recovered to permit of her being removed. A verdict of suicide whilst of unsound mind was returned. 