) News and Notes. C Two Gold . m kdals awahded J American Wai.tham Watches ; \ the only 'nedn.ls ; awarded to Exhibit- V of W'rf 'b '; ' 'plhoiVrne Interna-" s tional 9'xbihjf.inn. 1880. All genuine \ W'Otharn 'Vap-hes have the trade ( mark;- ' tV'aTt.ba'm,' Mass.)" engraved ) on the plain of ibe, watches. S The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; \ Tea, Coffee'. Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled ( Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, ) opposite 'Ynxworks. \ We. roti e by' announcement eise- ( where that Mr' E. Davis, who has so ) successfully managed Muskett's book \ and stationery business for the past / six year's, has now taken the same in- ) to his own hands. He has opened up \ a splendid stock of fancy goods, icc„ / suitable for preshntg. He has also an assortment of over 20,000 of French's V acting editious of Plays. Opera House / tickets (D.O. excepted) can also be ) obtained at this house. \ _ The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our . ) advertising columns that kilting and \ quilting in all kinds of materials is ( done by the yard at the most mode- ) rate rates at 79 Elizabeth < street, \ They are also desired to inspect some r of the most improved ki)tihg:mchirics, - ) which are on sale at the sarim' depot, ) Matbimony. — Never were snch- \ great advantages- held out to young' r people te marry as the prenent. A ) comfortable' house' may be furnished \ for you, with every requisite to. make ( home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr Henry Marks, of . 186 Elizabeth v street, who will arrange..; with you ( toi pay him say five shillirigs!.per week' ) out of your earnings;1 and he will give ( you in return whatever furniture you ( require to ' build up- a home Why V delay? Go and isde Mr' H, Marks and C get married at once. r Gem P0BTBAiTS.--The young lady ) - who, while out sketching near Lorne", ) was burned to death; by a bushfire, ha«. r since been identified through .a gem ) portrait , being found . amongst the v remnants. Mr Edelsten.y the i pro- r prieter of the Gem Studio, Collins-,. ) street east, opposite, Age, Office, has ) since recognised the -portrait as one ( that was taken at his studio abont a ) month ago; 