TUMUT NEWS. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] MAGISTERIAL INQUIRY. An inquiry was held at the Court House on Sat- urday last, before Mr. E. O'Mara, J.P. Sergeant Zoellner called George Hoad, jun., saddler. The witness deposed that the body he and the others had just seen, was that of his late wife, who died about ten minutes past three o'clock the previous morning. The deceased was a native of Goulburn, and 26 years of age at her death. Last Sunday morning she was about to be confined, and he went for Mrs. Davis to nurse his wife. The child was born before Mrs. Davis came, about 3 o'clock on Sunday morning. After her confinement his wife was sometimes very well, and occasionally not so well. On Thursday afternoon she took a change for the worse; told Mrs. Davis he would like to get the opinion of a medical man; his wife seemed to be sinking; Mrs. Davis said there was no occasion, it was an unnecessary expense, if anything serious was the matter she would give him notice. He insisted upon hav- ing a doctor, and sent a messenger for Dr. Lynch, but Dr. Lynch had met with an accident and could not come. He replied if Mrs. Davis would send him a written statement about the patient he would prescribe. Mrs. Davis wrote a letter which he took to Dr. Lynch, and also explained, as well as he was able, his wife's condition. He got a prescription from Dr. Lynch who said it was a great trouble for him to write owing to his hand being injured, but bade him tell Mrs. Davis not to get flurried as there was no immediate danger, and to make no mistake about the small bottle containing the liniment, which had to be painted with a brush on the stomach. He twice gave Mrs. Davis the instructions. He sent his brother to Mrs. Cas- personn's to get the medicine, but as he was long away, witness went to see what detained him. He (witness) missed his brother, who got home with the medicine bofore him. When he returned the mischief had been done. He told Mrs. Davis, before the medicine came, that one bottle contained a liniment to be used externally, and the other a sleeping draught. Previous to his wife's death heard that Mrs. Davis had given her the medicine. After his wife took the medicine she was like a mad person, they had to hold her down. She appeared to be in con- vulsions, and that her tongue was swollen. When Dr. Lynch could not come he sent to Adelong for Dr. Agassiz who came about half an hour bofore his wife died. After he heard that his wife had taken the medicine, noticed both the bottles were empty. Had dark brandy in the house; don't think Mrs. Davis ever touched it. His wife previous to her confine- ment was in very good health. To Dr. Agassiz: For the first two daya after her confinement his wife had complained of the pains about lower part of her stomach, but not since. Frances Howard, wife of George Howard and sister to the deceased, deposed : Was present at Mr. G. Hoad, junior's residence yesterday morning, whan his wife died; had been there since nine o'clock the previous evening. Mrs. Hoad was very ill, off and on, all the time. Saw the medicine brought in, Mrs. Davis took it. Some of the liniment was applied on de- ceased's stomach with a brush. Afterwards Mrs. Davis took the liniment bottle away into next room ; a few minutes after she came in with a dose of the liniment in a wine glass, (instead of the sleeping draught), and gave it to deceased. Did not know what quantity de- ceased swallowed. When the glass was put to deceased's lips, witness, who was supporting her sister's head, remarked to Mrs. Davis, 'This has a very strong smell, are you sure you have the right medicine.' Mrs. Davis did not reply but went into the next room, and returned with a bottle which had contained sleeping draught. Some time afterwards Mrs. Davis put sleeping draught to deceased's lips; could'nt say if de- ceased swallowed any. After deceased had the glass containing liniment put to her lips, her mouth became blistered, and she seemed to be in strong convulsions. About half an hour after, saw both bottles empty. The liniment was only once applied externally. Deceased could speak well before Mrs. Davis gave the medicine. She could not speak afterwards. Providence Brownlie, wife of Alexander Brownlie, deposed: Was at Mr. G. Hoad, junior's residence from eight o'clock on Thurs- day evening until seven next morning. Mrs. Howtard and the nurse, Mrs. Davis, were there. Saw Mrs. Davis administer medicine to deceased ; saw the two bottles produced ; saw Mrs. Davis use the dark medicine; did not see her use the other; saw poultices applied to deceased; did not see the external application of the dark medicine. Witness was assisting to hold up deceased when Mrs. Davis gave the dark medi- cine; it was given in a wine glass; the deceased swallowed a little, and immediately went into convulsions, and continued so until she died. She spoke previously, though not well at times. After she took the medicine she sould not speak at all. About 3 hours after taking the modicine she died. Heard Mrs. Howard say to Mrs. Davis, when deceased was taking the medioine, ' Do you think you have given the right medi- cine, it smells very strong.' Couldn't say if Mrs. Davis made any reply. Mrs. Davis took the glass containing the dark stuff into the next room; did not know what she did with it. Elizabeth Davis, widow, monthly nurse, de- posed : Was sent for to attend deceased, Mrs. Hoad, on Sunday morning last, and stayed until she died at 3 a.m. on Friday morning the 21st inst; had given deceased medicine (viz., oil) on various occasions ; gave her medi- cine out of the bottle produced at 10 o'olock on Thursday night ; witness painted deceased first as directed ; afterwards poured some medicine out of the wrong bottle, and put it to her mouth ; saw it was too powerful, then found had used the wrong bottle ; the medicine was in the kitchen ; there was a light there ; can read, but not well without spectacles ; received verbal instructions from Mr. Hoad ; he told her not to be flurried, as there was nothing serious the matter; did not understand that his caution applied to the medicine to be given to deceased; he told her that one medicine was to paint on the stomach, and the other was to be drunk ; when witness found the medicine was too powerful she ran out ; as she was leaving the room Mrs. Howard said, ' It's very strong, do you think it's the wrong stuff ? ' finding out the mistake she had made, she threw the re- mainder of the dark medicine into the fire, rinsed and wiped the glass, and, pouring out the sleeping-draught into the same glass, returned with it to the room, and after a little while the deceased took it; the medicines differed in colour ; the liniment was dark; it was in the bottle produced ; (the bottle was labelled in large print, ' The Liniment— for outward use only; ' and contained directions;) she read the labels when the bottles were brought to her; the sleeping-draught was in the light-blue bottle produced ; the draught was a light colour ; deceased was very ill after taking the medicine; she was ill before she took it ; deceased could only speak indistinctly before she got the medi- cine ; at times before she got it she seemed quite right ; afterwards her mouth was blistered and her tongue swollen ; some time after she took the medicine she seemed better — she got soothed; they gave her some warm milk; noticed her tongue was swollen previous to giving the medicine; deceased had bitten it; didn't know how much of the liniment she swallowed; it seemed to catch her breath at once ; thought she had given the wrong medi- cine, and went to see ; called Mrs. Howard out ; she know Dr. Agassiz was sent for; did not send to inform Dr. Lynch what had occurred; didn't know why ; didn't think the case was serious ; didn't think Dr. Lynch's caution re- ferred to the bottles. Dr. E. B. Lynch deposed that Mr. Henry Hoad came to his private residence about 9.30 on Thursday evening ; wished him to go and see his brother's wife, the deceased ; told him he had met with an accident the previous Mon- day, and was unable to ride ; inquired who was with Mrs. Hoad; he replied Mrs. Davis, the nurse ; asked why he was not sent for sooner ; Hoad said they did not think that deceased was seriously ill, and the nurse was opposed to having any medical attendant; bade him tell Mrs. Davis to send a written statement of con- dition of patient, on which he would prescribe ; some time after Mr. G. Hoad, husband of de- ceased, came and brought from Mrs. Davis the statement produced; had long conversation with Mr. Hoad, and came to the conclusion that nothing very serious was the matter ; believed his wife was suffering from the effects of the heat of the weather, and excitement caused by the bush-fire ; gave him prescriptions for medi- cines — viz., a liniment (the directions on bottle produced were correct), and a soothing draught to be given as directed on the bottle produced ; witness cautioned Hoad three times about using the liniment, and said, if his wife was no better by 6 o'olock, to come again, and he would re- turn with him if he had to walk ; James Hoad came next morning, and astounded him with the news of the patient's death ; if, when the mistake occurred, he had been sent for, anti- dotal measures could have been tried ; if de- ceased took the liniment, she could not recover without medical aid; the aconite it contained was enough to kill six women, though for ex- ternal use it was perfetly safe. Lusitania Caspersonn, chemist and druggist, produced Dr. Lynch's prescription, and deposed as to preparing the medicine and delivering it to the messenger. Dr. Agassiz, legally qualified medical prac- titioner, residing at Adelong, deposed : On Thursday night last a man called Hoad came to him at Adelong, asked him to go to Tumut to see his brother's wife. Asked him was she seriously ill ; Hoad said he did not think any- thing serious was the matter, as his brother had on several occasions asked the nurse if she thought it was necessary to send for a medical man, and up to that time she stated it was un- necessary ; asked had they sent for Dr. Lynch, he said no. When he arrived in Tumut with Hoad, the deceased was in a very pitiable, he might say in a dying, condition; she had violent twitchings of the upper portions of the body ; asked the nurse if she had convulsions; the nurse said no, but some other woman in the room said she had; immediately after this con- versation the nurse said she wished to tell him something ; she requested all but one woman to leave the room for one moment ; she then said that she had made a dreadful mistake, that she had given the patient some liniment instead of a sleeping draught ; he immediately told her to get him the bottle, thinking a portion of the contents would be left, and that he might dis- cover some of the ingredients ; the bottle was shown him but it was empty, asked the nurse what had become of the rest of the liniment ; she said she had thrown it in the fire; told her it was very unwise to do such a thing; found the bottle had a very pungent smell of ammonia. After this, examined Mrs. Hoad's mouth; found the tongue in a very inflamed state, much swollen and irritated, the lips and mouth in the same condition ; tried to examine her throat but the tongue was too much swollen. Then ordered some oil to be placed upon her tongue. As there was much heat and turpidity about upper part of throat and chest, and great difficulty of breathing, applied hot bran poultices. In meantime had sent to chemist's for prescription of the linimont; on perusal found it contained aconite, and as deceased had shown symptons of aconite poisoning, went at once to chemist's and procured an emetic. Tried to administer it, but could not for the state of deceased month and tongue. Soon after this, stertorous breathing set in, and deceased died. Previous to her death she had a lucid interval, but could not articulate; then told her husband to take leave of her as she was dying. About a third of the contents of the liniment bottle would cause death. The tendency of the am- monia in it would be to produce suffocation. After viewing the body, from the swollen and turpid state of the face and neck, was still fur- ther convinced that deceased died from the effects of drinking a portion of the liniment. Mr. O'Mara, the presiding magistrate, who throughout the inquiry (as well as Sergeant Zoellner), had closely questioned the witnesses, said, he regretted the Coroner was not there in place of himself. In his absence he had done his best to elicit all the facts of this painful and serious case; it was his duty now to send the evidence down to the Minister of Justice, and he should do so without comment. It was for the Minister to decide whether further action should be taken in the matter. He would give the necessary order for burial. The inquiry lasted until the afternoon. The court was filled with spectators. Later in the day the funeral took place. It was numerously attended, the deceased having large family connections. The sad event has cast quite a gloom over the town. James Day won the running match against Thomas Dunn on Saturday afternoon. The latter ran well for about 100 yards. Tho dis tance was 150 yards. — Another match for £20 aside is shortly to come off between the victor (James Day) and William Carr. Dr. Lynch has recovered from the effects of his fall from his horse on Monday week. Our Police Magistrate, Mr. F. W. Vyner, has gone on a tour to Melbourao and Tasmania for the good of his health. [The remainder of the Tumut correspondence is unavoidably held over. — Ed.] 