' DISTRICT V?EWS. GGININ.--It is with great regret that I record the death of Mr. D. A. Jones, the fourth son of Mr. Thos. J. Jones, publican of this town. The unfortunate young man passed away last Monday, and his death, which ought to be a warning to many young men, was owing to an attack of acute in ternal inflammation caused by his bathing in the brook during the heat of the day while in a state of profuse perspiration. The de ceased was a general favourite with all who knew him, and his sudden death cast quite a gloom over the township. The funeral took place last Tuesday morning, and was very largely attended. The weather here has been dreadfully hot during the last few days, yet the whooping-cough seems to maintain its hold firmly upon the children in spite of the heat. There is a good deal of sickness about, and the want of a local medical man is much felt, there being no doctor .nearer than Perth. I hear that several of the leading settlers in this district have expressed their intention of going to Guildford next Tuesday to hebr Mr. Steere's deliverance upon the burning ques tion of the hour." All the people in this neighbourhood are strongly in favour of the Chittering route, as we arc all firmly con vinced that this line would be fur more hene ficial to the whole of the Eastern districts than would be the proposed direct line to York. March 12th.-Nothing worthy of mention has occurred here since I last wrote. The weather continues dreadfully hot, and bush fires are very prevalent, but no destruction to property has yet occurred. A memorial, in favour of the railway route vid Chittering, is in course of signature, and nearly all the settlers have signed it. A very large carpet snake has been killed at the Jandler spring, on the Guilford road, by Mr. J. Anderson's cart passing over it. It weighed 1 llbs. 8ozs., and measured a few inches over seven feet in length. March 19th.-Since I last wrote to you the weather has been fearfully hot and op pressive, and bush fires continue very preva lent, and they have done a considerable amount of damage to the fencing in the neighbourhood. I hear that Mr. Jas. Bur nett of Dandarragan has had his barn and stables totally destroyed by fire, together with a l1ge quantity of corn. Last Wed nesday a notice, signed by one of the mana gers of the Assisted School, was sent round to the parents of the children attending the school. ft notified that the undersigned would be happy to meet the parents at 8 p.m. on Thursday evening. Accordingly several of the parents assembled at the school, but after waiting outside for over an hour a mes sage was received to the effect that there would be no meeting that evening. The re sult is that the parents have determined not to send their children to the Assisted school any more, but to at once apply for a purely Government school. Talking of schools, I witnessed one of the pleasantest sights I have ever seen this week at Guildford, when the train arrived from Fremantle with the children of the Congregational Sunday School, who came up to spend a day picnic ing. The happy faces of the children, and their evidentdelightlat their outing, was a treat to witness. I hope the other churches will follow such agood example thusset them. By.the way, the want of a good Sunday School is much felt here. 