News and Notes. The Fakir of Oolu opened to a crowded house at St. George's Hall i on Saturday evening last, his won- . derful illusions and beautiful en hancement scene eliciting the warm- ( est enthusiasm. , Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that he has removed his music studio to < those handsome premises situate near . Russell-street in Latiobe-street, where ' there is a large hall and every con- | venience for students of the vocal art. ' American Waltham Watches < were awarded the Only Two First Prizes at the Melbourne International ' Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher | awards than any other Exhibitor of Watches received. ' We have received from Mr P. G, / Dixon samples of sodawater made . from water specially brought from ( Mount Macedcn. The sodawater is / excellent,- and is of course free from 1 that nauseating taste so clearly dis- ( cernable in sodawater or other cordials / made from the filthy Yan Yean. We j have also received from Mr Dixon a ( sample of the Mount Macedon water, ( which it is quite a treat to drink, after j having for Borne time to put up with ( the . beastly stuff supplied by the / Public Works Department. i Gem Pobtbaits,— The young lady \ who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has ) since been identified through a gem ( portrait being found amongst the / remnants, Mr Edelsten, the pro- ' prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- l street east, opposite Age Office, has v since recognised the portrait as one / that was taken at his studio about a j month ago. \ Attention is directed to the pros- / pectus of Bridges' art- union, (published j elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- ( , tribution of prizes, from £1000 down J to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do.better than invest in this legitimate ( affair, J We have much pleasure in directing S the the attention of our readers to an i advertisement in another column, set- J ting forth the merits of Steel's Chronic k Cough Lozenges, infallible in their r effect. We advise our readers to try J a box of them, % 