> News and Notes. Two Gold Mbdals awarded > American Waltham Watches ; 1 the only medals awarded to Exhibit ors of Watches Melbourne Interna- ' tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine I Waltham Watches have the trade mark, " Waltham, Mass.," engraved 1 on the plate of the watches. I The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d,; Tea, Coffee, Chooolate, Cocoa or Boiled Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, ; opposite Waxworks, , We notice by announcement else where that Mr E. Davis, who has so I successfully managed Muskett's book ) end stationery business for the past six years, has now taken the same in- > to his own hands. He has opened up . a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c;,, suitable for presents. He has also an ( assortment of over 20,000 of French's acting editious of Plays. Opera House tickets (D.C. excepted) can also be I obtained at this house. ; _ The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our ' advertising columns that kilting and t quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode- > rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. f They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, » which are on sale at the same depot. Matrimony. — Never were such ( great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A ) comfortable house may be furnished . for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week ) out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you ' require to build up a home Why ) delay .? Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. Gem Portraits.— The young lady > who, while out sketching near Lorne, . was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem I portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- I street east, opposite Age Office, has ' since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at hiB studio about a I month ago. 