London, Jan. 11. (from the argus correspondent. ) Mr Mitchell Henry, Home Rul e mem- ber for county Galway, resumed the debate in the House of Commons on the address in reply to the Queen's speech. In course of his speech he acquiesced in the expressed opinion that a reign of terror existed in Ireland. He thought that the Government had been illtreated in connection with Irish affairs, and he condemned the system of " Boycotting" that had taken place. Referring to the state of Ireland and the terrorism exist ing, Mr W. M. Johnson, member for Mallow, and the Solicitor-General for Ireland, likened the Irish National Land League to an octopus ; and LordHarting- ton, the Secretary of State for India, said that the league consisted of a baud of miscreants, who stifled the real feelings of Irishmen. The Home Rulers in the House cheered the references which were made to undetected crimes in Ireland. London, Jan. 12. The Earl cf Fife, captain of the gentle men-at-arms, who represented the Home Office in -the House of Lords, has resigned his appointment in Her Majesty's house hold. Mr A. Mactlonald, member for Stafford and a working man's representative, has been reproving the miners for making terms with the masters in connection with the Employers' Liability Act, which- passed Parliament last session, and which .imposes heavy penalties upon masters in the event of Their eznplot/ez sustacnin"- injury through their agents' neglect. A plot has been discovered to murder Mr Brad laugh, member for Northampton, whose claim to make an affirmation, instead of taking the usual Parliamentary- oath, created so much excitement last session. Count Harry Arnim, formerly German ambassador at Park, is in si. critical state of health. He .has ' Veen suffering f<-r fisrne time since kis prosecution by the German Government Edward Hanlan is in splendid form foi the :&pproacliing; -sculling contest witl: Elias 'Laycock, and is -daily practising on the river with Wallace Ross, the Ameri can seuller. Hanlan is backed to win the race at 4 to 1. Laycock is also in : good spirits, and he is very confident ef succezs. He is also in good coaditioa. The Earl of Kimberley, Secretary of .State for the Colonies, in replying to & deputation from the Peace Society', said that if the Boers desisted from their pre sent hostility to the British, a settlement of she Transvaal difficulty might be pos sible. . The Boers are pushing their cuccesaes, and have now captured Christiana,' "a township in the eastern portion of the Transvaal. The Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, in receiving a deputation which waited upon him in reference to the present state of affairs in Ireland, assured tliem of his belief that the measures which the Govern ment proposed to submit to Parliament for the pacification of Ireland and for the condition of the people would be found effective. London, Jan. 13. '-. The Home Rule party, of which Sir 1 5haw, M.P. for Cork county, is the leader, < have renounced Pamellism — that is, they i . — — ; — ; — ; — — — — — oppose the aims and objects of the ex treme party led by Air Parnell. General Ulysses Grant has denounced the Panama Canal sclu- me which is about . to be undertaken by Baron de Lesseps, : and advocated the Niearaguan project instead. London, Jan. 12. The market for colonial securities is weaker. Subjects for Charity. — On Wednesday last an aged couple (man aud wife) might have been seen loitering in tlie vicinity of the Beech worth Post-office, or seated upon the stone steps, during the greater part of the day. It appears that they had journeyed from Wangaratta, where they had resided for some months past, with a view to being admitted into the Ovens Be nevolent Asylum. on the recommendation of the Rev. "Father Egan. They had sold their bed and the few household gods which they were possessed of to raise the necessary amount wherewith to pay their railway fare, and were thereby rendered homeless and destitute. They haunted the business establishment of Mr James Ingram, the then President of the Benevo lent. Asylum, praying for admission to that institution, for which they were truly fit subjects ; but that gentleman distinctly told them that the utmost that could be done for tlieni was to procure the amount necessary to secure their return to Wan garatta, whence they could be forwarded rations from the Asylum. The poor old folks objected to such a course being pursued towards them, stating that they would rather go to gaol. It was a ciifltt fn tvifinicc ennli fluchhl. tion and the distress to which the subjects thereof had been subjected, by false hopes of relief having been held out to them, causing them to be thrown upon a town to which they did not belong. For the information of persons who may be inclined to make similar recommendations for admission to the Asylum, a3 instanced in the above case, we would bring under their notice the rule bearing on the sub ject, whicli reads as follows : — No applica tion for admission shall be received without the ordinary form being tilled up and signed by a duly qualified contributor, and no applicant shall be admitted into tlie asylum until sufficient time shall have elapsed from the date of the receipt of such application by tlie committee, in order to afford time for enquiry. The subjects of this paragraph were on Thurs day brought up at the police court an.l sent to gaol for a month, for having no lawful visible means of support. Cricket. — This ( Saturday )-aEternoon a match will be played on the Beecliworth cricket-ground between representatives of the local and Hurdle Flat Clubs, for the District Challenge Cup, at present in the possession of the Beecliworth Club, and for which the Hurdle Flat representa tives manfully, though unsuccessfully, con tended a few weeks since. Wickets will be pitched at half-past twelve o'clock ; aud to afford an opportunity of the game being played out-, we trust that no time will be lost in effecting its commencement. The following is tlie local team selected: — J. Miller, S. Whitehead, P. Burke, R. Hall, D. Ryan, J. W. Jones, Melutyre, E. Barbour, F. Brett, S. War ton and E. W. Smitiiers ; emergencies, Dobbyn and E. N. Moore. The Hurdle Flat re- nresentatives are H. MoAlieae. S Bii-hles E. Coulson, W. Wilberforce, J. McCarth- ney, P. Ryan, J. Finnic, C. Spencer, W. Allen, M. Wilberforce and C. Rudolph ; emergency, H. Downs. Air F. Yale will act as umpire, and Alastor AI. Fox as scorer. Arrangements have been made for a match between the 'Wangaratta and Albury clubs, to take place on the Wan garatta ground to-day (Saturday, loth inst). The local team will be chosen from the following : — Clarke, Hoail, Sandford, Docker, Poole, Docker, Chandler, Willis, Willett, Cawsey, Alarsden, Alunro, Burt, and AIcAliece. Play will commence at 12.30 sharp. Curious Railway Accident. — A seri ous accident occurred oil Wednesday on the Western line, near Parramatta. Three passengers were leaning out of a window, with their arms outside, when a train coming in the opposite direction, with a door open, swinging violcntlyj struck the three persons, breaking their arms. Beeciiworth Police Court. — On Thursday William and Alary Ann Bar- nett, a decrepit aged couple, of 85 and 04 years respectively, were brought before Mr Jas. Ingram, J. P., ou a charge of hav ing no lawful visible means of support. His Worship expressed his regret at hav ing to deal with so painful a case ; but he had no alternative but to send iliem to gaol for a month, without hard labour. However, he hoped that ere the expiry of that lime the new wing in connection with the Ovens Beuevolent Asylum would be completed, and two vacancies therebv oc casioned. The male prisoner expressed himself as being "very much obliged" to f hn KQiinn o/mlnn/in £1 T „ L _ A iin tuo aciitcuuts liiiiiULUU Up Oil liini and the wife of his bosom and sharer of his sorrows. The Fire ax the Stanley Sawmill. — In a previous issue we recorded tlie occurrence oil the night of the 5tli inst., or at an early hour the following mornincr, of a disastrous fire which totally destroyed the Stanley sawmills (with which was connected a quartz-crushing machine), the property of Messrs J ohn Langand Son. We' then stated that the property was insured for a sum of £1500 ; but have since been informed by Air Lang that the total amount of insurance effected was £1000 un the Norwich Union Company's office and that he estimates his loss at fully .£1500 ; the property destroyed beim- valued, at the lowest estimate, at £2500? It appeare that the fire was first noticed by the manager of the mill, Air -Baird, at-fwo o'c'-oclc on the morning of the Gih' and at that time about twenty feet of the shedinthev/icinity-cf the furnace, in front of which the fire is supposed to have first originated, had bsen consumed ; and there was then no snossihilitv -of eta.-. the progress of the conflagration, which i- totally destroyed the buildings and i. machinery erected at a great expense by the owners, who had spared no pains to: i bring it to a ;state cf perfection. The ; origin of the fire cannot be accounted for, as at midnight Air Baird visited the place and found everything .-.all right and no sign of fire. The catastrophe not only : affects the owners -of the anill — which was in full wort, and a number of important contracts were being carried out at -the' fame of its demolition — brut will pat fro serious Jncon.renienoe-. and loss several owners of reefs in the vicinity who were in the habit of having from th ue to time parcels of stone crushed th ere. We therefore- trust that much tine e will not' elapse ere the re-erection of the property is effected. Correction, — In our report of the pro ceedings of Wednesday's meeting of the committee of management of the I beecli worth and North-Eastern Agricultura land Horticultural Association it was st, ated that Air R. . Thomson was elected sec 're- I tary by, a majority of ,13 votes ; where, as that was the totals number' recorded io.vf him, which therefore give him a majority 1 1 S' on' 0vei" Mr A. Kyle, who secured | J the support of seven committee-men. | .t The Late Case of Drowning at Naran- dera. — From, the "Narandera Argus" i we learn the following particulars respect- i in< the death by drowning in the Alurrum- 1 - bidgee, at Narandera (and not Junee, as j stated), on the 6th inst., of Alattliew Mark ; Morton, aged 11 years, son of Air Alorton, ( of the firm of Fisliburn and Alorton, con- 1 tractors The unfortunate little fellow, in company with an elder brother and another, went fishing, who, boy-like, sud denly left their companion, and went for a bathe. The elder of the two boys, who could swim a few strokes, got out of his I depth, and Ms younger brother, who could not swim, seeing him almost in a drowning J condition, made a determined effort to assist him, but, getting out of his depth, 1 he immediately sank, and in the meantime 1 his brother was carried by the stream on 1 to tlie shallow ground. Assistance was at once rendered, and the elder brother was safely brought to terra jirmo, and it was not until he Iiad regained consciousness I that he was made aware of the fact that his younger brother was drowned in at tempting to save him. Muclv sympathy is felt for Air and Airs Alorton in their sad bereavement, which lias overtaken tliem so soon in the new year. Ovens District Hospital. —As at the meeting of the committee of management ol this institution to be held on Tuesday evening, 25th inst. , considerable interest will doubtless be taken in the selection of a resident- surgeon from among the nu merous candidates for tlie important position, we would therefore advise mem bers of committee and trustees to see that ' they liave secured to themselves the necessary qualification to enaoie t-nem to - record their votes, as set out in Rule 6 — - " That the annual subscription must in all cases be paid in advance for the current year, such year to be computed from the \ date of payment, and no governor or sub- ; scriber will be entitled to any privilege I ( until the subscription he paid." A Practical Clergyman. —The Right Rev. Dr Aloorliouse, the Anglican Bishop I of Melbourne, seems (observes our cor respondent) to have been fortunate in sending the Rev. Air Ycai to Bright. He appears to be the right man ill the right 1 place. For years no service lias been I lichl up the Buffalo River, or at Bar- 1 widvue. Air Yenl is not afraid of horse exercise am mg the hills, and held services up the liver and at iJ-irwi-.igve lately. At both places respectful and a'.t-'iitive coil- I gregarious a; tended. Tim lyverend gentle man purposes holding services at both places a:, least once a month. These scattered ilucfrs amongst, the hills require i<> lie cadiered occasionally into the fold ; ami to parents and children alike visits :v mi the pastors are I> -m-ii-bal. From Ih ijir, iWeptmknh. EuroLin and Alyrt-le- 1 f ed. 1 hear that Mr Yea' ami his wife are much esie.-ined : the f Liner for efficient. i.e -iiu ui nice of ih : duties of his sacred office, and the iarter for her courteous and kindly interest in all gic.il works in the extensive district in which her husband ministers. Wo y.ish him success : as his success in securing the attention and at- 1 teudance of his scattered flock will he to the advantage and to the benefit of society. True religion, and not merely lip religion, ever softens the asperities of life, and gives hope for a better for here after. Oxley Police Court. — On Thursday, lotii mst., herore mr \v. n. r oster, I P. AI., and Air Colin Gardnev, J.P., the Shire of Oxley proceeded against some fourteen ratepayers who had not paid up their rates. Some of these rates were owing since 1ST", others in 1870 and 1880\. Four of the parties summoned paid the amounts and costs : in each of the other cases, where the treasurer aud rate- collector had proved that none of the amounts had been paid in compliance with I the original orders made, the Bench made orders for distress wai rants to issue, in default of payment, within fourteen days. Under the Vaccination Act the police proceeded against William Cooper, of Oxley, for not having his sou vaccinated. Cooper was present and acknowledged that the child was not vaccinated, but that he, being a laboring man, did not receive notice until seven days after the doctor had been to Oxley. The Bench said that they had no option in tlie matter of the fine, which was 10s, and was mandatory. The father then said he had brought down tlie child, but it was too late. The Bench gave him 11 days to pay the amount in, and considered the case one of hardship ; as the parents, living a long way off in a remote district, were not aware of the date of the Govern ment vaccinator attending. Hendley was similarly charged. Defendant proved that his wife and child were absent in Alelbourne at the time the vaccinator attended at Oxley. On their return his wife took the child to the doctor, who refused to vaccinate it then, on account of the heat of the weather. She offered to pay for the vaccination, but the doctor declined to perform the operation. The Bench considered that the case omdit to 1 mi. .1 ... -i -, ue \\\u.iuucvwii, ana it was witlicirawn accordingly. There were no applications, aud the court adjourned. AIatriculation Examinations. — Ic is elsewhere notified that Alessrs I. Warren Ball and H. J. L. Batten conduct classes for the preparation of candidates for the University matriculation examinations, at the Alelbourne Athenaaini. Air Balk who may be consulted at the Commercial Hotel, Beechworth, during the next few days, also conducts classes at tlie Prahran Aleclianics' Institute. He claims zo have prepared the most successful lady candi dates who ever passed at the Alelbourne University. The Seven Wonders qf the World. — (1) The Pyramid of Egypt : (2) the im position of Is per lb on Colonial To bacco by the Protectionist Government Victoria ; (3 ) the Y alls rind Eaugino- Gardens of the City of Babylon : (if the Legislative Assembly of Melbourne (for merly of Victoria) 'building the Ptxlaces called the Exhibition and Law Courts, and and the Twin Bridges of Sighs, and are tiler coy enabled to curtail the Vote for the Charities and Municipal Endowment (5) the Temple of Diana of the Ephesians (6) the extraordinary perfection to wliieh' jfrlie blending of Indian and Chinese Teas j-has been brought by Younger and Co ; (7) a reiil live man who thought that Beech- worth would support a Debating Society. Insolvency Statistics. — During the: past year (lie number of insolvency schedules filed in tlie Beechworth district was thirty-five, of which thirty-two were "voluntary" and the remaining three compulsory. The total amount cf lia bilities is set down at £24,432 16s 4-kl - assets, £20,920 10s Md ; deficiencies' £3032 Gs. 2d. : , The " . Sketches." — We have received the "Australasian Sketcher" for the lgfch inufc. , wMch contains the following illustra tions : — Harvesting in Victoria! The Farmer's New Harvest Hand (frontis piece) ; a scene from the opera, "La Fille du Tambour-major" ; the destructive bush-fire near Alaryborough ; views at and near Dandenong ; incidents in connection with police life in Victoria, and of a steamboat trip down the Bay ; improve ments at St. Kilda ; Revell-street. Hoki- ff.ika, New Zealand ; and Granite Island, p'ort Victor, South Australia (the site of he 1 intended breakwater). Victorian . Grain and Produce Mar- ;; set. — Messrs William Adamson and Co. ' report for tlie week ending January. 12tli : — Grain. — -We held our opening sale for the season in our. own rooms to-day. We had a good attendance, and offered a full catalogue of wheat, oats and barley, and cleared nearly every line. Best wheat shows a decline of about fd per bushel on the rates ruling last week. In feeding grains there is no change to notify. Flour shows a decline of 2s 6d per ton. Under the hammer we Sold wheat from 3s 4d per bushel, for uniform, up to 3s 10id for good. We did not ofter any prime samples. Oats, 2s 7d per bushel up to 3s 9d. Dairy Produce. — The excessive heat caused almost everything to come to hand in very bad condition, several lots of otherwise good butter being almost unsaleable. As was the case last week however, lots in good condition brought full l-ates. Below we give prices, results of actual sales. Potted Butter. — No alter ation on last week's rates. Prime new in good order brought from 4id to 5jd. Parcels in bad condition from2id to 4d. I Fresh Butter. — Some of our very best dairies sold at Sid to 9Jd ; ordinary private dairies 5d toSd for prime, and 2i-d to 4d for parcels out of condition ; collector's lots, old to 5d. Cheese. — Our I stocks continue to increase, and we have difficulty in quitting at owners' ideas of value ; prices continue about the same as last week, viz. , prime 4d to 4jd, medium 2-Id to 3Id ; inferior, Id to 2d. Eggs. — VVe had a full supply and sold. the whole at an advance of from Id to 4d on last ! week's rates ; duck eggs sold at lv. Gd tc Ik 8.1 Lllflrfin fnnrl lrool-lw 1 nkc lid 1/ L4d. Bacon. — Sides, old to 7d ; middles, rid to vd ; flitches, 5cl. Hams. — Guaran teed, Gkl to 8d ; inferior, 3kl. Honey. — Busli, Ski to 4ci ; garden, 5d to 3ld. Beeswax. — Sid to lOd. Poultry. — Turkeys, 10s Gd to 12s Gd ; fowls, 2s to 3s ; ducks, 2s Gd to 3s Gd. Melbourne Stock AIarket. — Alessrs Stratford Strettle and Co. on the 12th inst. report : — Fat Cattle. — This market was supplied with 1900 head, a large pro portion of which were middling and 'second quality. Prices on the whole ruled a shade lower than last week. We have sold— 10 bullocks for Air Hyem, Everton, at £0 15s. Fat Calves. — 151 were penned, and prices ruled fully equal to late rates. Fat Sheep. — This market was heavily supplied, 28,033 being yarded. Prime quality were sparingly represented, and this description found buyers at last week's rates. Second quality and middling sorts were bought in large numbers by (lie graziers, at a considerable reduction on late quotations. Fat Lambs. — 1070 cauie to hand, which number was in excess of present requirements, the market ruling dull throughout, especially for middling quality. Store Stock. — Wc have s-eld a small lot of mixed cattlu through the yards at full rates. Melbourne Wool, &c; , AIarket. — Alessrs R. Goldsbrougii and Co. report for the week ending Sth January : — Wool. — We catalogued 2139 bales for our sale to-day, and had a full attendance, and excellent competition up to buyers' limits, the prices obtained ruling about the same as last week, except as regards strong crossbreds and inferior scoured, which must be quoted a shade lower, owing to tne less tavourame iMignsn acivices. Greasy ranged from Gkl to 12d. Scoured locks and pieces sold up to lSkl, inferior to good average washed ranged from 12 fa to l9d. In all, 1441 bales were sold. Sheepskins. — We have sold a full supply during the week, and note a slightly firmer tone. Our sales have chiefly com prised green pelts, which have found a good demand at quotations. Dry skins have been neglected, follinongers pre ferring wool. We quote : — Butchers' green pelts, Is to 2s each ; butchers' dry pelts, 9d to Is 9d each ; dry skins, at per lb, 3d to Gfcl ; full-wooUed skins, which are offering in limited quantities only, at prices ranging up to 5s 9d each. Hides. — Otir sales were well attended, and we passed through a moderate supply at quotations. The market is somewhat depressed, and late rates have been up held with difficulty. Superior lots of salted have found ready sale, but inferior I qualities have been difficult to place. We quote : — Green ox, average sizes, from 1 18s to 25s each ; green cow, average sizes, from 13s to T7s each ; Victorian-salted, superior, 3fd to 4kl per lb ; average, 3jd to 3fd per lb ; inferior, 2kl to o jd per lb : kips, 2kl to 3d per lb ; calfskins, okl to 5d per lb. New Zealand aides are scarce, and, if heavy weights in good condition, are in fair demand at from 3fd to 47d per lb. Kangaroo, Wallaby, Opossum Skins. — Large, sound, fresh kangaroo skins find a steady demand at from 9d to 12d per 11). Wallaby skins are worth from 5d to 81 per lb, if of good quality. Rabbit skins are offering in limited quantities only, aud are worth from Gd to 12d per dozen, ail depending oil quality and condition. Opossum skins, of superior ijucuiuy <iuu vteu-nu r<5U, 5iUe<lUie at from 3s to 4s Gd per dozen ; but little business is doing, and we do not expect any activity until next winter. Very few well-furred skins have been ottering. Leather. — Late quotations are current, viz. : — Crop, 9d to lid per lb ; kip, Is to Is Gd per lb ; calf, 2s to 2s 9d per lb ; wallaby, 2s to 2s Gd per lb ; waxed kan garoo, 2s to 2s Gd per lb ; brown kangaroo, Is lOd to 2s 3d per lb ; harness, lid to 73d per lb ; basils, 10s to 20s per dozen. Tallow. — We report a very depressed market, and our sales have almost con fined to private contract, biddings at auction being few, and the attendance of buyers sparse. Current quotations are : — Average mutton, £25 70s to £27 per ton, ; do beef, £24 to £25 10s do ; mixed,' £22 to £25 do. ; inferior, £17 to £22 do. Best mutton, f.o.b., to £27 10s do. ; best beef, do. , to £26 do. A Lively Scene in a Council Chamber. — The " Herald" records the following burlesque scene as having been enacted in the Brunswick Council Cham- uuis-ua wecmesaay evening, on a resoiue- tion ' to pass by special order a regulation to repeal the building regulation in force within the borough" being presented. One of the members contended the regu lation should have been on the notice paper, 'and '"councillors should have a copy, to understand what they were about." At.tMs stage councillors became very excitable, first one and then another jumping up to points of order ; one coun- 'Cillor remarking to the chairman, " You S to Pot> Mr Ivlayor." Another, . We going to have business j umped on us. We don't know the busi ness, and the usual practice should not be fa uoaeu irom. Another eoun'cillor moved that some of iis confreres should go and take a cmoke. Ultimately the couneil aid adjourn for ten oinutes, but on returning were not in much better | m or business, and the subject was adjourned for a .fortnight. ' A A'eteran. — The "Eusign' believes that Benalla can boast of having the olaest horse in the colony. - Tin's old veteran is the property of Air Little, and in days gone by has often done ti\c oir?m ®ena.Ua to Melbourne (a distal icc of miles) m a day Mid a half. Evon at its present round age of 321 years it I v.uh trot its S miles within the hour I, : Change of Proprietorship. — The II "'M'ttislieid GuardYk. ' has changed hands. Hie nefY :. proprietors are said to be well- fe blown jooriioiists. , JY Believed and Deceived.— The Mel- i« i true . c<>:respi>u lent of the " Geelonc Y Times" writes : — " Oil Tln.rs lay I. was : Y ably to S 'lid yon a ' Romance in Real Life,' which had a jilea aiit ending. The fry' young couple wore marri-d, and lived happily ov. r afterwards. What I have to p tell ro-day is not so pleasant, and lias not p such a pathway- I'oses-b-stre wed finish, p iMiougb be lo-'a'e is also East Melbourne. y How tlie facts came to my knowledge iy matters not, but I do know that the in jured ope is a well- educated girl of decent family, who, on the death of her parents, thought it no disgrace to take a situation Yj as a servant in a respectable family, and -if so ' earn her daily bread' honestly. By 7l great economy, supplemented by presents P from her employers with whom she is a Y great favourite, Ligzie, we will call her, p had managed to scrape together some £50. f ' She als-. had a valuable gold watch, the : last gif", of lier dead mother. And she P lived happily. Now enters the villain of ? the play. At a friend's she was intro- ; dnced to a young f.-llow; met him several times, and fell very niucfi in love with fe him ; so much, in face, that in a blindly trusting moment, she not only loaned our ! young villain her watch, but also gave £ him her savings bank pass-book, and an order on the trustees for a certain Y , amount, which she required to pay a Y , dressmaker's bill. From that day (some ;y . four months ago) to this she has heard , nothing of lier ' lover,' and an enquiry at ' Y tlie savings bank revealed the fact that . the young rascal had altered the figures on tlie order and drawn the whole of the Y poor girls savings. And yet she thinks Y lie will come back, and won't hear him ; called hard names. Well, he may, but if y he should, I'm rather under the inipres- i. sion that lie' will, as an American y humourist says, ' find liis coat-tails full of y hard leather.' " : Mr J. H. B. Spearing. — A truly stir- : ; ring fellow is our old townsman, Air Spear ing. When first we heard his voice ring- . ing to the tune of "all right, my dear boy," it was in the capacity of barman in - the leading hotel in Beechwoixh, and a Y most active fellow he was ; very few could ? , take the shine out of him for activity or iff dash in those clays. We then missed the run of him for a short time, but shortly Y found him as lively as a kitten, and finite fy as playful at the Council Club Hotel, 1 Wangaratta, where he did a roaring trade t for some years. Business falling off at the Council Club, our " clear boy" sought S fresh fields and pastures new, and turned up at Bath's Hotel, Ballami, which K hostolry he managed most satisfactorily t! for the public, but without a great deal of J- profit to himself. Again we missed J. H. B. at Ballavat, to find him turn up fresh I at Echuca, eclipsing his brother pubs, Y with his "Palace Hotel." Hem we : thought he was at his moorings, as the sailor says, for life ; but not so, for in the ' columns of the "Argus" we find him ' advertising that lie is prepared to sell, cheap, the fixtures and remainder of lease of the " Palace Hotel," as he is about to 7 conduct a large pub. in the city. Yeriiy, the "dear boy" is, after a quarter of a- century's wear and tear, as fresh as paint, and twice as durable ; and we heartily - wish him success in his new venture, and oil lllfi rtl/1 ...111 .7 UU5W iii-O UiU clGljUctUltiUlGUb IJi give him a call whenever they go to town, for ; Jim is sure to let them know his address when settled down. — " Wangaratta Dis patch." The Brewers and the Beer Duty. — The brewers have (says the " Ballarat Star") good reason to be dissatisfied with i the beer duty. A traveller for .me of our ! large brewing firms states that the duty f in the first instance is paid by tlie brewer, I and collected with the monthly bill from j the publican. His firm has .something like £300 lying idle, in conse-j nonce of having to pay the duty in advance, and has to suffer the loss of the duty should he make bad debts. Owing to the trouble necessitated by tlie working of the tax, the firm in question lias to employ two additional clerks, which is a verv sez'ious ' addition to the cost of its business. i Surgical Operations.— Within the : last few days (observes the " Hamilton Spectator") some very difficult operations have been cleverly and successfully per formed by Drs Scott and Annand. The first was the removal of a prfilignant tumour from the breast. The second was the tapping of the chest of a young man, and drawing off two pints and a half of serous fluid. The third, the most diffi cult of all, was performed on. Thursday on a vonng man. from Portland, who had been suffering for a long time from an extraordinarily large tumour in the throat, just alongside the windpipe. This neces sitated great care in its removal, on ac count of the depth of the routs of the tumour and its perilous situation— the least slip would probably have caused fatal hemorrhage. After having been under the influence of chloroform for over nil nftn» rlao ; .1 V" « ? jvuiiij Aiiuu. ctivuAe iu mm His objectionable companion gone, and there is every reason to believe that a successfti result has been obtained in every case. The Bank Rate of -Interest. — The "Australasian Insurance and Banking Record" says :—" The .majority of the banking institutions favour the lowering of the rate of interest on twelve months' deposits from 4 to 3 per cent, maximum ; and for shorter terms a corresponding reduction. At a meeting of managers, on Friday last, the matter was again discussed; but action was deferred in order that, as a similar change was contemplated in Sydney and elsewhere, the alteration might, if possible, be simultaneous. The change is regarded as inevitable." . Crop Failure. — The " St. Petersburg Golos devotes a long article to the failure of crops. It says the outlook for Russia is very gloomy, as a country whose ordi nary export is iorty million quarters will have to buy grain from abroad. How to feed the peasantry during the coining winter isaproblem occupying the serious attention of the Government, and there are no grounds for expecting1 si good crop in the future. Thousands of insects defy the efforts to exterminate them, and lie hidden under ihe deep snow until spring enables Jieiu to renew their work of devastation. The "Golos" gives the result of the financial year, showing that the expendi ture exceed the estimates by 2, GOO, 000 roubles. New South Wales Finance.— The revenue statements published show the quarter's receipts to be £460,740, being an increase of £S5,725. The year's revenue is £4,911,990, or an increase of £430,325. Of this amount £77,299 is derived, from customs, and £77,349 from stamnsi The land, revenue shows a decrease. The rail- ways have increased £212,G64r a„d the post office £26,964. The year's exnendi- ture amounted to £5,692,839. The credit balance of the revenue proper is £1,905,565 and the total balance £2,7S4,880. The Line to Numurkah.— The Afiuister of Railways, when at Shepparton on Fri- day , selected suitable sitestfor stations on the. line to Numurkah, stated that tenders lor the construction of the line would be called in a fortnight, or at- the end of the- month at the latest. WJe stated in a previous issue that one of the lines in the Mou-a would be included in the . first tenders. The information was supplied to il s ibyMr Patterson. — ' Benalla Stanc'arcL' ' Benaixa Public Cemetery. — The an nual meeting of the trustees of the Benalla Public Cemetery was held at the Me chanics' Institute on Friday eveniug. Present: Messrs George Sharpe, Alexan der Robertson, and Robert Blackbume. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The accounts were examined up to 31st December, and found correct. It was resolved that tenders be im mediately called for works at the cemetery already agreed upon. The secretary having increased duties to perforin, his salary was raised by an additional £2 pet- year. The following accounts were passed and paid : — Salaries, £9 15s ; day labor, £2 9s. The balance-sheet for 1S80 showed — To balance, £77 Gs 6d ; f.-es for graves, £43 : other sources of income, £2 12s ; total, £122 18s 6d. By salaries, £13 ; works. £2 9s ; balance, £107 9s Gd ; total, £122 18s Gd. Fire at "Wangaratta. — In another column we publish particulars of a most disastrous conflagration which occurred at Wangaratta on Thursday night, resulting in the demolition of the premises of Mr A. Hickman, jeweller, and Messrs McKeone Bros., general storekeepers, with their valuable contents. The losses, we regret to learn, were only partly covered by insurance. Other trades people in 'the vicinity were also losers to a considerable amount, by their stock being removed for fear of being alse destroyed : but for'unately the fire was confined to the buildings above mentioned. The total value of 5I10 poperty consumed is esti mated at £7000. The occurrence afforded sufficient proof of the necessity fur the water-supply to the town being looked to, with a view to the prevention of a re currence of a similar mistake, by which in a case of urgent necessity net a drop of water was available to stay the ravages of that most useful of servants, or worst of masters, fire. Accident win id at Plat. — On Wed nesday an eight-year-old sen of Mr T. Parkin, of Sanger-strect, Corowa (says the News"), while playing on a builder's trestle, fell from the top, a distance of about seven feet, and sustain -d severe injuries to the head. When picked up he was insensible and Dr Carroll was im mediately called in. Although, at first the case was thought to be serious the little fellow is now recovering. Mixing Statistics.— A statement pre pared by the officers of the Mining depart ment shows that in the year 1879 the yield of gold was 758, 947 oz. . and mean number of miners employed 37,193 : and that the gold yield for 18S0 was 820.007 ot. and the mean number of miners 38,033. The total increase for the year 1880 is thus 67,GG0oz. of gold and 858 miners. A Scare.— On Friday night,. 7th inst., considerable consternation was caused (says the ''News") by the report tear some houses its the neighbourhood of Wahgunyah were on lire The Corowa fire- brigade turned, out promptly. On the way to Wahgunyah the peculiar fertility of imagination which seems to possess many people on such, an occasion found full vent, and a cottage, hotel, and railway-station were successively reported as the scene of the conflagration, ©li arrival, however, it was found to be one cf Mr Foard's paddocks, which, being over-run with be its. had been set on fire in order to destroy them. The . brigade remained until the fire had burnt itself out, in order to be of service should the flames by any accident cress the road and endanger the surrounding homesteads. Large numbers of people were attracted by the glare, and at one time quite a crowd were present witnessing what was certainly in the darkness a spectacle worth seeing. Disxo.SsL!'. — Yv e regret to learn that Sir B. J. Smyth is one - cf the singing master-;.- who have received notice from the Department thai their services have been dispensed with. As far -as the Ruiher- glen ai:d Wahgunyah schools are con cerned, we can vouch for the wonderful improvement made by the pupils in sing ing under the tuition of Mr Smyth, and the mos; favorable reports concerning his ability come likewise from other parts of the district. The inhabitants of this district very much regret that the Govern ment should have found it- necessary, in pursuing their retrenchment policy, to de prive their children of the services of so excellent a teacher as Mr Smyth. — "News." Diamond Drills aid their Work. — A telegram has been received by the Mining Department from Mr Watson, who is in charge of the diamond drill at the Iron stone Company's claim, Malmsluay, inti mating that the drill has bottomed at 3I0ft. on 7ft. of wash. lift. The result has been so satisfactory that another boring will shortly lie commenced, on the same company's ground. The working of the diamond drills is proving very suc cessful, and it was only the other day that, the drill at Kileunda struck a seam of coal of some width at a depth of 157ft. llin., after thirty-six hours' driving. Rxtherglex Mining Notes. — Several small parcels have been crushed recently, all yielding fair returns. The only crush ing of importance was that for Edwin Lord and party, -who put through 33 ions and obtained from it 33oz 19dwts ISgrs. -J. and W. Rne are getting excellent pros pects in a new claim near the old botanical gardens. The new tributors of the Wee Speck claim are still giving general satis faction. The maeliinery is working splen didly, and the results obtained are most satisfactory. — " News.-' Cave Oaxsm.— Mr Wyatt. P.M. .adjudicated on a remarkable dog case at the Benalla Police Court on Friday. John Phelan complained against Arthur Cambridge for being the owner of an un registered dog. The ; irosecntor stated that the defen riant had put the police to the trouble of journeying about 200 miles to serve the summons, and that he (Phelan) had travelled 159 miles to get a conviction. The bench indicted a fine of 10s, with £2 12s costs ; in default of pay ment within a w.eek. fourteen days' im prisonment. Bcrtox'-c CiEOvt. — On Thursday even ing, at Yackandandah, and on Friday and Saturday evenings next at Beechworth. Burton's Great Australian Circus is an nounced to appear. The company has since it3 last appearance in these districts has been strengthened by/ the engagement cf some of the artists recently attached to Chiarim's Royal Italian Cireue ; and therefore the crowd which will doubtless assemble on each occasion to witness the performance, will experiences treat. The programme of entertainment pro video for the performances of male and fercale riders, contortionists, equilibrists, acro bats and tumblers, clowns and thorough bred trick horses, &c.; De Lact Evans Again. — The male im personator, De Lacy Evans, who figured so prominently before the public in Vic toria a few months ago, is now exhibiting herself at one of the Sydney hotels. An important Discovery. — Mr J. R. Skuthorpe telegraphs fromBIackall that he . £as found Classan's grave, and has dis- copered the fate of Leichardt. The lo cality is likely to be on Mulligan River, as SkufchoTpe, when previously heard of, was going thre. M.U.I.O. O.F. — A meeting of members of the Beechworth Lodge of Oddfellows will be held on Monday evening next at the hall. As the business to be transacted is of importance, there should be a large attendance. Presentation. — A purse containing over 100 sovereigns and an address was on Wednesday presented by the public of Aluury te their late police magistrate (Captain Brownrigg), on liis retirement from his magisterial unties, after twenty years' service. Dentistry. — Mr Albert Burbank, den tist. of Swanstou-sireet, Melbourne, else where intimates that he will bo in Beechworth to-day (Saturday), and may be consulted upon matters relating to the teeth. Persons requiring his services should lose no time in consulting him ; as he leaves again for Melbourne on Mon day. His address during his brief visit will be the Beechworth Post-office or at Baarmutha. Albcry Police Court. — On Friday,, at this court, Ellen Carson was again charged with drunkenness and also with destroying Government property. She was sent to gaol for 3G hours. Two lads were charged with drunkoness. It ap peared that tliey had been sent by the engine-driver of " Berry's special" to a j shanty for colonial wine, and the shanty- S keeper, being of a generous disposition, ! gave the boys more than was good for i them. They were discharged. George I Davis, James Smith, and William Livcr- more were charged with riotous be haviour at the Oddfellows' sporis on New Year's Day. Davis and Smith pleaded not guilty : and Liverinore pleaded guilty. After hearing the evidence of Constables Pounceby and Brown, the police magis trate asked if anything was known of the prisoners. Constable Brown said that nothing was known cf Smith and Liver- more. but numerous complaints had been received from the public about Davis. Davis was then sentenced to one month, Smith, to fourteen days nud Li verm ore, to seven days, in Aibury Gaol, without the option of a tine. The inspector of stock summoned George Osborne for using an unregistered brand. Defendant did not appear, although service of summons was proved. A fresh summons was ordered to be issued. .VtrenouKNE Stock Market. — Mr John It. JJ.iUjharty on lee 12t:i inst., reports : - F it Cattle. — lOto vtre penned 33d passed ihe-ha, inner to day for tins we-k's supply. a fair proportion of those forward were from gcod to prune quality, the balance slightly wasted '.mm tr.uvUiag. 'file larce i supply again an i the -van titer still j bsiu unfavourable, cam: «i the sales to open I dnil, at a reduction of from 5s te lO.-t on l ist j work's rates, but sdjjhtly railie i iowar.-'s the Suit.:!: erp-ci illy i'or the prine-st sorts. I have so n— :j: hu'.ie ;ks -:i:i cows for Mgssr-- j Ryrr.e Bios , M vyhn, to E-t TVs C-i. Fat j Calves — 151 came in -for t lie week, anil the | trade n: bavin- disposed of the -urplus j from la-t week's marker, ami on aecoutt: of! the extteme hot v.-.-,-: ikc-r, prims showed no ! improvement, and iLey were with iliiiiculiy i cleared on 1 — i. in making le : us. 1 have! sob! ."0 'or the lion. J. A. Wallace, from hia.fjutt Quatt i station, to 23s. r at bheep. — 28,0:33 came forward for the Week's supply., this being one oi the ltrgest markets '.v«: llavc had for mcat-hs past This supply coming on top of a heavy markc! iu.-t week and the warm weather still prevailing, prices for the best mutton-v/cre hardly up to iasir, week's quota '.ions and anything inf-rior showed a decline of from 9 i to Is, am. were j principally oh-arei cut by -graziers Fat j Lambs — 407o yarded for the week's supply, | the hulk of which were of infer: r quality. ; ! const- vueni iy anything good sh u-c i an I auvunce of i'uiiy Gd m: last week's rat< s, best j in making 8s. '.ores. — I have-to report an | improving denian-: for those .f condition j and adapted tor shiptuwu and town require merit. 1 have solo m.-.-ie through the yards, j tliis v/ick worthy of note ; bet at S«lp. j Gippslaud, in conjunction with Messrs K. j Gut!:i :dge. and Co.. 3 -md 4 1 u -broke n colls j and tidies from Uun-c. station, by the ini- i porU-c. Ji'.uul siivs 1 : ugkenden ;:i:<i Yaseo de . GaiU'i, from ordinary s aiioa mares, at prices I from £7 10s to £20 Im?. I .quote heave < draughts, liv.tn £35 in euiem do. ih.'o 1 to £85 : light hani'ss ami 'bus sorts, £15; to £20 : strong, well d young horse-, witn 1 pedigrees, £15 to ££.> ; ordinary do. £10 to; £15 ; Etoe.lt horses and young light sorts, ; from £5 'upwards. j Value of Irrigation. — The following j letter on the above subject lias been for warded to the ' Leader" for publication by the gentleman to wlioni it is addressed : —Hugh M'Coll, Esq., M.L.A.— Dear Sir, — At last Ecliuca races I promisee, to give you some date of my experience in vine- growing,. dec. . with irrigation. During the large flood of 1870, being then manager of the Echnca Vineyard, nearly the whole vineyard was under water, and wholly surrounded, by water, so chat the water 1 penetrated through tire whale of the sand hill where the a'rove vineyard is planted on. Now'i1. give you a. list of the different .varieties of vines planted and the result of gallons per acre, 1873 vintage, conse quently through this natural irrigation : — Mueller /Burgundy. ,750 .gallons per acre ; Mataro, 15GG gallons per a; re ; Hermitage, 700 gallons per acre : Car- bonet Sauvignon. 300 gallons per acre ; Laverdon, G5l) gallons pier acre : Riesling, 508 gallons per acre ; Pedro Ximenes, 1500 gallons per acre ; Sherry, 1500 gallons per acre. The above quantities you can rely upon. Mr Pemberion, our then secretary . of the Echuea Vineyard, can tell you the same. I am quite sure this district will produce almost anything J wish irrigation. I atn speaking from ex perience, — front what I have grown up here with irrigation, viz., South Sea Island cotton, opium, arrowroot, sugar cane, sugar beet, tobacco, chicory, and other root crops. An Important Discovery. — A very important industry has recently sprung up in California in the way of preserving po tatoes for foreign markets, and we see no reason why c-ur Victorian growers should not use their surplus produce in a similar way. According to a San Francisco paper, a machine has been invented for pressing and preserving potatoes in such a manner that they may be dried and kept for a number of years in any climate. No oxi disation or fermentation takes place in the precess, and after the potatoes go through the entire process, Ahey retain to a great extent their natural taste and original freshness. Shipments made to England during the past year have commanded earnest attention, and the demand for Californian preserved potatoes in that country largely exceed the present supply. No chemicals are used-in the operation of curing, everything being-done by a. simple machine, which is capable of pressing 600 bushels of potatoes in 24 hours. The machine not only presses the potatoas, but lays them on a tray in a concave form with the hollow side down. After the pressure they are put into a drying appa ratus, where they remain for two hours, then they are ground into coarse meal resembling cracked rice. It is estimated by the inventor that this machine saves one-half of the labor required by the old method. The first shipment to Liverpool brought the handsome sum of IGOdoI. per ton over ah expense of shipment. Last year about twenty tons were shipped by a San FrancisCo" merchant, which brought forty-five English shillings per cwt. or at the rate of 3doi. per sack for green potatoes. A Lengthy Snake. — A snake 21 feet long was the other day captured at Annan River, Hear Cooktown, and stuffed, in ordsr to be sent to the Melbourne Exhibi tion.' How Came it There 1 — One of those discoveries which surprise the ordinary observer and puzzle the scientist was (writes the " Star") made on Thursday evening by the workmen engaged in sink ing the shaft at Jones's Freehold Com pany, Rallarat, when, at a depth of 310 feet, in solid sandstone, . not a fissure being observable, they brought out with the pick a live frog, in healthy condition. A Life Assurance Story. — It is said that some people have a strong objection, a superstitious one, to their relatives taking the precaution of life assuring. Of this class is the wife of a constable sta tioned not a hundred miles fretn the Ballarat Post-office Ysays the "Courier"). The constable, a prudent man, had taken the initiatory steps towards insuring his -life, and had been rated first-class life, 'but when the application for a policy was 'forwarded to him, his wife objected to his going on with the matter, alleging as her ; reason — if it might be called a reason — that if he insurecT his life he would be sure to die sooner. A very unselfish and affec tionate wife, too, not to want to profit by the old man's taking off, but to ordinary minds, her objection seoms strange. Since the day- the application for the policy was returned unsigned, the constable met with an accident that came near putting an end to him. His horse fell with, anil rolled -on him, and he says, in a rueful way, that his first tliought as he was fall-' ing was of his wife, ancl the second of the uneffected assurance. Probably, had. lie gone under, and been insured, the result of the accident would have been recorded by his spouse as caused by ' ' thac in surance business." The Czar's Wife and' Capital Punish ment. — A singular story is current re specting the Czar's present wife.' She is reported to have said to a prominent official, when a question arose respecting tlis punishment of the Nihilists, " In my time there will be no hangings." -In the same connection it may be added that, a belief is current in certain circles at St. Petersburg that on account of the influence exercised, over the Czar by the - Princess Dolgourouki, no sentence of death which may be passed upon -any of the Nihilist prisoners in the approaching trials is likely to be carried out. Curious Formation in a Golt- Claim. — A singular formation (the ' Tetnura Star" states) underlies the wash in Ma- rooney, 'Tinnegan, and party's claim in the shallow diggings at Upper Tenioru. The depth of sinking is about 12 feet, where, from 12 inches to 14 inches or washdivt is met with. In their eastern drive towards Flagstaff hill, the pav-ry havo been upon a " " rubble" reef, cm- j sisting cf quartz in various stages of j decomposition or ' transmutation. The loose stuff raised from it contains a little very fine g"ld, and due wash dirt rests uncomfortably on the reer, the width of which is nor. "yet ascertained. In.sclvxncy in Niviv. South Wai.es. — " The records of insohvney, regularly pub lished by the Resist rar-Geiitral, are." writes the " Sydney Morning Hernia," "something more -than curious. Last- year the total number for the whole co lony was-';"- 03, and. the deficiency between, liabilities and assets was £475,231, which was equal to more than half the total , liabilities. The number of insolvents was larger by 347, and the amount of deficiency laiger bv 'L 100,071. than for any previous year. What proportion the deficiency bore to the total trade of the colony can- not be ascertained, but half a noiliion per annum is a large sum for three-uuartersof a million -cf people to lose in this form of bad debts. No wonder the cash system is becoming popular bovh with buyers and sellers. f<.->iv n general credit sales one has to make good what the other loses, and good customers have to atone for bad ones. The number of insolvencies in Vic toria last /year was :3L007, but the de ficiency was only £451,434. Twice before iu Vic bori&'the deficiency was larger — once in 1S09 aiid.H.gaiix iu 1S72 — while for ot-lier years it was below a quarter of a million sterling. Is vr »uld seem as if Shyloek got more of hie pound of flesh in Victoria than in New South Wales — except whore the bankrupt liin-self happens to play the part of Shylock, and then the gain. is on our side of the Murray. In time we. have no doubt the statistics of bankruptcy will be tabulated and -systematized, like those of disease and the probabilities of Ire, and then trade insurance societies can operate with as much. -confidence as life and five offices do, for -.which general rules have almost eliminated the element of uncer tainty. Till then such /isolated facts as those cited above must glide tradesmen in their operations, and they will doubtless hare due efieet." Clean and Bih;:y Grain. — The fol lowing from the -".Rochester Express" we commend to the serious attention of farmers who have not yet completed their hill-vest operations.:— Large .quantities of grain, are now being, brought in from the surrounding districts, ancl heavy consign ments are daily despatched from the Rochester railway station. There is a noticeable improvement in the cleanly chavacier of the grain now coming in, some of the farmers evidently having become aware of the importance of bagging the clean article in preference tc the dirty one. In some instances a lot of foreign .substance is still bagged .with the .grain, but this will, no doubt-, be reme died, with the farmers, who still continue to send .such to market., find .that, to effect a sale of it. they w'll have to accept a lower price for tlieir article than the others. The . grain buyers and exporters have fully .determined to sei their face against the .purchase at full prices of dirty grain, seeing that they are now compelled to clean it, ere they export Most of this dirty grain, we may mention, comes from the threshing machines, those who employ them, however, being alone to. blame, in that they show a very strong aversion to paying for a fair proportion of the seconds, and thus bring about the mixture of these with the grain. This is short sighted economy, albeit, a trifle might be saved in the cost of threshing and the price of seconds, for the grain so mixed fetches a lower price than the clean grain. It would be more to their advantage to pay for a few extra bags of seconds in threshing, and thereby- get clean grain, which would command a good price, than to demur to paying for the threshing of a few bags of seconds, and tlius get their grain placed in the secsnd class on the market. Besides, there is very little, if any, loss on a few bags of seconds that might he threshed out, seeing that they would come in for horse feed. View the matter in any way, and it. is seen that the farmers would be profitably serving their own interests by bagging nothing but the cleanest grain. Those who continue to bag the dirty grain must be very indif ferent to their own advantage and benefit. A Human "Parcel." — An American paper says that a child, 11 years old, was recently sent as a parcel by rail from Kansas, where her parents live, to Phila delphia, a distance of over 1900 miles, and arrived quite safely at her destina tion. She had a ticket hung round her neck, and the railway authorities took and gave a receipt for her, just as if she had been an ordinary express parcel. An Extensive Drapery Establish ment. — The establishment of Messrs Craig, Williamson and Thomas, sqft;goods mer chants, of Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, lias recently been considerably added to and internally altered. The firm, which was formerly a wholesale house ex clusively, lias now entered into the retail family trade, supplying articles at whole sale prices, for cash only. The business in the several departments lias made such rapid strides that additional room has be come absolutely necessary. To meet the requirements of an increased trade, the firm has added another -storey to their premises, thus making it four storeys high. The new room measures 50ft. x 70ft. , and will be clevotea to the millinery, mantle, and other departments. The space lias been judiciously subdivided, in order to provide room for the young ladies engaged in -this particular department. The room is well lighted, the windows facing the smth. Every convenience has been pro vided, -in order to ocnake the employes as comfortable as possible, and the attention to the sanitary arrangements is till that could be desired. Messrs Craig, William son and Thomas employ over 150 hands. Quick Travelling. — Messrs Larnack and Walker, the former of whom is con nected with the highest financial circles in England, arrived in Aibury 3ast Monday. The special train bringing them left Sydney at 8 '39 a.m., and arrived at Albuiy at-9'-15 a.m. the same evening, and by the courtesy of Mr Jclm Lloyd, of. Cobb atid Co., who accompanied the party, we were enabled to read at half past nino. o'clcck on Monday, the "-'Sydney Morning Herald" if the same day. This is an occurrence which will not happen even when the mail train runs through to Aibury. —"Post. " An Awkward Mistake. — A case of the pressman - in the wrong box occurred the other day in Ballarat. This is liow the local "Courier" states the case : — A little cirl when giving evidence in a case of assault, was asked to point out the prisoner iu court, when she looked at the reporters, anti im aediatelv fixed on one of them as being tin- offender, the real accused man being behind at the time. We need hardly saw that this part of her evidence was not relied on. but the circ umstances made the reporters uncomfortsble until the error was rectified. Se long as reporters quarters are built - like "decks" -such mistakes will be liable to occur. A .Youthful Somnambulist. — A- singu lar case of somnambulism -occurrec at Newcastle. A. child 4 years of age was walking about the streets ai uiidrdrht, coi'.ud asleep. Dr Gabriel, knowing iier parents, took lier home. A Miniature Volume. —The smu'lest /took in the world has just been discovered .(says -a- homo paper) at Florence, in Italy. It is a miniature " Oliice of the Virgin," printed at Venice in 1049, and comp? ist -s 250 microscopic leaves, formed out of one single er-linary page. With an elaborate -leather binding with silver Hasps, this tiny volume is under an inch in width and not quite two in length — thus being sma'Ier than the famous modern, -pocket editions of Dante's Petrarch. Animal Instinct. — A somewhat curious incident in domestic natural history was brought under the notice ef the "Ballarat Star" the other day. A few weeks ago, in a shady place on the margin of a pond liearthoresiclence-of Mi- John Lynch, J. P. , Smytliesduie, a duck select ed a spo: for a nest,-, and after having laid the usual num ber of- eggs for -a. brood,, commenced the incubatory process. Care -was taken -that the nest should not be disturbed, for about three weeks the duck conic! daily be observed sitting hatching, her attachment to the nest apparently growing stronger from day to day, as towards the latter- -end of the period- referred to she never left the nes:. at alL notwithstanding that the weather was scorching, and that- there -wes a templing sheet -of water at her side. -A good. deal of interest began re-. he .created as to the result of the hatching : but one day, -on the usual visit being made ao the spot to- see how matters were pro gressing, the poor cluck, wactedto a sko.i-3- .ion, -was found dead beside the nest, an V another ciuclc was engaged :n coiyioletin.q the term ot incubation. Whether any arrangement'! were entered into between the deceased and her successor, and, if there .were, what the precise nature of these .arrangsnicni-s may have been, will most probably never be km. wn. a?j ducks have a language or method o'" communica tion .generally eveu more unintelligible tkan that of the Chinese. However, the next occupant of the nest has ever since discharge her maternal duties with a: fidelity which would put .many a step mother to the blush. About a week ago the young brood joined the minority, gay sini well, and rim foster-mother now with all a parent's pride leads forth her flotilla of ducklings- on the pond, the broken link in the chain, of creation having, apparently been already repaired. Ria-ical Retrenchment " John Peerybinglo" writes : — I'll be hanged if those Radicals don't get worse .and worse every -day. Here's tiio Premier pulling long faces in Parliament ab.-mt -retrench ment, and declaring thai: lie will throw up the sponge if -the House doesn't help liim to keep down expenses. And yet, the moment lie gets a chance, in he gees bald- headed for special trains, and special steamers, when ordinary -ones would do. Just as if Mr Berry and his flunkey Vale couldn't stare a day earlier for Sydney, and travel by an ordinary train. Then A. T. Clark wants to take a change of air in the Western District. Now, why couldn't they go overland instead of hawing the 'Victoria specially fitted up cor a lot of Parliamentary adventurers at £300 a year te boose away , their time in for a week or tea days. The country -stands it, though, like lambs. The great working classes are easily gulled. They don't mind their beer, or baccy, or oatmeal, or horse-feed being taxed, so long as Berry does it but when the Constitutionalists even hint, at such a tiling, the working-man howls' like amative bear up a fired gum-tree. I reckon he will begin to see (I mean the working-man, not the " bar") through the Radical flimsy soon, or else he's a bigger fool than I took him for. A Gooo Appetite. — A correspondent of the " Devon Herald" says : — As an -in stance of the folly of permitting bones, old clothes, etc., to lie about where cows can have access to them, I give the following : —Mr W. Clarke, of Northdown Valley, had a valuable cow, which dwindled almost to a skeleton before it died. The owner, c-urious to ascertain, if possible, the cause of lier death, had her opened, and in the stomach were found the follow ing articles, all quite smooth from con stant friction : — 18 horse ' and "ox teeth ; 1 two sheep shank-bones ; one iron buckle, about li inches square ; six pieces of sheet iron ; one bottom of a wineglass ; 11 pebbles, some of them as large as a pullet's, egg ; 10 pieces of earthenware, some of which were more than an inch square and three-eighths thick. The O'Shaxassy Party. — The Mel bourne correspondent of the " Hamilton Spectator" says there is a breach between Sir John O'Shanassy and his members "in the House, and that Mr Hunt's chances of leadership ef the party are im proved, Mr Hunt will take action when Parliament meets, in the way of moving a resolution, having for its object the ap pointment of a Royal Commission upon the Education Act." Gold Returns for 1880.— Obtained statistics which enables it to estimate approximately the yield of gold for 1SS0. The estimate is arrived at by taking the amount of Aictorian gold exported "in 1880, and the amount of Victorian gold received at the Mint in the same year, and adcliug thereto the difference between the amounts held by the banks on the 31st December, 1879, and the corresponding date of 1880. It will be seen from a table appended to these returns that the large decrease which has gone on annually for many years m the gold returns of the colony was checked in 187S, though there was then still a small decrease on the re turn of 1S77. A similar small decrease occurred in 1879 as compared with 1878 ; but towards the close of 1879 a decided improvement took place in gold-mining, which continued throughout 1880, and we have now for the first time since 1872, when the Sandhurst goldfield was very prosperous, to record an increase. Al though the increase is not by any means so large as some sanguine persons antici pated it is still a most substantial one, and as t he prospectors of mining in the colony generally, and more especially-on the great Ballarat goldfield, are now very good, it may fairly be expected that the welcome improvement af 1880 will be continued throughout' the current year. The de crease of the yield of lS7Son that of 1S77 was 39,046oz, and the decrease of 1S79, as' compared with 1S7S, wau 35,5S5oz ; but 18S0 now shows an increase of 93,8S4oz over 1S79. A Curious Fact.— " W.H.," in the Ballarat " Courier," says :—" A Victorian school feature is the following, that I think may be deemed worthy of a place in the " Courier," Numbers of children living V ?eNV V' ales are being educated in "V ictoria. There are about fifty children or more who cross the river every school day in boats at Ecliuca alone. The children paddle themselves over the -river, and leave tlieir boats until they return in the evening. A rather peculiar feature, you will a'clmit, as the taxpayers in Vic toria thus educate their neighbors' cliiidren. But it may be taken as another tribute to the superiority of our school system in the people's eyes, and the gain to us most probably is, if prospective, not very, far in the distant future." The Broken Greek Water Bcheme. — The - story of the Broken Creek water scheme is full of episodes. SinGe the late Mr Orr first moved in the matter it has experienced many reverses. It might have been expected that a work of such sim plicity, coupled with the widespread benefits its completion would confer upon one ot the fairest provinces of this southern land, would have been exempted from' the usual Governmental red tapeism and. neglect. One can hardly realise the fact that, since the subject -was first mooted, it has now reached the. reverend a-re or 15 years. Until last spring, hope of its over being accomplished: had nigh withered in the breasts of the water- famished inhabitants of these plains. The Government, with great flourishes of earnestness, undertook the work.; and, of course, " hope deferred" was -at length satisfied, but only to be disappointed. It is true the work was commenced, and some.-£3000 spent upon it, which, in the hands of a pushing practical contractor, could have been done for £1000. A number of Melbourne loafers -were sent up to carry on the work during the " un employed" agitation, and thus the money was wasted ; for, as the undertaking no v stands, it positively leaves the district in a worse position than ever. At the shire council meeting, on Tuesday, -:.Cr Well- wood -said that the supply of water in the creek would not last another three weeks and the township of' < Wunghu is now entirely without water. The" evil, unfortunately, does not step there. The selectors who, but for the action of the Government-, would have mads. some pro vision for seeming water, now find them selves in a lamentable plight, with a possible famine before tlium forfllio next t-liree .months. It is already . quite dis tressing to see the numbers iwho are obliged to travel for water to the creek ; but v heii that supply is exhausted — which is inevitable — a blank water famine will stare them in die face. This matter is to serious to be overlooked. Something must -be done to save the stock- cf the district from perishing — possibly human lives too. — " Sliepparton News!" The Car of J uggernaut. — The " Times of India" states that the car of Juggernaut, one cf the most noted symbols of heathenism was not dragged through the streets of Puri this year as usual on the 8th July. The - cause of this omission aeems to be involved in some mystery, but the natives represent it as "an act of unpardonable negligence on the part of meddling Government officials." The omission, is the more prominent because, according to the religious law or custom, if the car be not drawn to the Goachidi Mandir on the Dili day of the car festival, twelve years must elapse before it is again used. We may hope that before the twelve years shall have passed, the eyes of the people will be sufficiently opened to this senseless act of idalatory to suppress the custom for ever. . Contemptible Conduct. — There are a few "canny '- individuals among the Ex hibition jurymen, who occasion little scenes in the diningroomat times (observes Friday's "Telegraph"). Each juryman is provided with a luncheon ticket, which, -to the caterer, represents 2s Gd., to which extent -the jurors may indulge in the con tents of the menu, or wines, or cigars, or the three combined. But it frequently happens that a juror's appetite is not up to demolishing half-a-crowii's worth, and a few of -these gentlemen who are mindf ul of the " bawbees " have been in the habit of demanding the difference fin " siller," and of kicking up a row when.it has, as is always the case, been refused. Others, again, take it out in oigars, while some, who do not care to eat, imbibe to the value of the ticket, which is .legitimate enough. Yesterday a party of these gentlemen clamoured around a waiter, and argued the question with -him relative to an odd threepence, and how it wac to be worked out, when they were requected to indicate on the back of the ticket that they hud only had 2s 3d worth cf creature comforts, which' .they did, and the odd threepence will be saved to the com missioners, though this was not exactly what the gentlemen wanted, evidently. Onb gentleman wanted to know the other day why, if some jurors only ate one and sixpence worth, he was not allowed, as he elegantly expressed it, to take " the fat with the lean," and demolish five shillings' worth. It has, we believe, been seriously suggested by another juror that the half- crown, instead of the ticket, shall be handed to him every morning, as he says he can get as much as lie wants for six pence in a city restaurant, and pocket the two shillings. Again, there are some gentlemen who save their tickets for two or three days, and then bring their wives and families, for whose dinners they tender their jurors' tickets. One gallant jurer yesterday actually demanded that some ladies, who had taken seats at one of the tables usually reserved for jurors, should be removed, a proposition the manager respectfully declined to accede to. Of course, these contemptible tricks are only played by a select few of the number of jurors, many of whom refuse even to ac cept luncheon tickets, much less use them. 