FIRES. A fire, resulting in the demolition of a three-roomed weatherboard house,. occurred at the Quarries, near Wood end, on Thursday morning last. The house, which belonged to a Mrs M'Levey, was unoccupied and uninsured. The fire orifiinated in the W.C. and was-conveyed by the grass from thence to the house. It is supposed to . have been caused by the carelessness of children in play. Yesterday, a number of bush-fires were burning to the south-east of Woodend, and in the direction of Tylden. * Within about two miles of Woodend, near the property of Mr Jenkios, State Schoolmaster, one of the fires was burning and it was feared thtt damage would be done to fencing. We learn that an extensive bush fire has been raging for two or.three days in the vicinity of Mount. ELiza, the othcrside of Mount Macedon; On Tuesday, Mr O'Connor, of Hesket, lost a quantity of peas and oats by' fire, which was caused by a spark from the engine of Mr Kuibbs' threshing machine. TTO or three days previously a Mr French, of Rochrord lost by the same agent, a couple of stacks which were waiting for the machine. On Sunday afternoon the grass in Carters paddock, on the other side of the river caught fire, and before it was extinguished three acres had been burnt. • . Yesterday a very large bash fire was raging in the vicinity of Black Hill, bat up to the time of going to press no particulars had reached town. Fires have been very prevelact in Tara- <3ale of late. On Saturday, an unoccupied wooden structure at the top of Talbot Hill, the property of Mr James Rintoul, was burnt to the ground. On Thursday, a fire broke out iu a house occupied by Mr I. T. Riley, Talbot Hill. The crackling of burning wood woke the inmates, who cave the alarm, and the neighbors assembling the fire was extinguished before any great damage wasdojje, When all was safe the fact was discovered that a deliberate attempt had actually been made to burn the płaca down, as underneath tha building at the comer were the fire commenced was found a small pile of dry bark, a portion of wliich w^s charred and had evidently been used in starting the fire, and kerosena had also been sprinkled on the weatherboards, About three o'clock on Friday morning, an attempt was made to burn down the residence of Mr JULIUS THUREAU of Talbot Hill. Mrs NICHOLSON, who occupies a room at the rear of the house was sitting upright in bed when a great light was shone through the bedroom window. Being thus alarmed she ran outside and found that a bundle of bark was blazing against the building.Mrs NICHOLSON pulled the the bark away from the house and threw a basinful of water on it and also on the in bed when suddenly a great light shone 1 through the bedroom window. Being thus alarmed she ran outside and found that a bundle of bark was blazing against the building. Mrs NICHOLSON at once pulled the bark away from the house and threw a basinful of water on it and also on the side of the house. On Friday forenoon smoke was seen rising from the yard at the back of Mr Thos. Jacksons store! and when Mr Jackson jnr. proceeded to the spot he found that a water closet was in flames. Having applied the hose he won subdued the fire, but the place had to be pulled down to prevent the stable being destroyed. The origin of the fire is a mystery. About 400 tickets for the .banquet to be Siłea to Mr Service in Melbourne to-day. have beta sold, and it has been decided that the nnmW (JwJl be limited to 500,. as .the Ml will not conYoiyieclly accomodate more. "Jr W. K. Thomson is tó lt^je tj)p chair, and ^ [propose the teast of the eyening, viz. health of theguest. The other toasie will Mr Mttrrav Smith will respond to ttttot"Tlie Parliament of Victoria," and ttfi mayor wiH reply w> «iiat of Prosperity wnie AastraliauColóńie®.^ , -."•.! The Ballarat correspondent of the Melooiiriie Tdr/jroph writes-:-^Some uncompli notice has been taken of . bishop luornton having given mforma^on against a trwper tor riding beyond a walking pace'QVEr a crossing. The bishop was £ued the otUe- d^- for a similar breach of the bye-laws, ana hfc iofonu$(jon agaiiietthe trooper iBreprdea as a piece of petty spite by ia latge tramber rf people, who fa#ye subscribed c mrt PeOCe8 ŁŁa ^ ^ ^roo P ~~A fatal aeedeat fiftHf vo Pridi) & at St. M arj-'s C^thalril fty^ej ?S ™, ooaree of erection. A woikraan fljuned Mwwds was dear- ending ths ^mflMMnc 