THE HEATHCOTE RAILWAY. If the Sandhurst, Heathcote, and Seymour Railway League are to be successful in the agitation, which has been in progress for so many weeks past, there must be no flagging in their endeavors. An impression un doubtedly prevails that Mr. Bent favors the Kilmoro route, but after all it is only an impression. The route is, therefore, still an open question, and it remains to be seen whether the Government, in the face of the powerful interests represented by Sandhurst, Costerfield and Hoathcote (where, indeed, thero is no unanimity in favor of tlio Kilinore pro posal), and, indeed, of every district lying between here and the North-Eastern line it remains, wo say, to be seen whether the Government will have the temerity to listen to other proposals. This evening, in the Sandhurst Town Hall, a citizens' meeting will bo held under the auspices of the league, andagain, nuduotfor the first time, the claims of the districts interested will be placed before the public and through the press before the Ministry. The strongest of reasons in favor of the extension from Sandhurst might be multiplied almost ml infinitum, but it is scarcely necessary, for as this journal was the first to advocate a lino to Hoathcote, we have so repeatedly argued in Bupport of the proposition that our readers are fully seized of its importance. "When the Inglewood railway was in course of construc tion to the westward, we pointed out that the next movement should bo for a corresponding line to Heathcote, and thence on to a point on the North-Eastern line, as a step towards bringing tho Western, North Western, and Eastern districts of Victoria into direct communication. A railway of thjs kind is a national undertaking, but a branch line from Kilmore to Hoathcote would just as surely be tho merest of local affairs, of no great advantage to Heatlicote, and for all time to come would disconnect the populous and wealthy Bendigo goldfield from the comparatively depopulated and undeveloped neighboring goldfieldsof M'lvor. From a Sandhurst point of view there could possibly bo no two opinions in regard to the line, neither should thore be from a Heath cote standpoint. Indeed the benefits which the latter district are calculated to gain are greater than our own, for in any case Heatlicote will secure railway communication with Mel: bourne, whilst if our proposition be upheld the Sandhurst market-only 28 miles away -will bo opened to them in addition to the metropolis. Surely it is something for a small town to bo placed in communication with two such centres of trade, certainly to it the two most important in the colony. We are, of,course, very well aware that the Kilmore route would be tho most direct from Heatli cote to the metropolis, yet tho double avenue of trado, offered to the M'lvor dis trict, in our opinion, should far outweigh the deviation of tho railway to a point on tho North-Eastern lino above Kilmore. Looked at in any way, tho Kilmore route should not be entertained for a moment. An opportunity is presented to the Government of constructing a national line, of carrying out a work that should have been an accomplished fact years ago, and one so palpably requisite that we are astonished at this late hour of the day it is necessary to agitate for it. With these fenr remarks we will for the' present let the matter rest, but we trust j that to-night's public meeting will be one so j influential, and so representative of tho trading and industrial interests of the com munity, that its outcome will not fail to J have the desired effect on the Govern ment. PARLIAMENT.-Although a varioty of matters were touched upon in Parliament last evening, tho proceedings were only of ordinary interest. There was no quorum of the Council, and that chamber consequently adjourned to Tuesday next. In the Assembly Mr. Longmore, soon after tho House assembled, indulged in a characteristic fling at his quondam friends in tho Aye oll'xce, owing to that journal! having had the unwarrantable .impertinence to j remark that Mr. Lougmore, above all other men, is becoming a Conservative. No farther notice j being taken of this ultra- Radical's grievance, Mr. iBerfy elicited reply from Sir Bryan O'Loghlen that tho second reading of the Water Conservation Bill would be taken on Tuesday next. Mr. Burrowes then introduced j the Sludgo Bill. It was read a first time, and owiug to tho urgency of tho c?se, as far as regards tho Baliarnt and Creswick district, its second reading was fixed for Tuesday next. In Committee of Supply a vote of £964 was ap proved of to ba paid to the Korong Shiro Council for prater supply purposes, After wards ike appropriation of £-7S,000 for main tenance on various lined of railways was agreed to. Some progress was made with the Adulteration of Tea Bill, and the Minister of Lands then moved the second reading of the Land Bill. In a lengthy Bpeech Mr. W. Madden explained its principles, after which, on the motion of Mr. Richardson (ex-Minister of Lauds), the debate was adjourned to Tuesday next. The Chinese Influx Prevention Bill was next pro ceeded with, and though objected to by Messrs. M. Smith and YVrixon, a clause was added, on the motion of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, prohibiting any unnaturalised Chinaman voting at either a municipal or parliamentary election. The third reading of this bill was also fixed for Tuesday next. Tho consideration of the estimates occupied the remainder of the sittiug. The Chief Secretary's department was dealt with, and on its rising the House adjourned till Tuesday next. TUB SYDNEY DEMONSTRATION.-Although unfortunate on the tirdt day of this demonstra tion, tho tear., sent by the Saudhurst City Brigade distinguished themselves yesterday by winning the principal event of the day, and taking a good position in the other contests. The Temperance Brigade comes in for favorable mentiun, though we must say it is somewhat unusual for this brigade in a demonstration not to have taken a more prominent place. Our special correspondent in his report give details of the different contests. ATHLETIC.-Some Sandhurst athletes, who visited Castlemaino on Wednesday to compete at the Bicycle Club Sports, appear to have been very successful in securing the best prizes offered at the sports. The principal handicap footrace of the day was won very easily bjT John Donnelly, who has hefore distinguished himself as an athlete. The bicycle race was carried off by Crowle after an exciting contest, and the names of Sandhurst competitors appear in a prominent position in several of the other events. TIIE HEATIICOTE RAILWAY.-This evening a public meeting will be held in the Town Hall to consider and adopt a petition to Parliament in favor of the proposed railway from Sand hurst via Heatiicote and Costerfield to Seymour being induced in the Railway Construction Bill to be shortly introduced. In addition to Mr. R. Clark, il.L A,, who consequent on being a city councillor, is a member of tho executive committee, Mr. Fisher, M. L.A. for Mandurang, has notified his intention to bo present; and other members of Parliament will also probably address the meeting. Considering the importance of tile subject, auil the advantages which will accrue to the district by the con struction of the proposed line, there should be a large attendance at the hall this evening. The mayor of the city will take the chair at eight o'clock. STARVATION OF VOLUNTEERS.-It appears that the up-country corps which attended the review at SandriJge on the Prince of Wales Birthday, had to undergo an amount of suffering, in con sequence of doficientcommissiariat arrangements, which certainly reflect little credit upon the Volunteer authorities. The Telegraph is very wroth on the subject. That journal says:-"The country corps were brought to town and marched to the field without having been supplied with any food, entailiug an amount of prostration that no clear-sighted officer would inflict upon his troops. The majority of these men were out of bed at four or five in the morning, and travelled at least 100 miles by rail, followed by a march of about four miles before they had an opportunity of obtaining food. Even when they arrived on the field, about 12, it was intended to send them off at once into active drill, which, however, was fortunately prevented. Some of the men received assistance from the members of the Metro politan Artillery Corps who had already lunched. Whether as a matter of policy or mismanagement, this affair is equally reprehen sible. Attention to the commissariat depart ment explained much of the success of the German soldier in the Franco Prussian war. That system is much to blame which keeps the meu without food for three- quarters of a day, or admits men to the ranks who are not fit to undergo that fatigue. As a result, it was not surprising that men were fainting in the ranks right and left. Men from the Bendigo, Ballarat, and Castleraaiue Rifles were Wrought to the hospital tent in a pitiable condition." The Argtt.i remarks :-" Just hefore the hour at which the mimic action was to commence, Colonel Rede was informed that tho Mount Alexander and Ballarat Battalions were literally famishing with hunger. Six or eight members of their corps had to be carried to the hospital-cart, fainting from exhaustion. These men were at once attended to by Surgeon-major Gilbee, Surgeous C. Ryan, Rowan, and R. Peel, and in ( each case a simple restorative proved effectual. On. hearing this, Colonel Rede nave the up country contingeuts time for refreshments, and some delay consequently ensued." A PITIFUL CASE,-A case caino before the Police Court on Wednesday morning, in which an uufortunatu old man named Williamson was charged with vagrancy. Some time back Williamson, who is 75 years of age, received an injury to his eye, which necessitated his ad mission to the Benovolent Asylum. As he recovered somewhat, he again desired to seek employment outside, but, in consequence of a severe fall he sustained, he received injuries which will probably eventually result in the loss of his sight altogether. Lately he has been employed as night watchman at the Albert Company, Diamond Hill; but, as he found he was losing his Bight entirely, and acting on the advice of the legal manager of the oompany (Mr. Schilling), he gave himself up to the police. Au effort will be made to procure his readmiRsion to the Benevolent Asylum. Williamson has been a resident of Bendigo for very nearly thirty years. FAREWELL ADDRESS TO DR. WEI.CHMAN. Consequent on the approaching departure for Glenelgof Dr. J. A. C. Welchman, assistant resi dent surgeon at the Bondigo Hospital, the officers and employes, male aud female, last evening took the opportunity of presenting him with a handsomely illuminated address. The party, numbering about thirty, assembled in che board roo-n. Mr. Walter Fisher occupied the chair, aud read the address, which was couched in very complimentary terms, and testifying to the ability, energy, aud invariable courtesy shown by Dr. Welchman in the performance of his duties. The address was illuminated by Mr. F. Do Kock, and was enclosed in a gilt frame. Mr. Wilson, tho head wardsman, on behalf of the aervants, wished Dr. Welchman every suc cess, and remarked that all were sorry at his departure. Mr. J. O'Brien, house steward, as tho oldest official present, remarked that out of the many medical geutlemeu who had occupied positions in their hospital, uoue had endeared himself so much to the whole of the employ^ as Dr. Welshman. I)r, Colquhoun, resident sur geon, stated they all regretted Dr. Welchman's departure. During the eightet-n months he had worked with him in the hospital, their relations had ahvaya been of the moat pleasant nature. They all wished Dr. Welchman "God speed, health, and prosperity " wherever he might go. and however long he might live. He concluded hy proposing Dr. Wulohman's health, which was drunk with enthusiasm. Dr. Welchman very feelingly responded, thanking the company for the kindly manner in which they had spoken of him. During the two years hs had been con nected with the Buudigo Hospital hu had always been on the most friendly terms with the employes, and ho would always remember th>:m with pleasure. After some further interchanges of compliments the proceedings terminated. CONCERT BY Momaghax's BAND,--Tne third popular concert by tins band was given in tho Masonic Hall last evening. The audience was one of the largest for the seaton. Miss Laura Bassford, a young lady of about 14 years of age, contributed two snugs. The first, "Floating Away," was very nicely sung, and her rendition of "Broken Hearted" was really excellent. Mr. Geo. Jackson was well received in "Tho Scout," and also in "The old log oabin in the dell." The chorus was fairly rendered. The selections by the baud were exceedingly well performed, especially "Tho birds of paradise," " II Trovatore," "Overture to Zarapa," " The grand march millitaire," aud "The Bohomiau Girl." "The evening prayer," (King Manfred), for string instruments oulv, was so woll played that an encore was demanded, The fourth aon cert takes place next Thursday. THE COLONIAL MUTCAL FJRE INSURANCE COMPANY.-Tho third annual meeting of the above company was held yesterday at tho offico, Melbourne. In moving the adoption of the report aud accounts submitted, the chair man congratulated the shareholders on the fact that tho business of the company was steadily increasing, notwithstanding the keen compe tition which at present exists, tho returns for the past year showing a satisfactory increase 011 the oreyipus year. The extension of the business to marine insurance having been sanctioned, wo trust that with the co-operation of the body of shareholders on the books of the company, the business will materially increase in the future. A dividend at the rate of eight per cent, per annum was declared. The hon. A. T. Clark and Mr. David Spence, tho retiring directors, wero re-elected, and Messrs. John Maedenald and Alexander Gait were re-appointed auditors. TRAFFIC RETURNS.-The Victorian Railways traffic returns for the week ending 3rd Nov., show the following results, the number of miles open being 1,235, as against 1,100 for the corres ponding period of 1SS0;-No. of passengers 1SS1, 795,757. Total returns for week ending 3rd Nov., £4l.S93 13s S I; for the correspond ing week of 1SS0, £40,5^9 13^ 3d. Aggregate to date from 1st July, £534,572 15s 9d; for cor responding period in 1SS0, £495,313 Is 4d. Weekly average (IS weeks)-1SS1, £2G.69S 9s 9d; 1SS0, £27,517 7a lOd. Mr. Morris Bentwitch, tobacconist of Swan ston-stroet, at midnight on Wednesday, found a burglar undor his bed. On being dragged out, and taken to tho lockup, hp was identified as [Frederick Power, an' old criminal. He was brought before tho City Court yesterday, and remanded to Tuesday next, DISSAHSFACTIOS AT THE ECHUCA DRMOS sntATlo.s'.-Th-j lire brigades' competition which took place iu Echuca oil Wednesday has not passed off so satisfactorily as the competing teams from the different brigades desired. In the first place the judges appointed did not appear to understand their duties, for in several instances they altered and reversed their de cisions on the merest objection by dissatisfied brigades. At one time during the competition no less than four of the competing brigades were on the point of withdrawing altogether from tho contests, but were afterwards advised to competo out of courtesy to the Echuca Brigade. It is also stated that the judges were to a great extent influenced by one of the honorary members of a certain brigade, aud at one time there were indications of the competitions being stopped through his interference. However, to tho credit of the Echuca firemen, aud tho captain and secretary particularly, it must be 3aid they did their best to satisfy all parties. So great was the dissatis faction that, it was stated in Sandhurst last evening, tho No. 1 Brigade, which won two or three prizes, declined to receive them and re turned them to the Echuca Committee, IIow the affair will wind up remains to be seen. WKSLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL PJC.NIC.-The Hon. II. Clark, M.L.A., waited upon the Minister of Railways yesterday, to ask that facilities might be given by tiie Department for the conveyance of the children of tho Wosleyan Golden-square Sunday-school to aud from a picnic at Malmsbury, ou Boxing Day. Mr. Bent said that owing to the great demands on the rolling stock at holiday time, he could not promise carriages for the occasion, but the children could be conveyed in trucks. MANCHESTER UNITT LOME.-Last evening, at the Oddfellows' Hall, the usual fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Beudigo Lodge was held, and au official visit was received from the dis trict officers aud officers aud members of the various lodges in the district. After tho usual routine business had been transacted light refreshments were introduced, the chair being taken by Mr. S. H. M'Oowan, Provincial C.S., aud the vice-chair by Noble Grand Allsop, of the Loyal Beudigo Lodge. The usual toa3ts were proposed aud responded to, and a very pleasant evening was spent, songs being given by the various brothers of the visiting lodge?. A SAD CASE OF DROWNING.-About two months ago a man named William Coad was lost off the barge Border Chief, connected with the Adelaide steamer during a journey up the river, about 78 miles from Echuca, Coad was employed ou the barge with two other men named Neilson and Paynter, About four o'clock in the morning Coad took the wheel from Neilson and the latter went below. About an hour aud a quarter afterwards the man Paynter, who was sleeping forward in the barge, called out that the barge had struck the bank. The two men went on deck, but found that Coad was not at the wheel. Paynter took a dingy and went down the river, but could see nothing of the un fortunate man. They noticed the pump handle was broken, and they concluded that Coad was pumping water out of the barge, when the handle suddenly breaking, he fell overboard. On Wednesday morning last about 10 o'clock, the steamer Hero was coming up the river about 97 miles from Echuca, when tho master, Mr. Maultby, was informed that the body of a man was floating in the river near there. A search was made, and when the body was found tho steamer Invincible came up, and the two crews placed the body in tho dingy of the Hero. The body was then brought to Echuca, and handed over to the police. At an inquiry hold yesterday by Mr. Strickland the man Neilson gave evidence to the effect that he identified the clothes as those of his late mate, William Coad. He also recognised the slippers, and a key which belonged to the deceased's portmanteau. The body was very much decom posed, the f.ice being completely eaten away. The deceased was au unmarried man, aud was about 32 years of age. It is not known whether or not he had any relatious in this colony. A verdict of accidental death by drowniug was re turned, but the jury considered there was not sufficient evidence to 3I10W how the deceased got into the water. The above case has no connec tion with the finding of the body a fortnigh. ago in the river, near Gunbower, as described by our local correspondent. CONCERT at Goornong.-Our local corres pondent writes :-A concert in aid of the funds of St. George's Church of England, Goornong, was given here on Wednesday evening by some of the members of the Elmore Choral Society, assisted by some anntenrs from Sandhurst, and was thoroughly enjoyed by the large audiouce. The concert was opened with 44 Mendelsohn's wedding march," very well rendered by Miss Graham and Messrs. Long, violinist, and Johus, pianiste. The next piece, "The Druid war song," by the Elmore Choral Society, was artistically given. "They said that other eyes were bright," by Miss Knight, of Sandhurst, was sweetly and feelingly aung. " List words '' by Mr. Jennings, with chorus, was given in a clear Bpnorous voice, "Blue Alsatian Moun tains, " by Miss Urban, of Sandhurst; Miss Saggreper, accnmpanyiat. was nicely given. " Boneatli the Eim," Mr. Long and chorus, wa3 rendered in that gentleman's well- known style. "Never take the horae-ahoe from'the door," by Mr. Gromann, of Sandhurst, was received with acclamation. " Beneath the elm," by the Choral Society, was well sung. Mr. G. Barrow then gave "My old friend John," which waa well received. Miss Carry Andrews contributed " Sweet chiming bells." She was in good voice. The remainder of the programme was performed with equal taste and preoision. The concert was terminated with the " National Anthem." CITY COURT.-Messrs. Samuel and Harcourt, Js.P., attended at the police court yesterday. P. Davies was fined 10s., with 2s. Cd. costs, for cuttiug timber on Crown Lauds. A cabman named William Snook was fined 20s., with 14s. costs; in default, seven days' imprisonment, for using iusulting language towards another cabman named William Schunke. In a debt case, J. Richardson v. Joseph Haynes, goods, £10 7*. 2d., Mr. Hornbuckle, who appeared for the defendant, stated that ho objoeted to several items in the aocount, and therefore had only paid £9 7s. 10d. into court. After hearing the evidonce the bench gave an order for 10J. 10d. in addition to the amount already paid. A Chinaman, oharged with lunaoy, was committed to the Kew Lunatio Asylum on tho certificates of Drs. Colquhoun and Cruikahank. HiB name wa3 unknown, and he had been found in the hush near Swan Hill. THE TOTALISATOR.- Another attempt is about to bu made to legalise tho totalisator in this colony. Notice was given in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, on behalf of Mr. Simon Fra3t>r, of a motion for leave to bring in a bill " for more effectually preventing the evils arising from batting on racecourses." The bill referred to is the one passed through the Assembly in a former session to legalise the totalisator, TimNO-RK.N-T AGITATION".-The M'lvor limea has been shown a private letter from Ireland, from which the following rather discomforting extract is taken:-"Our friends in Victoria will hardly credit the state of affairs iu Ireland. At the present timo there aro in the work house two old ladies who owa property which should return them each £300 per annum, but failing to receive their reuta, through tho tenants refusing to pay, they are reduced from ease to poverty, and I dare say that there are many more in the same position, which is dis graceful, and should be put a stop to by the law of tho land." A CONSTABLE INJURED UY A LUNATIC.-A constable from Oastlumaine, named Locke, had an awkward encounter on Tuesday with a female lunatic h« was conveying to the Yarra Bend Asylum. Tho Aye states that he arrived safely with his charge at the Spencer-street station, and then placed her in a cab with the strait jacket on her. After they had proceeded a little distance she became very violeut, fixed her feet against the seat of the vehicle and, as she could not use her hands, butted at the constable. Her peculiar mode of attack ren dered it very difficult to hold her down, and before Elizabeth-street was reached she suc ceeded in inflicting very severe injuries on Constable Locke, having broken some of his ribs by butting lurn with great foroe. The cab man, seeing the awkward position the policeman waa placod in, drovo rapidly to the watchhouse, where Constable Looke was relieved, and Con stables Suthuiuir and Finoh were ordered to take the woman to the lunatic asylum, which they managed to do with great difficulty. Con stable Locke waa then removed to the Depot Hospital. THE EMERALD HILL IMBROGLIO.-The com mittal of Smith, the Emerald Hill storekeeper, for lunacy, appears to be likely to be productive of a fruitful crop of litigation. As already known, Smith sued Dr. Iffh, one of the medical men who signed tho certificate for his committal, and obtained substantial damages. He has alBO issued a writ against Dr. Foster, tho other certifying; doctor, for tho recovery of damages. Now a third suit is mentioned. The Herald savs:-It will he borno in mind that Smith bas asserted that Richard Strugnell, the butcher, residing opposite his shop at Emerald Hill, was guilty of improprieties with Mrs. Smith, This allegation Strugnell indignantly denies, but he apparently feels that even tho allegation of the supposed lunatic has injured him, for he has, through his solicitors, Messrs. Godfrey and Bulleu, issued a writ against Mr. Smith for slander, olaiming £1,000 damages, and has retained Messrs. I'urves and Kertui'd as counsel, Tiie trial will not come on till tho next sittings of tho Supremo Court. Should Strugnell suc ceed in his actiou Smith will probably have to disburse all tho damages be has obtained, or may obtain, from the doctors, for ho made similar oharges against soveral other persons, and they may be induced to follow Strugnell's example. M. B. Carroll, Mr. Gaunson's predecessor in the representation of Ararat, will (the Evening Mail states) shortly be released from Peutridge. ' ?Jho JJew £ealaud House of iRepressntativca f)ii3 disadWed, " THE MJT.BURN CUKES SCANDAL.- An Age telegram trom tsyancy spates:-The action taken by the Legislative Assembly in formally expelling Mr Baker, recently Minister of Mines, has created a profound sensation throughout the city, and forms a topic of conversation in politi cal circles. The decision appears to have given unqualified satisfaction, and the firmne:s of the Government is much applauded. The action likely to bo taken with regard to Mr. Garrett, whose case will come on on Thursday, is antici pated with intense interest. Notwithstanding the fact of his having placed his resignation ostentatiously ill the hands of his colleague, Mr. Kidd, for delivery to the Speaker, should there be an appearance of hostility towards him, no doubt is entertained that he will share the fate of Mr. Baker, and be expelled the House. THE UNITED FIRE BRIGADES' DEMONSTRA TION.-The Ballarat Fire Brigade at its meeting I last Monday night resolved to forward a protest to the United Fire Brigades' Demonstration Committee regarding the alteration of the date of holding the competition from the 24th May to the 17th. It was pointed out that the change would preclude many firemen from attending, in consequence of tiie month of March being the hottest period of the 3Tcar, when bushfires are usually prevalent, and therefore a large number of members would be required afc their homes. Tho members coincided with the views expressed by several delegates to the last demonstration committee meeting, that variable weather was generally experience ! in May, but that it was more than counterbalanced by the danger of fires occurring in March. HOLIDAY AT PENTRIDQE.-The prisoners at the Pentridge Stockade were permitted by the inspector-general to enjoy themselves on Wed nesday (the Prince of Wales' Birthday). All the men in B and C divisions assembled in the large mess-room, where arrangements were provided to carry out the programme, which consisted of songs, recitations, and other performances of an amusing character, and (says the Telegraph) a pleasant afternoon was spent by the prisoners, who conducted themselves in the most orderly manner during the whole of the day. ANOTHER IRISH MANIFESTO.-Another mani festo has been issued by the Home Rule leaders, calling on the Irish people to signalize the year 1SS2 as the centenary of Grattan's famous de liverance on the " Blow for Freedom." In order to bring pressure to boar on the English Govern ment, Grattan, Flood, and Charlemnut met privately in the beginning of 1782, and drew up for the consideration of the volunteer delegates two resolutions in reference to independence, and to these Grattan, on his own responsibility, and without the knowledge of Flood or Oharlemont, added a third in favor of a measure for the relaxation of penal laws against the Catholics. Ali these resolutions were adopted by the delegates unanimously, and Grattan, strong in armed support, repeated his motion for a declaration of independence, which, although it was lost, aroused such a general en thusiasm that when, on the 10'th April, he rose to move the declaration of rights, lie, in a brilliant oration, congratulated his hearers and his couutry on the triumphant issue of the struggle, his first words being "I am now about to address a free people." On the 17th May resolutions were passed pledging the English Government to redress the grievances complained of. A TRAVELLER.-Some time ago a gentleman named Morrison performed a voyage down the Murray from Albury to the mouth in a cedar canoe. He afterwards proceeded to Adelaide, overland, and from thence to New South Wales. Mr Morrison shortly intends to proceed to Africa, and search the neighborhood of Ujiji for what traces of Livingstone's memorable explor ation may yet remain. The Melbourne Herald is responsible for the latter as-iertion. PROBATE AND ADMINISTRATION. - In the Equity Court yesterday, probates were granted to the wills of:-William Hobs, £37,523; Alexander Fletcher Lewis, £3.050; Donald Miller, £515; W. M'Douald, £2,350]; and Robert Phillip Sim- j inons, £3,G17. Letters of administration were granted in the estates of Jane Hamilton, £3,5SS; and Christiua Volkman, £2,234. The registrar granted probate to the wills of David Bayne, £350; Ambrose Tibbits, £445; Jos. Craigie, £327 ; Thomas Gilligan, £150; John Willis, £250; Nathaniel Dickson, £5; John M'Kenzie, £215; James Hemming Webb, £459; Robert M'Laren, £320; and William Alexander Dowling, £297. The Registrar also granted letters of ad ministration in the estates of John Jamison, £290; Henry Baldwin, £150; Thomas Nazy, £397 ; Daniel Fahey, £10 ; Charles Forbes Meadie, £48; William Treozau, £90 ; Emily Goshell, £480; Archibald M'Lean, £307; Cathe rine Mary M'Master, £300. STRANGE CASE OF POISONING. - A few days ago (reports the Hay Standard) a rather peculiar case of poisoning from taking goat's milk oc curred to a family named Gale. Mrs. Gale, one of her children, and Miss Rutherford, who resides with the family, were taken suddenly ill, and Dr. Wilkie was sent for. when he found that they were suffering from some kind of poison. The child was very ill, and great diffi culty was experienced by the doctor in bringing it round, but it, with the others, has now re covered. The goat did not appear to suffer in any way, but two kids belonging to her have since died, leading to the belief that the poison was in the milk, The doctor intends to have it analysed, so as to learn the cause of the extra ordinary effect the milk had upon those who drank it. THK CAMPBELL'S FOREST RACES are announced to lie held next Wednesday in M'Lachlau'a paddook. The programme comprise* five events, viz., Maiden Rsce, Handicap Flat Race, Hurdle Race, Trotting Match, and Consolation Stakes. TUB WEATHER -The weather yesterday was agaiu very fine. In tho morning the sky was I cloudy, but the afternoon was clear and pleasant and the evening the same. The ther mometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co's., Pall Mall, yesterday as follows:-9 a.m., 09°; 12 a.m., SO"; 3 p.m., 73"; 5.30 p.m., 71°; maximum, S3"; minimum. 53°. Barometer -9 a.m., 290-145; 5.30 p.m., 29°390. AN EXTRAORDINARY M AIUUAUK,-The Star says:-A nuptial event took place in Billar.it on Tuesday whioh has created considerable in terest in a wide circle. The bridegroom, who has seen "at least some SO summers or there abouts, and has a train of adult grandchildren, led to the altar a blushing widow approaching three score. The lively octogenarian was for several years a farmer on the Creswiek road. Fortune favored him, and he has latterly been able to retire into private life. He has the real Hibernian prefix "0" to his surname, and no ordinary cypher it is, having descended to him through an illustrious line. The worthy spouse is well and favorably known as the whilom landlady of the Garryowen Hotel, Melbourne road. The Evening Mail says :-J. J. Miller and partners, one of whom is the well- known "Terry O'Brien" of Sandhurst, made £30,000 over the last race meeting, and Mr. Miller's income from the sweeps has averaged £3,000 to £1,000 a year for some time. An old man named Henry Homans, aged 73 years, was on Tuesday found by tho Melbourne police near Queenstnwn, in a starving condition. The poor man was living in the bush in a hut by himself. 