lal. i v. Bir -imewhat » Thomas Junty of ie owner e before division of .y for the reference ne Anne ..rta, last .. lair attendance . rnity ; and in the ab sense of the president, Mr. John Keppie .as been the acting President nearly since the establishment of the club), Rodgerson was voted to the chair. The proceedings commenced by the minutes of the ural meetings of the club, which were confirmed; after which the Secretary, Moses Smith, presented the committee's t for the past year, which was as follows of Committee of the Paterson Cricket Club for the year ending Sept. 12th, |1882. Gentlemen,-Your committee, in submitting the of their proceedings for the past year, congratulate the members of the club upon their success in Id during their first season just closed. following is an account of the transactions of ib for the period above mentioned:- ches.-Your committee have arranged and 1 out fourteen matches - ten first eleven matches and four second eleven matches. Fol- lowing are the first eleven matches :-First Morpeth United C. Club, won by Morpeth ; 1 match with the second eleven Albions, of Maitland, which resulted in favour of Paterson match was with the Cambridge Club ves -d, Cambridge winning; fourth m " e Gresford Club, Gresford winnii iwithflrst eleven Albions, of WeBt/Ai".i. lions; 6th match was with Vacy rtlub, Pamr g; 7th match was with Oakendale Club, erson ; 8th match was agni'.'nst Alexandria nev ** ^rson winning J 9th match was .»i- 'rebítfd, w/üich waa won by oin match waa the «.-turn match with >, which waa won by \ Paterson The id eleven matches consisted ol\2 matches with ¡econd eleven of Vacy Club, Ind 2 with the nald Club, all of which were slfvissslully won e Paterson second eleven. It wi ' be seen from bove that out of the 14 matches loyed during eason, 10 were won by the Paters., n Club. ur committee have to report thut-although s are 31 paid-up members at the fixed sum of OB, nember, that the subscriptions were not sufficu o meet the requirements of the Club, owing to i of the cricketing materials not turning out aB AB might have been expected. It was deemed sable by your committee to have a concert in )f the funda ot the Cub, which was carried out satisfactory manner. The proceeds, after all nses bad been paid, left a balance of £3 12s, ing a total of £11 7s, to be handed over to the surer during the season, 'ter the Club had been organized a short time, lames Cann offered to give a trophy to the high iverage score during the season, under euch con ins aa the committee might arrange and think Mr. H. MouDsey al-o volunteered to present a hy to the highest individual score gained in a eleven match. The arrangements made by the mittee with reference to Mr Cann's trophy were tint any member of the Club who should gain the test average score, participating in two-thirds of first eleven matches, would be entitled to the thy. The following is a list of the scores during aeaBon : No. oi Most in Aver Innings, one innings, age. 11 ... 79 ... 80-c Ebbeok. 4 ... « ... 30-1 .ucker. lfi ... 55 ... 9-3 ucker.. 16 ... 52 ... 91 [.Donald. 15 ... 27 ... 6-u [.ucker. It ... IS ... 6 5 .atfleld. 12 ... 29 ... 64 iwu.. 17 ... 13 ... 4-1 tuddart. 17 ... 16 ... 3-1G .mit»'. 12 ... 9 ... 3'í -'.er. 4 ... C ... 3 der. 10 ... 7 ... 2'9 tin. 7 ... Ç ... l.G »rae. 10 ... 8 ... 1-2 lounsey. 3 ... 2 ... l our Committe in conclusion have much pleasure oorting that tbey have been given to understand ia the intention of the Trustees of the >n Ground to fence and work about four d on the recreation ground tor the Club and we trust that this will be encourag ibers and induce them to attend regular the Club may retain the reputation ed for itself. »port was loudly applauded, *n in moving its adoption, s Secretary on the very able ".¿epared report he had drawn ¿ratulated the Club on the large success which had attended their i to the present, feeling sure that ?est shown bj the respectable attend- it evening, and the many friends that b would make when the report became iroperty would further enhance its y. He called upon all lovers of the «ame of cricket to give the club any ¡ment and assistance, so as to enable ohtB of the willow to maintain the 'îich their past achievements had concluded by hoping that the . C. would go on and prosper, íes Oldfield vxiefly seconded the I ' the report, and on being put, the I carried unanimously, wer, Mr. H. Mounsey. then sub nancial statement; «leading that nail balance in bp> ef which w° mously by the m,eew «.c business w " the f>r " " ¿r, H. ."rotary, M. Smith I ,, J. Tucker, "W. T. J. Oldfield, and W. jen by ballot out of ounced his intention e beBt acore by any ;ng the season, to form of Maltese ¿he offer waB re .c applause and club, by the chair jsby for his gene the retiring officers Busby, which was artin, and carried by ¿ucker responded as a tee, in a brief though ite of thanks was also an, and briefly acknow ho then called for three jn cricket club, and three ' Queen, which were each j at inclined us to believe i" possess lungs of no is brought to a cloBe a d highly enthusiastic .-ThoBe -nil-known pro 'ntertainers, Mies Carry ¡\ M'Fadyen gave one of inments in the Oddfel ay night, and notwith , Bhort notice of their an, they had a very fair jom of the hall being com Tbe usual programme of dramatic and operatic I 'brough to the ap- j As?orr.^íao"M,tNT 0F THE H E- H. AND A. the £ mÄ SH,°!í' QaA°T»-It will be noted that sesterd?« lleH °f ¿h.eu A8ä°°i««°»>, at the meeting bera Aaíd0r8eí the "cti°n °f «orne of ita mern in ?h. « ^B5».putíhB88<1 ,B8t week «ome allotments j?e neighbourhood of the show ground. The 2tt f^Ä i8 trÍ8DKulí*. "1 tai frontage T riohf .- ? Melbourne-street, the street tbat ruíU*' ítí£«.S B.,e8í° ^uth Park road, and of 3&LW; " by l&. 8tree>runnin«í PwHel with that faine a Kvans* street opens into LDutb B-"- - * SL of a street forming a ripht " hl8 consent. The of tbis purchase is fiu Wednesday last, before î?vl}* v8.ho,7 «-*<"*, B- "W". Doyle, and John Swan, J.'sP. The accuaed was convicted and sentenced to BÍX months' imprisonment in Maitland Gaol. PUBLIC SCHOOLS.--Our ever active mem- ber, Mr. H. H. Brown, has succeeded in doing good service to both the public and Public school teachers, not only in this electorate but throughout the colony, by calling the attention of the Government to matters con- nected with schools and teachers. The teachers, it appears, have, unlike other civil servants, been obliged to pay for their stationery and postage for official correspon- dence out of their own pockets besides having to bear the expense of having their schools kept clean. This we understand will, through Mr. Brown's action, be speedily remedied, and the teachers will be placed on a proper footing as regards such expenditure. Another very important matter which Mr. Brown from his place in the House referred to, was that provisional schools in poorly populated places have to be established at the expense of the people interested. And we sincerely trust the Minister will give the matter the consideration he haB promised, and be able before long to make ample provision for the Stance of people in outlying districts uo are anxious to establish schools. Every encouragement should be given both in town and country to educate the rising generation, who will before very long, have the governing of thiB our native or adopted land with all ita prospective greatness. How important it ÍB then that they should be an enlightened and educated race. THE "WEATDEB.-Generally the days have been quite warm enough to be pleasant during the last week or two, and remind us that the scorching days of summer are fast approaching. The mornings, however, are sometimes just the reverse, and a few mornings ago we had a rather sharp frost, which did much damage to the young grass in low places. -Several light showers bave fallen during this week, doing much good to the growing crops. Paterson, Sept. IGth, 1882. BRANXTON. Last evening, according to notice, several influential residents met at the School of Arts, for the purpose of devising the best means of calling the attention of the Government to some local public wants. The police atation and public school were on the condemned Hat, and juatly BO, the first-named being an old tumble-down wooden structure of perhaps forty summers, and the school and residence of insufficient accommodation. An improve- ment committee was formed, and some work done ; consequently, we are likely to soon hear of the good results of their representa- tion. Sept. 16, 1882._ COORANBONG. POLICE COÜBT, MONDAY, 11TH SEPT., 1882. (Before Edward Reeve, Esq.., P.M.) A COLLECTION.-At the request of the Police Magistrate (before the commence- ment of business") the handsome sum of .£3 15a was collected in the court, for the widow and five young children of a much respected reaident-by the unexpected death of the head of the family suddenly plunged into difficulty and distress. The P.M., when the money was handed to him by the senior solicitor for this charitable purpose, warmly thanked all those who had thus generously responded to his invitation-and especially the legal gentlemen then present. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.-Edward Maher, of Deep Creek, in the district of Brisbane Water, appeared in court on summons, charged with having, on the 31st of July, 1882, in a certain public thoroughfare in the said district, called " the road to the reserve," made use of obscene language, within the hearing of persons then and there being. [The language alleged to have been used is quite unfit for publication.] Mr. E. W. Thompson (of Maitland) appeared for the complainant, a married woman, named Edgtton; and Mr. A. Gorrick (also of Maitland) appeared for the defendant. Mr. Gorrick objected that the defendant had re- ceived two summonses under the one infor- mation, dated the 14th August ; and unless the case was withdrawn and begun de novo, nothing second case could T- q* court held that only the one ; 'v not his consisted of that of Mrs. Ellen Mrs. Alice Warburton, both married women. Three persons swore positively to the words alleged inhtning beatmation to have been used along the the ...heading back to the re- serve. Mr. ... the defence objected that the evidence ... two women did not establish the case, and did not prove that the alleged words were used by defendant in a public thoroughfare as set out in the sum- mons and information. Mr. Thompson, for the complainant, pressed for a conviction, under the express terms of the fifth clause of the Vagrant Act; although he was quite ready to admit that the evidence did not prove that these words were used "in" a public thoroughfare. The vari- ance relied upon by his learned friend was immaterial. Mr. Thompson cited the arguments in Cunliffe's case, in support of his contention herein. The bench having ruled the " variance" to be immaterial, Mr. Gorrick called Mrs. Sarah Agnes Masters, to show that the words had not been used, Mrs. Masters averred that she had heard all that had passed between Mrs. Edgtton and defen- dant at the time and place referred to, and she did not hear .such words, although she admitted that they were wrangling together. This witness was rigidly cross- examined by Mr. Thompson.-The evidence of James Masters and James Maher (a brother ot defendant) was also adduced, and went-as far as it did go -to deny, in Borne degree, that the track, close to one side of which the alleged words were used, was a public thoroughfare.-Mr. Gorrick addressed the Bench for the defence, and, after him, Mr. Thompson supported the case for the com- plainant. The language proved to have been used was very bad indeed, and he must press for a conviction.-The Bench found defen | dant guilty, and ordered him to pay a fine I of £1, with 5s lOd for costs of court ; and I A considérai in the F fflVQtM I áÜo to pay two guineas for professional costs 'recoverableby levy and distress. In default to be imprisoned in Maitland gaol for one calendar month. The fine and coBts were' immediately paid. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.--William Maher, of Deep Creek, in the district of Brisbane Water, appeared in court on summons, charged with having, on the 31st of July, 1882, in a certain public thoroughfare in the Baid district, called " The Road to the Ee serve," made use of obscene language within the hearing of persons then and there being. [This language, of a very offensive character, is quite unfit for publication.] Mr. Gorrick (who appeared for the defendant) said that defendant had received two summonses on the one information-as in the preceding case-and that unlesB the case was withdrawn nothing could legally be done. The Court ruled that the information (which fully set out the nature of the offence) had not been dealt with, and thought that the caae must be proceeded with. Mr. Gorrick then further objected that the language complained of waa not obscene, even if it was offensive. The words alleged to have been UBed by hie client were vulgar and insulting ; but, aa he con- tended, they were not " obscene words." The Court, after due consideration, ruled that this objection was fatal to the information and that the language was insulting rather than obscene. There were no obscene words mentioned at all. The information was con- sequently dismissed, and tv i de indant was discharged with a caution *c wai oointed out to the bench by one of i ?» lega gentlemen present in the court that %. <»s L ' this kind could often be effectually dealt v» th under the Recognizance Act of 1876, 39th Victoria No. 27, section 1, Oliver's StatueB Voluu-e 2, page 1993. Certain technical difficulties, arising sometimes in dealing with such cases under the Vagrant Act, might so be obviated. BEEACH OF THE FISHEEIEB' ACT.-George Parker, Joshua Parker, Joseph Morris, and Henry Page appeared before the court on summonB, charged with a breach of the Fisheries' Act, 44th Victoria, No. 26. The charge stated in the information was that " on the 17th of Au«»>-' 1882, George Parker, Joshua Parker, joseph Morris, and Henry Page did use a fishing net for the purpose of catching fish, on the prohibited waters of Lake Macquarie, contrary to the Fisheries Act 44th Victoria, No. 26. The information was laid at Cooranbong, before a local magis- trate, by Mr. William Boyd, of Lake Mac- quarie, an inspector under the Fisheries Act. Mr. Eeadett, of Newcastle, appeared to sup- port the information, and Mr. Thompson appeared for the defendants. Mr. Thompson objected to the form of the summonses issued to the defendants herein. They were charged with an offence collectively in the summons, and with such an offence separately in each of the summonses. He also objected to the form of the information altogether as void for uncertainty. It did not even state under which section it had been drawn, and did not even disclose the nature of the imputed offence. The applicability of the clause (under which he supposed it was intended to be laid) to the locality spoken of by means of some express proclamation was not shown, and that proclamation itself waa not even mentioned. Mr. Eeadett (who explained that he had not seen the informa- tion before that day) urged that there waB no material defect in it, inasmuch as it disclosed a breach of the new Fisheiiea' Act. It waa, he contended, a mere irregularity in drawing of the information, that the section referred to (the eighteenth) had not been expressly mentioned therein. It was only an irregu- larity, however, and not sufficient to oust the jurisdiction. And as to the word " use," taken exception to-although the expresB words of the section bad not been adhibited, terms exactly equivalent had been inserted. The Police Magistrate Baid that he had not aeen either the information or the aummons iasued thereunder until that morning, and that the information in his opinion was clearly defective. It did not set out the precise nature of offence charged ; it did not even mention the section under which it was supposed to be drawn, or the proclamation by which any breach of that section (if it bad been specified) was made locally applicable He should not-even if he had been per aonally applied to-have ventured to draw an information for any breach of this new Act, without legal assistance. The local officer had doubtleBB done his beBt, but the in- formation was clearly void for uncer- tainty. The informations to be laid under a new and difficult act, with complex and stringent provisions should, at least, come before a Court of Petty Sessions in proper legal fornrf. The information was then formally d/smissed by the bench as defective. Mr. {Thompson said that no less than seventeen/breaches rmeht be committed in regard to th«>* ~ '. ' " c the Fiaheries' ^ -nde'1 '' .nformation "" I nosed to be laia. ! INSULTING LANGUAGE.-James Ma«, peared charged with having uaed inau language on the 29th of Auguat, in a public place, whereby a breach of the peace might have been committed-a breach of 15th Victoria, No. 4, Section 6. The information, which (like the preceding) had not been laid before the Police Magistrate did not specify what was the public place-or where it was -at which the insulting language had been UBbd. Mr. Eeadett (who explained that he had not seen the information before that day) appeared for the complainant ; and Mr. Gorrick for the defendant. Mr. Gorrick objected that the terms of the information were radically defective, inas- much as the place where the offence was alleged to have been committed waB not stated. Mr. Eeadett suggested that the terms used would be sufficient if the neces- sary facts became a matter of clear evidence. The Bench dismissed the information, and ordered a fresh information to be laid, free of charge if applied for. SEIZTTBE OF TIMBEE CUT ON CEOWN LANDS. -The Court waa then occupied, for some considerable time, investigating the claims of several peraons to timber seized on (under the Crown Land Eegulations) by Forest I Banger J. B. Eyall, in the performance of his duty, as having been cut by persons not having timber licenses, or licenses continually renewed. Some of this timber seized was re-1 leased by order of the Police Magistrate, after due investigation, and upon legal " de-1 clarations" of lona fide ownership, in contra- vention of no law. In other caaes the P.M. refused altogether to interfere, and issued summonses for breach of the Crown Lands Acts. The Court, which (with a quarter of an hour for refreshment) had been sitting con. tinuoualy from 10 a.m., rose at a quarter-past six o'clock in the evening. NEW ENGLAND. (iron Vie Armidale Express, Sept. 15.) On Wednesday morning a thanksgiving service was held at the Roman Catholic Cathedral, Armidale, for the safe arrival of the TJrauline Sisters. After the service about 50 people, amongst them a fair sprinkling of members of other denominations, adjourned to the Bishop's residence, where an address was read and presented to Dean O'Connor by Mr. Kearney, on behalf of the subscribers, together with a puree of sovereigns. Dean O'Conpor expressed his thanks in suitable terms, and said he was gratified at having won the good-will both of members of his own church, and othera not of bia creed. He hoped that hiß future conduct would merit their continued regard. His Lordship Bishop Torregiani expressed his gratification at the selection made by him receiving the endorse- ment of the-people, and spoke in eulogistic terms of Bean O'Connor. His Lordship sub- sequently took the SiaterB to the school, and the children were given a holiday. CLARENCE AND RICHMOND, (from the Richmond Uiver Express, Sept. 9.) An inquest was held on Thursday last, by the Coroner (James Stocks, Esq., J.P.) and a jury of ten, to enquire into the circumstances attending the burning of a dwelling house with contents, and a barn used as a store and cart-house which stood near the residence, at Deep Creek. The property is owned by Mr. Zuill, of the Clarence, and was occupied by Mr. J. F. Anderson, who, however, waa in Grafton when the fire occurred, and no person was left on the premises. The place was burnt on the night of the 19th AugUBt, and from the fact that there were no bush fires in the vicinity on that date, and from other circumstances, it is evident that the place was maliciously set fire to. After a quantity of evidence had been taken, the jury brought in a verdict that the place had been wilfully set fire to by some person or persons unknown. The buildings belonged to Mr. Zuill, and the furniture to Mr. Anderson. The loss is eatimated at £150. 