AGRICULTURAL NOTES. The hope so generally expressed at the j close of the past week when rain fell that the ' drought had broken up at hist, did not last long. The rain speedily passed off, the sky ? again became clear, and the sun poured down i bis ferviji rays with such vigor that it looked j as though we had 'just entered upon a new J summer season ? instead of being near the j close of one. This must have been a sad dis- ! appointment for those who, through the ' favorable change which had been promised, \ had indulged in visions of replenished tanks ] and dams, and hopes of hearing the music of running waters once more. The cry of ' scarcity of water unfortunately has no* abated, aud many ploughs are now idle through want of moisture in the soiL This state of things can scarcely be ex pected to *last much longer, aud we hope soon to be able to report an abundant supply of the precious fluid having , fallen, especiuly in those districts where the i want of it is now so severely felt. The Mel- i bourne Leader, of March i, reports : — ' The ; change from extreme heat to a cooler atmos- i phere that has taken place during the past : week has been a welcome one, and the - showers that have fallen did good service in : chicking the bushfires, which had begun to. . assume somewhat alarming proportions. The j rain, which is anxiously looked for, both i with respect to filling the reservoirs and j softening the soil for autumn ploughing, has ; given indications of shortly setting, in. \ Among other signs is the breaking np of the ?? the drought on the New South Wales side. \ As a rule, the breaking in that ; quarter precedes a similar change here.'r , And we may add that it has frequently been observed that a good fall of raininthe eastern colony has been the precursoY of a similar : visitation in this colony. So there is ground for hoping that extreme heat will soon give , place to more seasonable weather. The ; weather and the crops in Great Britain are thus spoken of in the Mark- lane Express of ; January 16 : — ' Mild weather up to the middle -& January is making the winter pass easily away, so far. There is very little room ! for complaint up till how, for, on the whole, farm work is in a forward state, and the young crops continue to look remarkably well. Nevertheless, the time is getting on, i and much of the land is too wet for . ploughing', so that dry weather is be- '? coming a necessity which is being looked forward to rather anxiously.' In ; its issue a week later the same journal ; says :— 'A week of foggy weather, occa- '. sionaUy colder, lias left agricultural matters : much in the same position they were a week ago, except that the season is a week later. ! The clay lands are still very wet, and seed time is coming on apace : in fact, beans and peas will be got in the first opportunity. Dry weather is now gi-eatly needed, for the first week, although without rain, was also with i out wino, ana the land is scarcely the drier ' ; It will be remembered that in hist week's ' notes we directed attention to a plan which i was being adopted in Victoria of mixing j arsenic with oats for use as a rabbit de- i st rover in place of phosphorised oats. A ! telegram recently received from Melbourne j reports that very satisfactory accounts have ] been received by the Minister of Lands from j the country districts of the destruction of rabbits by means of the mixture of arsenic and oats prepared according to the recipe we published, last week, and also by_ the use of phosphorus and bran. It is said that the rabbits refused to touch the phosphorised oats, but ate with aridity the oats and bran prepared with arsenic, and died by hundreds in consequence. Those who suffer from the depredations of dogs may be glad to hear of a plan adopted by a, farmer in America for trapping dogs which worried his sheep} and which proved to be eminently successful. Here is the tale as told by the LynchbnrgK. Virginian: — 'A Virginia fanner, having suffered severely from the depredations of dogs upon his sheep-: fold, built around a number of sheep that clogs liad killed an enclosure of rails 12 feel' iiiglTanid 10] feet square at Hthe ground, jfche2 sides of tlie.trap sloping inward until :an opening was left about five feet square. Any dog could easily climb such a sloping fence ana enter the- pen, but not even a greyhound could jump out of it. In three nights the farmer captured forty-six dogs, including fifteen or twenty that had never been before in that neighborhood. This after there had been a public slaughter of all dogs suspected of sheep-stealing, save one, whose master could not' be convinced of his guilt. The trap was built for his especial benefit, and it caught him the first night. How to raise a good cow is a subject which has considerable interest for farmers generally^ and especially for those who are engaged in dairyfarming. The Ohio Farmer, ? an 'American paper which is extensively quoted as an authority on matters pertain ing to the farm and . farming, says on this point : — ' The only way to raise a good cow is to 'choose a good calf, feed it well and judiciously, and feed it faithfully, and do not get weary in well doing. It is held by some that a calf fed upon such food as stimulates milk secretions will be greatly influenced in the formation of the milk glands. Certain it is that milking traits are hereditary, and this can ? only be secured by breeding under the farmer's own supervision — selecting the fittest, and feeding to attain the end sought. By raising his own cows the fanner has two chances as against one where lie. buys his cows. ? The subject of salt as a fertiliser has been under discussion by the members of the Massachusetts Agricultural Society, and the deliberations have resulted in the society arriving at the following conclusions on the . manurial value of salt :— 'That salt has the property of hastening the maturing of all grain crops ; that wheat on salted land will ripen six to ten days earlier than on un salted land, all other conditions being equal; that it -increases the yield from 25 to 50 per cent. ; that it stiffens the straw, and prevents rust and smut ; and that there is no danger of a man's pocket permitting him to put too much salt upon his land, as two barrels per acre will injure no grain crop.' With reference to the applica tion of salt to the land, it is said, ' The best time to sow salt is in the spring,- and it ought to be the first thing done on either fall or. spring ploughing, as all after-stirring of the land assists in its equal distribution through ' the soiL The best and easiest method of sowing salt, in the absence of a machine for that purpose, is to.sow it from out of the rear end of a waggon,- the sower using both bands while the team is moving at a slow walk. In this way thirty to forty acres can be sowed in one day. The quantity used may be from. 150 to 300 lbs. per acre, but the larger quan tity is the better.' There is nothing so calculated to provoke a man's temper as a jibbing horse, and to have a method pointed out by which an animal may be cured of this annoying propensity should be welcome to~any one who is unhappily possessed of a jibber. In the hope that Some good may result from their publication, we give the following remedies for this vice: The great horsebreaker Rareysays : — ' If you want to break a horse from baulking that has long been : in that habit, you ought to set apart a half day for that purpose. Put him by - the side of some steady horse ; nave driving reins ? on him, tie up all the traces and straps so that there will be nothing to excite them. Do not rein them' up, but let them have their heads looser. Walk them about together some time as slowly and lazily as possible; stop often, and go up to your jibbing horse and gentle him. Dp not take any whip about him, or do anything to excite him, but keep him just as quiet as you can. He will soon learn to start off at the word, and stop 'whenever you tell him. As soon as he performs rightly, hitch him in an empty waggon ; have it standing in a ravoraDie position ior starting, it wouia be well to shorten the trace-chain behind the steady horse, so that, if it is necessary, he can take the weight of the waggon the first time you start them. Do not drive more than a few rods at first; watch your jibbing horse closely, and if you see that he is getting excited stop him before he stops of his own accord, caress him a little, aud start again. As soon as they go well, drive them over a small hill a few times, and then over a larger . one, occasionally adding a little load. This process will make any horse true to pull.' The following anecdote, showing ;. how stratagem prevailed over force in curing a jibbing horse is . related in 'Horses and Hounds:' — 'Agentlemaninourneighborhood having purchased a very fine carriage horse, at a high price, was not a little annoyed, upon trial, to find that he would not pull an ounce, and when the whip was applied he began plunging and kicking. After one or two trials the coachman declared he could do nothing with him ; and our neighbor, meeting my father, expressed his grievance at being thus taken in, and asked what he had better do. The reply was, ' send the horse to me to-morrow morning, and I will return him a good puller within a week.' The horse being brought was put into the shafts of a waggon in a field with the hind wheels tied, and, being reined up so that he could not get his head between his legs, was there_ left, with a man to watch him, for five or six hours, and, of course, without any food. When my father thought he had enough of standing still he went up to him with a handful of sweet hay, let down the bearing rein, and had the wheels of the waggon released. After patting the horse ] on the neck, when he had taken a mouthful or two of liay, he took hold of the bridle and led him away — the waggon followed, thus proving stratagem to be better than force. Another lesson was scarcely required, but, to make sure, it was repeated, and after that the horse was sent back to the owner. There was no complaint ever made again of his jibbing.' 