COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. [From our own Correspondents.] GLADSTONE February 22. Another batch of prisoners have been brought to Gladstone Gaol. The heat of yesterday was intense. large fires burnt in Wirrabara Forest last night, the lurid glare from which lit op the surrounding country. Water is very scarce. All the dam 3 are dry and there is hut little stored. The weather promises a change. PORT OERMEIK", February "22. A sale of suburltan land wa? held here last night, but there were few buyers and it was not a success. The Itody of a mm w.i? found on the beach tliis morning, and was identified as that of a seaman who was lost overboard from the steamer Star of Hope last Thursday. An inquest wilt be held to-morrow. Anicecoolcliangcliassetin, Iwtnorain has fallen. The wheat market is very quiet, and little isdoiog. PORT PIRIE, February 22. The weather changed during the night, and to-day it has been cooL A slight shower felL Mr. Boyle, tlie secretary of the Amateur Dramatic Club, has handed to the treasurer of the institute the sum of £10, the result of Monday's entertainment, in aid of the bond ing fund. Mr. Barnard supervised the stage arrangements at the entertainment. The cricket match of the season between the Port Pine Club and a combined eleven from the Wandearah Club, east and west, and tbe Hundred of Pirie, was played today. The combined team won by three runs. WALLAROO, February 22. In reply to the message sent by the corpora tion respecting the water supply, the Com missioner of Public Works lias stated that he will endeavor to arrange with the smelting company to start distilling water as cheaply a? possible. This morning it was cloudy, but only a sprinkling of rain f eU. It is now clear. The splendid meteor referred to by Pro- fessor Lamb was visible here on Friday evening, and was greatly admired. The pro- fessor's description of it corresponds with our observations, except that instead of disap- pearing behind a cloud the meteor tailed off like a rocket, and sending out brilliant stars suddenly appeared to spend itself in a tiny thread of light. MOCXTGAMBIER, February 2£ Dr. Jackson has resigned the position of Assistant Colonial Surgeon at the hospital here. He leaves for England in about three months, and intends to stay there a year or two. On his return to the colonies he will probably settle in Melbourne. The doctor has I>een here for thirteen years, and is en titled to a considerable retiring allowance. A bushfire started near Tarpeena a few days ago, and spread thence to Mr. J. C. button's Pleasant Park, Mrs. Mackinnon's Kaladbro, and Mr. Crowe's Mingbool stations. A great deal of grass and a few fences were burnt, but no other proi>crty was destroyed. The fire is now being got under. Mr. H. A. Price, the manager of the ?National Bank left here for Adelaide via Karracoorte yesterday afternoon, to join the firm of William Milne, jnn. & Co. Mr. A. Loutit, from Kooringa, has taken his place bcrc. Mr. C. J. Valentine, the Chief Inspector of Stock, ha? been here during the past two days, and left this afternoon for Vallum en route for Adelaide. IMeuro- pneumonia is said to be prevalent on the other side of tlie border. \ cry little is known about it here, as there is no plcuro in this district. < Inly a few drops of rain fell to-day. The weather is now fine again. 