AGRICULTURAL ITEMS. The JHTifcipal news from rural dabicb, totberfwii that of disutrooi bosh- fires, it abotrt \he returns of the harvest. InsevenI disteScte tbe yields are noticeably good, •while in other* they are under tbe estimate made a mooth or tiro ago tf the probable retarDS. Thia district ia one of tbe fevorad ones. Eaat and west unosually heavy crops have been reaped, aad with reaalta wbieb have been very cheering to tbe barmen. In. tbe north, in tbe narhborbood of Batherglen, the ararage yield of wbeat « j ISi bushels to tbe acre, and of oata from 14 to?0 bothdi to tbe acre were garnered. In the Morton Plains district, wheat averagofi 4 bnabela to theacrev and in Gladstone Genuity u average of 5 hnahela of «kot ia reported. In the Kara Kara district wbeat tniged 7 bushels, and ronsd Kaanzkab, wbnre 20,000 bags of wheat are now lying, waiting for railway carriage, tbe greatest yield wax 28 bushels, tbe amallost 4 busbtSs, and tbe average being about U baskets. Tbe yield through tbe colony ta expected to be somewhat over the imp. The "severity of th« droojfit near the I^xidon baa caused nttr-nia^ machine* to be inoch enquired 4er and used in certain pacta of the district Our (H*Mmlasitu!) travelling reporter; wbo has lately been there, baa noticed the Atthonae windmill engaged in pumping wa£er from tbe river, and doing it in a very efcetive tte^e- An account a f tbe starting of one oi these mills at tbe irawWifw of Mr Dcrid Cobtts, Ehnswood, near tbe Beipeatiaa, was teaently given fay s Bentigo contemp*rsry:—null procured by Mr Cootts ts one -df "the largest toe, *ui by means rfit hia-bouae U almost as wdloffin: the matter Of water eupply aa bouses in: large centres population. Tbe Wf this, ia effected is aa follotrs—A abaft has beenj sank on tbe bank of the Ianddoa, a <xaei datable dktance from tbe boose, and a, drive .put to tbe river. Tbe au& is erected over tbe shaft, down wbicb and' along tte drive tbe psrap it passed tato the water. Under the month of the ' placed^wo 403 gallon tubs on a tail tonn^S feet bigh, which are kept full t$- the pox^p. From the are laid a^ercice pipe «-hich goes over tbe house and fcitchon, coedncts water into a trough at tbe stable, where also there is a boee for washing the borers, and in tbe front garden tbeie ia another hose. The elevation of tbe tuba a sirSdeut to give a good pressure to tbe hoses. Oc the day of the visit thfc wbtdmcB pumped tbe two fall, 800 gallons, in exactly twenty-three minntes.'' Such a supply aa tbis would almost permit of irrigation being oarried on upon a moderate sale <m boos farms. At all events, crops at maim .and other green staff conld be grown »tbe driest •emnmcr. Tbe Ingleaood AdarrS&r; states thatover fifty of the marhinew have been already placed throughout this district, and i;t is not too much to predict that in a short space of rime every river fans, and every '.farm with a good artli hi water, "rill be fond supplied with one of thsee wonderful labor- ;eaving machines.* 1 Tbe Seven- mile reservoir, Myflta, tbe only available water which haa, 1 or > length of time back, supplied tbe districts of WychiteUa, Backrabanynle, KoroBg Vale, and Boning, was drained dry on Tfenreday last, the inhabitants oi these neighborhoods having now to drive their stock, and cart their sapplies from tbe Kinypanial Creek, at Feraihnrst. The privations and sufferings thai at present prevail in thoae districts, through want of water, is simply deplorable, and unless Tain shortly falls mast result in cattle and other stock perishing. I hardly know of a single farmer wboae time ia aot solely occupied carting water. Numerous farmer* have started to bore for water on their own lands with just an ordinary aager and rods; but fio far I have not beard of any water being struck.—Boort correspondent of the Independent. Scarcity of Water.—As indicative of tbe scarcity of water for domestic purposes in tbe K&marooka; district, we are informed that farmers when bringing their produce to the Sandhurst market cany empty barrels with them, which they leave at Hantly. On their journey homewards they take back the barrels filled with water from tbe Coliban main recently extended to Hontiy. Some of these unfortunate people bave thus to cany water for from nine to sixteen miles, hence it seems that the four wells in tbe Kamarooka district do not, so far as pure water is concerned, resemble die scriptural cruse, which we axe told never on dry.—Advertiser. A gentleman from Clydebank, Gij stated yesterday that threshing was in that locality, and that tbe wheat crop would average oyer 20 bushels to tbe acre. Oats and barley bave also given retains over the average of_ previous yean.—Tones. L a r g e q i of -wheat (says tbe A r amflcoorte Herald) are daily arriving pa train at Karracoorte and Kingston from the Tatiara and border districts. There has been an nnnsnally heavy yield on tbe Victorian ode of tbe border this season. For wheat delivered at University Block, 4s per bmihel is being given by Messrs Dunn and Company. Harvest reports from tbe country districts of Sooth Australia (says the Argue) are good. One farmer is said to bave averaged 44} bushels to the acre. " Great Farmers' Demonstration" isacommon heading at present in tbe British agricultural papers, over reports of crowded meetings of farmers, who pass each resolutions as the following:—"That this meeting is of opinion that the conditions of agriculture have undergone changes'which render it is impossible for a large proportion of farmer to canyon their business at present rents; that equitable concessions have become urgent; that landlords should be asked to bear a share in the present depression; therefore, this meeting recommends tbe tenants on each estate respectfully to approach their proprietors, requesting a readjustment of rents on current leases, or liberty to quit with the privileges of oat-going tenants, and reasonable compensation for their improvements. 