ITEMS OP NEWS, : By aoind at preterit unaccountable mistake our usual Melbourne letter did not arrive last night. j A harvest tharikagiving service will be held in Christ Chuitih this evening, commencing at 8. A collection will be thado in aid of the choir music fund. ' The following notice of motion lias been given by the Mayor for the next ordinary meeting of the Borough Council to be held on Thursday : — "That a rate on the assessment bo struck bn all rateable property within the botoUgli for the year 1882." The man Charles Tubby j who was brought up at the Police Court here' oh a charge of indecent exposure and remanded to Malmsbury, was brought up there yotterday, found guilty, and tentenced to - one month's imprisonment with hard labour. . The name of the. Venerable Aroiideacon Craw- lord appears in; Hie list of passengers of the Northumberland, which . sailed on Saturday. Amongst the arrivals at' Melbourne bn Saturday from Tasmania were the Horn Nicholas Fitz- goraldand family. ! The following Was the .ievei of water in tht district -reservoirs on Saturday : — Crocodild Gully, level with byewash j . Expedition Pass, lltin. bBlow byewash ; Barkers Creek, 9ft. Ojfn. below byewash. There lias been no rain fall in the district during the past week. ! Raphael's English Opera Co., consisting of twenty-four performers, who have been recently playing at Sandhurst to large houses, have en gaged the Theatre Royal for the evenings of Fri day and Saturday, when they will put on the boards the favourite operas of Martha and Mari- tana. .' : ! A concert for the benefit of Mr M'CancO, who bras recently burnt out at Chewton, will be givdn ' at the Recliabite Hall, Barkers Creek, to-morrow evening: An attractive programme lias been prepared, in, which appears the names, of. several Mies and gentlemen who have promised their cb-operations - - — — i Some smart travelling is reported of the mem bers of the Bicyble Club. Four of them started off in company on .Sufaday arid made a run to. Maryborough ih 2f hours,' .which is at the rate of over 10 miles an hour. The distance by rail is 34 miles, and by road about 28 miles. The re turn journey was taken more leisurely, it having occupied 3A hours, being ah average of About 8 miles an hour. \ The Australian Blondin gaVd an Open-air per formance in the Market- Square last- . night, and though he had many persons to look at himj the .ihajority consisted of boys, who would not' con tribute much, moh'ey to. th6 clown/ who : took round the ' bag to receive gratuities. Young- Blondin is a clevor performer oil: tho tight ropO, but we fear he will not reap much profit by his present method of exhibition. Castlemaine was encircled with smoke yesterday, apparently coming from numerous bush- fires. Towards the south-east the densest masses of smoke came, and there being scarcely any wind, they hung heavily around. The atmosphere was thus rendered more than ordinarily dense, and though the sun was frequently obscured, the thermometer at the maximum was 85 degrees in the shade. The barometer was firm, and did not indicate the approach of rain, which is now much wanted. Tho following are -tlib deliveries of wheat, flour, and other produce by the Victorian rail ways, Tit tho Spmittsratrsct station, for the week ending 18tli February — Wheat, 52,165 bags; flour, 2132 bags; brail, 1791 bags ; pol lard, 179 bags ; screenings, 118 bags ; oats, 13,716 bags ; peak, 2330 bags ; barley, . 6480 bags ; malt, 70b'agS ; maize, 30 bags ; potatoes, 170 bags ; carrots, 17 bags ; sharps, 129 bags; canary seed, 29 bags ; chaff, 11,012 bags and 399 bales. At Sandridge : 63 bags of wheat and 1972 bags of flour. At Wflliamstown : 29,278 bags' of wheat and 17g0 bags of flour. : The Chinese aro carrying out their new year festivities with less noise and with less suiriptu- ousness in feasting than they have observed on such occasions in former years. This may be due to the greater difficulty that the tub and cradle men find in procuring gold from ground that has been well ransackod before. Those Chinamen who have turned their attention to gardening do not appear to be disposed to throw about the. money they have earned laboriously, and these causes operating, renders the new gear's jubilations less demonstrative, than cus tomary. i A giant cod, Weighing 1201b, has been cAught bjy.ari Albriry fisherman. . A man named James Taylor was fined- L3 and Costs ; at the Sandhurst police court yesterday -for a breach of the Mines regulations. . Taylor neglected to fix shackle to bottom of cage, and put oh wooden washer.-.: The pin fell through, and caused another.- mirier named Simmonds to fall, breaking his aim. 1 A fire occurred at "the sawmills known as Buzza's at Sandhurst yesterday 'morning by which they were totally consumed. The place had only, recently.; been . taken by; a young man named Hume, who is a loser of everything, the place being uninsured. The fire is supposed to -have been caused by a tramp sleeping there. , _ The unfortunate man Saunders who lost his life on Friday last in a noble but unsuccessful attempt to save the two fishermen whoso boat /capsized at Queenscliff, was (says tlio Courier) for a number of years a resident of Linton, where he carried on business as a bookseller and newsagent. Mr Saunders was in early life a 'sailor, and always took a keen interest in aquatic . pursuits. He sailed the yacht Argyle on her 'trial trip on the Linton reservoir, and in one or twomatclies she "sailed on Lake Wehdoureo about a year ago. Not long afterwards liis old ilove for saltwater induced him to remove to Queenscliff, whore he has met his death in an 'heroic endeavour to succour two of his comrades who wore perishing before his eyes. ! A rather novel point (says the Independent) criiuo.bofore tho Eaglehawk Police Court on < Saturday, when a publican named John Corka- dul'o was charged with Sunday trading. Mr Hornbucklo, instructed by Mr Rymor, appeared for thf> defendant, and took exception to the summons, which, ho submitted, disolosod no of fence. The interpretation clause of th'o Act, clauso 3, -defined a difference betwoen boor and ale, and the former was mentioned in tho sum mons, whereas it should have boen ale. Mr Webstor : — "I'd like to know tho difference be- tweori ale and beer. What is it ?" Mr Hom- bucl;lo remarked that he did not know, as he was not a brewor, but there was a distinction drawn between, tho two in the Act. In Burns' Justicoand several Englishauthorities, a distinc tion was also - made, and the case of Cornish v. Elliott, tried in Molbourno, settled tho point. A distinction was drawn in all tho licensing acts, and the point had been raised successfully before. The Bench upheld the ' objection, arid- dismissed thecase. A telegraph office has recently been ripened at Smeaton. . Tho passengers who arrived at the port of Mel bourne by sea during the past week numbered 1383\. Of those 1014 came from the neighbour ing colonies, 365 from the United Kingdom, ftlld 4 from Calcutta. At Brisbane, on Saturday, Alfred Hanvood, ; the master of tho small steamer Talisman, was fined L70 for. attempting to convey 31 islanders from the Logan to Gal-dwell without a passenger license for that vessel. j A van containing a German, named H. A. Mallfeldt, and his son, drove down the Nan-ne railway cutting on Saturday, when tho vehicle met with an accident near the Aldgate pump. The father Was killod, but the son was no.t hurt. The appearance of diphtheria at Penshurst, in the Western district, has been repotted to the Central Board of Health. The fadt that two persons are now suffering from that disease lias Been reported, and the local board has been in structed to adopt every precaution to prevent it spreading. A prize fight took place on Sunday, hear Ade laide, between Charles Nurse, brickmaker, and George Reardon, labourer. It was stepped after three rounds by ten constables, sent for the pur pose by the authorities, wlio got scent of the fight. The combatants and three aiders and abettors were arrested. A boy nained E. Hall, two. and a half years of age; whoso parents reside in George- street, Sydney, was killed on Sunday under painfnl circumstances. Tho little fellow got out of bed in the morning, and while playing with matches set fire to Ms clothing, and was dreadfully burned. He died in a few hours, in great agony. The Government (says the Gippsland Mer cury) lias a chance of gaining a considerable sum of money from mistakes made by persons iri using the duty stamps, _ We saw a pro missory note on Thursday wliioh ought to have had Is 6d iri stamps on it, but the firm no doubt with their usual liberality, put on, as they thought, a 2s Btamp ; but before it Was defaced it was dis covered to be a. L2 stamp, just 38s fid more than was required. A telegram from Sydney, en Sunday, stateB that the medical superintendent of the Coast Hospital reports that the child Charles Brearley, whose symptoms have been of a most severe character from the commencement of his attack, died of small-pox on Saturday night, and was buried in the cemetery. Mrs Brearley's infant and Jessie Stewart, a servant in the sanatorium, have contracted the disease, but the other patients are doing well. A fatal accident occurred at Dunolly,on Satur day, at Specimen Reef, to a boy named Robin son. The lad was put on a horse to ride hrime, when the animal shied and threw the- rider. The lad's foot hung in the stirrup, and he was dragged some distance along the ground. When picked up it was found that he had his leg and arm broken, and his skull fractured. He lingered in great suffering till 11 olclock, when he died.. -; - " V ' . We (Bendigd Advertiser) . are ftreJibly in formed that a little girl,' between'- IT and 12 years, on her dying bed, within a few hours of breathing her list, was, a few days ago, punc tured , hi!', over with needles, and croton oil rubbed/in, by Mr Fischer, the Baunsclieidist, The agony of the poor creature is described as having been dreadful. She screamed with pain, and cried /out, "lam frying," " It is cruel to treat mo so," and, within a few hours afterwards, death meroi- fullyreleatedherfrom hfit terrible suffering. This in'the nineteenth century. . . At tho Charlton police court, on Saturday, Mr T. H. Nicoll, of Conooor station, proceeded against William Walton, a selector, in the neigh bourhood, for wilful trespass .in taking water from a tank situate on tho ground Of winch the complainant is the pastoral' tenant. . The evi dence showed tlj'at no objection had been raised iigaifi&t; the defendant taking water for domestic use only, but'he had also taken it -for sheep and stock, although he had been cautioned against doing so. The defendant was fined 5s with L2 2s costs.. . At: the Ballarat: Court, on Saturday, David Miller, 'convicted on two charges of forgery and uttering, was sentenced to 10 months' imprison ment on each 'charge, to be ciuriulative. Sarah Bai-by, convicted of concealment of birth, was sentenced to foul1 months' imprisonment. Wil liam Wakeliam, charged with stealing gold from a race at Smythesdale, was acquitted and dis charged. John Alpon, convicted of grievously wounding his wife, was sentonced to six months' imprisonment, and afterwards to find two sureties of L25 each to keep the peace, and to be imprisoned until the sureties are found. ' Sarah Ah Kew, charged with neglecting her infant, was remanded to the next General Sessions, and to find bail in two sureties of L50 each. Richard Gray charged with feloniously entering a dwell ing, was acquitted. Charles Henry Watson, the manager of the Dunkeld branch of the Colonial Bank of Aus tralasia, was placed in the Melbourne lock-up on Saturday night, On a warrant charging him with stealing L230, the money of the bank. It appears that the accused visited. Melbourne re cently on a few days' leave, and while absent his successor discovered a number of serious irregularities in the books. On tho matter be ing reported to the head-office Watson was de tained, and an information beirig sworn against him on Saturday he surrendered to the detective police. Watson is only 25 years of age, and has been in the service of the bank for upwards of eight years, during which time he worked him- rielf up from a junior clerkship to the position which lie occupied when the defalcations were discovered. Watson was brought before the Melbourne Police Court yesterday, and on the application of the police he was remanded for a week, being admitted to bail in L1000 and two sureties of L500 each. ' The Bligh Watchman relates that " on Mon day, Mr O'Connor, contractor, was making his way from Guenedah, on foot, his horse having knocked up. He left Rocky Glen at eleven a.m. depending on getting water at Munnin- Creek, 19 miles distant, but on arriving there he found the small drop of water in an old well putrid with the carcases of eight dead kangaroos. Dis appointed here, he pushed on fifteen miles to walk in the heat before he could get drink, but when hear the town his sufferings were so great that he lay down to rest. Ho does not know whether he slept or not, but it appears to have been dark When lie rose again, and in the confusion he tumod back tho way he came, and was mot by John Neate about seveu miles from town, travol- Iingback towards Rooky Glen, stripped and carry ing his clothes in his hand. Mr Neate had ho water with him, but as he was riding a mare Which had a foal, he managed to get a drop of milk 'to moisten the sufferer's lips, and then, dismount ing himself, the good Samaritan gavo his horse to O'Connor, and walked into town himself." Tho time of the Eaglehawk magistrates was taken up on Saturday in tho hearing of two cases, both of a peculiar nature. The first was a charge (states tho Bendigo Advertiser) pre ferred by a married woman, named Daly, living at Moyors Flat, against tho manager for the Korang railway lino, Mr H. K. Hall, for having committed a rape on her on 30tli January last. The prosecutrix, a robust-looking woman of about 30, and apparently possessed of no small share of assurance, gavo her evidence in a very unsatisfactory manner, and before she had con cluded the bench wore of opinion that no assault had beon committed, and dismissed tho case. Tho noxt charge was by H. K. Hall against Mrs Daly, for attempting to extort money from liim by threatening tho above action. Hall provod that on tho night of tho alleged rapo ho did not leave his offico, but '.that frequently the woman callod upon him, and asked 'him to come duririg- her husband's absence to her Jwuse. .'He.re-T fused to gdj arid at last she said that if he did not giVe her L20 she would liavb him arrestod for rdpb. fie refused to give her any money, preferring to havo the case heard in tho law courts. Tho woman frequently asked for money, and finding that Hall was about to summons hor for attempting to extort money sho laid an in formation against him for rape. Hor evidence was a tissue of falsehoods, and was a fabrication from beginning to end. Several witnesses were called by Hall, and eventually the defendant was committed to tako her trial at the Assize .Court, j Throughout tho case the woman did not appear , to feel hor position at all. The hearing lasted from eleven 'O'clock to four o'clock in the after noon. 