INTERCOLONIAL TELEGKRAMS. VICTORIA. £From our own Correspond exit.] Melbourne, January 9. The new grain shed erected at the Spencer- J street station, which cost nearly £30,000, and j is capable of storing ten thousand tons of grain, was opened ta-day, and already a large I quantity of grain has been stored. j Another case of smallpox at the quarantine j stat'on was observed on Saturday, the putient j being Jas. Crowe, aged 20. This makes six in all. Two of the patients, William McCann ! and Thomas Brinkworth, are becoming con- I valescent. The other three are—John Morgan, attacked on 5tb inst.; Albert Copstick, aged j 18, attacked on the 7th • and Mary Cleary, severely attacked on the 7th. The most ! serious case is that of the girl Cleary, which is seimconSuent. Ail those on the station have been vaccinated. j An important capture was made by the police at Flemington to-day. Mr. Steigleitz reported this morning that 557 sheep had j been stolen from a paddock near Footseray, j and detectives were soon on the track. They traced the sheep to the Flemington sale-yards, and arrested a man named Bruuiiing, who had just completed arrangements for selling them. Melbourne, January 10. A heavy gale was experienced at Melton to-day. Trees were blown down, haystacks upset, houses gutted, the roof of the police forage store and lockup blown away, and great damage done to the Presbyterian, and English churches. The managinglcommittee of the Melbourne Hospital met to-day, whan Dr, Millar, super intendent of the hospital, read a report respecting the statement made by Dr. Youl, the coroner, at the recent inquest, reflecting on the sanitary conditions of the hospital. I The report being considered satisfactory, and | a sufficient answer to Dr. Youl's charge, was adopted. The diamond drill in boring for coal at , Kilounda intersected a seam of hard coal 4 inches thick at a depth of 237 feet. The Garonne left the quarantine station on Monday night for Sydney, and cleared the Heads this morning. It is believed all the passengers were landed at the quarantine station, but. the official report is silent rn that point. The repo ts received from the health officer are vague and meagre. To-day he telegraphed to the Chief Secretary that he boarded the Garonne last night and removed another doub ful case, Rob?rt Richards, a single man, and isolated him for observation. He gave a modified health bill to the steamer, which left last night. The Central Board of Health have adopted every precaution to prevent the introduction of smallpox into Victoria, and have no fear about the infection spreading from the Graroune, but are in daily dread of the disease being communicated aoroas the horder at Wodonga from Sydney. Imme diately on the first smallpox case being re ported,^ a special Gazette will be issued and effect given to the clause in the Vaccination Act, providing for a heavy penalty upon any persoq neglecting to report a case of smallpox occurring or* his premises. Hospital accom- j modation has been provided, where the small pox patients can be isolated. The health authorities will not enforce the removal of all patients to the hospital where a wish is expressed to have the case treated privately. Steps, however, will be taken for the isolation of the patients, and the premises will be placed under the surveillance of the police to prevent needless communication with the public. If the patient is a poor man, with a family, the Government will provide, if necessary, provisions and necessaries of life for the family. The health authorities have power to remove to. the hospital three classes of patients, those residing in any common lodging-house, those ahoard vessels, and those having improper lodgings. ^Melbourne, January 11. A burglarious entrance was effected last night into the National Museum connected with the University, and a large specimen of quartz studded with gold was abstracted. 4-nother case of smallpox has broken out at the quarantine grounds. The patient is a Dane named Gustave Heid Pren, aged 28 Two more suspicious cases have been dis covered and isolated for observation. All the cases are progressing satisfactorily. The Chief Secretary received a telegram from the health officer stating that the passengers bad petitioned for cricketing and lawn tennis materials, and they were forwarded in due course, NEW SOUTH WALES. £From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, January 9. Bushfires are raging in the Braidwood and Golbourn districts. The graziers are appre hensive of a drought. A thunderstorm with rain was experienced in Sydney to-night. Sydney, January 11. The first locomotive engine made by the Atlas Company, in Sydney, was successfully • tried to-day between Sydney and Parrauiatta. At the Bathurst City Council meeting to day great indignation was expressed as to the badness of the water supply. The sickness prevalent there is attributed to the water. 