A Visit to the Wilde River. By the Rev. J. E. Tenison-'Woods, F.G.S., F.L.S. {Conclusion.) My inspection of the Mulgrave goldfield was $oon concluded, and then I had nothing farther to detain me in the North. In returning to Trinity Bay, the weather was fine and dry, and, as is usual in such cases, the bush fires were extremely numerous. It is not everywhere here, however, that the bush will burn, In the shady dark and damp tropical forests such a thing as a bush fire never occurs. There is too much moisture, and the ondergrowths of rich green leafy ferns and fern trees are always dripping with moisture. Thus it happens that one almost universal character of Australian scenery is wanting here. There are no charred and blackened stems or grim charcoal stumps to be seen. All the timber is round and trim, green and mossy, covered with lichens or the numerous vines, climbing palms, and aroide; just as they have been for hundreds of years. However beautiful and venerable this is, it has one great disadvantage, and that is that the settler cannot look to fire to help him to clean his ground. It must all be the work of the axo and the spade, and very tough and rough work it will be, for most of the wood is as hard as ebony. It is a very great pity that it is so. _ These forests cover the richest soil in Queensland. It is capable of growing anything that a tropical climate can produce. I may go further, and say that the soil is as rich as any in the world, for it is not only in itself a fine volcanic loam, but it has been invigorated for ages with a never-failing supply of decaying vegeta tion. For sugar and euch like products it could not be surpassed. Nevertheless, it will require tremendous labour to clear it. I don't say that this will not be done, and probably soon done. Of late the desire to invest in sugar plantations has brought a great number of speculators into the field. All the rich low lands on the east side of the range which were any way clear of timber and salt water have been gradually absorbed by the sugar planter. Well, not exactly all, but all that were easily accessible, for there are immense tracts of such country in the wilder districts still untouched, and soon these also will feel the influence of the sugar mania. There is no denying that Queensland has a wonder fully rich inheritance in these sugar lands. Just now there is only the commencement Been of what they may be made. In a few years the town of Mackay has become an immensely wealthy centre of the sugar industry ; and 12 yeara ago the lands were only opened up. Three years ago I accompanied an exploring party as far as Mourylian Harbour, and left them about to survey the rich lands of the Johnstone River. There is not a vacant acre of good land to be got there now, and the whole country is being planted, and sugar mills are going up on every side. Just as I left Trinity Bay last year, a land sale had taken place at Cairns, and some of the sugar lands had been bought up at high prices ; yet the bulk of the good soil in that locality had not been touched. A Chinese settler has cleared a little of the more open scrub at the back of Cairns, about two miles from the sea, and had planted it over with sugarcane within the last few years. It is now a most valuable property, but there is still plenty more about Cairns and on the Barron River. In fact all the coast from Cairns to Cape Flattery, a distance of about 120 miles, has extensive patches of rich alluvial soil, which will take many years to settle upon. Sugar will be the main industry of North Australia. All that is wanted is population. The land is there, and the climate is there ; but at present it is almost a solitude. As wo passed along the open forest road between the foot of Mount Walsh and Cairns the scenery again was most beautiful. To the right ri6e Murray Prior ranges, with the purple outline of the Bellenden Ker beyond in sharp and serrated outline, and with many a granite peak projecting, yet for the most part clothed with euch a dense dark forest that nothing but the leafy mantle of vegetation could be seen. In the fine ?weather of those days, with the bright sky and still brighter fleecy clouds of the south-east trade winds, it was astonishing how clearly every object could be seen. But this is rather the exception than the rule. We could perceive quite plainly on the mountain sides that the natives were making signal fires to one another. All at once on the dark elope a slight smoke will be noticed, and in a few moments it becomes such a thick, dense column of white fumes that one wonders how [such an effect can be produced. It goes on thickening and increasing for about 10 minutes, until it makes a very conspicuous object in the scene, and then begins gradually to fade away. It is not long before it is answered from some distant hilltop, precisely in the same manner; and in a short space five or six of these signals will be s sen gradually fading away on the distant mountains. The presence of a boat on the inlet was always the occasion of a multitude of these signals, and on the day I came down along the Bhores of the Barron the presence of our party was the occasion of a general illumination of the hills. As I have already said, the bush was on fire as I returned, but the wind was blow ing freely, eo that the haze was not great. We left Alley's crossing- place on the Mulgrave early, expecting to get to Cairns in the afternoon. But, alas for human hopes ! It had rained a good deal while I was up the country, and our first misfortune was in crossing one of the very deep creeks which convey the drainage from the fiteep ranges on our left to the inlet on our right. Instead of taking the ford, two of my pack horses went into the deepest waterhole, wetting all the luggage, and, what was worse, my collections of plants. la getting them but I had to swim my horse, and thus came in for a considerable amount of moisture as well. There was nothing for it but to unload and dry the things, or at least reject the spoiled plants ere they spoiled all. But as (he collec tions were undone, matters were found not to be so bad as we thought, and in an hour we were on the road again. I am afraid the baggage was more loosely packed this time, for as we passed over some smoulder ing ground one of the animals got a start, and in shying shifted the pack. Then commenced a brilliant equestrian display, in the way of buckjumping and kicking ; and in the end, when everything was swinging loosely about him, he started off full tear into the bush. We kept him in eight for a little time, every now and then some of our things flying into the air out of the packs. At last he disappeared. Leaving my companion to follow him, I returned to the melancholy taBk of picking up what few things I was likely to find. Just imagine what the task was of trying to and all sorts of articles, from a dinner knife to a compass, in a burnt country, or where the grass was as high and thick as an oat paddock. I shall nerer forget the miseries of that afternoon ; the heat -was fearful, with bush-fires all round, my companion was away, the blacks were all around us, and I had nothing with me to scare them away. My task was to search for the scattered baggage and look after the horses. About nightfall I had recovered about half the things, and got them into a heap, where I covered them with bark. My companion then returned ; he had seen plenty of traces of natives, but the hone was gone with all the pack harness and one of the bags. Our fear was that he would get entangled by the straps in the scrubs, and fall an easy prey to the native epears. We had no means of taking away any of things we had recovered, so left them, and made our way to the nearest settlement, about seven miles away. This we reached rather late, as our horses were thoroughly jaded, and after a well-earned night's rest went back to look foi the horse and baggage. The first saved us any trouble by meeting us on the road about a mile from our camp. He was harnessed, but the bags were gone, How he had escaped the native epears is not easy to tell. The myalls had speared every horee that was left at large for a long time pre vious, and that very day some had been seen prowling about the paddocks. However all is well that ends well. With few exceptions all my baggage was re covered except a small number of mineral specimens, and most of the Herberton dried plants. Next day early I got into Cairns, and thus brought to an end a long but to me a most interesting journey. It remains only to add something about the results of this trip. First of all, with regard to the tin mines. I have already expressed what I think about those of Herberton ; but I cannot too emphatically repeat that we arc only on the threshold of the mineral resources of the colonies. I mention this because it is as im portant for New South Wales as Queensland. A very large portion of both countries is taken up by granitic formations of precisely the same age and character as those of the Wilde Eiver. A good deal of it is covered by a tbin crust of modern volcanic rock, and probablv this will turn out to be the best and richest, because it is there that the alluvial or stream tin will have been least disturbed. But tin is not the whole; copper and silver will both be extensively found in Queensland, besides load, antimony, zinc, and man ganese. More than this, it only wants training under an experienced eye to show us how to collect and value the gem stones which are certainly abundantly there. Amongst my collection I have many small sapphires and rubies, and there are large ones also easily to be found. In the granite of Cape Grafton there is a seam of graphite, and it would be worth while looking for diamonds in that neighbourhood. In short, to enumer ate all the mineral riches of Queensland would make a locg list. I can only repeat what I have eaid previously, that those mines already known are permanent and of immense value, the true extent of which is not even guessed as yet, and of the probabilities of mines still to be found. Queensland has a more reasonable prospect than any part of Australia. Truly Queensland is a tavourel colony. In her southern districts she has coal in abundance, - or as good as any in Australia, and I should say aB plentiful, with gold mines, and wonderful pastoral and agricul tural lands. In her northern districts she has gold, silver, tin. copper, lead, zinc, and antimony in abund ance, with perhaps coal, and certainly sugar lands that can vie successfully with the best of the West Indies. If these things will not in the long run make the colony great, no material resources will. At present capital and labour are wanting. It is no part of my enquiry to enter into the tangled skein of political problems which surround these latter questions. All I know is that everything seems to languish, and will languish until these wants arc supplied in a measure far beyond what colonists are able just now to foresee. But one thing I do under stand, for the recollection is most pleasantly impressed upon my memory, and that is that Queensland is a de lightful country in which to live, and its people make it bo. The climate certainly is warm, but the welcome everywhere, the kindness, open hearted sympathy make everything else easily forgotten. In spite of many privations and much rough travelling, I must eay that I always turned from Queensland with a lingering regret that was only brightened by the hope that I should again visit the place and its people before long. With this hope still fresh I close my account of a visit to the Wilde River. 