EPITOME OF NEWS. CrWt compile the following Summery <K Colonial •renta from the mdooi jonroala to band A. cocjfiEY journal says The New Li censing Act: The proprietors of some of toe drink shops in the country have had to tax their ingenuity when preparing for the inspector's visit. One landlady fitted up a lumber-shed as a .bedroom. A close examination of the pillow led to the dis covery of an indifferent ham rolled up io some calico. Truly, the Licensing Act is becoming a fearful instrumentof demoral isation 1 Mr, B. Ramsay, member of the Victor ian Legislative Assembly for East Bourke, died last Tuesday morning, after a very short illness, through the closing of the bronchial tubes, brought on by a cold. Mr. Ramsay was educated at the Mel bourne Scotch College, passed as a soli citor, and entered the House in 1870 as member for East Bourke. Two years after he took office under Mr. Francis in the Kerford Government, was Postmaster General, and took charge of theCbief Secre tary's Department ■ under Sir James M'Culloch. He took office as Minister for Education arid Postmaster Genera] during the stonewall period. He was elected six times consecutively for East Bourke, generally without opposition. He was always prominent in the House. He took an active part in social and cha a leading position inchurqhaffairs. He was 40 years of age. There, are at least 1000 men housed nightly in the sixpenny dens of Mel bourne. The wool rates on all of the Vic torian Railways will be still further re duced. The Ox ago Daily Times of May the 10th reports that on the previous day a fatal mishap occurred to a son of Captain Russel, mariDC surveyor, who died under chloroform whilst having some teeth ex tracted by Mr. J. P. Armstrong. The chloroform was administered by Dr. Burns, and not more than twenty drops were used, but the effect was fatal very shortly after application as the child never recovered consciousness. He was about ten years of age, and became insensible very quickly under the influence of the drugs Dr. Burns then remarked to Mr. Armstrong that he had better extract the teeth at that moment. The operation was accordingly performed, and the child was afterwards lifted on to the sofa, and endeavours made to restore him. This proving unavailing, Mr. Armstrong went to obtain a galvanic battery, and took the opportunity of calling in the assistance of Drs. Alexander and Stenhouse. This, however, could do nothing to restore animation, as the boy was then quite dead, the direct cause being paralysis of the heart. The Central Australian (a Bourke paper) records the extraordinary preva lence of typhoid fever at a sawmill, near the Three Legs of Man Hotel, Tindary. A man named Lovett, aged 26, was brought in from there last week to the Bourke Hospital, and was attended to by Dr. Sides, but died in a few hours after arrival. The presence of the disease is attributed to drinking bad water from an old shaft. Seven deaths in all have oc curred, and, in consequence, the popula tion of 50 or 60 who were at the place have all left. . At the Thames (says the Auckland Herald) a little boy named O'Connell, nine years of age, was arrested for hav ing abstracted two lettero from the letter box on board the Patika, whilst on her way from Te Aroha. One of the letters contained cheques, some of which he tried to pass off on some publicanB. When asked how he got the letters, he said he saw where the captain had put the key. The same boy was brought in the court about two months ago for setting fire to a drayload of hay in Mary street. It is not often that a series of misfor tunes follow one -another so rapidly as has been the case in the family of Mr. Edward Hurlestone, a fanner at East Trentha.ni, saya the Kyneton Guard ian. In the early part of the year, after having harvested a good crop, a bush-fire csme and swept off the whole, including his homestead. Immediately after this one of his children fell ill through exposure, and he had scarcely be gun to recover when the eldest son, a fine tall young man, was stricken down through hard work and exposure, and, taking the most favourable view of his case, it will be months before he is able to resume work. A crop of potatoes was left on the farm, and Mr. HurleBtone was looking forward to the produce of this to tide him over his difficulties, but the paddock in which they were growing being full of trees, a gale of unusual violence -with which that part of the country was visited a few days since tore them all nearly down, and covered the potato crop with branches and trunks, rendering it almost valueless. These accumulated misfortunes were too much for the unfortunate man, and he is now lying at death's door. He received a small sum as insurance on his homestead, but this, h it may be imagined, is a very trifling resource tn such a ses of trouble. Some biud neighbours have started a subscription list on behalf of himself and family. The Gininderra correspondent of the Queanbkyan Age relates the following : —"There was a great ploughing bee the other day at Weetangera ; I never saw, even in onr annual matches, such a field of ploughmen. There were sixteen en ries, all tol* tries, all told, including a parson and a > priest. Some excellent work was done. I am sure, and when 1 tell you the object of this bee, your sympathy will be in cluded. Mr. George Smith has been prostrate this five weeks with a severe attack of illness, and, although some what better, I am happy to Bay, still it will be a long time before he gets strong again. As, of coarse, he was modi be hind with his ploughing, this bee was got up by his neighbours, who are ever ready to give their help and sympathy, to pnt him forward with his work. I forgot to say that sowing and harrowing was being carried on at the same time, so that at the end of the day there was a large piece of ground ploughed, sowed, and har rowed. This is the second meeting of this sort held in this locslity within the last three years ; and I trust that this true friendship may continue again in times of need." Two dogs were recently fighting at Mr. Risby's saw mills in Hobart, and in their struggle got alongside the steam saw, which struck one of the animals and cat its body in two. Last week a servant girl, proceeding by train to Albury, being delicate, was ob liged to lean her bead ont of the carriage window. The door flew open, and she was only saved by a passenger catching her skirts. The Queensland Bulletin has ceased to appear. The Ipswich Advocate Bays:—Narrow j Escape: The happiness of a wedding j party was nearly being turned into la mentation and woe on Wednesday after- i noon last. Mr. Byrne was driving happy conple, accompanied by one or two ; friends, along Brisbane-street, in thedi-j rection of the One-mile Bridge.. The Fassifern railway line crosses the road way at a point just adjoining Mr. Brad- j field's blacksmith's shop, and the train is : to anyone travelling out of town partially ; hidden from view, so that unless a driver i keeps a very aharp look-out he is apt to come into contact with the train, which would be the reverse of pleasant. Mr. Byrne, who was driving along steadily, avers that he neither heard a whistle nor j saw the train until it whisked past tho horses, taking the skin from aft the nose of one of them. If our readers are in-1 clined to disbelieve this statement, they can interview the horse, who bears the . marks of the collision. Had the vehicle been another half-yard along the road, nothing could have saved the whole party from destruction. Thomas Bilsy, a married man, lately slipped off a raft near the Graving Dock, Brisbane, and' was drowned. He leaves a wife aud two children. The Singleton Abgus says :—His Lordship the Bishop of Newcastle preached at All Saints' both morning and evening on Sunday, last to full con:: gregationa. <: It is plain that the' more. Dr., and fortunately. his is a* popularity best i calculated to stand Ike test of time. He is loved and respected as,a bishop because -I be is .so admirable as a man. : j Yesterday (remarks the same journal) ; Heniy Walters, an aboriginal, and his ; wife and family of six were ushered into the Courthouse for the purpose of receiv ing blankets. Six were given to them, and this number should keep their feet warm during the . winter. It was quite amusing to sue the family ranged in order for Mr. Brooks'inspection. The Hon. Mr. Lackey is about to visit Cobar on private business. The Melbourne Leader 1b appalled at the wanton alienation of the public estate of Victoria to the extent of over £130,000 last year, .while New South Wales only received £1,500,000 for land alienated during the Bame period. One of the proprietors of common lodging houses in Sydney has been fined : several times for the filthy state of the i premises within a fortnight. He had to ; pay upwards of £20. He is incorrigible, and Inspector Seymour,. finding the nui sance unabated, on Saturday seized all the beds and had them burned. He then caused the house to be cleansed with dis infectants. The Bkaidwood Dispatch is wrong in saying that it is illegal to hold inquests on Sundays. The municipal council at Wagga have at length decided upon accepting a Go vernment loan for the Mount Hudson scheme of water supply for that town, which will cost abont £20,000. The Tamwor-ch Observer threatens to publish the names of all subscribers in ar rears. 106,000 kangaroos have been killed in the Dnbbo district since the 1st January, 1882. New South Wales has 8515 miles of j telegraph lines, Queensland 6210 miles, South Australia 4946" miles, and Victoria 3949 miles.1 The eost' of construction was greatest inSonth Australia j Victoria, al though having the least number of miles j constructed, figures next with a sntnof £637,114.' The cost per mile tn Victoria j was £190 4s. 9d., much greater than that ' in any other colony.- Lines in N.S.W. cost less than in any other colony, notwith standing the disastrous consequences at tending a free trade policy. Notwithstanding the late drought the orangeries at Howlong, near Albury, pro mise to yield an abundant crop. | The Hon. Mr. Francis (writes the Mel bourne cor. of the Pastoral Times) has 1 partially recovered from bis sudden at- | tack of illaessj which necessitated his re tirement from the Assembly. Dr. Mo therwell, bis medical adviser, states that the hon. gentleman requires test, both mental and physical, and if Mr. Francis acts on medical advice it is not likely he j will take part in the Assembly for some j i time. During the past week (remarks the I same journal) a lady resident of the { towu, who had occasion to visit the ce- j metery, where the remains of her daugh ter had been interred, discovered that several flowering shrubs, which had been ; planted upon the last resting place of the dead, had been removed. No doubt of the scandalous theft can be entertained, j as the broken soil over the grave indicated the fact that the shrubs had been dug out1 of their position. Naturally the lady feels the outrage acutely, and protests against the inability of the authorities to discover the perpetrators of this and similar thefts from the same locality. One of last week's coaches to Balranald was bogged for two hours just outside of North Deniliqnin. The man who was arrested at Moama recently for murder near Sydney arrived at Deniliqnin recently. It ib said his face will not. be good evidence for an ac quittal. Speaking of the drought, the Forbes Times says:—"Theonly animals which appear to thrive among so mnch misery are the ctowb." The Australasian says ■:—" There should be a Nations! Gallery built worthy of the colony, f.of New South Wales. The temporary erection io which the art treasures are shown is quite un worthy, unfit, and probably on safe." On Sunday, May 14tb (says the Eden correspondent of the Bohbala Times) one of the most Bevere gales known for years raged.. The wind was West to West by South, and the force was " hur ricane" almost. Several old buildings gave in, after apparently debating for years which way to fall. Land at Sandridge, near Melbourne, has been sold at £140 an acre. Brisbane intends to spend £80,000 in a new reservoir. The Bishop of Goulbnrn says no ap pointment has yet been made to the See of Hiverina, nor is any likely to be made till the endowment reaches the sum of £14,000. The New Zealand Hebald states that an unfortunate accident occurred lately on board the barque Orient, from Liverpool, during her passage ont. An apprentice named Henry Oge, 19 years of age, was sent up to oil the foretopgallantmast, and while he was engaged iu doing so the ves sel suddenly gave a lurch which caused him to lose his footing, and fall over hoard. Every possible effort was put forth by those on board to save him. A boat was lowered and manned, and a search made; but, unfortunately, the sea was running high, and all their exertions proved fruitless. An earthquake is reported to have been felt at Bright, in Victoria, on Bnnday evening week. There was lately a Boaking rain at j Young for 30 hours. The Border Post says:—" It is not generally known in this district that the | Victorian Government recently doubled the duty on cereals crossing from New South Wales, but such is the fact. The 8d. per bushel was not sufficiently pro hibitive, and therefore they increased it to 1b. 4d. This has' been done in the face of the evidence given before the Tariff Commission, where we find farmers giv ing their testimony in favour of a free port. It is about time that the New South Wales Government came forward and removed by some arrangement, a system that is practically ruinous to the Border districts." Mrs. Taylor, wife of a publican in Flin ders-lane, Melbourne, attempted snicide with arsenic the other evening, and was removed to the hospital, where she is re covering. Archibald Forbes delivered his lecture, " Kings and Princes I have met,1' in the Opera House lastf Wednesday evening in Melbourne. Half-an-hour before the lec ture was commenced not a seat was va cant. The lecturer was frequently ap plauded. The Launceston correspondent of the Hobart Mercury says:—" The block of goodB now waiting shipment to Sydney is on the increase, and great dissatisfaction is (being expressed : by merchants and others atthe apathy shown by the ship :ing trade. A Melbourne telegram says :—A quan tity < of wreckage was passed during the voyage of the steamer Mangana, between Laiincestnn and this port, last Tuesday night. It was floating about 70 miles North-West of Low Head. James King, aged 20, a labourer, has been committed for trial on three charges of passing spurious coin in the Newcastle district. A woman, charged recently at Sydney with assaulting a constable, when asked whether she waB gnilty or not guilty, re plied, "Yes ; and I'd like to eat him." Not a very tender morsel. She was sent to gaol for six weeks, as the assault was a savage one. A miraculous escape is reported from Temora. A boy of 14 years of age named Robert Jones fell down a shaft a depth of 250 feet. A doctor was sent for at once, and meanwhile several people took steps to bring the dead body, as they thought, to the surface; but strange to Bay, the boy was almost uninjured, having a slight scalp wound only. The Western SiAR(Qd.) says Strike . of Navvies : A mild description of a strike was got up by a number of railway men on Monday. It was organised by the la bourers about the ballast trucks, who de manded an increase of oDe shilling per day in their pay. Hitherto they have received eight shillings, on Monday they wanted nine. The contractors, Messrs. Fraser and Macdonald, demurred at giv ing nine shillings per. day all round, al though they expressed their willingness to give that amount to the men they con sidered to be worth the increase. This arrangement did not quite suit the viewB of the men, and they were yesterday paid off and dismissed. Of course this little ; incident did not delay the work for any considerable time, the contractors finding no difficulty in replacing the men who had become " weary with well doing." , A fatal accident occurred yesterday af- 1 ternoon (remarks Saturday's Brisbane Telegraph) to Herbert Franklin Ryder, son of Mr. W. H. Ryder, chief Clerk in the Colonial Secretary's Department. The poor boy, who was only thirteen 1 years and nine months old, was riding ■ homp from tbe Grammar School yester day afternoon, when, on reaching the Breakfast Creek Bridge, he mrnt have been thrown, as about 5 o'clock he was j found by Mr. Fisher, of the Breakfast . Creek Pottery, who was driving, lyiDg in sensible in the roadway. The deceased j was removed in Mr.' Fisher's vehicle to his parent's residence, on the old Sand gate Road, where he was attended by Drs. Smith, Purcell, and Thomson. All efforts to restore him to consciousness proved unavailing, and he died at faalf past 2 this morning. Yesterday morning (remarks the D. D. Gazette of May 22) Mr. Abel Stott, a wool sorter, was found dead in his bed at O'Grady's boarding house, late the Downs Hotel, Rutbven-street. There was no thing to indicate that death was the result of other than natural causes, and a certi ficate to that effect was given by Dr. Ro berts, who had previously attended the deceased. Mr. Stott was an old man of some seventy years or more, and had been in the district for many years, and was generally respected. Emily Waites, mother of tbe infant that died a few days after being thrown over the Yarra Bank, was committed for trial at Melbourne last week. Both Houses of the Victorian Parlia ment adjourned last Tuesday night, in consequence of the death of the Hon. R. Ramsay. Speeches were made in both places paying high tribute to the de ceased. Mr. Cole, of Victoria, has obtained a verdict -of £3250 againBt the Board of Land and Works for injuries sustained in the Jolimont railway accidents. The total amount sent home from Mel bourne for the relief of the persecuted Jews to the Mansion House fund is £640. The Governor's levee Was largely at tended at Brisbane on the Queen's Birth day. A " Policeman" writes to us (E. News) on the subject of police pay. He says it, is impossible for a married man to keep' his family respectably dressed with the wretched pay now doled out to the forefi. Oar correspondent "points out that the metropolitan force are not allowed to lives in the suburbs, and that consequently they are placed at a great disadvantage bo far as rent is concerned with the ordinary mechanic. A " Policeman" also draws attention to the horrible state of the boots supplied by the Government, and thinks there should be an annual allow ance of thirty shillings instead of the pre sent system. About half-past 10 o'clock last night (remarks Wednesday's E. News) a young man, respectably dressed, who appeared ill, entered the Prince Albert Hotel, at the corner of George and Cleveland streets, Red fern, and asked the landlord, Mr. Henry Stedman, " for God's sake" to give him a glass of brandy. His request was at once complied with, but before the liquor could be handed to him, the man, who was a stranger, fell down in the bar and expired. There was great excite ment caused by the painful suddenness of the occurrence. A medical man was immediately sent for, who, upon his ar rival a few minutes later, prononnced life to be extinct. Tbe deceased had the ap pearance of a commercial traveller. He seemed about 25 years of age, and was of medium build with dark hair and com plexion. He had no hair on his face. A very curious, bb well as a painful,' fatality occurred (remarks the Ovens Ad- j vertiser) to a six weeks' old baby at j Myrrhee, near Beechworth, last Satur day morning. The infant, which belonged j to Mr. Wat. Moore, superintendent for | Messrs. Docker, wsb in perfect health on being put to bed ; but about the middle i of the night found a cat lying on her arm, beside her baby. She threw the cat out, but iu the morning the baby was die- j covered to be dead. The state of the country in the Dubbo and Wellington districts (says the Dubbo j Express) is really dreadful. Not blade of grass is to be seen, and of ; sheep and cattle there will soon be I none in existence. Owners bave already moved away what stock they can. Those 1 left behind must perish during the win ter, unless feed on oak or curragong i or other artificial food. We have heard ' that nine bullocks, with dray, bows, yokes, and chains, were sold at Orange last week for £25, to a buyer who has a I little grass. A carrier went down the river from Dubbo a short time ago with two drays and twenty-six bullocks. He | delivered his loading, but on his return journey seventeen bullocks died ; he bad to abandon the drays and drove the' nine bullocks to Dubbo, and trucked them to near Orange, his residence being near Molong. He lost about £100 by the j trip. Dr. Falder lately died at Adelong, aged .M/i " The Haddon correspondent of the Bal ba rat Courier writes" Last Thurs- j day morning a young man, on leaving j home to be absent till evening, as raual, said to bis mother, '"something is going I to happen to me this week. I dreamt last night that I was feeling the barrel of | a gun with my little finger to see if it was : clean or not, and it went off and blew my 1 hand to pieces." The mother made light ! of the affair, and the young man went to his duties, about five miles from borne, and returned in the evening with the J little finger of his left hand aerinusly dam- i aged by a slug from a double-barrellep I pistol with which he had been trifling dur-' ing the day." j At no period daring the last twenty five years has so much activity pre vailed in the building trade in Mel bourne, as at the present time. An extraordinary freak of nature (says the Geelong Advertiser) may now be seen at the Woollamanatta station, near Lara, the property of Mr. F. W. Army tage. A lamb, about a fortnight old, has been discovered on the station, which performs the acrobatic feat of walking and running on its two fore feet—the hind legs, which are deformed, being erect iu the air. There appears to be no impediment in tbe locomotion of tbe animal, which at pre sent receives its nourishment from its mother, after the manner of all other lambs. A peculiar and painful accident (re marks the Orange Liberal) happened at Mr. J. C. M'Clymont's slanghter-yard on Thursday afternoon. The foreman, John Eggo, was, with another employee named Cain, in the act of killing a very large sow, which rnshed at them viciously. They had the animal penned, Eggo wield ing an axe, whilst Cain barred tbe pass age to prevent the sow getting away. In Attempting to drop the animal, Eggo mis directed the blow, which came on the snout, instead of on the front of tbe head. No sooner did it receive the fait, than the animal rnshed at Cain, throwing him vio lently off his feet on to his back, severely Btunning him, but doing no.other injury. It next went for Eggo, whom it also threw, breaking his left leg under the knee. The Forbes Times says:—As show ing to some extent the losses which stock owners will have to face this year, one gentleman informs us that with a favour able season he would have shorn 25,000 sheep next shearing time, whereas now he does not expect to shear as many hun dreds. He says that no grass has not ODly meant no clip, no fat stock, and no increase, but that it has decimated the number of sbeep, which in fair seasons are kept on the run. Even stud rams, for which top prices are paid, have succumbed to the starvation diet, as it was impossible to find food for them. Cattle have died off altogether, horses ditto, and the only animals which seem to thrive amongst so much misery are the crows. Onr inform ant estimates his loss by the drought at £15,000, and he says he is no worso off than scores of his neighbours. He says that a considerable portion of the country wants ring- barking and rest before grass will grow again, as it has been eaten out by the roots. Dr. Cani has been consecrated as first Roman Catholic Bishop of Rock b amp ton. A common lodging-house keeper in Syd ney has been fined heavily for keeping filthy premises. Ah Hong, the Chinaman who was shot some time ago, while attempting a bur glary at the Inglewood (Victoria) Rail way otation has lost his leg, and received 12 mbntbs1 imprisonment. Me. Peter Hewitt, of Mittagong (sayB the Scrutineer) sustained a very serious loss by fire on Tuesday evening last. Two sheds containing between eighty and one hundred tons of good oaten hay, together with hay-press, &c.;, were totally de stroyed by fire, about five o'clock on Tuflfeday evening. Hay being worth £10 per ton, Mr. .Hewitt's loss amounts to £1000. The sheds and hay were not in sured, and the origin of the fire is un known. j/ Mr. G. Haslingden and another (says tbe Bkga Standard) went out the other evening to slaughter flying foxes, and left the field strewn with eighty-four dead and dying. Mr. Haslingden imagines that they wounded at least a hundred and fifty others. The same journal, with reference to •ihe Wagonga gold discovery, says:—A Montreal man who went out to see for himself reports that the country is »'likely,,r ~ - - - but if any great find has been made the locality is kept well .in the dark. He says that one reef dis covered is likely to pay for crushing, but that he saw nothing to induce him to remain. Alluding to the boaBt that Sydney pos sesses the largest gasometer in the colony, one capable of holding 1,200,000 gallons, the Evening Mail seems to think that Mr. Berry's capacity has been over looked. A six days' bicycling tournament for the championship of Adelaide will begin on June 4. The Melbourne Age says :—*' It is un derstood that a friendly offer will be made to the Government by the Opposition to the eflect that they should go on with the other important measures on the notice paper, and leave the Land Bill in abey ance, it being contended that the question of dealing with the last acres that re main in the hBnds of the State is too im portant a policy to be disposed of with out reference to the conntiy, opinion being so widely divided on the qnes (ion. It is pointed out that this question ! vill be decided for ever by the next bill, and it will be urged upon tbe Govern ment that before tbe final step-is taken the opinion of tbe country should be as certained. If the Government persist in pushing on with their L&nd; Sill, it will be strenuously opposed st every Btsge." On Queen's Birthday (remarks the He rald) the house committee of the Band wick Asylum had the children provided with the means of enjoyment, and the kindness of those gentlemen was appreci ated to the full. As has been the custom for many years past, the ordinary diet was supplemented with an additional supply of plum pudding, roast beef, vegetables, I and fruit, and provision was made for their comfort and pleasure in connection with their outdoor sports. It was a very pleasing sight to see the little folks doing justice to the good things provided for their delectation, and a visitor could hardly help thinking) that they were ss happy as children could possibly be. Several honours were conferred by her Majesty in commemoration of her birth day. Amongst the recipients is tbe Hon. Saul Samuel, Agent-Generai, and at one time Colonial Treasurer of this colony, who has been made a Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. _ | The levee in honour of her Majesty a I birthday at Sydney was very well at tended. j The Toowogmba Chronicle says The Mild Season: The present season is I one of the mildest and most genial that | has been known on the Downs for years. , As an illustration of it we yesterday had i brought to our office an apple, just taken from the tree, and tbe grower, Mr. War tier, informed us it was the third crop the tree had borne since Christmas. In some . other gardens we have seen the fruit trees in blossom, and fruit growing in many others. If the winter season continues as it is at present, we shall have one of the grandest springs on record. From Allora we learn that the wheat crops never looked better or more promising at this I season of the year. : Although the Point Parker bubble has j burst, it ia evident from tbe tone of the ; Ministerial journals (says the Cooktown j Cockier) that fresh schemes for the con- j struction of railways on the Land Grant ; System are likely to be propounded dur ing the coming session, and we trust that the people, whoBe property it is, will re- < sist every attempt to alienate the land for the formation of large estates, and the introduction of patriarchal feudalism, or oppressive landlordism. The colonial cre dit is good, and money cheap enough to warrant the construction of such railways aB are necessary for establishing communi cation between the seaboard and the in terior, and Buch railways will not be prob lematically, but certainly remunerative from the fresh industries which will be opened up, and the population which will be attracted and supported. The Brisbane Courier, says :—Thomas Bisley, a young man, 24 years of age, was accidentally drowned in the river, be tween the dry dock and Messrs. M'Ghie, Liiya, and Co.'s sawmills, at half-past L o'clock on Monday afternoon. He was engaged in separating a log from a raft of timber a short distance from the shore, when he slipped and disappeared in the water. The river was dragged for the body, bnt without success. T*1® deceased was married, and leaves a wife and two young childrep. The Telegraph Bays :—Execution of Byrne: George Byrne, who was found guilty of a criminal assault at the Crim inal Sittings of the Supreme Court on March 30, and sentenced to death, was, this (Monday) morning, hanged in Bris bane GaoL When the condemned _ man was brought out of his cell to bo pinioned he appeared quite calm. He bade good bye to those about him, declared^ he bore no malice to anyone, and admitted the justice of his sentence. On the fall of the drop, death appeared to have followed almost instantaneously. After examina tion by the medical men present, and life being pronounced extinct, the body was removed to Toowong for burial. The Rev. W. Kildahl, of Milton Memorial Church, was in constant attendance on tbe wretched convict since bis condem nation ; and it was no doubt owing to the reverend gentleman's ministrations that Byrne presented so resigned an appear ance when the fatal moment arrived. The execution was witnessed by about 20 persons. An insolvent publican named James Summers was sentenced to three weeks' imprisonment at Melbourne, last Friday, for being insolent in the witness box while nnder examination. On leaving the box he said to the judge, " Good-bye, old fellow." Mrs. Bummers said her husband was of weak intellect, and the judge said if that could be proved he would consider whether the insolvent should be released from further examin ation. West Maitland, Saturday.—A fatal ac cident happened yesterday at the Mount Vincent sawmills. Ab a young man i named Frank Hector was getting up steam, the boiler burst, completely wrecking the shed, and Hector was thrown on the ground several yards dis tance ; the timber and other debris was thrown upon him. His mates quickly extricated him, and medical assistance was obtained from Maitland, 15 miles distance; but, after lingering several hours in great agony, Hector, who was frightfully scalded, died. The deceased was well connected, and greatly respected in the district. . Mr. Henry Dale Edwards, of Wright and Edwards, engineers, has commenced a - Supreme Court action to recover the sum of £15,000 damages for injuries re ceived in the Jolimont railway disaster. This is the largest claim submitted in con nection with this affair. _ _ . A man named Martin, while walking through Cleveland Tunnel, Redfern Sta tion, last Friday, was knocked down by an incoming train, and had his right leg completely cut off above the ankle. The blood vessels and tendons of the ankle were all exposed, and he was taken to the hospital in a critical condition. The Northern Standard states that whilst a valuable mare belonging to Mr. Robinson, of Mount Louisa, was in the Bolile indulging in a feed of water lilies, which grow in profusion in the large water-holes, a large alligator seized it by the lower jaw, biting it clean off—bone and all. The mare was valued at £30. Much comment has been made regard ing the reprieve of Plomer, charged with rape at VVagga. That the man deserved hanging there can be no qnestion ; and, although the Judge who tried him de clared that nothing less than the death penalty would satisfy justice and the public, the Executive had to deal with the case " according to law." We (He rald) understand there was a legal diffi culty in the way of carrying out the sen tence. . Hop-growing is increasing in Gipps laud, Victoria. The Bishop of Gonlburn, in his recent address to a public meeting,- when refer ring to the fine Adeiong parsonage—which he considered to be surpassed only by few others in design, and fewer in size—pro mised to add ill) to £9U collected towards i liquidating the debt, and arid he would be 1 able to 'do more for his diocese when pros- i perity again came to them. Turning to 1 the vicar, he facetiously said : "Never ] ask for money in cold weather (the even- j ing was particularly chilly) the system be ing chilled, the spirit flags, or in times of ] drought; bnt-wait till a genial warmth pervades, the grass grows, and all around is green and luxuriant. When experienc ing prosperity, that's the time to ask ; but! it must be done in a gentle way; it is the best way of getting the cash. I never asked the Hon. Mr. Campbell for a dona tion, and he actually gave £1050 towards ] the erection of theCathedra! in Goulburn," ] A great deal of interest was recently J evoked in a case tried before a jury in the I Sydney District Court Jones versus Big-! neli and another. Defendants had erected a large steam joinery works on the Parra matta road, the smoke and noise from which plaintiff contended were a nuisance, and claimed two hundred pounds dam ages. The jury visited the place, ahd, after hearing the evidence on both sides, declined to bear any more, and gave a verdict for defendants. Costs were al- 1 lowed for thirty live witnesses. * A buBhinan at Rockhampton was re cently robbed of £152 in a bouse of ill fame.' T" South Australia wishes to offer a bonus of £1000 for a combined stripping, win nowing, and bagging tpachine. Three well-dressed people were recently i arrested for robbery in Adelaide. ! 150 acres of potato land at Warrnam- ! bool, Victoria, have been sold at prices j ranging from £34 to £46 per acre. Too much beef. It is said that Mr. Wo. Patterson, of Queensland, has pur- '< chased 30,000 cattle for boiling'down. An inquest was held on Tuesday at the Albion Hotel, Forbes, touching the death of an illegitimate child, born on Monday, j the offspring of a girl 17 yean of age. From the evidence of senior-constable Purcell it appears that he fonnd the child j with its throat cut in an outhouse where the girl was residing with her father. Af ter the jury had viewed the body, which had been taken charge of by the police, the inquest was adjourned to Wednesday, May 31st next. Not content (says the Herbeton Ad- j veetiser) with their first visit to the grave of the murdered lnsu who died at Sever- j in's Cedar Camp some time ago, the I blacks have recently been there again, ex burned the corpse, denuded it of the blan- j ket and shirt, and taken the lot, body and j all, away. While there engaged, Arthur ' Keele, the packer, came npon them, and j would have had to fight for it but for the I proximity of his mate, Rodgers, with a . revolver. The niggers recently killed a horse in the long pocket, and they are now there in dangerous and large mobs. The Brga Stakdard of the 13th instant! says :—" A very rich lead of gold deposit has been discovered by Buckley, Bawdon, and party on the northern side of the Wogonga River ; also a reef in close prox imity to the alluvial deposit, which, on being blown up with a charge of dyna mite, is reported to show gold in every fragment of quartz. The discovery of the field has only just leaked out, although large quantities of gold hare been sold in Moruya from that quarter for some time past. Mr. Warden Keigbtley started on Wednesday morning for. the rnsh. A few of the favoured started from Moruya on Tuesday to secure claims. It is causing a good deal of excitement. Already we hear of the Bodalla labourers having given notice with the intention of trying their luck on this new field. There can be no donbt that a very rich lead of gold rnns throngh tbis part of the country, which has been searched for for years, and only now discovered." A young man named John Elgin M'Kam, the school teacher who was re cently charged with assaulting Mr. Bent, in Swanston-street, Melbourne, but to whom Mr. Bent subsequently apologised in court, has issued a writ against Mr. Bent for £99 for wrongful arrest, the writ ten apology sent by Mr. Bent's solicitor not being considered satisfactory. A fine healthy male child, of six weeks or so, was found by Mrs. G&rretty;, of Morpeth (remarks the Nsv. Herald), near ber back door on Tuesday morning early. She heard the dogs bark between 2 and 3 o'clock, and thinkB it must have been placed there at that hour. It was comfortably and respectably dressed, and appeared not to have suffered from the cold night air. The following note was pinned to the child's dress :—" Please to be kind to him and think as kind as yon can of the mother, who forsakes her baby to the mercy of the world. "Fis compul sion now or it would never be, his name I would like to be Kenneth Rose, April 1882." The document looks as if it had been written some weeks ago. A barn, containing 350 buBbels of maize, and fonr tuns of hay, the property of Mr. Harvey, of West Kempsey, have been destroyed by fire. The Sisters of Mercy of Adelaide pro pose to open an institution for training servant girls of any denomination. A woman named Lydia Nichols (re marks Wednesday's Echo), residing in Sussex- street, was taken to the hospital yesterday afternoon. On examination it was found that she had three of the lower ribs on the left side broken, as well as a bruise on her left arm. She stated that the injuries bad been inflicted by a man who had kicked her. An Adelaide correspondent telegraphs: —** On Sunday evening the Rev. O. Cope land delivered a sermon in the North Adelaide Congregational Church, before a large congregation, on gambling on race courses and elsewhere. The rev. gentle man waB very severe in his remarks on the unmanliness of horse-racing, the evil prin ciples of the betting fraternity, and the legalisation of the totalisator as an instru ment of gambling by the South Austra lian Parliament. He wound up a very eloqnent discourse by remarking that the totalisator was the greatest curse ever in troduced into a British community." Archibald Forbes (says the Hob art Merc tot) the War Correspondent of the Daily News, is in Sydney, receiving that attention due to every distinguished jour nalist. The first public dinner to his hononr was principally, but not exclus ively, by membere of the Fourth Estate, anxious to show respect to a foremost member of their order, and it would be pleasant to find clubs of literary men, re presentatives of honest, fearless journal ism, common in all the colonies. Wilson, a young horsebreaker, has been committed for trial on six charges of stealing jewellery, etc., in the neigh bourhood of the Glebe, Sydney. The Batlarat correspondent of the Evenino Mail reports that a miner named George Pascoe, working as brace man at the Llauberries claim, at the whim shaft of Fletcher and party, met with a fearful fate on Monday.* It «u his duty to receive all the material sent up the shaft at its month. He was busy attend ing to the unloading of a bucket when last eeeh alive. The whim boy missed him, and in a few minutes some men went down the ehsft, which is 230 feet deep, to eee if he had fallen. His body, horribly mangled, was found hnddied up at the bottom of the shaft. The top of his skull had been removed, as if it bad been sliced off. His brains were spattered over the timbers, and there was. hardly a Bound bone in his body. Of course it is not known what caused his fall, as none saw him leave the brace, but it is oonjectured that the poor fellow, leaning over the edge of the shaft, lost his equilibrium and fell head first down, knocking against the rim hem. Psscoe was an experienced miner, and had been 10 years at (be O&nbetrie; claim. Throughout this district {remarks the Singleton correspondent of the Mer odry), especially in the localities of Ninemile Creek, Broke, Bulge, Work worth, and Jerry's Plains the settlers are daily getting into a worse plight. When travelling towards Broke yesterday we observed an utter absence of grass for miles and miles, along both sides of the road. The few cattle that ere to be seen seemed to be in » most famished condi tion, and we are informed that the set tlers at Hinemile Creek are, day afterday, killing their few remaining cattle, in or der to save the bides. At Charlton and Balg* numerous cattle ate stated to have perished already from starvation, -sntf what the final result will he after the first heavy rainfall and subsequent frost may be easily imagined. Thousands of cattle now in this district are too weak to tra vel, and before the winter is over will be converted into heaps of bones. The water is fast failing in many places. The Wollombi has ceased running at Lynch's a few miles above Broke, and unless we get rain shortly the Hunter will soon fol low suit. Nothing but a flood can re store this district to its wonted prosperity. Frost has appeared on the Downs in Queensland. Shearing is commencing earlier than nsual in the North-West of Queensland. flour on the Barcoo has recently been a shilling a pound, and the residents have been living chiefly on rice. A leper, located on the North Shore, Cook town, was found on May 4 by ano ther Chinaman hanging to the ridgepole of his tent. The poor wretch was no doubt tired of his miserable existence. A carrier named Leader was driving a bullock team in Charters Towers on May 10, when he fell off the dray, the fore wheel of which passed over his thigh, ab domen, and left hand. No bones were broken, but Leader received some very serious bruises. Mrs. Gamble, of Bnudsmbs, was driv ing a cart down Brisbane-street, Ipswich, on May 13, when the horse took fright and ran away. A wheel of the cart came in contact with the culvert, and Mrs. Gamble was thrown out Her clothes caught in some part of the ve hicle, and she was dragged across tho street, when the horse Btopped. Fortu nately she escaped with a few slight bruises. A short time ago (says the Rockhamp ton Bcxleitn of May 12), Mre. Margaret Reid received an injury io her foot by the fall of a pair of scissors. It would appear the wound caused thereby was no glee ted, and in the meantime her condi tion of body became very low. Her hus band, who resides in Sydney, forwarded money, and Mrs. Reid had already booked her passage to thst city, when it was found absolutely necessary to remove her to the hospital on the 9th instant. She was in an emaciated state, and appa rently destitute of proper nourishment. She continued to sink, and notwithstand ing the medical treatment, she died early yesterday morning. A settler in Western Australia recently lost 1,800 sheep by a harries tie. On Thursday morning (says the Ovuns Times of May 13) information was given to the police that the body of a woman was seen floating in the river at a point some 200 yards above where NaBh'e Gully debouches into the stream ; it was ascer tained to be that of a widow named Mrs. M'G&ricle;, whrae husband was killed by a fall of earth io a claim in Mash's Gully soon after the opening up of the field. It appears that the deceased, who has been employed in the domestic service of Mre. D. G. Stuart, got up on Thursday morning, and did her work as usnal for about an hour, and then left unknown to anyone; she seems to have walked di rectly to the river, as she was seen by some persons going in that direction. On arriving at the riverside she divested her self of her boots and hat only, as these articles were found lying on the bank, and must then have walked out into the stream towards a stake or root of a tree, near which the body was found. The depth of the water at any part near the spot—which is not far from where Mrs. C. Smith came by her death—is not more than three feet. We (Week) are delighted to find that we have a Press in Brisbane tbat cannot properly be called servile. The Observer, on May 18, showed up " Renter" properly. This is what " Renter" said in a cable gram dated London, May 16—or rather what the Observer ssya be said : " Cairo, 17th May. Acting under the advice of the consuls of the Great Powers, the Khedive has entered into an agree ment with his Ministers, which will iead to a satisfactory settlement of all diffi culties." And here is the Observer's footnote anent this telegram :—" [Out telegram says that the Khedive has 'patched" op an agreement. Perhaps Renter knows all about it.]" The Coub ier and Telegraph not being up to enuff, took the reading as per note, but of coarse, the other reading is the right one. The only question b—bow did the Observer know that black was white, as it were ? Why, by instinct of course. Renter knows all abont it 1 Ha 1 Ha! A case of some general interest, in which the Commissioner for Rail ways was defendant, was heard at the District Court, yesterday (remarks Friday's He rald), before J udge Dowling. The plain tiff was John Dolling, who, some months ago, haden omnibus destroyed and one horse killed, and another permanently lamed, during a collision with a tr.im motor at Wareriey. It seemed from the evidence that the rails near the point of collision were not fair with the roadway, in consequence of which the wheels of the omnibus skidded, and prevented its be ing removed from danger. Defendant contended that plaintiff was contributory to the damage be sustained, inasmuch as the 'bus was not removed from the line with alacrity, but the jury appeared to take an adverse view, and gave a verdict in plaintiff's favonr for £125. The sentence of death passed on the Kanaka Jemmy, for the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Worth, near Bnndsbecg, has been confirmed, and he will be executed at Brisbane, on the 6th June. 