COUNTRY NEWS. [BY TELEGRAPH.] *(raoM ou« OWN ooKBJtsrotrmarTS ) BRIGHT, SATCBDAY. Mr. T. S. Atkinson, head teacher of the Bright school, has been promoted to the school at Malvern, and to mark their appre- ciation of his conduct here, a number of friends subscribed a purse of sovereigns, which was presented to Mr. Atkinson at the school yesterday afternoon. The Bright school and the teaching staff presented addresses to Mr. Atkinson. For several days past the weather has been intensely hot, more severe than has been experienced for many years past. Rain is badly wanted. * BACCHUS MARSH, SATURDAY. A presentation was made here this after- noon by the president of the shire council, on behalf of the subscribers, to Mr. Henry Chad- wick, of the National Bank, on the occasion of his leaving the branch here, after 12 years' management, to take charge of the bank's business in Collingwood. The presentation consisted of a silver tea and coffee service and salver, with an illuminated address, and a set of cutlery and silver spoons for Mrs. Chad- wick. INGLEWOOD, SATDBDAY. A very successful trial of the Althouse VaneleBB Windmill waa held yesterday at the residence of Mr. D. Coutts, Elmswood, Serpentine, under the auspices of the East Loddon Shire Council, and in the presence of a number of gentlemen representing a large district. The mill was one of the largest imported by MesBrs. M'Lean Bros, and Rigg. It is stated that the local agent has received orders for 51 of the milla during the*, present summer. At the trial the mill worked freely and satisfactorily in a moderate breeze, rais- ing water from the Loddon to a height of -15ft. at the rate of over 2,000 gallons per hour. _ At the monthly meeting of the East Lod- don Shire Council held yesterday, it was re- solved that a conference of delegates from tbo shires of Bet Bet, Korong, Marong, East Loddon, and Swanhill should be held in about ten days, to discuss the propriety of forming a Water Trust embracing the terri- tory comprised in the above shires. The Korong, Marong, and East Loddon shires bave already appointed delegates to the con' ierence. LAKES ENTRANCE, SUNDAY. The s.S. Pretty Jane came down the Lakes -this morning, and crossed the bnr outwards for Melbourne at 9 o'clock, LANCEFIELD, SATUBDAY. Another fire occurred here this afternoon, thia time in the crop belonging to Mr. Edwards, whose farm is situated exactly opposite the railway station, but owing to the number of men available the fire was soon got under, only a few sheaves being de- stroyed. The fire was caused by three lads, who had previously bought from a local store- keeper three pipes and a box of matches. It is euid that the boys are under arrest. MANSFIELD, SATURDAY. Yesterday was the hottest day, according to the thermometer, which has been experi- enced here for the last 10 years. It Is very hot to-day, but slight cool breezes prevail. There are several large bush-fires raging. The want of drinking water is severely felt, and m the event of rain not falling soon the consequences will be terrible. NUMURKAH, SATUBDAY. The grain season ¡B at its height, and the railway Btation here presenta a very blocked .appearance. Tho number of bags sent away, from the station daring the past six weeks baa exceeded 40,000, and about 12,000 are lying waiting to be trucked. Great complaints are «nado about the want of trucks, and the de pari ment should certainly make an effort to effect a clearance, as the buyers are at present greatly hampered. SEYMOUR, SUNDAY NIGHT. At about 11 o'clock to-day a large shed at the rear of Mr. T, Guild's store, in Emily street, was completely destroyed by fire. The place was filled with straw, chaff, and some machinery, all of which was burnt with the ?exception of a steam-engine, which was -saved with much difficulty. It appears that tbo fire first broke ont in a piggery, at a short distance away, and the inflammable nature of the stores referred to soon caueed them to ignite, although the shed was altogether constructed of iron. A number of people were «oing to the different churches at the time, and rendered every assistance in keeping the lilames back, otherwise the store and a very largo stock would donbtless have been ?destrojed, The portion burned waa in- sured in the National lusurance Company for £400. A short time afterwards some straw was lound to be on fire in Mr. Gloster's stable, in "the eame street, but fortunately the flames wero extinguished before any damage was .done, How the latter originated is a com- plete mystery, as there was no one in the building for hours previously. Each day further Bhows the necessity for providing a water supply and a fire brigade in Seymour. ST, ARNAUD. SATOBDAY. Concerning the fatal accident to Charles O'Neill, which was reported yesterday, a magisterial inquiry was held last evening by Mr. Newton, ex- mayor, who recorded his opinion in agreement with the evidence of Dr. Brisbane, which Bhowed that death was probably instantaneous, and resulted from compression of the brain following a com- pound fracture of the skull, most likely caused by a fall. It was proved that deceased rode furiously from New Bendigo, and waa killed when he had gone about SOO jarda, his horse, a hard-mouthed one, .swerving from the track, and bringing him in contact with one of the branches of a tree, which hurled him from the saddle. A letter from Donald states that fresh ?water bas been struck ata depth of 8ft, close "to the township, by the bore lent by the Go- vernment and worked under the supervision -of the shire council. SMYTHESDALE, SATOBDAY. A little boy eight years old, named Timothy -James Mitchell, residing with his parents at Haddon, was drowned yesterday in a small .dom at Campbell's Gully, where he went to .bathe. A magisterial inquiry was held to .day. WARRNAÛBOOL, SATUBDAY. , ri e match between the Warrnambool otc tb_et Club and tho Bohemians was con jjPï.ded to-day. The visitors made 14G in their i-finingB, and Warrnambool 5G. The Boho 'tuions thus won the match by 24 runs. <pow Although the mngistratea have not the .--wer," saya the Hamilton Spectator, " to "Crier corporal punishment to larrikins, Mr. Akehurst, P.M., is determined to administer -a caution to evildoers of thia stamp who hap Îcn tobe brought before him. At Branx- holme, the other day, two young men were fined £10 each, or three months' imprison ¿ment, for fighting and creating a disturbance; ana at nnmilton, on Friday, two others were fined £10 each for asaault, one of whom was also mulcted in £1 fine and £1 damages for "breaking in a door, whilst the other waa fined -40a. for uaing abusive language. With costs included, these two defendants wiJI have to jos £2G 10s., with an alternative of four 'J?0'1,''18' .imprisonment. In other parts of "the district, also, Bevere penalties have been lawnrded. ..'*ü¡e ?nWe°t of hop-growing in the many suitable localities about Sale," remarks the vtpps Land Times, " is engaging increased attention since the subject was so promi .Sr y brought under notice in our columns, .aiany of the selectora in the borough common -aT seeking the means of planting the most *S~1,able BP°ta on their selections with the ii,« Vln?' and "'ready arrangements havo ¡|Deen made minore than one instance to make a commencement In Jane next. The utility of ming wire or cord as asainst poles has no yet been fully tested in Gipps Land, although reports from Germany speuk highly of the new method. Mr. Landy, of Briagolong, is trying the experiment this year, and when the result is known, those who intend planting for next season will have the benefit of his experience. A well-known firm of brewers Jn Sale have determined to plant 20 acres this year, when they have secured the land, which will probably be shortly, and we have heard of another gentleman who may plant 10 acres this year, but he is as yet undecided." ' A correspondent writes:-"At a nume rouBly-attcnded meeting of the inhabitants of Granya and the vicinity, and of which Mr. A. Stewart, J.P., waa chairman, it was resolved «em. dig., on the motion of Mr. Thomas Legge, seconded by Mr. James Christie ' Tint In the opinion ol this meeting; the route vii Bethanga to Tintaldra is the most désirable, and that a committee be appointai to act lu conjunction with tho Tintaldra cemmlttco.' After (ho railway meeting the existing accom- modation for the scholars at the state school came under discuBBion, and a resolution was carried unanimously to the effect ' That tho building now mod as a state Behool at Granya Is totally Inadequate to tbo requirements of tho number of children attending tho sonic, ana that a petition be preparad and forwarded to tho head of tho Education department requesting tho erection of a suitable building for school purposes and toachor's residence.' Mr. Christie then moved that the chairman, Mr. C. C. Sparrow, be requested to take steps to carry oat tho foregoing resolution." The overflow from the Broken River has (according to the Ntimurkah Standard) been stopped during the week, the sandbags forming the barrier in the river having been removed. It will thns be seen that all the efforts made to get a supply down the creek to the famishing inhabitants in this part bave proved futile. The outlook is Indeed a sorry one. Farmers are already carting water for domestic purposes many miles, and the condition of affairs with regard to stock ii really alarming. The shire well at Numurkah is besieged by large numbers of carts daily i and the same can be said of all the wells in the shire. The contracts for two new welU were let at the council meeting on Tuesday one at Numurkah and tbo other at Nathalia. The sooner these works are in progress the better, and we hope all speed will be made to get them finished. The WaUialla Chronicle of Friday records the two following instances of persons being lost in the bush :-" On Thursday last Wm. Scott, 23 years of age, son of a selector, re- siding at the foot of the Toongabbie ranges, waB missed from his home, and as he was deaf and dumb, and eccentric in his habits, con- siderable anxiety was caused to bis friends and neighbours when it became known that he had not returned on Friday. The Toon- gabbie polico and selectors for miles round turned out in Eearch of the unfortunate young man, which waa continued up to Sunday without success. Early on Monday morning however, Mrs. Sherwood, of the Mount Look Out Accommodation-house, hearing the dogs bark, suspected that some one was prowling about the premises, got up and found Scott standing behind somo bushes. Al- though somewhat exhausted, he was raven- ously hungry, and waa only permitted for a time to indulge moderately, after which he appeared very little the worse for his ramble. Mrs. Kyberdt, an old resident of Walhalla, had a narrow escape from perish- ing in the bush a few days ago. She had been on a visit to a place about five miles from her grandson's, whero she resides, and started on her return thence on Mon- day, the 0th inet. She was picked up on the 12th inst. When found ia one of the many gullies she was in a very exhausted state, but suffering principally from thirst. The unfortunate sufferer was removed to her grandson's aa Boon aa possible, where she soon recovered from ber involuntary bush ad- venture. Mrs. Kyberdt is 70 years of age We are glad to notice (says the Camper- down Chronicle) that the Western Meat Pre ' serving Company purpose commencing opera- tions with rabbits in March if the weather is favourable. The machinery and plant of the factory bas been thoroughly renovated since wotk was discontinued last year, and every- thing now is in complete readiness to com- mence preserving. This will be glad tidings to the landholders in the district, and as the capacity of the factory is up to 18,000 pairs or 30,000 rabbits weekly, there is a prospect of a material diminution of the rabbit nuisance, while at the Bama time profitable employ- ment will be afforded to the men and boys in the district as trappers and factory hands, , and to teamsters, who will be required to cart the rabbits from the trapping country to the factory. We have no doubt that if the weather is cool enough to allow the rabbits to be delivered in good order operations will be commenced even before the time at which the company notify their intention of start ing. Reports from all parts of the distrio state that the rabbits are more numerous tha-> ever, and are very tat. Nothing ia therefor > wanting but cool weather to enable the com nany to proceed to work at once. We shal be glad to see a start made as Boon as dream Btances permit, because the circulation of, from £270 to £300 weekly in Camperdown which is about the amount of wages paid every week by the company when the factory is in fnll swing, is a matter of considerabl > moment to buainess men and others, while the weekly removal of 30,000 rabbit' is of vital importance to the landholders whose grass is beingeaten by them. We aro informed that the landholders throughout this district intend discharging the men en- gaged in trapping rabbits on their estates, and purpose resorting to poisoning again. It ¡B to be hoped, now that the WOB torn Meat Preserving Company have notified their in- tention of commencing work, that land- holders will seo the desirability of suspending poisoning measures in the intereata of the local industry, the extensivo operations of which are bound to very greatly diminish the rabbit nuisance. The Ballarat Star of Saturday states that "The wheat traffic on the railway line is something enormous, nowithstanding the fuct that crops, as a rule, have not been up to the average in the Wimmera district. The quantity of wheat awaiting transport at such up-country BtationB as Murtoa, Lubeck, Jung Jung, and Horsham is stated to be very great ; and in order to relieve the traffic it is probable that nearly a dozen special trains will run from Ballarat to Stawell and other stations on Sunday." Harvesting operations (states the Dayles- ford Mercury) have been in full swing in this district for some little time past, and It is satisfactory to learn that a fine yield will be the result. A good proportion of the crop3 bave been cut for bay, which will not only be plentiful, but what is more, is of excellent quality. When the grain is to be garnered, the prodnct, on the whole, is expected to con- siderably exceed the quantity obtained last year, while in very many instances the crops will prove excellent. Rust has in a few caaes done a little harm, but nothing to speak of. 