VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Jan. 13. Henry Trismear, aged 12, and Henry Crash, aged 11, vere drowned yesterday in a dangerous hole on the Merri Creek. The boys, after leaving school, went to bathe. Their clothes were found some hours after 'warde. Four persons were drowned in the same place X _ ? -.— 171I-M 1 MM TO AhmIkA BW*T« A AM A A 4- A J M TllG 'VOmQfi WOUlllU xux*i» ouu xruui&Cf; nuu vi-camu a sensation in SwanBton- streetsome days ago by attempt ing to Eboot G. k Chapman, a music-seller, was dis- . charged from custody 'this morning. She appeared in court with an infant in arms. Chapman having gone to New Zealand, the prosecution fell through. Work on the Alphington line of railway is still delayed, owing to the exorbitant demand of the land owners, and it is doubtful if the line will be made. The present claims aggregate £80,000, which is over four times the amount voted for the construction of the line. The Eerald publishes a statement that a man known 8B Thomas Edgar Year Farley, an old colonist, who died recently in the hospital, and received a pauper's burial, has been discovered to have left property to the value of £10,000. It is reported that the deceased was known in Ireland, where all his relations reside, under the name of O'Flaherty. He arrived in the colony in 1849. The committee of magistrates appointed to report on the moBt effectual means of suppressing larrikinism, have been in consultation with the Chief Secretary, Inepector- General of Penal Establishments, and the Crown Law officers, with a view to obtaining informa tion, when the magistrates will formulate proposals, and the Government will introduce a measure to pro vide the necessary legislation. Captain Smith, of the Nelson, and Captain Chap man, of the Julia Percy, attended the meeting of the Steam Navigation Board to-day, when the matter of the collision between the vessels was finally dealt with. Counsel on behalf of Captain Smith urged that the board had no jurisdiction, as the collision occurred over three miles from the coast line. The objection was overruled. Smith's certificate was suspended for six months, and Chapman was censured for dereliction of duty. The Sandridge Court has been engaged for the past two dajs investigating the charge against John M'Culloch, late carpenter of the barque Oasis, of wil fully setting fire to the vessel, and endangering the lives of the captain and crew. The evidence, which was circumstantial, pointed conclusively to the prisoner's guilt The prisoner shipped for two years in England in the capacity of carpenter, at £5 a month, and served about 12 months. He had £50 due to to him, and made three unsuccessful attempts to obtain his discharge, on the plea of sickness. It is supposed that the accused adopted the extreme course of attempting to fire the ship in order to relieve himself from his engagement. The vessel, which a week or two previ ously arrived at Sandridge from Burrard's Inlet, timber laden, narrowly escaped destruction. The prisoner was committed for trial. Mr. Bent will visit Kilcunda next week, to inquire as to the quantity and quality of the coal produced in that district. ? The Cabinet are divided on the question of running Sunday trains on all lines, and havo decided that Sunday trains shall not run on the Mordialloc line until Parliament has had an opportunity of dealing with the general question. At present Sunday excur- . sionists travel by train to Brighton, and thence by j coach to Mordialloc. Satuiiday. The Gulf of Carpentaria (e.) has arrived from London. Three thoroughbred horses are on board for Mr. Kite, of New South Wales. Of five shipped two died on the voyage. Those living are one racehorse and two brood mares. Mr. J, H. Connor, formerly M.L.A., and Mayor of Geelong, is likely to become a candidate for the South Western Province of the Legislative Council, in the loom of the Hon. James Henty, deceased. The Ballarat Star says that Mr. Berry, ashamed of his old political associates, has joined the new party, of ?which Mr. Francis and Mr. Murray Smith are promi nent members. An English letter says that Sir C. G. Duffy was married on November 16, at Madeleine, to the niece of his former wife. There is a difference in age3 of 45 years, the lady being 22. The relationship was accounted a religious difficulty, for the removal of which the Pope's dispensation had to be obtained. At the marriage ceremony this dispensation was read from the altar by the officiating priests. Sunday. Some interest has been excited in theatrical circles by a rather extraordinary assault committed on Friday evening by Mr. M'Fadyen, the actor, who recently appeared as a etar for a short season at the Bijou Theatre, upon Mr. William Lynch, solicitor. M'Fad jen's wife (Miss Carrie NeUon), the popular actress, is engaged at the Bijou. On Friday the wife proceeded to Mr. Lynch's office for the purpose of consulting him regarding a disagreement, and whilst explaining the trouble to Mr. Lynch, M'Fadyen entered in a very excited 6tate, and endeavoured to get hold of his wife. Lynch, not know ing the intruder, interposed to protect his client, aud received two violent blows in the face. He then re taliated and punished his assailant severely. The latter had to beat a retreat. The matter has been brought before the police court. The remains of the late Hon. James Henty were buried at Hew on Saturday. The funeral cortege was very lengthy, and included a number of leading resi dents of the «ity. There were eight pall-bearers, namely, Sir Francis Murphy, the Rev. Mr. Wood, Messrs. R, Goldebrough, L. A. Moody, D. C. M'Arthur, Ogilvie, Moore, and A. Woolley. The service at the grave was performed bvttie Dean of Melbourne and the Rev. C. T. Perks. ' Monday. The residence of Mr. Gaunt, barrister, formerly police magistrate, was totally destroyed by fire at 6 o clock yesterday morning. The residence was called 'Willows,' and was situated at Ballarat. The family *na Bervants had only time to Bave their lives. All Jai. Gaunt's library, pictures, plate, &c;, were destroyed. The property was insured for £700. The loss is esti mated at nearly £4000. The origin of the fire is a myBtery. A large quantity of opium was seized by the Customs officers at Echuca, on suspicion of its having been smuggled across the border from Moama. It has been known to the Customs officers that for a long time past large quantities of opium have been sent from Moama, and as there is no consumption of the com modity there it has been strongly suspected that the drug was sent over the border, the Victorian duty being 20s. a pound, double that of New South Wales. This morning M'Guinness, a Customs officer, found two cases containing opium at Echuca railway station, the duty on which would amount to nearly £100. One of the cases was addressed to a Chinaman at Castlemaine, the other to another at Maryborough, both being consigned by Chinese store keepers at Echuca East. It is believed that the opium forms portion of a lot of ljcwt. imported to Moama a few days ago. The officials of Pentridge recommend flogging as the most effectual means of suppressing larrikinism. M'Fadyen, the actor, was oharged with assaulting Mr. Lynch, solicitor, at the police court to-day. He was fined £10, with the alternative of one month's im prisonment. The fine was not paid. A young man named Onslow, residing at Yackan dandah, was bitten by a snake, and died a few hours afterwards. The miners' strike at the Black Horse mine, Eger ton, continues. The directors of the Egerton mine having posted a notice to men employed in their claim who belonged to the Miners' Association that they could no longer be employed, a majority of the men agreed to sever their connection with the association. Only 19 points of rain have fallen this year in Melbourne. Henry Brunning, a well-known offender, was com mitted for trial to-day, on a charge of stealing 575 sheep, the property of Von Steiglitz. Captain Smith, of the Nelson (s.), intends to appeal against the decision of the Steam Navigation Board, on ? the ground that the collision occurred outside Victorian waters, and outside of the board's jurisdiction ; secondly, that the decision was arrived at by all the members of the board, whereas they did not all hear the evidence. It is also stated that the relatives of Cutler, who was lost overboard, intend to bring an action for damages against the responsible parties, Tuesday. A special report has been presented to the City Council on the existing means of egress from the Melbourne theatres. The Royal is considered to be well provided with means of escape, also with means for the speedy extinction of fire. In the Opera House the entrance is small, and pronounced to be insufficent and dangerous. At the Bijou on an ordinary night the iiouse is cleared and the lights are out in four minutes, and the means of extinguishing fire are ample and in good order. The Princess is abo well provided. At St. George's Hall the outlets are reported as so dangerous that unless other and better provision is made the hall should not be licensed as a place of public amusement. The report states that at every place it has become the practice to block up the gang ways with extra seats, and recommends that this be strictly forbidden. The Victorian'and Tasmanian Methodist Conference opened this evening. ' The Rev. J. G. Millard, of Tas mania, was elected president for the year. The addresses delivered stated that during the past year very great prosperity had attended the Church ; and also mentioned that the fund for the relief of families of ministers who perished in the Tararua had reached £2000. John Parkins, a solicitor, has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment for begging alms in a public place. A woman named Sutherland, while crossing a pad dock at Warrnambool, yesterday, was gored by a bull, which tossed her into the air. The animal was driven off by a man and afterwards destroyed. The woman received a frightful wound in the thigh, and another on the scalp. Captain Chapman takes command of the Nelson (s.) when the repairs are completed. The Bulvia, a vessel which formerly was commanded by Captain Smith, leaves the service of the Western Steam Navigation Co., to whom both vessels belonged. Grain is coming in freely. The amount loaded at Victorian stations last week was 96,000 bags, against 38,000 for the previous week. A bushfire on Fitzgerald's selection, at Kobylyn, in the Seymour district, on Sunday, destroyed 500 acres of grass, and several miles of fencing in the neighbour hood. The selectors made strenuous exertions to arrest the progress of the flames, but did not succeed until Monday, when the fire was apparently extinguished, but it broke out afresh to-day, and is still burning. The miners' strike at Egerton continues. A hundred men are out. In consequence of the agitation in connection with the stoppage of free passes, - Mr. Bent has communi cated with the other colonies, inquiring what rule exists in regard to the matter. The border treaty between South Australia and Vic toria was agreed to by the Government on behalf of this colony to-day. The document will be signed and sealed without delay. The treaty will be in force till a date to be subsequently fixed. The arrangements apply 20 milcB east of the boundary line of the two colonies. The artioles exempted are agricultural implements, live stock, engines, boilers, condensers and fittings, jewellery, watches, machinery, opium, spirits, cordials, tobacco, cigars, snuff, wine, cheese. It is provided that products may be refused if the Customs' officers have reason to believe the goods are being forwarded from one colony to another with a view to take advantage of the difference in the tariffs, and not intended for bona-fide border trade or use. The treaty will terminate at a month's notice by either party. A meeting of electors of the Wentworth district resident in Melbourne, was held at Scott's Hotel this evening in connection with the impending election. Mr. Charles Turner, who was in the chair, read some tele grams received from Wentworth. The following resolu tion, proposed by Mr. Alfred De Sailly, seconded by Mr. W. C. Highett, was carried unanimously, — ' That this meeting expresses its astonishment at the telegrams which have been sent to Wentworth stating that Mr. Evans' committee admitted having acted too hastily, which is contrary to fact, and this meeting pledges itself to support Mr. Evans, and will do all it can to assist his candidature. It was decided that voters in Melbourne leave their names at the office of Turner and Son, in Melbourne, in order that arrangements may be made for a special train to Echuca. Sir Charles Ryan, who came by the ship Sobraon, has been summoned for using abusive language to a railway porter, also for refusing to show his ticket. Wedndslay. Herr E. Boss, a noted European mountaineer and a member of English and Swiss Alpine clubs, has arrived in Melbourne. He has ascended the principal moun tains in Switzerland, including Blanc, and also explored the Himalayas and the Cordilleras in South America, He is accompanied by a party of English gentlemen and a Swiss guide, and will proceed to New Zealand to explore the principal mountains there. Thence he will proceed to New Guinea. Serious accounts have been received of the scarcity of water in the Terricks district. Settlers are carting water for many miles. Grass extremely scarce, and the yield of the crops is not sufficient to supply seed for next season. A mysterious affair is reported from Stawell, where a man, whilst engaged in cutting timber in the bush, found a headless body, believed to be that of a male. None of the bones were broken, but the breast, abdomen, and calves were fieshless, and the body was naked. Tufts of reddish-coloured hair were adhering to the neck. Foul play is suspected. The press is to be excluded from the sittings of the sub-committee appointed to inquire into the sanitary condition of the Melbourne Hospital. A shorthand reporter 'has been engaged to record the witnesses' evidence. Proceedings are to be instituted against the China man concerned in the attempt to smuggle the opium which was lately seized at Echuca. Some Chinese in Melbourne, who are believed to be the actual owners of the opium, will also be summoned. The Customs officers have long been aware that opium was sent in bond to Albury, Deniliquin, and other towns in New South Wales near the border, and thence smuggled across the Murray, and finally sent through to Mel bourne without payment of the extra duty. A paid officer has been sent to Albury to stop the practice, and another will be despatched to Echuca. The Geelong station is to be almost rebuilt, and a tender has been accepted for the work at £12,500. At the Wesleyan Conference this evening the Home Mission report read was of a satisfactory character. The contributions to the mission] fund during the year amounted to £2001. One satisfactory feature in connection with the present harvest is that the arrears of selectors' and licensees' rents arc being forwarded more freely than at any previous season for years past A large number, however, have neglected their obligations, and the Minister notifies that their names will be published in the Gazette in a fortnight. A site for a storage reservoir in connection with the Yan Yean has been selected near Caulfield, for the pur pose of improving the supply to the southern suburbs. The amount of compensation to be paid by Govern ment for the destruction of vines in the Geelong dis trict is upwards of £25,000. The terms have been settled regarding the Warren Ponds vigncrons, the com pensation agreed upon being £3156, or an average of £37 per acre. The calculation was based on the valuo of two years'- crops. The process of uprooting the Warren Ponds vines will be commenced immediately. A telegram has been received from the rock-clearing party at the Heads, intimating that another rock has been discovered in the fairway 25 feet below the sur face. A diver examined it, and found five pinnacles which require removing. The weather was scorching hot to- day, the most oppressive of the season. Reports from the country districts state that the heat is dreadful, and .bush fires are raging in some localities. 