BUSH-FIRE AT LANCEFIELD. One of the most disastrous.bush fires that have ever happened in the Lancefield district since the memorable "Black Monday," some sixteen years ago, oc curred on Sunday, when the Dividing Range, for a distance of about 20 miles, was in flames. The fire, it seems, has been burning within a small compass for the last three weeks, but the violent north winds experienced on Sunday caused it to spread beyond control, and it flwe with almost lightning rapidity in a north-eastern direction towards Lance field, consuming everything before it. HIomesteads were devastated, and not a vestige of fencing is left along the course the fire pursued. The principal sufferers, so far as can be ascertained at present, are Messrs Hunt, Phillips, M'Quigan, M'Garey, Hales, Cullen, Halfpenny, Beasley, Dwyer, and Jones. There are many other losers, whose names have not been ascertained. In many instances, particularly those of Messrs Hunt, Half penny, and M'Quigan, great difficulty was experienced in saving the dwelling houses. Mr Beasley, of Dunsford's station,. has had a number of sheep destroyed, but the extent of the loss cannot yet be ascertained. When the fire reached the Deep Creek, in Dunis ford's station, a quarter of a mile from the township, the wind changed into the south, by which circumstance alone the township, and indeed the whole district to the south, was saved. The change, how over, carried the fire back over the por tions which had previously escaped, and the damage done is calculated by thou-. sands. Hundreds of men exerted them selves to the utmost, but their exertions were ineffectual to stay the progress of the fire, and instances are to hand of narrow escapes from destruction of human life. At night the scene, as witnessed from Lancefield, was one of terrific gran deur, the whole range being illuminated for a breadth of 20 miles, presenting the appearance of one fiery mass. Groups of the inhabitants occupied the streets almost all night watching the spectacle, and the greatest sympathy is felt for the sufferers by the terrible disaster, the full extent of which will not be known for some days. 