GENERAL NEWS. Easier Holidays.—Besides Good Friday ; and Easter Monday the intervening Saturday will be observed as a holiday at the Govern ment Offices. The Minister of Education.—The fol lowing telegram was sent on Monday morning by the Minister of Education|to the Chief Sec retary from Sydney:—"Arrived here all well Go overland Melbourne, and leave there on Saturday night. Had splendid fine passage." Penny Postage in Victoria. — We observe by our Melbourne telegrams that the Government of Victoria contemplate recommending Parliament to sanction the penny postage system. It is estimated that this will involve a loss] of £55,000 during the first year, but that in eight years the total revenue from letters will be as large as it is j now. AssistanttotheBuildingSurveyor.—At a meeting of the City Council on Monday Mr. JohnH. Dixon received the appointment of architectural draftsman and assistant to the Building Surveyor. There were twenty applicants.' Road through the Hundred of Kooly wurtie.—A petition, signed by the residents in the above hundred, was presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Monday, April 3, asking him to cause to be surveyed, purchased, and declared a road in the Hun dred of Koolywurtie, leading through the south side of Section 36n direct west through Section 35 to Port Rickaby. They pointed out that it was the principal port for the whole of Koolywurtie and a large portion of the adjoining hundreds, and at present could only be reached on the north side by going through very heavy sand, or through private property. Mr. Catt promised Messrs. Ross and Beaglehole, M.P's., who presented the petition, to obtain a report, and if it were favourable he would comply with their request. Home for Incurables.—The monthly meeting of the Executive Committee of this institution was held at the Church Office on Thursday, March 30, when there were pre sent—Dr. Gosse (in the chair), Mrs. Downes, Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. Hocter, Mrs. E. T. Smith, Colonel Downes, Rev. J. B. Roper, Dr. Gardner, Dr. Wylde, Dr. Way, and Mr. Macgeorge. A warrant for the month's expenses, amounting to £110 Is. lid., was passed for payment. Applications for admis sion were considered, ana out of six appli cants three were passed. This will leave four beds still vacant. Mrs. Makin and Dr. Stirling were unanimously elected members of committee, and Mrs. Colton was appointed a member of the House Committee. It was resolved that the annual meeting be held on Thursday. May 11, and the Secretary was instructed to ask His Excellency the Governor to preside on that occasion. The Township of Curramulka. — On Monday, April 3, the Hon. R. D. Ross. M.P., and Mr. W. H. Beaglehole, M.P., waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt), and presented a petition prepared by the Curramulka Branch of the Farmers' Association, asking that the road leading from the Township of Curramulka through suburban sections to Port Julia, as far as the south-west comer of section 89, might be grubbed and cleared. The petition pointed out that the road was so thickly timbered as to be impassable; that the track hitherto used winded through the said suburban sec tions, which, being sold and enclosed by the purchasers, rendered travelling difficult and dangerous; and that the traffic to and from Port Julia by the above-mentioned road was considerable. The Commissioner promised to enquire into the matter. Level-crossing Gates.—The Government have introduced the system of working level crossing gates by means of an interlocking apparatus similar to that used on some of the English lines and also in some of the other Australian colonies. The appliances have been fixed at Bowden and Woodville at present, under the supervision of Mr. R. A. White, of the Engineer-in-Cbicf's Depart ment, but it is proposed to have seven sets, one at North Adelaide, one at Woodville, two at Bowden, and the others where most needed. The gates are acted on by means of a winch in the signal box connected by a rod with rackets gear, and working with a rack and pinion upon the heel of each gate, so that when the winch is used the gates are opened or shut simultaneously, the signal man previously operating so as to raise or lower a stop between the lines for the gates to close upon. By an ingenious arrangement, when the signal that the line is clear is up the gates cannot be moved from their proper position, and vice versa. The apparatus worked satisfactorily when tested on Monday morning in the presence of Mr. White. It is a saving of time and labour, and it ensures greater safety to traffic over level-crossings. Timber Reserve in the Hundred of Koolywurtie.—The Hon. R. D. Ross, M.P., and Mr. W. H. Beaglehole, M.P., presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt) on Monday, April 3, a petition signed by fifty-nine residents in the Hundred of Koolywurtie, praying that a certain portion of the above hundred might be declared a timber reserve. The part asked for was all that strip of land commencing at the north west corner of Section 31: thence westerly to thescacoast as the northern boundary, and commencing at the south-west corner of Sec tion 30 as the southern boundary. The reason rgiven was that, in consequence of so much of the district being surveyed and taken up .under the scrub leases, timber for fencing ana .other purposes would become exceedingly scarce. The Commissioner promised to obtain A report on the subject, on receipt {of which he would reply. Smallpox Hospital.—The Health Com mittee of the City Council reported as fol lows on Monday: — " With reference to this matter your Committee recommend that the Central Board of Health be informed that .-should any emergency arise the City Council will be willing to confer with them as to a :site for a temporary erection, but that a ; suburban site should be purchased for the erection thereon of such a building in the event of an outbreak of smallpox occurring." I The report was adopted. Decennial Return of Wages.—Mr. G. ; S. Wright, Government Statist, has forwarded to us a copy of the return prepared by Mr. W.fL Hunt, showing the average rates of -wages that have prevailed in the province from 1881. The return shows that during last year there was an increase in the wages paid to domestic servants as well as ffi given to married couples for domestic, farm, or dairy service. Miners have been receiving higher wages owing to the demand created for such labour by the development of the gold fields. It is noticeable also that the low state of aflairs existing among the agriculturists here has had its effect upon the Traces paid to farm labourers by causing a considerable reduction in the average hire paid to them. The return has been made up -from figures kept by Mr. Hunt, and is a very valuable document. Presentation at Minlaton.—On Wednes day evening, March 29, Mr. E. Newman, J.P., was entertained at a dinner at the Miniaton Hotel and presented with a testi monial on behalf of the residents of Miniaton and the surrounding district. Mr. Ford, J.P., occupied the chair, and after the usual toasts had been honoured the Chairman presented Mr. Newman with a beautifully illuminated address, which had been pre pared by Mr. W". J. Ponder, the National Bank Manager, and which was as follows :— " We the undersigned, residents of Miniaton and its neighbourhood, having heard with regret of your intending departure from our midst, take this opportunity of expressing our good wishes for yourself and your fomi'y. We also hope that in whatever part of the colony you may decide upon settling that you may meet with prosperity and hap piness. During the time you have been among us we have always found you ready to : assist in promoting and carrying out any enterprise having for its object the general good of the town or district, and have always been ready to put aside private business to perform the public duties called for in your position as one of the local Justices of the Peace." [Here follow about forty signatures.] Mr. Newman suitably responded, and ex pressed his gratitude for all the kindness and support which had been given to him at Miniaton. Graving Dock.—Captain Smith elicited from the President of the Marine Board on Thursday that the site of the proposed raving dock was in the vicinity of Hawker's reek. Silt Question. — Mr. Mattinson, M.P., has suggested to the Treasurer the desirability of charging a uniform price of 6d. per load for silt, whether supplied to public bodies or private individuals. The Marine Board are divided in opinion as to whether they should charge 6d. or 9d. per load all round. At the meeting on March 30 it was stated that nothing less than 9d. per load would cover the coBt of silt landed; but at the meeting on February 23 the Board were told that 6d. per ton would meet the extra cost to which tncy were put in landing the material. A decision may be arrived at on the subject at the next Board meeting. Councillor for Hindmarsh Ward.—The nomination for the vacauev in the re presentation of Hindmarsh Ward, caused by the resignation of Councillor Brooks, took place in the Town Hall Ex change Boom, on Friday morning, March 31. Two nominations were re ceived as follows John Le Maistre Roberts, of Adelaide, publican, and James Zimn Cellar, of Adelaide, grocer. His Worship the Mayor, who acted as Returning Officer, adjourned further proceedings till Tuesday, April 11, when a poll will be taken. The Late Mr. G. H. Paqualin.—We regret to announce the death of Mr. G. H. Paqualin, an esteemed agent and business man at Port Adelaide for many years past. Over two years ago he underwent a painful operation, from the effects of which he never fully recovered. His end, however, came somewhat suddenly, as he was as well as usual the previous day, but he expired at his residence, Alberton, at half - past 2 o'clock on Friday iuoming, leaving a widow and two children to mourn their loss. Reuter's Agency.—Mr. Tyas having ac cepted the position of Registrar of the Ade laide University, Mr. Arthur Boult has been appointed to succeed him as Reuter's agent in Adelaide. Registrar of the Adelaide University. —The Council of the Adelaide University considered the applications for the position of Registrar, rendered vacant by the resigna tion of Mr. W. Barlow, M.A., and out of the sixty-two applicants selected Mr. J. W. Tyas, of this citj. Mr. Tyas, who for some time past has acted as Reuter's agent in Adelaide, was formerly connected with the London; Times, on the staff of which paper his father was employed. Mr. Tyas was some years ago in business in this city, having been a member of the firm of Carter and Tyas. Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Ex hibition.—It is proposed that a grand Inter colonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition should be held in the Garden Palace, Sydney, at the close of the present year, and initiatory steps have been taken to cany out the proposition. The committee appointed for the purpose have sent circulars to the Press in the various colonies, and have asked tbeir co-operation in forwarding the interests of the Exhibition. They also invite young people of both sexes under twenty-one years of age in all the Australian Colonies to assist in making the Exhibition a success by contributing their handiwork. The object of the Exhibition is a good one, namely, to stimulate the energies and display the abilities of the rising genera tion, and to create a taste for the line arts; and as the profits, if any, are to be divided among charitable institutions, the aim of the promoters is certainly deserving of general and hearty support. Well Directed Charity.—Under this heading the Mount Barker Courier states that £110 has been collected for the relief of the sufferers by the recent disastrous bush fire near Mount Pleasant, and has been dis tributed as follows:—H. Spher, £50; Brii choz. £27; John Maguire, £10 ; J. Under wood, £8; E. Cosk, £5; E. fiillier, £5; and Jurgins, £5. Death of Mr. H. H. Thomas.—Mr. H. H. Thomas, Manager of the Union Bank, Port Adelaide, died on Friday morning, March 31. The deceased gentleman had been Manager at the Port for several years, and took an active interest in municipal matters. He has been long identified with the progress of the Port Institute, of which he was a committeeman at the time of his death. His affable manner and gentlemanly conduct had won for him the ■ espect of all wno knew him. He had been n delicate health for some years past. He leaves a widow and daughters. Irish Land League.—We are informed by Messrs. Healey and Whelan, the Treasurer and Secretary of the Adelaide Branch of the Irish Land League Fund, that they have re mitted £160 bv the outgoing mail in aid of the above fund in Ireland. Tmpfhtat. Permanent Building and In vestment Society.—The thirty-fourth half at the Secretary's office, Montefiore Cham bers, Waymouth-street, on Tuesday evening, March 28, Mr. J. C. Verco, J.P., Chairman of Directors, presiding. The balance-sheet for the past six months was taken as read, and Messrs. A. S. DeveniBh, A. M. Simpson, and W. Sketheway were elected Directors for the ensuing year. Exchange of Roads at Tam O'Shanter Creek.—With regard to the proposed ex change of roads at Tain O'Shanter Creek, the Surveyor-General'sDepaTtment has suggested that the Government should receive a fair price for the valuable wharf frontages which the Port Corporation purpose alienating to the Tam O'Shanter Land Company. The Marine Board have been asked to report upon it, but have taken time to consider the matter. Funerals from Port Adelaide.—The remains of the late Mr. G. H. Paqualin were interred in the Port and Suburban Cemetery on Saturday afternoon last. The cortege in cluded nineteen vehicles, and theie was present at the grave a very large number of businessmen of the Port, and several from Adelaide. The funeral of the late Mr. H. H. Thomas took place from the Union Bank, Port Adelaide, at the North-road Cemetery, on Sunday afternoon. Besides the mourners, Mrs. and Miss Thomas, there followed Dr. and Mrs. Getting. Mrs. Ferguson, Messrs. Blair and Hodge, the President, the Treasurer, and several committeemen, also the Hon. Secretary and Librarian of the Port Adelaide Institute, His Worship the Mayor and members of the Council, Mr. Crawford, Manager of the Adelaide branch, with other officers of the Union Bank ; Mr. W. Niell, Manager of the National Bank, Port Ade laide ; Mr. Hope Boss, Manager of the Bank of South Australia, Port Adelaide; Messrs. G. A. Connor and Tothill, of the Bank of Adelaide ; Mr. Anderson, Manager of the Commercial Bank, Port Adelaide; the Presi dent of the Marine Board, and representa tives of the legal, mercantile, ana trading classes of the Town of Port Adelaide, the assembly at the grave being very large. Archdeacon Marryatt conducted the service. A Long Votagk.—In these days the custom is to comment on quick passages and to leave the slow ones to be noticed by the owners or crews of rival boatB. Bnt sometimes a vessel distinguishes herself by extraordinary dilatoriness, and then it be comes interesting to the public to know how long a voyage to or from England may last, even in the years 1881-2. A case of this kind is supplied by the barque Sattara, /which arrived here on Monday, after having been 139 days out from her port of departure, Barrow. Bad weather and barnacles seem to have been the chief causes of her prolonged passage, and contrary winds towards the end must have sorely taxed the patience of the captain and crew, as the vessel has been drifting to and fro within a day's sail of Port Adelaide for the last eleven days, aud yet could not enter the gulf and find a berth. Unsatisfied Judgment Summonses.—At the Local Court on Friday morning the Special Magistrate intimated that in future if unsatisfied judgment summonses were not attended to he would impose the highest fine allowed by the Act, namely £10, whatever the amount of the debt might be. Dr. Jackson.—We understand that Dr. Jackson relinquishes his position of Assis tant-Colonial Surgeon and Medical Officer at the Mount Gambler Hospital at the end of April, and that his successor will be ap pointed ^about the middle of the present month. Gawlek Corporation.—At the fortnightly meeting of the Council held on Monday evening, March 27, His Worship the Mayor (Mr. H. Dean) was present for the first time since January 20. Councillor Burton, on behalf of the other Councillors, expressed the gratification they had at seeing His Worship again present amongst them. The Mayor thanked the Councillors for their kind expression of feeling which they had shown all through his late illness. He hoped his health would continue to improve, so that he could from that time be present with them. The report re borrowing £1,200 for an Exhibition building having been read, the Mayor said as they had now got the money the sooner they took action and got the building up thc'better. They should invite the representatives of the Agricultural Society Cricket and Football Clubs, and meet as early as convenient on the park lands and decide about the site. It was then resolved to meet on the grounds on Tuesday next, April 4, and fix the site. Bank Shares.—On Tuesday, March 28, 1,070 Town and Country Bank shares were sold to a well-known member of the Legisla ture at £114s. The same purchaser expressed himself willing to take up to 2,000 more shares at the same figure ; but as another competitor subsequently gave £1 15s. for 500 shares it need hardly be said he was unable to obtain them. JEIivek Hews.—The Pastoral Times, writ ing ;on March 23, has tho followirg with reference to the weather:—" There has been no change in the weather, and although the temperature has somewhat moderated it con tinues to be of a true ' summer' character. Bain is apparently as far off as ever, and with an exhausting water supply in every direction and absence of grass the outlook is gloomy enough. Stock movements have almost entirely ceased, and must of necessity be limited until a change of season cakes place. From most parts of the colony there are great complaints of the want of rain. In the Mudgee District things are looking serious, and a number of small settlers there have had to sell their cattle as stores at an average price of about 10s. per head. Around Dubbo it is said the country could not look worse. About Warren the water in thp river is unfit for use; cattle and sheep are dying, and many station-holders are pre paring for the road. On the .Lower Bogan there is grass and water, but on the Upper Bogan things are almost as bad as they can be. Tluoughout the whole of that part of the country matters look serious, ana unless rain falls soon the losses will be very heavy. Preparations are being made on all sides to travel stock in the nope of saving them. From Wagga we learn that prospects are about as bad as can be imagined. From Hay also we learn that the want of rain is being severely felt." Zoological and Acclimatization Society. —A meeting of the Council of this Society was held at tlie office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.LC., on Friday, March 31. There were present—His Honor the Chief Justice (President), Dr. Mayo, and Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P. (Vice-Presidents), the Hon. B. D. Boss, M.P., Messrs. W. J. Magarey, J. F. Sanderson, A. Abrahams, George Hamilton, George Boothby, W. West-Erskine, and the Hon. Secretary (Mr. Minchin). The Presi dent reported to the Council that the sub committee had had an interview that day with the Governors of the Botanic Gardens, who declined to allow the'Zoological Society any portion of the Botanic Eeserve. It was decided to appoint a deputation to wait on the Chief Secretaiy and request that a Bite for a Zoological Garden lie fixed upon by the Government; the deputation to consist of the Chief Justice, Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., Dr. Mayo, and Messrs. Boothby, Hamilton, Murray, Magarey, and the Hon. Secretary. A letter was received from Mr. G. W. Hibbert, of near Paradise, asking the Council to be allowed to purchase a few of the American bronzewmged turkeys lately intro duced by Dr. Mayo for the Society. Mr. Hibbert to be informed that at present the Council is unable to comply with his request. The Secretary was instructed to send £100 to London for a further supply of American turkeys. New Steamship.—From the Argus we learn that Captain H. W. H. Chatfield, who formerly commanded the Union S.S. Co.'s s.s. Bingaroowa, is en route for England, to bring out one of the new steamers now being built for the Union Steamship Com pauy. Rain in the North.—Messrs. W. Gordon and Co. have received a telegram, stating that good rains have fallen at Haddon, a run belonging to Messrs. W. & J. H. Howie, on the borders of Queensland and South Aus tralia, and that all the South Australian creeks about there are full. None had fallen at Clifton Hills (in Queensland). Compensation to Dockyard Employes. —A private meeting of Dockyard employes took place at the Lefevre's Peninsula Hotel, Lefevre's Peninsula, on Tuesday night, April 4, to consider the refusal of the Government to grant compensation to retiring Dockyard employes after five years' service. It was stated that Bince the receipt of the Marine Board Secretary's communication containing the refusal, Mr. Mattinson, one ot the mem bers for the Port, had seen the Chief Secre tary, and represented to him that compensa tion had been paid to retiring officers whose salaries had been disbursed from loan funds. The Chief Secretary had promised to make enquiries into the matter, and let their member know the result. After some con versation, the meeting was adjourned for a week. The Sewage Act.—'The firs fine for a breach of the provisions of the Sewage Act was made by Mr. Beddome, at the Police Court, on Tuesday morning. Under clause 49 any person intending to build a new house within the drainage area is compelled to give written notice fourteen days before he begins to lay out the foundations to the Commis sioner of Public Works of his intention to build, but Messrs. Howard and Holman, of the firm of Wills & Co., had neglected to give such a notice, and so they were sum moned before Mr. Beddome. The defence wasthattkej^had erred through ignorance^ fine of Is. Peculiar Death.—Acting-Commissioner Peterswald has received the following tele gram from the police stationed in Hamilton, Victoria:—"A man described as under came on board the Skyro, at Port Adelaide, on 29th ult., suffering from delirium, tremens, and died wnile off this port last night. Irish, aged 45, 5 ft. 8 in., complexion dark, curly hair, brown beard and moustache, thin whiskers, blind of left eye, large scar on left temple; seemed to be afraid of the police, and mentioned Detective Connor." The tele gram was sent to Constable O'Connor at Hindmarsh, and he identified the person described as a publican named Dwyer, who kept the Hope Inn at Hindmarsh. It seems that Dwyer was summoned to appear before Mr. Beddome on March 29. for a breach of the Licensed Victuallers Act, and that he left his home on the 28th, ostensibly to go to the city and engage the services of a solicitor, but that he had not returned since then. Subse guently another telegram was received from Hamilton, stating that an account had been found in the pocket of deceased's clothes from Messrs. W. B. Rounsevell & Co. directed to Mr. Dwyer and charging for five gallons of whisky. The Adelaide police at once made enquiries whether such an account had been sent by the firm, and were informed that such was the case. There can be no doubt, there fore, as to the identity of the man. CENTENARY OF IRISH LEGISLATIVE INDE PENDENCE.—A meeting of Irishmen was held at the Queen's Head Hotel, North Adelaide, on Tuesday night, for the purpose of taking measures to celebrate on April 17 the cente nary of the repeal of the Statute of Drogheda, passed in 1494, by which legislation in the Irish Parliament was restricted to measures that had first been approved of by the English Council. Mr. Gliddon occupied tbe chair, and there were about a dozen persons present, several of whom expressed the opinion that had more notice been given of the meeting there would have been a large attendance. Mr. J. Barrett was appointed Secretary. It was considered advisable to proceed to business at once, and a committee waB appointed, with power to add to their number, to make arrangements for holding a dinner to celebrate the centenary of the occa sion already referred to. St. Patrick's Day Demonstration.—At the final meeting of the Committee of the St. Patrick's Day demonstration it was unani mously resolved to vote £25 of the profits of the demonstration to the charities under the Sisters of St. Joseph, and the remainder to the Adelaide Hospital, Children's Hospital, and Deaf, Dumb and Blind Asylum. Cyprus Coinage.—We have been favoured by Mr. Henry Heuzenroeder with an oppor tunity of inspecting some new coins intended for the currency of the Island of Cyprus, i They are of bronze, and being fresh from the London Mint, they appear very beautiful. On the obverse is the head of Queen Vic toria, with the date 188L and on the reverse is a coral wreath, inside which is the in scription, "1 piastre," or "J piastre," or " ^ piastre," according to the" value of the coin. The bronze piastres are larger than the English pennies, and very much like Cingalese money in appearance. They will certainly be less likely to be lost than the infinitesimally small silver coins which are still current in the Turkish Empire, and some of which arc so small that they bend in the fingers when handled. Blind and Deaf and Dumb nstitution. —As the schedule received from the Chief Secretary of all blind and deaf and dumb persons in South Australia shows that there are a great many so afflicted, the Chairman of the Committee of the institution (Mr. Townsend) has sent out to the whole of the Corporations and District Councils through out the colony a circular, of which the fol lowing is a copy" 1. Howmany bliud per sons have you in- your neighbourhood? 2. How many deaf and dumb persons are in your neighbourhood? 3. Male or female, stating age. 4. What means have they of living? 5. Would their friends contribute a portion towards their support if they were admitted into the institution? G. There being now plenty of room in the institution, please use your influence to get any suitable persons to make application for admission ?" Wayzgoose—The second annual wayz goose in connection with the Government Printing "Office was held at Houghton on Saturday. The weather, _ though rather doubtful in its aspect during the early part of the morning, proved all that could be desired. A party numbering between fifty and sixty persons started from town at about 8.15, and after a very pleasant drive via Paradise and Anstey's Hill arrived at Houghton at 10.30, when sports of various kinds and cricket were engaged in. Several members of the party availed themselves of the Hon. R. D. Ross's kind permission to visit his grounds, where they received every attention from the hon. gentleman, who also treated them in a most hospitable manner. At 3 o'clock a capital dinner was provided by Host Young of the Travellers' Rest, at which the usual toasts were drunk and various songs given. The Diamond-drill at Echunga. — We understand that it is the intention of the Government to remove the large diamond drill which has lately been brought from Eucla to Echunga, where it will be used to test the mineral capabilities of the district. Gawler Corporation and Exhibition Building.—On Tuesday afternoon, April 4, the whole of the members of the Corpora tion, with the exception of Councillor Calla ghan, together with Messrs. J. Martin, J.P., G. Warren, J.P., Rigg, and J. Alexander (deputation from the ^Agricultural Society), and Captain Plummer, and Messrs. J. Tardif and W. Tribe (deputation from the Cricket and Football Clubs) met on the Gawler park lands for the purpose of deciding on the site for the Exhibition building. Councillor Wilkinson proposed, and Councillor Fowler seconded—' That the front of this building be 20 feet inside the carriage drive, near the fence dividing the recreation ground, the building to face south-east." Carried. The Council then amounted to the Town Hall and held a special meeting, when a discus sion took place as to the nature of the build ing. The Mayor thought it should be 100 feet long, 50 feet wide, with a grand stand on top capable of seating 800 persons. They would also require a publican's bar and accommodation for fruit and other stands. The resolution passed on the park lands was confirmed. After some discussion Councillor Burton moved—"That it is desirable thattkebuilding be about 100 feet by 50 feet, adapted tothefol lowing purposes—Agricultural Shows, See., and to contain fruit stalls, bar,, and refresh ment-room, the walls to be constructed of stone, and the roof to form a grand stand." Councillor May seconded the proposition, which was carried. Councillor May pro posed and Councillor Wilkinson seconded a resolution, which was carried, offering a premium of £25 for the best design for the building. Australian Widows' Fund Lips As surance Society.—Dr. Gunson has been ap pointed a Director of the Adelaide Branch of this Society. Miners Residential Rights.—A deputa tion, consisting of the Directors of the Moonta and Hamley Mines, and Messrs. Gartrell and Dixon, representing the miners of Yorke's Peninsula, waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Catt) and asked that the Government would take steps to relax the stringency of the regulations per mitting only miners actually engagecl in mining pursuits to reside on mineral leases. Mr. Catt, in reply, promised to consider tho arguments put forward bj the deputation, and to see if it were possible to grant the request, of course at the same time seeing that the interests of the public were pro tected. A Hard Case.—A notable instance of the distressed condition of some of our northern farmers through the failure of their crops was presented to the Insolvency Court on Tuesday. An old man named Reuben Winstanley, with a pallid face and shrunken form, applied to the Court for a certificate to release him from his debts; his defi ciency amounted to only £38, but which the bad harvests around Elliston of the last two seasons rendered him totally unable to meet; and while he was uuder examination by Mr. A. G. Downer the feeble witness sank down into the box from sheer physical exhaustion. It was then elicited from him that he had had nothing to eat all day (the time was half past 2). as he had no money to pay for any thing, and his brother, who paid his coach fare from Nainie in the morning, was not in a position to give him any more. _ Under these circumstances the examination was naturally adjourned and provision made for giving the unfortunate insolvent some re freshment. His Honor truly remarked, iu granting a provisional maintenance order for £15, that in snch a case it was but a farce for the Court to adjourn for luncheon. 