;:f, ; MELBOURNE. ,' h (from, our own correspondent.) Friday evening. Bre vials seem so attractive that I am tempted to support them. Tho water famine continues, though- many hundreds in tho arid districts suf- \- fer': uncomplainingly. Tho Ministry really do good work in alleviating it, but I can't help pity ing the people at Mount Wycheproof, who liavo to travel eight miles to Mr Moffatt a wells to get brackish water. However, by to-morrow morn ing tho- two new Government welU will be sunk, for tho earth is soft as chocolate, and then tho water.famino will bo roliovcd. The only place that has sont in a ploa to-day has boon Bur- roreros,. » township twenty miles from Donald, and not on the railway track where great suffer ings are being endured. Tho main difficulty in the famine districts is that tho want of water so terribly assists tho opthalmic developments. Or dinary Victorian opthalmia is largely propagated by flies, which hang round tho eyes of children, and even adults, seeking there for moisture. Few people are acquainted with the nature of tlie simple injection which restrains tho dovelope- inont of tho purulont matter that otherwise un checked seals the oyes and causes ulceration of . the liner membranes of the conjunctiva, arid tlie coriaequenco is that tho flies secure a triumph. Plentiful and continuous ablution, which is es sential, is almost impossible to be secured in the arid: districts, and hence disease spreads. It cannot -be too clearly pointed out to parents that if the. eyes, are allowed to close the purulent matter -will eat into the membrane; of the eye, and if'it does not affeot the nervous. action will leave upon tho cornor a white filmy mark, which will take from seven to ten years of growth, assisted by tho continuous. use'df stimu lating injections, t» ©radicate.; ' Therefore iw opthalmia is upon the plains most prevalent,' all sufferers --should provide "themselves" with- a syringe, and tho various solutions chiefly having zinc as tlieir base, which arrest the'' progrqssjof the discharge and prevent the ; purulent matter secretrid' from injuring the sight. Nature, stronger than man's art, is extirpating the rabbits' by millions. Drought and. ; bush- fires this season have played havoc in their, turik's, and ore the winter falla this post will have "be-, coniec'ontrollablo.' Thpre is an ethnological question of . deep" im port about to come under discussion; It' is who introduced the first donkey to Victoria 7 v An-iri- dividual named Zelly lias claimed that liis, iiri- ' ported thirty years ago from Tasmania, -preceded John Thomas Smith's. : From her general co quetry and appearance of age Desdemona must he backed against our . Wliittington's; .IVliat became of the brains of that donkey 7 --Did the . chaplain get them all?. ;- The adjourned inquiry into tho circumstances connected with-the accident to the: steamer Wil liams, by which 'the feltcoatirig of the boilers was set On fire, was continued'and concluded to- day by the Steam. Navigation Board. .The evidence . went to show that the engineer, Peter ;Black, was to.-blariie for letting the water_; get too', low in tlie "boilers. . - The board suspended liis certifi cate for three months. . ' .. . At a meeting of the members of the Austra- . lian team of .cricketers ' held to-day, it was de cided to take a thirteenth man to,. England. Jones was the.inan selected, :. In the Court of Mines to-day, his Honour the Chief Justice' gave his reserved judgment in the appeal of White against the Bank of Victoria; His' Honour" Judge Nolan, at tlie Castlemaine Courtfof - Mines, refused to expunge a proof of dobt of Mr White to the bank in the inatter of . the New Ririgwbod . Antimony Company,- 1 and Mr White appealed. His Honour' the 'Chief Justice now allowed tlie appeal, and expunged the proof of debt. \ % Tne' "Commissioner of Railways has graiited a sum ofiLlOO to the wife and children of -the late Josoph'Williairispn, a .shunter, who lost :his life iu the; discharge of his duties. , : . : Harry Bogg, a deserter from H.M;' Ship' In constant, : was -arrestedj by Doteptive ; \yard,yes- terday. ' He.was. brought bofore. the , epurt .'td- day,' and remanded for a week. ' A pliip's steward named' Frederick .Hand was sent to gaoT to-day for a week on a cliargq of impersbriating a detedtive. ; Ho .went to. a house . in Exhibition-street, and stated that lie -was an Adelaide; detective with authority to search 'the . place : for some stolen money. , When arrested lie said-;ho only did tho thing for a lark. '- ' Tlie Autuniii meeting of tho- Victoiiii; Racing Club, will bo brought to a conolusion to-inorrow. Great'iriterest is taken in the Newmarket' Han dicap, which will attract a very largo field of starters, and at present it is ;a very open race. Final payments were made on no less than forty- four. horses to-day. , Tlieir names are as follows : — Courtonay, Batliurst, Guinea, Waterloo, . 'Hes perian, Somerset, Baron von Mueller, Earpent, Santa Claus, Trevally li, Mulatto, Sir Joseph, Josephine, Surroy, Verdure, Dougalston, Tota- lisatpr, Tumult, Lohengrin, Aureola, Gunild, Hyacinth, The Ghost, Valetta, Euclid, Coreenn, Result, Viking, Wostbury, Timon, Cassiopea, The Drummer, Sweet William, Cromorne, Ven ture, Struck Oil, Constellation, Tyropean, Co- rinne, Spanish Lady, Gamocock, Cockney, Baol- heo and . Elsinore. A passonger by the steamor Rodondo, : wliioli left for Sydney oil Wednesday last, named Ed mund Staugliton, has reported the loss of 205 sovereigns. It seems that he went on board about 11 a.m., and foil to sleep prior to tho steamor starting at 1 p.m., and when lie awoko he missod his money, which was tied up in a canvas purse in one of his pockots. Tho loser is a labourer, and was on his way to Sydney in the hope of successfully putting the cash to good account. A libel action will come on for hearing on Monday next before His Honour Mr Justice Williams, and a spocial jury of twelve. The plaintiff is Mr David Gaunson, late mombor of Parliament for Ararat, and tho defondant is Mr Mortimer Franklyn, the proprietor of a weekly newspaper called tho Federal Australian. Commercial. — A quiet morning in the import and general markots, and little disposition showi; to opcrato in advance of moro trado require ments. To-day wheat is quotod at Ds 3d to 5s Cd. .A fair oxport demand for flour. Country sells at Lll 10s. Food grain active, aiid tho de mand for oats to meet tho requirements for horse feed is having a beuefioial effect on prices; salos'up to 3s 5d for stout. Now Zealand have some inquiry at 3s 7id to 3s 3d for duty paid milling samples. Peas sold at 3s 8d to 3s 8M. Bran firm at 15, jd. A largo body of good water \vas reached on Thursday at a dopth of 35ft., iu a trial shaft sunk at Avon Plains by the St. Arnaud Shiro Council. The spot whoro this timoly discovery has boon mado is Crown laud, closo to tho North Lake, which has long boon 'exhausted. Bankins' borer first touched this water about a month ago. A good shaft is to bo sunk and timbered at onco.; TIiq stoamot' Potosi, of tho Orient lino, after embarking passongors, loft tho bay at noon on Thursday for London. Tho Potosi as usual calls at Adelaide to closo up her passongor list, and take in cargo, and .will ' then procood . via tho Suez Canal to Naples, whero her mails will be landed,' Tho Potosi on this trip takes 78 saloon- apA GO second saloon passongors, Besides, 22Qi in tht\\. third qahin rind, stflcrago. . Thore.is.also, afull cargo of colonial products. . . - ',.cA ; ;; ; 