THE WANTS OF SELECTORS. A deputation of members of the S.A. Farmers' Association, accompanied by Messrs. J.H. Howe, M.P., A. Tennant, M.P., and E. Ward, M.P., and introduced by the Hon. J. Rankine, U.LC, waited on the ?V?mniis- | sioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. tUtt) on ! Fiiday inoniing, March %, to ask that the ; livverninent would private snl>- j scriptions to a fluid for the purchase of -ieeil j wheat for farmers who were in dirtre>-s I through tlie failure of their cr<?|w. j The Hun. J. 11 vMvixt^, in introducing the , de}>ut?tiuii, sahl he thought the request wai one that the liovemmeut might very fairly be expected to accinic to. They were in ths position of landlord to the selectors, and should do all they could to assist them to re main on the land and prevent great injury to the colony-. H<? felt sure that if the Govern ment acceded to the request their action would be continued by Parliament, and lie hofied they would see their way clear to do that which would prove of immense benefit to the country —of <j lite as much benefit as the grants made to corporations and district councils. Mr. J. Miller, J.P. (president of the Farmers' Association) read the. resolutions which had been passed at the annual meeting of delegates on the previous day. which were as follows :—L " Tliat a deputation wait en the Government to ask them to subsidise all : suhncripljons to the relief fund." 2. "That the funds be expended in wucat to be lent to farmers who are unable otherwise to obtain eeed, the mocey to be repaid when potvible, and retained by the aKOociatioa as a per* maaeut relief fund."' 3. "That the central committee be entrusted with the distribution and the future management of the funds." With respect to the association wjmipinj ta e money paid back for the purpose of forming a permanent fond for the relief of farmers, he might say that the association would hart no objection to return the money to the Go vernment, but as it wouk) only be wed in snt-h cases as the present be thought the Government might very w?0 leave it in the hands of the asaoetation. The matter was oneof the greatest importance to the oouutry, and he hoped the reouest would be acceded to. He was satuned that there were very few persons who would raise any objection to the Government subudking the BuUscipuons given for the purpose. Mr. Howe said he bad no hesitation ia saying that the matter was purely one for the Government, and the public ought not to ha ye been called upon at all. The Govern ment were in the position of a landlord, and should come forward and assist their tenants for their own good. He regretted that the Farmers' Association ever decided to ask the j publkJto subscribe, butnowthat this had been ; done the least the Government could do was | to subsidise the amount giren. I Mr. K. \Vaui> said he did not think that in what the Government had announced as to their intentions at the recent banquet, they had gone far enough. He approached, the matter in a friendly spirit, and he would be personally glad, as one of the members of the Legislature, if the Government would to some extent reconsider their proposals, and enlarge the offer they had made the other night. So far as the request of the deputation was concerned be did not see any reason arhy if they subsidised any private subscriptions for public purposes, they should not subsidise the subscriptions ia a case like the one before them. (Hear, bear.) Before their roads could be used they must settle the country, and surely if they subsidised snlneriptions for local improvements they might fairly sub sidise subscriptions to enable farmers to con tinue their occupation of the country, which rendered the ntads necessary. If tl>e Govern ment did not take the whole thing into their bands—and there was a good deal to be said in favor of this—it was reasonable that they should do as they were vow requested. He did not think there would be any objection raised in either branch of tike I/cgislat ore, and, if the Government subsidised the amount raised it would encourage the public to sab scribe morelibaaUy. Mr. Copley wdthedistrcssexistingaiprc sent was verygreat,aadunnkedia£eaction was neoessary, and he felt sure that if the public knew the Government were goingtosubsidise the subscriptions they would come forward more freely than at present. The machinery for the distzibution of the wheat was already in existence, and it was necessary that it should be put in operation soon, as March and April were the months in which sowing waa done in the North, where due seed whesg. sjfss refltttred. Messrs. W. Harris, D. Brinkworth, and G. Inglis (vice-president of the association) sup ported the request, and expressed a nope that the Government would take immediate action in the matter. Mr. Tbxnant endorsed what had been said, and stated that he was sure that great injury would be done to the country unless the Government gave toaoe assistance to the distressed farmers. Mr. Vessixg mentioned that machinists and others who had been engaged ia trade with the farmers had subscribed to thi. object. lie Coumissioxek said as the members o" the deputation were aware, this matter had already been before the Government, who had decided not to subsidise subscriptions, but he would place their statements before his col leagues and the matter wonld be reconsidered. He could not Cor a moment say what decision would be arrived at, but he promised then , that the whole question should be carefully considered on its merits, and they would en deavor to arrive at a just conchiaion. He would point out that the deputation only looked at one aide of the question, and he would ask if they thought it would be worth while to sow the land again, wi:h their past experience to guide them. He was bpeakiug to one selector on this subject, aud he said it was no good fitr him to sow the land he had again, and he sup posed there were many others who hesd the same view. It was the opinion of aome mem bers of the Legislature that some of the land in the Korth had been tested too much already, and that it was folly to try it any more. (So, ne; and Mr. Ward, " That's the idea of the ft!fMfei-."| The opinion of many persons wan that the six years' test was quite sufficient to prove that the kind was unsuit able for agriculture, and, therefore, that the Government should not advance money for the purchase of seed wheat. It was thought that the selectors if'they remained there another year would be in a worse position than they were at present. He did not know whether this was right altogether, but the Government had to consider this aspect of the case. He firmly believed that it was a great mistake to continue to cultivate sorns parts cf the northern country, and the sooner the land laws were amended so ?i to alter the position of some of the selectors who had got land in the wrong places, the j better it would be for them and the country j generally. He would lay all they had said | before his colleagues, and their arguments would receive careful consideration. The Hon. J. Rjlnklve said although he agreed with the Commissioner that much of the country, could not be profitably occupied by electors there were many localities in which the farmers were in need of seed wheat which were fit for agriculture, and if the men were willing to test the bmd for another year the Government should be prepared to give the snsirtance they asked. The Commissioner said he was somewhat surprised-at the small response which had Leeii made to the appeal of the association, I Air. Howe said the majority of the people ! iv the colony took the same view as himself, ? and that was that the Government was : in exactly the same position as a landlord. ! The Hon. J. KaStkivb said the public were waiting for the Government to say what they would do before they -subscriltcd to the fund. (Hear, hear.) A deputation consisting of the same gentle men, with the exception of the Hon. -imu Kankine, afterwards waited |on the Ch^eJ hecretary (Hon. J. C. Bray) for the purpose of laying before him some of the resolutions loosed by the association. Mr. E. Wi&D;, introduced the depu tation, which he said wished to direct atten tion to resolutions pas!?ed by the Farmers' Association relating to the conservation of water and the amendment of the Bush Fires Act, and also to the calling of Parliament together as early as possible to couiider what concessions i-?e giv^u to the sclcc ters in the northern agricultural districts and what means shouid lie adopted for reUcbiug their distress. The first resolution, wiiich bad been carried unanimously, was to the effected tliat a deputation should wait on the Government and ask them to spend a fair projortion of the money voted lait xes-sion for tlie conservation of water in the agricul tural districts. He thought he might venture to ?ay that it was the intention of the Parlia ment that this money should be spent in the nettled districts whore it was most required. He did not know what course had been adopted by the Government so far, but he felt sure that the Government would agree that it was desirable that a fair proportion of this money should be spent in the conser vation of water in the agricultural districts. Tlie resolutions respecting the Bush- Fires Act were as follows:—L "No fire shall be lighted for the burning of stubble, hay. gratia or straw, timber, or any rubbish till after the first day at February, uuJeu by npecial permission of the dintrict council. That the time fixed for such burning shall be between sunrise and sunset." 2. "Thatthe regulations as to dealing round stabble should remain as at present, and that persons cliould be called upon to dear a space of half iv chain round scrub." A great deal of trouble had been experienced in connection with the provisions at the present Act, and it wan felt that alterations hi the time during which stubble could be burnt, and m the regulations relating to the bumiag of stubble e?d scrub wtm new wary. ThenHmbenof the Farmers' Association were til practical mea, and tbei i" w iffhes incofmcctjon with tuismstt?r were entitled to the fullest consideration. He did not wish that the Government should understand that the association wishes Par liament to be specially called together merely to consider the two resolutions now laid j before them, but behind these two resolutions there was tlie greater subject of concessions to selectors, and he considered lie was only expressing the opinion of the association when be said they felt that if any material ccuccaeUMis were to be made to the selectors. aiid they held that such were necessary, they should be given at once. The fact that the Government liad promised t-ertain conces sions was not sufficient, au<l if tlie ass'.;r:i:it— wa-? not absolutely Riven that ihesf e?m'cs?ious would be .iiade the faxni.Ts would not lie able 10 f,vt ilie credit they required to allow of their carrying ?n i their operation* for the remainder of rh-_> |:re sent season. He nrged that in order to Ijc j effective the 1-onerssions slioul-l be jriwii without delay. (Uear, hear.) _ I'ulovs the | concessions necessary were I<:!'t>iv the seed time they would be too laic 1o have any lieneticial effect this year. Tue tw.j questions to be first considered were —' ? Wiiat actual concessions will be given to the selec tors V and "To what extent they will lie assisted in resi>oct to obtaining seed wheat f If all doubt were removed and it was abso lutely known that material concessions would be piveii to selectors who had been unfor tunate daring the last three seasons, their creditors would enable them to carry on, but while uncertainty existed on tlie ques tion the storekeepers would sot give | them any further credit. With reference to i the necessity of providing seed wheat there i was no doubt whatever. There were nun- ! !h rs of selectors who had not the moans of ! procuring seed wheat with which to crop their land during -the present 'year, and j unless none ?s6H**nee given U> these men their ..<t would remain unsown and they would ultimately be unable to pay the Government, whereas if they hada-ssi>-tr<nec they would have mother chance. .->j fxras , the calling of Parliament together he pointed ? out tliat the Government had a prece dent, for their predecessors had very cheerfully summoned a special session j of Parliament for the purpose of im posing additional taxation. He would say candidly that he had not been recognised as one of the supporters of the Government * during' the past session, but he believed that I if they recognised the necessities of the case and convened a special session of Parliament, so far from any opponent of theirs taking the slightest advantage of the opportunity for embarrassing them, the Government would have their assistance and would gain the in creased respect of the residents of the country. He could say that on his own behalf, and he thought he could speak on behalf of other members of the Opposition. Mr. Milxeb said the resolutions which had been presented were plain, and the associa tion felt that the necessity existed for doing all that they suggested. He hoped the Go vernment would recognise the importance of giving the farmers a fair share of tlie money voted for the conservation of water, and he represented that the selectors in some of the outlying hundreds were in a very bad plight in consequence of the scarcity of water. He would mention in reference to what Mr. Ward had said that the association did not expect tlio Government to wait until they called Parliament together before deciding as to the subsidy of private ?ntHcrintn>iis for seed wheat, as, it the distribution of the seed was delayed much lougcr it would not be of any use at all. He hoped the Government would conic to a decidou at once, as people were waiting for the result before they subscribed. He felt sure the matter would only be a very trifling one for the Government if they consented to the re quest for the subsidy. Mr. A. Texvavt, urged the neces sity of immediate action for the relief or" the farmers. Mr. J. H, Howe, said he did not consider it would be of any use to cull Parii nient together earlier than usual to consider the question of the conservation of water, and doubted whether it would do any good if the Parliament at once considered the land laws. He thought the Government had erred in not acting as a good landlord wonld have done, and all that was wanted at present was that they should tell them they would subsi dise subscriptions for the purpose of obtain ing seed wheat. Mr. Stock, of Kureiia,sa?d the hundred he was in was * very dry one, and that a. water supply waf urgently needed. He had spent a considerable sum of money in trying to obtain water by sinking, and his neighbors had done the same, and he expressed himself as willing to pay the expense of boring a well if the Government would supply the Machinery. , Mr. McHaetct, of Beautiful Valley, said be had known one farmer who had been carting water for seven months a distance of ?J miles, and a great deal of the present distress had arisen from the scarcity of water and the fact tliat the selectors had to employ their stock in carting water instead of using them in working their land. Many of the dams were dry, and most of the attempts to obtain water had been unsuccessful. He was glad, however, to say that in the district to the west of yvuiochra the selectors had struck good water in several places at about tW feet. Mr. yzsrsistt said with reference to the Bush Fires Act, he wonld like to say ?h*t the fines now imposed were rather heavy, and the magistrates had not suiiuieut liberty of action in tlie way of reducing tlioav. A-> to the water question, he might mention that some persons had w> iart wiaser for 25 miles from Crystal Brook, and had to pay Ss. or 10 per 1,000 gallons for it. He considered that the water should be given away, and not sold as at present. As au instance of the dis advantages under which the farmers labored, he mentioned the ca-?e of a farmer in the Hundred of Barunga, who had a team of live horses carting water for three months, and was unable to properly work liis selection iv consequence of this demand on his stu.k. He contended that it was necessary to call Parliament together specially, in order to let the selectors know it they could hope to continue working their seleirtiona. Air. \Vaiu> said he did not wish to Ijc mis understood. If there were no other matters than those laid before the Ciiief .-secretary to be considered he admitted that there would be no necessity to call Parliament together earlier than usual, but the Government had disclosed to what length they would go in reference to meeting the ueces-sties of the selectors, and something more was wanted. If the Government would agree on their own responsibility to subsidise the subscriptions for seed wheat, and if they would go some what further than they had done to meet the views of the association respecting the con cessions which {should be made to selectors there would be no necessity for calling Par liament together, and this step would only be necessary if the Government would not go any further. The Chikf Sk<ketaet said there would be no difficulty with regard to the question of expending a fair portion of die money voted for the conservation ?£ water in the agricul tural areas. As far as bis political expe rience went the House of Assembly had never more willingly voted any money than they had voted the amount set aside for ex penditure in the conservation of water. A lew years ago he believed there would have been very great difficulty iv inducing them to do such a thing; but now it was recognised that it was of tlie ttrst importance to the settlers and to the colony as a whole that water should be conserved throughout the country, ami lie did not hesitate to say that if Uie funds at tlie disposal of tlie Government were not sufficient the Parliament would make an additional vote. (Hear, hear.) He would say at once that whatever"amount was necessary niast be K]>ent in the agricultural districts, and there was iio idea of apportioning a certain amount to each place. iHear, hear.) If they showed the necessity for it, and the money could be expended for the benefit of the district and not any particular individual, the Parliament would readily endorse any action of the Government in the direction of meeting their wants. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Bush Fires Act ami the regulations for >.tubble burning, there was no doubt that the Act would- have to be altared. Since he had liccn in office he liad had several requests that the regulations ?nif;l>t be relaxed mi'ler tritain condition*, and lie believed that in almost all cases the wishes of il.(-<\- ulo had applied had liccn met. it u;:s far better that the law sho'ild 5? <!< i;inte, and that there should be no neces sity for there applications, but as these appli catiou" had been granted there was no need for the meeting of Parliament before the v.Mial time to consider this matter. With regard (o the question of calling Parliament loMther, with which was bound up more particularly the subjects of subsidising the muncy given for so<-d wheat, and the conces sions to be given to farmers, he would point out tliat when the request in respect to the si>b*iiiy was first made the Government understood that they were asked to supply the -erd wheat, and they at once felt that tlwy rould not do that. They had, howevpr, mow been the <V>mtni-*fioner of Crown Lands, and requested that the subscriptions should lie subsidised, and he had promised lo rcconfcidcr the matter. He could not say any more on that {mint as he had not yet conferred with the Commissioner, but in the course of a day or two the decision of the (ioverraaent wonld be made known. Referring to the Parliament having been called together for a special session formerly, he wouWpoint out that there was no analogy between the cmnmtances which preceded that special smaen mnd the present awe. The Government had in the instance referred to entered into an agreement with the neigh boting colony to *? tint which the law did pot enable ttoew ?o do, aad tfrey -were **- solutery bound to call Parhannsit together in order to carry out this agreement, as otherwne they would have bad to acknow ledge that they had entered into an arranpemrnt and could not carry it oat. He was t-urc that it would not be of the slightest use to call Parliament together until some definite scheme had been arrived at. He, on behalf <>f the Government, made a suggestion at the fanners' dinner, aud although they were to!d this ?uM not po far rnough, he had not r?v<i'. eJ uiiyotbcial commuuicaiion on the t-iil.jcct from the Farmers' Association. Ho would tell them this, tliat if they wanted to lie Mip]torted by the public tl.ey jtnift not a-Jt for a general schem?, Mich as lliey had Miggnste-I m iv<i>e_-t to ?ll iiit<iT-st being coii-idcrel a-s pun *.! t??c }'iircUase-nu??y. They aagiit feel a--uivd that llie Pailianieut would iwujrw to this and iliat they would not have their wi-ln-s in this .lint;ion grautetL Tlje Par liami-nt. would say they nv>uld l>c libersil to those who had suffered, but. they would not wife on"all th?-iuterr^t which >hou!d be paid ly tbuse w^io had fair crops. They had a ri^ht to suggest that iv future uo nicoixjst should be l>aiil, and it would be fail' to uiove in this direction if thought desirable; Imt he was satisfied that the Parliament would not be willing to wipe out the interest for all alike. He knew Hot some of tbe selectors bed suffered vary much; but others had done fairly, and they could not ask to have the concessions suggested made to them. If they <!id not approve of the scheme suggested by the Government, they should suggest some thing themselves that would be likely to meet with support for helping those who most needed help, and uot for making concessions all round. Tlie people outside, and the press to a certain extent, said the Parliament should give those most who suffered most, and not tnat all alike. Tbe Government wove prepared to treat, them in the same way as a liberal landlord. They said that in those cases where fanners had made nothing they wonld wipe off their interest or rent; and those wbo bad made a little should haw slighter conceasiona,?nd co on. He did ask them to believe, aud he was satisfied he wn expressing the feelings of the people and tlie Parliament when he said it, that they uoi.M not agree to treat the selectors a!l alike wb<<tlier tin-y needed the ciMice*=ions or not: and he ask?l them to at least make a su? gpstiou thai would give nio-st to those who needed inosrU There was no use in calling Parliament together at oner, for the <?overn ment would be submitting a scheme that the farmers did not approve of. No (government would dream of vailing Parliament together unless tliey wanted Parliament to adopt some scheme that was already agreed on; and as it was at present the farmers did not agree with the Government proposal, and the Government and public did not agree v ith that made by the farmers, and he hoped they would consider the Government pro|ioaal aud moderate their demands as much as possible. There was no doubt, a great deal of distress in the North, and it was tlie duty of the Government to support those men who requii?d assistance, but it was not tlie duty of the Government (and he liehcved they wonld be blamed if they did so) to adopt the suggestion that was made for the alteration of the conditions of the agreement iwlwecn themselves and the selectors who were well able lo carry ouc the conditions they had entered into. It might be that intercut should never have been charged, Imt v.'ica the laud was offered one of the con?litio?js was that interest should lie isud, anil if they could fairly carry out this cciulitiou they should not ask the Govern ment to aIU-r iv Any proposals made to the Gbveiiimcat would" he carefully oousiderod, acil as far ac they believed tiieni to be fox the brnelit of the public and the fanners they would be cheerfully accorded to. If they could not agree to the Government proposal lie hoped they would adopt s >me scheme of a similar character which would incct with favor in Parliament. Mr. MILLER said as to the a^socia.tion having recommended a remission of interest for the last three years, altogether rc gardk-?s of the returns gained by the selectors, he quite admitted that there were ¥ome farmers who were not in need of such a concession now. Tlie association recognised that, and he believed very few of the dele gates present would like to present claims for relief, but they felt that farmiiijr as a whole had been altogether unprofitable to those engaged in it. (Hear, hear.)' He had not been able to pet out cf his hind what he had paid to the tjovcrnment, although he had worked very hard, and teeing that the whole business had been so tuiiirotitablcthey thought some concession should be made to them. He believed the revenue would be benefited by the adoption of the suggestions they had . made, aud he trusted it would be carried into effect. He would recommend the association to consider the Chief Secretary's advice, bat he was afraid they would not be able to alter their decision during their present meeting a^ most of the delegates had left town. 