THE WANGARATTA RACES. One of the features of the county town races in Emgland or Ireland is the num ber of well-to-do farmers from the Bur- ronnding districts who make it a plea sure, as well as a business, to attend. In that respect, Yictorian farmers differ from their progenitors at home. Take Wangaratta, for instance. There was a time when the race-meetings at that place were not only attended by the general public,' but the agricultural in- terest was always strongly representea. Of late years, however, although Wanga ratta is the centre of one of the most flourishing agricultural and horse- breed ing districts in the colony, the farmers hi ve been chiefly noticeable by their absence. People have endeavored to account for this in various ways ; but the most reasonable explanation perhaps is that, until last year, the meeting was held before the harvest was half over, and farmers absolntely could not attend. No doubt, they had not this excuse at the last meetiug, but they had become accustomed to absent themselveB, and it takes some little time to get rid of a bad habit. It may also be said that plough ing commenced early in 1881,- and they had ' this further inducement to keep them at home. Neither reason will avail them this year. They have had ample notice of the date, which was made especially in consideration ef their convenience; and as to the ploughing, unfortunately, there has scarcely been a furrow turned from the head of the King to Yarrawonga. It is, therefore, to be hoped they will put in a strong appear ance at the meeting on Wednesday next, the 1st March. We think it may fairly be promised, on behalf of the clnb, that f hoBe present that day will not want for sport. The programme, is an excellent one in all respects : It is extremely liberal, : considering the times, no less tban £235 being given away in prizes, and it is so drawn np as to suit racing men as well as the public. The dis tances are not too long for the horses, but long enongh to give full interest to spectators. In order to gratify the latter, by giving them a start as well as a finish, there is only one race — the Flying Stakes — under a mile. With that exception, therefore, the horses in every race either start at the grand-stand or pass it twice. In the Hurdle Race the horseB take two jumps, besides, of course, finishing at the stand, so that we shall all have more than the worth of our money. As most of oar readers are aware, the course is so situated as to afford a view of the horses from the time the flag drops till the last stride opposite the judge's box. The ground has been cleaned up, and the the running placed in as good order as the late trying weather will permit. As to the arrangements for the public ac commodation, the names of the officers are a sufficient guarantee that they will be thoroughly attended to. By the way, the name of one person has been, re gretfully no donbt, allowed to remain in the list, which will appear there no mere, but whose presence will be miesed for many a long day amoDgst the genuine racing men of these districts. Wangaratta, how ever, has been always exceptionally lucky in having a number of gentlemen who thoroughly understand racing matters, and happily Borne of them still remain to keep np the prestige of the premier club of the north-east. As people go to race only for purposes of sport, bat in order t<> «njov uiein-;eives in every raws >nable shape, we mut not forget the provision which has been made to supply the inner man. Mrs Kett has purchased the whole of ibo booths, and as she hears the reputation of being one of the bast up country caterers in the colony, visitors may rest sa'.i-fied than they will be properly and comfortably provided for in this respect. Six horses have accented lor the Handicap, and there is reason to believe that five will face the hurdles. Those are exactly the numbers 'ha' afford most interest to the public. Every horse is identified in his preliminary c inter, and can bo followed in the various changes throughout the contest; whereas if there be a large field, it is all a jam ale to the uninitiated. Given a fiue day, which, according to ' fn present appearances we uiuy anticipate, and there is certain to be a most enjoyable day's sport at Wangaratta on Wednesday. I.O.R. — The celebration of the anniver sary of the Juvenile Tent connected with the Independent Order of Rechabites at Beechworth took place on Friday. A picnic was most successfully held at Baarmutha Park during the day, a pro gramme of athletic sports being carried out by the boys, who thoroughly enjoyed their day's outing. At six o'clock they were inarched to the Oddfellows' Hall, where an excellent tea, catered for by Mr J. P. Dalton, was laid out, and which was partaken of by some 170 persons. After the tables had been cleared, a well at tended public meeting, presided over by the Ilev. M. Bradney, was held. Good !.Hrlri.ocu= nnmv»nriat.tt to tho occasion wete delivered by the chairman, Messrs In gram, Ward and Johnson and the Rev. J. G. Mackie ; and selections of good music, provided by Miss Ellen Burke (pianoforte), MrD. Palmer (cornet) and Mr H. Jarvis (violin), and dialogues and recita tions creditably delivered oy a number of youthful members of the Tent, tended to increase the enjoyment of the evening. Mr T. C. Morris, the superintendent, ex plained matters connected with the work ing of the Tent, and stated that there had been during the past year a slight increase in the number of members. The presentation of two handsome volumes was made by the chairman to the two Brothers Clark — to the one for induc ing the largest number of boys to join the Order, and to the other for best at tendance and behaviour during the year. At the termination of the meeting the chairman remarked that it was the most successful anniversary ever held under the auspices of the Tent. The proceed- ings were closed by the rendering of the National Anthem. Beechworth Stock and Share Market. — Mr A. W. Foster reports for the week ending Friday, 24th February : Federal Bank — Sales, at 22s ; closing sellers, 22s ; bnyers, 21s 6d, 21s 9d. Sydney and County Bank — Sellers, 63s. Monte Piete Loan and Discount Com pany — Sellers, 5s 6d. United Australian Fire Insurance Company — Sellers, 3s ; buyers, 2s 9d. Beechworth Gas Com pany — Sellers, S5s. Rocky Mountain — Sales, at 20s ; closing with a good demand at 193 6d. Wild Horse — Sellers, 2s 6d. Topaz — Sellers, 10s. Cricket. — This afternoon the Beech worth and Everton Cricket Clubs will meet to try conclusions on the former's ground. The wickets will be pitched at 12 o'clock sharp, and we hope to see a numerous attendance of spectators. Beechworth will be represented by — Barbour, Billson, Brett, Swan, Fynn, Goidsworthy, Jones, Ryan, Dobbyn, Wharton and Whitehead ; emergencies, Mclntyre,'. Arundel and Poole. Mr F. Vola will oof na iimriirp nnrl Maafftr "R. Fcx as scorer. Fire. — On Wednesday last the dwelling- house and dairy belonging to Mr Morrison, farmer, of the Yellow Creek, near Everton, were destroyed by fire, which is supposed to have originated through the servaut- girl having piled too much wood in the fireplace and causing the flame therefrom to communicate with the building, which, owing to the dryness of the season and the inflammability of the material, was speedily reduced to ashes. The loss to Mr Morrison is a serious one, but would have been., much greater if the fire had communicated with the stacks, which it was fortunately prevented from doing. The Police Commission. — At the Cabinet meeting fixed for Monday next some decisive action is to be announced by the Government relative to the recom mendations contained in the report sub mitted by the Police Commission, states the "Age." Before the close of last session the' Premier informed the House that it was . not the intention of the Go vernment to take any action on the report until Parliament had gone into recess. Nearly two months have elapsed since this statement was made, and yet no publicity has been given to the decision arrived at by Ministers. The report has, however, Deen iuiiy considered Dy me government, and an agreement arrived at on two im portant points. These are that the re commendations of the Police Commission respecting the retirement of Superinten- tendents Nicolson and Hare, on fall pay, be in effect carried out, but they will not be called upon to relinquish their connec tion with the civil service of the colony. Both officers are to be appointed police magistrates. Beechworth Philharmonic Society. — Another . ofjthose pleasant " member'a nights" will be given on Monday next. The cardB of admittance, which are limited, are obtainable of the members only ; .and no one is admitted without the requisite invitation. A Pottery for Beechworth. — In/a communication appearing in another column Mr James Plumridge, of the Pioneer Pottery Works, Ballarat, answers decidedly in the affirmative the question asked by us in a leading article in our last issue, as to whether Beechworth is to have: a pottery. Mr Plumridge being a practi cable potter, his opinion will be read with lUbCiCab 17 jr All WUU A1AVU tliU VT ClidlC U1 HID town at heart, especially by those who favor the idea of the establishment with out further delay of the proposed new in dustry ; and therefore we hope to see in the course of the next few months, a .pottery in full work in connection with the. town. Wodonga Shire Council.— The regular meeting of this body on, Thursday, for the' want of a quorum, was adjpurned fbt' a week. Thb Tobacco Crop. — A Correspondent of the " Albury Banner," writiqg with re-, ference to the tobbace crops in the dis tricts on the Yictorian border, says : — , " For the information of those interested, I may state that I know that three-fourths have failed on the King and Ovens Rivers;) and all are reported to me as failures on the Murray— the chief tobacco-preducing lands of Yictoria. It is only fair that holders should know this, because stocks are now very low, and prices next season must rale very high." Rethekglen Shire Council. — A num ber of important roadworks in connection with this body, tenders for which will be received until Saturday, 4th March, are advertised in another column. Auction Sales.— The following sales by auction, are advertised by Messrs J. H. / Gray and Co. At Beechworth, on Wed nesday, the usual fortnightly cattle sale and sale ef Keane's paddock of 262a situate at Bowman's Forest, and of Mr A. Ladson's brick house in High-street, Beechworth ; at Tallangatta, on Friday, 3rd March, in the intestate estate of John Black, 163 acres of land on Tallan gatta Creek, with stock, &c.; Yictoria v England.— The return cricket match between an eleven repre senting Yictoria and Shaw.s team of pro fessionals was commenced on the Mel bourne Cricket-ground on. Friday. The /.antain (Rlackham) liavine won the toss, sent his men to the wickets, and they had succeeded, when time was called, in putting together the fine score of 209 runs for the loss of eight wickets ; Slight being top scorer, with 36, all the others, withthe exception of Palmer (c Pilling, b Shaw) and Cooper (not out), getting into double figures. Particulars regarding the match will be found in a telegram appear ing elsewhere. Oxley Mem. — Our correspondent writes : Cool breezes from the south, changing to cool and moist from south west, on Thursday gave indications of a break in the long-continued drought. The prophets who, allured by those indications, prophesied according to their wishes, found their predictions falsified by the fact that the drought continued, and the few clouds that gathered over the smoke-laden atmosphere passed away to the east and vanished, carrying to other more favored snots the moisture with which they were laden. The rain is much wanted. The grass contains but little succulent juice, and cattle, horses and sheep suffer dete- terioration. accordingly. The drought prevents not the lovers of racing from preparing their programmes for various country meetings. Wangaratta and Whorouly are advertised. Beechworth is stirring up the adherents of racing so as to have a meeting, and Oxley is also determined to have a meeting of its own. It is to be hoped that, both at Beechworth and Oxley, those interesting themselves in providing sport for the masses may be strongly supported, and that good programmes may be pro vided. A pleasant trait of character came under my notice yesterday. Children at tending the Tea Garden Creek Sunday- school have prizes given to them every Christmas Day. The money to procure them is subscribed by the parents of children and friends of Sunday-schools. When, owing to a tightness of the money market, money is not immediately avail able, Mr H. Jeffrey provides the books and other prizes, and distributes them on the appointed day ; so that the young folk should not be disappointed. After harvest has been ingathered and partly disposed of, some matrons well known take round a subscription-list, and I believe it rarely happens that the gentle man who so kindly supplies the prizes, in the first instance, is left out of pocket. The subscription-list seemed well filled when " your own" saw it yesterday, and he hopes that a surplus may remain to be carried to next year's account for supply ing the schoolchildren with fitting prizes. The bush-fires continue to rage on the hills, and though the valleys of the Black Range, also through the foot-hills lea ing to the plains. The inhabitants have been at work for weeks guarding their home steads. Miles of fences have been de stroyed, and hundred of thousands of acres of grass burned. The cattle are much distressed ; and unless rain falls quickly, the greater number will perish daring the next winter, as few farmers have provided feed- for the winter months. An Easter Race-Meeting. — At a public meeting held in the Town Hall, Beech worth, on Friday evening, it was decided to hold " a race-meeting- en Baarmutha Park on Easter Monday, and with that object a club was formed, and an influen tial committee appointed to make the ne cessary arrangements. Mr J. G. Orr was appointed hon. secretary, pro tem. A number of weighty arguments were ad vanced by Mr Urr and other speakers why the Beechworth races, in former years re garded throughout the district as an in stitution, should not bo resuscitated, in which the meeting unanimously con curred. The movement having been initiated and taken up in an enthusiastic spirit by the leading .- townspeople, there can b:e nq doubt as to the success of the meet.. Scarcity of Water at State-schools. — We (" Corowa Free Press") are in formed the water tanks provided -by the department for the use of Victorian' State- schools have long since been dry, and that, in consequence, many cases of hard ship occur amongst the children attend ing school in country districts. This is a matter which comes under the attention of Boards of Advice, and immediate steps should be taken to remedy the evil. A. . Warning.1 — At the Exchange Theatre, Albury, on . Wednesday night, during the performance of the;rLynch Bellringers, an alarm -of fire was ; raised, and the scene which' followed will convey some idea of what -wpuld occur if .a. fire really teok place; Ad it- -fortunately hapr pened, there was no (jause for alarm, the cry of " Fire" having been, called forth merely by a chimney, the flames-of which were agon extinguished. The. rush, -which took place to the narrow doors, was,, how ever, something to ' be remembered, and proves that if. ever a fire does .take place, when the house is crowded, :. and before proper meanB;qf .exit are provided, a repe tition of the Ring Theatre disaster on a1 small scale may bp confidently looked for ward to. — " Bander. '(> /. ; - -» , : ../.. CHEAipi Printing. — PrmlShg"m/N.atal is going to the. bad.' ' A 'iifiw/firm (have just started Y their object seems to be to cut every one, id0 wn fn" priie, find Y.uiri : them selves.., Work, that every 'prihter in. Natal has been doing for £2 5s, the new firm is charging £1, and giving 5 , per 'cent. "dis count for cash., o Where, is .- ithe-vprofit ? This cannot' laSt long. ':''7 . Pv i-v- ift, iar P.atw. — .'A nravhr .rhpfit.ihor'- for rain waafiplii at Bathurst on Wednes day night, and .Was largely . attended., The Anglican bishop presided, and a number of Protestant-clergyman took part .in the s,e'r'vi'(;e. .1 ;'- .. .W-XHGUNY'i'H Race gliriii— at ' meet ring of the steWaids" heMTasfc' Wednesday: 'night, at Ump(v Hotel,"' Wpih-: gunyah, MrrfijuneaScottin the chair, and there being present the following stewards : LLMessra Beard, Ford, Moras, Cams, Wbrthingtbn,: Leslie, Chilton and Nugent, it was resolved to procure hurdles fefi.thja. meeting1 ihstead of the ordinary skplMg-1 jiiaa>s generally used, and it having -been nveafpned that tKe' CertJwa-Show )Cflrin- , jnit$€ip fifid agreedi-to place tjie/iiuqiljas-rea, quiijed. at the 'disposal ofi the ste wards — the opr/iii thankfully, acceptefi. .•/'fen ders for"'tnfei clearing of the cqsrtejifi'pre. openedv..an<| thatrof Mr;;Hry.;)foqk«aiii was finally, accepted. This concluded the business, and the meeting adiourned. — " NewB." The Third Beechworth Building Society. — A preliminary meeting, for the purpose of enrolling members and ap pointing a provisional committee in con nection with the Third Beechworth and Ovens District Beneht Building ana in vestment Society, was held in St. George's Hall, Camp-street, Beechworth on Thursday, evening. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. Inspector A. Brooke Smith.— Mr A. Brooke Smith, inspector of police, has been confined to his bed for the last few days, suffering from very severe illness. He has been attended by Dr3 Moloney, Ford and Youl, but his condition is such as to cause the gravest apprehension to his friends. Up to a late hour on Thursday night (we learn from the "Age") there was no appearance of any improvement, and the patient was in an exceedingly critical condition. The Wodonga Shire Election. — Messrs W. L. Ferrier and W. C. McFar- lane have been nominated as candidates for the vacant seat in the Wodonga Shire Council. Traffic Return. — 72S bags of wheat and eight tons of fruit were forwarded from the Rutherglen railway-station dur ing the week ending the 23rd inst. Aleuky Stock Report. — Messrs Chas. L. Griffith and Co. report : — We held our usual fortnigtly sale at our Albury yards on Wednesday last, at which we had a large attendance of buyers, and succeeded in effecting a complete clearance. Cattle. — About 700 head yarded, the larger pro portion of which consisted of stores of every description. For the better class of stores competition was brisk, and con sidering the very unsatisfactory state I of the season, good prices were realised. About 1UU neaa or rat cattle were yaraea, consisting principally of medium and inferior quality (nothing prime in), best pens of cows fetching up to £4 17s 6d., light bullocks to £5 10s. We sold drafts for Messrs Reginald Dowling, of Forbes, Geo. Lintott, John Harding, Andrew Hore, J O. Molouy, Carl Singe, Crisp, Robert Hamilton, John Hore, John M'Leunan, M'Calla, and others. Sheep. — About 600 yarded. We sold fat wethers at 8s., ewes 5s 6d., stores at current rates — for Mr C. Hall and others. Horses. — About 10 offered, the majority of which were not sold, owing to owners' reserves. Our next sale will be held on Wednesday, Sth March. Tiie Wangaratta Race-meeting. — The following acceptances for the Wan garatta Handicap were posted at Mrs Kett's Albion Hotel, on Wednesday night : — Jack of Clubs, Mameluke, Moun tain Rose, Kaiser, Junius and Star of the Melbourne Stock Markets. — Mr John G. Dougharty reports : — Fat Cattle. — I sold 30 bullocks and cows for Mr A. M'Combe, Allen's Flat, bullocks £7 17s 6d, cows £4 17s 6d ; 10 bullocks for Mr R. Milne, Whorouly, to £7 os ; also other lots. Mr George Dougharty reports : — Fat Cattle. — I sold 3S bullocks and cows from Tintaldra, and 16 from Wodonga, at prices ranging up to £9 10s for bullocks, and £6 7s 6cl for cows. In the horse market, fresh draughts, Indian and omni bus, command as usual free competition from buyers. Country supplies continue light in numbers, but generally good marketable animals, and satisfactory aver ages were realised. Sales have com prised : — Buggy and carriage pairs, £42 to £80 ; superior gentleman's hackney and buggy horses, £24 to £42 10s ; ordinary hacks and harness sorts, £8 to £14 ; draughts sold according to class, from £21 to £42 ; country horses averaged £7 5s, £14 4s, £18 5s, and £29 15s per head each lot respectively. The Albury Yineyards. —The vines generally throughout the district show very uuiAiiautt.ciuiy i»ne tjucuw ui oue luug- continued drought. Still, however, the berries are not so small as might have been anticipated, and at the Murray Yalley especially they look wonderfully well considering the season. In the smaller vineyards the damage done seems to have been more severe, and there is no doubt that a timely fall of rain would have increased the quantity of the yield by fully one-fourth, without in the slightest degree reducing the quality of the must. In one particular vineyard which last year gave 400 gallons, the yield this season is less than 100 ; and the loss by the drought at the Murray Yalley, which has suffered less than most, is calculated to represent fully 5000 gallons. The process of champagne-making requiring an early vintage, the picking of grapes at the Murray Valley Vineyard began on Mon day last, states the "Banner;" but the vintage for general winemaking purposes will not commence for another fortnight. Church of England, Myrtleford. — A meeting of the members of St. Paul's Church of England, Myrtleford, was held on Monday evening, presided over by Rev. E. G. Yeal. The attendance was small," owing to several of those who wished to be present being otherwise en gaged. The annual financial statement was read, and found to be satisfactory, so far as the meeting of current expenditure is concerned, and equal to previous years. The members of the old committee were re-elected, excepting Messrs Finney and Crosthwaite (who have left the neigh bourhood), with the addition of Messrs Howard, J. Clancy and Kelly. It was agreed to invite the assistance of the ladies in the collection of the quarterly contributions towards the stipend, and hppes were expressed that their efforts would meet with success. Attention was drawn to the unfinished state of the build ing, and it was suggested that efforts to line the ceiling might be made during the current year. A cordial vote of thanks was passed, acknowledging the kindness of Mrs.Cundy in playing the harmonium for the services, and the meeting closed. — ".Alpine Observer." Beechworth Police Court, -r- On Thursday, before Messrs Turner and Dodd', J.P.'s, Mary Binion was charged with being drunk and disorderly. As she had only come out of gaol the day previous, she was discharged. W. . Jacobs v H. Ruxton : Claim £1 6s, goods sold. No appearance of defendant. Personal ser vice was proved, and an order for the amount, with 5s costs, made. .. The Bethanga Road.— A deputation from the Wodonga Shire Council; intro- .duced by the Hon. G. B. Kerferd and Mr- P.: B. .Wallace, M.L. A; 's, waited- on- the ..Commissioner of Public Works on Wed nesday to ask for an additional grant towards the completion of the Bethanga- road through the Kiewa ;Yalley. It was stated by the depu,tatiQn that the plans of the road were submitted and approved of by the department/ and £4786 had already been expended, of which sum £2000 Mas 'contributed by the Government. - It was estimated that to complete the work £2200 more would be required. Without the completion of the road selectors on the Upper Murray would be' unable to avail themselves of the Wodonga railway sta tion. Mr Young requested the council to make its 'application hi Writing, and pro mised to favorably consider it. Danger to Domestic Servants.— The " Herald" records that on Tuesday night a curious case of heat apoplexy occurred at Prahran, the particulars of which should afford a warnins to domestic ser- vants of the dangers they unknowingly run whilst engaged in the performance of their duties. At eight o'clock a girl named Lizzy Thurland was found lying in a perfectly insensible state in Chapel- street, Prahran ; and on being taken to the hospital the resident medical officer stated that the girl was in imminent danger, and at 10 p.m. she had not recovered consciousness. Subsequent in quiries elicited that Miss Thurland had recently arrived from Warrnambool, and was employed as servant to a family living in Grosvenor- street. During the greater part of Monday the girl had been engaged ironing, in a small and extremely hot kitchen. This circumstance, coupled with the heat of the weather and a weak con stitution, had, in the opinion of the medical gentlemen, operated to produce the attack ef apoplexy. This case forcibly shows the necessity of persons, especially those residing in small houses, giving careful attention to the health and comfort of their servants. An industrious girl, as in the present case, may overwork herself to the risk of her life. The public must remember that heat; apoplexy, other wise sunstroke, will occur in the kitchen, as well as in the open field. Charitable. — A meeting to consider the best means of raising a fund for the relief of the widow and family of the late Wm. Boyle, who was accidentally killed in the Reform quartz mine on the 3rd inst. , was held on Saturday evening, 18th inst., when a working committee was formed, consisting of the following gentle men : — Messrs William Nuttall, chairman, T. Mc Henry, J. McFadyen, Jno. Rees, M. Costello, T. Power, Wm. Cadzow, sent., and the Rev. M. O'Connor. Expressions of thanks were tendered to Mr R. Warren, proprietor of "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser," for his kindness in printing lists and in publishing and opening a subscription-list in that journal free of charge. The list appears in another column. Mr Ward at Myrtleford. — Mr Wm. Ward held a very successful meeting at the Athenieum Hall, Myrtleford, on Saturday last, to give an acceunt of his stewardship in the past, and also to seek the suffrages of the electors in the Alining Board election. Mr Nuttall, the chair man, in introducing the candidate, stated that Mr Ward was a man worthy of any constituency, from his ability, honesty and integrity, aud that he came before them from his seat in the board-room with nineteen years of honest servitude to his credit. Mr Ward's speech, which lasted about an hour, was listened to with great attention, ancl had the effect of gaining mm me commence oj. ms listeners. .o.b the dose of the meeting Mr Ward was proposed as a fit and proper person to represent the miners of the division ; and a show of hauds resulted in a unani mous vote. After the usual vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting broke up. Australia in the Cricket Field. — The two matches between Australia, as re presented by a combined team, and Eng. land, as very ably represented by Shaw's professional team, have both resulted favorably to the colonies. The first match played in Melbourne was a draw in our favor, and the match which terminated on Tuesday a victory with five wickets to spare. Remembering what an excellent team Mr Shaw has brought out, young Australia has reason, remarks the " World," to congratulate itself ; and its " wicket world" has now a further incen tive to strive for that supremacy in sport which Australia should attain. The Mining Board Election.— The election of three members of the Beech worth Mining Board, to represent tiie Beechworth, Buckland and Goulburn divi- sions, takes place to-day. Mr Daniel Mongan has been returned unop posed for the representation of the Yackandandah division. In the Beech worth division the contest lies between Mr William Ward, the retiring member, and Mr Patrick Hannan, who seeks the suffrages of the miners for the first time. The former gentleman has oc cupied a seat at the Board for the past nineteen years, and being' conversant with the requirements of the district, and not having during his term of office done anything to forfeit the confidence of his constituents, it is confidently, expected by his friends that he will be re- elected. Mr Hannan, although at present occupying the position of proprietor of the Shamrock Hotel, Beechwortn, lays claim to the sup port of the mining community from the fact that he has had twenty years' experince as a miher in various parts of the district, and is therefore in a position, being a gentleman of intelligence and energy, to properly represent : the interests of the miners, who will no doubt experience some difficulty in making their final choice. It is anticipated;. -that the polling will be the heaviest.- that : lias ever taken place in the division, as -considerable interest is being evinced by; the supporters of both candidates in the result — over 150 innwn' MrrKAa homnff ' naau fo Lnn /\nf in iUlliClO lUJUKa JiaimgLua uaauu vuu:«u Beechworth during the p'asti week. The following aire the polling-places, together, with the deputy return iiig- officers Beechworth— Mining Board-room, .Mr A. Alderdice ; El Dorado— Court- house, Mr H. Walker ; Hurdle Flat-A-State-school, Mr H. Robinson ; Myrtleford— Athen- mum, Mr M. Costello; Stanley— -Court- house, Mr Jas. Crawford, J.P. Stony Creek — Miiller's hotel, Mr C. G. Thomp son ; Three Mile — Ellen's Hotel, Mr J J.: Arundel; Waterloo (Barwidgee Creek)— State-school, Mr J. Willey ; Woolshed— State-school, Mr C. O'Donoghue. In; the Buckland division, Mr Wmv Radcliffe, who seeks re-election, is opposed by Mr Albert Durer Weston," of Porepunkah, who has- on several previous occasions un successfully sought a seat at. the board. From what we hear, the support of the mining constituency will be pretty evenly divided between the' candidates. The pol ling-places are — The Court-house, Bright ; Court-house, Buckland ; State- school, Upper Buckland; State-school, Freer burgh ; State-school, Growler's Greek (Wandiligong) ; Wraith's store, : Harriet- ville : Public Hall. . Poreminkah :: and State-school, Running Creek; The; candi dates for the representation of the- .Goul burn division are Messrs J. H. . Sloan (the. retiring member), i W. H. Curteis, A. J"/ Hobday and T. F. Roberts ; and as each, has during the past few weeks, been vigorously prosecuting his icanvasa,, a h.ard- fight ' is anticipated; I'.'-We would, ; impress upon the miners that' it is their hqpiiden duty before- 'going to- the / pollrs-whicli opens at niiie- o'clock a.m.-, : and. closes aj; five p.m.— to decide which, their opinion, are the best men to look af ter, and conserve their interests as a 'class, .leaving, personal consideration and friendship en tirely out of the question ; and. then they will have, we feel assured, no reason to. regret their choice. . Arrival of the Mail. — The R.M.S.S. Assam, with the mails from Europe via rSuez, anchored in the Bay at 5 o'clock cin Thursday morning. J.' The ' mails /for the 'Nbiith.-'Eastern 'District were- delivered tiie." same day and bn Friday morfiing. '- ' ;/ -The Bellringers. — The Lynch Family of Bellringers are announced to appear in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, on Monday and Tuesday evenings. As the entertainment presented by the coumanv is a varied one and is highly spoken of by all who have witnessed it, a bumper house on each occasion is anticipated. New Insolvent. — Daniel Toohey, 0f Waggarandal, farmer. Cause of insol vency : Total failure of crops in 1879, Debts, £566 19s ; assets, £549 ; deficiency £17 19s. Air John Turner, assignee. ' The Forthcoming Show. — The event of the year among agriculturists and horti culturists in this district is undoubtedly the annual show in connection with the Beechworth and North-Eastern Agricul tural and Horticultural Association ; and the one to be held on Thursday and Friday, the 16th and 17th Alarcli next promises to be as successful, if not more so, as eitncr ot its tnree predecessors. Already we hear of preparations beiun- made by a number of exhibitors who are anxious to present the fruits of their labor before the public on show-day in as at tractive and perfect state as possible ; and Mr R. Thomson has met with encour aging success in his canvass of the district for subscriptions. The agricultural section of the show, as in previous years will be conducted at Baarmutha Park - and the exhibits appertaining to the horticultural section will be displayed in the Town Hall and an annexe to be erected in the gardens adjoining. The committee are energetically working, in taking the preliminary steps, with" the determinatisn to leave nothing undone that is calculated to promote a success. Tenders for the temporary buildings in the Town Hall gardens and for the supply of 850 yards of calico were received by the secretary on Friday afternoon last, and will be submitted for accentance bv th committee at their next meeting, on Wednesday. We would direct the atten tion of intending exhibitors of fruit that they must, at least one week prior to the show, inform the secretary the probable number of dishes to be shown, so that suf ficient room may be provided. " The Sketcher." — The " Australasian Sketcher" of the 25th inst. is to hand. Its contents are specially interesting, compris ing a number of extremely well-executed illustrations on various subjects ; the frontispiece being especially noticeable, presenting as it does, scenes in connec tion with the recent old English fair at the Exhibition building, Alelbotirne. AIr C. E. Jones. — The Ballarat cor respondent of the " Creswick Advertiser" thus writes :— Mr C. E. Jones is to lecture at Ballarat next week. There are evi dences already that his advent to Yictoria is troubling the politicians of Ballarat. A D/M«roenririf?nnf f rv flio G uw ouu kj tdl llJailUUHCo that the " Courier," which formerly op posed Mr Jones will now support him. The " Courier" was an opponent of Mr Jones's when he last stood, but I think ten years must have convinced the " Courier" that most politicians are alike — bar brains, which Air Jones possesses — and that worse has been done since his rus tication in Chicago, as far as public in terests are concerned, as ever occurred in his lamb and mint sauce day. The Moyhu State-school. — This school for the last three years past, ha been taught by Air Thomas H. Robertson, who has lately been promoted to the Harrietville school. Mr Robertson is succeeded in Aloyhu by a Alias O'Reilly. There is a new school to be built at Seuth Aloyhu, the contract for which has been obtained by Air Holt, of Oxley. A new school has lately been completed at Edi, for which Mr AlacKenzie, of Benalla, was the contractor. A school has been erected at Bongamero and the old bark hut, used as a school, at the Upper King, has been superseded by a new building. At Caboar there will be a school. Tt cannot be said the Shire of Oxlev is not well off for schools for when South Aloyhu school is completed there a ill be seventeen schools. This does not include a school, which it is said will be erected across the creek beyond the South Hanson school. With respect to changes in the position of teachers we understandt liat at Easter, Mr C. H. Cecil, of the. Laceby school will exchange with a teacher from the Ararat district. Licensing. — A billiard-table license has been granted to. Mr C. .C. Tulloch, of Har rietville. : Oti Saturday last applications to transfer licenses were made to Air W. H. Foster, stipendiary licensing magis trate', at Bright ; one being from Maria Kelly to William Barnett, Woolshed, the other from James Duncan to William Dickson, Porepnnkah. The consideration of .both cases was postponed till the 18th Alarch. The Bright County County. — To-day (Saturday) is the last day for serving sum monses for the ensuing County Court at Bright. School Inspectors. — Mr Campbell, who was the school inspector for part of this district, has gone to Alelbotirne, his place being taken by Air Ware. We unders- staud ...that Air A. T. Lewis has also left for Melbourne, his place being supplied by iyjLL iynan. The Boroondara Election.- — The elec tion ;of a representative of Boroondara in the Legislative Assembly, in the room of Mr R. Murray Smith, toek place en Thursday, and resulted in the return of the Constitutional candidate, Air Walker, by a majority of 22 votes over his opponent, Mr Taylor ; the numbers polled beinw — Walker, 785 ; Taylor, 763. The Benalla Fire- brigade. — On Tues day the collectors for the Benalla Fire- brigade met with excellent success, and in every instance .where money was promised, ;it" was given v ijfchqut hesitancy. These gentlemen also-waited on the Rev. Father Davy and .obtained from him the hand some donation of three guineas, and alse one guinea from Dr Revelle, of Sandhurst. There is rcfo c fleeted over £140. Air Hatwell. - go&t; f the Northern Insurance Compan y, "- S .tc .s chat he has been authc )'Mi t - ,ive, two guineas to the fire- brig:- Ic is very encouraging (observes ti e 'WE .sign") to find such general lilCmiH'-y, ami also it is gratifying to know thai. members-elected continue to show full -attend slice op practice nights. "A illnt'tor Travellers by Rail. — The Inile <>f ihe rnacl,;sp far as railway travelling 'is>coiic(,-nt''d.,.A>'as (says the " Geelong Ad- vertiaer)ipnt: ft> the test on Tuesday even ing atthe.rail way, -station. Mr Finlaysen, the w>ll '-kno Wic-harrister, of Ballarat, had tr;iveHe>.l -in.a.first-class carriage from the gi>ld-t'n-J-.ls city. ef route to Alelbourne. On arrivi'd of the-,train at Geelong the learned -barrister alighted for refreshments, and tipon'.- returning, - to his carriage he found that- his seatuhad been "jumped." The 'humidor refused to give up the seat, and an appeal . was made to the station-master, '\vho- dec:ded that a traveller by the train c'ould jiot..bq deprived of his privilege. The.":jumper," however, persisted in re taining .-,i)0.s?.esrion of the seat until Con stable Kettle appeared on the scene, and he then ungraciously bowed to the maj.sfy of tiip.taw;-' -This is net ths first time ihat th equ e s uo.t.i /pf :p ri o r i t y to seats in railway carfi.lgtsrihaadieen tested at the Geelng 