Cevntry lews. (FEOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) [By Telegraph.] ALBUBY, Monday. The vineyards generally are wanting rain badly. It is estimated that a good shower just now would increase lie vield fully 20 per cent., without deteriorating the duality. Much damage by the drought is especially noticeable in smaller vineyards, the estimated yield of which is 50 per cent, less than average. At Murray Valley Vmevard they have commenced picking grapes for champagne manufacture ; but vintage for general wine making will not begin for a fortnight. ARMIDALE, Monday. Five young men, named Burton, Love, Smith, Rule, and .Harper, went driving yesterday evening in a coach drawn by tour horses, two of which had just been broken in. A sudden swerve snapped the splinter -bar in two, and the leaders got free, dragging Smith, the driver, by the reins on to the ground. The shatters and coach passed over him, and his escape was miraculous. The others jumped out, but were not seriouely hurt, with the exception oi Thomas Harper, just out of his apprenticeship as saddler, who crawled on to the top of the coach and received such injuries to his head in lumping off as caused his death a few hours afterwards. 1 he coach overturned going into a creek. The other young men are doing well this morning, and are out of danger. ADELONG, Tuesday. The weather in this district is intensely hot, with abso lutely no sign of rain. Water is Bcarce in many places, and the ground is dry and parched. Cattle are in poor condi tion? Ophthalmia if* prevalent in the district, and is gener ally attributed to the excessive heat of the last few weeks. Publicans here are complying -with the Licensing Act, and cive no trouble to the police. Trade is dull owing to the slackness of the mining industry. Bush iires occasion & constant haze over the town of Adelong. A Chinaman, who was found concealed in the bush, suffering from leprosy, was brought near town recently, and died. BLAYNEY, Saturday. At an adjourned committee meeting, held at the Cos mopolitan Hotel, last night, Mr. Plumb in the chair, it was decided that a petition be drawn up by Mr. Tucker for sig nature, praying the Government that the district of Blayney may be incorporated. It was also carried that the town ship comprise 30 square miles, and that a Government surveyor be consulted with a view to determine the boun daries. Kain is badly wanted throughout the district. BULLADELAH. Monday. The steamer Fiona is in the same position, with her stern under water. They are getting cargo out of her fore hold rapidly on wire hawsers. Nothing can be recovered from her after-hold at present. The weather continues favourable. CAMPBELLTOWN, Tuesday. A public complimentary dinner was given last night, in the Temperance Hall, to Mr. Hubert Dillon, P.M., prior to bis departure for Walgett. Mr. J. Kidd, M.P., presided. Nearly all the magistrates and all ihe leading resident? of the district were present. CARCOAR, Tuesday. William Nobee, who is identical with the person of the same name charged with the late outrage at Fish River, and who was remanded at the last Bathurst sessions, on bail, has been committed for trial by the Cowra Bench, without bail, on a charge of setting fire to a fence, the property of A. Frazer, the person upon whom the late out rage was committed. DUBBO, Tuesday. The Court of Quarter Sessions terminated to-day. There were 22 convictions out of 30 prisoners tried. Mr. E. Barton, M.L.A., was present. A banquet is to be given in honour of Mr. G. H. Taylor, late Mayor. The weather is very dry ; there is no grass in this neighbourhood. FORBES, Feb. 17. Urow Mountain, 20 miles distant, has been on fire for some days past. Large trees are blazing, and at night the mountain looks like a town on fire. The Lachlan has almost ceased running, and the water ifi thick and slimy. Strong winds are blowing ; but there is no sign of rain. GUNNEDAH, Saturday. An unusually large and influential meeting was held last night to meet a deputation from Coonabarabran — namely, -Messrs. Neilson, Kerr, and Murohison— in reference to the road and the water supply between the two places. Ress lutions were passed in favour of the object proposed. Spe cial resolutions were also passed against the 6ale of the land on the Melally water reserve. GLEN INNES, Monday. A stack of hay, the property of a selector named Davis, ?was destroyed by fire last night. It is supposed to have been purposely fired, and is the second stack owned by the same man that has been destroyed by fire during the last two months. MAITLAND, Monday. Another case of drowning occurred in the river yesterday forenoon, A boat containing seven persons capsized, throwing the whole of the occupants into the water. Five escaped, but the only two married men in the boat were drowned. Their names are John Shaw, bricklayer, and Thomas O'Donnell, labourer. Shaw leaves a wife and two children, and O'Donnell leaves a wife and five children. Several of the others in the boat had a narrow escape. An inquest was held to-day on the bodies. The evidence showed that seven persons, named respectively Robert Bussell, James Bogan, Thomas Bogan, William ? Robinson, James Goldspink, John Shaw, and Thomas O'Donnell, were pulling about the river in a flat-bottomed boat, and that Shaw and O'Donnell, who were the worse of liquor, rocked the boat about until it upset, throwing the -whole of the occupants into the water. Shaw and O'Don nell were drowned, the others managing to get ashore with some difficulty. A verdict of accidentally drowned was re turned. This makes the sixth case of drowning in the river here since Christmas. MUDOEE, Saturday. Rain is very badly wanted. Grass and feed are fast running short. The weather is very hot, registering over 100- in the- shade during the past few days. NEWCASTLE, Saturday. The Customs revenue received for the week was £1672 5b. Id. The ship British Yeoman cleared at the Cu tome yesterday for Lyttelton, with the largest cargo of coil yet snipped aboard a sailing -.eel at this port, namely, 2850 Monday. The steamer Victoria, for Brisbane, received on board -toere on Saturday 85 eplendid bulls from the A. A. Company's warren Station, and 49 Durham cows from Tocal, con fflgned to Conlon and Hann. The lot were in capital condition. An old man named Robinson, a resi dent of Maitland, fell over the back of the verandah, of a boarding-house in King-street early on Sunday morning, alighting head first on an iron tank head, which he stove in, ne is badly hurt. The shipping arrivals yesterday repre ? i.i ^? ^gregate registered tonnage of between seven and agnt thousand tonB, exclusive of coasters. Rev. James » trt11' Mary's Parish, Newcastle, is about leaving to .^'e permanently in Europe. A number of publicans ?ere fined heavily at the police court this morning. NOWRA, Monday. tw^I6 j^foy br°ke out in Marcus's saddlery premises, &™raLQrilie considerable damage to the house and stock ^P^.^wjf-^^nguished. The building was insured. «w2 t^ b8I?ct1011 lh «* at there beingfto right-of-way amthsa^o. P 'harf» w^ wa* ' «'«*** ORAhcts. Friday. a* the annual meeting of the Orange Permanent Bwid. «g and Investment Society to-day, Mr. Jones, the secretary P^ted the report and balance-sheet. Mr. Stabback pre o*T' m the absence of Mr. Dalton, chairman of the society. u.te profits for the year were declared to be equivalent to i!!ir«Per ,l!hare- The directors elected were Messrs. Stab bak, Small, Paul, and Hale; trustee, Mr. W. Evans, vice w\ Qodoard, deceased; auditors, Messrs. Bernasconi and -ftiv; arbitrators, Messrs. Alley, Bowden, M'Conville, Lockie, M'Donald. A strong west wind prevailed to-day, with dust storms ; there is no sign of rain, and everything is parched. PARKES, Tuesday. Several bushfires are burning on the Urow and Bum bery Mountains, but no damage, except to fences, is as yet reported. The weather still shows no indication of rain. Selectors in some parts are very ehort of water. TENTERFIELD, Saturday. Mr. Donaldson, road superintendent, experienced a nasty accident yesterday evening. His horses and the buggy coming in contact with a log at the side of the road, the vehicle was upset, and Mr. Donaldson and his assistant, Mr. Cox, were thrown out. The former was a good deal hurt, but Mr. Cox escaped uninjured. The acci dent occurred four miles from the Bolivia Hotel, and assist ance was procured and Mr. Donaldson taken back there. The extent of the injury cannot be known until the doctor returns. The weather is now very fine. WALGETT, Tuesday. Mr. A. Money FiEher, late police magistrate here, left for his new appointment at Yass on Sunday. On the pre vious evening a large assembly of leading townsmen met at Patterson's Hotel, and presented him with an ad dress, accompanied by a gold watch and chain, in token of the respect entertained for him in the town and district. The licensed victuallers here unanimously have combined to support the central society in Svdney, of which they have all agreed to become members, and passed resolutions condemnatory of the stringent clauses in the recent Act. . Mails are arriving more regularly, but water is still spread over the country, and the rivers and creeks are high. Steps urgently required to open the new road to Coonamble, Feugal Swamp being once more almost impassable. YASS, Feb. 17. Mrs. Yates. the wife of Mr. Leopold Yates, Police Magistrate of Yass, was presented yesterday by the pupils attending the Public school with a splendid silver cake basket and bouquet of flowers, as a slight mark of esteem for the manner in which that lady has tried to advance the interests of the school and children. The Mayor (Mr. Colls), and several ladies were present. The weather here is very bad, intensely hot, with a strong wind blowing clouds of dufct. 