ITEMS OF NEWS, ;. . There, was nearly a disturbance at the Borough Council last night over a site recommended for the construction of baths at the back of the rail- Way station. . Itliappens to be in a street, which though not in use, has never been revoked. The .precise site has not been fixed unon. but it is to be selected next Thursday; and Councillors are hware of the situation in which they are placed. . ' The'f riends' of the Ven. Archdeacon Crawford will present him with a testimonial and an ad dress in the Orderly-room this afternoon, There should be a large muster of them on such an oc casion, as this may be the last opportunity they may have of exchanging words with him before Jie leaves. He will carry with liim from tlio colony tho good will and good wishes of the re- BlUGIlKl, nQU slliUl Up nnppy II lilOy bull Utiul that he has a pleasant voyage, and gets improved . health. : Tiiq steamer Rosetta will leave with the out ward mails oh Thursday next/ ;Passongers for ffJuropo will bo transferred to . the Nopaul at Galle. ' j We are requested to draw attention to a hotic in anoth'or column calling for tenders for. cutting a chamber and ,'sinking/ shaft ' ih''Lbck's'.. No/ l Extended Co., Sandy Creek. / /, , /,/ : ; In the: garden -of Mi- . James . Dunstan, Camp' bells O reek, is an apple tree blossoming. Last year-it ivas heavily laden with fruit, but had none this year., Tlie roots of the tree are kept constantly moist by dripping from a ivater-tap. \ A cricket match will be played at Wattle Flat to-morrow between a team from the Malmsbury and Wattle Flat Clubs ; wickets to be pitched at 1.30 sliarp. .Tho, local teiihi will he chosen from the following players' Bibby, Crawford; Campbell, .'Conn, Donovan, Hill, Kinlock, Muir- -head(2), Laver (4), M'Glenchy, Maaison, Robb, '"Wilson,-/"..' '- Mr Thomas 'Rodda, who Was recently burned out at Be'nalla, is a son of Mr Rodda, of "Vaughan. The esteem in which Air , Rodda is held at Beh- alla was exemplified. by some- friends, : who in a few hours piaoed L200 to his credit in tho hank. This kindness, totally unexpected'by Mr Rodda, enabled him tp at once resume his. school. His real loss was much greater than at first stated in the papers. /- - /; // : : : The _ following aro he ret'urixs of traffic on' tiie Victorian Railways for week ending 7th Feb., 1882 : — Number's of passengers, 638,476. , Passengers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, LIS, 103. 3s Od ; merchandise, minerals, and cattle, L23,123 19s Od ;-j— total for the week, L38,227. 2s 6d ; corresponding week in 1881, L38,263 9s 6d. Aggregate to this date, from 1st July, :L1, 008, 425 lis 2d. Weekly average 31 Weeks, L32, 529 17s Id. : , Our Guildford ; correspondent writes " The paragraph about a ram butting a'cliild tiie other day gave great umbrage to Mr Mti'on, because he Was not the owner of it, but one of his children —a distinction without a difference. In the ' case referred to the child was on its own ground.. However, the brute is dead. While the butting of othercliildren could be borne with christian resignation/the attack on'; Mr Moon's own could hot be endured, 'so when that took place the animal was killed." The Board of Advice for the Vaughan riding held its usual meeting- on Tuesday evening. The principal business was the examination of the. rolls. It was found that a number .of children had not complied with the Act, as regards at tendance, and it was determined to enforce the' law in all cases. _ A complaint was made that tlie previous leniency of tli'o board in receiving excuses, ; sometimes of a trifling clraracter, had encouraged truancy. This will not occur in the future. It" was said or reported that the State school teacher had refused to let the children use the underground water, while lie used it for domestic; and jaundry purposes. Tho members of the hoard had never heard any complaint, but enquiry elicited the fact that the .'children preferred the iron tank water, because that be low had a bad' taste ; and as for using/the water for other purposes than drinking, the teacher had a perfect right to do so. At the Police Court yesterday, Patrick Lane admitted being drunk. He wa3 found in Lyttleton Avenue about 2 o'clock in the morn ing making a great noise. He had not been be fore the Court previously, and was discharged. Ah Ohow was charged with stealing two fowls, worth 3s, belonging to Mrs Place, of Campbells Creek. She missed them last Monday morning and-, did not see them till Wednesday, in the fowl-house of the accused, about a mile distant from her house! Her son missed them on Mon day and did not Bee them till Wednesday at Ah Chow's,! who said they did not belong to him and/that he ;knew nothing about them. A Ohhiese witness was called to support the prose cution, which he did in 'a characteristic w&v-bv; declaring that he always /found Ah Chow a " very holiest man," and;,that(he 'told him the fowls did not belong to him, arid did not know how they .came/to his. place. ! Aftei' hearing the evidence tho accused, was dischdiged. . t . .// ; '// , Mr Davey has made the : following startling . statement regarding tlie - lively state of the Gee- long hospital beds I desire to. draw tho at tention of the cqnimitteo - to the "fact/that I re cently irispected the wards of :the hospital, and found _ many of tho bods in a filthy state. " ' I mad'e'it my business to'examihe a large niihiher of the beds, and I was vei-y much surprised to find .that: each; 0f the beds: was literally alive with bugs." . A- mo3t iiiliuman . case ; of iil- treatment has been disclosed at' an inquest hold i at Ballarat yesterday on the body of a child named Emma Ah Kew, 7 years ofago: 'The- ovidenco eUeted- tlie fact that tho ' mother ivho is tho wife of a Chinaman, had made a practice of leaving the child in R.caridle'ffiQX . deposited. in/an outhouse while she got , drunk. She had also negleoted to give her infant ordinary sustenance for nearly the whole day, until at last it became so emaci- ated that the neighbours insisted upon it bein" takn to tlio hospital for treatment. Tho mother theui oven neglected to give it tho medicines prescribed, and the police took tho matter in hand. The olnld diod on Wednrwdm, and presented a deplorable spoctaclo. Tho wo man to discharged on tlio ground that death resulted from natural causas— chronic diarrhrea It was mentioned yesterday by our Melbourne correspondent that somo serious charges had been brought against Mr M 'Niece, who some timo ago was clerk to the Castlemaino Bench. Referring to tho matter tho Evening Mail says — The charges brought against him consisted .f "Ogieot of duty, disgusting conduct in the streets, foul and insulting langungo to one of tho local justices. Mr M 'Niece had received a num- bor of cautions, hut in spite of all warniii" he at last committed himself to such an extent that the Cabinet had no alternative but to dismiss him. The boat which foundered in Corio Bay on Sunday morning last was found on Wed nesday afternoon. Tim, bodies' iff the .men: who were drowned at tlio time of the accident have not yet been recovered. \- '. , p-rt The Sydnoy Meat Preserving Ooirjpgtiyliejd'iM half-yearly meeting on "VVneady, ' - .greqit. , balanoe was shown of L23, 768. " ! I /The old woman Ellen Hole, who was burnt ! at the fire which took plaos at Emerald Hill on Tuosday night, diod yesterday from tho injuries received on tlio occasi on. At the Sydnoy Quarter Sessions, San Martina an Italian priest, was sentenced to two years' hard labour on the roads of the colony for in decently assaulting a child. A deficiency of over L300 has been discovered in the accounts of Durham, late town clerk of Bathurst. Further investigations are being made. Durham disappeared some time ago, and his pre sent whereabouts is unktiown. While laying a water main at Townsvjfle two 18-pounder shot were found embedded 2ft in the beach. They have become reduced 2 lb in weight, arid are supposed to have been fired 50 years ago. At the inquest concerning the death of Dr Walter Adams, of Blayney, who . wab killed on the railway line at Sydney, the evidence .dis closed the fact that the deceased' ha3 been in the habit of drinking to excess, and had pre viously threatened to destroy himself. . It rdid not, however, transpire how he got on to the line. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. At Maryborough, on Wednesday, an old man named Thomas Munro fell down suddenly on his way home, and died on tlio spot. His body ; was found near the Flagstaff Hotel Btables, and a magisterial inquiry having been hold, a verdict was returned that death resulted from aneurism of the aorta. Munro had been quite well up to within a few minutes of when he died. / -The ICyneton Guardian remarks : — " The Mayor of Sandhurst does not believo in enter taining tlio Russian officers. He likos them all very well, but does not seo it his duty to pro vide for tho entertoininont of persons who may on some future date rally to tho sack of Mel bouriie. Tho Mayor's name is Jackson— /md it is very much to his credit— for he himself, lias said it — that he is an Englishman." Grave complaints (according to the Argus) are being made in the Railway department that/the half-fare passes given to press representatives are being almost as much if not more abused than wore the free passes. So far lias this prac tice already extended since the abolition of free tickets, that cases are being prepared against some of the offending parties, who will shortly be required to answer for tlieir conduct in a court of law. / ;/--". '-. j The Carola, the first -German warship which lias visited South Australia, arrived at Adelaide, on Wednesday. She is 2169 tons, and under the command of Captain ' Von Galster: 'Tho Carola is in commissfon for the Australian sta tion, and she made tlie /passage from the Cape under canvas in 33 days.- Her crew number 242\. - The president of the Marine Board and tlie German' vice-'corisul boarded' tho vessel on arrival, and were received with" the usual courtesy by the officers. . V„ A quantity, of wreckage has! been! found at the south end of Garden Island, . West Australia. Portions of the remains of- a /man found in the stomach of a large shark, caught off Fremontle, suggest the wreck' of a Bhip on tlie coast. The wreckage /. includes spars, deck planks, and a top- gallanV-rail painted black on the outside, and white, on the inside. It is supposed to have belonged to the brig Jumna, which pro bably foundered on tlie Coventry or Naturalist Reef. //' -; . The Supreme Court at Sydnoy, on Wednes day; delivered judgment in a case of some public importance as limiting the liability of the Government to depositors in the Post-office Sav ings Bank. ; A depositor's book was stolen, and the thief contrived to withdraw tho' wholo of the money deposited!'; Under the circumstances tho depositor sought to recover" frerii the Govern ment. _ The' Court decided that : this could hot be .donej . inasmuch, as , the Government was pro- 'tected'from liability. by! a regulation/ made under the authority of the Savings Banks Act. A gentleman at Scarsdale recently had rather an unpleasant experience of the truth of the old adage that misfortunes never come singly, for the folio wing, telegrams informed liim first that his father-in-law was dead, next that anotiier relative of his wife had' died,' and last that a bush-fire- was blazing away in -liis paddock. The unlucky man at last: came : to /look :.:upqn " lum- self as a .modern Joff ' and on the/Tplegreph as the substitute for tiie messengens which brought suoh bad tidings to tliat long-suffering man. ;// ;j" "-' I// Ill-treating poliqemen, even after the prutal fashion of the Lillydale navvies, appears :to be looked on as an innocent amusement by the local magistrates, for when Ryan and Lynch Were brought before them on Wednesday; they fined the former L3, with L4 costs, arid H dam ages, and discharged the other man. It was ex pected by those who saw the unfortunate man after the fray, that tlie pair who took thq lead ill assaulting them would have been comhritted for trial qr awarded a term of imprisonment, and- the navvies, who will probably get up a. subscrip tion amongst themselves tp pay tiieir comrade's fine, will be of opinion that maltreating constables is cheap, as well as good sport. A lad between seventeen and eighteen years of age was sent from the Melbourne gaol to Pen- tridge last Friday. When tlio clerk was taking liis description, the lad (states the Telegraph) said lie had been an inmate iri the Jika! R'efor- matory for three years, and could neither .read- nor write. He gavo a most ; deplorable, acoopnt of the state of discioline durinc that nm-ind- and from what he has seen of a number of - Mis com rades when at -liberty/ he is of opinion that a large majority will return to crime-again! '-'Fium, calculations that have been' made it' is' thought; a larger/number, of the inmates . from the -Jika Reformatqxy. have been sent ' to 'Pentridge ' than fromwriy of tlio other schools ' of a siiar/lffrid' in the colony. ... , "/' — A'return puhlishetl 'in 'Wednesday's Goveni- ment Gazette shows, tliat tlie total numbcr.qf de- positors in tlio savings banks . of New South Wales on the 31st December last was 40; 532 having a total to their credit of LI, 727, 202. An analysis of these figures shows that 10,684 per sons hav'o -L108, 093 doposited in sums of L20 and under ; 6291 have L2C3 in sums betweon L20 and L50 ; 6223 have L446,891 in suriis bo- t.ween L50 and L100 ; 7007 have L771.451 in sums betwoen L100 and L200 ; 181 liavo L42,457 in sums between L200 and L300 ; while 140 havo L122,145 to tlieir credit in sums of up-, wards of L300. Tho increase in the amount of deposits during tho whole year was L230,841. Tho new depositors last year in the ponny savings banks had to their credit at tho end of tho vear a sum of L12,451. Tho Oreswick Advertiser says a most miraou lous escapo from sorious injuiy or deatii hap pened on Monday morning last to Mr J. '"R.tultmvlsnii .T P ou/1 w » — w . j. . y aviiAu iiiuiuuuiH ;ui ni8 family. Mr Richardson was driving to Crosivick in his buggy accompanied by three of liis cliil- dren, and when crossing tho bridge over the orqok at Bullarook Village, thq liorso shied at nuothor coming down tlio road in tho opposite direction. Tho passage at this place being nar row, the liorso and buggy went over the stoop embankment which leads into tho. creek, throw ing Mr Riohanlson out, whilst tlio children .wore undor the buggy which was overturned. Strango to say, the children were unhurt, and Mr, Richardson, wo learn, though ho received some ' injuries, thoy are not of a serious nature. Tho , h"1'36 ,was injured, and the buggy sustained cori- siuerablc damage. ) Tho oldest brewery in thq world is said to bo that of "Dobran," nearPilson,.in Austria. ; Jt was established in tho year 1378, when a- sort of .grant. ..was givon-to. the Ifoundersamran soriptive right to brew "old" and "white" boors. 