/UlOPWj YAN TEZA'GR'AMS. IMPERIAL GERMAN RESCRIPT. BEILIx, Janui?srv 7. An TImpeiial Rescripti has ?eed' pib lished to-day, addressed' to the Prussian Ministry, ,. in which the .Emperor strongly, asserts the 'prerogatives of the Crown, and insists upon the urgent necessity for oaths of allegiance,, where by all officials shall pledge themselves in ?verv way to abstain frotm fomont ing or taking part in any piblic.agita tion, The. rescript further claims the iglht of the Government to demand the support of all"officials "it the generani elections. The above dociimellt is ex citing aii immense deal of.attention throughout the country.; Losyoox, January 6. The fund, established undler the presi. dency of the Lord Mayor of London, for the '.ssistance ot landlords ,ewho are placed in distressed 'circuiinstnces through the refusal, of theirteuantai'iu Irelandl to pay rent, has reached the amount of £12,000. January 8. Strong symptoms of the revival 'df a Re :publican. feeling are being manifested' in Spain. In Madrid great excitement' has been caused by the of a Republican mani festo calling upon the Spanish people to expel the Royal family, and to follow the example of Francein establishing a Rel uilic. A terrible catastrophe is reported to have occurred at Oskaloosa, a town "in Iowa, United States. A number of boys were practising shooting at a target in the vicinitv of a powder magazine near the .town. By some means, probably, as supposed,. through a misdirected shot entering the place, the magazine, which contained several hundred knee of powder, exploded. The shock was terrific. The boys who were the cause of the disaster were killed, and the town itself was wrecked. Many buildings were ab solut'ly destroyed. Several persons were injuredf, the shck being. felt with. great forc':sat. a- very' considerable distance from the actual scene of the explosion. !The.st ite of feeling in Limerick continues to be*extreinely exeted, and'disturbances of a more or less serious character are of con. stant occurrence. In order to repress any outbreak,. and to protect the cityi, the streets are patrolled night and day by the military. A French entomologist asserts that the wool of different countries can be distin cuished in the, market by the beetles'which frequent the bales. He has ideiatifed 47 species in Australian wool, 52 in "South African, ..30 is ,S mth Amer?can, 16 in Spanislh anid tsi tin Russian wool. Raisons are formed from grapes ay ontt;ng the stalks of the bunch s half through when the grapes are nearly ripe, and leaving them suspended on the vine until their watery. parts evaporate, The large bush-fire at Mount Cole, near Bnangor, which was extinguished, after great difficulty' by residents in the locality, after burning for several days, has broken out again, and on Saturday it was approach. ing the township. It has already. done a good deal of damage to fencing and grass in its course, The wheat harvest, as it proceeds (says the. Leader), brihgs out the fact that although the average yield will not be high, the quality of the grain promises to be good.. Grass is plentiful in most districts, but. complaints about want of water come frq.ýnome, of the lorthern loraitie : HOLLowAY's OINTatENT AeND PILLs. Acute Rheumatism-In all severe pains in the j.,ints and muscles, after duo .ntpentatio,,t with hot water, the soothing action of this Ointmie:t is most remarkable; it seems rat once, tr lessen inflanmation, ease pain, re duce tihe swelling, restore the free circulation, and expel the disease. In these com p;laint', indeed, Hollqway's Ointment and Pills are an infallible specific. The Ointment 'shoul Ibe rubbed as near the part of pain as the natient can hear, it is absorbed and directly conveyed to the diseased textures, when, act ing on the nerves, vessels, and, guiders, it will arrest disease, and again establish healthy action. The aperient and purifying qualities are very great. 'RADE MARK, WTALTHAt MAss.--The AMERICAN t WATCHl COMDPANY, Of VWaltham, Massachusetts, U.S.A., hereby give notice that their Trade Mark, "Waltham, Mass.," is now registered in the Australian Colonies of Victoria, Newar South Wales, and New Zealand. Proceedings will be taken against any person copying or imitating same, or any vendoirs selling or offering for sale watches hearing colorabl. imitations or in any way infringing . our rights.-. American Watch. Company, Waltham, Mass.'. " 