A FEW YARNS ABOUT A BUSHRANGER. (FROM THE GUNDAGAI TIMES.) Whenever a group of our bushmen congregate for a yarn, say round a camp-fire or in a shearer's hut, you may rest assured that tbe exploits of the Kelly gang will be duly discussed, and the doings of an equally notorious character will then be introduced. * Incidents from the life of Morgan will be related, and descriptions of encounters (friendly) with that bloodthirsty liero will be duly related with pride and self-importance. It was during one of these bush palavers that I picked up tbe following fragments from the life of Morgan, the New South Wales bushranger. Said one of the assemblage round the bushfire :—" The landlady of an hotel on the main Sydney road told me that one day about 2 o'clock, a man riding a fine horse dismounted at the bar door, and, hitching his horse to the verandah post, entered the bar, called for a glass of brandy, and inquired if he could obtain a dinner. Being answeredin the affirmative, he strolled out to bis horse, of which he seemed very proud, and allowed the animal to rub bis head against his person, gazing intently up and down the road in tbe meantime. Dinner; being aunounced, the tall man unstrapped his valise from tbe saddle, and led his horse opposite to the door of a room in which the dinner-table was. He entered the room, taking his valise in with him. In five or six minutes he re-appeared in the bar-room, inquired the charge lor the meal, paid for it, said 'Good day/ and, stepping to his horse, strapped on tbe valise, mounted and rode away. The landlady called the servant to clear away the table: but, upon lifting the dish-cover, discovered to her astonishment that the dish was empty ; the bread had also disappeared—in the tall stranger's valise. That night the mailcoach was stopped, the mails taken, and the driver ordered back to whence he bad taken his last departure—tbe hotel at which the tall stranger had taken his dinner." The tall man was Morgan. " I was working down at Narguuia," said one young fellow, "at the time when Morgan was knocking around, and I was there when he paid the station a visit; and this is how it happened. A decently-dressed chap rode up to the Btalion one evening, and asked to see the manager. The manager was a young fellow, a nephew, I think, of the proprietor. He came out on the verandah, and after a short chat the stranger hobbled his horse and turned him out in the paddock, and entered tbe house with the manager, where he remained for tbe night Next morning I was told to run up the horses, and they were soon in the stockyard. After breakfast, the boss and tbe stranger came to the yard. The latter caught his horse and the boss told me to catch Kitty, a three-year-old not long broken-in. She was quiet enough when taken quietly, but was nervous and easily frightened. A packsaddle was brought out of the store and placed upon her, and quite a load ot meat, flour, tea, sugar, &c.;, packed upon the mare. All was ready for the stranger's departure, when something frightened the mare, and away she started around the paddock, and we ail hot after her. We found it impossible to stop her, or even to pet her into tbe stockyard. She bad made the round of the paddock twice, and was off again, when the stranger exclaimed, ' D— her, I'll stop her,' and drawing a revolver from his waist he fired, and the mare dropped dead in ber tracks, shot through the head. A quieter horse was then caught, the pack and loading placed upon him, and the stranger departed, after a short talk with the boss. This was Morgan, who, knowing the isolated situation of the station, bad quietly told tbe young manager who he was and what be required, and his good sense told him it was best to submit to the inevitable, and thus the quiet departure of the dreaded bushranger." Another of the audience contributed the following to the Morgan marvels:—" A spot was pointed out to me where a road contractor's camp had at once stood, near Kvauiba. The manner of its destruction was said to have been as follows : Morgan was riding out one morning near Kyamba, when be met an old man on the tramp. He enquired where the man had stopped for the night; tbe old fellow said he had camped out. 1 Why did you not stop with tbe roai contractor over yonder V The old man said that be had asked for accommodation for the night, and had been refused. ' Come back to the camp with me ; I have something to say to those men/ and Morgan and the old man were soon in front of tbe camp. It being Sunday, tbe men weref taking it out of their blankets.' After some shouting the men were assembled outside, where they beheld the noted bushranger, revolver in hand, and the old man standing by. After swearing at them for being hard-hearted scouudrels for leaving tbe old man to lie in tbe cold, when they could easily have accommodated him, he ordered one of the men to set fire to tbe tents. The man dared not disobey, for there sat the aveuger with loaded revolver, and it was known that Morgan was short-tempered. The tents were fired and destroyed, and I saw the remains of the beef cask with the hoops piled up as they had fallen from the burning staves." "Now I'll tell you, boys, how Morgan let a fellow off who really wauted shooting, because he was an informer and a treacherous scoundrel, who intended to murder him for the price upon bis head," said an old man at the fire. This is his yarn : a There was an old chap boundaryriding on Brookong run, who knew Morgan well, as he frequently met him in unexpected places about the run. Morgan never molested tbe man, nor did the boundary- rider ever make known tbe fact that he wasfrequently cognizant of the whereabouts of the bushranger. But there was a price placed upon the head of the outlaw, and the newsawoke unholy passions-in the boundary-rider's breast, and he determined to obtain the reward by treachery and murder. He got a few days'leave of absence anda cheque from the manager, and proceeded to a township, but not the one nearest to the station. He had to pass on his road the hut of a woman who might have sold a drop on the sly. This woman was a friend of Morgan's, and also knew the boundary-rider well. A drop of grog may have loosened the letter's tongue ; at all events the woman regarded ambiguously tbebushman'stalk, and upon seeing Morgan next day, before the boundary-rider's return, sbe imparted her suspicions and warned the bushranger that the bushman was not to be trusted. Morgan waited tbe return oi tbe boundary-rider, and upon meeting him asked if he had been to town, and catching sight of the handle of the revolver sticking out of the pocket of the man's coat, he at once seized it, and, drawing itforth, demanded what he was going to do with it. The man said it was to shoot kangaroo with, but his guilty features betrayed his terror. Morgan did not keep him long in suspense. He told him he suspected his intention, and that he bad a great mind to shoot him on the spot, but that as he had known him so long he would let him off scatheless, but if he could be found in the neighborhood to-morrow he would bunt him up, and shoot him like a do*. He then examined tbe revolver, and finding it was loaded, he raised it and firei, the ball passing between the saddle and tbe seat of the man's trousers. No further dismissal was necessary ; the fellow galloped away, and many miles were placed between him and the scene of his treachciy before the sun rose." THE attempt to light the ptincipal streets of Liverpool by electricity has (theLiverpool Daily Post says) proved a failure. The announcement is made that the British Electric Light Company have withdrawn from tbeir contract, having, it is said, lost a sum of £15,000 in their experiments. With the failure in Liverpool before them, the members of the West Derby Local Board declined to appoint a committee to collect information regarding the electric light. 