THE MA~IT~t LAv~s fDSi:.--; -4----- lB Fen.E Mousy. " Well, good bye,ald fellow. Jwiaihdil go with you. I hear tlne snipe vre up at Bargooma, don't forget t?or down a few brace if you haveynyul.j: " I won't forget," said VittboaKld' his friend Inspector Smith, of tlh force who had accompanied him as.farcuthe Spencer-street Station. ".And,1sly I o i boy," continued the detective, whlo-ok. more like a doctor or a lawyer, than a mean-,. her of the force," don't be eiaking love to:thi:, pretty girl in the next carrige who;, I .?o. dentally heard, is bound for the same hospit: able house as yourself." s "No fear of that" said Levison with a smile; " Syou know I am a confirmed wome 1 hater." .-. "I know you say so; but methinks you do protest too much sometimes." '"I never was more in earnest; and, it [.." was not that I had promised my old riena.d Campbell to pay him a visit, I should feel:: half inclined to postpone my holiday.un?ti -? was sure that the eoasel eeolearofgils . are the·'peoial plgus .ent ·b'?y-:? ? Victor Levson was a handsome young fol l.ow of five and. twenty, and as the train ,·moved away from tho Spencor-street Station, he lay back with a half resigned half melan 'choly air and lit a cigar which he smoked in Ssepai- unconecious fashion while he gaord t. ort the shitting panorama which he evi dseasl. sewnly ntwith his physical organs, whail ?airatual f~iulties were engaged in esome introspeetive problems. He loked very well-to-do gentleman too; and one ~ipo whom the cares of this world ete lightly, Above the middle height, well formed and athletic, there was somehing in h.. hifaoe which denoted the man of thought as wellaseOlf tiobn. There was a frank lookin Sis' lear. ey-eyes that inspired confidence, dalle the. ylad a knack of blazing up sud A 'd6i -, any exoitement, or sparkling with i'd;?)wian.the ocaeion offered, which formed e' i ¢htrset to their habitual look of u;- _ ghtfulneas. i'heechue second son of Gilbert Levison, Victor -led chosen the profolesion of a barrister, and . ea only devoted his energies and talents .:tos.'.p?sofe?eion, he would probably havemade ioi:noa."ini it; but he was sbmething of a l'ramer , andiii he had decided for the law, ~AS weeoanlto escape from a profession even '.o:r, -distmit e. He courted the muses, \--i hwas suicient to put him outside the ',':.of decent society; and men who ms W '.in coals by the wholesale, or who . bateedin beef and mutton, while still in the~.~didition of bullocks and sheep, or weho Sqiad' their fortunes by the careful selection of e-wes ad resh es; looked upon him with a sort of .dehstcmgtoous pity, at much as to saoy: ..?,1I, thee'?s a clever sort of ne'er-do-wenl, :.wlio weites bobhkse and poems and that sort of tiash instead of iuying and selling and mak " rug ~noney---o l] come to no good I" \- .Th eolrt Of thing in the abstract, did not \- s ay?Oio.flr Levieiop-it rather amused himn; fwoae" itasme to interfering between him ?.bthe gil-hbe loved, itaoused a bitterness in f?bl .omt,.Swhich oeoasionally fouind vent in at-.? .d. nstic words, and intensified the a n.?`e mt nism already existing. \- ;~o...der" whothegirl is, that Smith spoke fl umared Levison, as he pitched his . ut o the -window, and yawned pro to ,oing to Archie Camphell's is e. ar perhaps; and good-looking, :?ih'mays. Well if she is-and I must say A'.6BSlti has a tolerable taste in womankind e'naC.: ·ir.sps fall in love with her, out of -espite. ? .Yet [scan't help thinking that njoalsti have been some underhand in J iseat work, to make Lucy break off our 6t. The last time I saw her, poor SIseemed nearly heart-broken. I swear \- elovesme, m s.and I know I love her; then s dhe. . . but there? cursing won't tihn atterelet me read her letter again." \- 5'Dearast Victor-, ' ·..;..".' f youknew the grief that fills 'piyiaeh'whil eI write this letter, which is to ·latEeS roufm our engagement, you would s·ftsine. slam torn between my love and my ? ?'?1ogyae' you, Victor;, I love you; and I nbfaic to sayd so, for you are good and b e~aos gaveyou my heart, when you told In~slo ownsweet passionate words, that i . Oh; Victor, do not think harshly . Beo! :Bsarwith me, though I cannot reveal \- au'aou heese of ourseparation. It is--it -ip lSbe, God help me-enough that I can ?'i r 'marry you. My load is suflficiently '.hevy'ota.bear in parting with you, without hlat you think unkindly of me. Let .a bt e asmore;~ or I fear myself. My tears tahewods, as I write farewell.-Your S, Luc." ).sTorzr"said Levison, as he kissed the ,".l? a not unmanly. tear mingled i-f*h6e ot his love which already stained alnoIsolepus paper, "poor girl ! it is now " twelve months since she wrote that S anI have never heard of her since in tofhIeh utmost pieforts of Inspector Eln the whole of the detective starl. da whast. ean be the duty she talks ,- Ixset some of her relations have her that I am not exactly .aort of Bohemian, which, to :Aflf lil is equivalent to heathen-and ?,.:ei ade? bthe, r .duty to tear herself .fonyan the world, the flesh, and-the ?a th the'ghape of myself. But then, so ?r ael.ko?hw he ad no relations except Hler j~hir notiaer; the father I never met, u Wtse old lady was extremely . d eit, I must confess, a little vul niever .trck me that she had any s :to a Bohemian son-inlaw. EihIgive it up," and Victor Levi Shimself with a sigh to the task a seond cigar. In the meantime ' ;l~O idtli:. d on its way at the usual high ~ ,fesoie adopted on the Victorian Rail -goten miles an hour, pulling up .or.nine miles to put down or S -oame sssenger, and makig the u and blood-curdling noises at p with an abominable contriv ? ieghihwignified with the name of a '.·,a6t intermnninable paddocks enclosed aVnd riil fences, wherein sheep and graed in peace, apparently indifferent ~la bsnnsr wich ruahed frantically .th ' belehisng forth fire and smoke; past ? .rittlq melancholy looking huts, like leifedog kennels, standing in solitary odf "op hleak-looking .plain., and each . aigwitna to the former existence of a n-sti; and the present Pxistence of a shold ..minu . myblock; past miles upon t~.?lee d 'iabgrazing land, where Herefords ba. .,dhort-horns waxed fat, while their ,o. ers e?ere- kicked by the friends of the ~ 'btp eLkeout the balance pf the proverb; fj.tate ashools, where the rising genera n playing for a moment or two to 'iseerthe : loomotive .on its way, or yell de ' .t'thb' monster lacerding to their ?.umour for the time being; plastlevel cross ?'tewhere queer old cripples, who were help es, eoi gh i.to be members of Parliament, Sisened? d shut the gates as if opening and utl atie 'was the chief end of man; at -loong mansions, each of which -etla i .mpecinded squatter had built up in en f ali the canons of art, and most of a l diedshortly after the erection of t .paatlstructures; past, or rather ogrendles miles of bla~ck wattles, planted .pr t-o the sole purpose of some day, ng',j-to a .ihuge bush-fire, fated to con m .sseaengecs and train in one vast hIolo 4?tj . aba then, after having religiously ,·Dpbi40ee Bti_.mes in less than a hundred ,nd~ty.~nis,the panting engine pulls up sat ~i',=rTO?. oneahorse station, which is for the tl s ebinay terminus. Victor Levison was oimllm a reverie by the demand for 4 ticket, bnu then he found himself at the e?'?yo6f the eabinen who quarrelled over his n-iiase and portmanteau and rug, until, ?olngsettled their dispute in their own way, Ie-fou d hhimself seated in a melancholy Lsskig cab'vie e vis to the fair incognito, ! Fiowodestination was the same as his own. . CHAPTER II., ?itgdwap" Maftlnd was a wealthy lande,. rljprietorn qne of the richest l'sieuual dis teofi. tietoiria. He had Oce son, Walter, w·hom he was not a little proud, but with \- o~h he was, perhaps, a little severe. Mait ?ltrin wac s .ting pey afraid of his son r.iing a ?wellanc-c-possibhly, be m i saetsalfn hadmarried his fathcr's cook, tfd'W afraid-sat suchb little peculiarcieo S 'Bhar. However that may be, lytwito wsperfectly certain, that if he did ,r beneath him, his father would straight way.sat him off with the proverbial shilling. 2 ashiae probably the reason why, with that trahge perversity that makes thie majority of .~oplelong for the precise thing that they are -ystse to shui, Mr. Walter Maitland fell over head and ears in love with the pretty s-sighte of John Morrison, a poor but honest w;ebir In Gipps Land. Walter was a ro ;e-ntik youth in those days-he was but .twen?t years ofage-and it afforded him a stra?ge nd earful delight to masquerade in inlsaodting excaursions under the name of :$Ylter~.rown. Under the name of Waiter -r?wnsJe married pretty Jane Morrison, and lightyto a smg little cottage for her ?'3o :sthub ;t.bournre, noi. Ass of living under cireum-i -' ur-of the romantic, unleas it is done properly; and, therefore, Walter made up his mind that he would keep his wife ignorant of what he considered his exalted origin until he became his own master. In the meantime, he gave out that he was a commercial traveller for a soft goods house in the city. Thist was a very soft ting, indeed, if it had been analysed; but Mrs. ]irown knew no more about softgoods than Mr. Brown, and she was, of course, under the impression that, when liher husband was away visiting the paternal acres, hei was pe rambulating thie country in those gorgeous vehicles so much affected by consmercial gentlemen. Tie only person who knew of the little comedy, besides Walter himsielf, was hiis cousin, Henry Maitlasnd. Years rolled oa, but iMr. Walter Maitland, much to the surprise of his aristocratic friends, remained a conlinsed bachelor. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Brown were blessed with osnefair daughter, whom the perspiouous reader will immsediately recognise as Lucy, who so strangely disappeared from thle iken of her lover, Victor Levison. The auspicious birth of a daughter mnado an additional nttraction to the romantic dove cote of Mr. Walter Brown ss ais a Maitland. But Walter continued the even tenor of his way. lie was happy in hsis cottage as Walter Brown, and he was happy on his father's station as Walter Maitland. In either case hie was a happy-go-lucky, careless, romantic dog, who hugged his own little mystery to hIis own heart, and never thought that any harm would come of it. All iu good time hie would appear as the prince in the fairy tale, and carry his astonished wife and no less astonished child to his palatial and ancestral hIome. But when one, with the best intentions in the world, begins telling lies, or living lies, things don't 'pan out,' properly always. Ten years after his marriage his father died and he succeeded to the property. Now, whether it was that he was ashamed of his wife; or whether, as some have whispered, that he had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that he was too easy going to alter the life which had grown habitual to him we cannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father, and up to the time of his own-accidental death we were go ing to say, but deliberate murder is the phrase required--he continued his dual existence. Walter was always an easy going, honest, careless soul; and we don't believe a word aboutthe rumoured second wife. His faults were numerous enough; but his pirincipal weakness was a pernicious habit of 'letting things slide,' and shunting of work of any kind and responsiblities of all kinds on to other shoulders. The pair of shoulders which took the most of this work were those of his cousin Henry. Henry Maitland was a clever man with a keen, dark eye which, to a close obser ver, had a slightly trea cherous look, and his face, when he was not wearing his society mask, hada hungryan aricious expression. A good plhysiognomist would have said that he was a miser; agood phrenologist would ehavput him down as a first class murderer; they would both have been right. Henry Maitland had a badly balanced head. He had an abnormal develop ment of two organs very useful in their place but dangerous when in exceos-.acqui sitiveness and destrue tiveness. Henry Maitland was Walters only surviving relative. If Walter died intestate he would suc ced to the property. The only thihg that stood in the way was the wife and daughter. lIow to get over this ditfficulty was the ques tion. " iVatty old boy," said Henry with the as sumption of bluff hear tiness and good hum our, which he adopted always when not abso lutely alone-tthis as sumption of good na ured rouglhnuess was the mnask under wshich he found it most conveni ent to do the meanest of his actions--" Watty old boy, I want to talk seriously to yeou." "Oh botherl What is it ?" "It is a muatter which affects the welfare of yosr wile and child." "Of my wife and chlild?" said Walter nmu ingly. " Yes I ought to bring them up here. What does it matter how people will talk. Married for the last sev enteen years under an assumed name. After all it wsil onlyhr bhe a nine days wonder. Yes, you are quite right, Henry, I must bring them up at onces," "That is a very good resolution, bravol" cried Henry in his most honest and effusive style: Iam glad'to hear you talk like tlhat, but that is not what I was thinking about, dear boy." " Of what then?" "Have you made your will, Walter ?" "H'eo."" "Careless fellow." " Why I don't look like dying, do I ?" " ho, but we are all mortal, and if you were to die without making your will, see what possibilities of trouble might arise. You ought to think of your wife and daugh ter." " You are a good fellow Harry," said Walter impulsively, "let me do it at once; you're scribe enough for that I'm sure." "Of course I can do it," replied Harry slowly, "but had you not better get it done by a lawyer ?" "Oh, hang lawyers I They only confuse things. Three lies will do it. I'll leave all my property to Lucy, subject to the payment of £1000 a year to my wife, and a thousand a year to you old boy, and the thing is done.," "Well, yes, of course, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, I'll draw sp a will to-morrow." "Do, there's a good fellow, and then the thing will be of[ my m.ind." Hext day HeBorstayed at home, and Wal ter rode i"3o the township uplon some bulsiness. eicnry was very busy all day writing out the will, in the most elaborate legal style, with the Ihelp of some legal handbooks. Alfter writing out one will, hue wrote out aenotlher. In the first will he had disposed of the property as Walter Maitland instructed him. In tie second will, he transposed the namoes in subch a way, as to leave the bulk of the property to "my cousin, Hienry lMaitland," and one thousaod a year to Miss Jane lMor rieson, commonly knpwn as Mirs. Walter Brown. The two pieces of foolscap were exactly tlhe sanes in appearance to start with. Henry laitlnd, to still furthler increase the decep tion, made a series of elaborate, but appa renoly accidental, blotches upon the first will; and then, with a most commnendable patience, proceeded to make fac shnile blotches upon the second will. The two wills were In ap. Learance, identical. After he had finished his task, Henry went to the gun rack, took out Waiter's breech- loader, and took it down to thle blaeksmith's shop. There was nobody about, as Henry had sent the blacksmith to hang a gate, at the cztreme end of the run.. With some curious tools, he worked away jo, dustriouely, at the inside of the left hand barrel, until he was apparently satisafis-I, When he had finished, there was a perceptible crack, or groove, in the barrel, about six in ches from the breech. This crack he filled up with grease, until it was no longer to be seen, when looking through the barrel, and having finished his work to his entire satis faction, he returned to the house, and replaced the gun in the rack. When Walter returned in the evening, hlie read the will first written, with many groans at its length. "That is about what you want, isn't it?" asked Henry cheerfully. "Oh yes l" said Walter, throwing it on the table with a sigh of relief. "I suppose you lead better get in a couple of the men to witness it." Henry picked up the will, and walking carelessly over to the fire-place, rang tile bell. It did not require much sleighit-of-hand to conceal the will Walter lhad just read, and return to his sneat with the fac simile in his hland in place of the original. The hIousee inaid now alppeared in response to tle ring, and she was instructed to send Thompson, the overseer, and Blake, the boundary rider, in. The fraudulent will was lying on the table. In five minutes it was duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and in live minutes more it was securely locked up in Mr. Walter Maitland's Irivate safe. Then Mhr. Henry Maitland planned a shoot ing excursion for the following morning. The most expensive guns are not absolutely safe; and when Mr \\\alter Maitland's dead body was brought into thie house, Henry IMaitland said Ice would never have confidence in one of those newfangled breech-loaders again. CHAPTER III. Victor Levison's curiosity had been roused by thie remark of detective Smith as to the good-looking girl in the next carriage; and, therefore, when hlie found himself sitting op posite to the fair unknown, in a stuffy little cab, his first impulse was to try and get a look at her face. But in this he was com pIletely baulked, for the younglady persistently kept her face mutfiled up in a thick veil. "She has got a pretty foot at all events," said Victor to himself," and a beautiful figure. The pose of her head is simply superb, and what lovely hair; the very colour of Lucy's." All at once the thought rushedinto Victor's mind-the conviction almost-that it was indeed Lucy. His heart felt strangely op pressed; his breath came in short quick gasps; his face flushed, and his fingers seemed to burn and tremble with an eager longing to touch the hand, the dress, the hair of the sweet girl who seemed to efface herself in the farthest corner of the cab as if to keep as far away from hiim'as possible. Lucy, on her part,j knew Victor; and all iENUY mr~NIAD RODE ON IN~ FIO, WT,_ ',ITI Al NAIOEIC SI . l O DOh 1 l.ACE, A.qD hf]I1EII p qi HF4eT. her passionate love for him which, in the dear old days when there was no barrier between theng, had lseen fed sn honied words and kept alive by tepder caresses-whose banished joys it was now ats agqsy tq remember-nmade her bosom swell and her lheart hrolh paiisfully while she could hardly control the inqpqlse tc throw hIerself into her lover's arms, and sqb out her agony on his bosom. Hgr blood r cold the next moment, and her hoighly wrou?ht feelings found relief in a sigh which, but for her fear of betraying herself, would have been a moan. Victor felt as if he was standing on a preci I pice and was seized with a mad desire to fling himself over. Three or four times he openec his lips to speak an4 as often the unspoken thought died upos his lips. His heart beat furiously. If it was Iucy, ;sd he wllowed her to escape without speakissg t lher er deavouring to clear up the mystery of se sie appearance, he would curse his prudery as long as he lived. But, if the young lady w.s o a stranger, upon what possible pretext could he address her at all. And then it could not possibly be Lucy, or she would have spoken. Yet, in spite of aol his arguments against the possibility of its being the girl he loved, he feli serrounded and steeped in an atmosphere I chargied with emotions such as he only felt when in the presence of one woman. The situation was becoming painfully tense. Thie atmosphere of that cab was charged with love's electricity, and it is ditf cult to say what would have happened if a lighitning conductor, in the shape of Henry Maitlpnd had not entered the vehicle at that moment. Henry Maitland was on his way to Melbourne, and hIad Dpyrchased his ticket when he chanced to look into the lady's car. rioge. IHe saw Lucy, and his guilty gee science, ever gn the watch for posible i covery of his eieles, eade him syspect that Lualy's ap aratmee i the /stjict 4o?ed cv goond for i After he had accomplished his purpose eq cleverly of murdering his cousin Walter by manipulating his breech-leader so artistically, lie had interviewed Mrs. Walter Brown, Lucy's mother.. He explained to her the exnet position of affairs as a candid friend. :ie teplaietion was charming in its sim plicity, and could not possibly hlave deceived anyone but the simple-n?iode;d wvoman whom lie took the trouble to deceive. Acsordi'g to eim Walter WsitIsa~ had married Jane Morrison under n gssanned 'sene. 1Walter Brown, in fact, had arriei Jate fosrieu'. Walter Maitland had died, ?ond Walter gait land being also Walter Brown, it followed that Walter Brown had died. But nobodyI kneow Walter MIaitland as Walter Brown ex cept he himself, Henry Maitland; and he was not ppl? not going to identify Walter Mait lanOd ? Wlsitecr Brown, but he would abso lutely swear that no such identity existed. If she persisted in claiming Walter Maitland as her husband he would denounce her as an impostor, and swear that she, Mrs. Brown, was Walter Maitland's mistress; that hs knew Walter Brown well enough, and that he had simply disappeared in order to lend a colour to hier claim. He went so far as to say that she was not really married from the fact of her having married Maitland under the name of Brown. That Walter himoseh was aware of this, and as damning evidence of that he produced the will, in which he had left to Miss Jane Morrison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown, £1000 per annum. All this was like a hideous dream to Lucy's mother; and she was so overwhelmed with the aplparent completeness of the thing, that she was perfectly helpless and utterly in capable of seeing hier way out of the difficulty. The one hideous appalling fact that stood out boldly in all the entangled surroundings, and struck coldly to her heart and turned her head dizzy, was that she was not married to the father of the child, and that her child was a bastard. She dared not tell Lucy, but in her feverish mutterings whlen the terrible blow laid her upon a bed of sickness, her daughter gathered so much that she was compelled to tell hier all-and believing herself that she had been deceived, the sad story was imparted in such a way thlat Lucy Was compelled, in spite of herself, to think the same. It was a crushing blow to the poor girl. She was so proud of hier father, so fond of her mother. And to think that all this time her father had lived a lie I But when she thought of her love--of Victor-it almost drove hier mad. There was but one thling to be done. They miust dis appear from the scene and blot out the past; they could live where their story was un known. Parting with Victor was the severest trial, but she could inot endure the thought of linking hier sullied name to that of the man she loved too well to drag down to her level. Thus she wrote her parting letter to Victor, and this is why she dreaded his discovering her. Lucy and her mother had a hard struggle. She was now on her way to Bar gooma as governess to Mrs. Campbell, who knew the whole of her sad story. Henry Maitland, being a high-class villain, know that the fiction he had so industriously elaborated, would not stand investigation. As long as Lucy and her mother were alive there was danger. Lucy was even more dangerous than her mother; and, therefore, when he saw her in the railway carriage, and saw her afterwards take her seat in the cab which was to take her to the coach office, he changed his mind about going to Melbourne, and determined to find out her destination. With this object he also got into the cab; and if the reader wishes to know how long it takes to go through all the different emotions and life experiences which we have attempted to describe, and trace to their sources from tle begiqnipg * the chapter up to this point, the cabhnan, if he were pt the same time ob servant and truthful, would probably isiform hinr thpt thetise' was three minutes. The epta?ce af lenry laitlani jnto the cab yas a relefto tYitqr-aqd Lucy. jqt thpt he was 4 4esirg$le conpanior Iqt tlls esqotiosql currests were divepped, lgd both eycy Q4n Victor breathed more freely for 14is presence, although Lucy knew him and loathed him, while Victor didn't know him, and didn't want to know him. The cab drove up to the coach office; and as soon as the luggage was arranged, and the mails put on the rack, and in thr 3oot, and usder the seqts, and w''re they coqld find i plaed tosro thee, the coagh started ot ql O @7revi9g lfnshlP ?lora with the usuaj plpsge *f the' near syheeler, withpqt wisbul it is apparp tly ieruossible fo 1 dl Co. to get away. He was a craniy bgqte that near side wheeler, and Jack M'Iteo, thfe driver, told Victor-who was sitting alongside him-in a confidential whisper, that the ani mal was a " blooming fraud." There was another gentlemen on the box seat, and Lucy was inside, where, alsoe, Henry Maitland had elected to go. Although the weather for the last few days had been fine on the coast and a short dis tance inland, the country about Telora gave evidence of heavy rainfall. There had been steady rain for three or four days higher up the country also; and all the creeks were running bank high. The road crossed the valley of the Tclora creek, about ten miles out of the township. The creek had overflown its banks, and when the coach arrived at the edge of the water, it was evidcnt tha t it would take very careful piloting te gt through with safety. The cur est ee ngt rapid, aPd Wtle water tas riot n sret ltholeet dcd os the averag ; bui t nasty habit of inhdeen'o d blub clay, which forms t?e bed *4 u Ilfey, and if the coach, by accident, got into one of these holes, it would be a serious matter. All this was known to Henry Maitland, who was also perfectly acquainted with thetrackacross. A diabolical idea suddenly entered his head. If he ctuld entice the driver of the coach into i one of thes'huge e1 the inside passengers of Beh eqach vod Ise ertzisly drowned. lc, ore ppt f the wpay, he wohld 'l. The eqgobotagppe4 at fe pdgp *4 tre water. "Can any gentleaso drive the coach pfteg me through this swamp, if I get.a horse an? pilot the way," asked the driver, "I'll drive," said Victor, who was rather a good four-in-hand whip. "If you would allow me to make a sugges tion," said Mr. Maitland, "I think we can get over the difficulty. Doubtless this gentle man," referring to Victor, "is a proficient driver, but I think Jack had better stick to the ribbons. I will ride on, and act as pilot." "All right, old son," said Jack, "you're a trump; lhere comes Bobby with a horse; fire ahead I" and the coach went down steadily into the yellow turbulent water, while Henry IMaitland rode on in front, with an angelic smile upon his face, and murder in his heart. CHA'PTER IV. It was an exciting time. The turbid breadth of flood water, which looked so innocent and picturesque at a distance, took a new mean ing when it surged up against the wheels of the coach, and swirled angrily away on the other side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful prey. The near-side wheeler was restless and uneasy. Every now and again lie plunged his nose down into the turbid waters, and then flung it up with a jerk, as if he hlad seen a snake, snorting and plunging all the time evidently in the most abject terror. About thirty yards ahead of the coach, Henry MIaitland piloted the way. Thie coach was now about half-way across. " Hi I boss, ain't you going toomuch to tihe left ?" yelled the driver. " It's all right, you follow my track," called back Idaitland over his shoulder. " His track seems to me darned peculiar," muttered Jack under his breath, as he took a fresh hold of the near wheelerrs rein. Tile track zeao peculiar. Maitland seemed to be picking his way, going a little to the right and then to the left. Tile water left no trace of his passage, and the driver, in spite of himself, always kept following him in a bee line. They were within about two hundred yards of the landing place, when suddenly the near wheeler lost his footing. He was out of his doepth. Tile leaders had swerved to one side and bhad escaped the hole. Instantly the driver jammed down the break, and stopped the coach, which, of course, had only been going at a walking pace. Fortunately, the leaders were tractable, and stood still. The off-side wheeler instinctively reeognised his danger, and planting his feet firmly, held up against his struggling companion. The mo ?ment was one of imminent danger. The irantie horse plunged and reared, now feeling the bottom with his hind feet, and now plunging head foremost into the boiling water. His struggles were becoming weaker. In two minutes he would be drowned, but before that he would probably startle the other horses, and drag the coach into the abyss. Jack M'Lean dared not leave the reins. Victor, in the meantime, had got over the dash board and, at the risk of his life, was walking out on the pole to endeavor to loose the horse by unbuckling the reins and pole strap, and unhoolking tihe traces. The first step; however, qlong the pole, showed him that the thing was impossible. In an instant hi was back agais, and pluogging q5 the seat, he swam qp to the strqggljng animal, and be 84 qpeatioqs by trying to let go the traces. t lhey were so tightly drawn and tense, that his efforts were hopeless. Then he be thoqght him of his knife. With a few rapid strokes the traces, pole-strajs, and reins wars cut, and the half-drowned animal was free, and .uesPacy staggered up the bank, more dead tihan alive. Victor now turned his attention to the lady in the coach. Looking out of the window was the frightenied visage of a ttavelling Spreacher, whoie, comiqg thus far to preach the gospe4 to the heathen, was new msore anxiouse for the safety of his qwn body fron water thai the sehes qf thier pesple from fire. lieheed the parson who, to do him justice, had tried to keep up his own courage and comfort his follow passenger, stood Lucy, who had watched Victor throughout the excitise scene, her face white and her hands nponsoPilusly clasped in the attitude of sup plloation. Wading to the door, Victor opened it and said, simply: " Are you much frightened my darling 7" "I was not thinking of myself, Victor; only of you. It seemed so terrible streug gling in the water with that hall-maddened horse." They stood for a moment with tightly clasped hands. It was a moment of bliss. All the past was forgotten. Then Lucy gently withdrew her hands and shivered slighty, as the barrier between Victor and herself once more rose before her. "Comie, ily darling, I will carry you to the bank," seaid:her lover,. Hie took'her in his stronig arnms; and Victor was r~epaid for all the past twielvemonths of hope deferi?ed as he felt her flitterng'heart Ibea't agariisthis own. "Youe 'll never leave mine more," hq' w~ pered. "Oh, Victor I you don't know, you don't know . " And I don't want to know. All I know is that ! love you; and you told me once that you loved me; and we are going to be married in spite of creation; and we'll be married at Bargooma, for I wont trust you out of my i sight aqy mor; arid weI go awyay to Ts for *'honpymqs., aid li back iv pme a npead thy Chb4isia. holidaPs wjthi siy aId ?isis4 Cesplhell, ?o whose hqusg we are both gqing new if I am qe siistaken.' This was el a e4 with ao malch eieiop1 Iand in such a matter-ofecourse tone, that LJucy could only cry silently, while a great joy filled her soul, and she unconsciously nestled closer to the big heart of the man who was carrying her in his arms like a child. The lovers were so absorbed in their own affairs that they did not notice the presence of a well-appoinsd drag which just then drove up, drawn by four spanking bays, held well in hand by a cheerful-looking young gentleman of about fifty summers, whose white hairs seemed absurdly out of place when taken in connection with his sparkling eyes and jovial, boyish-looking face. "Bravo Victor I Well done my boy l" then hlie added, in a serio-comic tone, "bless you both, my children." "Hallo Campbell l is that you ?" "All that is left of me. And this young lady is Mhiss Brown, I know from her photo graph. Jump up both of you; and if that villain Firestick will stop plunging for half a second, I'll shake hands with you in the in terval. Now, my boy, you look uncommonly like a drowned rat-excuse my flattering simile--so we'll drive over to Simpsons for a change of clothes, and then we'll make Bar gooma at the rate of fifteen miles an hour'" "But what about the luggage?" "Oh I that'll be all right. I'll leave word of the accident as we pass the company's stables, and they will send assistance." \Vhen they arrived at Bargooma they were cordially welcomed by Mrs. Campbell, who kissed Lucy as if she were an old friend, and insisted upon her going straight to bed after tea. The next few days passed pleasantly for Lucy in a life which was entirely new to her. Victor learned from Mrs. Campbell the secret which, in Lucy's estimation, raised such a barrier between himself and her. The know ledge only helped to endearherto him themore. He pleaded so earnestly that at length she consented to become his wife. In the mean time he determined to probe the mystery to the bottom. He communicated with detec tive Smith, who immediately made an exami nation of the books of the Registrar, and found the marriage duly recorded of Walter Brown and Jane Morrisson. The difficulty, of course, was to identify Walter Maitland with Walter Brown. There would have been of course, no difliculty immediately after the death of Walter, for those who knew him under either name could have identified the body as belonging to the man they knew under either designation and the mystery would have been solved. But now that he had been dead for over a year, such a solution was impossible. Detective Smith who had come up to Bar gooma was at his wits end. Victor was striving after impossible combinations of the most intricate theories, when the whole thing was put into a nutshell by a very innooent re mark by Mrs. Camp bell. "Have yon a photo graph of your father, my dear?" she said to Lucy. Lucy produced a pho tograph of her late father, Walter Brown. Mrs. Campbell had in her album a photo. graph of Walter hMait land. They were not from the same negative, nor by the same artist; but there was no mis taking the identity of theoriginal. Thephoto graph of Walter Brown and that of Walter Maitland were both taken from the same individual. "The ap paratus oan't lie" and the ipse dizil of the sun is indisputable Inde pendentlyofthegeneral likeness which strikes the eye, there is the reproduction of every line and scar and mark and mierosco cally minute fissure with ab solute exactness. Not two faces in a million arethesamein oneline. But, since the creation of the world, if all the faces that ever saw the light were compared, on two faces would be found that had all the lines the same. The photograph and the microscope together are infallible. The mystery was a mystery no lon ger. After the ladies had retired, the three gentle men continued the dis cussion. "What is your opinion of the mat ter, Smith ?" said Vic tor. "What sort of a man was Walter Maitland?" said the detective, dad dressing Mr. Campbell. "A thoroughly hon. ourable man; but one of the most careless easy going fellows that ever I met, alsd completely dominated by the superior in tellect of his cousin Henry." "Then," said tile detective, in a thoughltful tone, "he nevaer sig?ned that will with the knowledge of its tenour. It is my opinion that Walter Mait. land has been duped; and his death, on tile follow ingdv, makes me think that he was also murdered." f'y whom ? " asked Mr. Campbell, eagerly.\ " By the man who benefitted most by his death," CHAPTER V. Henry Maitland's property adjoined Bargooma. The two houcesteads were about five miles apart. MSitland was not much of a sportsman himself he uas toe icee asd too eager in his pursuitB of wealth to indulge in such rPolittes; out, with his usual econning, he pretended an enthusiasm which he did niot feel for sport, in order to keep up his assumed character of bluff carelessness and good nature. On his property, however, nwere many places famous as the fapourite haunts of snipe. The Brst shooting of the season was generally to She obtained along thue sxck-hannted creeks, and round the edges of the rch swamps of Yambaar, which was the name of is etation. Since the death of Wlter Maitland there were strange whispers as to the peculiar life led by the present proprietor, Heoury Maitland. Althbugh, wien he mixed withl the n ighbours, or when his business took him into theonearest township, there was no apparent differes in the man, it was rumoured that he shut biisel up periodically, and had prolonged bouts of a4itory drinking. One day, about a fort.ghlt after the arrival of Victor asd Lucy at Bgooma, Henry MIaitland rode over, to invite Mr. iampbell and his friends to a days dnipe-shootinu Lucy had no suspicil that hIeas her father's murderer; hult she kalw the part he had coted after her father's deat and she shuddered as he i|sisted upon slakin hands with her, after the formal ceremouy of reduction. Victor Levison an Detective Smith ihad their own reasons for ap ring oui friendly terms with the man whose crinm they were endeavourl g to trace. They did not ris to arouse his suspieiots, and therefore tlley a depted his invitationuwith ap. part pleasure. "You will bring lthe ladies too, Cimpbloh," sa4 !tnlt0d, in pahting, " we will mo aea g i ie'{ it. It is lot often that I hkve the pleasuru sochuti g as oidst to fair ladies." Thus skying lie doffne lie lint *ith tih grie of a cai'shio-, end casntere4.off, 't le beau ideal of a guood-natured,'?jdial, eacuoss gcstlemqu. h att a consummatd Iypocrite tile mqu must hoe,!' eai? Victor. "o ?!liu e 4oceiy'es inolody," uietyremrked the bost, " lie cisnuot puns gntly wear the sashsk, msid e?ri4y suo, gin4 tloln the veil is lifled, by s e slight epress, a look, a word, the tuns of a sentence, whichl reveals the hiidden thought; he is most disliked by ilose who know him best." "Well, I suppose we will go over to Yambaar to-morrow 7" "I think so; we may possibly hear something, q, ho any. ruse, pq cen hvgre some good sport, w z tr?'tl diswl ej) ie uprtoet" e dor, qnd poin the P were sete hi the dres. It was s orious ctober monihg. A sljglt shfuwr die ppevioua sligtl4tlm e the gir appear mor, balmy than nsual, with the scent of light wood and wattle blossoms. As they drove down the long avenne, the heavy odour, wafted from the well-kept gsrden,'proelaimed the presence of the sweat-scented boronia, overpowering its more deli cate neighbour, the Daphne. As far as the eye could reach, a rich mantle of em.emld green spread, out in . tle unilulations, while.?uaped about m pleasing irregularity, the graceful Ightw~d added a charm of i own to the landorape. At varying distances, and in every direction, the gleam of water caught the eye, as little Lakes of fsntastic shapes, some of which were of great depth, and others merely shallow depreusions, receved the rays of the rtsing sun, and reflected them to the eye of the hbsere Tn leaves of the tall white paams, puarbled like diamond-studded traee of fayland; as tie slight breeze made the leaves quiver, and the adherent rain-drops also caught the white sun-rays, and re fleeted them back in the many-celonred hues of the rainbow. The air was vibrating with the various nounds, and heavy with -the exquisite. odoenr of a Spring moroing in the Australian lush. Tile musical note of the magpie reverher ted from every" tree, and the daring songst? r only stopped his seet note ocasionally, nwhile he made a savsge dart at anyone who dared to come near the nest whiere his mate was attending to her young brood. At a safe distance, groups of solemn-looking native companions could be seen, engaged in piceinlg op the early worm, while every non and again they would sound a note of alarm, and then set to partners and chassf, to teach each other, lihe amiab e lunatics, dancing, on attena ated atiits. In the nmeantime the hany were going long in fne style, and their reglar patter patter on the turf made a joyoues mnskie, which chimed i with hll the sunrrondings of a glorious morning and sent the lileblood of old ad yan hondeu ding thlrough the veins like ?niehsclrer. Henry Mait. lad met them at the door of his honse, but the party did not enter. The happy hunting grounds r unrthere on, so they immediately made a start for the Warraraswkk u am i There wasn a tent already pitehed, and the ladies were leift to sketeh d amse themselves, and woile the sportesmen proceeded to the spot wherem te snilpe wern seen. It looked a very likely spot Indeed. A rieh, ack na rismI th plaenty a caer. Here syd there were conum?o of acaeiae, while rond the edge of the swamp, gnt red-gma spoke of continnos moisture. esently, ssMaitland's dog --a good enoogh-looking pointer, bht badly breken blundered ahead, and startled a eouple of lwtce of snipe, which rose with a whirr oteof range, and made straight for the other end of the wamp. Maitland colled in his dog with a cure; snd he pat his gan asddenly to his shoelder, as if'to, shoot thle animal, hut thought better of it, and contented himnell with throwing a stone at him. Presently, the snipe began to rise in ones sad twos, and the gems were banging away merrily. Victor was a good shot, and made some heillignt esecution with his right and leftobarrel; h, for steady and unerring precision, he had to yield'to Camphoel, who never missed with his right, and rarely with his left. Maitland shot iurlyin his turn heating Detective Smith, whsse uhoojing e-identlyindacoted want of practire. The mipe were now rising thick and fast, and theae was an almost continuona fisillade, which at length reased, as the birds thwt remained took flight for another swa?mp sbhot two miles distnt. Before returning to the ladies, theeportmen sat. down to indulge in a smoke and to eount the game in their hga. There was the usualporting talk, largely egotistical, and wonderfully tmag. native as torem skahle nhota, which appears toe a necessity on these occasions; but with this we will not irouble the swader, Henry Mstland' seemed in no very amniable mood. The oeanverwa tion had turned into a channel which did not please hlim. It hinged open the wonderfol wayon which mnrder is broaght'to light. Detective. Smith was ~fll of pleasing aneedotes as to the fortuiton way in which evidence is sometimes forthcoming. He instanced a ease where a nephew had murdered his untle because the aid man was too long i dyini. The uncle had sp, parently been Illed by falling down a well. The nephew was his heir, and sashmed soh a natral '' appearance of chastened rief, thatno suspliton of foulplay amrse, andthe old man wao s burled. Bu the nephew seemed haunrted with some hind of horrid fascination i talking about the death of his nole-mad in comhattin an idea which o body buht himself had entertned;that his death wasother than accidetal. Thenatho nephew be an todriok, and senaneecpressloen fell iomeh ' i lips while half mandlbn. Publin suspicion was amrused, the whole of the orrounding of the aflkir were minutely examined. Faint liaks of . evidence werseesmalatedll pointing In the con direction; at length the hody was disintered. Clotched in the hands of the dead man were die covered a few hairs, which a mieresopi eiami nation proved to belong to the nephew. 'This was the last linkinthe chain. "Bah!"'brokein Maitland.withs oure; "this is the old goody-goody story of the nursery, under a new form. Of conrse the nephew eommitted suicide, and then lived long enough to confess. I, krnow all about it." "No, my dear sir," contined Smith, ietly, "he did not commit suicide and confess. ecas found guilty and hanged." sfailtead rose rth a mutteredimprecation, and etrode towards his ian, which had left leaning against a tree. In le way he came within reach of his unfortunate dog, and he vented hit wrath upon the animal by giving it a vicionus hidc. The poor brte .with a yelp of agony, rushed away; and, in isi fSight, knocked.over his master's gun, which, expioding as it fell, the charge straek - Ifaitland in the head, and he fell to .the gronnd apparently a lifeless corpse. CHAPTER VI. For days Hoenry saitland lay In a semi-con. secionus state.. The charge had struck him in the temple and literally blown a piece of the skull sway, exposing the Israio. The gm, whee it ea ploded, was within a few feet of hum, and thus the charge had not time to scatter. It wasnoted by the servants, and commented upon by them in awe struck whispers, that the wound was in the same spot exactly as that which killed Walter Maitland. When, at length, he'came to state of consecio?s. ness, it was ev-ident that his recovey was hopeless. But the feelings of the wretched man. were strangely, mixed with shame and remorse, when he found that the constant and watchful attend ants who ministered to him in his helplessness and agony, wner Lucy and her ther hrmough ail sis delirium, visions of an angel faeeand solt pitying eyes had floated thrnoughhis branlo, mixed withl some horrible phantasmagoria of his past evil life. The one, the bright vision, was the reality of Lucy; the other horrid spectres were the past impressions of his evil deeds which had left their indelible imprint pon his soul, and which were revified hy the approach of death. But in al his delisum he had nevmr dropped a hint of the terrible tragedy snffiiently clear toen lighten Lucy or her mother. He babbled of burst. cig guns in a language that, to them, was ineom. prelensible. Bnut when Vitor Levison r and Dete. t1ce bocmai,. heard him, there was a flood of ligh thrown upon the dark past. 1 Malen y Baitlnd had lived he wonuld have been in danger of the gal. lows; hut he did not live, and, baefor he died, confessed his crimes--not to Lucy, he could not do that-hobut to his neighbour Campbell, who took his dying depositions. Before his death he wanted to make a will, leaving the whole of the property to Lucy and her mother; but this was cona siderod unnecessary, as the identifcation of Walter Brown with Walter Maitland had established the status of wife and danuhter, and the property of the late Walter Maitlani of right belonged to them. Victor Lcrison and Lucy watland were married in November. There were great rejoicings at Bargooma; and the woolshed was turned into a haU.rome ihere all the hearers, sand boundsry- riders, and smart young men for twenty miles around brought theic girls and daooed till daylight. And then the smart young men put their pretty girl partners on horseback, or into buggies, or waggonettes, or whateser mode of rocveyane they preferred, and took them hiome through the cool November morning, beore the hot sun had time to dry up the sparkling dew-drops from the grass whlich waved so cool and green all around them. The bride and bridegroom departed for Tasmania; but they came back in time to eat their Christmas dinner at Yambaar, where the old lady had taken up tier abode. Of course, the Camphells were there, and lots of other frienrds acid, although it was too hot for dancing, they hIc. lawn tennis and creuet in thieevening. Ased it wvo iott oe t|iot sit oin the ve s;dih'in4 talk hi n'd listin to uify and other li!n p s gests , s 'nt4 e o tc ofm aic of plahyig cqrts, or sther In?-dno r oanbeo. Ten y~r Is ispe olled away sqees the eldants we ave reote~took na dce; tmevery year, after tles shearing is inishel, the woolaheed at Ytmrar is cleared for Iane. Thie few repoaining wool aoles tmat ire not gor?e to town sarn as sua: porte for ia,ng tailes, where a gorpeons supper is aot outt the visRtors are hunig wth festooes of |ower?s cned tlosops, and a hand of mmsiv from the nearest towlshilt sets a hundred ooulels ill nieion to its inspinng strains. The dancing is vigorous, aid in good time, for the oiqfnd s of Sambaar and surrounding stations eve all deroteea f Terpaichore. Mr. and Mrs. Lerisun are there for the first half-hoer or so, and with them are a couple of sturdy boys, who look on with wonder tad tdmirotio, at the gorgeous vision of Jino and ?4ary-Ann, the honaemaidol sad Bone, the cook I and Eqsphemia, the nurse; flying round in - Ihe args of their respetive lovers, to the intoxie cathc atrains of the Btulu Danuba," 