THE MAITLANDS. + By FBANK MOBLEY. " Well, good bye, old fellow. I wish I could go with you. I hear the snipe are very thick up at Bargooma, don't forget to send me down a few brace if you have any luck." " I won't forget," said Victor Levison to his friend Inspector Smith, of the Detective force who had accompanied him as far as the Spencer-street Station. " And, I say, old boy," continued the detective, who looked more like a doctor or a lawyer, than a member of the force," don't be making love to the pretty girl in the next carriage who, I accidentally heard, is bound for the same hospitable house as yourself." " No fear of that " said Levison with a smile; " you know I am a confirmed woman hater." " I loiow you say so; but mctliinks you do protest too much sometimes." " I never was more in earnest; and, if it was not that I had promised my old friend Campbell to pay him a visit, I should feel half inclined to postpone my holiday until I was sure that the coast was clear of girls who are the special plagues sent by an unkind providence to punish us for our sins." Victor Levison was a handsome young fellow of five and twenty, and as the train moved away from the Spencer-street Station, he lay back with a half resigned half melancholy air and lit a cigar which he smoked in a semi- unconscious fashion while he gazed out at the shifting panorama which he evidently saw only with his physical organs, while his spiritual faculties were engaged in some introspective problems. He looked a very well-to-do gentleman too; and one upos whom the eares of this world sate lightly. Above the middle height, well formed and athletic, there was something in his face which denoted the man of thought as well as of action. There was a frank look in his clear grey eyes that inspired confidence, while they had a knack of blazing up suddenly at any excitement, or sparkling with fun when the oeeasion offered, which formed a happy contrast to their liabitual look of calm thoughtfulness. The second son of Gilbert Levison, Victor had chosen the profession of a barrister, and if he had only devoted his energies and talents to his profession, he would probably have made his mark in it; but he was something of a dreamer, and, if he had decided for the law, it was only to escape from a profession even more distasteful. He courted the muses, which was sufficient te put him outside the pale of decent society; and men who dealt in coals by the wholesale, or who trafficked in beef and mutton, while still in the condition of bullocks and sheep, or who made their fortunes by the careful selection of ewes and rams, looked upon him with a sort of contemptuous pity, as much as to say : *' well, there's a clever sort of ne'er-do-weel, who writes books and poems and that sort of trash instead of buying and selling and making money—he'll come to no good!" This sort of thing in the abstract, did not annoy Victor Levison—it rather amused him; but when it came to interfering between him and the girl he loved, it caused a bitterness in his heart, which occasionally found vent in bitter and caustic words, and intensified the feeling of antagonism already existing. " I wonder who the girl is, that Smith spoke of," murmured Levison, as he pitched his cigar out of the window, and yawned pro - digiously. "Going to Archie Campbell's is she ? Governess perhaps; and good-looking, Smith nays. Well if she is—and I must say Smith has a tolerable taste in womankind— I may perhaps fall in love with her, out of sheer spite. Yet I can't help thinking that there must have been some underhand inlluence at work, to make Lucy break off our engagement. The last time I saw her, poor girl, she seemed neatly heart- broken. I swear she loves me, and I know I love her; then what the , . . but there? cursing won't mend matters—let me read her letter again." " Dearest Victor— If you knew the grief that fills my heart while I write this letter, which is to release you from our engagement, you would pity me. I am torn between my love and my duty. I love you, Victor, I love you; and I am not afraid to say so, for you are gcod and noble, and I gave you my heart, when you told me, in your own sweet passionate words, tliat you loved me. Oh, Victor, do not think harshly of me. Bear with me, though I cannot reveal to you the cause of our separation. It is—it must be, God help me—enough that I can never marry you. My load is sulliciently heavy to bear in parting with you, without feeling that you think unkindly of me. Let us meet no more, for I fear myself. My tears blot out the words, as I write farewell.—Your own, Lucy." " Poor girl 1" said Levison, as he kissed the letter, wliile a not unmanly tear mingled with those of his love which already stained the unconscious paper, " poor girl 1 it is now nearly twelve months since she wrote that letter, and I have never heard of her since in spite of the utmost efforts of Inspector Smith and the whole of the detective staff. I wonder what can be the duty she talks about. I expect some of her relations have been telling her that I am not exactly orthodox—a sort of Bohemian, which, to some minds, is equivalent to heathen—and she considers it her duty to tear herself away from the world, the flesh, and—the aovil ic lLo oj; ^yodf. U^C lliw,, far as I know, she had 110 relations except her father and mother; the father I never met, and although the old lady was extremely orthodox, albeit, I must confess, a little vulgar, it never struck me that she had any objections to a Bohemian son-in-law. Well 1 well! I give it up," and Victor Levison resigned himself with a sigh to the task of smoking a second cigar. In the meantime the train sped 011 its way at the usual high rate of speed adopted on the Victorian liailways of about ten miles an hour, pulling up every eight or nine miles to put down or take up some passenger, and making the most hideous and blood-curdling noises at every stoppage, with an abominable contrivance which is dignified with the name of a break, l'ast interminable paddocks enclosed by post and rail fences, wherein sheep and cattle glazed in peace, apparently indifferent to the huge monster which rushed frantically by them belching forth fire and smoke ; past queer little melancholy looking huts, like glorified dog kennels, standing in solitary grandeur on bleak-Jooking plains, and each bearing witness to the former existence of a free selection, and the present existence of a freehold dummy block; past miles upon miles of rich grazing land, where Ilerefords and short-horns waxed fat, while tiieir owners were kicked by the friends of the people to eke out the balance of the proverb ; past Stale schools, where the rising generation stopped playing for a moment or two to cheer the locomotive on its way, or yell defiance at the monster according to their humour for the time being ; past level crossitgs where queer old cripples, who were helpless enough to be members of Parliament, opened and shut the gates as if opening and shutting gates was the chief end of man; past grand-looking mansions, each of which some simple-minded squatter had built up in defiance of all the canons of ait, and most of whom had died shortly after the erection of these palatial structures ; past, or rather through endless miles of black wattles, planted apparently for the sole purpose of some day, adding fuel to a huge bush-fire, fated to consume passengers and train in one vast holocaust ; and then, after having religiously stopped fifteen times in less than a hundred and fifty miles, the panting engine pulls up at a sort of one-horse station, which is for the lime being a terminus. Victor Levison was aroused from a reverie by the demand for his ticket, and then he found himself at the mercy of the cabaien who quarrelled over his gun-case and portmanteau and rug, until, having settled their dispute in their own way, he found himself seated in a melancholylooking cab vis a vis to the fair incognito, whose destination was the same as his own. CHAPTER II. Edward Maitland was a wealthy landed proprietor in one of the richest pastoral districts of Victoria. He had one son, Walter, of whom he was not a little proud, but with whom he was, perhaps, a little severe. Maitland pare was extremely afraid of his son Walter making a nwmlliance—possibly, because he himself had married his father's cook, and was afraid that such little peculiarties were hereditary. However that may be, Walter was perfectly certain, that if he did marry beneath him, his father would straightway cast him off with the proverbial shilling. This was probably the reason why, with that strange perversity that makes the majority of people long for the precise thing that they are warned to shun, Mr. Walter Maitland fell over head and ears in love with the pretty daughter of John Morrison, a poor but honest selector in Gipps Land. Walter was a romantic youth in those days—he was but twenty years of age—and it afforded him a strange and fearful delight to masquerade in his shooting excursions under the name of Walter Brown. Under the name of Walter Brown he married pretty Jane Morrison, and straightway took a snug little cottage for her in a suburb of Melbourne, There is no use of living under circumstances which savour of the romantic, unless it is done properly; and, therefore, Walter made up his mind that he would keep his wife ignorant of what he considered his exalted origin until he became his own master. In the meantime, he gave out that he was a commercial traveller for a soft goods house in the city. This was a very soft thing, indeed, if it had been analysed; but Mrs. Brown knew no more about softgoods than Mr. Brown, and she was, of course, under the impression that, when her husband was away visiting the paternal acres, he was perambulating the country in those gorgeous vehicles so much affected by commercial gentlemen. The only person who knew of the little comedy, besides Walter himself, was his cousin, Henry Maitland. Years rolled on, but Mr. Walter Maitland, much to the surprise of his aristocratic friends, remained a confirmed bachelor. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Brown were blessed with onefair daughter, whom the perspicuous reader will immediately recognise as Lucy, who so strangely disappeared from the ken of her lover, Victor Levison. The auspicious birth of a daughter made an additional attraction to the romantic dove cote of Mr. Walter Brown alias Maitland. But Walter continued the even tenor of his way. He was happy in his cottage as Walter Brown, and he was happy on his father's station as Walter Maitland. In either case he was a happy-go-lucky, careless, romantic dog, who hugged his own little mystery to his own heart, and never thought that any harm would come of it. All in good time he would appear as the prince in the fairy tale, and carry his astonished wife and no less astonished child to his palatial and ancestral home. But when one, with the best intentions in the world, begins telling lies, or living lies, things don't 'pan out,' properly always. Ten years after his marriage his father died and he succeeded to the property. Now, whether it was that he was ashamed of his wife; or whether, as some have whispered, that he had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that he was too easy going to alter the life which had grown habitual to him we cannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father, and up to the time of his own—accidental death we wore going to say, but deliberate murder is the phrase required—he continued his dual existence. Walter was always an easy going, honest, careless soul; and we don't believe a word about the rumoured second wife. His faults were numerous enough; but his principal weakness v/as a pernicious habit of ' letting things slide,' and shunting off work of any kind and responsiblities of all kinds 011 to other shoulders. The pair of shoulders which took the most of this work were those of his cousin Henry. Henry Maitland was a clever man with a keen, dark eye which, to a close observer, had a slightly treacherous look, and his face, when he was not wearing his society mask, had a hungry avaricious expression. A good physiognomist would have said that he was a miser ; a good phrenologist would have put him down as a first class murderer ; they would both have been right. Henry Maitland had a badly balanced head. He had an abnormal development of two organs— very useful in their place but dangerous when in excess—acquisitiveness and destructiveness. Henry Maitland was Walters only surviving relative. If Walter died intestate he would succeed to the property. The only thing that stood in the way was the wife and daughter. How to get over this aiiucuHy w<4.3 tije question. " Watty old boy," said Henry with the assumption of bluff heartiness and good humour, which he adopted always when not absolutely alone—this assumption of good natured roughness was the mask under which he found it most convenient to do the meanest of his actions—" Watty old boy, I want to talk seriously to you." "<Jh bother 1 What is it " It is a matter which affects the welfare of your wife and child." " Of my wife and child?" said Walter muingly. " Yes I ought to bring them up here. What does it matter how people will talk. Married for the last seventeen years under a)} assumed name. After all it will only be a nine days wonder. Yes, you are quite right, Henry, I must bring them up at once." " That is a very good resolution, bravo!" cried Henry in his most honest and effusive style: I am glad to hear you talk like that, but that is not what I was thinking about, dear boy." 41 Of what then?" 41 Have you made your will, Walter ?" " No." " Careless fellow." " Why I don't look like dying, do I ?" " No, but we are all mortal, and if you were to die without making your will, see what possibilities of trouble might arise. You ought to think of your wife and daughter." " You are a good fellow Harry," said Walter impulsively, " let me do it at once ; you're scribe enough for that I'm sure." " Of course I can do it," replied Harry slowly, " but had you not better get it done by a lawyer ?" " Oh, hang lawyers 1 They only confuse things. Three lines will do it. I'll leave all my property to Lucy, subject to the payment of £1000 a year to my wife, and a thousand a year to you old boy, and the thing is done." " Well, yes, of cour.se, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, I'll draw up a will to-morrow." " Do, there's a good fellow, and then the thing will be off my mind." Next day Henry stayed at home, and Walter rode into the townsliij) upon some business. Henry was very busy all day writing out the will, in the most elaborate legal style, with the help of some legal handbooks. After writing out one will, he wrote out another. In the first will he had disposed of the property as Walter Maitland instructed him. In the second will, he transposed the names in such a way, as to leave the bulk of the property to " my cousin, Henry Maitland," and one thousand a year to Miss Jane Morrison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown. The two pieces of foolscap were exactly the same in appearance to start with. Henry Maitland, to still further increase the deception, made a series of elaborate, but apparently accidental, blotches upon the first will; and then, with a most commendable patience, proceeded to make fac simile blotches upon the second will. The two wills were in appearance, identical. After he had finished his task, Henry went to the gun rack, took out Walter's breech-loader, and took it down to the blacksmith's shop. There was nobody about, as Henry had sent the blacksmith to hang a gate, at the extreme end of the run. With some curious tools, he worked away industriously, at the inside of the left hand barrel, until lie was apparently satisfied. When he had finished, there was a perceptible crack, or groove, in the barrel, about six inches from the breech. This crack he filled up with grease, until it was no longer to be seen, when looking through the barrel, and having finished his work to his entire satisfaction, he returned to the house, and replaced the gun in the rack. When Walter returned in the evening, he read the will first written, with many groans at its length. "That is about what you want, isn't it?" asked Henry cheerfully. " Oh yes 1" said Walter, throwing it on the table with a sigh of relief. " I suppose you had better get in a couple of the men to witness it." Henry picked up the will, and walking carelessly over to the fire-place, rang the bell. It did not require much sleight-of-hand to conceal the will Waiter had just read, and return to his seat with the fac simile in his hand in place of the original. The housemaid now appeared in response to the ring, and she was instructed to send Thompson, the overseer, and Blake, the boundary rider, in. The fraudulent will was lying on the table. In five minutes it was duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and in five minutes more it was securely locked up in Mr. Walter Maitland's private safe. Then Mr. Henry Maitland planned a shooting excursion for the following morning. The most expensive guns are not absolutely sale ; and when Mr W alter Maitland's dead body was brought into the house, Henry Maitland said he would never have confidence in one of those new-fangled breech-loaders again. CHAPTER III. Victor Levison's curiosity had been roused by the remark of detective Smith as to the good-looking girl in the next carriage ; and, therefore, when he found himself sitting opposite to the fair unknown, in a stuffy little cab, his first impulse was to try and get a look at her face. But in this he was completely baulked, for the young lady persistently kept her face muffled up in a thick veil. "She has got a pretty foot at all events," said Victor to himself," and a beautiful figure. The pose of her head is simply superb, and what lovely hair ; the very colour of Lucy's." All at once the thought rushed into Victor's mind—the conviction almost—that it was indeed Lucy. His heart felt strangely oppressed; his breath came in short quick gasps; his face flushed, and his fingers seemed to burn and tremble with an eager longing to touch the hand, the dress, the hair of tiie sweet girl who seemed to efface herself in the farthest corner of the cab as if to keep as far away from himjas possible. Lucy, on her part,J knew Victor; and all her passionate love for him which, in the dear old days when there was no barrier between them, had been fed on honied words and kept alive by tender caresses—whose banished joys it was now an agony to remember—made her bosom swell and her heart throb painfully while she could hardly control the impulse to throw herself into her lover's arms, and sob out her agony 011 his bosom. Her blood ran cold the next moment, and her highly wrought feelings found relief in a sigh which, but for her fear of betraying herself, would have been a moan. Victor felt as if he was standing on a precipice and was seized with a mad desire to fling himself over. Three or four times he opened his lips to speak and as often the unspoken thought died upon his lips. His heart beat furiously. If it was Lucy, and lie allowed her to escape without speaking to her and endeavouring to clear up the mystery of her disappearance, he would curse liis prudery as long as lie lived. But, if the young lady was a stranger, upon what possible pretext could he address her at all. Ajid then it could not possibly be Lacy, or she would have spoken. Yet, in spite of all his arguments against the possibility of its being the girl he loved, he felt surrounded and steeped in an atmosphere charged with emotions such as he only felt when in the presence of one woman. The situation was becoming painfully tense. The atmosphere of that cab was charged with love's electricity, and it is difficult to say what would have happened if a lightning conductor, in the shape of Henry Maitland had not entered the vehicle at that moment. Henry Maitland was on his way to Melbourne, and had purchased his ticket when he chanced to look into the lady's carriage. He saw Lucy, and his guilty conscience, ever on the watch for possible discovery of his crimes, made him suspect that Lucy's appearance in the district boded no good for him. After he had accomplished his purpose so cleverly of murdering his cousin Walter by manipulating his breech-loader so artistically, he had interviewed Mrs. Walter Brown, Lucy's mother. He explained to her the exact position of affairs as a candid friend. His explanation was charming in its simplicity, and could not possibly have deceived anyone but the simple-minded woman whom he took the trouble to deceive. According to him Walter Maitland had married Jane Morrison under an assumed name. Walter Brown, in fact, had married Jane Morrison. Walter Maitland had died, and Walter Maitland being also Walter Brown, it followed that Walter Brown had died. But nobody knew Walter Maitland as Walter Brown except he himself, Henry Maitland ; and he wag not only not going to identify Walter Maitland as Walter Brown, but he would abso- lately swear that no each identity existed. If she persisted in claiming Walter Maitland as her husband he would denounce her as an impostor, and swear that she, Mre. Br«wn, was Walter Maitland's mistress; that he knew Walter Brown well enough, and that he had simply disappeared in order to lend a colour to her claim. He went so far as to eay that she was not really married from the fact of her having married Maitland under the name of Brown. That Walter himself was aware of this, and as damning evidence of that he produced the will, in which he had left to Miss Jane Morrison, commonly known as Mrs, Walter Brown, £1000 per annum. All this was like a hideous dream to Lucy's mother ; and she was so overwhelmed with the apparent completeness of the thing, that she was perfectly helpless and utterly incapable of seeing her way out of the difficulty. The one hideous appalling fact that stood out boldly in all the entangled surroundings, and struck coldly to her heart and turned her head dizzy, was that she was not married to the father of the child, and that her child was a bastard. She dared not tell Lucy, but in her feverish mutterings when the terrible blow laid her upon a bed of sickness, her daughter gathered so much that she was compelled to tell her all—and believing herself that she had been deceived, the sad story was imparted in such a way that Lucy was compelled, in spite of herself, to think the same. It was a crushing blow to the poor girl. She was so proud of her father, so fond of her mother- And to think that all this time her father had lived a he 1 But when she thought of her love—of Victor—it almost drove her mad. There was but one thing to bo done. They must disappear from the scene and blot out the past; they could live where their story was unknown. Parting with Victor was the severest trial, but she could not endure the thought of linking her sullied name to that of the man she loved too well to drag down to her level. Thus she wrote her parting letter to Victor, and this is why she dreaded his discovering her. Lucy and her mother had a hard struggle. She was now on her way to Bargooma as governess to Mrs. Campbell, who knew the whole of her sad story. Henry Maitland, being a high-class villain, knew that the fiction he had so industriously elaborated, would not stand investigation. As long as Lucy and her mother were alive there was danger. Lucy was even more dangerous than her mother ; and, therefore, when he saw her in the railway carriage, and saw her afterwards take her seat in the cab which was to take her to the coach office, he ohanged his mind about going to Melbourne, and determined to find out her destination- \--• " ^g With thia object he also got into the cab ; and if the reader wishes to know how long it takes to go through all the different emotions and life experiences which we have attempted to describe, and trace to their sources from the beginning of the chapter up to this point, the cabman, if he were at the same time observant and truthful, would probably inform him that the time was three minutes. The entrance of Henry Maitland into the cab was a relief to Victor and Lucy. Not that he was a desirable companion, but the emotional currents were diverted, and both Lucy and Victor breathed more freely for his presence, although Luey knew him and loathed him, while Victor didn't know him, and didn't want to know him. The cab drove up to the coach office; and as soon as the luggage was arranged, and the mails put on the rack, and in the boot, and under the seats, and wherever they could find a place to stow them, the coach started out of the thriving township of Telora with the usual plunge of the near wheeler, without which, it is apparently impossible for Cobb & Co. to get away. He was a cranky brute that near side wheeler, and Jack M'Lean, the driver, told Victor—who was sitting alongside him—in a confidential whisper, that the animal was a " blooming fraud." There was another gentlemen on the box seat, and Lucy was inside, where, also, Henry Maitland had elected to go. Although the weather for the last few days had been fine on the coast and a short distance inland, the country about Telora gave evidence of heavy rainfall. There had been steady rain for three or four days higher up the country also ; and all the creeks were running bank high. The road crossed the valley of the Telora creek, about ten miles out of the township. The creek had overflown its banks, and when the coach arrived at the edge of the water, it was evident that it would take very careful piloting to get through with safety. The current was not rapid, and the water was not more than four feet deep on the average; but these floods, which look so innocent, have a nasty habit of working deep holes in the blue clay, which forms the bed of the valley, and if the coach, by accident, got into one of these holes, it would be a serious matter. All this was known to Henry Maitland, who was also perfectly acquainted with the track across. A diabolical idea suddenly entered his head. If lie could entice the driver of the coach into one of these huge holes, the inside passengers of the coach would be certainly drowned. Luey once out of the way, he would be safe. The coaeh stopped at the edge of the water. "Can any gentleman drive the coach after me through this swamp, if I get a horse and pilot the way," asked the driver. " I'll drive," eaid Victor, who was rather a good four-in-hand whip. " If you would allow me to make a suggestion," said Mr. Maitland, "I think we can get over the difficulty. Doubtless this gentleman," referring to Victor, "is a proficient driver, but I think Jack had better stick to the ribbons. I will ride on, and act as pilot." "All right, old son," said Jack, " you're a trump; here comes Bobby with a horse; fire ahead 1" and the coach went down steadily into the yellow turbulent water, while Henry Maitland rode on in front, with an angelic smile upon his face, and murder in his heart. CHAPTER IV. It was an exciting time. The turbid breadth of flood water, which looked so innocent and picturesque at a distance, took a new meaning when it surged up against the wheels of the coach, and swirled angrily away on the other side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful prey. The near-side wheeler was restless and uneasy. Every now and again he plunged his nose down into the turbid waters, and then flung it up with a jerk, as if he had seen a snake, snorting and plunging all the time evidently in the most abject terror. About thirty yards ahead of the coach, Henry Maitland piloted the way. The coach was now about half-way across. ' " Hi! boss, ain't you going too much to the left ?" yelled the driver. " It's all right, you follow my track," called back Maitland over his shoulder, " His track seems to me darned peculiar," muttered Jack under his breath, as he took a fresh hold of the near wheeler's rein. The track was peculiar. Maitland seemed to be picking liis way, going a little to the right and then to the left. The water left no trace of his passage, and the driver, in spite of himself, always kept following him in a bee line. They were within about two hundred yards of the landing place, when suddenly the near wheeler lost his footing. He was out of his depth. The leaders had swerved to one side and had escaped the hole. Instantly the driver jammed down the break, and stopped the coach, which, ef course, had only been going at a walking pace. Fortunately, the leaders were tractable, and stood still. The off-side wheeler instinctively recognised his danger, and planting his feet firmly, held up against his struggling companion. The moment was one of imminent danger. The frantic horse plunged and reared, now feeling the bottom with his hind feet, and now plunging head foremost into the boiling water. His struggles were becoming weaker. In two minutes he would be drewned, but before that he would probably startle the other horses, and drag the_coach into the abyss. Jack M'Lean dared not leave the reins. Victor, in the meantime, had got over the dash board and, at the risk of his life, was walking out on the pole to endeavor to loose the horse by unbuckling the reins and polestrap, and unhooking the traces. The first step, however, along the pole, showed him that the thing was impossible. In an instant he was back again, and plunging off the seat, he swam up to the struggling animal, and began operations by trying to let go the traces. Butlthoy were so tightly drawn and tense, that' his efforts were hopeless. Then he bethought him of his knife. With a few rapid strokes the traces, pole-straps, and reins were cut, and the half-drowned animal was free, and presently staggered up the bank, more dead than alive. Victor now turned his attention to the lady in the coach. Looking out of the window was the frightened visage of a travelling preacher, who, coming thus far to preach the gospel to the heathen, was now more anxious for the safety of his own body from water than the souls of other people from fire. Behind the parson who, to do him justice, had tried to keep up his own courage and comfort his fellow passenger, stood Lucy, who had watched Vietor throughout the exciting scene, her face white and her hands unconsciously clasped in the attitude of supplication. Wading to the door, Victor opened it and said, simply : " Are you much frightened my darling ?" " I was not thinking of myself, Victor; only of you. It seemed so terrible struggling in the water with that half-maddened horse." They stood for a moment with tightlyclasped hands. It was a moment of bliss. All the past was forgotten. Then Lucy gently withdrew her hands and shivered slighty, as the barrier between Victor and herself once more rose before her. " Come, my darling, I will carry you to the bank," saidjker lover. He took her in his strong arms; and Victor was repaid for all the past twelvemonths of hope deferred as he felt her fluttering heart beat against his own. "You will never leave me more," he whispered. " Oh, Victor I you don't know, you don't know . . . " " And I don't want to know. All I know is that I love you; and you told me once that you loved me; and we are going to be married in spite of creation; and we'll be married at Bargooma, for I won't trust you out of my Bight any more; and we'll go away to Tasmania for our honeymoon, and be back in time to spend the Christmas holidays with my old friend Campbell, to whose house we are both going now if I am not mistaken," This was all eaid with so much decision, and in such a matter-of-course tone, that Lucy could only cry silently, while a great joy filled her soul, and she unoonsoiously nestled closer to the big heart of the man who was carrying her in his arms like a child. The lovers were so absorbed in their own affairs that they did not notio« the presence of a well-appointed drag which just then drove up, drawn by four spanking bays, held well in hand by a cheerful-looking young gentleman of about fifty summers, whose white hairs seemed absurdly oat of plaae when taken in connection with his sparkling eyes and jovial, boyish-looking faoe. " Bravo Victor I Well done my boy 1" then he added, in a serio-comic tone, " bless you both, my children." "Hallo Campbell 1 is that yon?" " All that is left of me. And this young lady is Miss Brown, I know from her photograph. Jump up both of yon; asd if that villain Firestick will stop plunging for half a second, I'll shake hands with you in the interval. Now, my boy, you look uncommonly like a drowned rat—excuse my flattering simile—so we'll drive over to Simpsons for a change of clothes, and then we'll make Bargooma at the rate of fifteen miles an hour'" But what about the luggage?" " Oh i that'll be all right. I'll leave word of the accident as we pass the company's stables, and. they will send assistance." When they arrived at Bargooma they were cordially welcomed by Mrs. Campbell, who kissed Lucy as if she were an old friend, and insisted upon her going straight to bed after tea. The next few days passed pleasantly for Luey in a life which was entirely new to her. Victor learned from Mrs. Campbell the secret which, in Lucy's estimation, raised such a barrier between liimself and her. The knowledge only helped to endear her to him the more. He pleaded so earnestly that at length she consented to become his wife. In the meantime he determined to probe the mystery to the bottom. He communicated with detective Smith, who immediately made an examination of the books of the Registrar, and found the marriage duly recorded of Walter Brown and Jane Morrisson. The difficulty, of course, was to identify Walter Maitland with Walter Brown. There would have been of course, no difficulty immediately after the death of Walter, for those who knew him under either name could have identified the body as belonging to the man they knew under either designation and the mystery would have been solved. But now that he had been dead for over a year, such a solution was impossible. Detective Smith who had come up to Bargooma was at hia wits end. Victor was striving after impossible combinations of the most intricate theories, when the whole thing was put into a nutshell by a very innocent remark by Mrs. Campbell. " Have you a photo graph of your father, my dear?" she said to Lucy. Lucy produced a pho tograph of her late father, Walter Brown Mrs. Campbell had in her album a photo graph of Walter Mait land. They were not from the same negative nor by the same artist but there was no mis taking the identity of the original. The photo graph of Walter Brown and that of Walter Maitland were both taken from the same individual. " The ap paratus can't lie" and the ipse dixit of the sun is indisputable Inde pendently of the general likeness which strikes tile eyrt, there is tho reproduction of every line and scar and mark and microscopically minute fissure with ab solute exactness. Not two faces in a million are the same in one line But, since the creation of the world, if all the faces that ever saw the light were compared, no two faces would be found that had all the lines the same. The photograph and th microscope together are infallible. The mystery was a mystery no Ion ger. After the ladies had retired, the three gentle men continued the dis cussion. "What is you opinion of the mat ter, Smith?" said Vic tor. " What sort of a man was Walter Maitland ?' said the detective, ad dressing Mr. Campbell. "A thoroughly hou ourable man; but one of the most careless easy going fellows that over I met, and completely dominated by the superior intellect of his cousin Ileiiry." "Thou," said the detective, in a thoughtful tone, " he never signed that will with the knowledge of its tenour. It is my opinion that Walter Maitland lias been duped; and his death, on the following da v, makes mo think that he was also murdered.' 1 " liy whom ? " asked Mr. Campbell, eagerly. " liy the man who benefitted most by hie death.'j CHAPTER V. Henry Maitland's property adjoined Bargooma. The two homesteads were about five miles apart. Maitland was not much of a sportsman himself— ho was too keen and too eager in his pursuits of wealth to indulge in such frivolities; but, with his usual cunning, he pretended an enthusiasm wliiclx he did not feel for sport, in order to keep up his assumed character of bluff carelessness and good nature. On hie property, however, were many places famous as the favourite haunts of Biiipo, The first shooting of the season was generally to be obtained along the duck-haunted creeks, and round the edges of the rich swamps of Yambaar, which was the name of his station. Since the death of Walter Maitland there were strange whispers as to the peculiar life led by the present proprietor, Henry Maitland. Although, when he mixed with the neighbours, or when his business took him into the nearest township, there was 110 apparent difference in the man, it was rumoured that he shut himself up periodically, and had prolonged bouts of solitary drinking. One day, about a fortnight after the arrival of Victor and Lucy at Bargooma, Henry Maitland rode over, to invite Mr. Campbell and his friends to a days snipe-shooting. Lucy had 110 suspicion that he was her father's murderer; but she knew the part he had acted after her father's death, and she shuddered as he insisted upon ebAking hands with her, after the formal ceremony of introduction. Victor Levison and Detective Smith had their own reasons for appearing on friendly terms with the man whose crimes they were endeavouring to trace. They did not wish to arouse his suspicions, and therefore they accepted his invitation with apparent pleasure. " You will bring the ladies too, Campbell," said Maitland, in parting, "we will make a regular pic-nic of it. It is not often that I have the pleasure of acting as host to fair ladies." Thus saying he dofled liis hat with the grace of a cavalier, and cantered off, the beau ideal of a good-natured, jovial, country gentleman. " What a consummate hypocrite the man must be," said Victor. " But he deceives nobody," quietly remarked the host, " lie cannot constantly wear the mask, and every now and then the veil is lifted, by some slight expression, a look, a word, the turn of a sentence, which reveals^tlie hidden thought; lie is most disliked by those who know him best." " Well, I suppose we will go orer to Yambaar to-morrow?" " I think so; we may possibly tear something, and, in any case, you can have some good sport, while the ladies will enjoy the drive." Next morning the four-in-hand drove up to the door, and soon the party were seated in the drag. It was a glorious October morning. A slight shower the previous aigkt made the air appear more balmy than usual, with the scent of lightwood and wattle blossoms. As they drove dow» the long avenue, the heavy odour, wafted from the well-kept garden, proclaimed the presence of tho sweet-scented boronia, overpowering its more delicate neighbour, the Daphne. AM far as the eye could reach, a rich mantle of emerald green apread out in gentle undulations, while grouped about in pleasing irregularity, the graceful lightwood added a charm of its own to the landscape. At varying distances, and in every direction, the gltam of water caught the eye, as little lakes of fantastic shapes, some of whieh were of great depth, and others merely shallow depressions, received the rays of the rising sun, and reflected them to the eye of the observer. The leaves of the tall white gums, sparkled like diamond-studded trees of fairyland, as the slight breeze made the leaves quiver, and the adherent ram-drops also caught the white sun-rays, and refleeted them back in the many-coloured hues of the rainbow. The air was vibrating with the various sounds, and heavy with the exquisite odours of a Spring morning in the Australian bush. The musical note of the magpie reverberated from every tree, and the daring songster only stopped his sweet note occasionally, while he made a savage dart at anyone who dared to come near the nest where his mate was attending to her young brood. At a safe distance, groups of solemn-looking native companions could be seen, engaged in picking ap the early worm, while every now and again they would sound a note of alarm, and than set to partners and chassd, to teach each other, like amiable lunatics, dancing, on attenuated stilts. In the meantime the bays were going along in fine style, and their regular patter patter on the turf made a joyous music, which chimed in with ill the surroundings of. a glorious morning, and seat the life-blood of old and young bounding through Hie veins like quicksilver. Henry Maitland met them at the door of his house, but the party did not enter. The happy hunting grounds were further on, so they immediately made a start for the Warrarakk swamp. There was a tent already pitched, and the ladies were left to sketch and amuse themselves, while the sportsmen proceeded to the spot whore the snipe were seen. It looked a very likely spot indeed. A rich, black swamp with plenty of cover. Here and there were clumps of acacia, while round the edge of the swamp, giant red-gums spoke of continuous moisture. Presently, Maitland's dog—a goodenough-looking pointer, but badly broken— ' blundered ahead, and startled a couple of brace of snipe, which rose with a whirr out of range, and made straight for the other end of the swamp. Maitland called in his dog with a curse ; and he put his gun suddenly to bis shoulder, as if to shoot the animal, but thought better of it, and contented himself with throwing a stone at him. Presently, the snipe began to rise in ones and twos, and the guns were banging away merrily. Victor was a good shot, and made some brilliant execution with his right and left barrel; but, for steady and unerring precision, he had to yield to Campbell, who never missed with his right, and rarely with his left. Maitland Bhot fairly, in his turn beating Detective Smith, whose shooting evidently indicated want of practice. The snipe were now rising thick and fast, and there was an almost continuous fusillade, which at length ceased, as the birds that remained took flight for another swamp about two miles distant. Before returning to the ladies, the sportsmen eat down to indulge in a smoke and to count the game in their bags. There was the usual sporting talk, largely egotistical, and wonderfully imaginative as to remarkable shots, which appears to be a necessity on these occasions; but with this we will not trouble the reader. Henry Maitland seemed in no very amiable mood. The conversation had turned into a channel which did not please him. It hinged upon the wonderful way in. which murder is brought to fight. Detective Smith was {full of pleasing anecdotes as to tho fortuitous way in which evidence is sometimes forthcoming. He instanced a case where a nephew had murdered his uncle because the old man was too long in dying. The uncle had apparently been killed by falling down a well. The nephew Tras his heir, and assumed such a natural appearance of chastened grief, that no suspicion of foul play arose, and the old man waB buried. But the nephew seemed haunted with some kind of horrid fascination in talking about the death of his uncle—and hi combatting an idea which nobody but himself had entertained, that his death was other than accidental. Then the nephew began to drink, and strange expressions fell from his lips while half maudlin. Public suspicion was aroused, the whole of the surroundings of the affair were minutely examined. Faint links of evidence wcro accumulated, all pointing in the 0110 direction; at length the body was disinterred. Clutched in the hands of the dead man were discovered a few hairs, wliich a microscopic examination proved to belong to the nephew. Thia was the last link in the chain. " Bah ! " broke in Maitland with a curse ; " this is the old goody-goody story of the nursery, under a new form. Of course the nephew committed suicide, and then lived long enough to confess. I know all about it." " No, my dear sir," contined Smith, quietly, " he did not commit suicide and confess, lie waa found guilty and hanged." Mailtand rose with a muttered imprecation, and strode towards his gun, which had left leaning against a tree. In his way he came within reach of his unfortunate dog, and he vented his wrath upon the animal by giving it a vicious lack. The poor brute, with a yelp of agony, rushed away; and, in liis flight, knocked over his master's gun, which, exploding as it fell, the chargo struck Maitland in the head, and he fell to the ground apparently a lifeless corpse. CHAPTER VI. For days Henry Maitland lay in a semi-conscious state. The charge had struck him hi the temple and literally blown a piece of the skull away, exposing the brain. The gun, wlien it exploded, was within a few feet of linn, and thus the charge had not time to scatter. It was noted by the servants, and commented upon by them hi awestruck whispers, that the wound was in the same spot exactly as that which killed Walter Maitland. When, at length, lie came to a state of consciousness, it was evident that his recovery was hopeless. But the feelings of the wretched man were strangely, mixed with shame and remorse, when he found that the constant and watchful attend- ants who ministered to liirn in his helplessness and agony, were Lucy and her mother. Tlirough all his delirium, visions of an angel face and soft pitying eyes had floated through his brain, mixed with some horrible phantasmagoria of liis past evil life. The one, the bright vision, was the reality *>f Lucy; the other horrid spectres were the past impressions of liis evil deeds which had left then 1 indelible imprint upon his soul, aud which were revivified by the approach of death. But in all his delirium ho had never dropped a hint of the terrible tragedy sufficiently clear to enlighten Lucy or her mother. He babbled of bursting guns in a language that, to them, was incomprehensible, But when Victor Levison and Detective Smith heard him, there was a flood of light thrown upon the dark past. If Henry Maitland had lived he would have been in danger of the gallows ; hut I10 did not live, aud, before he died, confessed his crimes—not to Lucy, he oould not do that—but to his neighbour Campbell, who took his dying depositions. Before his death he wanted to make a will, leaving the whole of the property to Lucy aud her mother; but this was considered unnecessary, as the identification of Walter Brown with Walter Maitland had established the status of wife and daughter, and the property of the late Walter Maitland of right belonged to them. Victor Levison and Lucy Maitland were married in November. There were great rejoicings at Bargooma ; and the woolshed was turned into a ball-room, where all the shearers, and boundary-riders, and smart young men for twenty miles around brought their girls and danced till daylight. And then the smart young men put then- pretty girl partners on horseback, or into buggies, or waggonettes, or whatever mode of conveyance they preferred, and took them home through the cool November 'morning, before the hot sun had time to dry up the sparkling dew-drops from tho grass which waved so cool and green all around them. The bride aud bridegroom departed for Tasmania; but they came back in time to eat their ChriBtmas dinner at Yambaar, where the old lady had taken up her abode. Of course, the Campbells were there, and lots of other friends; and, although it was too hot for dancing, they had lawn tennis and croquet hi the evening. And it was not too hot to sit in the verandah and talk ; and listen to Lucy and other happy girls singing, in the intervals of playing cards, or other indoor games. Ten years have rolled away since the events we have related took place; hut every year, after tlio shearing is finished, the woolshed at Yambaar is cleared for a dance. Tho few remaining wool bales that have not gone to town serve as supports for long tables, where a gorgeous supper is Bet out; the rafters are hung with festoons of flowers and blossoms, and a band of music from the nearest township sets a hundred couples in motion to its inspiring strains. The dancing is vigorous, and in good time, for the employes of Yambaar and surrounding stations are all devotees of Terpsichore. Mr. and Mrs. Levison are there for the first half-hour or so, and with them are a couple of sturdy boys, who look on with wonder and admiration, at the gorgeous vision of Jane and Mary-Ann, the housemaids; and Rose, the cook; and Eupkemia, the none; flying round in tho arms of their respective lovers, to the intoxicating strains of the " Blue Danube." O C f p H1SNEY MAITLAND HODE ON IN FRONT, WITH AN ANGEMC SMttE ON HIS FACE, AND MUBDEK IN Illfl HKABT. 