VASSE. February 2. The timber trade in our district is very brisk at present ; all die stations seem to be busy despatching a large quantity of jarrah in all directions. The George Shotton, a fine vessel of 600 tons, and tiie schooner Madeline, ere both loading at Quindalup, Mr. H. J. Telverton's station, for South Australia; the barque Prince Arthur is loading at LockeviUe, and the Annie Lisle at the Wnmolin, also for ports in South Australia. Everyone here is glad to hear of Mr. Telverton's station coming to the front, and no doubt in time it will be at any rate second to none in the district. TheVasse and Lockevflle Cricket Clubs have had no less than three matches lately; the Vasse winning two of them % they lost the other owing (they say) in a great measure to the team being badly managed. Our Resident Magistrate bas been tempo rarily removed to Champion Bay. Mr. Fairbairn'e duties are in the meantime being discharged by Mr. Harris, who appears to be as active and well up to his work as ever he was. Being a much younger man, Mr. Fairbairn may fairly be considered to be on the tbreshhold of promotion, and, judging from the ability he has displayed in many extra duties in the Public Service, it is quite on the cards that be occupies a prominent position in the ranks of those available for selection and appointment to higher offices. I am sore all would be glad to hear of Mr. Harris's re-appointment here. Our Clerk to the Bench seems to be one of tiie favoured few. After a trip to Perth for five or six weeks on half-pay, and ditto for some other in Perth, he returned about a month ago ; now I hear he is off to Perth again on a similar arrangement, and that a gentleman here offered his place for thirteen months on half-pay, provided he retired from business. Will he accept ? Bush-fires are doing great damages in this district. Portion of a house of Mr. J. Scott's, near the BunburyJ Road, has been destroyed ; I hear also that Mr. J G. Thom son has lost about fourteen tons of hay, with the hay-sheds, through tiie encroach ment of a bush-fire. The Volunteers still keep up their aver age at drilL The Government promised some time ago to equip ttem with rifles, but none have as yet come to hand. Result — disappointment. We would ask the respected Staff Officer (Capt. Phillips) to remember a very old, trite 6aying — I believe the literal is contained in a very ancient Persian proverb : ' He who gives quickly gives twice.' Deferred hopes make the most long- suffering impatient at last. 