VICTORIAN MEMS. A fox has been seen promenading the Geelong streets. The Bagot Estate drawing is fixed for the 20th March. Parliament will meet for the despatch of business of 25th April. A Kew Asylum warder was robbed and garotted on Sunday morning. The Ballarat Courier says Bishop Moorhouse is unorthodox and illogical. During last year 27,245 persons were vaccinated in Victoria for the first time. Mr. B. Gr. Davies has been appointed inspector of railway refreshment rooms, at £300 a year. The net profits for the year of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency are £80,000. Beardless boys of Ballarat are frequently seen staggering home in a helpless state of intoxication. The revenue for February is £500,000, or .£51,000 in excess of the same month in last year. 728 bags of wheat and eight tons of fruit were forwarded from the Rutherglen station in a week. The Society forthe Protection of Animals offers a prize of two guineas for the best design for its seal. Mr. Kernot, M.P. for Geelong, is still in a very low state of health, and is unable to leave his room. Mr. F. de Jardin has been appointed Belgian consul during the absence of M. Jules Rcnard in Europe. Mr. Bent is taking action respecting the further planting of wattles upon the railway reserves of the colony. A gang of specialist safe-breakers are at work in Melbourne. A few shillings was the result of their lest effort. Mr. Milner Stephen has written offering to treat patients in the Melbourne hospital whose cases have proved obdurate. The Commissioner for Public Works is taking proceedings against persons seen bathing in the Yau Yean reservoir last week. Two litigants in the Melbourne County Court, failing to obtainsatisfaction from the Judge,fought out their difference in the lobby. A Victoria Regia lily is in full flower in the Melbourne Botanic Gardens. Some of the leaves of this plant arc 6ft. in diameter. An excellent yield has been obtained from a quartz reef three feet thick, near Rushwortli— 243oz. of gold from 195 loads of stone. In accordance with the request of Mr. R. Clark, M.L.A., a Burvey will shortly be made for a line of railway from Hcatbcotc to Seymour. Miss Rosie, of Wilson's circus, now performing in Melbourne, was very much hurt on Saturday night. Her horse reared and fell over. Twenty larrikins walked into the billiard-room of the National Hotel, Fitzroy, last week, and when the landlord remonstrated they kicked him. Mr. J. Matheson has resigned his position as chairman of the associated banks, and Mr. J. F. M'Mullen, of the Union Bank, has been elected in his stead. Efforts are being made to induce the Government to introduce a new Marine Bill to provide for a reduction in pilotage tees in order to encourage shipping. ' The Hon. Graham Berry, in response to the invitation of the Geelong Reform League, will deliver a political address prior to the reassembling of Parliament. His Excellency the Governor intends leaving Victoria. for Queensland on the 20th inst., on a visit to his son Lord Hervey Pbipps. He will be absent for about three weeks. The Chimborazo brings a quantity of silver coinage, VIZ., £25,000 for this colony, and £20,000 for the Sydney banks. She carries also £1000 in bronze coinage for the colonies. The amount of gold received at the Royal Mint, Melbourne, for the week ending 27th February, 1882, was 11,072,093^. The coin issued was £101,000. Two of those injured in the Jolimont railway accident, Messrs. Lyons and Alexander, have accepted £1200 and £800 respectively as compensation from the department. The Wesleyan body have decided to hold annual camp meetings similar to the one recently held at Queensclifl, and have resolved to purchase an area on Brighton Beach and erect habitations. The Bairnsdale Advertiser states that "the prospects of the hop industry look very bright this year, and good prices, as well as good yields, appear likely to prevail." It is in contemplation to entertain Mr. Murray bmith at a public banquet in Melbourne, prior to his departure for England to assume tie duties of agent-general of the colony. The steamer Victoria, lately used by the Government as a storing vessel, is advertised for sale. She is now upon the slip at Williamstown, wtiere intending purchasers are invited to inspect her. in the Melbourne Hospital, the victim being a woman named Jane Irvine, 46 years of age, who was admitted to the hospital on 5th January with a fractured leg. Mrs. Wells, for five years' honorary organist at St. Michael's Church, Talbot, was presented last week with a handsomely-designed silver cpergne, weighing about 90 ounces, in recognition of her long-continued valuable services. Captain Mandeville has recommended the Government to purchase several heavy pieces of ordnance, and the latest appliances and improvements. The recommendation will probably be adopted forthwith. The receipts of the lessee of the Exhibition dome during the recent English Fair in Mel- bourne amounted to £600 for the fortnight. He paid £56 to Mr. Coppin for the lease, and made a charge of sixpence a head. Tenders for the construction of the new Government dredge will shortly be called for. At present there seems to be no desire to build an ordinary dredge, but it is not improbable that a larger dredge will be made. A Victorian pilot in joining the service (says the Evening Mail) has to pay the sum of £425 for his share of schooner, boats, plant, &c.; His net salary, during the last four years, as per official records, is £507 per annum. Two Germans, with a team en route to Lillamere, were lost in the bush at Coorong, and had to kill a hoise and drink the animal's blood. One man made his way back to the settlement, and the other was rescued oil the point of death. In Melbourne, some weeks ago, a lady caught her high-heeled boot in a crack in the asphalt pavement, and fell down and hurt herself, and straightway she sued the City Council for damages, fixing them at £140 ; but the Court gave her only £20. The curious fact has transpired that there is now not a single mason or bricklayer confined at Pentridge. One mason recently discharged from custody continues to work at the prison for wages, voluntarily subjecting himself to the gaol regulations. The building trade must indeed be prosperous. A trap set for rabbits at Biidgewater secured the following victims :—Opossum, ringtail opossum, native cat, domestic cat, dog, tiger cat, lizard, blood-sucker, crow, magpie, woodpecker, wren, eaglehawk, plover hen, water-rater, platypus, bandicoot, and a moused' In consequence of the increase of the cattle traffic from the neighboring colonies through Victoria to Melbourne, and the scarcity of rolling stock to carry them, the Commissioner of Railways has determined to increase the number of trucks as soon as possible. The seagoing engineers have come to the conclusion that a distance of 400 miles in this climate is sufficiently far for a steamer to run with two engineers, and notice is to be given to employers that they will, after a certain date, require three engineers in all boats running over that distance. The annivereary of St. David, the patron saint of Wales, was celebrated with all due ceremony by the Weish residents of Ballarat and district, and tbe musical gathering, which took place this year in the Alfred Hall, proved to be a success beyond the most sanguine expectations. Ophthalmia continues to prevail to an extraordinary extent in the State schools, especially in the arid districts where the scarcity of water prevents frequent cold ablutions. In many cases complete lose of eyesight has been sustained, and the record of teachers as well as pupils who report impairment of vision is a most disheartening one. The engineer in charge of the Avon Plains water auger represents that he has not met with any further success. The auger has bored through sandstone clay, and salt water has been struck. The foreman in charge of the Kilcunda diamond drill reports that they have reached a depth of 681ft. 2in. In the Equity Court, Melbourne, on 2nd inst., before Mr. Justice Moleswortb, Mr. Lawes moved for an order nisi for the sequestration of the estate of James Mace, late of the Victoria Racing Club Hotel, Bourke-strect. The petitioning creditor was T. K. Bennett, butcher. His Honor made the rule absolute. The Government recognise the force of the recommendations made by the chairman of tbe Tariff Commission relative to the great waste occasioned in hides by indiscriminate branding, and intend taking action therein. It is estimated that the colony loses £100,000 per annum through injudicious branding and careless slaying. The Lithofracteur Company state that if certain nitro- glycerine compounds which are now being imported are kept out of the market, they can with safety manufacture all dynamite of a superior quality required in the colony. The matter is under consideration, and will be referred to the Cabinet. The land revenue continues to roll in. The deficiency on rents due by selectors, which on the 18th February was £3104, was on the 25th reduced to £37, and the total deficiency on the whole of the land revenue was in the same period reduced from £13,769 to £7590. Such returns are unprecedented. It is stated in the Echiua Advertiser that one of the persecuted Russian Jews, lately a resident of Kiev, who bad his house burnt over his head, and was left with a wife and six children " utterly destitute," has come to Australia, and is now in Echuca for the purpose ot collecting subscriptions to enable him to make a fresh start in the world. One day last week Mr. Ougb, contractor, Harrow, found two of his horses in the stable suffering from some strange sickness, which increased in intensity. During the day one of them died ; the other is likely to recover. Dr. Hayman, to whose inspection the stomach of the dead animal was submitted, is of opinion that arsenic had been administered. Tramways are not a big success in New Zealand. The Christchurch Tramway Company are not in a position to declare a dividend this year. The receipts for the year were £6647 lis. lid., while the traffic and general expenses have amounted to £5858 2s. 3d., leaving a balance of £888 18s. 3d., not sufficient to enable the directors to declare a dividend. Under the beading of " A Sinful District," the Bendigo Advertiser says :—" At a poorly-attended ' harvest thanksgiving' at Rochester last Sunday, the presiding clergyman told the congregation that ' the reason why such a bountilul harvest as had been anticipated bad not been reaped this year was because the people had not feared the Lord as they should have done.' " Disturbing elements will obtrude themselves. The other night, at a Melbourne theatre, an able and popular tragedian in the character of Othello had just advanced to the footlights with the orthodox tragic stride, when a young urchin in the gallery caused considerable amusement by heralding the Moorish general's approach with the brief announcement—" Here comes the darkey !" It is very likely that arrangements will be made for a muster of volunteers on Easter Monday. The proceedings will not partake of the nature of a general review, but it is probable that the Ballarat volunteers, the East Melbourne volunteers, and the artillery will proceed towards the Heads and the town volunteers towards Western Port, and operations will be conducted so as to show how assaults may be repelled. The decision of the Executive that the law should be allowed to take its course, and that he should be executed, was communicated on Saturday by the sheriff to Crook, convicted of the murder of the young man Stephens, at Lang Lang. Crook, who says he is 77 years of age, received the intelligence without emotion, and made no reply. He remains in the Melbourne Gaol, and is visited by the Rev. Mr. Caton, Church of England minister of Hoddle-street, Collingwood. We understand that it was decided at a meeting of the company to voluntarily wind-up and liquidate the Mutual Bread Store in Melbourne, in consequence of the concern not paying. The loaf which cost the company about oj-d. being sold to the shareholders at 5Ad., the margin of profit was so small that there" was no likelihood of the company succceding unless they supplied short-weight bread, and this they determined not to do, but rather to voluntarily wind up the company. We (Ballarat Courier) are informed that Mr. William Warren, late resident surgeon of the Geelong Hospital, has served Dr. Reid, the honorary surgeon, with a writ for £5000 damages for an alleged slander, in some observations recently made by Dr. Reid as to tbe indelicate and improper manner in which some of the patients are treated at the Geelong Hospital. We are told that Dr. Reid intends to defend the action, as he states he is in a position to prove every statement be made. The charge against J. W. Thompson of imposing on Mr. Jennings, solicitor, by means of valueless securities, was concluded at the Cential Criminal Court, Melbourne, on Thursday, 2nd inst., after a tedious bearing, the prisoner conducting his own defence. He was found guilty on the first count, of obtaining £1000 by false pretences. The second count, that of secreting a title deed, was withdrawn by direction of the Judge, who further expressed doubt whether the case could be properly called one of false pretences. An eccentric individual is (says the 1Maryborough Chronicle) in the habit of perambulating the streets during the day, carrying a live watersnake, about crt. long, which he winds round his neck and left arm, leaving it otherwise free to escape from him. The man certainly molests no one, being apparently satisfied with walking quietly on the footpath and attracting attention; but he is a public nuisance for all that, tor women and children suddenly meeting the illassorted pair, experience an unpleasant fright. The two insurance agents, Barker and Hicks, who are under arrest at Adelaide for attempting to defraud tbe insurance companies, figured in a disgraceful affair early this year at the City Police Court, Melbourne. Barker, who gave the name of Baker, issued a warrant against a woman of ill-fame named Knight for robbing him of £10 and his friend Hicks gave evidence in his favor to support the charge. The bench disbelieved Baker's story, and discharged the woman. Baker represented himself as a dentist, and Hicks as a medical student. They had evidently at that time the deceased, Weatherhead, under their care. Mr. Burrowes, Minister of Mines, returned to Melbourne from Sydney on Friday evening. During his visit to that city he had an interview with Dr. Renwick, Minister of Mines in New South Wales, iu reference to the introduction of diamond drills into that colony. At present none of these machines are in use there, but the Government is anxious to assist the development of the mineral resources by employing them. They accordingly desired all information available concerning their working in Victoria, and Mr. Burrowes cordially promised to supply the data in the possession of MB department regarding their operation. The Bendigo Independent says :—A person who has just returned from a township west of here states that he had fallen in with an old acquaintance in the person of De Lacy Evans, who has once more—so our informant says—entered into tbe matrimonial state, but this time as a bride— for a change, we presume, as on the other three known occasions it was as a bridegroom. Our informant, who says he is a better judge of a bullock than a bride (what a brute), was unable to describe the trousseau, but in reply to our inquiry simply said that the bridegroom was a " male widder" with a good start by the way of family, and that the blushing bride had her hair in ringlets. An erroneous impression has got abroad concerning the Cerberus. It has been stated that 6he is in a perfectly useless condition, and the turrets even could not be worked by steam in her present condition. This is far from being the truth. An examination recently made of her condition resulted in the authorities coming to the conclusion that even in her present state she could be easily put into fighting trim, and worked by steam. She never was intended as a fast- 'oingsea boat, but merely as a kind of floating battery to protect the harbor, which Bhe could do now nearly as well as ever. However, in view of possible contingencies, it has been decided to provide her with new boilers. The decision of the Government with respect to the recommendations of the Police Commission will, it is expected, render it unnecessary for that body to proceed with the branches of its inquiry relative to the organisation and armament of the force, and the relations existing between the detective branch and the general police. There is a general feeling in political circles that there has been too much light let in upon the proceedings of tbe force by the searching and open inquiry conducted, and that a departmental investigation by the new Chief Commissioner, who is not responsible for, nor in any way involved in, the past conduct of the matters, will be more satisfactory and less subversive of discipline. A well- known member of the City Police Court Bench in Melbourne has received an anonymous letter conveying to him the cheerful information, so far as pictorial significance goes, that he may prepare himselt for the occupancy of a coffin. The letter contained a rough ink diagram coffin in tbe centre, surrounded by pistols, daggers, &c.;, the words " infernal machine" and " poison" on one corner, " hemp and sweet revenge" iu another, whilst underneath the coffin he is alluded to as a miscreant amongst his brother magistrates. Tbe letter bears the Sandridge postmark, and is addressed in excellent handwriting. The magistrate alluded to has prepared himself for an attack. It will be remembered that on February 13 a Bliip's nauicboard, 91t. long, having the word " Sobraon " iu gold letters on it, was picked up on the Narroivoug beach, a few miles irom Portland. Some uneasiness was felt for Ibe safety of the well-known clipper Sobraon, which left Melbourne for London via the Cape of Good Hope on February 5, until it was explained that the master of the tug which took the ship through Port Phillip Heads remembered noticing that the vessel had a pair of headbords on her bows when he parted from her. Another board, having the name Sobraon cut on it, was picked up on Saturday on the beach to the eastward of Cape Douglas, and it is very probably the companion headboard to the one found near Portland. The Walhalla correspondent of the Gippslani Mercury writes the following :—Mr. Peter Staff, the manager of the Toombon G. M. Co., while endeavoring to survey a track along which to bring in the machinery, lost his way. It appears that the smoke from the bush-fires was so dense that he was unable to see where be was going. After being in the bush three days his horse knocked up, and being very hungry, and seeing no other way to get food, he killed 'the horse and cut off about 30 pounds of flesh, and started on foot. Happily for him, he fell in with an old man, who directed him to his home. He was, I am told, in a fearful state, and entirely exhausted from the exertions he made up hill and down, to discover some track that would lead him out of difficulty. 