COUNTRY NEWS. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (from out correspondents) BALLARAT. Sunday Evening Mrs. Glasson, wife of J. Glasson, horse dealer, Eureka-street, Ballarat East, ros from bed about 5 o'clock this morning, in tending, it is supposed, to light the kitchei fire. Her husband was awoke by her screams and found her with her nightdress in flames He immediately threw a blanket over her extinguishing the fire, and _then had he removed to the hospital, where ahe died thl evening. ECHUCA, Sunday. The borough water acheme ia being puahec forward with vigour. Taking advantage 01 the Iowneas of the Murray, the mains for thi pumping-houso are bein_; laid down, and. ii ia hoped that the mains will be carried ovei the river banks before the stream rises. An old Enslish fair is to held in the Tem. perahce-hal', in aid of the Presbyterian Church. ' The drought continues unabated. Rain has been threatening for several days past, but invariably passes off. Mr. J. T. Brown, president of the Echuca Agricultural Society, entertained about 60 farmers and others at Torrumbarry, last night, at a banquet. HORSHAM, Smurday. At tho pol;ce court lo day Dominico Comini end George Abraham Hatching were charged on remand with unlawfully aud maliciously killing a horse, the property of Jabez Jones, a charcoal burner residing at Kenny's Ford, The evidence showed that the prisoners first endeavoured to beat the horse to death with heavy elicka, and failing that they tied a rope from its neck to its near fore- leg, and threw the animal into the river, where the carcase was found some weeks afterwards. The prisoners and the prosecutor Jones are rivals in the business of charcoal burning, and the act is alleged to have been committed with a view of preventing Jones, who is in very poor circumstances, from con- tinuing his work. The prisoners reserved their defence, nd were committed for trial at the Horsham assizes on May 12. Bail was allowed, but not obtained, in one surety of £400,° and two sureties of £200 for each pri- soner. During the hearing of the case a witness named John Bowen refused to give evidence unless his expenses were paid, and was sent to gaol for Beven days. A few of the labourers on the Horsham to Dimboola railway atruck yesterday for higher wages. Operations were delayed for a few hours, but the men went back to work this morning. LAKES ENTRANCE, Sunday. Mr. Gravea, Commissioner of Customs, and Mr, Young, Commissioner of Public Works, accompanied by Mr.F. C. Mason, M.L A, and also Inspector Kabat, arrived here last night by the s.a. Sarah. The s.S. Pretty Jane arrived off the en- trance thia morning at half-past 7, and at 2-p.m crossed the bar inwards from Mel- bourne. The bar ia rather shallow just now, from a southerly Bea Betting inwards ; but the first south- west wind ia sure to make a good channel. PORTLAND, Sunday. A large meetin of shareholders in the local Steamship company was held at Mac's Hotel on Saturday evening, to discuss the desir- ability of purchasing a second steamer to run with the s.S. Dawn. A motion empowering the directors to purchase an additional steamer was carried by 19 to 14 votes. WANGARATTA, Sdnday. After a cloudy and muggy day, lightahowera set in here this evening, with some pros- pect of continuance. Bush fires bave again broken out where there was still grass to burn, and the farmers are beginning to be very anxious about their ploughing. ST. ARNAUD, Saturday. Mr. William Blair, storekeeper, a widely known and respected resident, died very suddenly this morning. Mr. Thomas Harris, the contractor, whose skull was fractured by a piece of timber falling upon him on Wednesday evening at the Wilson's-hill mine, died in the hospital last night. A correspondent at Lyonville writes-"An extensive bush fire broke out on Thursday between the Coliban railway-bridge and the Lyonville station. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon, as the train passed through, the heat was intense, and in the evening, on the return journey, the passengers seemed startled by the glare. Towards morning the fire died out, but at midday on Friday a strong north wind drove it through the township and over the ranges towards the state school (which was in great danger) on to Mr. J. Lyon's tramway, three-quarters of a mile of which was burnt. Mr. Lyon's men were out until 11 o'clock on Thursday night dis- connecting the line in several places, the heat and smoke being suffocating. About a mile of the railway fences are already de- stroyed." ^^^^^^^^^^ 