Coff's Harbour. OOTOBBB 21. In calm, sunny weather, the steamers going along the Aus tialinn coast north from Sydney used to cutoff a sharp angle by keeping their course between the Solitary Islands (known by the splendid lighthoupc) and tbe coast. Passengers standing on deck used then to look at the foaming- surfs rolling against the rocky foundations of islands and coast headlands. Also the eyes of these travellers used to wander farther east towards the mountainous back country, which seems in greater distance to stand on the horizon like a huge cloudy wall, but changes, as the steamer draws closer and closer to the shore, in open perspective into a pano rama of a sunny, fair}' landscape, sloping down gently from far away ranges eastwards towards the pea. The astonished eye sees distinctly, brightened by the sun, shining against the slopes, semi amphillieatrical green pasturage valleys, terraces eovered with primeval gigantic timber, wide-stretched, rich, dense scrub-flats, overgrown with boongalowand otner palm plants. A few years ago this whole landscape, from the Bellinger to the Clarence mouths, was inhabited by only a few daring timber-cutters and blacks in their original wild state ; but at this present moment the rising smoke and blazing bush-fires tell to people on the passing steamers that also these, sylvan solitudes are tackled by the never-resting genius of the white race. Comparing the tendency of our four East Australian Governments, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Queensland, we perceive an increasing inclination for bold progress oh the side of the youngest, Queensland, and a rather stagnant conservation on the part of the eldest, New South Wales. Both of these two tendencies have their ' bad and good consequences. New South Wales Government and Parliament machinery works rather slowly in furnishing settled districts with tbe most necessary roods, &c.; All these now quickly settled lands west from the Solitary Islands, from the towns Fernmount and Boat Harbour, on the Bellinger, to Nona Creek down to Cos's Harbour, Woogoolga, &c;, are without any roads. There are plenty rivers and creeks to swim, and until now| not a penny of Government money was spent for improve ments. If we ask what is the origin of this barbarous state of things, worse then among the Zulus and Nubians, we must answer, centralisation, and the worst kind ot centralisation— that of our small district centres. Any money to be granted for these districts— boundary places— people in Kempsey openly used to object to, fearing this money might only benefit the Grafton merchants and other business people not living in Kempsey ; there fore better not to ask Parliament. These narrow-minded times, however, seem to have passed, tor at last Parliament sittings £1000 was granted for a new Government main road from Fernmount, on the Bellinger, via CofFs Harbour, Moonee, Nana Creek, to Grafton, which is just at present commenced to be constructed. These kinds, opposite the Solitary Islands, which, in fact, enjoy euch fertility and beauty, and which have, indeed, through mountain-shelter against S.W., a milder climate than any other part of Australia, with their sheltered sea-coast in midst of a most picturesque mountain and sylvan landscape, would make a most delightful sea-bathing place. On these sheltered scrub-slopes, which bang on gentle mountain slopes towards the sunny N.E. within the moist breath of the ocean, the sugar-cane proved, during last winter, completely frost-free, while, 100 miles north, in the Queensland territory, the frost proved so destructive. On the mountain- terraces there is an inexhaustible 6upply of perfectly sound timber in full growth, having straight stems up to 100 feet high, and ranging from 8 feet to 10 feet in diameter. They comprise gray gums, flooded gums, turpentine, tallow-wood, mahogany, bloodwood, colonial ash and beech, pine, &c;, &c;, ripe and waiting for the sawmill. Gold is found at Nona Creek, 10 miles from the coast, which is a flourishing little township now, on the western slopes of the ranges ; while, on the east slopes, scrub being so extremely dense, prospecting has never been done. Also this land pos sesses, ready made by nature, a fine harbour, where hundreds of brigs, schooners, and also steamers frequently call, often in the heaviest gales, in greatest safety loading cedar and pine logs, and discharging rations, &c;, for the timber-cutters. This is Coffs Harbour, whose inhabitants and numerous selectors lately sent a petition for grant of surf -boats, without which the loading of a steamer line willing to call has difficulties and delay. Instead of surf-boats, Cofi's Harbour could have a fine comfortable wharf in water as smooth as those in Svdney Harbour, if there could be Government money spent to combine the easterly de tached Cog's Harbour island by a breakwater with the S.W. island, which already has a strong connection with the long from west outreaching headland by a formidable reef of combined cliffs. The comparatively narrow opening towards the south causes now, at our natural harbour, after long heavy winds, a rather rough surf. Both islands are high, conical, rocky cliffs, which would render the erection of a breakwater quite easy, as the rocky material could be blasted close by and rolled down into the gap, which, as measuring has shown, has a depth of only about 15 to 20 feet. The rocky material close to band would be more than sufficient to fill up this narrow strait, and, after finishing, Coffs Harbour would be a strong ring of rocks against all directions, leaving only a comfortable entrance for all kinds of vessels. The lands on our Northern rivers have— as your readers all will know— attracted lately, by their sugar-growing ability, the attention of the general public, and are, as reports in the papers daily show, continually growing in value ; nevertheless the navig able state of these rivers is arriving at a distressing state. Not long ago the croEsing of the Richmond River inside the heads again shoaled, thereby causing considerable, delays, expense, inconvenience to shippers and owners of steamships, and sailing vessels trading to the river. The Adonis and Cairndhu, schooners, ?were aground on the crossing ; the steamer Iismore was similarly detained ; the river steamer Platypus sank at her moorings, and -was in leaky condition. At present the trade on these rivers is in iost as helpless a condition as on the Bellinger. The freight on maize from the Richmond River is now risen up to 2s. We fear the time may net be far that all our Northern rivers— Tweed, Brunswick, Richmond, Clarence,. Bellinger, Nambuccra, and Macleoy— will share the fate of the Murray, to be entirely blocked ap by sandy bars. It is a blessed thing -when people get their eyes open in time, and, before spending money and work in fruitless endeavours on old long-trodden steep roads, look out for the straight and level one close by. We are sure many ' clever ' people will now laugh atjonr anticipation that, in some fnture time, Cofi's Harbour will be for the growing up Clarence sugar-districts what Sandridge is ?^— ? for Melbourne, and Port Adelaide for Adelaide town. Grafton would not be the first town which would shift its anchorage place for the sea trade to another harbour. I could count up EnmerouE examples in the old and new world where such changes have taken place. As perhaps Trial Bay will be for the mor i southern rivers, Bellinger, Nambuccra, Macleay, &c;, in future CofFs Harbour will surely be the port for the Northern sugar growing rivers. ? 