TOWN TALK. ON Sunday morning last Mr. Osborne Campbell Drummond was duly ordained deacon of the Church of England at St. Saviour's pro-Cathedral. His Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn officiated, and the Ven.'Archdecon Puddicombe, the Rev. Canon Gwyune,and the Rev. Canon Soares assisted in the ceremony. The sermon on the occasion was preached by the Rev. Canon Gwynne, the discourse of the venerable pastor being listened to with great atten tion, by the congregation. ,Mr. Drummond had previously been a catechist in the district of Wagga Wagga. As Mr. Bartlett, brewer, was passing the hovels in -lone-street near Conolly's mill, inhabited by Chinese, on his way into town last Friday night, he observed smoke coming from one of the build. ings. A closer inspection showed him that the interior of the place was on fire; but. with a little help he soon succeeded in getting it under, so that our newly-formed brigade were deprived of any chance there might have been for them to show their prowess. Owcxees of dogs who have so far not registered them are reminded that the 14th of this month i the last day for doing so. After that date all who hliave not complied with the law will be prosecuted. Tote Southern heavens in the early portion of last night were illuminated by a gorgeous aurora. The aolore were blood red and of startling brilliance and resembled the supnrb reflection of an extensive bushfire or the conflagration of a city. The phono meson was visible for some time, and then in the dark hours before the dawn the grand comet of the west shot into view again to- dazzle all beholders with (magnitude of its splendour. This beauti ful stranger is now best discernible shooting quickly on its con-se at about half past three or four o'clock, and all observers will be well repaid any incon venience that they experience in getting up to look at it. A atc?rtEI of tlo newly formed cricket club is announced to be held this evening. This accooia* tion promises to'be a credit to the city, and it is to be hoped they will meet with the encouragement they well merit. It is stated that there are many reasons to expect a visit from the Hon. Ivo Bligh's oricketers, if only the encouragement is forthcom. ing. This is very easily obtainable; and as a fillip to those d-.bating the question to give it a favourable consideration, we may say that several gentleman in Goulburn have promised pecuniary assistance to make the proposed visit practicable and protitable. WHILE other cities and township aro all con. trihuting their various sums in aid of the Kendall Memorial Fund, it seems sad to think that a flourisbing and populous place like Goulburn is so far behind in its charity and tangible appreciation of a pure Australian genius. We cannot too fervently ior too frequently ask its residents to do something to swell the lists, several of which can be seen about this city. Toe lcesse of the Argyle Inn, Montague street, has been transferred from Mr. Rule to Mrs. Mc Dosell, the owner of the premises. Tnt: following notices of motion are on the business-paper for totday. By Mr. Heydon-That, in the opinion of this Fouse, it is desirable that the import duty now inmposed on tea should be re. moved and that an import duty in lieu thereof shlould be imposed on wheat, By Mr. Teece That there be laid spon the table of this House a return showing the questions asked at the Declember examination in 1881, and the June oxamination in 1882, together with the names of all candidates for cla<. 1, and the number of marks obtained by the successful candidates and by these who have appealed against the decision of the ex. aminers, in every question in all the subjects at both examinations. A woman fatally injured, and two children killed by a falling tree at Deniliquin. 