COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. [From our own Correspondent.] VICTORIA. Melbourne. November 12. Evening. A girl named Emma Dellan, 17 years of age, and of prepossessing appearance, was - arrested to-day as perpetrator of a long series of extraordinary swindles on tradespeople and others. The prisoner was a resident of St. Kilda, and about a dozen warrants have been issued for her arrest. Amongst the victims were two different undertakers, tc whom she had represented her mother as being dead, and had ordered a coffin to be sent to a given address, but before leaving she invariably succeeded in borrowing a sum of money. A farmer named Patrick Keogh, living atr Kyneton, was thrown from his dray to-aay and killed. The Northumberland, so long and well known as a favourite passenger vessel, which arrived on Saturday, has been converted from ' steamer into a sailing vesseL Melbourne, November 12, Midnight. A large bush-fire has been burning for several days in the mallee scrub. Mr. George S. Titheradge, one of the leading, members of Marshall's Comedy Company, which has been lately disbanded, owing to the sudden breakdown of Mr. Marshall's health, was entertained at a farewell supper by his literary and professional friends at the Yorick Club on Saturday evening. The toast of the evening was proposed by the Chairman (Professor Elkington) in a very complimentary manner. Mr. Tithe - radge leaves for Sydney overland to-day, and after giving a week's performance will proceed toEngland, via Sydney. " Lights of London was produced at the Royal by Mr. Rignold on Saturday night. There was a large audience at the Bijou, when '* Jan Varcoe's Oath" was performed for the first time with much success. " Boccacio" continues to be performed at the Opera House. At the Princess Mr. Polk is doing good business. An extrapromenade concert was given in the Town Hall on Saturday evening, under the direction ot Mr. R. S. Smythe, to a crowded audience. In consequence of the great success of the series it is probable that the concerts will be resumed in about three months, on Mr. Smythe's return from New Zealand, whither he is about toproceed with Mr. Archibald Forbes, whose health is now restored. The committee of the Melbourne Cricket Club have invited the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team to supper in the pavilion on the evening of 'their arrival. The Governor, the members of the Ministry, the Mayor, aud the Reception Coirmittee of the Victoriau cricketers have been invited. On Sunday 6,000 people visited the Nelson. She will be floated out of the dock on Monday or Tuesday. In an action Watson against Crooke, in which the plaintiff, a fanner in the Wimmera district, sued the defendant for maliciously prosecuting him on a charge of stealing two sheep, the piopeity of a third party, inwhich a vcrdict was given favouring damages, the defence was that there were reasonable grounds for prosecution. The decision as ti> costs was reserved. The Bishop of Newcastle preached this morning in St. George's Church, Malvern. The Church of England Con^ies3, which will be opened on Tuesday, is attracting con- Ficeifblc icterest. Many eminent clergymen have arrived from various parts ol Aua* tralia for the purpose of taking part. Dr. Pearson, Bishop of Newcastle, preaches on Tuesday morning in St. Paul's. In the afternoon the Bishop of Melbourne, who will preside at the Congress, -will deliver an inaugural address. The Congress will include afternoon and evening sittings. On Tuesday the snbjects will be—in the morning, " The Relations of the Church of England to all Protestant Churches in the evening, " The Duty of the Church of England in Regard to Unbelief." The cricket match Melbourne against South Melbourne, for the Cleeland Challenge Cap, ended in a victory for the former by 7 wickets. _ 