ME LEO URNR Tuesday Evening. (FE0X OCR OWK OOB&ESFOSDEST.;) The Minister of Education has received a telegram from Mr Long, the correspondent of the board of advice at Alexandra, to tbe effect that typhoid is just now very prevalent at that place, several of tbe cases having proved fatal. Under these circumstances, Mr Long enquires whether the will give the board power to dose tbe State school. Tbe communiastion was forwarded to the Central Board of Health, which body has sent to Alexandra for farther particulars of the outbreak, in order to enable it to arrive at a decision as to the best coarse to take in the matter. Hitherto it has not been usual to close State schools in consequence of the existence of typhoid in their vicinity, as tbe disease is not regarded as infectious, although under certain circumstances it is highly contagions. Some remarkably suspicions circamstance3 have been reported to the Crown law authorities in connection with a bush-fire which occurred on the 9th instant; on the selection of Patrick Boorke, farmer, of Yambuk. twelve miles from Belfast, and by which a log-fence and portions of a grass paddock were burnt. It seems that two younc men, named respectively Jas. Kelly and W. Binge, were beard to say that they saw a man, supposed to be a neighbor of Bourke's, who has a grudge against him, set fire to the fence and then ran away into the bush. Tbe Attorney- General will, in aU ^ir&bibility;, comply with a request that has been made to him, for a colonial enquiry into the canse of the fire. Since the attack made npon him by Mr Williams, M.L.A., relative to the amalgamation of mining leases, tbe Hon. B» Burrowes, Minister of Mines, has received communications from various Sandhurst and other companies, the tenor of which is to defend the coarse which he had taken, inasmuch as, in all tbe caes referred to, deeper sinking, additional machinery, &c-;, were required. I am farther informed that in some of the cases, Mr Bnrrowes merely carried into effect promises made by his predecessor in office— Mr Williams himself—this being particularly the case with the largest area of all, viz., that of a mineral lease of 267 acres in tbe district of Ararat. Report* of the progress made with diamond drill prospecting operations daring last week hare been received as follow:—Hepburn Estate—Week's work, 67 feet 4 inches, through hard bine rock; total, 206 feet II inches; Prince Alfred Company—Week, GO feet, schist and quartz vans; total 200 feet 9 inches. Albert Company, Sandhurst—97 feet, slate and sandstone; total, 433 feet 4 indies. Gladstone Company, Smeaton— 42?feet 5 inches, very hard bluestone; total, 70: feet 5 inches; Koch's Company, Long Gully—35 feet, date; total, 112 feet. Berry Contois Company—11 feet 8 inches; total, 182 feet 3 inches. Esglebawk Union Company, Maldon—64 feet 4 inches; total, 120 feet 9 inches. The diamond drill employed in searching for coal at Bridge Creek baa ,now reached a depth of 823 feet, the latest strata met with consisting of sandstone and shale. A decision given by the Chief Justice this morning in Eqnity suits instituted by tbe Attorney- General against Haon and Sullivan probably terminates the famous Cody- Buckley will litigation. The suit, it will be remembered, was brought by the Attorney- General to establish tbe right of the Crown to the property of Patrick Cody Buckley, who dittl intestate, leaving, as was supposed, no-next of kin. Subsequently some relations elsewhere proved their claim to the property, and the other matters having been settled, the question of costs was the only one which his Honor had to decide. After referring to a number of leading esses, his Honor came to the conclusion that the Attorney-General was entitled to get costs, as the suit was instituted for the benefit of tbe Crown. At Mr Whittingham's sale of racehorses, which took place at Kirk's Bazaar to-day, Nautilus was passed in at 390 guineas. Riverton brought 250 guineas, his purchaser being Messrs Patten and Sons, of the B) Murray. Chatterer was purchased by W. Jeffries, of the Darling, for 220 guineas: Shifnsl realised 67J guineas. The others went at lower rates. For Prince George, a two-year-old, 210 guineas was refused. Evidence was taken at the police court today in suppert of the change against Henry James Dowd, a letter-carrier, of stealing £2 from a letter, and the bench committed the accused for trial at the Central Criminal Court. At the annual meeting of tbe National Bank held to-day, a dividend of 12J percent, was decbred, which left nearly £10,000 to be carried to the reserve fond. Mr Bent has fixed tbe fares of the intercolonial bowling team, who are about to groceed to Sydney, at 25s to Wodonga and Edward Crisp, a notary public, was tried at the General Sessions to-day for forging and uttering a deed of conveyance. - It was alleged that the prisoner borrowed £500from Thomas Young, a goldsmith, npon a conveyance of land, purporting to be signed by William Knee, which signature tarned oat to be a forgery. The jury convicted the accused, who was remanded for sentence. 