Intercolonial Topics* The Stanthorpe Show was an unqualified success in respect of the fruit, vegetables, and minerals exhibited. The Governor, in performing the opening ceremony, said it was the best he had seen in Queensland this year. The stock was of fair quality, but not numerous. The Inspector of Vineyards, after inspecting the vines at Warrayurree, Hamilton district, Victoria, re ported to be attacked by phylloxera, states that the report is erroneous. Wfl loovn fivtm Aim MnlKAiima /lAnManAntlAnf thaf Mr. James Thompson, Inspector of Revenue for this colony, recently interviewed Mr. Morrah, secretary to the Lands Department, Melbourne, with the object of procuring information relative to the working of the land tax, and the system of collecting the same. Specimens of the forms and returns employed were furnished to Mr, Thompson. A deputation from the Australian Meat Freezing Company and the members for Williamstown inter viewed the Melbourne Land Board on Monday, with a re quest that slaughtering be permitted on land recently granted to the company at Williamstown, otherwise the company would be compelled to transfer theii operations to Sydney. The board intimated that the matter wonld be referred to the Minister for considera tion. A private company, has been formed, representing £25,000, and has bought 44,000 acres on the . Barton Downs, Northern Territory, suitable for sugar cultiva tion and cattle-breeding. The Comnany has also pur chased 4000 acree at Bynoe harbour. The members of the South Australian Forest Board, annoyed at no notice being taken by Government of their resignations, have passed a resolution stating that they felt they were in a false position when they offered to continue the necessary business of the board, but that they never intended the offer to apply to an indefinite period. The Murchigon station, Western Australia, with stock, was sold this week for £12,000. The meat export business makes but slow progress in Queensland. As the relief to that colony was principally required for surplus cattle, it is a source of disappointment to cattle-owners to notice that the shipments arriving in England are almost exclusively of mutton. Messrs. Wilson. Brothers, of Brisbane, speak of the position as follows ' It must be remembered, however, that these shipments as yet have gone chiefly from a colony that imports most of its beef, and where good bullocks cannot be purchased at prices which allow any margin to the preserver. It 6eems as though Queensland were likely to be the chief exporter of beef, and we may look in the near future to maintaining a steady export of carcases from Brisbane and from our principal northern ports. The prej a dice of the home consumers, fostered by interested dealers, is likely to be overcome by improved methods of distribution, and a first important step towards this result has been taken by a southern company who have arranged for the mooring of a capacious hulk in the Thames where the meat can be kept in a refrigerated stategand supplied to the retailers direct. TheRockhampton Company have received some of their freezing machinery, but are, as yet, tinning only, and have just supplied a good order to the French Government which it is expected may lead to large transactions. ' The change from extreme heat to a cooler atmo sphere that has taken place recently in Victoria, and the showers that have fallen, did good service in check ing the bushfires, which had begun to assume some what alarming proportions. Our friends in New Zealand are making the best of what may be termed a bad lot, the rabbits. Trapping and snaring are found more profitable than poisoning, for about Is. 7d.per pound is obtained for the skins of the bunnies, and lately there is an offer from a pre serving company to take 100,000 rabbits, and pay a fair price for the labour of trapping. It is thought that this company will employ not fewer than 100 men. ? ? 