COUNTRY NEWS. [BY TELEGRAPH ) (FBOM OÜB OWH COimE8rO»DBSTB.) BENALLA, WEDKESDAT. A serious fire broke out about 8 o'clock lost night, which destroyed the blacksmith's, wheelwright's, and paint shops of Mr. W. H. Hoskin. The premisea were well stocked with seasoned buggy wood, and alao contained íbice new buggieB just completed, three other substantial buggieB, a Cobb nnd Co.'e coach, and a cab. Everything waa destroyed. Mr, Hoskin estimates his loss at£l,000. He ¡B ¡named in Die Norwich Union for £200. These shops adjoin the Royal Jlotel. There ia neither a fire nor eolvoge brigade in the town, nor are there even buckets for fire purposes, Police, black trackers, hundreds of towns- people, and miners worked indefatigable to eave the hotel. The storekeepers fur- nished buckets and rope, and bucket brigades were formed. Blankets were spread on the roof and balcony of the hotel, which was saved with great difficulty. The high wind carried the sparke to the poBt-ofiice and court-house, and relays of men were stationed there to beat down the grass, "which in the locality of the courthouse frequently ignited. The fire waB fully under control at midnight. The entire Broken River has been diverted into the Broken Creek, causing a acarcity water along Mr. Turnbull's property and the other freeholds and sélections aa far as the Goulburn. The stream of water in the creek has reached as far as Youarang. A communication has been forwarded by Mr, Turnbull to the Commissioner (Mr. Young), complaining that the agreement bad not been carried out. The agreement WBB that water should be run into the creek for 10 days, bo.' it has now been running constantly for maiiy weeks. An action against the Government by the Broken River residents ia likely to result. ECHUCA, WEDNESDAY. Mr. J, D. Mills, manager of the Bank of Victoria, left to-day for Stawell. Prior to his departure he waa preaonted with a purse of sovereigns by the mayor. The presenta- tion took place in the town-ball, where about 30 gentlemen, representative of every intcreat, bad met. The weather still continues to be very op- pressive. The maximum Bhado reading of the glass yesterday was lOOdog. Arrived,-Pride of the Murray, with a cargo of wool, from Wentworth, , KERANG, WEDNESDAY. ' A meeting of the local Railway League will bo held this evening, to mako arrangements in connexion with the visit of the Minister of Railways, who is expected to reach Kerang to-morrow night or on Friday morning. The principal subject to be discussed will be the Bite for the local railway station. The late Minister fixed the Bite close to the town- ship, and the inhabitants do not want it removed. Some influence is, however, being used to have an other'sito selected, aud the league intend to object to this being done. The weather np to four o'clock to-day was very bot. At that time a dust storm came up, bnt only lasted a few miuutes. Since then the weather baa become quito cool. Rain has threatened frequently, but none has yet fallen. KOROIT, WEDNKSDAT. Nine young men, respectably connected, were charged at the police-court this morn- ing with insulting behaviour on New Year's Eve. Evidence waa given of their having, on the evening named, waited until the police retired, and then taken possession of the main street, shouting and singing, pulling off every gate in their way, and rousing up each inhabitant as they paeBed along. Whero the parties wonld not get up, they lifted the windowD, and demanded at each place f/tnrt A« .:-¡«.u mi- y^iii^j UIU^HU waa rncUnea To rnuietr*t7etheavy penalty, bat the local magistrates urged leniency. Two of the defendants (M'Carthy and John Spring) were each fined 40a., a previous offence being proved against them, and the seven others were fined 20a. each. MANSFIELD, WEDNESDAY. The weather has been very close, and generally unpleasant throughout the day. Steady rain has now commenced, and hopes are entertained that it will continue during the night. MARYBOROUGH, WEDNESDAY. One of the oldest residents in this district, Mr. Edward O'Fariel, died this morning at Ballarat, whither he proceeded yoBterday in the hope that the change might improve his health, which'had been in a very low state for some months past. He always took a prominent part in political contesta and public agitations of every kind. He contested thia constituency against Mr, Nathaniel Levi, who defeated him. j PORT ALBERT, WEDNESDAY. The yacht Secret, which was driven aground with a party of excursionists on Little Snake Island, was got afloat and into Lewis Chdnsclyeeterday by the contractors, Measra. Smith Brothers., with tho aid of local fisher- men. They expect to arrive to-morrow at Port Albert wharf, where temporary repairs will be effected beforo leaving for Mel- bourne. SALE, WEDNESDAY. At a meeting of the Sale Turf Club to-day it was decided to hold a race meeting on the 29th and SOth March. The Hon. W. Pearson waa re-elécted president, nnd Mr. W. E. Power vice-president. A number of new mem- bers were cnrollod. The added money to bo given away omountB to 325 aova.; that of Hie Sale Handicap being 50 so vs.; Hurdle Race, 30 sovs. Rain ia falling, bnt the weather ia still close. SMYTHESDALE, WEDNESDAY, The weather yesterday morning was most oppressive, with a north wind, and dust Everywhere. In the afternoon we had thunder, but little rain. Last night waa close, and this morning the same, but oariy in the afternoon steady rain commenced, with every appearance of its continuing. TATURA, WEDNESDAY. A aerioua accident occurred thia afternoon to a little boy about nine yeara of age, BOO of Mr. Bainea of thiB townahip. He accident- ally fell over the edge of the goods platform under the legs of one of a team of bullocks which .were standing near. Tho bnllocka moved on, and one of the wheels of the dray passed over the child's head and one of his handa, nnd he wa« picked up in an insensible state. A welcome chango in the weather Bet in this afternoon. Light showers have fallen, and the temperature of the air baa ronsider ably decreased. The Ballarat Courier reporta that " some miners engaged in sinking the shaft of the "Victoria United Company experienced a fortunate escape from injury on Tuesday, tho interposition of nn unusually strong pent-house, erected for their protection, proving equal to a crucial test. The winding engine was being worked, and tho cage in ono shaft waa at about (iOft. from the bottom, the other being a corresponding distance from the braco, when suddenlv tho enpjne got out of gear, and the ropea slipped out of position. Tho lower cngo rattled down the shaft, carrying the whole length of rope with it, and descended on tho pent- house Mitha sounding crash, but not wit! forco sufficient to break through it. The other cngo wna taken up to tho bends, whero, tho safety appliances on it actinjr, it rcmainod hard and fast. It waa indeed fortunate for the sinkers that their cover was Btronz enough to support the cage and tho weight of rope which carne down on it Tho accident, which at firBt assumed a very serious aspect, did not cause much damage, and in a short time things were in working order again." A allocking accident (says the Ballarat Cot« ter) occurred at the Black-hill, Gordon, on Monday evening, by which the driver of a timber waggon, named Berry, lost his life, lhe unfortunate mon was engaged in carting a load of timber from Ballan to Ballarat, and at about half past 8 o clock called in at the Black Swan Hotel for a drink, but was perfectly sober. Half an hour later Mr P .tyan, of Messrs Byan Bros , while travelling homeward*, Baw the team of horses standing still, apparently without n driver, and on approaching the timber TI rippon Baw deceased Ijing under tbe fore wheels, quite dead, with his bead fearfully Bmaahed. Berry bad apparently slipped off his waggon by accident, and falling under the wheels his head had acted as a chock, and BO prevented the team drawing the loud further On Mr. Byan giving information, the body was conveyed to the Black Swan Hotel, awaiting n magis- terial inquirj '1 he deceased resided in the locality of the Black Swamp road, Bunga- ree. Since the recent warm and dry weather hue eet m bush tires have become frequent, 'lhe JJenalla Standard states that "during the past three or four da) a large quantities of smoke have been floating about the ntmo Bpbero all round the town of Benalla, caused by bneh fires We hav e been informed that three Irres in different localities have been burning at the same time, the most destruc- tive being that in the vicinity of Samaria, where much groBa baa been destroyed The other fires occurred at Swanpool and Devenish, but BO far the farmers in theso partB have not had any crop burnt ' A travel- ling correspondent of the Bendigo Independent says -" Before harvest l8 fairly finished, and in the very driest and hotteBt part of summer, bush fires are already threatening to sweep the country with destruction, and cap the climax of a barren, unprofitable season. On Wednesday last, to the south and west of Korong Vide, dense volumes of smoke wera to be Been issuing from the settled lands, indi- cating tho prevalence of bush fircB. The destruction of fences and other property last sear in theBO neighbourhoods from the care- less and indiscriminate use of fire mast be freeh in tbe minde of the Bottlers, but it should be unnecessary to recall the sad havoc then effected, BO as to impress them with the utmOBt caution in using fire." The Federal Standard reports -"A ter- rible bush-fire which, had it not been for the assistance of the neighbours, would have ended in great destruction throughout the neighbourhood (the dryness of everything and the heat of the weather being very great) occurred on Sunday morning at Brown's Plains. About a fortnight ago, it appears a lightning storm struck some dry timber and set it on fire. The fire was still smouldering, and it is supposed the high wind fanning it burnt the grass into a flame. The fire began in Pope's old paddock, from thence spreading to Mr. Morris's, and onward to Mr. Martin's. Mr. Morris lost upwards of a mile of fencing and an orchard of fruit trees. Mr. Martin also lost fencing and a large quantity of grass. The fire, by the exertions of those engaged, was luckily put out. On Friday, a serious fire occurred at Leseberg's farm, also on Brown's Plains, but it was luckily confined to the one property. The weather was very hot. The fire began in the barn, which was totally destroyed, together with a large quan- tity of wheat and a considerable quantity of new hotel furniture, which was stored there. Leseberg's house (a publichouse) was on fire three times, but by the exertions of those present there was little damage done. 