TEE RAILWAY WORKS IN THE RANGES. (From a correspondent.) A little below the Quarry a track leaves the York road, which, if followed for a short dis- tance, brings us out upon the scene of the pre- sent operations of the contractors for the second section of the Eastern Railway. The little village of wood and canvas erections which has sprung up here, amidst massive boulders and rocky glens, might, not inappropriately, be named ' Masonville,' for, in addition to the association of the place with the name of the energetic officer who is at present directing this public work, it is, a fact, I believe, that the cutting operations have brought to light some excellent building stone. It may therefore be expected that the stone supply for the construction of the future palaces of Perth will be obtained from this spot. The Houses of Parliament which we may erect in the future, of the beautiful grey granite found in this spot, may, I hope, be typ- ical of the solidity of the institutions built, up under our constitution-to-be, while, if they stand in proximity to our public offices of today, it is to be hoped they may notify a marked advance in the art of architectural design. Then, again, how gratifying to the eye and to the weary feet of its clients, and how appropriate, also, would be a grey granite W. A. Bank on some site within reach of the business portions of the town, decorated externally in that ornate style pecu- liar to these colonial institutions. But I must return from visions of the future to the railway upon the Mount. The contractors have made good progress with the cuttings and embankments, some nine or ten of the former being at present in pro- gress, while one is just completed. As far as they have gone as yet it does not appear that the earth from the cuttings has been sufficient to form the embankments ; so that material has to be thrown up from the sides. This is accomplish- ed with a miuimum of manual labour by break- ing up the soil-where it is not too strong-with large heavy ploughs, requiring six horses to Ítull them, and turning up a sod about 1½ feet wide by nearly a foot m depth. After a strip of land has been thus served, the loosened soil is run up to the line in barrows by hand labour-the process of ploughing being repeated until sufficient earth has been obtained. Most of the cuttings entered upon as yet have been through clay and soft porous stone what may be termed the casing of the solid rock. But there is one cutting about a mile within the rlange which is being taken through, a spur of solid granite, requiring unlimited dynamite to move it. It is interesting to see this ' holy' dynamite put to a legitimate use in the paths of progress, and a fine sight to watch its powerful effect-provided you do so from a safe distance. But when startled by a loud re- port, and at sight of a huge mass of stone falling violently to the ground within twenty yards of your feet, while another falls close to your right, and again another behind you, it requires some self-control to appear unconcerned, and there comes over you an irresistible impulse to elev- ate the shoulders, to shut tight the eyes, and breathlessly to await the result. Then, what a sigh of relief you give vent to when the last thud is heard, and how firmly you determine never again to take an opportunity of gaining practical experience of the power of dynamite. Proceeding along the hill, and observing the * grades' as shown by the pegs and poles, one cannot but be-struck with the sudden ups and downs. It is evident, that a few additional feet taken out of some of the cuttings and a few feet added to some of the embankments would make a much easier working line. But then it must be remembered that to do this would be to increase the cost and to shorten the section, perhaps, by some miles. How far it is warrant- able to sacrifice the grades to length of extension can only be determined by those experienced in the working of railways. The line for some distance winds up a pic- turesque valley which, though new blackened by a fierce bushfire which has swept over it, will, in spring time, be marvellously lovely, decked with the wild flowers which grow here in such profusion. Some distance up this val- ley the contractors have sunk a well and ob- tained a supply of excellent water. The time is not far distant when the iron horse will put within reach of the many the pleasures of a picnic in the Range, which hitherto could only be enjoyed by the few. A school feast in the mountains will be a real delight for children from the city and port. The late heavy rains have made it apparent that a few of " Higman's historical drains, " which are said to be useless in some places, would be most welcome could they be moved to the upper side of these cut- tings. To judge from the neat manner in which the work is being trimmed and finished off, it would not appear that the contractors are at all disappointed with the way the ground answers to their expectations. They have a consider- able number of local men in their employ, some of whom they find excellent labourers. 