COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. Melbourne, November 10. Sergeant Fenton, of Collin gwood, has been served with a writ for £500, damages for assault and false imprisonment, at the in stance of a young man named T. L. Edwards, who was arrested on Sunday last for obstruct ing a thoroughfare during one of the Bowie crusade disturbances. When Edwards appeared to answer the charge neither In spector Greene nor Mr. Fenton would accept the responsibility of prosecuting, and the defendant was discharged. The Government offer a reward of £100 for information that will lead to the conviction of the perpetrators of the robbery at the G eneralPost-Office. Six stolen £5 bank-notes were exchanged for gold at the Bank of Australasia, wil liamstown, on Wednesday, and on their being exchanged at the local branch of the Commercial Bank to-day the Manager saw j that they were portion of the notes stolen from the Post-Office. He communicated with the police, who obtained a description j Acafk*Tball will be^held next month in aid of the Musical and Dramatic Association. A prize of £50 has been offered by Messrs. W. Howard Smith & Sons for the best essay on the growth of the commerce of Australia. It has been decided that the papen shall he handed to Professor Strong, of the Melbourne University, who will select three of the best, and those are to be handed to the Sydney Chamber of Commerce to make a final decision. ■ Mr. Savill has sold The Assyrian, the I winner of the Melbourne Cup, to Mr. C. A. Agnew, for 400 guineas. The horse is to have a few months' rest, and will be sent to Tasmania to-morrow. Great complaintB are made by the farmers as to the scarcity of harvest hands, not withstanding the nigh wages. Mr. Eli Johnson, the American temperance lecturer, who recently arrived in this colony, _ was suddenly seized with a serious illness at Beaufort after lecturing last night. He retired to bed appa rently well, but was discovered in the morning insensible, a doctor being unable to restore consciousness. Mr. Johnson was for warded to Ballarat, where he subsequently became conscious and is now progressing favourably. It is supposed to be a case of apo plexy. Superintendent Winch has withdrawn his application for a Board, and has resolved to accept a retiring pension. Twenty nominations were received to day for six seats as members of the Council of the Working Men's Col lege, about to be established. Four of these have be elected by subscribers of from 2s. 6d. to £1, and two by subscribers of over £1. In addition to these two members each have to be nominated by the Govern ment, the Trades Hall Committee, the Uni versity, and by the Public Library. Melbourne. November 12. A girl named Emma Dellan, 17 years of age, and of prepossessing appearance, was arrested to-day as perpetrator of a long series of extraordinary swindles on trades people and others. The prisoner was a resi dent of St. Hilda, and about a dozen warrants have been issued for her arrest. Amongst the victims were two different undertakers, to whom she had represented her mother as being dead, and had ordered a coffin to be 'sent to a given address, but before leaving she invariably succeeded in borrowing a sum of money. A farmer named Patrick Keogh, living at Kyneton, was thrown from his dray to- aay and killed. I The Northumberland, so long and well known as a favourite passenger vessel, which arrived on Saturday, has been converted from a steamer into a sailing vessel. A large bush-fire has been burning for several dayB in the malleer scrub. \- The committee of the Melbourne Cricket Club have invited the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team to supper in the pavilion on the evening of their arrival. The Governor, the members of the Ministry, the Mayor, and the Recep tion Committee of the Victorian cricketers have been invited. In an action Watson against Crooke, in which the plaintiff, a farmer in the Wimmera district, sued the defendant for maliciously prosecuting him on a charge of stealing two sheep, the property of a third party, in which a verdict was given favouring damages, the defence was that there were reasonable grounds for prosecution. The decision as to costs was reserved. The Church of England CongresB( which will be opened on Tuesday, is attracting con siderable interest. Many eminent clergy men have arrived from various parts of Aus tralia for the purpose of taking part. Dr. Peaison, Bishop of Newcastle, preaches on Tuesday morning in St. Paul's. In the afternoon the Bishop of Melbourne, who will preside at the Congress, will deliver an inaugural address. The Congress will include afternoou and evening sittings. On Tuesday the subjects will be—in the morning, "The Relations of the Church of England to all Protestant Churchesin the evening, " The Duty of the Church of England in Regard to Unbelief." The cricket match Melbourne against South Melbourne, for the Cleeland Challenge Cup, ended in a victory for the former by 7 wickets. Melbourne, November 13. At a meeting of the University Council to-day a regulation was passed conferring on the holders of certificates as civil engineers the same privilege as the graduates w the faculty of law have hitherto en.joyed for pro ceeding to a degree in arts. The motion for admitting the Press to the legislative meet ings of the Council was negatived by 11 to 2. A communication was received from Dr. G. Grove, Director of the new College of Music, intimating that the Hon. IP. J. Clarke had founded a scholarship open to Victorian musical students. Reports regarding the fire which occurred amongst the mailbags on board the Alaska on September 12, during the voyage of that vessel from Sydney to San Francisco, have reached the Postmaster-General by the Peshawur. The fire is supposed to have been caused by the ignition of some combus tible material contained in a letter in the New South Wales bags. A number of bags of letters from New South Wales and New Zealand were destroyed, but the Victorian letters escaped. Notice is to be issued cautioning the public of the danger of forwarding combustibles by post. Another school teacher has been suspended for falsifying the ioIIs to obtain an increase of salary. The repairs to H.M.S. Nelson having been completed she was floated out of dock this afternoon. The project of sheathing her rudder was not sanctioned by the Admiralty. The amendment moved by Sir J. O'Shanassy for the purpose of limiting the operations of the Loans Conversion Bill to £4,000.000, the amount of the debt which has to be redeemed next year, is not expected to receive general support, as it does not raise the issue which other opponents of the Goverment proposal regard as of principal importance, namely, whether the debentures which are about to mature can be converted or paid off in cash to be raised by new debentures. The annual meeting of the General As sembly of the Presbyterian Church in Vic toria commenced this evening. The Rev. Dr. Mercer was appointed Moderator for the ensuing year, ana delivered an inaugural address. Six deputies from New South Wales were formally welcomed and made associate members. _ The annual sittings of the Baptist Associa tion in Victoria commenced this evening, and the Rev. W. Clarke was appointed Chair man. He delivered an inaugural address, expressing gratification at the jirogress 0f the denomination in South Australia, New South Wales, Q"eensland, and other colo nies, as well as in the old country. A meeting of the Echuca Shire Council to day resolved to suspend the Secretary, J. W. Pemberton, who recently attempted to commit suicide, and ordered a special audit of the accounts. George Sharp, well known in the North Eastern District, and who represented Moira in the Assembly in 1877-SO, has died, after a lingering illness, from jaundice, aged sixty. A serious fire broke out this afternoon at the Vinegar Works, South Yarra. It origi nated from some unexplained manner in the stable, and three horses were burnt. The flames extended te an eight-roomed house occupied by the manager, Mr. Reid, and his family. Mr. Reid was absent in Ballarat. A great deal of furni ture was removed, but the house was destroyed. The fire brigades arrived promptly, but the water pressure was very low. The flames communicated to the upper story works, and a quantity of barrels, some full of vinegar, were destroyed. The damage is estimated at £2,000. No informa tion is obtainable as to whether the premises were insured. A number of publicans who held booths on the Flemington Racecourse at the late V.R.C. Meeting were fined to-day for selling inferior spirits from bottles bearing favourite brands." Inspector Secretan, the officer in charge of the Detective Department, has gone to Tas mania on three months' leave of absence. An action brought by W. Knox against the Board of Land and Works for £3,500 for damages caused byinjuries sustained through a collision at Windsor came before the Supreme Court to-day. The defendants paid £350 into Court After the plaintiff's case had been stated the matter was settled on defendants agreeing to pay £100 in addition Co to the amount paid into Court. An application was made to the Supreme Court to-dav to rescind the probate of the will of Isaac Solomon, late of Melbourne, brash manufacturer. The testator died in April I last, leaving his property to his son or, if his Bon died, to testator s daughter and brothers. This recent ai>plication was made on behalf 1 of his wife, who has been living in Sydney apart from her husband for some years, i J udgment was reserved. Melbourne, November 14. The Spencer-street Railway Station will be lit by electricity on Friday. The platform with the incandescent light and the station yard with the Brush arc light. The Wilson Hall at the Melbourne Uni versity, erected at a cost of £37,090, although not yet formally opened, was brought into use yesterday for the first time at the ordi nary examinations. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of J. T. P. Caulfield, known as the boy politician, on a charge of false pretences. Caulfield, who proceeded to Sydney by the Peshawur, is alleged to have given a value less cheque for £17 in satisfaction of a County Court judgment; The Crown Law Department has decided to hold an enquiry into the conduct of Dr. O'Donnell, an honorary Magistrate in the Sandhurst District, who was fined for drunkenness and disorderly conduct. At the Bitting of the Police Commission to day sworn declarations by James Walsh with regard to the practice of detectives in "put-up" jobs were lead. The declarations contained serious charges against several members of the detective force. The Com mission received two returns of County and Supreme Court actions instituted against Superintendent Winch during the last two years. Winch, it was shown, had been sum moned in eight cases in each Court during the period stated. The total amount of his debts waB about £1,250. The weather is hot. I In the Presbyterian General Assembly I a petition was received from the Rev. D. Shearer, of Perth Presbyterian Church, Western Australia, not to except Perth, as it was desirable to become connected with the Melbourne Presbytery. The petition was granted. A motion was carried to the effect that all chargCB affecting character or of the nature of disputes should be investi gated in private Bession, unless a specific I motion he carried to a contrary effect. I Private letters from London state that it is likely the honour of a baronetcy will be conferred upon the Hon. W. J. Clarke, in recognition of bis services as President of the Melbourne International Exhibition. A large representative meeting of vignerons of the North-Eastern districts, convened at the request of Mr. Thomas Hardy, of South Australia, was held at Rutherglen this evening, to consider the phylloxera in the vines near Geelong. Mr. Hardy urged the necessity of thoroughly eradicating the disease, and said that only in rave instances were the vines in the Geelong district pro perly uprooted, as new shoots were now springing. He complained of the work not being properly conducted, and urged that immediate action should be taken. It was decided that a deputation wait upon the Minister of Agriculture on the 23rd. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, who arrived by the Peshawur, was waited upon by a deputation from the Victoria Coursing Club to-day, and congratulated upon his safe return to the colony. The Rev. Silas Mead attended the sitting of the Baptist Association to-day as delegate for South Australia, and was warmly welcomed. An officer of the Public Works Depart ment, having been sent with an engine to the bridge over the Murray at Wahgunyali, reports that the bridge is iu a very unsafe condition. The Nelson leaves Melbourne for Port Ade laide in a fortnight, and will subsequently proceed to Hobart tor the Christmas holidays. Melbourne, November 15. The George Thompson, which went ashore at the Heads yesterday, and was afterwards floated off, started for Hobson's Bay by the South Channel this morning, at 0.15 a.m., in tow of the Albatros. The Carlton Brewery Fire Brigade after their success in Sydney met with a warm re ception on their return last night. The agricultural districts in the north-west are not expected to give more than an average vield of seven bushels to the acre. The Lilydalc Railway will be opened on December 1. Melbourne, November 15, Evening. Major Fergusson and the Rev. Silas Mead, visitor's from South Australia, spoke at the sitting of the Baptist Association to-day on the subject of the introduction of Bible-read ing in State schools. Both earnestly recom mended that immediate efforts should be made to effect an alteration in the present Education Act in this direction. The Rev. Dr. Potter expressed a hope that before long the Bible would be recognised as the text-book in the State schools. At the Central Criminal Court to-day William Thomson ana Henry Lerse were charged with stealing a tray of gold rings from Mr. Slater, a jeweller in Richmond. Thomson entered the shop and asked to see some rings. The tray containing them was handed to him, when he immediately bolted. Thompson pleaded guilty, and Lerse was found guilty of receiving. Both were re manded for sentence. Candidates have entered for the ensuing University matriculation examination to the number of 850. The highest number in any previous examination was 780. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, in replying to a deputation from the Victoria Yacht Club, which waited upon him to-day to congra tulate him upon his safe return, expressed the hope that there would be another inter colonial regatta this season. The Tasmanian rifle team arrived to-day, and were received by several members of tne Association. In the case of E. L. Zox against W. E. Petty, for £250 as commission on the sale of defen dant's interest under his late father's will, a verdict was given for the plaintiff, the dcfen dant not appearing. A largely attended meeting of gentlemen interested m land in the Kiinberley District, Western Australia, was held to-day. Arrange ments were made for dealing with the land, and the meeting adjourned till a future day. A man named Thomas Murcott, who was found hiding in the ladies' room at the flinders-street Station, has been fined £3 or a month's imprisonment. Melbourne, November 15, Midnight. The Edison Light Company have obtained permission to light either the Council Chamber or the central hall of Parliament Building as an expeiiment. It is stated that the warrant issued for the arrest of J. P. T. Caulfield was inaccurate. A writ of capias was issued, and steps had been taken to procure a warrant, but the proceedings were not-carried through. Mr. Joseph Bosisto, M.L.A., sailed for Adelaide to-day by the s.s. Victorian, and will remain there for about a fortnight. He will visit the principal olive and forest plantations, in which he takes great interest. Mr. Bosisto is an old South Australian colo nist, having landed in the colony over thirty four ycais ago. _ Negotiations have been proceeding for some time past between the Opposition and the members sitting in the Ministerial corner with the object of forming a coalition. A number of the former party have authorized Mr. Berry to act independently of Major Smith and Mr. Patterson if he finds those members stand in his way. 