INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. ~" "NEW'SOUTrTWALES. *~"~ ' '(FROM OÓft-OWÑ OORttfWPONDSNTS.) " ' 1 " SYDNEY, SATÖRD.YT. A large meeting oí persona interested in Australian wines waa held to-day for the parpóse of considering the representation of the colony at the Bordeaux Exhibition. The Hon. Jas, F. Burns, member for the Sunter district, who occupied the chair, intimated that Sir John Robertson hal authorised him to state that the Government fully sympa- thised with the movement, and would give it liberal aid. The Lusitania, which sailer] yesterday for Lon- don, was furnished by the Orange Slaughter- ing Company with a supply of meat for the voyage, consisting of beef, mutton, veal, and other goods, which were delivered on board frozen hurd on Friday morning. The Lusitania has only, a small freezing chamber, aud does not take a frozen-meat cargo. The quantity taken for abip'a stores consisted of about 10 tons of meat, besides a quantity of poultry and milk. Much dissatisfaction is exproaaed at the delay which 'has occurred in landing and delivering the cargo, and books, papera, and periodicals per Garonne, An accident happened last night to the Gundagai coach hear Cootamundra. There were 12 pasaengers,~inclndicg several ladies, one of whom had her ankle dislocated. No one else was injured. SuNDAT.1 The foundation-stone of a new church in Lower Fort-street, dedicated to St. Michael, > Was laid on Saturday afternoon by Archbishop Vaughan. The new edifice will cost £2,800' when finished. The collection taken up after ? the archbishop's address, amounted to £224. A public meeting was hold in the Theatre , Boyal on Saturday afternoon in reference to the Licensing Act. About 500 persona were present. ReBolutionB were carried disap- proving of tho provisions of the act closing the licensed houseB at 11 p.m., and all day on Sundays, as unnecessary and arbitrary. An unsuccessful attempt was made a few nights ago to rob the Commercial Bank at "Wellington, Auger holes were bored in the back door, and a piece of wood cut out, the object being to enable the robbers to turn the key. The robbers appear to have been dis- turbed, as noting was taken. The entries for the New South Wales National Begatta, on Anniversary Day (23th inst.) were made on Saturday night. > The various events filled fairly well. Elias Lay- cock was the only competitor for, the champion belt, which has already been won on two consecutive occasions. Macpherson, the man whoBe arm was torn off by a lion last Sunday, is "progressing favourably.' His recovery is most astonishing considering the shock to the system and the excessive beat which has prevailed since the amputation of the limb. A shark measuring 13ft. was captured in the harbour yesterday. A medical school will be started in Jane I next, in connexion with the Sydney Uni versit'y. The weather continues very sultry, and there is no sign of a change. Arrived.-Saturday-City of Melbourne, s. s., from Melbourne ; Coriolanns, ship, from Loudon. Sunday-Gulf of Carpentaria, s.S., from London ; Garioch, ship, from London ¡ Moel Rhiwan, barque, from London ; Fawn, brig, from New Zealand ; Victor, schooner, from the South Seas, Sailed.-Saturday-Wentworth, B.B,, for Welbourne ; India, schooner, for Noumea ; Princess Louise, schooner, and Moe we, Ger- man war Bteamer, for the South Seas, Sun- day-Charles B. Kenny, for San Francisco. ALBURY, SUKDAT. The heat here has been exceptional during the laBt week. The temperature in the Bhade on Thursday was 107, on Friday 113, and yesterday 114deg. To-day the weather is again most oppressive. The cricket match yesterday, organised for the purpose of obtaining funds for the Albury Hospital, resulted in comparative failure from the terrific heat. The attendance was small from. the latter reason, and the gentlemen engaged (it being a non players or muffs match) not being accus- tomed to exercise, suffered very mach, Messrs. Geo. Day and W. J. Line, members of Parliament for the district, played ; and Mr, James Day had something like an attack of apoplexy. If a change docs not saan set in the result will be disastrous to the pastoral and farming interests, and the wine industry will be seriously affected, The match, Carltons v, Alberts, was re Burned on the association's ground on Satur- day. The Alberts w ,re at the wickets all the afternoon, and Bcoied 229 before the last wicket fell. . Massie contributed 95, and H. Moses C9. The Carltons had scored 270 in their 1st innings on Saturday week. Several bush-fires have been raging ia the neighbourhood dating the last few days. 