BREVIA. Large bush fires near Mount Egerton. Germany is still indignant with Russia. The East Loddon water trust is opposed. Extensive bush-fires in the Western dis- trict. They are prajing for rain in South Aus tralia. Vintage going on briskly in the Murray district. ■ The now famous Mr Bryant is said to be missing. The late Mr Karnot was one of the silent members. . . Great scene with larrikins in Carlton on Saturday, ' A kitten has just been born in Fitzroy with aeveu legs. “ Patience " is to be produced in Melbourne on the Ist July. . The Sydney municipality ia about to try wood pavement. The Exhibition Hall Cos., Geelong, appeara to be successful. Political speculation already arising over the Geelong vacancy.. . , Farm work is at a stand-still in most oi the northern districts- ■ The late Mr Kemot, M.L.A, was a lover of -scientific pursuits, _No less than six candidate* are already men tioned for Geelong. . Dead heat between Seymour and Martin at Carlo Cricket Ground. ■, Mr W. Blair, storekeeper, Sb. Arnaud, died suddenly on Saturday- The bulk of the underground water* pass through the Wiinmera. The Camberwell railway will be opened for traffic on the 3rd pros. ** Balling” and “ bearing” said ■to bo very prevalent at Sandhurst. At present three large groups of sunspots are crossing the Ban’s disc. A joint water scheme is projected for Amherst and Maryborough. Many persons are sufferiog from exhaustion from the heat of the weather. The Portland Steamship Company has de cided to buy another steamer. Archdeacon Slattery is traversing Bishop Moorhouse’s views on prayer. The Age thinks the dismissal of Mr Wallis worse than Black Wednesday. . .’ Grapes are scarce, but the saccharine matter is mure than usually abuudaht. A girl four years of age died in Geelong Hospital on Saturday from burns. One seed firm in ‘ England has 20 acres devoted to raising mignonette seed. - A rule nisi has been granted ior a new trial in the case of Williams v the Argus. The salary of the Parliamentary draughts man to be raised to £BOO per annum. The Geelong group municipal meeting de cided to have nothing to do with tolls. - Ic is now said that the story about the King of Ashantee killing 200 girls is untrue. The N.S.W. Government has decided to proceed with the Cook Biver Tramway. The men who brutally ill-treated a horse at Horsham have been committed for trial. It is said that a great deal of the Victorian butter exported was spoiled by bad packing. The exact amount of liabilities of Mr John Warreu, produce merchant, ia not yet known. The Iforfd says that Mr Chomley, the new Chief Commissioner of Police, is beginning well. The Hobart Mercury thinks that Tasmanian stone ought to be used for Houses of Parlia ment. Many cattle are being ' killed through becoming unmanageable when they smell water. Sir Henry Parkes is overwhelmed with invi tations in London. Mr Berry was not by any means, Mr W. Smith of Avocs, has sold his race horse “Casablanca” to a Melbourne trainer for £7O. Mrs Piercy (Miss Dargon) recited Fontenoy at the St. Patrick’s Day banquet, at Wagga Wagga, The oft-discussed question of marriage with a deceased wife’s sister is still agitating Eng lish society. The .Government departments never had such a time of reports and Boards as they are having now. Mr Panton, F.M., says that it is impossible to deal effectually with larrikins nhder the existing law. The Police Commission will meet on Tues day, the jtb pros., to decide whether or not it shall go on. - Mr Duncan, head master of Teesdale school, accidentally shot himself on Saturday whilst after turkeys, Mr Berry masqueraded at Geelong, says the Telegraph, in the character of the prophet of moderation. Tyson, an official in the Bank of Tasmania, has departed for California. Ha leaves a de ficiency of £5OO. Payable gold has been struck at Woodstock, near Hokitika, and a number of claims have been pegged off. The Portland Guardian states that Messrs Skene Brothers have sold their station 1 and purpssa leaving the district. The camels taking supplies to Mount Browne are said -to be half loaded with tobacco and preserved fruit. Browning is not considered by the Bendigo Advertiser worthy of mention in comparison with Longfellow or Tennyson. The s.s. Sorrento, which arrived from Lon don on Saturday, has brought out with her a new patent refrigerating machine. Captain Chatfield, of the Ringarooma, goes home to bring out one of the new steamers for the Union Company of New Zealand. Mr Charles Kernot, M.L.A, died at Geelong on Sunday, at'the age of 62 years, after an illness which lasted for some months^ We read in the Mail about “ the journal that exposed the hoax.” We thought that the exposure was made by many journals. In terrestrial magnetism there have been continuous slight disturbances, which gradu ally subsided towards the end of the week. _Mr Justice Higinbotham thinks that the right of a newspaper to ciiticise a public is not different from that.of a private person. The Yackandandah creek, famous for its rushing stream of beautiful turbid water, ia now all but perfectly dry and warm as to its bed. Q£ all the races to whom the contact of civilisation has been fatal, there is none more swiftly or surely dying out than the Queens land blackfellow. No policy, wa [Argus) maintain, can be regarded as a success which does not provide in Victoria—the pick of the group—a career for all Victorians. Mr C. H. Barbour, a well-known squatter, fell down dead in Beechworlh whilst walking with a friend. Ho was a nephew of Hamilton Hume, the explorer. Business at the Capo is very depressed and trade operations ate restricted. Over specula tion in diamond shares and the drought are the principal causes, ■ Mr Childers is mentioned as a probable successor to Sir Henry Brand, who is likely to resign the Speakership of the House of Com mons during the year. The force of folly can no further go. The Eev. C. M. Cherbury believes that the hoax perpetrated* upon the Age is a warning from God to the people of the colony, Mr Bent has called for a number of reports from the heads of. branches in the Kail way Department relative to the condition at varioue times of the late Hobson’s Bay railway. Having been very badly hoaxed , the Age feels, says tho Geelong Times a very natural chagrin, at finding' itself the butt for the whole colony’s laughter for a day or two. The Berald says;—“There can bd but little doubt now that our morning contemporary the dye has been hoaxed over what will he his torically known in Melbourne as the Russian Designs.'’ r . The Age Bays;-“The first key-note to the business of tho torthcoming session was struck last night at Geelong, whoro Hr Berry, in a speech of singular moderation, reviewed tho present political situation,” . The late ; Mr Inspector Brooke Smith was popular at Ararat, where ho was once stationed. He was the moving spirit Mn the first grand ball given there, upon the dccasion of Sir Henry Barkly’a visit in 1858. Mr Reginald Murray reports that a very large aggregate quantity of fresh water is in constant motion - seaward beneath. 1 the Wins jnera district, crossing a line, say, from Donald north-westcorner of Victoria. ■The Argus says:—-“If the people. ever nee their power for the'parnosa of re establishing Berfyism, they will.assuredly de-‘ .serve a repetition .of, all the .losses and Bufferings it brought on them during its late ascendancy.” , " Whan all has'blown over (says the U, andD Advertiser), it; will be probably-found that Bryant has hoaxed the -Age,- or allowed his name to be used for' tho.purpose, and that Journal will rectify itself'in the public miad by showing that it was misled. ' The Geelong Advertiser aaya “ The ad dross which .Mr Berry delivered here on .«•' will command itself, wo think, to the country, for it is : temperate in ton* and in the.mftter of St “ptowg to *xeite party, feeling, nor 