TUMUT ELECTION. As everyone almost expected, the result of the election for Tumut has beon to place Mr. T. O. O'Mara at the head' of tho poll. The polling created but littlo excitement in the district generally, and tho popularity of the now mom ber o£ Parliament was evinced by the hearty applause which greeted the announcement of the returns from the various polling booths. Adelong during the polling-day was in a state of great excitement, but good humour pre vailod, and everything passed off without any thing serious happening. At Adolong Mr. Bardwell polled 100 votes, Mr. O'Mara 123, and Mr. Emanuol 57. So iar as Tumut was concerned the olection was conducted in a very quiet orderly mannor, and there was very little excitement. . On Monday evening laBt, at Adelong, Mr. O'Mara addressed the electors, and in reference to the education question said : On this question he did not wish to leave any doubt on the minds of the electors, and wished to romovo afalBO impression that had got abroad with reference to his opinions. Any mam who opposed the present Education Act was a traitor. As far as he was concerned, he would by his vote and voice endeavor to protect the Education Aot. Ho would bring tho schoolmaster into overy family, and advocate tho ostablishmont of schools in overy part of tho colony. Ho knew the value of education, and would support it to the utmost of his powor. Mr.O'Mara,thosueeeasfulcandidate,ad3ressed on Tuesday the electors frnm tkn l»lm»r )f the Boynl Hotel, thanking nil for their sup port. He particularly thanked his opponent, Mr. Bardwell, for the *manner*in which he had jonduoted thecontest. Thoprocoodingsthrough lut were of a very orderly charaoter, and thore i»as littlo or no excitement. Our correspondent telegraphs to-day (Thurs 3ay):— Mr. E. M. Shelley, returniug officer, made tho official declaration of tho poll.to-day as follows: — O'Mara 527, Emanuel 299, and Bardwell 212. Mr. O'Mara returned thanks to the electors in a neat, but short speooh. Mr. Emanuel spoke very warmly, and said the merits of the candidates had not been taken into consideration, but that religions enthusiasm had been, aroused to assist the successful candi date He pitied Mr. Bardwoll, whom he con sidered doped by the Catholic party. The pioceedihgs during this' speooh promised to be very disorderly,; but quiet was soon restored. Mr. Bardwell stoutly denied the imputation that he had been urged on by any particular sect at the onset of the election. He had agreed to treat Mr. O'Mara in- a gentlemanly manner, and did so. Mr. O'Mora proposed a cordial vote of thanks' to the Beturning- offlcor, whose tact had pre served good order. ? Mr. Emanuel seconded the motion. ' Tho Boturning-offlcer briefly returned thanks, and the proceedings terminated. The following are ' the particulars of tho polling :— O'Mara. Emannel. Bardwoll. Tumut ? 234 200 20 Adolong ? 123 S7 160 . Grahamstown.. 101 3 s Beady Hat . . .?. 64 . 28 13 Mount Adrah . . 4 4 14 Tarrangobilly .. 1 ? 7 o Totals ? 627 .299 212 We have it, upon undoubted authority that the party appointed to rs-survey the Ooota mundra-Gundagai railway;are camped near the Oowoumbla'Oreek. Our informant further states that he is of opinion the survey is merely a flying one, simply to oheck any errors that might occur through the loss of some field-books and other papers in the Garden Falaoe fire. It is hoped, therefore, that the tenders will not be so long delayed as it was at first feared they would. Gundaoai is obtaining notoriety through the Licensing Act. Decently a successful objection was raised as to the jurisdiction of the bench by which a man, ohargod with a. very serious offence, escaped. On Wednesday last a publisan, charged with supplying liquors to persons other than boarders or bona-fido travellers on Sun days, escaped punishment by ' a very olever defence. It seems that a gentleman residing at South Gundagai' was. having a drink in the Club-house Hotel on a Sunday night, and Sergeant Carroll observed the sale, which was not denied by the landlord. But tho defence wan clover, viz., that the South Oundagai mn'n had engaged a bed in the house for that night, honcowaa a hoarder. The case was dismissed. II did not come out in evidence at what time on tho Sunday night the bed had boon engaged. There are ways of driving a ' ooach-and-four' through the Licensing Act, '.' ' The monthly meeting of tho Gundagai Literary Institute was held on Wednosday even ing. The business was umimportant. A cricket-match will be played on tho Gundagai cricket 'ground to-day (Friday), the wickets to be pitchod at 11 a.m., between tho Adelong and Gundagai clubs. Tho Gundagai team will be selected from Messrs. P. Kayser, P. Blakeney, E. Leary, F. Norton, W.Shaw, M. W. Tumor, F. A. Smith, 0. Crowo, M. Lynch, D. MoCaig, D. McLean, W. Glasscock, W. Blakeney, and F. Perkins. A correspondent draws our attention to tho fact that tho number of votes pollodbyMr. O'Mara, at tho recont Tumut eleotion, exceeds by fourteen tho total number obtained by tho other two candidates. The residents about Tarrabandra are still complaining of tho absence of an appointed teacher for thoir school. The following are tho reduced rates on the railway :— Morchandiso rates— A truck-rate of £20 will bo charged for 1st, 2nd, 3rd, rind 4th class goods for distances 305 miles from Sydney, Buch load not to excood 6 tons ; wiro will, how ever, remain at £18 per truck; for smaller consignment,-! under the classes named the maximum* will, bo' £6 10s per ton; gunpowdor andjjotororfUpkos, tho rate-ifor quantities^! excess of lOowt. to be £10 per ton, for smaller quantities £15 per ton. . Parcels rates— 3 lbs., lsGd; 3 lbs to 7 lbs, 3s; 7 lbs to 14 lbs, 4s; t4lbs to 28 lbs, 6s 6d; 28 lbs 'to 66 lbs, 7s; 56 lbs to 84 lbs, 8s Gd; 841bs to 1121bs, lOsld; and for every additional 28 lbs, or part thereof, 2s 5d. DR. MARSHALL slates that them are several cases of diphtheria in this neighborhood just now. UNDER a clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the fourth year of the reign of William IV., Mr. Clarke, travelling photographer, was fined 5s and costs for having his promises open for the purpose of trade on Sunday last. The bench had power to inflict a fine of £3; but, owing to the defendant's ignorance of the law, the lighter punishment was deemed sufficient to meet the case. In the Assombly, on Friday, the Minister for Justice laid on the table the returns moved for by Mr. Forster, member for Gundagai, in reference to the withdrawal of police protection from Clarendon. We are glad to hear that Messrs. Harford and Co. are doing fairly 'woll on the Kitno ranges. They are painstaking and persevering mon, and desorve to succeed. It occurs to us that thero is room on the Emu and other reefs on the Eimo ranges for more practical miners if they would turn their attention thitherward. Late English telegrams state that Oherif Pasha, President of the Council of Ministers, has stated his intention of handing over Arabi Boy to tho English authorities.— Mr. Parnell, it is rumoured, intends supporting Mr. Gladstone's cloture proposals, on tho grounds that it is virtually Home Bulo for Ireland.— One of tho northern provinces*of Afghanistan has rebelled against Abdul Bahman.— Baker Fasha, who is ro- organistng the Egyptian army, has proposed that one-half the army shall bo placed under the command of English officers, and tho othor half under native officers. Mr. F. MoEvoy won the pigeon matbh at Molbourne tho other day by killing tho whole of , his birds, viz. twelvo. Tho prizo was a trophy prosonted by Dr. O'Hara. A PEW evenings ago three residents of Ade long were engaged in killing a cat. One of them held a lantern, another held tho cat, and the third jammed a pistol into the cat's ear and fired, shooting the man in the hand who held the cat, and the one with the lantern was wounded in tho arm. Tho cat left when it saw how matters stood, and that ill-feeling was being engendered. It is said that Dr. Lyttloton was not sent for, as tho wounded man was not a member of a benefit society. From Tumbarumba we cull the following items :— The gold eBCort left on last Monday morning, in -charge of Sergeant Casein, with 400 ozs. gold.' It has been raining heavily for a few days.' A movement is on foot for the pur chase of tho mill by a company. J. Venn AXD Co., London solicitors, adver tise in The Herald for a man last heard of in Hobart Town, New South Wales. A S.P.G.E. (Socioty for Promoting GeographicalKnowlodgo) is badly wanted at home. The contraotorsfor the Murrumburrah- Young railway are busy at work. Camps are being formed within three miles from Young at Sawpit Gully. There will bo an embankment across this gully, probably the largest in the Austra lian colonies, containing 140,000 cubio yards. The creek is to bo spanned by a 20-feet briok oulvert. In proximity are thr$e outtings, con taining' in round numbers about 160,000 oubio yards. The works on the whole line are very heavy. Within two monthB there will be 800 men employed in thislocality. Tee gold-mining lease of A. Bruce and others, 7a lr 17p, county of Wynyard, parish of Adelong, has lapsed, owing to the applicants having failed to take delivery of same, A bathes curious, if not amusing story, arising out of a recent cmcute at a school not one hundred miles from Gundagai, is told of a boy who was ordered as a puishment , by one teacher to stand up for talking. Anotherteaoher coming round smartly caned the culprit for standing. ' ' Old hands in the Goulburn district do not emetnber haying Been Buch a dry spring. . Traffic on the suburban lines in the vicinity of Melbourne is increasing so rapidly that an additional four lines of rails are about to bo laid ss far as Bichmond, two of which will be carried to South Yarra. The following selections were taken up at tho Gundagai land-offlco on Thursday : — J. H. Argaet, 40a, Tarrabandra Edward Adams, 60a, Buna W. H. Smith, 40a, Burra . E. Tatty; sen'., 100a, Willio Ploma : John Priddle, 60a, Mitta Mitta —Total, 350a. . ' ' ' . Waqoa writes :— ' Are the Sydney morohants asleep in allowing Victoria to onchro them in. railway freight P They are bringing goods from Molbonrno to Wodonga for Wagga at 30s per ton all round, teams from thence to Wagga -0s por ton. Tho same goods cost from Sydney to Wagga £6 10s por ton, or a difference of 60s per ton in favour' of Victoria. Trado must gravitate to Melbourne unless immediato stops are taken by your railway authorities to check mate them.' Jean Luie, of Tiohborne case notoriety, has issued a writ against the Treasury to recover some documents which ho alleges were taken from him when he was imprisoned on his con viction for perjury, and which have not been returned. Damages are laid at £10,000. Our Wagga, correspondent tolegraphs that tho V Narandera Argus ' has changed hands, the purchaser being Mr. George Eldred, for the past 10 years editor of the Wagga ExpreM. He will take possession at the end of tho month. WnAT immense rubbish is talked about ' the noble savage,' says a London correspondent of the Argus. Wo have beon told again and again that the activity of the Zulu throws our ncrobats into the shade. Yet Cotowayo and his followers dare not walk down their London stairs, but hold the baniators with both hands, and ' slide s^iwly dovrrVwith orrery signtof tregi^atSf^*'*: The Government has under its consideration the claims of the widow of the late Mr. Lamont Young, who disappeared mysteriously with a surveying party on the South Coast some con siderable timo ago. A Great Northern train, with on 8-foot singlo-driver outside-cylindor engine, which recontly took tho Duke of Edinburgh from Leeds to London on tho Groat Northern Bail way, did tho journey 186$ miles, in exactly three hours. One atop was mado at Grantham. Tho actual speed, therefore, was over 62 miles per hour. This is said to be the quickost run of the Htated length on record. Mr. William Long, the well-known Aus tralian . sportsman, is going into racing in tho old country. Flax cultivation in South Australia promises to be very successful. Ckiticislno the Australian cricketers, the Manchester Athletic Newt says: — 'As to thoir fielding, upon which, after all, the greater share of their success has hinged, it appears to have got altogether out of joint. Worse fielding has rarely been witnoseod on the part of a team laying claim to high-class merit than that which, at tho close of last week and at the com mencement of this, marked the exhibition of the colonials. Any member of the once-popular one-legged or one-armed teams would havo Bhown greater activity and ability in tho field than Bonnor, whose misses of Bead proved so valuablo to the Surrey ' pro.' Sir George Obey has in his library the original score of 'Tho Watch on the Ehino,' presented to him by the composer. Carpet snakes, .iguanas, and other natural enemies of the rabbit, are to be protected by tho Queensland Govornmont I Talking of dancing, we are told ' that Amorican women are tho best dancers in the world. Tho Oriental races and the Spanish women cannot be said to dance — they merely go through a series of voluptuous motions and slow Bteps, with perfect abandon. The Germans are correct and easy, but not graceful ; the English put too much struggle into it; the French are inclined to angularity ; hut the American woman is by nature supple and graceful, learnB with facility, and has the vitality that takes the place of strength. Matthew Arnold has said that the Protestant- idoa of heaven is ' a glorified un ending tea-meeting.' Cold sea water baths seem to he bene ficial to small-pox patients.. At any rate such is the conclusion arrived at in medical circles at San Francisco, owing to tho extraordinary re covery of 17 men suffering from this disease, who were tho other day nearly drowned in the bay in consequence of the upsetting of a boat couveying them from the vessel in which they were attacked to the hospital. When thoy were rescued it was thought that death would have been the inevitable result of the accident, more especially as the patients after their extri cation from tho water, were exposod for an hour to a cold wind in thoir wet clothing. Instead, however, of dying, overy ono of tho sufferers have recovered with a rapidity de scribed as truely wonderful. Many of the pationts taken from tho samo vessel who had not tho good fortune to bo upset in a boat were by latest accounts, still struggling with tho disease, while the half- drowned men had beon discharged from tho hospital, and woro walking about San Francisco in perfect hoalth.— St. Jama' Gazette. ~ The London Lancet says that there is absolute .unanimity among medical men, whatever their bther views on the drink question, that spirits, wino and beer should only be taken with food. Tire State of Colorado is one of the riohes'. in the United States in mineral wealth. The total yield of the precious metals for 1881 exceedod our and a half millions sterling. A place called 'Tho Artizan College for Destitute Boys ' at' Middle Harbor, kopt by a Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, waB visited on Tuesday last by a reporter from the S. M. Herald rather unexpectedly. The description of the manner in which the place has been kept is, if true,' simply disgraceful. ' It is only a few weoka ago that Mrs. Anderson was in the Southern Dis triots collecting subscriptions for ' the college,' and she received' a large sum of money. The boys in tho home wore poorly clad, and suffer ing from contagious diseases. On being asked, they said they had not had sufficient food, and were not in any way properly oarod for. The Government have decided to romove the ohildren to the Benevolent Asylum, and intend to take stops to remove Iho Andoreons from the land, which they now occupy by virtue of a Government grant. The Melbourne ' Daily Telegraph ' has been boycotted by the publicans in consequence of iU action on local option. ( A correspondent at Mount Browno writes to a South Australian paper, stating that a 13 oz, nugget was pickod up on the surface. Hundreds of tons of dirt are waiting for the much-needed rain. Toe new Anglican Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Konnion) has telegraphed that he will arrive about the 25th January next. The Evening News' telegraphio correspondent at Temora says that an immensely rich reef has been discovered in No. 2 North Hard-to-find reef, Barmedman. Tho spocimens aro un equalled for richness, and somo of them weigh 3owt. The weather ia reported to- have beon in tensely hot in this and the adjoining colonies. At Temora the glass has registered 100' in tho shade. In South Australia tho weather is very oppressive, and bush-fires are raging in tho northern districts. A conference of soiontifio men and persons connected with the various submarine tele graph companies is to b's held at Paris on the 16th instant to consider the best means of secur ing the safety of tho submarine cable from in jury and interruption. ,. Admiral Sir F. Beauohamp Seymour has 'Aicester; 'of Alcostor in Worcestershire. 'BTr Garnet Wolseley has also been created a Baron of the United Kingdom, and will take the title of Lord Wolseley. A disoraceful scene occurred at the court of Quarter Sessions, Parramatta, on Saturday last. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty against a man named Do Saxe, charged with gambling on the raco-course. A loud and con tinuous cheer arose when the verdiot was brought in. Judge Dowling said he nover wit nossnd such a scone, and it could only be tho outcome of Parramatta larrikinism. The following return shows the different re ligions professed by the population in this colony :— Church of England, 342,359 ; Presby terian, 72,545 ; Wosloyan Methodists, 57,040 ; other Methodists, 7303 ; Congregationalists, 14,328 ; Baptists, 7307 ; other Protestants, 16,621; total Protestants, 510,512. Boman Catholics, 207,020 ; Catholics unspecified, 680; total Catholics, 207,606. Hebrews, 3266 ; other persuasions, 1024 ; unspecified, 13,697 ; FaganB, 9345\. Total population, 751,468. ? A BABY lately born at Carson, U.S., is the smallest in tho world; it only weighed eight ounces, and the mother's wedding-ring went on its calf. It is proposed to establish a ward in tho Mel bourne hospital for treating cases on total abstinonce principles. A horseman named Ketterer,who rodo over a little girl and killed her, has been committod for trial at Sandhurst. A olacse has been added to tho South Aus tralian Libel Bill compelling publishers to give up the names of writers when ordered to do so by a judge or special magistrate. It is stated by tho Ararat Advertiser that a remarkable song is sung in tho Roily country. It contains about fifty verses, dotailing the dar ing deeds of tho Kelly gang, the burden being a sort of lament for the defunct Ned. It mar vellously resembles tho Dubblin-street ballads in '98, being as amusing, grotesque in rhyme, rhythm and metaphor — the latter being essen tially Hibernian. It is a curious fact (mentions the World) that out of the thirty members who formed tho first Legislature of Victoria, in 1851, only one of them (Sir John O'Shanaesy) has a seat in the present Parliament. One fete given by Baron Rothschild this year cost him £5000. Iu a few years his fate will bo juBt the same as any other man's. Walter Falls, son of one of the founders of the Maitland Mercury, was drowned off the Coonanbara last Monday night weok, whilo the ?teamer was on her trip from Newcastle. Huoe investments aro ovory day binding tho colonies together. The biggest thing yot nn nounced is the North Queensland Mining In vestment Company, whose prospectus will be publishel in a few days. The company is formed for tho purpose of purchasing several large dividend-paying claims at Charters Towers and elsewhore, and placing them under one* management for tho purposo of economy. Several leading men in each colony are idontify ing themselves with tho project. The Goondiwindi Herald, instead of saying that the grass will grow fast whon the rain comes, remarks that ' tho thin mantle of ver dure which is fast covering the previously brown and dusty earth, only needB sufficient aqueous nourishment to convert it into a dense carpet, of omprald suooulonco.' ? .__?_ ? . An extraordinary operation, which will serve to show the perfection, which surgery has at tained, has been performed 'at Prague. . A riding-master, who had cancer in the throat, had the whole of the larynx and epiglottis re moved, and an artificial larynx inserted. After a while the man learned how to insert the reed which tokos the place of the vocal chords ; and he can now, by aid of the apparatus, speak and eat with perfect ease. The Argus contends a oheck should be put upon the lavish expenditure in the Government Printing Office through printing useless re turns. The Geelong larrikins are turning their special attention to the breakage of plate-glass windows, in which operation they are remark ably successful. Large numbers of countorfoit florins are in circulation in Melbourne, They are supposed to be tho handiwork of two old coiners lately released from Fentridge Stockade. Judge Cope convulsed a social gathering lately with an anecdote of a young man who saved a butcher from drowning. As the hutchor lay gasping on the bank of the river he said, ' Young man, I am too poor to reward you with anything but my advice, and it is this— never eat sausagos in summer.' A FEIEND of mino who has just arrived from Sydney assures me (says a correspondent of the Spectator) that he mado a careful tour of all the shops, and fonud that all clothing, boots, and shoes, &o;,, woro 25 per cent, lowor thore than in Melbourne, and wages from 10 to 20 per cent, higher. The gold contained in the spooimonB burned by tho Garden Palace Ere has boon found.' For a long timo (says the Molbng Express) Lake Cowal has been almost dry, tho water on tho avorago not boing more than fiftoon inohes deep. When there was no meat to be. had, owing to the scarcity of grass, tho Lake residenta used to depend- to a considerable extent on a fish diet. Stakes wore driven in certain localities, and when nothing better was to be got ou the Btation an order was given to 'yard somo fish.' The Armidate Chronicle nnd tho Tamworth Observer aro at loggerheads over the Queen's English. The former paper says that ' litorary larrikins fancy that if they detect a typogra phical error iu a newspaper thoy .havo achiored the acme of human bliss,' Tho Chronicle man winds up his invoction by offering to bet 10 to 1 that the editor of tho Observer cannot give in English tho meaning of 'fiat pourri'. an65_ ' brio-a- brao.' .'?' '.'??'*$?* ~'StJ1 -?' ?N^'C; :- ^?--'?'?' A resident of 'Denilic^iR.was^.'sumu^nmr&J;' T^^ failed to do so. Tho coronor Instructed tho* police to summon this samo porson for tho next j/w, three inquests, and if he failed to attend a fins- ' ^K in each case would bo inflicted. Tho juryman ^f?V eventually turned up, and attributed his dolay to ' the differences existing between the olooks of the town.' ? Some sailing slips still carry pasaengora. ThoLaHoguo left London on tho 8th with all her cabins full. The Glen Innes editor wants to know how it is that Mr. and Mrs. and tho little So-and-sos can go so regularly to the play whon ' they can't tquare that little affair?' That's ? what's the matter with a host of nowspapor people. Th-e injuries to tho- racehorse Cironamulltt,. reported tho othor day, are not so bad as at drat thought. He has only bruised his heel, which will not interfere with his preparations for tho Molbourno Cup, and ho is now first favorite again. Judge Dowlino wilt not nllow either females or boys to bo present in court when casos of an indecent character are being tried. An increase of 14,728 bales o£ wool from Sydney in the year ending August SI ; chiefly accounted for by railway oxtonaionn. A country paper dubs Mr. D. Buchanan, MX. A., 'Inspoctor-Sonoral of Public Griov anC03.' Twentt-one wool ships are now on the borth in Sydney for London* Bailways may woll bo busy- Sir Alfred Stephen is to he- asked to pro vide a net to tako fathers who desert thoir children. TnE following udvertisoment is from an ox ohange:— '%Ynnted the nang&ty; spirits who edit the Telephone to stop sending' their silly lying paper to Jauaos ? . The death is announced of Mr. James E. Carroll, at the age of SG. The deceased was. woll known as a solicitor practicing at tho Syd ney police courts, and, besides boing a good lawyer, was a remarkable wit. The Insurance and Banking Record, as an illustration of the increasing stringency of tho money market, mentions that, ' whereas for— morly even the smnllost municipality in Viotoria had been able to borrow inonoy at par on 6 per cent, debentures, tho Goolong corporation, on undeniable security, has only recoivod one tondor for the purchase of £5000 5-por-cents repayable in twenty years. Regarding tho now Land Bill; about which so much interest is naturally felt in tho country districts, the Southern Argus (Goulburn) Bays : — ' The production of a Land Bill will act like a shake of a kaleidoscope, and will redistribute the members of all present parties. If the Bill is liberal to selectors the bulk of tho Opposition ists will oppose it, Bomo few liberal ineu will go to the Government benches, und many squatters will walk over into opposition ; and onco more tho country will see Sir John Robertson posing as the f reo-selector's champion resisted by mono poly. If the Bill is illiberal, and favorable to squatters, tho bulk of the present Opposition will go aoross to sit bohind Sir John and support his Bill, and a totally new Opposition must be formed out of the small remnant of tho proson Oppositionists and tho modorato body now sit ting on the Government benehea. awaiting the development of evonts. Such a now Opposition would be small, and would be ' hopelessly over- ' borne in voting. But thon ovorywordwould'.'. . -? ring through the country, and when the genital . '? 'v elootions came thoy would go back to Parlia ment, one and all of thorn, to find their.onomie» ? ? . scattered by the voico of an inilignaoj BMBfef ' and themselves the leader&ofjt; .larjfo'ajid'iiiRco[ ; '' body of new mob pledgeS'to carry a reforming Land Aot on tho most gonefous and most equit able principles.' /. . STEP8 havo been taken with tho viow of oheoking tho very common . practice of ohild desertion in this colony. The Criminal Law Amendment Bill, which is now being considered by Parliament, affords an opportunity for doaV ing with this matter, Tho Directors of the Bandwiok Asylum have resolved to take advan- ' tage of that opportunity, and Sir Alfred Stephen will be asked to deal with the question in some practical manner when the. bill comes before the Upper House. It is stated at a Into Board meeting that thore were no less than 300 deserted ohildren in the Bandwiok Asylum alone. Italian papors annonnco tho discovory at Dorgali, in the island of Sardinia, of a great Btalactite cave. Fiftoon galleries havo boon already traced. Iu ouo of them there is a row of pillars liko whito marble, and tho floor is generally smooth, resembling the finest basalt. The now Coffee Pulaco in Bourke-street, Molbourno, has boon opened. Tho building is a magnificent struoturo, four stories high, and contains 160 bedrooms. Tho cost of oroc tion and furnishing wai £27,000. 