TUMUT NEWS. [ FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] The weather remains very pleasant for summer time. The smoky haze enveloping the hills around here during the past few days proclaims the unwelcome fact that bush-fires are burning somewhere in this vicinity. I believe a large fire has been burning for some weeks in the broken country behind Lacmalac. It was thought that the thunderstorm which recently visited that neighbourhood extinguished it, but from appearances the fire must have broken out again. Two days ago a fire started upon a selection of Mr. George Klein at Windowie, and, but for prompt assistance in beating it out, the same would have done serious damage to ad joining property. Talking of bush-fires, some time ago, when Tumut town was in real danger of being burnt to ashes, there was some talk of organizing a local Fire Brigade, but the danger passed, and the proposal was soon forgotten. Now we have a Progress Committee the matter might be stirred up again—at any rate during the dry heat of summer, better and speedier access to water than Tumut now possesses is urgently needed. The locking-the-stable-door- after- the-horse-is-stolen policy is not a com mendable one. "Prevention is better than cure.' Residents who have town allotments enclosed as small paddocks and lying idle should certainly either have the grass therein out for hay, or allow hungry stock of some kind to eat up the thick growth. There is one paddock of several acres like a wheat field at the present time, the owner of which appears to have a mania for growing grass merely to look at, oblivious of the fact that he thereby imperils the dwellings and properties of his neighbours. Mr. E. G. Brown reports having sold 80 sture bullocks for Mr. Chas. Guy to Mrs. Shelloy, ot Turout Plains; 38 fnt bullocks for Mrs. Shelley to Mr. Goo. Mair, of Xarandorn ; also 100 fat ' bullocks for Messrs. Rankin Bros, to tho same buyer. Tho last two transactions were in con- . junotion with Messrs. Cluy ton Bros. Mr. Brown has leased half of the Tautangra run for the summer season to Mr. T. II. Howell,' of Yass,. on bohnlf of Mr. Androw Gibson, of Goulburn. Ho has also teased a largo paddock at Jeremiah, on account of Mr. F. Garnor to Mr. EdgohilU of Mundnwundrn. Numerous euquiries are beiug made for summer country. A communication from Mr. Jamos Hoskins informs the secretary of tho Tumut A. and P. Association that tho £100. promiood by theGo vornment in aid of tho said association has booa placed to his credit. This is in addition to the amount granted out of tho voto of £5000 which was paid over some timo since. Adverting to the matter of the establishment of a mail service botwoon Tumut nnd Gundagai,. via tho tnaiked-troo lino,. Mr. N. Enwnuel, the secretary of the Progress Committee, has re coivod a communication to-day (Wodnesdav) . from tho Secretary of tho General Post-office, to the effect that the Dopartmont has been unable to mako satisfactory arrangements- with tho.. contractors (Cobb and Co.) to substitute a tri weekly mail via the marked-tree lino, and a tri weekly one botwoon Adelong and Tumut, fop the present daily mail between the last-named places, and tho Fostmustor-Goneral has there for determined, if a tri-weekly mail service by the proposed route can be established for a reasonable sum por your, t» grant it up to tho ond of the year 1883 ; and he will consider tho question of continuing it, nnd of roducing tho communication botweon Adolong nnd Tumut,. wheu the contract is about to oxpiro. Tondera have accordingly boon invited, for the servioo from the first of March uoxt, aud will be re ceived up to the 8th proximo. Thus Tumut will receive a mail threo times per woek via tho marked-trcoiino, in addition to u uTaity mail u usual por tho preseut route. An interesting ceromnny took placo at All Saints' Church this (Wednesday) morning, in the presence of a largo gathering of persons. Mr. George Groves was united in wedlock to Miss Harriot Elizabeth Foorrl by tho Eov. G. ' Spencer. Aftor a pleasant wedding breakfast,, tho youthful pair, accompanied by many kind ' ' wishes, doportod for Gundagai on route foi - Sydnoyi, ? . i 