COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. [Jfcrom our own Correspondents.] VICTORIA. Melbourne. Januarv 27. The passengers of the Mirzapore are com plaining loudly of their treatment at the Qua rantine Station, and say the P. & O. Company did not uav sufficient attention to their com fort while they were kept on the steamer. The Customs officers have seized 7,000 cigars at a Ballarat Chinese store for not having paid duty; the brand and quality are exactly the same as those seized in Mel bourne. It is rumoured that other large seizures are likely to be made soon at Beech worth, Caetlemaine, and Sandhurst. The appointment of a successor to Colonel Anderson will be considered at the next Cabinet meeting. Colonel Scratchley has been mentioned, also Colonels Kede and Hutton. _ The lliniBter of Mines is making enquiries as to the practicability of erecting special magazines at'all the principal mining centres for. the safe storage of explosives. The defalcations of Robert 'Atkinson, mining manager, of Ballarat, who committed suicide, are now estimated at £2,000. In one case Atkinson was entrusted with £500 to in vest for a miner, who obtained it from divi dends in various claims ; Atkinson 'misap propriated the money, leaving the miner almost penniless. Serious bush-fires are reported from several parts of the colony. The steamer Julia Percy has had her re pairs completed after her recent collision, and tc-day resumed running for the Western Ports. At the adjourned inquest on the body of the yo'utb, named Cameron, who died recently from a fractured skull, he having previously informed his mother that he had been struck on the head by a man with a loaded whip, it was proved that the injury was sustained by the deceased in falling from a cab, and a verdict of accidental death was given. With regard to the missing ship Eurynome, which left here with a cargo of wheat some months ago, the Ballarat Star publishes a statement to show that the vessel probably was destroyed by spontaneous combustion. The writer states that when the vessel was in Port Phillip the. second officer, who' came put purposely to visit a sister in Ballarat, informed his friends as the ship was on the point of sailing that several wet bag3 of wheat had been taken aboard, and that ho endeavoured to prevent the wet bags from being placed on board, fearing spontaneous combustion. This action led to a dispute with the chief officer, who then asked the captain to allow him to leave the ship at Geelong, but the latter refused. A trumped-up charge for the purpose of extorting money was heard at the Fitzroy Court this morning, when a wealthy Mussul man was charged with, indecently assaulting a girl named Bourke, under twelve years old. The evidence of the girl and her sister was taken, but it transpired in cross-examination that the mother had instructed them what to say. The medical evidence discredited the allegation and the case was dismissed. At the half-yearly meeting of the Victorian Insurance. Company this morning the report and balance-sheet were adopted. The balance of £40,810 was carried forward, and a divi dend will be declared at the annual meting in July. \- At the half-yearly meeting of the Metro politan Gas Company this morning a dividend of 6 per cent, was declared, £10,000 carried to the Reserve Fund, and £8,000 carried for ward. The Chairman referred to the increased consumption of gas through the use of gas stoves, and said that now he considered gas had nothing to fear from the electric light. In consequence of the strenuous opposition to the establishment of an emergency hos pital for smallpox at the Royal Park, the Government has selected another sito, where tents and temporary buildings will be erected if necessity arises. The South Australian Border Treaty was signed by the Governor at a meeting of the Executive Council this afternoon. Arrived — Maggie Dickson, Nonpareil, Fleur de Maurice, barques, from Mauritius; Catania, steamer, from Hamburg. - Sailed— Saint and Catherine Jane, barques, for Newcastle ; Bothwell Castle, for London ; Mangana, for Launceston ; Konoowarra, for Sydney. The weather is fine but warm. Melbourne, January 27, Midnight. Mr. Francis Ormond has been returned un opposed to the vacancy in the South-western Province, caused by the death of Mr. Henty. Sir John O'Shanassy proceeds to New Zea land on Tuesday on a two months' holiday. The action of the police in seizing the totalizator at Geelong and arresting all within the enclosure is generally condemned as un necessarily harsh. It is hinted that the police acted at the instigation of the bookmakers. There was an indignation meeting at Geelong this evening about the matter. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of GeorgeHenrySearcey,awell-known cricketer, and cashier of the Metropolitan Building and Investment Society, for the embezzlement of between £600 and £700. Searcey has been absent since New Year's Day on the plea of illness. 