SYMPATHY WITH LARRIKINISM. Sandhurst, as well as the colony, must be proud of that fledgling legislator, Mr John Quick, M.L.A. We thought that there was not one man in the colony who would have raised his voice in favor of the hideous hydra evil that threatens to over throw law and order, and to compel re spectable citizens to take the dernier resort, Judge Lynch and the bowie-knife and re volver — larrikinism. But there is one man who has the moral turpitude to de fend these accursed ruffians, and that man is Mr John Quick, M.L.A. Not for a moment do we suppose Mr Quick sym pathises with these villians in his heart. He is a young man whose career has been an honor to.himself and the colony, but that fact only shows to what a state of degradation politics have fallen in this colony. Brought up under the most adverse influences, a poor boy who had to earn a few shillings per week at a crush ing mill, Mr Quick by his indomitable perseverance and his natural talents achieved positions on the press, at the bar and in Parliament that have astonished and surprised people. That a young man who has done all this could put himself forward as a defender of a set of idle, brutal and vicious wretches is a puzzle to ordinary men. But it is not Mr Quick's fault altogether ; it is the fault of the sys tem under which he was elected. He relies upon the "native vote" for his re election, and, intellectual man though ho undoubtedly is, he thinks it his interest to champion the "gentle larrikin." Mr- Quick is doing violence to his own feel ings in acting in this manner, and not only that, but dishonoring himself and disgracing politics. He thinks that by ob jecting to the lash he is raising up a feel ing in his favor in the minds of the young men of Australia. Never did a man make such a mistake. We venture to say that two-thirds of the Australian natives abomi nate the larrikins, because they bring dis- credit upon the youth of this colony. Nay, we will go further, and say that the warmest advocites of the lash will be found in the respectable classes of young Australians. The fact is that Mr Quick totally misunderstands the position. Those who advocate corporal punishment in regard' to such offences know what are the intentions of those who form that view. They know that it is intended to prevent our youth from being criminals, not, as Mr Quick thinks, to make them criminals. In a recent article we pointed out how the present system actually makes persons who fall under the dominion of a "bobby" criminals whether they will or not. But the new system will work in a very different and a salutary manner. The Melbourne, magistrates have met and decided upon a course of procedure which we think is, everything considered, the right one ; indeed, strange to say, it is the very course we recommended over a month ago, before the magistrates agreed to meet. The result of the conference has been as follows : — " 1. That all male per sons found guilty before two justices of violent assault, or of wilful destruction of or injury to property, may, in addition to or in lieu cf any punishment to which they are at present subject, be ordered to be whipped, in the case of offenders from 10 to 15 years of age to the extent of 20 strokes of the birch rod, and in the case of offenders from 15 years of age and up wards to the extent of twenty-five lashes with the cat-o'-nine tails. 2. That the offenders under 15 years of age ordered to be flogged shall receive the punishment at the rising ef the court, and that offenders of 15 years of age and upwards shall be 'flogged wi thai twenty-four hours after the rising of the court, if practicable ; but in no case shall punishment, be delayed beyond one week. 3. That section 26 of the Police Offences Statute, relating t-a obscene, threatening, or abusive language, &c..;, in public, be modified, so chat either fine or imprisonment, with or without hard labor, may be imposed in lieu of fine, and .in- default impriswnmeiit. as the law now stands." The only flaw we see in this necieiun is imprisonment in the case of the older offenders. At all events, unless they belong to the criminal e'ass the im prisonment should bo solitary. We abominate the idea of mixing up prisoners, because that is the frightful cause of de stroying for life young men who might, if soundly whipped and let go, become re spectable members of society. We have the greatest faith in the efficacy of personal punishment. The fact is that in this colony parents do not keep up proper discipline. They do not thrash their children, and the consequence is that the- State has to step in and do it for them, just as the State has to educate their children. In our opinion the magistrates have, to a certain extern, failed in appreciating the necessity of privacy. With offenders who are not hardened this is of the utmost impor- tance. No person should know that they have been in trouble." Publicity is the sure and certain local ruin, because if the lad's friends and acquaintances know of his having undergone the discipline, one part of them will make him a hero, the other will " cut" him. Either is bad. On the whole, however, we approve of the ' magistrates' recommendations so far, and hope the legislature will adopt, them, with any suggestions. As to Mr Quick and his letters intended to catch votes, it simply shows how degraded politics are when young man who has such a "record" as Mr Quick openly bids for the votes of the most brutal and degraded section of the community. i | Changes at the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum. — Dr Frederick Deshon, of tin Yarra Bend AsyIum. lias been appointed | medical superintendent of this asylum, vi're Dr Fishburne, of Kew, who has been i temporarily in charge since Dr Watkins's ! translation to the Sunbury Asylum, in November last. We ar - happy to h.-ar j that a very cordial feeling has fur some : time existed between the management and : staff of this institution, which is evidenced j liv the following mem,). : — "Will Mr j Harper, head warder, be so good as t : convey to the members of the staff", male j division, tny thanks for the uniform j courtesy and willing help- which I have j always received from them during my residence among them. My respot.si- I bilities have thereby been much lessened, and titj- command here has been acuntinuul ! pleasure. — J. F. Fishburne, Actitig- j superintendent. Janua'-y 27th, ISS2." The new superintendent occupied the p-st of resident medical officer at this asylun: some years ago, and will be remembered as having taken a very warm interest in amateur theatricals mi behalf of the local charities. It may be safely assumed, from Dr Deshon's urbanity of maimer and gentlemanly bearing, combined with ltis uniformly kind treatment of the un fortunate class over whom he is destined to preside, that the very excellent discipline which has hitherto existed in tills institution will in no way deteriorate. Everton Requirements. — Some short time ago Mr Geo. E. Mackay, st«ck and station agent-, of Ethelstan, near Beech- worth, applied to the Railway Departmeii' to have proper trucking accommodation provided for loading sheep at Everton, as iwi ncuuiu tuuoc ID 1>L01 bourne for sale suffered much incon venience and loss of time owing to the want of a platform to enable the top tiers of the trucks to be loaded — every sheep having to be lifted in by hand The fol lowing is the reply received in the matter from the Department : — Melbourne, 27th January, 1S82. Sir,— I have the honor to inform yon that, in compliance with t he request contained in your letter of the 4th inst., the Commissioner has authorised the requisite expenditure for additions and alterations to the cattle-yards at Everton, so that small lots of sheep may be loaded there. 2. At the same time I may state that the Engineer-in-Chief has been asked to have this work put in hand. — I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, P. P. Labertouche Secretary. Geo. E. Mackay, Esq., Ethelstan, Beech- worth." While in Melbourne recently Mr Mackay also had an interview, in com pany with the Hon. John A. Wal ace, M.L.C., with the heads of the Postal De partment, with respect to a telegraph station at Everton, and received a promise that the matter should have immediate at tention. Mr Mackay is entitled to the wannest thanks of the residents of Ever ton and district for the energetic interest he evinces and the actions taken by hitn in the above referred to and similar directions for the promotion of the public welfare. The Civil Service. — Among the suc cessful candidates in connection with the recent civil service examination appear the names of Masters J. H. Kilgour and W. Henderson, both pupils at the Chiltern State-school, of which Mr Carlington is head- teacher. The Wangaratta Borough Valua tion. — The valuation of the Borough, as made by the valuer, and adopted at the last meeting of the council, shows a decrease of £S0O on last year, which (observes the "Dispatch") at a rate of Is in the pound, together with the Govern ment endowment on the same, means about £60 less revenue than the Borough Council had last year. The Compensation to Mrs Jones.— The amount of compensation awarded to Mrs Jones, of Glenrowan, for the loss of her hotel, which was burned down when the Kelly ging was destroyed, kas been reduced from £305 to £265, it having come to the knowledge of. the board by whom the award was made (states the " Argus,") that compensation had previously been paid to Mr Irwin, of Beechworth, who held a bill-of-sale f ir £40 over the furniture. Mr Irwin's . claim against Mrs Jones having been discharged by the Government, the board considered that she was not en titled to what would virtually have been payment of the same thing twice over. The discovery was no a made until after the board reported, for nothing was said about the bili-of-s≤ or its liquidation at the inquiry. On their recommendation, the amount has since been cut. down by £40, and the difference paid over to Mrs Jones. The Chiltern Agricultural Society. — At the annual meeting of the Chiltern, Barnawartha and Indigo Agricultural and Horticultural Society, Mr C. F. Smith was re-elected President ; and the follow ing office- bearers were elected for the year 1882 :- Vice-presidents — Messrs J. Strickland, R. Stewart and M, Dillon. Committee — Messrs Kierath, Gleeson, Hancock, T. Peel, Conroy, J. F. Martin, Morris, Beck, J. Scott, Whitehead, J. Smith, Wilson, Richardson, White, T. Withers, Gulliver, Kilgour, S. Houstan. Tremble, Busse, Frazer, Beoth, Poolay, Page, A. Beck, Hodgson and Baxter. Auditors (re-elected) — Messrs Wilson and Williamson. Treasurer — Mr Bartley. Secretary — Mr J. Summons. Inspector of Slaughter-houses. Constable John Patrick Leahy, of Greta, has been appointed inspector of slaughter houses within the Shire of Oxley. Customs Appointment. — Mr Daniel Fep-'uson has been promoted from the fourth to the third class as sub-collector of Customs and landing-waiter at Wndouga ; also assistant-inspector of fisheries, assistant immigration officer and keeper of the powder-magazine at Wodenga. Deputy Registrar.— Mr A. Cheyne has been appointed to act as deputy re gistrar of births and deaths at Wangaratta, vice Mr J. Senuett, who has been trans ferred to Beechworth. Licenses Approved. — Thomas Dunn, 160a, Katamatite ; Daniel Tanner, 6a, Greta ; John McCurdy, sen., 240a, FeuclieiDa ; iuavy rsearaniore, zttua, uaeu- rowan ; Win. J. Garley, 320a, Peechelba ; Sophia Millard, 117a, Glenrowan ; Robert Thompson, 227a, Peechelba ; George Chandler, 270a, Tatuinick ; Charles R. Huddle, la, Berringa. Leases Approved. — Isabella P. Sitnson, lSSa Or 13p, Lureby ; William T. Forge, 25a Or 29p, Whitfield ; William Martin, 31'Ja 3r 36;>, Boomahnoomootiah ; John Dwyor, 19a Or 5p, Moyhu ; John Setupe, 35a 2r 25p, Peechelba; John Ryder,- 79a Or 23, Mullindolingong ; Daniel Mougan, Ola 2r lp, Taavanga ; Patrick Flanagan, 239a lr 22p, Buuthurambo ; George Murrell, 91a lr 37p, Colac Colac ; Joseph M. Nisliet, 69a 2r 22p, Kergunyah ; J;is. Perry, 145a 3r 19p, Colac Colac ; Arthur W. Seymour, 73a 3r 3p, Kergunyah ; Catherine Ronatt, 57a 2r 34p, Kergunyah. New Licenses Issued. — John Dugan, 20a, Beech worth ; Saul Gatermau, 20a, Munnungee ; William Hamilton, 20a, \ ! ti vm ii n fiVfvlirinlr ".Tnl l».»v OH. Murmungec ; Robert Abraham, 14a, Bttoklatid ; Alfred Abraham, 3a, i.arriet- viile ; William J. Austin, 11a Or 26p, Bright ; belina Constantino, 20a, Myrtle- ford ; Henry Croucher, 18a 3r 19p, Myrtleford ; Evan Evans, 13a 2r 15p, Bright ; Matthew Farrington. 1 9a 3r 25p, B: iglujEd ward Han isenl4a, Porepunkali; T. C. Kaighan, 10a, Bright:; Robert H. Kelly, 20a, Uawauga ; Hugh Moore, 3a, jlyrtlefoi'd ; Abraham Lawrence, 20a, Harrietville ; George Price, 20a, Pore- punkah ; James Smith, 20a, Myrtleford ; Arthur Ward, transferree of W. O'Counell, 19a 3r 33p, Buckland ; Michael Youl, 12a 2r 37p, Myrtleford ; J. T. Webb, 20a, Chiltern ; Bernard MeAneny, 20a, Carlyle ; John Tobin, 20a, Chiltern West ; Edmund Greer, la 2r 39p, Magorra ; Jas. I Kearney, 20a, Beetnang ; Jas. Taylor, 20a, Byawatha ; Alexander Frazer, 10a, Tongio maiiijie aiiast ; axrenur r yte, i a, nuiuo- niutijte ; J. Dyer 16a, Jinderboiue ; Jas. Bevuu, 7a, Wangaratta North. Harrietville Mem. — Our correspon dent writes : On Monday week, about half- past four p.m., a very distinct shock of earthquake was felt here by two miners camped near the Kangaroo Beef, Omeo- road, six miles from Harrietville. Whilst seated on a very large fallen tree, nearly five feet in diameter, the trunk of the tree , surged considerably, and the branches quivered violently, causing considerable sensation to the men seated thereon. The Athenaeum building was also shaken, and the table, chairs and lamps were in com motion. I merely mention this occur rence, noticing that a similar shock had occurred in Omeo. Bush-fires are raging iu all directions in the hills aroundthe town. Rain is sadly wanted, otherwise great damage must be done through the Ityuvu-Uiuuwuacu LrtUSU. an omission. — In republishing in our last issue the " A 1 bury Banner's" Corowa e 'fi espotide'it's interesting communication we inadvertently omitted to mention the s-.uree whence it was obtained. Albury Quarter Sessions. — This court was opetn.d before His Honor Judge Forbes on Monday Mr Pitcairn, at one tint- police magistrate at Beechworth, prosecuted for the Crown. A report of tiie eases dealt with, will be found in another column. fcir Henry Parkes. — We notice by an " Argus" cablegram from San Francisco that Sir Henry Parkes is receiving much I attention in San Francisco. During his visit he has inspected the wire tramway system, and witnessed a special parade of the fire-brigade. He proceeds on Tuesday to Sacramento as the guest of the Go vernor of the State. His health is much improved. T TXT T 4 T.T i TO » TI M rvrtun' Crnnv. A — ! aaaai irxiii Ano UlnlKE."' '.q ll "Age" telegram from Ballarat, dated Sunday, informs us that the dispute be tween the Parker's United Company and the miners on strike has been finally settled. All the men being required have been put on to work again. The yield from the mine for the broken fortnight is 270 ounces of gold. The Kelly Awards. — The causes of the delay in distributing the rewards assessed by the Police Commission over the destruction of the late Kelly gang do not appear to be clearly understood by the j members of the force. Anxious inquiries I are being made daily as to what is finally to be done with the money, and who is to bedefinitelyappointedChicfCommissioner. Those officers who are looked upon as beiDg under suspension, and are indeed relieved j from all trouble of duty, are still enjoying all the full emoluments of office without having to trouble about anything except next pay day. Besides, the money sec apart for distribution is lying idle and the interest accumulating. The deserving ones contend that thev should receive a I fair Tate of interest on their portions of the award, as compensation for being kept waiting so long. — " World." Unclaimed Prize-money. — The hon. secretary of the Beechworth Boxing Day sports desires us to intimate that a fourth (£5) of the total amount of money set apart as prizes m connection with the gate tickets still remains unclaimed, notwith standing that it was publicly announced j that the money would be paid over to the winners on application to Mr A. W. Foster, Ford-street. With regard to the amount remaining in hand in the manner sta'ed, we may mention that it includes a prize of £1 10s ; and it is certainly curious that the lucky winner of that amount should have neglected to claim it. Village Proclaimed.— The portion of Crown lands hereinafter described has been proclaimed as the village of Bungil : — County of Benambra, parish of Bungil : Commencing at a point of the left bank of the Murray River bearingN. 29deg. oOmin. E. from the north-west angle of allotment 1b of section 4 ; bounded thence by a line ' bearing S. 29deg. oOmin. W. to that angle ; thence by the said allotment bearing S. 14deg. 30min. E. three chains seventy- five links, S. 36deg. 57min. E. eleven chains thirty-six links, S. 2deg. 38min. E. four chains one link, and S. 37dcg. 43min. W. seven chains seventy-seven links; thence by the road from Towong to Be- thanga bearing N. 68deg. 44min. W. thirty-five chains ; thence by a line bearing N . 21dcg. 16min. E. to the Murray River aforesaid ; and thence by that river upwards to the point of commencement. , Oxley Shire Council. — A special moeting of the Oxley Council was held at the Shire Hall on Saturday. The meeting was called for the following pur poses : -T. To adopt and confirm the net valuation of rateable property in the shire. 2. To adopt and confirm the esti mates of receipts and expenditure. 3. To make a general rate of one shilling in the pound on the next annual value of rateable property in the sbire. Present : The President (Or Murdoch) and Crs Milne, Sutton, Cozens, H. and R. Jeffrey, - Byrne and Lang. The notice convening the meeting having been read, Cr Milne moved, and Cr Byrne seeonded, " That this council do adopt and confirm the net valuation submitted of rateable property in the Shire of Oxley, amounting to £24,819, submitted by Michael Bryan, valued and dated the 14th I day of January. — Carried. Cr H. Jeffrey I moved, «inci Or oozens seconcieci xiiaw this council do now adopt and confirm the estimates submitted of receipts and expen diture for the year ending 30th Septem ber, 1882, showing as detailed therein that the sum of £3796 ISs 3d is required for the several purposes in respect to which this council is authorised to expend or apply to the shire funds, and showing also that the sum of £2555 19s 3d is avail able for such purposes, and that the sum of £1240 19s is further requisite, and that the net rateable value of property assessable in the Shire of Oxley is £24,S19, and that a rate of one shilling on each pound of such value is ne cessary to raise the required sum of i.1240 19s." — Carried. Cr Milne moved, and Cr H. Jeffrey seconded, " That to raise the sum required, viz., £1240 19s, this council make and levy a general rate of one shilling in the pound ou the net annual value of rateable property in the Shire of Oxley, for the period ending the 30'h dav of September, 1862, and that the said rate be due and payable on the 1st day of March, 1882." — Carried. Cr Byrne moved, and Cr Sutton seconded, " That Michael Bryan be duly authorised (tinder seal) to demand and collect the rate made by the forgoing resolution. " — Carried. The total estimated revenue showed — For the Eastern Riding, £932 163 5d, of which £671 13s lid was available for new public works: Central Riding, £1196 lis 2d, available for new works £676 3s 2d ; Western Riding, £1667 7s 8d, available for new works £1054 7s 4d. In the estimated value of rateable property in the shire there has been a decrease of upwards of £2000. The valuer accounted for this decrease by stating that owing t<> the constant cropping of the land, it is not now capable of producing such large crops as formerly ; and that a number of farms have been abandoned by the original I i-iii'ia Ai-.a Tno mnnfinrf tliOD oriiAm'iMul t un nut o. m. uv vituii uujtiii iiuv-t. Free Passes to Russian Officers. — Free passes have been forwarded to the officers of the Russian war ship Vesta: k b_\ the Railway Department. The number already despatched is 20, and on the arrival of the other vessels belonging to the squadron the officers will bo supplied with passes. It appears that officers of foreign ships war come within the narrow limits of the term " distinguished visi tors," as laid down by the present com missioner. — "Evening Mail." Benalla Fire-Brigade. —A meeting of the committee appointed to form a fire brigade for Banalia met at Giblin's Hotel 011 Tuesday night, 27th January. There was a full attendance ; Mr D. C. McCarthy O'Leary occupying the chair. Tho I1011. secretary (Mr A. Ball) informed the meet ing that the canvassers had completed their labors in the town, with the handsome returns of £107. A vote of thanks was I awarded them. Messrs Weaver and M. J. O'Leary were added to the committee. Mr W. Billson, lion, secretary of the I Beechworth Volunteer Fire-biigade, gave some valuable advice as to the working of the newly formed brigade, for which h- received a vote of thanks. The rules of the Beechworth brigade were adopted, with necessary alterations. A vote ot" thanks to the chairman terininate.il tiie meeting. J Sales of Cottages. — We would direct attention to the sales of auction by Messrs J. H. Gray' and Co. tc-morro-a (Wednesday), at Beechworth, of the co' ta cos at present occupied by .VI rs Graham and Mrs John Smith, in Upper Ford-street and in High street, respec tively. The Weather, — After a period, lasting over a fortnight, of excessive heat, in Beechworth, on Monday morning there were indications of a change, which was | most eagerly looked forward to. Tin- I early part of the day, however, was warm I and oppressive, although tho sun was ob scured at intervals by clouds, and the only result of the breezc3 which blew at inter vals was to rais- clouds of dust. Abm' j 4 p.m. the wind shifted and the atmos phere was perceptibly cooler ; a very j slight fall of rain taking place at six o'clock. The hopes of those who antici pated a downpour were not realised ; the remainder- of the night being beautifully 1 clear and cool — in fact, the sudden change I rendered warm wraps most acceptable to those whose duties, or pleasures, called them forth into the night air. j Gas lighting. — The Presbyterian Church, Beechworth, was for the first time on Sunday night last lighted with gas ; and the new method of lighting was justly appreciated by the congregation, being a remarkable improvement upon the kerosene-lamps hitherto in use, as the light dispensed through the building had I a most pleasing effect and owing to its brilliancy fully answered all requirements The Silver Creek State -school. — Mr D. Mclntyre, the head-teacher, elsewhere intimates that he will open the above school, which will be conducted for the present in the Independent Sunday- school room, near the Crow Hotel, to-morrow (Wednesday) morning. Mr Mclntyre'ssuc. cessor at Reid's Creek School i3 MrHayes- A Noble Deed. — The following is from a London paper of ar ecent date : — "A brave man has gone to hi3 rest in the per son of Captain Strachan, of the steamer Cyprian, of Lirerpool. Caught in a Gerce storm the crew of tho Cyprian were en gaged almost from the hour of starting in a long and sleepless struggle to save their vessel. The measures taken by their com mander at each new crisis of the steamer's danger would in themselves have stamped him as a skilful and fearless mariner. He did for lxis vessel all that a capta'in could do, and not until all was in nun, and the cables parted, did the gallant commander bid each man look to. himself, since seamanship could avail 110 more. Mean time a miserable little stowaway had come upon deck. The lad had no kind of busi ness there. A waif of the Liverpool gutters, what was his little life to that of the captain, with a wife and child ashore, and the future to make for them ? But the gallant Strachan uulashed from his own breast, the lifebelt, which would be his best — in reality, his only —chance of reaching the land. I J can swim that far, my boy,' he said, and with this last splen did performance the captain close 1 his mortal career. He was drowned, but the waif was saved, let us hope, to be useful in the world. A subscription is to be started for the noble Sfcrachan's family.' The Mining Board Election.— i,; r,>_ sponse to a numerously signed requisition which is published in another column Mr Patrick Hannan has decided to con test the election for the representation of the Beechworth division of the district at the Mining Board with Mr Wm. Ward the retiring member. ' Renewed. — The "Government Gazette'1 of the 27th January contains a list of re newal of licenses and grazing permits, for the year 1882, approved. Remahkacle Success of the Peabody Experiment. — The original half million sterling given by George Peabody for the erection of model lodging buildings in London has now become £720,000. 'lhis large increase in the capital of the Trustees is stated by their surveyor to be due to the income from the buildings. The occu pants of rooms arc stated to include all grades of the working classes, from laborer and washerman to the skilled arti san. The entire expenses of the manage ment of the trust are, according to the same authority, under £800 per annum. The deaths m the Peabody buildings-, calculated upon sixteen years' experience, have been at the rate of only 16 7-10 per 1000 per annum, while the general death rate for the metropolis during the same period has been 23 410. 'Tiie death rate in crowded districts surrounding the buildings may be taken at thirty or forty to the thousand. The Consumption of Temperance Beverages. — Who says the residents of Benalla are n «t a people ot temperance r asks the " N. E. Ensign." Last week— tiie Wt clc .-d hot days and hotter nights — our cordial m >nulacturcr, Mr William Ride, s dd to h s customers in Benalla fif teen hundred d->z> n bottles of ginger-ale, lemon me and sodas. This is by far the largest week's sale he li»s had since tlio ; opening of his establishment. i he death of al ks watson. - An " Age" telegram from ConRtnwu states : — The Spitfire has returned from Howiclc Islands. Inspectors Fahey and Fitzgerald held an inquiry at the i-lattd previous to removing the bodies. The remains of Mrs Watson an.i the baby were in one c ffin attd Ah riam'sin another, and brought ashore, where they were placed in t lie police store to await interment. The Spitfire hr- ught also the iron tank and paudles. Flags were flying half-mast all dav. and great sympathy has been felt lor Captain Watson. 1 he inhabitants intend t<> give a public funeral, which will take place on Sunday afternoon. A Professional Dog. — Nellie, the beautiful and gentle greyhound that ac companies George Fielding to Australia every evening at the Adelphi Theatre, Loudon, iu " It's Never too Late to Mend," was presented with a handsomely mounted coilar, in recognition of her two hundredth appearance in the part. The presentation was made by Miss Gerard in the green room of the theatre. Nellie knows tier business thoroughly, and is a general favorite. Fire at Stawell. — A serious fire broke out utt Wedti silay morning at the eastern end of Main -street, caused by upsetting a kerosene lamp at the European Hotel. In a few minutes the room and hotel were in flames, which rapidly spread to the adjoining premises east and west of the hotel named. In the meantime the fire- brigade arrived, but their efforts were much hindered by the unsoundness of the hose. The front of the houses on the op posite side of the street were till charred, but the firemen, disregarding the heat, fought well, and finally got the flames ex tinguished, after four buildings had been completely burnt down. Very little fur- timirft WMR SMVi'fl Thfi nlnmis ilHsnnivfl were the dweiliug of Mrs M'Gee, the European Hotel, a building belonging to Miss Al 'Daniel, and a large place which was until receii'ly occupied as a boarding- house. The European Hotel was insured for £.150 in the North British Couq any, and the furniture for £100 in the Com mercial Union Company. Miss M 'Daniel is said to have an insurance effected ni the Australian Alliance, and the boarding- house premises were insured for £200. £100 in the Standard Company and £100 in the Australian Felix. The Defaulters Dread of Holidays. — Some years ago, wneii an enormous de falcation took place in Loudon on the part of cite treasurer of a public company, it came to light that he haa for years avoided oiking a holiday of more tnau a day or two, i he object evidently being that no thorough examination of his accounts should be made. Thenceforward that company, and many otuur c-unpanies, in sisted 011 all their subordinates taking holidays, and their books tire then overhauled by competent accountants. The case alluded to, and also that of a man who for j'ears carried om gigantic frauds 011 lite Crystal Palace Company, bad the salutary effecs of causing firms to rapidly investigate the accounts of their ciutiii's, etc., irrtspeeiive of long service and cordial relaiio-is. A Warning to Cigarette Smokers. — A Melbourne correspondent writes : It is said that a caxcer in the uiuuth and face, to which the lace lamented Col. Anderson finally succumbed 011 Monday night, after months of hopM-siS suffering, was brought on by tlieconstantaiii.ikingofa peculiar kind of cigarette, of winch Hie deceased was very fond, and which is made in M exico, where a similar disease in a uitid form frequently prevails amongst the manufacturers of the article. It is said that in rolling the cigarettes the natives are in the itabit of wetting the ouiside covers with their saliva, chose suffering fnun cancel" thus sowing the seeds of contagion amongst the consumers. Jews in Courts of Law —A few days ago, savs the " Liw Times" (London) of the 19th November, a Jew objected to serve 011 a jury on the ground that- lie was a descendant of Aaron, and was not allowed to come near a dead body, except in the case of the death of his iv Lit ions. The Jewish argument was that they were strangers iii the land, and were inn bound by its laws. It is curious that as late as the time of Lord Stowell it was considered doubtful whether, in a suit in the Ecclesi astical Court, a husband charged with adultery could defend himself by alleging that the Jewish regulations allowed concu bines (D'Aguilar v D'Aguilnr, T. ILigg., 715) ; and Mr Hatiunick, iu his v.'n:-kon marriagj, published in 1373, st ites ihat there is some slight doubt ulmtin-r J= ws are within L >rd Lynlhur.-.t's Act. ltis certainly a-: improvement'that the Chris tian O u f. is now relieved from deciding 011 Jewish questions A Chinaman Buried Alive — oa Tlut s lay a'te-n h 11 a Cliin o-e miner wli > was working "alone on the bank of 1 Is 0 Ovens Hirer opp s"-c Bright narrowly es cape I be ng smotbcrc i, tccords the 'Observer. The m-n was engage J in stripping a piece ol ground, and sat down for a short time to take a in s , wliou the earth, to the extent of abo it a ton weight came down on him, jamming liis head between his legs. w uld have quickly intervened, had mt Mr Kinkadc fortunately arrived on tha spot, and at once gave the alarm. Several willing hands were quickly in attendance, and the unfortunate fellow was with litrie loss of time extricated. His back was badly i bt uised, but no other injuries wt re sus tained. Acountaman of his undo took to a1 tend te his wants until Dr Wickens' attention could be secured. 