Farmers' Association. No doubt some of our readers will be deairious of having presented to them in small compass the actual business done at the meeting of the Farmers' Association, in Adelaide last week. We therefore extract from the reports which have appeared in the daily papers the resolutions that were passed, and which may consequently bj considered as embodying the policy/ of the Association. These resolutions are as follows :— INTEREST. That the system of charging interest upon the purchase-money of credit selections be iu future abolished; that all interest paid since January, 1879, except first instalments, be credited against pui<jlm*e?rni>ney, and all interest due or becoming due ba remitted. PAYMENT OD PUaCHAiJJ? MoNKY. That all payment of purchase-money or balance of purchase-money now due or becoming due be paid off annually at the rate of 5 percent per year. SPECIAL CASES. rhftt a board be appointed by the Government to enqqire into and adjust the claims of selectors in distiess from the failure of crops. THE A.PCTIOH SYSTEM. That the branches be asked if it is desirable that the Government lie requested in any revision of the land laws to abolish the auction system, and substitute that of classification of the land and decision by lot as under Strangways Act. 8CBUB LANDS. (1). That the area of scran lands allowed to be seleste 1 remain as at present. (2) That the Government be requested to declare all scrub lands forfeited vyhoae holders hare not fulfilled the conditionsi (3) That the Government ba recfim* t&ended; to insert a clause in the scrub li^qd s ibases requiring the lessee to clear and culti? vafeone twentieth qf the land annuallyliA-NDS NOT TO JJIS SOLD tfoU CASH. , That in future none but (own and suburban land.sbe sold for ' cash. BUSH l/'XaES ACT. That in £he opinion of this meeting the following fcanendaleuts would bfc advisable jn the Bush'Fires Act t^-l No fire slaall bd I lightel for the burning of stubble, hay, grass, or scrub timber, or any rubbish till after the 1st day of February, unless by special permission from the District Council. 2 That the time fixed for such burning shall be between sunrise and sunsat. 3 That a space of three feet in width be cleared round all stubble paddocks, and a space of half a chain in width be cleared round all scrub or timber ] of any kind where such burning shall take • place. f POND Foil ASSISTING DLSTilfiafiED PAHMEIiS ^1) That the Central Committee be entrusted with the distributijn aud future management of the fund. (2) That a deputation wait on the Gov cru.nent, asking them to -ubJdiae subscrip tions towards the Relief Fund. (3) That this meeting approves the action of the Centra! Committee in reference to the relief of the distressed selectors. THE GOVERNMENT POLICY The Government policy as announced by the Chief Secretary last w^ek we give in the following extracts from Advertiser's report of his speech:—'The Government would recommend Parliament to agree not simply to what the present Land Act authorised—-! postponement of the payment of iuterest in cases where it was desirable to do so—but to wipe off the iuterest abeolutely in certain instances. Thus, where a man for the last three years had bad ar. average yield of under 4 bushels to the acre, the Government proposed to ask Parliament to remit three years' interest; where the average for a similar period was under 5 bushels, to wipe off two years' interest; and where it was under € bushels lemit one year's interest. (Hear hear). That might not be all the selectors could wish, but he thought they would admit that it was a great deal to concede. As an example of this he state 1 that the inspector ot valuations had reported that the amount which would have to be w. itten off were the proposal agreed to would be £120,000, and this would go to plate the credit of the selector on a far better b isis. The Government alsJ propoied to deal with the conditions of cultivation and residence. These must, in certaiu parts of the country, be relaxed, and when Parliament met that question would have to lie dealt with. Wher. a mati had contracted to pay a higher price for his land then he found he was able to pay, he was permitted to throw up the land, for the law held that a man who had made an unprofitable agreement with ttie Government should be permitted to give it up. At the same time an injustice might be done to the selector, as after he had given up the land hi was not allowed to take up other land in place of it if he had already taken up the maximum quantity allawel by the Land Act. The Government intended, therefore, with the consjnt of Parliament, to allow such a man to surrender his selection and take up other laud ic he chose to 