TOWN TALK. Keuter telegraphs that the address in reply to the Queen's speech at tho opening of the Imperial Parliament has been adopted by the House of Commons, after a lengthy debate, during which several amendments were proposed and negatived. According to Austrian opinion the rebellion iu tho Danubian provinces is now suppressed, ex cept in southern Herzegovina, and all danger o£ a geueral Pan-slavic rising is over. The Collective Note o£ Prance and England to tho European powers explains their Egyptian policy, and invites general deliberation, with a view to a thorough understanding upon all questions affecting Egypt. Tho Mayor received a letter yesterday from the Commissioner of Customs, stating that the steamer Despatch would visit Corio Bay on the morning of the 27th inst., and would bo allowed to be used as a flagship for tlio regatta. It is expeetcil that the Cerberus band will be brought to Gcelong on tho day named, and play selections of music during the afternoon. Tho honorary medical staff of the Geelong Hospital met on Tuesday afternoon, and decided to take tho management of tho patients. Drs. ileid and Croker agreed to divide one fortnight, and Dra. Wyer and Smith tlio next fortnight, alternately, each doctor to bo responsible for tho patients individually treated. There will not be any senior surgeon among the honorary staff, although Dr. Koid has, with liis customary generosity, agreed that iu any case of emer gency he will bo happy to assist, or give his advice. Tho admission and treatment of patients will be in future somewhat different to the practice which has prevailed iu the past. Where persons are considered to be able to pay they will not have free surgical aid and advice. Thevaccination with pure calf lymph was [ conducted yesterday at the Mechanics' Institute class-room by Dr. Barker, jun., assisted by Mr Kendall, of Melbourne, in the absence of Mr Graham Mitchell, who is at present in Adelaide. Only twenty per 80ns presented themselves for vaccination, but those who were operated upon last week attended, and proved that the opera ? tions bad been most successful. Dr. l'incott, who was well satislied with the results, ob tained a number of tubes of vaccine matter, ono remove from the cow, from the healthiest children aud adults who had been previously vaccinated with pure calf lymph, A magisterial enquiry was held at tho Geelong gaol yesterday afternoon, by Mr Par dey, J.P., on the body of a prisoner named Joseph Hayward, aged 86 years, who died in the gaol on Tuesday afternoon. Potcr Dwyer, governor of the gaol, gave evidence that the deceased wa3 received iuto the Geelong gaol on February 9th, from Mel bourns, under a sentence of three months' imprisonment for vagrancy. The deceased was then in a very weak state, and received every attention, but died on Tuesday, the 14th inst., about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon. Dr. 0. T. Mackin, medical officer of ftho gaol, gave evidence that tho deceased was received into the gaol hospital in a dying condition on tho Oth inst;' Ho received every attention, bnt died on tho afternoon of February 14th. Tho causes of death wcro old age and exhaustion. A verdict in accordance with tho medical evi dence was recorded by Mr Pardey. At the commencement of tho Ballarat po tato season last year wo pointed out tbat tho action of the growers, in stuffing nearly half a hundred weight of soil into a bag supposed to hold lewt. potatoes, would have an injurious effect on trade. It turned out a fact, for tbo people of Now South Wales objected to buy dirt with the potatoes, and quickly transferred their orders to growers of pota toes in the Warrnambool district, and ' in New Zealand and Tasmania. Scarcely half the export trade in Ballarat potatoes was dono here, as compared with tho previous sea son, Now tbat tbo new potato season of tho agricultural lands about tho goldfields city is commencing, we may venture to remind growers that, if they desire to pre> serve their trade, they will have to act on strictly " commercial principles," and not pursue any " crooked " Hays The Minister of Public Works received a telegram on Tuesday from Goelong, iu J answer to ono scut by him, asking Mr Charlas Craike, ono of the members of tho board of assessors, what progress had been made in the eradication of tho vines in the district. The following is a copy of the reply forwarded " Thirty vineyards being destroyed ; should be finished within a mouth from date. Destruction not com menced on Kitchie and Fuller's vineyards. Several small vineyards being eradicated not included in above.-CHAS. CRAIKE." Tho Minister, not being satisfied with this reply, has directed a letter to be written, demanding why more energetic step's nro not being taken to eradicate tho, condemned vines. The increased trade at tho Moorabool 'street wharf should indnce prompt action to be taken by tho Government in providing better accommodation. It -is urgently needed, for there is great inconvenience experieuced in tho loading and discharging of the steamers' cargoes. Both, tho Alert and Edina havo been removing vast quanti ties of producc during tho past few weeks. The Edina has taken away, on an average, 2700 bags of chaff daily, for Sydney and Newcastle, and also between 200 and 300 tubs of bntter, daily, for those places. The average export of flour to the neighboring colony has been about, 1500 bags per week. In addition to these large quantities of. pro duce for our noighbors, the Edina hag been taking largo, supplies ..of grain, chaff, and butter to Melbourne.'The steamer generally brings back half a cargo of various articles of,commerce from the metropolis, and tbo equally large freights by the Alert every day tend to muke tlie wharf very animated. A meeting of the Chilwell Keform and Protection League was held at the Sawyers Arms Hotol, Chilwell, on Monday evening, Mr Coy, president, in the chair. There was a fall attendance of members, and tho usual routine business was transacted. The "commercial principles " in the management of the railways are a little extravagant as regard? the aizo of the stamps to bo used in placing on press parcels. Tho stamps are almost as large as envelopes, and are ver3T inconvenient for carriago. The amount of gum on the stamps is of more value than the paper to which it adheres. A smaller description of Btamp would be more useful, an saving in paper, gum, etc. An impudent theft of a silver ring was perpetrated at. tho shop of Mr Pearson, jeweller, in Moorabool-strccfc, yesterday afternoon, by a j>onth aged 16 years, and a resident of Geeloug. Tho thief, whose name we could not ascertain, visited tho shop, and examined a number of rings, fitting them on his fingers. Whilst a second cus tomer was being served, tlio youth in ques tion managed to " palm" a silver ring, and then slyly drop it into one of his pockets. Tho movement, although adroitly executed, was observed by ono of Mr Pearson's sons. The thief insisted upon Baying that tho rings did not fit him, and when asked to try the ono in his pocket he made a bolt for tho street, followed by M>ster Pearson. The presence of a policeman id the neighborhood caused the thief to have some fear, and- he allowed himself to bo caught by yonng Pearson. The youth, however, tried to ue* coive his captor by producing a brass ring from his pockot, but eventually dropped the stolen silver ring on tho footpath, and ho was permitted to go away. Tho thief; who was drossed in light brown colored trousors and vest, and wore a dark soft folt hat, tried a similar trick on Mr Bradloy, tho jeweller, the other day. A man named Edwin Mansfield, who cave himself up to Sergeant Dawson in Moora bool-street on July 20th, 1SS1, stating that he had no visible meana of support, and who was at that time sent to gaol for 12 months on a charge of vagrancy, applied to the bench at the Police Court yesterday morning for money, in order that he might proceed to Hamilton, where some friends of his reside. Mansfield stated that he had petitioned tho Governor in Council for his release, on the ground that at the time he gave himself up to tho police ho was suffering from sunstroke, and did not know what ho was doing. His petition was grauted, ho said, on the recommendation of Mr Heron, P. M., to whom he expressed him self as very thankful, aud ho was released yesterday morning. He received ten shil lings from tho poor box. A little boy named John Bond, aged S yoars, residing with his parents at Murroon, near Winchelsea, met with a painful acci dent on Tuesday. He had climbed a tree in search of gum, and the branch of the tree ho was leaning on snapped, and he fell to the ground, a distance of about 12 feet. He was brought into tho Geolong Hospital yesterday, where it was found his left arm was fractured, and his loft eye contused. He rcmaiued an in-patient at the hospital. A well-attended meeting of the Australian Natives' Democratic Association (Geelong brauch) was held last evening in tho Tcmporanco Hall, Littlo Malop street ; Alt II. Oko in tho chair. Fivo new members wore elected, and, after routine business had been transacted, the members started a debate on the subject of "Flogging," upon which several spoke, and the debate was adjourned for a fortnight. The board bearing the name of the ship Sobraon, and which was found on the beach beyond Portland a couple of days since, was brought through from Portland yesterday, and taken by the mail train to Melbourne last night. The name of the ship is in gilt lettering, and the screws by which the board had evidently been fastened to the vessel were half out. The board is in no way damaged, and appears to have been washed off by a heavy sea. About a week since a youug man named Joseph Roberts was fined £3 3s, and ordered to pay £1 9s costs, at tho Police Court, for having assaulted his mother, lloberts did not appear to defend the case, having hastened to Melbourne on receiving his summons. Yesterday afternoon tho young rufiiau returned from tho metropolis, and Sergeant Moore, finding him at Chilwell, forthwith arrested lloberts on warrant, and lodged him in the gaol. The alternative for the non-payment of the lino is two months' imprisonment, so that the mother-beater will have ample time for reflection. A special train of eight truck loads of onions aud potatoes came through from Drysdale last evening, about nine o'clock. At the Police Court yesterday morning Mr Price, on behalf of Robert Boll, applied for an ejectment warrant against Catherine Maher, landlady of tho Waverloy Hotel, which is tho property of Bell. William Eden, a clerk in Mr Price's employ, proved haviDg served a notico to quit on Mrs Maher, and an cjectment warrant was ordered to be issued in seven days ; costs £2 2s against Mrs Maher. A man charged with having been drunk and disorderly was discharged with a caution. The Mayor and MrBrady> J.P., were on the bench. At tho Mortlako Police Court on Monday Messrs Robert Hood and William Armstrong wero summoned by tho Inspector for neg lecting to eradicate the thistles on their runs. Mr Hood attempted to defend him self by stating that the sheep killed the thistles more effectually, by eating the tops off, than he could l>y cutting them down. He was, however, fined £20, with 2s Gd costs ; whilst Mr Armstrong, who did not appear, was lined £10, with 2s 6d costs. Men are busily engaged in up-rooting the vines in many of the vineyards in this dis trict. There wero twenty-iivo engaged at the vineyard of Mr Tctaz, Waurn Ponds yesterday, whilst active operations were being conducted in tho properties of tho Messrs Merandaz, at Waurn Ponds and Pet tavel, respectively. The house and freehold property in La trobc Terrace, Newtown, belonging to Mr John Warren, who has removed to Mel bourne, changed hands yesterday. The > property was offered for sale by auction at the rooms of Mr Frederick Page, in Ghering liap-street. Thero was a large attendance, biddings were brish, and Mr Oliver Welsh became tho purchaser for the sum of £1000. The wheat cargoes for the vessels lying at the railway pier are arriving with vexatious tediousness. It is expected that the barque Strathearn will be able to complete her loading to-day. The ship Mairi Bhan is loading slowly, and at the present rate the wheat is coming to hand she may be ex pected to clear out early next week. The barques Drottning Sophia and Caroline Spooner are receiving small consignments of grain. The steam-tug George Ronnie, which came from Melbourne on Tuesday morning, will remove several of the punts at present here, to be used in the work of dredging the South Channel. The annual picnic of the scholars attend ing St. Paul's, St. John's, and - All Saints' Sunday schools was held yesterday at Bream Creek. About 20 vehicles, conveying the scholars, their parents, and friends, number ing about 500, left Geelong at half-past eigh in the morning, and after a pleasant drive arrived at Bream Creek in good time. The games that are usually indulged in at picnics were at once commenced by tho " littlo ones," all of whom seemed to thoroughly enjoy thomselves. Their inner wants were, also well looked after. After a splendid diy's outing, a start was made for homo about five o'clock, and Goelong wa« reached at half-past seven in the evening. The pleasure excursion trips of theBal. larat Sunday-schools appear to have set in for tbe season. There was another one yesterday, the excursionists proceeding to Quecnscliff. The trip waB organised by the teachers of.-the school in . connection with the St. John's Presbyterian Church. It was patronised by about 250 persons, who spent a very pleasant day attho 'Cliff. On Tuesday laBt the annual picuio of the cUildrea attending the .Sunday school ia connection with tho Ryrie-street Presbyterian Church was held in the Botanioal Gardeni. There -were about 200 juveniles enjoying tho outing in the gardens, and the teachers of tho school endeavored in overy way to make tho picnic as pleasing as possiblo to' the childron. The cheapest newspaper in the world is tho Pragtr A benpost, an eight-page royal 4-to., compactly printed. It is sold for ono kreuzer-very little more than the fifth of a penny. . _ A. Barmitzuah, or confirmation coremony took place at the Ballarat Synagogue last Saturday, the recipient of the rite being Moster J. Bernstein, son of Mr Bernstein, Main Road. - Work was resumed at tho Black Horse mine. Egcrton, on Tuesday, all. the men being reinstated except Phillips, .who had previously withdrawn from the mine. 1 A Beizure was made at Avoca oa Monday by tho customs officers, of 58 cases of spirits, on tho premises of a Chinaman. The spirits are believed to have been smuggled, and the owner of the house has been called upon to show why they should not bo forfeited. On Friday night the Btables and ont-honsea at Mr War r ring ton's Inverleigh Hotel ?were totally consumed by fire. It is supposed that the stables were set oil fire by a swag, man who was refused accommodation at tho hotel named. _ Surely the climax of teetotal festivity has at length been reached. Vide tho following advertisement" The Temperance Christ mas Hamper contains an assortment of pnro, non-intoxicating drinks for tho dinner table, banquets, festive gatherings, eto., including sparkling hygeia, sparkling phosphade, aqua theira, etc," Another important seizure of contraband goods was made in tho Chinese Camp, Cres wick, on Tuesday. The seizure consisted of tobacco and spirits o£ the total valno of about £1000. The goods are evidently part o£ a cargo lately smuggled into Victoria, some of which were recently seized in Mel bourne and Bal'arat. Notwithstanding Mr Bent's determination I to conduot the State railways on commercial principles (writes the Ilerald), two special trains were run to Wodonga last week. On Friday, Mr Bent and a few friends had a special to the Victorian border en mils to Sydney, and on Saturday, within 24 hours, Mr Graves and a few friends had another special. Ministers must have a peculiar idea of what commercial principles are. The Camperdown Ohronich writes :~We find that tho Land Office at Camperdown ia not;to be abolished altogether,as_ we had been given to understand. Applications for land will still bo received, but, instead of dealing with tliem here, they will be forwarded to Geelong. The local land boards will bo held as usual, and plans may be obtained here, but all the largo plans and the more impor tant books have been forwarded to Geelong, audSall instructions in connection with the survey of land will be issued from that officer An extensive bush-fire (says tho Ararat A(lvertiser) occurred on the Greeuvale and Eclgarly runs last wcok, by which a large quantity of grasB waB destroyed. Tho fire originated at tho road near Mount PleaBant, between Lake Bolac and Ross' Bridgo, but as the flames did not cross the road the Menenia estate escaped loss. About three thousand acres of grass were swept over by tho fire at Mr Austin's Groonvalo station, and one thousand acros on Mr Milleai's Edgarly property. A number of men from each station and th6 neighboring farms worked with great energy, and. ultimately the fire was arrested. Another ghost (writes the Balltffat Even. iuij Post) has made its appearance on Cres wick road. On Saturday night a figure covered in white was aeon walking about among the tombstones in Messrs M'Donald and Hughes'monumental, yards, and chase was given. A key was taken out of his pocket by tho pursuer, and the ghost called, on to " stand, or receive an ounce bullet.*' Apparently not liking the alternative, the ghost stood, Bhivering, until his captor had made an examination; The ghost No. 2 turns out.to be a man, but, from the way in which he was handled, it is not at all likely that he will again appear as a apirit ; on the other hand it is probable he required a little spirits to strengthen Mm after the rencontre. Constable Twomoy, who went to San Francisco with the view of arresting the absconding secretary of tho Fourth Termi nating Building Society, Mr J. S. Dsnny, has returned to tho colony. Mr Denny ap pears to be well advised by someone in Melbourne as to what is being done here, and when Mr Twomey arrived in America he (Denny) had levanted, without leaving the smallest trace which Constable Twomey could follow. It is supposed that Mr Denny has gone to Mexico, where people who are much sought after are free from the dangers that beset them in countries where extradition treaties prevail. It was publicly stated, a short time since, that Miss Eva, Carmichael, whose marvel lous escape from the Loch Ard wreck some years ago caused a universal feeling of in terest in the people of the Australian 'colo nies in her welfare, was married. News from the young lady's relatives, with whom she is at present living, Bent by last mail, gives (writes the Ballarat Courier) informa tion to the effect that she is not married. SUo is in a very delicate state of health, having suffered from inflammation of tho lungs during last winter, and her medical adviser, an eminent physician In Dublin, has ordered her to spend tho winter on the Continent, as he feared consumption. This news will doubtless be heard with regret, for the terrible and not unromantie story of her advent into this colony interested in her future all who heard it. Atthe Echuca Police Court on Tuesday morning, Mr JPennefather, instructed by Mr Conant, applied for the confiscation of the two cases of opium seized lately at the railway station by the Customs. authorities: On last Tuesday a Chinaman named Ah Tie, alias Sam Yick, was convicted of removing the opium, being uncustomed goods, and Gued £100, and the present application was at the instance of the Customs authorities for its forfeiture. Mr Kelleher, of Mel bourne, instructed by Messrs Blake aDO Riggall, and also by Mr Harcourt, appeared for the defence, to show cause against the forfeiture. A number of Chinamen were examined, who simply proved that duty had been paid oh some opium byKongMeogand QUOD Hang Sheang, which they alleged had been bought by and forwarded to Ah Tie. The bench, however, thought the evidence for the defence inconclusive, and ordered the forfeiture of tho opium, with £7 7s coats. An appeal was lodged, and two sureties in £20 cach were entered into to proceed with, it. ' In our advertising columns will bo found tho prospectus of Aduann' Grand Hotel Company. It is proposed to purohase the hotol at Queenscliff from Mr Admans, and to carry it on by a directory. The company will have a capital of £50,000, in 30,000 £1 shares. The share list will close on Friday, 24th inst. is"A meeting for the purpose' of arranging for the annual regatta on the Barwon River will be held at the Victoria Hotel this evening, , A special meeting ;o£ the Geelong and Western District Licensed Victuallers' As sociation will bo held to-morrow evening, at the Prince of Wales Hotel. . Tho programme'of the Leigh Road annual race meeting appears in our "advertising columns this morning. _ It comprises eight events, for which liberal prizes arc offered. Entries must be sent in before 8 o'clock p.m. oa March 13th. . r^The Railway Department invites tenders for the supply of firewood at the Leth bridge and Lai Lai stations. 