COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. [From our own Correspondents.] PORT GERMEIN, February 22. A sale of suburban land was held here last night, but there were few buyers and it was not a success. The body of a man was found on the beach this morning, and was identified as that of a seaman who was lost overboard from the steamer Star of Hope last Thursday. An inquest will be held to-morrow. A nice cool change has set in, but no rain has fallen. The wheat market is very quiet and little is doing. WALLAROO, February 22. Inreply to the message sent by the corpora tion respecting the water supply, the Com missioner of Public Works has stated that lie will endeavor to arrange with the smelting company to start distilling- water, as cheaply - as possible. -This morning it was cloudy, hut only a sprinkling of rainfelLA'dt is.now clear. The splendid meteor referred to by Pro fessor Lamb was visible here on Friday eveningjiaii^wargreatlyjadmired. The pro fessor&deseriptipn;'df itrc.on»spondswith our likeAattieket, and'sending; out brilliautf.s^ir.s suddeMy-appeared to spertd itself tiuy thr^§'fOfi;light. - ' BiSjiJabfc&oh-; has - resigned the 'pd^ition; of As^iihKpolohfaC Surgeon~ at .the, - hospital two. (m-h^TeiSM toitl& 'cploniesAhe will probably^settlft'-iia Melbourne. The doctor lias been hera^r;-tliirteea|years, and is en titled to a eonsideribldastixxng allowance. A bushfire started near Tarpeena a few days ago, • and spread thence to'Mr: J." O.. Sutton's Pleasant Park; Mrs. Maclnmion'STvaladbro, and Mr. Crowe's-Miugbool i&ationsr; A great deal of grass ahd a few fences were hiiriit, but lio other property was destroyed. \ The fiiWi^ now being gotiinder.' ' ' . " . Mr. H. A. Price,'the'inahagci'-1 of the National Bank left here for-Adelaide via Narraeoorte1 yesterdayafternooiiyjto. join the firm of William; Milne,1 jnn. & Go.' MivA\ Loutifc, from Kooringa, ■ has taken- his place liere. ' -1 . _ Mrs C. J. yalentine, the Chief Inspector of Stock, .has "been here during the past two days, and left this afternoon for Yallum en routa for Adelaide. Pleuro-pneumonia is said'to he'prevalent on the other-side of the border. Very little-is known about it here, as there is no pleuro in this"di3triet. . Only, a,few drops of rain fell to-day. The weather is now fine again.' 