EPITOME OF GENERAL NEWS. • "The leases of 8,900 square miles of land in the Northern Territory, were disposed of at the late Government land sale at the total rent annual rent of £10,086 5s. The new Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, built for the congregation of the Rev. J. Hall Angus, will be opened <m Sunday, February 5. Mr. Worth, an artist who recently arrived in the •colony, has consented to place some of his paintings for a time in the Art Gallery. The number of births and deaths reeistered for the week ended January 21, was—births, 235; deaths, 106 ; •excess of births, 129. There have been ten admissions, five discharges, and one death at the Children's Hospital during the past month, leaving twenty-eight patients. In Sydney the anniversary of the foundation of the colony, January 26, was celebrated with great enthusiasm. The Port Adelaide Corporation have declined to act on the decision of the small majority obtained at the recent poll, authorising them to borrow £5,000 for enlarging the Town Hall. After a protracted trial, extending over two months, Guiteau has been found guilty of the murder of President Garfield. John O'NeiJ, of the Railway Hotel, Knpunda, has •been fined £5 and £1 8s. costs for supplying drink to a person certificated under the Inebriate Act. Mr. Robb, the well known contractor, has liberally given £150 to establish a scholarship at Prince Alfred College. It is to be called the Robb Scholarship. Mr. H. C. Fletcher has presented to the Woodville Institute a handsome edition of Wilson's Tales of the Border." • Mr, and Mrs. T. Herbert, of Moonta, have just celebrated their golden wedding. There were present two eons, two daughters, and seventeen grandchildren. On February 1 a reduction in the rate of postage to Britain via Brindisi and Naples will be made. Letters not exceeding balf-an-ounce will be charged sixpence. Goods consisting of watches and jewellery, to the value of £300, have been seized by the Customs authorities. They were smuggled ashore by a passenger by the Liguria. It is suggested that some recognition should be made hy the Government to Mr. R. B. Smith, the inventor of the stump-jumping plough. Garibaldi, the veteran hero of Italy, is now lying in a very critical condition at Naples, suffering from a had attack of bronchitis. John Thompson, storekeeper, Kapunda, has been fined £50 and costs £6 5s. for unlawfully retailing less than one gallon of spirits. The net profit on Prince Alfred College accounts for the year was £432 17s. 10d., after expending £293 in various improvements. A successful meeting has been held in the hall of the Young Men's Christian Association to protest against the loading and unloading of steamers on the Lord's- •diiy. Upwards of 300,000 copies of Mr. Spurgeon's " John Ploughman's Talk" have been sold, and the demand is still as large as ever. The Hon. J. W. Downer has been appointed Acting- Minister of Education during the absence of the Hon. J. L. Parsons. Mr. Murray Smith! has received the appointment of Agent-General for Victoria in London. The manager of the sewage farm at Islington has sent into Adelaide some splendid specimens of lucerne, rye-grass, and maize grown on the farm. The Rev. J. B. Austin, a very old colonist, died at his residence, Unley Park, on January 31, in his 83rd year. The body of a man, name unknown, was found floating in the Torrens Lake on Taesday morning, January 31. A seam of coal has been reached by the diamond drill, at a depth of 500 feet, at Kilcunda, Victoria. The Sydney publicans' appeal against the operation of the new Act as to 11 o'clock has been decided against them. They are not to keep open after 11 o'clock. The members of the North Adelaide Girls' Friendly Society have presented Miss L. C. Jervois with a beautifully inlaid table of native woods on the eve of her approaching marriage. Several cases of sly grog selling on the Nairne Railway were heard at the police court on Monday last, and the transgressors fined £10 each and costs. A fire broke out in a gully to the east of Mrs. Homersham's, near the Eagle-on-the-Hill, on Saturday, January 28. The fine building was only saved by the efforts of willing volunteers. The Adelaide School Board at its last meeting dealt with several cases in which parents had not sent their children to school, and issued orders for the free education of others. Mr. William Eggers. for some years editor and proprietor of the South Australian Deutsche Zeitung, died at his residence January 30. Captain Greer, of the steamer Lubra, when off Wallaroo, picked up a man in a water-logged boat, which had been capsized when the man was out for a sail. The total expenditure of the Home for Incurables during the year was £2,568 4s. 3d.; receipts exceeded the expenditure by £676 4s. 4d. A house and furniture belonging to Owen Devlin, farmer, of Glenorchy, were totally destroyed by fire on Saturday night, January 28. A branch telegraph, postal, and telephone office was opened at the east end of Rundle-street on Monday, January 30. Several telegraph-poles and some fencing have been destroyed by the large bush-fires which have been raging in the south east. The Rev. J. McNeil, B.A., commenced a series of special services at Kapuada, on Sunday last, and has continued them through the week. The total yield of gold in Victoria for the year 1881 is estimated at 858.I4o ounces, against 829.121 ounces for 1880, being an increase of 29,024 for 1881. Mr. Justin McCarthy, the member for Longford, has refused to take the leadership of the Irish party in the House of Commons. The ship Border Chief, of 1,020 tons, has been brought into Port Pirie harbor without the slightest mishap by pilot Denman. A farmer named Conlon brought into Petersburg this week an enormous load of wheat—130 bags, or 581 bushels, weighing fifteen and three-quarter tons. The EUangown, missionary schooner, has arrived at Sydney from London after a voyage of over six months. Mr. W. J. Stephens and Dr. McLaurin have been appointed professors oi natural history and anatomy, Sydney University. Mr. George Freeman, the manager of the Melbourne Photographic Company, has succeeded in taking some excellent photographs by the instantaneous process. A Jewish family, consisting of three persons, has been cruelly murdered at Zhivotils, in Russia. During the current month as many as twenty persons have been arrested in County Galway, Ireland, on charges of murder, or maiming cattle. The employes on the London tramways have suspended work, on the ground that the hours for which they are employed are too long, and their wages too low. The bodies of two bailiffs have been found in Lough Mask, Ireland, tied up in a sack in which they had been thrown into the water. The healthy third-class and steerage passengers by the Garonne have been released from the Melbourne quarantine. The necessary funds are to be raised by subscription to procure a bust of Bishop Short, to commemorate his public and private worth. The tender of Messrs. Williams and Cleave for >£2,777 has been accepted for the erection of a new Congregational church at Hindmarsh. The church, which has been designed by Mr. Davies, of Davies and Cumming, is plain Gothic in stvle. It will be 67 feet 6 inches by 40 feet C inches, with porch, gallery, and two vestries, one 18 x 2S, and will be seated to accommodate GOO persons. 