TUMUT NEWS. [.FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] J Heat, wind, and dust describe the weather at Mfi the biKinning-pt-thgjmst- vTiSek-i-ully^ c— . ^ -— gaj able change set in on Wodnesday evening, when a welcome rainfall took place. Up the river there was a heavy downpour,' which lasted until noon of the following day, whon tho weathor cleurod up, and tho temperature which ensued was positively delightful. Frovious to the rain several large bush-fires were burning furiously ; one especially in the ranges east of tho Tumut river. Those were extinguished, the rain prov ing a timely boon. Having recently had occasion to travol over the Kiandra road, I was struck with tho many substantial improvements which havo boen effected since lust I travorsed that route. With the small road vote for this lino, tho snporiuten dent has managed to do much. There is on» spot which really requires tho expenditure of tho whole of the small amount granted for tho en tiro road, viz., tho bridge over tho Jounama creek near Talbingo. It is in a most dangerous condition — a regular trap, in fact, for horsemen and vohioles, and it is ovor this bridgo that laden waggons, bound for ICiandra, have to pass. The decking of the bridge, formed of small squared saplings, is in many places quito rotten, and the wayfarer has to proceod with caution, and yet tho adjacent mountain is clothed with timber of size and strength sufficient to build a navy, only tho funds to work withal aro needed. With the prospect of ficrrrishing timosin storoat Kiandra, Tumutitos should eoe to tho thorough reparation of this road without delay, even if they have to find tho funds thomsolvos. One thing that tho Progross Committoo should tako in hand at once is tho construction of a bridgo across tho Tumut river at tho old punt. Nearly all Tumut resi dents aro ngreod that spending money upon the Tumut Plains road— while a good and direct line has boen comparatively noglectod— has been a mistake from tho start. The sooner the latter route is adoptod and put in ordor by the build ting of a bridgo tho bottor it will be for all con- . \ - - corned. ? ? . On Tuesday night a firo broke out in tho loft of Mossrs. Kiloy and Son's stables at tho rear of their promisos Wynyard- sfreot. Fortunately it was discovered in timo nnd promptly extin guished. Firo is a dangerous oloment in a town like this in dry weathor. Furious riding is a sin frequently indulged by native lads, and in Tumut (it matters not how dark tho night) off they gp from the PoBt-offlce, or perhaps oftonor from tho front of a pub., as hard as the horses' logs can go, endangering not only their own livos, but those of passers-by. At night the police have little chanco of dotect ing tho culprits. On Saturday night two youths, coming full tear down tho stroot to the bridge, rode over Mr. Donald Mclntoah and trampled him bonenth thoir horeos' heels. They galloped on, and tho poor old gontloman was subsequently found by a lady nearly doad by tho roadside. I beliovo Mr. Mclntosh is soriously injured. Whr tho offenders aro is only a mattor of con jocturo ; but it is high timo tho ovil habit was put a Btop to. ? A largo party left Yallowin station on Thurs day last on a visit to tho Yarrangobilly caves. The party consisted of about flO porsons, some of whom camo as far as C'amdon to inspect these wondors of nature. Tho oconory and olfmato were thoroughly nnjoyed. On Sunday afternoon a largo collection of valuable books, in vulno about £12, woro distri buted as przob to the children of All Sainti' Churoh Sunday-sohool. Tho children during tho past year have made excellent progress. 