OUR TRIP TO GIPPS LAND LAKES AND RIVERS. By TANJIL. It has been often remarked in the public press how little the old folks at home know of these colonies, and the ig- norance of Australian geography dis- played by writers on colonial topics has been the occasion of many severe remarks by those here. We believ e, however, that nineteen-twentieths of our popula- tion born and brought up in Victoria, are as ignorant of their own country as those in far off lands. It is quite possible if a child of full school age was asked - Where is Rotumah Island or M'Lel- lan's Straits? He or she would be unable to answer. It is our intention to give the notes of a trip to Gipps Land, and we trust the tour made in that distant pro- vince of Victoria will be repeated by many of our readers. Taking our seats in a comfortable com- partment of one of the railway carriages, specially reserved for our party through the courtesy of the General Traffic Manager, (Mr John Anderson), every thing seemed to indicate an agreeable journey. By the way we may mention that it is always best to make up a party of six or eight when going for a holiday and the railway authorities will, at any time, meet their wishes by reserving a carriage. The first part of the journey is uninteresting, after you get through the beautiful country around Toorak, Armi- dale, Hawksburn and Gardiner, the Caul field Racecourse is passed on your right but the situation is bleak and barren in the extreme, the only advantage the locality seems to possess, is its eleva- tion, and in consequence affords a com- manding view of Hobson's Bay and its surroundings. After leaving Caulfield, Oakleigh is soon reached, and a most un- necessary delay here takes place, and we would urge, it at once be done away with. We suppose it is a remant of the old times when Oakleigh was the starting point of the Gippsland line. We are now fairly on the way, and soon pass through the older and more settled districts of Dandenong and Berwick. The former township is on the line of railway, and has some good buildings, the latter is situated some distance off, but is sur- rounded by better country. Several minor townships are passed before we reach the more pretentious one of Drouin, but none of them have yet risen to call for special description. Timber seems to be the chief product, and its density close to some of the places, makes one think of the danger in case of a raging bush-fire. For general safety we should say let a belt of land around each township be thoroughly cleared, or some day we may hear of a terrible disaster during a dry summer. Drouin is a township of some pretentions, it boasts of a newspaper, Mechanics' Institute, and two or three places of worship, while every provision is made to satisfy tihe wants of the body. There are several large hotels and gene- ral stores. We were here pleased to meet the first Brunswick man, (Mr W, J. Stephenson, draper), who now has a large store, and is Postmaster-General of the place, through whose courtesy many a a good box of ferns has adorned his old locality. There are several families around Drouin from the " Royal Borough," and we trust patience and perseverance have had their reward. Within a few miles of the township is the celebrated Brandy Creek country. The soil is very rich and as a consequence the land is very heavily timbered. In a few years Drouin will be able to supply Melbourne with Eng-t lish fruits. It is situated about 500 feet above the level of the sea, and we feel the necessity for changing coats. The nex township is Warrigal, the station indi- cates extra accommodation, and another delay of twenty minutes here takes place. We are now about half way, the train from Melbourne meets the one from Sale, and there is a general scramble for a cup of coffee and a chop. The township of Warrigal is considerably in advance of any others on the line, and in general ap- pearance is a credit to the industry of the people. Idleness is no virtue here, and what has been accomplished in this densest portion of a Gipps Land forest. reflects great credit on the population settled therein. Some of the glens and slopes are very beautiful in this dis- trict, and the traveller is struck with the many fine fern tree gullies on each side of the railway. Any one desirous of becoming a selector should just go to Warrigal and spend a few days before making up his mind. The other townships we pass of any note are Waterloo, Trafalgar, Moe, Traralgon, Morwell and Rosedale, all give a picture of patient industry and are proofs of what the hand of man can accomplish. With the exception of Rosedale they have all been called into existence since the rail- way opened, and while we believe there is no class of our community deserving of greater consideration than these pioneer settlers in the primeval forrests, we are sure strong hands and sturdy hearts will have a sure reward in healthy vigor- ous frames and comfortable homes. They deserve the land for nothing, and we trust if ever any of them find it difficult to meet the state rent, there will be a liberal minister at the head of the Lands Department to deal leniently with these tenants of the Crown. Rosedale is situated in an open country, more park-like than the rest, and where cultivated it seems good land. Here bricks and stones are used largely in building and the whole surroundings proclaim the place to be one of older settlement and greater comfort. Stores, churches and hotels abound and the township presents a very pretty ap- pearance. We have here to give up our tickets indicating we are nearing the end of our journey by rail, and so we find it, for a further ride of 16 miles brings us to the thriving borough of Sale, of which we shall give some particulars in our next contribution. 