I rcLEQRAPHIC INTELLIQENCt. («rout Ote Bolto, Herald, and Evening Ifewt.) COPELAND. Thuraday. ¡Echo.)-The Rainbow Co-operative Gold mining Company baa declared a dividend of £5 per abare, after paying all exponeos. The large reef ia showing good gold. Now ready for stoping. GRAFTON. Tuesday. [Herald.]-Louis Werth a farmer in whose possession spirits were found at Harwood Island was summoned to-day for concealing illicit spirits on his premises. Defendant at first pleaded guilty, and was fined £100 or three montha' imprisonment; but be was allowed subsequently to withdraw the plea, as not having understood what waa asked him. The case stands adjourned for one week on the application of defendant's solicitor, Mr. Norrie, who was only retained after the case had been partly dealt with. Wednesday. [Herald.]-The Clarence Pastoral and Agricultural Society's Annual ¡mow is fixed for April 25, 26, and 27. The schedule of prizes has been adopted by the committee. ARMIDALE. Wednesday. [Herald.]-Judge Docker opened the Dia trict Court here yeaterday. A large number of cases are down for trial. Ex-Judge Mey mott appeared aa a barrister in several causeB. The weather is still scorching, dry, and hot. Water ia exceedingly scarce. The creeka, wells, and Band waterholes were never bo low before. Harvesting is progressing rapidly; the yield from wheat is much better than waB anticipated. MOSS VALE. Thursday. [Herald."]-Hanlon's general store at Kan- garoo Valley waa totally destroyed by fire on Tuesday night. The supposed Iobb is estima- ted at £2000. The store ia inaured for £900. CENTRAL KEMPSEY. Wednesday. [Herald.]-Stations and farmti are Buffer- ing severely for want of rain. GraBs is plen- tiful on the flats and plains, but bare on the high lands. Meetings of the progresa committee and railway league were held yesterday. A deputation with the latter will be viaiting Armidale in February. There are great preparations in connection with the Macleay Agricultural Show. Six hundred prizea are offered. The entriea of horses are considerable. The 2nd and 3rd February are fixed for the ahow. The Bociety have commenced actively working to produce something worthy of the district. MUDGEE. Wednesday. [Herald.]-The weather baa been fearfully hot here during the past few days. To-day the thermometer reached 106' in the shade at the local telegraph office, being the highest record known in Mudgee for several years. Rain is very badly wanted. WAGGA WAGGA. Thursday. [Echo.]-The weather until yesterday wbb H in al y hot. A thunderstorm last night ct .( 1 u .i *->oaphere. "}4 ooints of rain Toll. Diiaon'a chid, eu¿cwíA . rou th*, la* fire, i died litsi- o> euin3' fzem injuries roceiVp* 1 in . the disaster. " j WELLINGTON. Thursday. [Echo]-The last four days have been the hottest ever felt in Wellington, and the clouds of dust have almost rendered existence unbearable. This morning is cloudy, with every indication of rain, but up to the pre- sent the dust has continued. COOTAMUNDRA. Thursday. [Echo.]-A very aggreable change in the weather has taken place. We had had a succession of hot winds and scorching days. This morning the district waa visited with a thunderstorm and nice showers, and it now looks as if more rain will fall. TEMORA.. Wednesday. [Herald.]-This afternoon a very heavy shower fell, which helped to lay the duat, and slightly cooled the air ; more ia threatening. The air ia close and oppressive. A child named Constantine dropped dead yesterday through heat at Barmedman. The police magistrate proceeds in the morning to hold an official inquiry. Thursday. [Echo.]-There isa welcome change in the weather Iroin terrific heat to fine, cool, clear air. Last night heavy showers set in and continued until this morning. Twenty-six points fell. The water tanka are replenished. The town iBvery dull. The Cambrian Gold-mining Company, at Sabaatopol, lately, formed in Sydney, is going off well. Lucas and party got more rich specimens yesterday. People are still leaving for Muttama. 965 miners' rights were issued up to to-day. NOWRA Wednesday. [Herald.]-Last night, at Moss's Central Hotel, James E. Williamson, M.I.C.E., &c;, late Superintendent of the Nowra Bridge Works, who to-day left to fill a Government office at EaBt Maitland, waB entertained at dinner by his friends. Mr. W. Lovegrove, O.P.S., was in the chair ; ' Mr. H. G. Merton, J.P., in the vice-chair. The chairman, in proposing the health of the guest, paid a high compliment to his professional attainments and to his character in private life. Mr. Williamson, in replying, referred to the Nowra Bridge, and said that the Bet of lévete taken that day tallied exactly with the lévete of the 30th March last, though on the open- ing day, by calculation, the, weight of people passing over at one time equalled 485 tons, or 52 tone per span, equal fo the weight of four locomotives, each spaV^howing the bridge to be equal to any description of traffic. 1 The thermometer waB 132' in the Bun at 2 p.m. j it is now 110' in the ßhade. I Rain íb badly wanted to relieve the pas turea, for a supply of water for stock, and to moisten the maize fields, which are all late. BREWARRINA. Wednesday. [Echo.]-Yesterdayevening while mounted Constable Bernard Dowling was riding near MrB. Whitmarsh's on Milroy station, hiB borae bolted with him and ran him against a tree. He was thrown across the saddle and dragged some distance. A messenger came in for the police and doctor. Dowling was still inaonsihle when the messenger left which was about an hour after the accident. Senior- constable Steele and the doctor left here about midnight. PARRAMATTA. Wednesday. [Evening News.]--A heavy duststorm swept through the town yesterday at four o'clock, tearing down some old properties. Rain shortly followed', with heavy thunder and lightning, when several trees were shattered to pieces. Two telegraph posts were struck by lightning at Castle Hill and were splin- tered to pieces. A horse waa etruck dead while grazing, and great destruction waa caused in the orchards. The heat is Bevere to-day. The race properties were sold to-day, and realised £668. The attendance was good and the bidding spirited. BROUGHTON CREEK. Wednesday. [Echo.]-A steady warm westerly wind has been blowing since yesterday evening. At noon to-day the thermometer registered 110 degrees in the shade. Rain is badly wanted, and feed is getting scarce. GOULBURN. Friday. [Herald.]-The weather to-day has been intensely warm. A hot wind has been blow- ing, and several bush fires are burning a few miles out. COOMA. Tuesday. [Herald.]-The receipts at the local land office for the past year amounted to £41,899. A banquet is to be given to Messrs. Tooth and Badgery in recognition of their exertions in connection with the railway to Cooma. BATHURST. Tuesday. [Herald.]-The weather continuée exces- sively hot and dry. Thunderstorms were felt yesterday within two miles, but none visited the town. Many of the tanks are dry, the wells are running short, and the creeks in this nighbourhood have been dried up for weeks. ADELONG. Wednesday. [Herald.]-James Crane, whilst driving a dray of lime into Wagga Wagga, from Ky- amba, was run over and had his leg broken. He died the same night. The deceased had built an hotel, and got a license at Tarcutta ; he intended to open to-day. His funeral took place at Adelong to-day. He was a son of Mr. Thomas Crane, ot Mount Adrah, and leaves a family. The weather is boisterous, with duststorms ; rain is threatening. Serious bushfires are raging, and the heat is intense-106' in the shade. ALBURY. Wednesday. [Herald.]-Yesterday wa8 the hottest wea- ther experienced this season, the thermometer 'vr° ill- in the shade ; a hot wind blew all lu ifith if*h io icr ." r ' -'.~-t a large /n» ifije in tro pi e ^'tU.i' ,ri temperature all n.ghl w.» i <m 'j )'. i The following qatatity of wcol ctcBiiet ! hence into Victoria during 1881 :-Washed : | 2454 bales, or 825,0001b. ; value, £57,863. Greasy, during same period : 11,300 balea, or 4,188,3171b. ; value, £215,886. Total balee croaaed, 13,754; total weight, 5,013,3171b. total value, £273,749. CARCOAR. Tuesday. [Herald.]-The weather is sultry : 94' in the shade. Rain íb much wanted ; the sur- rounding country is getting quite parched ; most of the farmers are now engaged harvest- ing, and the yield is expected to be satisfac- tory. At Mount McDonald, the Balmoral Com- pany's No. 2 ahaft íb down 60 feet. The reef at the bottom of the shaft is two feet wide. No. 3 ahaft is down 40 feet ; the reef is 2 feet 6 inches wide, producing splendid gold, and improving as the ahaft deepens. At graas there are 100 tona of quartz for crushing. In the Zulu claim the ahaft is down 40 feet, the reef being three feet wide ; it containa go-- ' gold ; there are 40 tona of quartz on the au face. Grant's claim, No. 1 shaft, the reef haB conaiderably improved, and is now l8 inches wide, the atone formed on the east side ia a casing composed of payable quartz. Gold can be seen plainly on the quartz j this is 70 feet from the surface. No. 1 tunnel, of 80 feet, has been completed. In Colbert's claim a prospecting shaft is being sunk ; occasional leaders are being met with. The King of the West Battery commences work at the end of January. The West Balmoral main shaft is down 60 feet ; the reef is l8 inches thick and contains gold, showing indications of widening. Stone for a trial cruahing is being raised from two reefs ; the proprietors will crush shortly. The tunnel will be commenced at once, driving south, which will probably tap the reef at no great depth. Clark and party's claim, adjoining PaBcoe's main shaft, being under offer to Melbourne capitalists, work was temporarily discontinued, but they have resumed, and the reef was discovered eight inches wide ; it lies about 4 feet from the surface. They cruehed 86 tonB, and realized 132oz. gold. BLAYNEY. [Evening News.]-A foolish report was set afloat a few daya ago to the effect that a number of men were required on the Blayney copper mines, and the conaequencea was that several miners from other districts flocked into town, and when they found they could not get work they were of course bitterly disappointed. Our copper mines promise very well, although just at present there is no scope in them for extra labour, and also there is an abundant supply of men already in the district. The Blayney Copper Mine Company are busy fixing machinery, and the ore now being got is splendid in quality. It is hoped that in a few monthB time a large number of men will be employed. Already a speculator ia about building a number of houses and a large brick hotel near the mine. Dutton and party are busy sinking a shaft. They are down 120 feet and the ore íb splen did. The weather is intensely hot, and wo are now having a series of dust-stormB. Farmera are buey harvesting, and, despite the want of rain, a good yield ia anticipated through the district. JERILDERIE. Wednesday. [Echo.]-A heavy duststorm was blowing all day yesterday. It began at 9 o'clock this morning. About 6 o'clock it waa ao thick that lights were neceaBary. It continued till 10 p.m. A few drops of rain fell. Ther- mometer 112 all day. The water in the creek is drying up fast. DENILIQUIN. Tuesday.^ [Herald.]-A atora unparalleled in its character woa experienced this after- noon. During the whole day the weather waa intensely disagreeable. There were fierce north winds, and the air was filled with dust, stormB occurring every hour or so. Between four and five o'clock the wind and dust were terrific. The latter, in appearance as solid as a wall, came from the aouth-weat for nearly an hour. Everything was shrouded in gloom, and for about ten minutes while the storm was at its height, total dark- ness prevailed. It was impossible to imagine more utter darkness. The wind came again from the north, and a few drops of rain mingled with the dust. BRISBANE. Wednesday. [Echo.]-'The steamer Meath, from Hong- kong, left Cooktown on Tuesday afternoon, for Sydney direct, after discharging 100 tons of cargo. The Tannadice arrived on the same afternoon with 80 tonB cargo for_ Cook- town ; she leaves on Wednesday morning for Sydney via Townsville and Brisbane. [Herald.]-At a Cabinet meeting to-day it was decided to telegraph to the Agent General, instructing him to increase the out- lay for immigration to £8000 or £10,000 per annum ; aleo to the British-India Company, inquiring whether they will be able to furnish the additional accommodation nee.ded. It-is understood that Colonel Scratchley will arrive here on 7th February, to form one of a Commission to inquire into the working of the Volunteer Force, and the cause of the falling off of attendance at drills and parades. John Dea, a carrier, has been lost at Alice River since 1st instant. The police returned to Aramac from a search yesterday, unsuc- cessful. Thursday. [Echo.]--The escapees who landed at Fraser's Island a few month's ago were brought up yesterday, and ordered to be handed over to the French authorities under the Extradition Treaty at the expiration of 15 days. A box containing £50" was Btolen from a bedroom in the Post Office Hotel, Rockhamp- ton, on Tuesday afternoon. MELBOURNE. Tuesday. [Herald?]-The board appointed to ex- amine tho designs for the new Falla Bridge recommend the award of first prize of £200 to the joint production of William Pitt,' architect, and Thomas Merrett, C. E. "The structure is estimated to cost £65,000. The second prize of £100 ia recommended to O. Rampant, C. E., the estimated coat being jr»;..t ..iii." " O'npf'îd by tie Argus \ 3hi. w tha», minug » . tx *. >. \ oolony I dLrirg tho past yeai we»3 atte 'ùeo' . highly sai.ii ptntory results. Ifte io* al it 1 waa 886,4l6oz., as agait-at 812,Íí)2üz, tor the preceding year, the increase being 74,329oz. Ten thousand five hundred children were vaccinated in the colony during the Septem- ber quarter of last year. Wednesday. [Echo.] — The Hospital Committee meet- ing, yesterday, considered the remarks con- cerning the sanitary condition of the institu- tion made by Dr. Youl at a recent inquest. The report from Dr. Millar, medical super- intendent, waa read. He denied that any foundation existed for the alarming state- ments about the number of erysipelas cases during the past six months, since he has had charge. The proportion was not unduly large. Many of the patients were suffering from contagious disease when admitted. They oughtnot to be admitted, buta contagious diseases hospital ought to be provided. Dr. Girdlestone, Health Officer, who is also a member of the Hospital Committee, suppor- ted a great deal of what Dr. Youl had said, but the majority of the com- mittee agreed with the Superintendent's report, which was adopted. A motion, of which Professor Elkington gave notice the week previoualy, namely, that a committee of the whole be appointed to report on the beat moana of improving the sanitary condi- tion of the hospital, by removal of site or reconstruction of a portion of the buildings, or otherwise, waa agreed to. The agricultural reporter of the Austra- lasian lately completed his town and principal agricultural districts estimates. The area under wheat in these diatrictè in the preBent season íb 929,000 acres. The estimated yield is 8i bushels per acre, the highest average being Moira, 14 bushels, and the lowest aver- age being Gunbower, 2 bushels. The esti- mated increase in these districts ia 73,000 buahels. Other districts are expected to yield 2,000,000 bushels, and the total yield of the colony is eatimated at 10,280,000 buBhels. Deducting 4,785,000 buahels for home con- sumption, and 1,500,000 buBhels for aeed, it ia estimated that the quantity available for export will be 3,995,000 bushels, which will be about 108,000 tons. Yesterday a scorchingJ north wind, with dense clouds of duat, has contributed to a most diaagreeable day. In the evening there were brief thunder showers. The wind blow with considerable force in many country dis- tricts. Great damage ia reported as having occurred to buildings in several localities. Rain is sorely needed in some agricultural districts. The barque Alpha, loaded with firewood, was diacovered by the steamer Queenscliff yesterday morning down the bay coming in* dismasted. She was towed into St. Leonards. With the object of further guarding against phylloxera the importation of grapea from Europe íb prohibited. The heat during the past few days hanngr burnt the grass, poisoned grain has been laid for rabbits again. It is being eagerly de- voured, and ia prov'ng very effective. Great exertions will be made to have the colony worthily represented at the Bordeaux Exhibition of wines. At a Cabinet meeting yesterday Messrs. Young and L. L. Smith were appointed a committee to arrange for the exhibits of Victoria. The report of the Steam Navigation Board on the Julia Perey-Nelson collisiou has been forwarded to the Governor in Council to-day. The report of the Explosive Bo^rd recom menda that nowly-invontod explosives should not be admitted to the colony until reported on by experts. It suggests various precautions concerning the use and storage of explosives. In reference to the use ot nitro-glycerine compounds in mines, the board considers the fumeB poiaonoua and injurious to health, and recommends that they should not be used, except the mines are well ventilated, or where fumes can be neutralteed by Bpray of sulphate of iron. The Chief Justice has given his decision in the Vice-Admiralty Court on the action taken by the seamen of the Ferret against the owners. The owners allowed them two months' wages and three months' subsistence, but declined to allow them the amount of a passage home. Aa the amount allowed did not reach £50, it waa decided that there was no jurisdiction, and the case waa dismissed, without costa. Arrived.-Luaitania, from London; City of Melbourne, from Sydney ; Rubicon and Barrabool, from Newcastle ; Exceliior, barque, from Puget Sound.. Sailed.-Coorong, for Acrelaide ; Leura, for Sydney; RotomaSana, fi** New^Zealaniv Flinders, for Launceston ,to #e j*>hip, f* a, London. I 'y°4nn^o* . "~ [Evening News£±rTheptñtíhoivJ left the bay on MonohtTB#-,'ttl'r' purpose of renewing tbrviful Heads for the removal wau be The " sweep " will be wed impedimenta diacovereaurrJrry the use of dynamite. )nfratla> Residents of Fitzroy hBcy w to urge on the Governing tL a measure to repress lhlesJ a Mr. Frank Ballan, nan=== of Victoria, was drow, mrjen morning whitet bathi%mcl_ in Melbourne. en «vr,, [Herald.]-The sh t0^c off the shoal after l.'68Bf' removed, and arrivewIj,£. m afternoon. .irh,-riCt A number of mi**0 for the Hangin^RPu Wales. 308ifcne Much indign,e en a in consequenc "aeo* some ofthenou.f J ing been plac .crer the carao '""i«5» 1 tne cargo. <turni £ station refus» "»" the quarante8 Bt»B»* tiona, stating t . ;ors' and allowedVf,.8^ » protest. T"?h» There is ^^ B garding tßf la"ero»non open for se*»1*!T t.bo I3f.h. RppSdinJelo "" tne ±^cn sec , ^ ."<-,, **«*. The re8ervei?l/,£,'^ue8t'i8 tw>«mpi'>se fcy#GO aerea, apd are inbprovp«^0"*06 value of about« £18,000. The land includea the primest por- tions if the Perricoota run. It is stated that Messrs. Robertson and Wagner, paatoral tenants, intend to fight the selectors, and are prepared to carry the cases to the Privy Council. The applications are expected to be numerous. The Education Commission held its first meeting at the Treaaury to-day. The preli- minary arrangements were made for the exa- mination of witnesses, which will be com- menced on the 8th proximo. Mr. Brown, secretary of the department, now on his way from England, will be the first witness. Larrikinism is ao rampant in the city and suburbs that an influential meeting of metro- politan and suburban magistrates was held this afternoon, for the purpose of considering the most effectual means of suppressing tbe evil. A long discussion took place, and Mr. Call, police magistrate, urged that the magistrates should bave the power of imprisonment without the option of a fine, and to order solitary confinement on bread and water at discretion, whitet be ahould have authority to order larrikins, uneubdued by two doses of this punishment, to be flogged. A committee was appointed to report on the subject. The meetiogj^iisaed a resolution conveying aa an expreaaion~~<)f!~, opinion to the committee that under certain circumstances magistrates Bhould be empow- ered to order flogging. Arrivals : January 11, Victorian (s.), from Adelaide; Mangana (s.), from Launceaton; Melanope, from Liverpool; Stag (barque) and Vivid (barque), from Kiapara ; Zephyr (achooner), from Greymouth. Departures : Aldinga (a.), for Adelaide; City of Mel- bourne (a.), and Boomerang (s.), for Sydney. Thursday, [Echo.]-The Hon. James Henty died early this morning^ He waa bom in dussex, Eng- land, in 1800, and came to Western Australia in 1829. As he could not find suitable land he immediately went on to Tasmania, where in 1834 he established himself as a merchant in Launceston. In 1851 he came to Mel- bourne and established the firm of James Henty and Co., remaining a member of the firm up to the time of bia death. In 1852 he was elected a member of the old Legislative Council and sat till after the new Constitu- tion was inaugurated, when he was elected for the South-Western Province and held the aeat till he died. He had been connected with many of the public movements of the colony. ADELAIDE. r_ , _ Tuesday. [Herald.]-Mr. Ferguson, of the Customs department, has gone to the border to meet the Victorian officer, and arrange for*a v«u newal of the permit system. J A fire broke out to-day on the Port Pirie line, supposed to have been caused by a passing train. Farm produce waB destroyed to the value of nearly £500. Reports from Government GumB atate that great diatreBs exists in the north from the prolonged drought, and that much live stock has been lost. The man Johnson, who created a scare by alleging that he escaped from the Garonne, was brought before the police court this after- noon, and sent to gool for a month as a rogue ' and a vagabond. , John Thompson, an ironfounder, was found dead in hin bed this morning, it is sup- posed from injuries received in a fight on the park land. Another man, Morris Ewens, has been arrested. The Saturday early closing movement is gaining strength. At a meeting to-night it was reported that all the leading drapery firms have agreed to close at 8 o'clock instead of 8. Wednesday. [Herald.]-A large deputation waited on the Commissioner of* Lands this morning, re- questing that the reserve known as the Go- vernment Farm, and which it has been pro- posed to cut up and sell, might be declared a reserve inalienable to the people of the colony. The Minister replied favourably. It is understood that the Government has refused a request preferred by some leading members of the Civil Service to shorten their lours from five in the afternoon to four or half-past four. The report from the quarantine ground is satisfactory. The health of the paasengers continues good. A telegram states that Bishop Short arrived at Albany quite well, and he expected to pass a pleasant voyage. Hie friends somewhat feared the effect of the first part of the voy- age on his feeble frame. The Hungarian sailed from Port Darwin to-day for Hongkong, with 50 Chinese and 904 o*. gold. *> Thursday. )v [Evening New.]-Owing to the increased >,,rise in copper a company has been floated to (?,**vork 28 daunt" close to the Moonta and Wallah "" ^.. â _ 