THE NOVELIST. NIL DESPERANDUM! | AN AUSTRALIAN NOVELETTE. [By M. K. Stafford Lord. J CHAPTER IV. Hark 1 the bells on distant cattle Watt across the range. Through the golden-tufted wattle, Music, low and strange. Finis JCxoptatus. A. Lindsay Gordon. " Take your seats, gentlemen! take your seats!" and Lyndon Harleigh and Captain Vivian obeyed the autocrat of the Spencer street Railway Station, and took their seats in the carriage, where Margaret, Wyndham, and the little maid Tina had already en sconced themselves. Margaret had been able to avoid any explanation with her mother, and had replied to a long whispered farewell with " No, mother dear, do not be anxious; of course I should tell you if there were any thing to tell. Lyn is quite mistaken." The scenery on this line, at all events as far as Ballarat, is well known to most of my readers; but we cannot find ourselves gliding Bwiftly away from the melancholy entourage of Ararat without a word as to the sights which met the eyes of our travellers. Who can ever forget the first visit to the gold districts ? Can anything be more depressing ? One expects to come upon the skeletons of the army so lately engaged in such deter mined conflict with the gnome kings—the army, so many of whom have been worsted in the fight, and have failed to secure the golden treasure after which they have so fiercely longed, for which they have so greedily striven! If the reader has ever made a eejour in Baden or Homburg he may have remarked that the same expression—a sort of inhuman eagerness—is to be found on the faces of the liabituis of the Kursaal and the diggers in an Australian gold-field: the different surroundings—velvet and gilding on the one hand, the canvas tent and debris of quartz and earth- heaps on the other; broadcloth and brilliant uni forms, with decorations on breast, or blue shirt and moleskins, with clasp-knife in belt, these make no difference; the look in the eyes—always the true index to the soul within—is the same. Leaving the gold country behind ub, we find ourselves in the midst of undulating pastures, where, as in our Australian scenery generally, "still waters" are wanted to complete the picture, though in this case one forgets to wish for anything more delectable than the view which greets us as we turn to the noble chain of Grampians. The evening is at hand, and as we watch the declining sun leave a purple tinge on the mountains we forget to observe that the burning heat of an Australian summer has turned the verdant plains into a fair imita tion of a stubble- field, and that gumtrees are not all that could be wished as to hue and shade capabilities. Tityrus would never have stretched his royal limb3 beneath a white gum, even if there were no beech-trees at hand. Our travellers have been a quiet party. Margaret, seated next a window, with her faithful little Teuton beside her, ,and Wynd ham opposite, had been apparently calmly amused, for the moBt part, m watching the country, joined occasionally in the converse, and answered with a quiet voice, though at a great cost in the matter of self control, the many remarks Captain Vivian addressed to her. When they left the train at Ararat to seek for a cup of tea. Tina was the means which Margaret made UBe of to prevent anything like even_ a momentary We-a-ttti. "Tina, come with me," was all that was wanted to chain the little round figure to the side of her only too well-beloved mistress. " Ah, here is Hackney at last," exclaimed Lyndon, as the train slowed up to the plat form. " You are tired, Meg, I know. Hullo ! James: all well at Pariuga? Have they sent the wagonette from Bulla?. There's a gentleman to go there." " Well, sir, I did hear as Mr. Watson went to meet the train yesterday, and nobody came; but I have seen nothing of a trap on the road to-day." "You and Tina can go in the cart with the luggage, and I will drive the wagonette. Brought the bays ?" " Yes, sir; I've had 'em out every day for the last week, and they are quiet as iarnos." "Well, Vivian, it seems you have not done witn him as yet The people at Bulla sent to ircet you yesterday so we will drop you there en route. I can nud room for your portmanteau, &c.;, in our trap," Margaret aid not approve of this arrange ment, but, as" needs must," on certain occasions released Tina from duty with a word or two in German, and then managed to secure Wyndham as her companion iu the l>ack seat of the four- wheeled dog-cart which awaited them outside the station. Lyndon Barleigli's bays were well known in Hackney. Indeed their splendid action would have been noticeable in Collins-street, "Like English carriage horses, Harleigh. How is it you so seldom see that high action in Australia? Is it Borne defect in the breed ing or training ?" " Both, I think. I can show you a young pair at i'aringa worth trotting out in the Kow." They drove through the little town—Lyn don bowing right and left to dim foims, scarcely recognisable in the twilight—past a pretty church with ivy stealing ap the buttresses, an Institute, two more churches, three hotels, and then out through a few farms to a white gate which guarded the entrance to the famous Bulla Bulla Station. The timber from this point to the house was very dense, and each side of the narrow road was fringed with rushes. Wyndham and Vivian divided the labour of opening the gates, six in number, and then the white Eark fence of Bulla came in view. The moon ad just risen—a lurid red, as seen through the smoke of distant bush-fires. "Take the reins, Wyndham, and I will just see Watson for two minutes, and make Vivian known to him." Vivian came round to the back of the dog cart to say farewell, though he made it " Auf wiederschen." "Good night, Miss Harleigh. I hope to come over to-morrow to see how you are." " Yes; Lyndon will be glad to see you." And as they waited Margaret and the toy lawyer, who, by-the-way, was something of a landscape-gardener, discussed the tasteful management Visible in the grounds which surrounded the house. A large magnolia was in flower, and its delicious fragrance was mingled with the cool evening air. Lyndon soon came to his post; the two miles between Bulla and Paringa were soon left behind by the powerful hays, and they drove through the large iron gates and wind ing drive to the house. A long low house, which had been the pride of the district when built, twenty years ago. but which was a mere cofage compared with the palaces which are now seen on the pasture lauds of Australia.; a wide veran dah. each post supporting jasmine and banlisia roses; a double fuchsia had been trained up against the house, its roots reaching the earth through an aperture left in the flooring, and was a glorious sight. Margaret and Wyndham were admiring it when one of the French windows opened, and the "wife" part of Lyndon's "insti tution" came to pay her respects. "You know the place, Mr. Wyndham. I must go and talk to Jane about our damper and mutton." So Margaret followed the good tempered looking Irishwoman through a wide long hall and back verandah to a detached kitchen, where sundry agreeable and savoury perfumes greeted her olfactory sensibilities. " Well, Jane, how are you ? Anything to eat? I want you to get a room ready for Mr. Wyndliam. la the one next the dining-room in good order ?" " It is, Miss. It's only the touch of a duster it wants, an' it's yerself that's looking blooming, Miss Margaret." " How is little Dan ? Did beget some hooks I sent him ?" " He did that, Miss Margaret, and of a Saturday and Sunday he has them all day long; he does be going to school in Hackney .the rest of the week. Will ye be pleased to see what I have for the tay ? A pair of chickens were browning in a Dutch oven; a hare was iulfilliug its destiny in a jar—jugged hare being one of Jane's specialties—while a small nuggety ham drew near to the end and object of its being; vege tables, bread, sauce, and other etceteras, made up a satisfactory menu. " Tina is coming in the cart with James, and will help yon. Yon know she can wait at table. I shall not want her this evening." And Margaret left Jane to her own devices, '■ and wandered off down the moonlit garden. Flowering shrubs were a marked feature the Paringa garden. Fittospornms great variety, bignouia, and others were in bloom, and the myrtles were just budding. Margaret gathered a brave bouquet for the tea-table, and strolled on to the stables, where she found Lyndon inspecting his stud. " Well, Meg, I was just contiug to look for ou. Your boy looks splendid. We i you. Your boy looks splendid. We must go for a spin to-morrow—here comes the cart and your Miidchen." Before long our friends met round the hospitable board to enjoy a bush tea—a meal not to lie despised. Oh, ye dwellers in cities, tea and dinner have a free fight for the upper hand, but I believe dinner generally has the )>est of it. Tina made a charming little waitress, so deft and neat. Ten o'clock fouud them enjoying the cool air in the verandah, the moon Lathing the trees and shrubs in its silver light." "Magpies and moonlight—blissful combi nation ? said Lyndon, rousing himself from the depths of a canvas rocking chair; " how they sing!" " I remember being utterlv spellbound the first time I heard a magpie," said Wyndham. "The week I arrived I went with Tom Rubinstein to Loutit Bay, and took a moon light walk up one of those lovely eullies— you know the place Miss Harleigb, the fern ponds meeting overhead and the moonlight 1 showing them off; every now and then the lovely gurgling warble of the magpies made one forget everything else." " Well, yea,' said Lyndon, " if, as you say, Tom was your companion; hut if you had his lovely sister Helene at your side you would not have been able to forget her, she buzzes at you like a mosquito." " Take care Lyn; perhaps Mr. Wyndham would not wish to forget ner. How do you know?" " Weil, we shall forget how to wake up in the morning if we don't go to bed soon; and I think we must have a ride when Vivian comeB over. I want to show him the country." Margaret had other views, but did not Bee fit to ventilate thein on this occasion. " Wc will talk over our plans at breakfast at 8, Lyn," she said; " or is that too early ?" But the men agreed that it was better to be early, and after good-nights were ex changed our friends sought their respective rooms, and the moonlight and magpies had it all their own way at Paringa. 