COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. (From our own Correspondent.) GUMERACHA, January IS. The heat has been excessive here to-day. The thermometer stood at 110° in the shade. It is the hottest day we have had for years, MALLALA, January 18. A large fire is raging in the scrub near Owen. Report says that it was caused by sparks from a railway engine. It has resulted in a heavy loss to a number of small farmers. MELROSE, January 18. The weather has been oppressively hot, with a north wind, during the past few days, and we hope for a change soon. Great com plaints are being made in the neighborhood of the want of water. The harvest is much worse than was ex pected a month ago. WALLAROO, January 18. To-day was the hottest day experienced here for years past. The thermometer in the sun rose to 178. A number of teams are daily carting water from the corporation tanks for the settlers in the surrounding districts. Some have to come at least 10 miles. Fortunately most of the townsfolk have a good supply. PETERSBURG, January 18. This afternoon a violent whirlwind half unroofed Roades's large shed on the hill to the north of the township, carrying off some sheets of iron, &c.;, 100 feet. It travelled in a southerly direction across the township, but fortunately no other build ings were in its path. Wheat, 4s. 4 1/2d. per bushel. The weather is very hot and sultry with a north wind. PENOLA, January 18. At the Local Court to-day the breach of promise case of Hales v. Fennell was again brought on, when the same damages were claimed. The case was heard by Mr. Scott, S.M., and a jury of four. The evidence on both sides was very conflicting and similar to that given at the last trial. The evidence was fairly summed up by the stipendiary magis trate, and the jury, after a retirement of half an hour, returned a verdict for the plaintiff for £75. Several cases of trespassing on travelling reserves were heard, and the de fendants were muleted in 2s. per head and costs. The weather throughout the day has been remarkably hot, and a number of bushfires have been noticed. Blackmore's Sheaoak Range Run with 15,000 sheep was submitted for sale by auction to-day. After a spirited competition, the offers not coming up to the reserve, the property was passed in at 13s. 6d. per head. 