NEWS AND NOTES. At the request of the Town Council three additional letter pillars have been received for Ballarat East. These will be erected at the following places:—Corner of Humflray and Queen streets, corner of Thompson and Hum ffray etroets, corner of Lai Lai and Main street. These pillars will be cleared twice every day, thereby proving very convenient to the residents of the localities in which they are to be placed. The approach of Eastertide is indicated everywhere by increased activity in the places of business. Anxious papas and mammas, desirous of affording their children an extra treat during the coming holidays, are making purchases beforehand, and the grocers especi ally are kept busy. The latter, however, have one regret, and that is, while raisins, currants, and other commodities are plentiful enough for the demand, eggs and butter are scarce, and purchasers are importunate for those articles. Eggs are the scarcer commodity of the two, and have advanced considerably in value, and doubtless many persons, this Easter, will be obliged to eat their cakes, and puddings with out the presence of the much-desired egg flavour in the cookery. We hear on reliable authority that the through train from Melbourne to Hamilton and Portland will recommence running on and after the Ist of next month. Shortly after Mr Bent, the Commissioner of Railways, had taken office in the present Government ho found that the train running from tho metro polis to the places named did not pay ex penses; in short, it incurred a monthly loss to the department of £BOO. However, as many private suggestions have been made as to making the through communication lucrative, Mr Bent has, we understand, decided to give it another trial. Wo have no desire to bo considered alarmists, but, nevertheless, we cannot help remarking that the weather, as wo write, is anything but promising for the Easter encampment.; There appears to be a kind of fatality attached to the Easter military manoeuvres in Victoria. We do not think that there has been an encamn ment that was not attended by wot weather. Ofd volunteers will no doubt remember tbe “ Wet Werribee" and Little River encampments. We have heard thesufferingsexperienced by themen at the camp mentioned compared with some of the hardships endured by tho British soldiers at the Crimea. Of course the com parison was in point of weather. Since these two memorable encampments there have been several E rater military displays, nearly all of which were marred by boisterous weather; Soma years ago much trouble and expense were incurred in making pre parations for a military outing at Sunbury, but the affair had to be abandoned on account of the heavy rain, which set in a day or two previous to Good Friday. The members of the Garrison Artillery who were on tho ground throwing up earthworks had n rough lime of it, and several of their number narrowly escaped being washed away by the storm water. There is one remark wo must make before closing this paragraph, and that is that though very wet weather prevails in Ballarat and district at present, tho elements may bo much more propitious in Melbourne. Last evening wa saw a telegram which had been received by Major Sleep from Major Bull, of tbe staff, in which it was stated that very little rain had fallen at tho site of the encampment, Dandenong, up to half-past 7 o’clock on Tuesday night. A meeting of Mr Q. 0. Preshaw's friends was held at tho Mechanics’ Institute last night to arrange for a testimonial to that gen tleman on his relinquishing charge of tho local branch of the Bank of Hew South Wales, and consequent departure from Bollnrat. The meeting was well attended, Mr D. Brophy, M.P., occupied tho chair. ■ Progress reports were made by tho hon. treasurer and hon. secretary, and subscription list opened. It was not decided what form the testimonial should ultimately assume, and the meeting was ad journed until Friday, Igth instant. Un usual heartiness marked the proceedings. The gentlemen present were unanimous in their expressions of regret at losing the services of such a valued and experienced bank officer and fellow citizen as M*- Preshaw. A vote of thanks to the chairman, which was suitably acknowledged, closed a most enthusiastic meeting. Wo are glad to learn that a great improve ment has taken, place in tho health of Mr J. W. Gray within the past few days. Mr Gray has experienced increased vitality in his arms and legs, the lungs are working better, and his appetite has increased. Wo understand that a requisition is in courso of signature, calling upon the manager of the Berry Consols to call a special meeting of the company to consider tho action of .the directors in proposing to sink.a shaft near the site of the last bore, without putting at least one more bore down near the Berry boundary, to prove .conclusively whether they are on the Berry lead or not. ■ An. amusing occurrence has recently hap pened in Ballarat, in which the proprietor and employees of a large drapery establishment were; unknowingly hoaxed byworkgirl. It appears; that the proprietor in question was examining _ a large empty room in the top storey of his premises, when be stumbled upon some blankets' lying in a corner.- .A quantity of stock bad previously disappeared from tbe ■bop, and till now no:o!ue had ban obtained as to ita whereabouts,': The ingenious owner hit upon a plan for seoaring -the thief as well, as.'the remainder of the stolen pro perty.and resolved to watch during the night for the supposed burglar'toroturn for his booty. • Acoordingly/a number of the workmen watched all: night ,fdr the,thief/..’and during that period spent many anxious moments, as the slightest whisper was forbidden for , tear of alarming any intruder. The enforced vigil was over, and the proprietor, upon coming to business in the morning, was indignant to hear that one of the girls,. having bad a head ache, had taken the blankets upstairs for a couch in order to enjoy a few minutes’ repose, but bad inadvertently, as it proved, forgotten to replace them. -The subject is tabooed by master and men; who vow that, clearer demon stration of the committal of a burglary will have to bo given before another watch is kept. It appears that children are not the only persons in Ballarat who are suffering torn ophthalmia. . .We are sorry to learn that many adults have been attacked by this painful bye complaint, and in not a few instances persons havo been rendered temporarily blind. It is said that the recent changeable weather has; dono much to make ophthalmia prevalent in Ballarat. During the past few days several of the State and private schools “ broke up ” for the poster holidays. Yesterday; the scholars at tending the' Central State school went into recess. After being dispersed a number of the youngsters assembled outside the school fence, when they commenced to “hurrah,” and throw their caps in the air. The lads, probably felt delighted at having received a lengthy holiday, as like all youthful scholars they are no doubt not over fond of close appli cation to study. “Good Friday buns, hot cross buns,” are what printers would term the "display lines” to be observed on handbills in soma pastrycooks’ windows, Lika the observ ance of Guy Fawkes’ Day, we fancy the custom of buying “ hot cross buns” on Good Friday morning is fast becoming obsolete. Some years ago it was no uncommon thing to see scores of lads in Melbourne on Good Friday mornings disposing of buns, but at the present day these delicacies can only be procured at the bakeries. Wo hear that, Mr. M’Kenzie, of Bridge street, is engaged in manufacturing a great number of “ hot cross, buns,” and we have no doubt that ho will, as usual, not forget to forward a few of the dainties to the deserving poor;. The residence of a Mr Cooper, on the Cres* wick road, was visited yesterday by the in spector of nuisances and the health officer, the result being that it was ascertained that there had been two cases of typhoid fever in the family. The two children who were prostrated with the disease are now, however, in a con valescent state. The premises were carefully inspected, but there was nothing .discovered which would tend to show that fever bad been fostered by defective drainage or other in sanitary conditions. We paid the Alfred Hall a visit last night for the purpose of ascertaining the progress that is being made with the preparations for Ye Olde Englishe Fayre. It afforded us much pleasure to observe that the arrangements are progressing very satisfac torily, and we are informed that by 12 o’clock today everything will be in perfect order. Tho flower stand and Maypole were completed last evening, and they added much to the attractiveness of the Fayre. The opening ceremony takes place this evening at 7 o’clock. A picnic in connection with St. John’s Presbyterian Mutual Improvement Association will take place at the Gong Gong on Good Friday. ’Buses will convoy the excursionists from the schoolroom, Peel street, at half-past 3 o'clock in tho morning, and a return will be made towards the evening. The committee have made arrangements for effective shelter in case of inclement weather interfering with outdoor amusement, so that intending picnickers need have no apprehension on the score of damp grass and wet feet. The tickets are 2s 6d each, including meals, and a cheap and enjoyable outing may be expected. " There was an excellent parade of the Ballarat Rangers last evening. Over 250 men, inclusive of tho Creswick and dunes con tingents, assembled. The muster reminded one very forcibly of tho days when the Ballarat volunteers were credited with being tho beat drilled men in the colony, and when, in doing the " march past" at reviews, they were loudly cheered. Tho large gathering last evening was, of course, due to the approach of the Faster encampment, and also to the fact of an official inspection having been announced to take place. This inspection was made by Major Sleep, assisted by one or two subordinate officers. When the Major had completed his examination he put the men through the manual and platoon exercise. At the conclusion of this drill he complimented the volunteers on the excellent order of their arms and accoutrements, and also on the soldierlike way in which they had executed the movements. Instructions were also given regarding i he arrangements to be made for the encampment to be held at Dandenong, in which tho Ballarat corps take part. Volunteers are requested to be at the Western railway station at 20 minutes past 6 o’clock to-morrow morning, for the purpose of proceeding to the camp. The following are the names of the officers who appeared on parade with Major Sleep last evening:—Captains Bolton, T. Mann, Saddler, White, Keatcb, M’Donald, Duff, and Surgeon Andrews. Constable Dowd, of the Ballarat East police, has been transferred to Melbourne. The vacancy has not yet been filled. Ballarat East has indeed been badly treated by tho police authorities. On last Sunday Mass was, tor the first time, celebrated in the church at Skipton, which has recently been purchased from the Wesleyan denomination. The Roman Catholics of the district and of Linton assembled at the church at 10 o'clock to witness the opening ceremony. It was expected that the Vicar-General of the diocese, the Very Rev. Dr Moore would conse crate the church and preach the opening sermon; but finding it impossible to attend, he appointed Father Corcoran to officiate. The debt on the church, £lOO, is (writes a corre spondent) paid, and great thanks are due to several gentlemen (non-Catholics) residing in tho district, who generously forwarded liberal donations to pay off toe debt. To- morrow, being Good Friday, divine ser vice will be held in St. Mark’s church, Brown Hill, in the morning; Sc. John’s, Warrenheip, in the afternoon; and in St. Luke’s, Pootilla, iu the evening. A meeting of the Buninyong Public Library Committee was held on 4th April, when there were paesent, Messrs Hedrick (in the chair), Williams, Harris, Kerr, and Higgane. The secretary reported that the accounts had been audited by Messrs Goode and Harris, and found correct; also, that an insurance policy to tho amount of £250 had been effected on the buildings and books of the institution; that Mr Harris had effectually repaired the outer buildings; that the usual statistical re turns had been forwarded to the Government, and application made for the grant. It was also stated that the. Exhibition Official Record had been received. The offer of Mr A. C. Davis for the Illustrated London News was accepted. Accounts amounting to £ll 6s 5d were passed for payment. The meeting then closed. Wo received tho following telegram from Mr David Ham, dated from Albany, Wednea day : —" The mail steamer, Shannon, Captain Murray, with 150 passengers on board arrived safely here to-day. Wo had a very enjoyable passage from Adelaide. There is every accom modation for tho comfort of the passengers. Wo leave hero at 1 o’clock to-day. The Ballarat passengers are enjoying themselves im mensely.” The unfortunate man Thomas Mahoney, who was admitted to the Hospital on the 7th of March from Warrenheip, where he had re ceived a serious cut upon his kuee, expired in that institution yesterday. Mahoney leaves a wife and nine children, only two of whom are in a position to support themselves- An iu quest will probably bo held to day. A sad case came before Messrs Little and Claxton, at tho City Court, yesterday, when a lad named Alfred James Brisco, aged 16, was charged with lunacy. When conversed with at the lock-up by tho magistrates ho seemed perfectly rational, but it appears that he is subject to fice,,duriug which ho is very violent and exhibits suicidal tendencies. These fits are very frequent, ho having sometimes as many as three day. They generally last from two to four hours. The sufferer waa com* milled to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. Drs Bradford and Bunco both stated that the boy was a fit subject for a lunatic asylum, and was unfit to be at large, but at the same time they expressed an opinion that with careful treat ment he might eventually recover. Wo have received from the studio of Mr Q. Willetts, photographer, of Bridge street, an excellent cabinet photo, of the Rev. John Lope, senior minister at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church, and a similar one of the Rav., J. W. Inglie, minister of St. John’s Fresbytemn Church, Ballarat East. The likeness in ' each instance is remarkably faithful, The photos reflect credit- on _ the artist, and they are produced in the latest and most approved style, mounted on raised’and enamelled cards. Mr Willetts informs us :tbat ho is sending a parcel of the cabinet photos of the Rev. John Cope to “Ye Olde Engliahe Fay re," where copies may bo purchased by those desirous of obtaining them. We are pleased to observe that our City firemen have been made arrangements with the Dramatic Company for a grand performance in aid of their annual damonstra tion fund, to take place on Wednesday, the 26th prox., in the Academy of Music, when we.have no doubt that an appreciative piiblio' will tender them that liberal patronage which they so well deserve. ' Our well- known follow-citizen, Mr J. J. .Fitzgerald, has' arrived at Albany after a splendid passage, which piece of information was contained in a telegram received in Bal larat yesterday. A letter was also despatched from Adelaide by Mr Fitzgerald,: stating that the’ Ballarat contingent of passengers bad endured all the pains of sea sickness with the exception of himself. Doubtless the effects have .worn off, as the telegram stated' that everyone was enjoying good health, : On Good Friday Evening n scientific and literary lecture- entertainment will be given in the Mechanics' Institute by Mr A. S, Hamilton, the phrenologist, and Agnes Sillars Hamilton. Mr Hamilton himself has devoted nearly half a century to thestudy of phrenology and kin dred subjects, and is quite an enthusiast in bis profession. He has been accustomed to the public platform as a lecturer for - the greater part of a long life, and the following testi mony to his ability is borne by the press:— The Qcelong Advertiser says:—“ Mr Hamilton's lecture'on the moral sentiments in connection with phrenology was one of the most powerful discourses that have ever been delivered in the hall qf the Mechanics’lnstitute of Geelong. Tbs audience, by their frequent applause, and still more by their occasional breathless and almost solemn silence of attention testified to the - interest with which they listened to Mr Hamilton's broken eloquence. It was -a sermon,' a rhapsody, occasionally almost a poem.” The Bendigo Advertiser , referring to Mr Hamilton, says:—“ It is certain that he possesses the skill that ia acquired by a man of observation and reflection during many years' phrenological experience. He gats beyond the catechism of bis subject, and shows its connection with actual life in all its interesting phases. And in reference to the ability of the lectutess, the following testimony from the Argus will no doubt be regarded as conclusive:—“Mrs AS. Hamilton delivered a lecture on parental love: socially, morally and psychologically considered, to a large audience in Glen’s Music hall. The sub ject was felicitously treated, the language choice and elegant, the poetical illustrations well chosen and appropriate, and the lecturer’s delivery easy and agreeable. Mrs Hamilton succeeded in bolding the attention of her audience from first to last, and expatiating on a delicate theme with true feminine delicacy of feeling.” We could take extracts from many other journals of high authority, all speaking in equally eulogistic terms of the professional abilities of Mr and Mrs Hamilton, but the Bal larat public will have an opportunity of judging for themselves on Good Friday even ing. The advance agent of Wilson’s Mammoth Circus yesterday selected as the site on which to pitch the tents, the northern portion of the vacant piece of ground known as the Eastern Market Beasrve. A commencement will be made to-day with levelling the land, and filling up the holes, and the surface of the ground will be covered with sawdust, &c.;, so that the visitors will not experience any discomfort even though the weather should prove moist. The entrance to the circus will bo from Bridge street, and a footway will be thrown over the gutter for the public convenience. The arrangements are on a moat extensive scale, and no expense will be spared, as is well known, to make things comfortable. Gas will be laid on all over the circus, while the entrance from Bridge street will also bo brilliantly illumi nated, Wo have been desired to state that there will be two performances on Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday only, and not, as stated yesterday, every day the show remains open. An important equity suit has (says the Mel bourne correspondent of the Creswiek Adver tiser) has been commenced. It appears that Mr Edward Wilsou, whose wholesome memory should bo long preserved iu this country, had, like most rich men, an inborn aversion to legacy duty. A portion of his property he settled on a Mr M'Rae, in London, and the remainder on a number of gentlemen well known in Melbourne, among whom Messrs James Gill, B. Murray Smith, J. Q. Evans, T. Sumner, A, Boas, G, Evans, and others equally well known are conspicuous. In 1875 he exe cuted a supplementary settlement, vesting in these as trustees another portion of his property upon trust, to pay themselves an income—which, in the case of the managing trustees, is some £3OO a year—for looking after his affaire, and distribute the residue of the annual incremeut among various churches. The nephews of Mr Wilson have now filed a bill, praying that the estate may bo adminis tered by direction of the Equity Court, and that the supplementary settlement be declared void, on the ground of the intestacy of the settler. If this suit is sustained our churches will suffer a serious depreciation, and the suit will therefore be watched with interest. We have received the current number of the A uslralasian Sketcher, which is as interesting ns usual. The “ Monster fish at the bow of the steamer Wakatipa,” “A hot corner,” the " Phoenix Company’s Foundry, Ballarat,” ” Scenes from ‘ Youth’ at the Theatre Royal,” and ” The Victorian Naval Reserve,” are among the best of the illustrations. In the scene at sea a portion of the monster fish is represented as pressing against tho bow of the vessel, while the sailors are getting ready to try to secure the monstrosity. “A hot corner,” is a fearful sketch of a spot into which a mob of horses have been driven by a bushfire, their progress being arrested by a post and rail' fence, and tho flames bursting up around them. The picture of the Phoenix Foundry works ia quite realistic, and pour trays in an admirable manner a variety of operations in progress in the interior of the establishment. There are several other good engravings in the number, the “ Bicycle race meeting ” supplying a racy sketch in the hum ourous line. 