\- A most important statement was nude by Mr Gladstone in the House of Commons on 0th February. The Premier almost admitted thai tbe Ministry was favorable to granting local and county autonomy to Ireland. The statements made on Saturday by our Iower-iiown contemporary with reference to Mr Berry, Major Smith, and MrC. E. Jones, contain not one word of truth, the whole being neither more nor less than a complete and malieious invention. A telegram was received in BalUtyt announcing that Mr Jones will commence a series of Leecnree in Ballarat this day week. The woman Sarah Ah Kew, who charged with having neglected to obtain medical assistance for her infant, which died the other day, was brought before Mr Anderson, J.P., on Saturday, and remanded till Thursday next. The following letter has been received by the mayor of the city (Mr J. Noble Wilson) ya^ye Hun. Francis Ormopd, M.L.C., Sir,—!' have just read the last annual report of die Ballarat School of Mines, and am pleased to find that the institution is designed to cover educational ground of so needful and useful a character. Remembering with pleasure my visit with you to the school, and thoroughly appreciating the importance and value of such a link in tbe educational chain, I here enclose my cheque for £50 in augmentation .of the funds of the institution. Taking my standard from like institutions in Europe, I consider the Bal- c larat School of Mines to be excellently' managed, and admirably adapted to serve its purpose. Tes, the school, with its man' apfuiances for scientific instroctiott, its wei •Ranged and conveniently - fitted laboratories, chemical and metallurgical, is surely destined to do a great and beneficial work; and the surprise to me is thatBO few, comparatively, avail themselves of the many and singularly important advantages which the ipitxtntion offers for the study of thnse'snbjects so instructive and valuable to miners, manufacturers, agriculturists, and indeed the whole community—subjects, a knowledge of which must tend to the fuller development of the industries of the town and district.— Touts, fce., F&ANCIB; OBMOKD. Toorak, 9th February." The proceedings of the County Court will be of more interest than usual to-day on account of the hearing cd an action tor libel brought against the proprietor* ot this journal because of a letter published in the open oolumn ot The Conner, some three weeks ago. The plaintiff .is Mr Hughes, of Sebastopol, aud the case will be tried before • jury. A deputation, consisting of two members of the borough council, one of tbe members of the Mining Board, also from Buninyooeahire, irith the members f or Grenville, wul wait on tbe Minister of Mines on Tuesday with a petition, signed by the miners, Ac., pf the tfuninyong division, to get a sum of: money to clean Out the Government reservoir. The whole of the claims ou the Hard Hills are now nearly stopped for want of water to crush with; so that if no rain falls shortly the whole of tin men will be out of work. Watson V Deaoa, and several of the claims are unable to proceed on tins account. A dairyman named Hy. Q. Baikss, who lives at Winter's Flat, was rushed by a bull on Saturday, and the animal inflicted a ray severe wooiid in his right arm. One horn of the beast entered his arm just below the elbow, and made it deep, jagged wound in it. He was taken to the Hospital, where'his wound was dressed. Whilst the engine which was about to be attached to the Creawiok train st tie Western station, on Saturday night, was bring.minted into Bosition it ran off the raila at fee points pear the Anwitmng street brid£fe. ltai^e. Ana •ome'SiffidaltyHt wau^ bow> efei " jjaoed on tSa ifuls a& right. Ibe Crecwick train was delayed in oonaequecoe about twenty minutes. " TbeCounty Coittt^sitiSi^ for this_ month Honor Judge mdedjcansessnd of the3nfen>dfifl oauata vrera . the court, at its riang; adjourned till dms am. to-day. The jury cases will be taken firat, and it is y-mMftrd will last out the Whole day. The Court of Mines and the Court of Insolvency were formally opened, and adjourned till to-day. Diphtheria has made its appearance in Ballarst East, in HuxnEEray gfreet north. A littie girl died of this rtisnasr, in the locaility on Saturday. thanpi , Am yeais, of Mr Cornel], eEeanst, oa Briday last, by the upsetting of aome joup on the little fellows braut. Thoagh the aocidmt was at first oonmdered a rawer aoious *xx> he has auqa been reeovMaigastsstasootiMbeeTpnrted, A young man named Joseph tang, who met witL aome inteocstisg ad ventorea on Friday last in Ballarat East, was dischaiged by l tbeTown beach oaBatwday.asthe — " neat brought upon tnmsdf faybisf _ couidered quite sufficient. It appear* that Lang arrived in town on Friday morning iritb tiie inhaitiaatnskim a pmehMe,lurt be nnfbrtunately gravitated eastward, until he found himself a great favorite with same «f ^be 1sir sex instreet. JfffiBbm*. short period a constable listened to a nttintive wl of bis, to tin effect tint lie had lest considerably throu^i bis acquaintanoeship 1882. with the beton^atentaomS 'laiaies. Be was taken back again to iBactify bis former £rienda,-bnt ho was so mix^d that matters were flowed to stand aa they were. Oa tbe sAxpe day. the young man was riding a horse when he fell oft thonrii he did not receira »ay injuries.-* Tbe pouce ag^in met him, and this time accommodated min with lodgings at the lock-op, whence his troubles ended. The charge laid against him was that of ceing dniiik nliilc in charge of a hone. For some time past the windows of Christ Church Bclioolroom have periodically undergone bombardment, vita the result- that nnmeroi^s paneawereamaahed' The brea-kage was attribuUd to some boys, of course; but the " * * "" upon more windows. He took steps which eventuate in the culprits getting a lesson they >t-ill not forget. A woman named Reaping, wbo lives at Ballarat East, sustained a slight flesh wound in a singular manner on Saturday. £he was carrying a wasbhand-basin before her, when tripping; she fell forward to the ground, smashing the basin, a portion of which then cut through her dress and inflicted a psinful, though fortunately not severe, wound in ber breast. She went to the Hospital,' where her injury was attended to/ and she was afterwards able to go to her home. Some time ago the members of the legal fraternity resideutand practising in this aty petitioned the Government to have a County Court judge appointed to the district, who should re&ide; in or near Ballarat, and pointing out that since the retirement of Judge Sogers practitioners and suitors here were often put to a great deal of inconvenience^ and sometimes loss, that it was demrahte'to avoid. Very little notice was taken of the petition, and no w the barristers and solicitors of Ballarat "are atirring "in the matter ag&m.; Further, the practitioners intend to ask that better arrangements as to the holding of courts than have been made of late might be effected. It must certainly be said that the barristen and solicitors have been very long suffering; for for some time past they have been frequently inconvenienced by. the manner in which tbe holding of courts baa been arranged. It is to be hoped that the movement now being made' may result _ in the local requirements in the matter feeing met. On Friday night last, er rather early on Saturday morning, the people residing in the main street of Smytheadale were treated to a charming serenade by a gentleman who was passing through, and who proved himself to be a really skilful performer on the cornopean. As the prasic broke the stillness of-Jhe' calm snntiner sight, dajnT and windosra -were thrown opea to admit tbe " note of linked sweetnen long drawn out," and soon tbe player had a numerous audience, most of them beinc in bill evening,"or rather night costume. The musician played a number of f""il'»r airs in a style that made his hearers bless the stmt sounds that had interrupted their slumbers; and if he will only consent to appear at some local concert, to be announced just aa " the man who played tbe cornet," he will be sure of a hearty welcome from an audience that will be very glad to hear him make melody once more. Mr Marks, of Snake Valley, met with a nasty accident while working at bis battery on Bottle Hill, on Friday last, by getting his left hand badly crushed by one of the cams. Mr Marks went over to Smythesdale, where Or Jordan attended to nie injuries, which, fortunately, were notBO severe as to make amputation of the hand necessary, and he is now slowly getting better. The bush-fire that commenced in Mr Bird's paddock, on the Scarsdale and Linton road early last week, is still burning, and seems to spring np afresh each day, as the heat of day comes on. Mr Bird is sure that the fire was purposely started by someone, but unfortunately it is very difficult to catch anybody in the act of setting the bush on fire, but if there was any chance of convicting the offenders, they deserve severe punishment. Notwithstanding that the weather was so oppressive yesterday, it had very little effect in causing a small attendance at the lake and gardens, for both places were largely patronised. One of the most handsome church windows in the district has just been erected at St Stephen's Stephen* Anglican „ Church, Clayton . street. Ballarat East. The window was the gift of the members of the Guild of St Augustine, obtained through the influence and solicitation of tbe Bev. Mr Tnuimar, the pastor of St Stephen's. The design is a very handsome one, somewhat original in style, and contains twenty-three different Scenes in the life of Christ It was produced by what is known as_ the French^ vibiemanie process. The window is ceriainly a credit to the workmanship of Mr Stanslield, of Sturt street, took great pains in making it perfect, in this he has succeeded. St Stephen's Church has been very much improved in appearance, by tbe window, both inwardly ana outwardly. The same church also recently received another gift in the shape of a handsome hanging for the pulpit from Mis Thornton, of Bishopecourt. A girl named Mary Borridge, who had been employed as aservant by MrH. M'Minemin. at - Staffordshire Retf, waa arrested on Friday list by Mounted -constable Alien on a charge of stealing goods and money out of her employer's shop. She was brought before Messrs John Lynch and T. F. Jordan, J.P., at Smythesdale, on Saturday, when Mr Hockley, who appeared for her, plesded guilty. Mrs M'Mincmin stated that she did not wish to press the charge; but the bench sentenced the girl to two months' imprisonment in the Sillaat gaol. Last Saturday Messrs B. Tbnbridge and Co. submitted to publiu competition the Blowbard hotel and 8 acres of land and blacksmith's shop, adjoining it. The hetel was knocked down to Mr Enoch for £640, and the land to Mr Dugan for £155. A concert and ball.(the fourth 6f a series Jven bj the.Bungaree Board of Advioe) was held last Thursday, at State Sohool No, 757, Mount Bswan. Mr Ot Skoglund, eorrtndent of the board of advice, occupied the in The whole arrangements in connection with the concert and ball were carriei through in a m-jst satisfactory manner. Much credit is due to Mr Bbur and his talented daughters for the trouble they took to make the series of concerts a success. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in the entertainment, and acquitted themselves to the delight of the audinnee :—The Misses Blair, Miss Skoglund; Messrs Blair. Borrows, Cherry, Feltham, Cribble, Duncan,' Qninn. Mr BicharJson accompanied with his usual ability. Mr Citibanks exhibited bis London views to the scholars and friends of the Brown HOI State achoolog,fiatarday. and they moved to be the of giving them a two boors' instructive and enjoyable treat. The head teacher, Mr Potter, hong present, gave a few explanatory remarks upon the aoenes from London, as he has spent his early days there. A stock exchange has just-bean.started in Hobart under Sis title of "The JFIobart Stock Exchange.' .It' :h&* jlceady. a good number of members.' One of the -rule* compels every member to give securitvfor £50 that be wifl be faithful and hoirastin Ids ttansaetieiua. Ibe following is the notice-paper for the meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee on Tuesday evening:—!'. House committee's report. 2\. Beport qf .subHXHntmttes oa ths admission of one child named Bowlands; referred to Messrs Macaw and Wreford. ,3. General business. 4. Fresh applications. He Bev. M. S. A Looney, B.A., Ac., _ readied yeterday iu the Alfred Hallfas usual, in the roorning at eleven, evening at seven; subjeot, " Papal Education." A number of letters are unavoidably bdd over until to-morrow. Of the 839 Benevolent {Marco. relieved mt tin 9*Uarsft last week, 268 « During the past week 142 in-door and 63S oat- door patients were Heated at tbe Ho*. pitaL ...r^ " It is officially stated {says the Afpitt) Oft the Commissioner of Oustoms has information to justify him in beH< be will ultimatdy be able to secun neariy all the contraband goods la tiie oolony, with the exwytian of w<* aa have been distribatad in tiie rat interior. The officera mfdhriatsf lane quantities whicfc have been asot fitas Metboume' up-eoontryj aod -when the pected sasures are twule, it is Addghttbat h wealthy Chinese merchant in Mdb5urnew hefoondtobe impUcated. Tbebody of the unfortunate young FrwhridT'Artnstead, wbo Wu ^mnea toaAtt.fbarfS.it of a boat inOano Say irf'£«&^ «u*siiig iast, ms (says the Geetoiw AdvaHter) on^daymanin£ about half-oast nine o'clock, on shore atCowie's miles from Gedoi hvUi * .. father. . , -iVTVT A «ait • • t belonging to a Mr -—• - L . , Geelong, was procured .and tfcebody moved in -it, by Constable Ship inn, Geelong, where it now IMS. Me face of the decW» Scr^ed^ u posed by having been washed raks, but. beyond this, there isnoditfgureinentof the body. i •Bishop Crane, of "Sandhurst, leaves Isays the Bnkitg Jf«B) forBotne by the next mad ateamer. An address mod * <« "00 sovereigns are to be presented hf the derey and laity Of the dioeese. It isnot generally known that every Boman Cathobc prdate is bound to proceed to Borne at kait onoe every fi veyears, and repent to the Pope the progress of the chuich in his diqeeso. One of the last acts in the drama of 1879, when the bank at L»nce6eld was stock np and one ol the robbers, named Sumu^ Lowe, departed this life. Lowe, who was only forty-four years of age, arrival in tin colony by the ship Sea Lark from England, ind in September, 1879, he was sentenced to thirteen years' imprisonment, for robbery in company, and for jm attempt to do bodily barm. After being confined in Pentndge until the Slat December of last year, he was brought to the Geelong gaol, to recruit bis fast-faihng health. He was then in the last stage of pulmonary consumption, from which disease be died, as already stated." A magisterial enquiry was held on Friday afternoon at the gaol by Mr Pardey, J.P., and a verdict to that effect was returned. A swsgsman (says the Age) committed suicide on Frid*y afternoon at thB sherpwasb dam on Messrs Fanning and Nankiveil's station, near Charlton, by hanging himself from the scaffolding of a pump witl: astrip of calico. It appears that he had been sleeping in the vicinity two or three nights, and was seen in town during Friday morning. In bis pocket -was fraud a piece of handbill, on tbe back of which was written in lead pencil tbe name of Thomas Fox, and itials H.T.O., 52, Devil's Creek. A waggon, loaded with goods for Ballan and Blackwood, caught fire (says the Argus) on Thursday evening near Keilor road, and the driver, not being near water, could only save his horses. The damage is estimated at £300. Matches in the loading are supposed to have caused the fire, to which the attention of the driver (John WillianiB) was attracted by the bsriung of bis dog. An officer of the Education Department, Mr. Francis Beading, has been tola off (says, Che Age) to act as axsista£t aecretaiy to the Education Commission. Mr BoHoo/foatmaater-Gencra] (says, the Tdtgrajih}, promised Messrs Cooper and Wheeler, M.L.A.. on Thursday, that if there were funds available, he would consider die desirability of extending the telegrapb line fromSmeaton to Daylesfotd. Rain continues in all parts Queensland, and in some places (adds tbe Argun) very heavily. Messrs Cobb and Co,'s manager reports that floods are numerous in some places, and that the coach traffic is almost entirely stopped. In the country around Belyando hiver6 iucbes of rain fell in twenty- four hours. It is stated (says the Banking Record) that the Federal Bank of Australia, Limited, has made arrangements by which it acquires on favorable terms the assets and business of the Sydney and Comity Bank at Sydney. By this step a good footing is secured in the sister capital, and it is believed that the introduction of building society business, which has not been much developed there, will, under Mr MunroV guidance, be a valuable adjnuct to the bank. \- A water famine (says the Herald) exists oh Vorke's Peninsula, South Australia. The residents have to pay £2 per week for water, which has to be carted many miles. A telegram from Sydney (says the ITorW) announccstbedeath of James Candtish, atone time champion rowistof England. His Honor Mr Justice Williams Xsays the Herald) will preside this month at the Assize Courts at Geelong, BJlarat, and Hamilton. The Oanpcrdown Chronicle says that the Land Office in Camperdown is to be sbolished, and tbe business in future transacted in Geelong. Mr William Hoskins, the celebrated comedian, is announced to appear this 3dnc,~m con- junotion witK Mr W. J. Hohoway, Miss Annie Mayor, and the dramatic company that iccentiy ao successfully supported Mr J. Dswhorst Always careful ui their selection of "stars," the management have made a wise choice in Mr Hoskins, as bis line of business is witty, sparkling, aad entirely devoid of anything objectionable, even to the most fastidious. To-night Mr Hoskins appears as Dr Pangloss, ia Coleman's comedy, "The Heir at Law," in which character he has gained for himself a worldwide reputation, while the other pieces announce! for the week are all gems which, with such able support as the present company can offer, cannot fail to attract Urge and fashionable andienoes. We are requested by -the agent to mention that dress circle subscription tickets, ten for £1, may be obtained on application. The annual meeting of the Protestant Mutual Benefit Society will be held at tbe Buck's Head hotel to-morrow (Tuesday) evening, at eight o'clock. Tbe members of the SebastopoC Skipton street, and BJlmt branches are requested to attend. Tbe half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Gaa Company will be held at the office, Grenville street, on Monday, the 27th inatant, at half-past seven, to receive the halfyearly report ct tbe directors, the balancesheet and financial statement of the attain oS the company np to the 31st January, to elect three directors in place of Messrs B. Lewis and D. Cameron, and Dr Hudson, who are eligible for re- electian, and to elect an auditor iu the room of MrC Eyres, who is also eligihle for re-election. The Bev. F. W. Bourne will lecture iu the Wealeyau Cburch, Lydiard street, this evening, "Billy Bray' bung the aabjoct. A purple meeting of the L.OX. win. be held this evening at eight o'clock, when initiations will take flaoe. We are requeated to draw attention to an advertisement in another oolumn announcing tint the bones, buggies, and saddlery at Bishopscourt are for private sale,' and that they may be inspected before half-past ten this and to-morrow rooming. 33ie Congregational Mutual Improvement Association meetings will be resumed tins "• i at right o'clock, grben membeia and esirous of Joining are expected to be present. - '. • 