Tue LATE FIRE IN AUUoIN.8TnRET.-An inquest was hold yesterday afternoon at the Robert Burns Hotel before Mr. Botts, coroner, touching the causo of the lato fire on the promises occupied by Messrs. Bushman and Koeney. The following witnesses wero examined :-Daniel KEilor, Alexander Bushman, William Barry, J. J. Roberts, William Clark, G. E. A. Kennoy, John Maxfield, Robert Waters, Tommy Milford, Robert Turner, and Charles Dickey. There was no fresh light thrown on the case, and after a deliberation of about toen minutes the jury returned a verdict " that the promises wore destroyed by fire on Friday night, 27th January, but that there was no evidence to show how the fire originated." WesLErTN.-The Rev. F. Tait proceeds to Eng. land, and has been appointed to make the selection of twelve young ministers for Noew South Wales and Queensland. The Rev. R. Boellors of Queensland is appointed to the Goulburn circuit for the three years commencing in April. The Rov. R. Dyson to be second minister. LEarunc.-On Tuesday evening the Rev. D. F. Barry O.S.B., lectured in the hall of the moobhanics' institute before a large and appreciative audience. The subject was-Ireland's Greatest Orator, Curran. The proceeds are to be devoted to the funds for building St. Benedict's College in Inverness, Scot land. The chair was occupied by the mayor, Mr. James Clifford, who in a few words introduced the lecturer. The rev. lecturer in an address occupying an hour and a half gave the history of Curran's life, reciting numerous anecdotes of his genius, wit, and humour, and giving particulars of several duels in which he was engaged. The audience frequently testified by applause their appreciation of the lecturer's address. At the conclusion of the lecture the Rev. Mr. Barry spoke of the work on behalf of which he was engaged in lecturing. He hoped that in a few years young men would be sent from St. Benedict's College in Inverness, Scotland, to preach to the people of the Australian colonies. He thanked tho audience for their attendance, and then proposed a vote of thanks to the mayor for his kindness in presiding, he having given up a previous engage mont in order to be present at the lecture. The vote having been carried by acclamation, the mayor replied and then moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was heartily responded to. SMI. WVILLIAMt BUTLER, of the firm of Butler Brothers, tailors of this city, will leave the colony in the Orient steamer Liguria on the 17th instant on a visit to England, for the purpose chiefly of making arrangements for direct importation of woollons. Mr. Butler will be absent about six months, and will return by way of America. PRELIMINARY NOTIFICATION OF PARISn ROAD. Notice has been given of the intention to open the undermentioned parish roads:-Road from a re served road at the south-west corner of P. Dooloy's C.P. of 50 acres, No. 72, to the main road from Crookwell to Goulburn, within C.Driver's 1920 acres parish of Pejar, county of Argyle.-Road from a re. served road within James Duffy's 200 acres C.P. por tion No. 117, parish of Taomas, county of Cowley, to the road from Woolgarlo towards Yase, at the site for public school, parish of Warroo, county of IMurray. TuHE HI?ITArn FOncEs OF THE CoLONY.--Oolonel Richardson having obtained leave of absence, the commaud of the military forces of the colony devolves upon Colonel Roberts, commanding the artillery forces, he being the officer next in seniority to Colonel Richardson. DARLINoTON PoINT.-Constablo John Sheehy has beeoon appointed acting clerk of petty-sessions at Darlington PFeint, from the let instant. POLICE-fMAGISTRATE, GONDeasA.-William Love Esq., police-magistrate at Gundagai, has been em powered to exorcise at Gundagai and Cootamundra, within the police district of Gundagai, the special powers authorised to be given to police-magistrates by the 2nd clause of the Clerks of Poetty-Sessions Act of 1857, for a further period of two years. THE LATE ACCIDENT ON THE RAILWAY-LINE.-- We have received the following information from the Binalong police-station with reference to Charles Cole, who was accidentally killed on the railway-line at Galong, on the 25th instant:-" Cole was con siderably under the influence of drink when he got into the train at Binalong, When he got out of the train at Galong he was very drunk. A young man named Arthur Gavan, and some females were at the platform at Galong at the time; they went away leaving Cole there, and that appears to be the last time ho was seen until the accident happened. There is no person in charge of the platform at Galong."-Yass Courier. SnioINea OCOURRENCE AT CANTERBURy, N. Z. Wellington, Tuesday--The wife and six children of Mr. Henry Simpson, a farmer residing near Eyroton, Canterbury, were burned to death in a farmhouse. No particulars are yet to hand as to how the fire ;originated.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. Reports of disastrous bush-fires on Monday have come in from all parts of Victoria. The loss to . farmers will be enormous in the Kynoton, Daylesford, and ýamieson districts.. Several townships wors in imnlmnont danger. A telegram to the Evening News states that a do. structive fire occurred at Dwyer's farm, near Camp. boll's River, Bathurst district, on Saturday night. The whole of his farming implements, stacks of hay, and 3000 bushels of wheat were destroyed. The estimated loss is £000, which is uninsured. A terrible case of infanticide is reported from Too. lantra, near Shepparton, Victoria. Besides a num ber of stabs on the body of the child, a branch was found thrust down its mouth, apparently to stop its screams. The supposed murderer is a young girl of decent repute. She has been arrested. Portion of the premises ocncupied by Messrs. Kruse and Evans, as a marine store, in Collingwood, togs. ther with four houses, was destroyed by fire on Monday morning. The damage, which amounts to £300, is covered by insurance in the Noew Zealand Company. The jury on the inquest respecting the recent burning of the railway refreshment rooms at Junes have returned a verdict to the effect that the pro mises were set on fire by a spark from a stove fall ing on a canvas tarpaulin which was lying between the stove and the telegraph.office. The prizes in connexion with thbo Bathurst Juvenile Industrial Exibition were presentad on Tuesday by Sir Alfred Stephen. All the Bathurst prize-takers were present, and those who were not in attendance will have their medals and certificates forwarded to them. T?s GooLounN BOOT PALACE.-Never before in the history of Goulburn have Boots and Shoes been purchased so cheaply as at present. In consequence of the reduced prices adopted by the Proprietor of the above Establishment, every householder in Town and Country, and visitors generally, can save their expenses over and over again by purchasing at the Goulburn Boot Palace. As overy requisito in the trade is kept, and Boots and Shoes to suit all classes, no person should neglect to call upon W. T. Wood, at the Goulburn Boot Palate.-ADVT. 8?58 