"WHETHDB or not there existed, any real necessity for the IŁoyal Commission now engaged in prosecuting enquiries into tbe operation and effect of the Tariff in force in this colony, is a question about which it will be extremely difficult, if not absolutely impossible, to bring about a concensus of public opinion. There can be little doubt, twverer, that various items of information of importance to tbe in. terests of the colon f will be elicited, and if the members of the Commission really take an interest ia ihsir work, tho result of these enquiries will doubtless be to modify to ati appreciable extent long cherished views. If this end be attained, the education which, the public mtud receives, will lead to to the conviction that the appointment of the Tariff Commission has uot been in vain, even should legislation not follow ou the rendering of the report. In many quarters the _ _ _ appointment . . of . . . this CominiEsiOQ was regarded as the key-note to tbe war- & J _ cry Protection versus Freetrade, but judging from what has already l;een done, and the manner m which it has been accomplished, there would seem to be no reason for euch expectation The battles fought ou the Platform, in tbe Press, and in the Legislative arena in the days gone by are not likely ever again to be revived. Neither is it advisable or desirable that the strife should be renewed. Common sense indisputably proves that the application or eitreme ideas is wholly impracticable, while to be continually revolutionising 'and placing minufactuie and commerce at the mercy of any body o£ politicians, uo matter what views they may hold, 6imply means the ultimate crippling of both. Under tbe moderately protective tarilf now in operation, large industries have been built up, aod in. terests formed iu whieh many thousands of pouijds have been invested for tbe nurpose of developing the resources of the country, aui affording employmeut for the rising generation of the colony. These investments have been ell made iu good faith, and it is only reasonable to ecprct that vested interests shall be protected, ęt least to the extent of the guarantee under which they have been made. Many of the manufacturing interests of the colony go insepar. ablr hand in hand with pastoral and agricultural pursuits, and męy be either assisted or retarded ia the pror cess of developament, by the healtbyor unhealthy condition of the latter. One such is the Leather trade, and through that die manufacture of boots and shoes. Aa is generally well known, the principal material atiUsćd by the tanner is th9 b&rk; of the mimosa, or wattle tree., which is indigenous to tie colony. Some seven years ago the best sample of ground bark wąs quoted at rates ruling between £8 and £9, but eince that time it has risen in Faille jvith most extraordinary rapidity until it now brings in tue London market, prices varying between £10, and £13, and the value obtainable in outside markets is held by tiiany to affect local quotations. I'he higher the tanner's expenses, tbe more «?pensive will the leather produced be. and as a mere matter of consequence the price of boots and shoes will , be proportionally enhanced. Consumers, however, are desirous of obtaining all their requirements at the lowest po«- is only reasonable, when it is borne iu mind that the rate of wages seldom iucreases proportionally with that of the article manufactured- If tbe increased quotations for wattle bark in its sevoral f irms proceed from the drain on the colony's resources, then one of two things must be done. Either such a prohibitive export dutf must bo imposed that it will render it unprofitable to send it out of the colony, or an effort must be made so greatly to augment the source of production that neither our manufactures shall suffer, nor the trade in tbe commodity be interfered with. It is scarcely probable, however, that the requirements of foreign manufacturers impose such a strain on tbe local market as that complained of. There are thousands of acres of laud which are Droducine at the preseut time more than would suffice for actual present colonial requirements, but the localities referred to are so difficult ofaccessand the means of transport so cosily, tbat here is one very plausible reason for the'i ncrease in the price of material. Again tbe same reason which will account for the almost total absenca of timber where formerly luxuriant forests flourished, will account- for the comparative dearth of the wattle bark. Where the trees have been ruthlessly destroyed there h*6 been no provision made for the productiou of a new crop, by sowing seed, which in due course of time would produce a crop of seedlings, which in their turn, at the expiration of three years at least, be in a fit state for stripping. The late Government, convinced of the necessity of fostering the pursuit of wattle growing, began planting the waste land of the railway reserves in the vicinity of Melbournu, but after a time that was left in abeyance. It appears that wattle—growing can be profitably undertaken by private landowners provided the area at command be sufficiently extensive, and by encouraging private enterprise in this direction the (Government will conftr a boon on both the manufacturing and commercial communities- Mr J. Rogers J P, attended at the Police Court yeBterdiV morning, and fined Thomas Doweett in the tum o- 3a 6d tor having been drank and disorJtrly. The fine "as paid. The annual general meeting of the Kyneton Gymnastic C ub, will bo held this evening at the Gymnasium. The hour na aed is 7.30. In consequence of the volunteer enoampmciit being held at Easttr, it IB notified that the volunteer sports previously arranged to be held at Woodeni on Easter M-mday, have been postponed till May 24th, Queen's Birthday. At the Poiioe Conrt on Saturday A'fred Osborne wes brought before Sir Blencowe J'. P. on a charge of having stolen four bags of wheat, the property uf Mr J. Campbell of Trio, Sergeant Manson appliod for a remand, and the hearing of the case was postponed till this morn* icg. A cat in ihe possession of Mr Łenfee, ra ident in Footsoray lately gave bl<th to a monstro:i<y in the shape ot a kitten with aeven legs. Four were in front, and three behind. The animal.did not life, and hsg bern preserved in spirits. Following in tbe wake of several of the other British colonies, the Canadian Huuae of Oommnns has passed a bit! legalising marriage wiih a deceased wife's sistct, Tiie butter sent home bv the Enropa, whieh eold at lOfd pet lb, would have realised 2s per lb retail in Sydney cn the same date. The report oi the boaid to enquire into the charges preferred against Sir A. R. Wallis, secretary of thę Dspartraeut of Agriculture, by the Hon. Mr Young, has been handed in. The finding is that the chrrges are unsustaiaed. and that Mr Wallis did not give private instructions to tbe board acting under the Vioes Diseases Act as to the amount of compensation to be allowed, but that so far as tbe words go he didroporr. untruthfully reptr in the matter to the Minister, It is, however, added that Mr Wall's's statement to the Minister was so utterly inconsistent with the facta so mauifes'Iy to his interest to convey, that it may "reasonably be assumed he was not conscious of the words he had used, or tbe interpretation tbev bore, and that such denial was given with no untruthful intent. The board have to comment severely on the curt and improper tone of Mr Wallis's reply to the minute of the Minister, dated the 10:h of February, wherein he was in effect invited to explain the action he tras said to have taken in the matter at issue. The board are not unanimous, for Mr Templeton holds that Mr Wallis did without authority give instructions as to the amount of corn? pensation to be awarded. The repnrt was considered at a meeting of the Cabinet on Friday, and the Government determined upon dispensing with the services of Mr Wallis, and npnn abolishing the office of sesretajy of Agriculture alter ge'her. In view of all the circqinstances of the case, Mr Wallis is to he allowed to receive one month's pay for each year of service. The duties formerly discharged by tbe Secretary of Agriculture will be entrusted to the chief clerk, Mc David Martin, The Dmly Telegraph has bssn given to understand th it tiie J»te tour of Ihe English Bl"ven tbr <uglioiit the Australian ciloni6s and Zealand has proved s fioancial, as wrl! as a cricketing sncoese, the gross amount., taken from ail sources, being in close proximity to JE13.0W). The pr^nyitern, Messrs SUa*, Shrewsbury, nad Lilly white, pay fie remaining nine professionals £200 each, nod allowing £5090 for the expenses nf tba trip, this would loave the very handsome" sum, io ronnd Ejumbers, of £6000 to bo divided betereep the three aboveuamed. The rjeatb of Mr Charles Kernot, one of the representatives for (jaelong, ie announced as hdving taken place at 10 o'clock on Sunday morning. The deceased gentleman had been long resident in Geel.ing, wberj he w«s formerly in business, from rehichlinhadretirel. Hewasretorned as one of the Parliaments representatives -of the town on ' more thail' one occasion, and was a moderate Liberal in politics. Qf the numerous bushfires in the various parts f^past, one of the i m >at extensive was that which broke out on Thursday between the Goljbań railway bridge and tbe Lyonrille station. As the train passed through, the heat was intense, as it was in the evening on the jretnrn journey.. At middny of Friday a strong Do;$h wind drove it through the township and ever £he ranges towards tbe state echonlj which was in great danger, on to Mr J.' Lyon's tramway, three-juarieM of a mile of which was burnt, Mr Lyon'amen were oat until]! o'clock on Hjwsfof night disconnecting the line In several places, the heat and smoke being apffocating, About a mile I A v.Ty cudd n deacli occur- -d o > Sunr day afternoon the deceased being John Poekneey, foreman ot Mr Murray's bakery in Highstreet It isreported thaton Saturday afternoon on going home he complained of feeling ill and statedtbathehad had a fisrht, or row with one of the other employees. During the night and on Sunday morning Poekneey again complained, and about 10 o'clock a.m. Dr Pestell was called in. He then appeared t > be Buffering from abdominal inflammation, but nothing serioUB nas anticipated. However Dr Pasteli consulted Dr Dnncan who visited Pockney about 2.30 p.m. and both gentlemen applied the usual treatment, and left him. On returning however they discovered that the unfortunate nian had died nt half past four o'clock. Under the circumstances Dr Pestell declined to give a certificate, and the case beiop reported to the police, tbe Coroner, Mr J. G. Taylor, held an inquest on the body, at the Junction Hotel, yesterday afternoon. Tbe jury brought in a verdict in acordanc? wilh tbe medical evidence, and to the effect tbat the deceased died from peritonitis aBsociatsd with enteritis. Two additional applications have been mado for loans, and the formation of trusts under the Wafer Conservation Act. St Arnaud has sent in an amended application. now applying for £20.000 instead of £15,000. The council of the shire <-f Bacchus Marsli have applied for £10,000 and the right to form a trust. - Measures will be taken to give effect to these applications. Some juveniles, thoughtless perhaps, but still on mischief bent nearly succeeded io creating a blaze on Saturday evening last. They gathered a heap of grass in Mr Bobbins' allotment in Buyntr.n street and set fire to it, the flames speedily communicating with the paling fence which is old and dry. Fortunately the flames were discovered before they obtained a hold of the fence, and were speedily quenched. We learn that the oooviction of Mrs R. P. HaU, of Hanging Bock Hotel, for ply-grog selling, has, upon appeal to ihe Supreme Court, been quashed, nn the ground that at the time if the conviction she was not licensed. This seems u mysterious decision, as had Mrs Hall been duly licensed she never could have been convicted of the offence named. Mr 0. J. Rowe, late secretary of the Shire nf Newham, wi«s last night entertained at a banquet, given by the members of the Xe<vh«mBliira Council and a numerous company of friends. A very handsome illuminated testimonial was presented to him by the Council, after which the usoal loj al toasts were duly honored, and then the health of the guest of the evening, ptopoeed by Mr John Savaee, the President of the Shire; was drunk in bumpers, Mr Savage was in the chair, and Mr H. D. M'KenEio oocupied the vice-chair, aud about fifty gentlemen were present. A full report is held over till next issue. The identity of the man Fiannagan, missing from Woodend, with the hea-dlese trunk found io the vicinity of the Deep Lead, Stawell, is not likely to be established. Fiannagan has an account at the Commeiciai Bank, Woodend, and a cheque as late as the 13th inst. came to hand through that iostitption, drawn by him in favor of a Mrs Mooring, of Deniliquin, From this it is patent that Fiannagan must taen hare been alive, or the cheque must have beta a furgery, On Friday last on the Oampaepe abont five cniies from Woodend, the carelessness of a farmer jeopardised the property of bi6 neighbours. He was burning off some timber and through not taking proper precautiocft, the fire communicated with the farms of Messrs Jafon Hunter, Jahn Tyrell and O'Grady. Some fencing was destroyed, also a considerable quantity of grass, but here happily the damage ceased, Mr Hunter contemplates legal procaedingEi At the inquest on the body of John Pookueey who expired suddenly on Sunday afternoon, the Coroner, Mr J. G. Taylor, gave a witness named James Foley a lesson which he is not likely to forget in a hurry. Foley grossly prevaricated when giving his evidence end was so offensive in his demeanour, b< th to Mr Taylor and the police that the coroner, who bure with him most patiently at last committed him to gaol for a period of 48 hours. Foley was at once remored but 6eemed rather taken aback at the result of his impudence. The fire reported from Eist Trenthim we are sorty to st-ite turned out to be too tme. Mr HurlsLone has lost everything but two burses. He saw the bush fire Hearing his place, but though he was. careful to release his horses from the etables he did not think the fire would reac'i his place. It did however and the whole of his property, including a quantity of grjin, was, with the exception mentioned totally destroyed. Yesterday a fierce bush fire was burning near Mr James Howe's property, Mount MacedoD. A paiuful accident occurred on Saturday last to Mr Eobert Sharp of the bone mill St, Agnes Hill. He w«s returning home driving, and on passing a heap of stones the lioise shied, and began plunging, breaking some of the harness. Mr Sharp who is about 75 years of age was thrown out and fell heavily on the grouod, fracturing both arms justabovethe wrists. He also sustained several sevpre bruises and laceratinns nn the face, Tbe suffi-rer was attended by Drs Duncan and Pesteli who applied all the usual remedies. Tbe Government are taking energetic stvps to get the defences of the colony into the best possible condition, and amongst other things have decided on the re- orgaaiz-ition of the Torpedo Corps and Messrs Eojery and Joseph will be asked to resume the active" duties pf the offices fotmcrly held by them. The Agout- Gensral hasalsobeen telegraphed todirecti:ig him to despatch per the first mail boat (be racers required to mount the 10-inch guns at the HeadB—that is, if they have n-it been shipped already. It has slso been determined on to send for two Alphabeta boats, and DO Stinnch boats, in consequence of tbe consideration that tbe Alpha-Beta boats are good and effective at aea. while those of the Staunch pattern are only useful for tlje puppose fur which they are specially designed. Ihe Cerberus too has been tsken in ht>nd, and the repairs to htr boilers wiil be commenced at once instead of fourteen daya hence, as was originally proposed. At Warpamb-jol, on F.idsy, a public trial of Pvnny and Go's potato was made. . Che digger worked with a pair of horses, the potatoes were ploughed up, and they weietiken away by revolving forks. Experts thought well of the machine, though it is open jó " improremenf, the soil operated on being rather friable. It is suggested that due farmer" in a district should purchace one and go about digging" potatoes on the same system aa is pursued with reipingar.d threshing machin, e. An Age telegram states that the Waruambool woollen mills Were entirely destroyed by fire 1 on Friday night. At hEjipasttwo they w ere still burning. The damage is about £20,000. The stock and premises are partly insured. It wili throw joins ffivpeiy employes ou| «£ ffSlfe -.• • ' • I T. Ac jmmittea meeting oithoKy '-tunshira Council was hel i in the Council Chambers ou Saturday morning last, at which were present Crs W. Thomson (in tho chair) Mesizies. Bnscombe, Carter, Macdonald, Barrow, Ewing, Macpherson and Symington. Tenders were aocepted for various works as follows :—No. 21 filling in holes near police station Trer.tbani. P. Quinn £10 ; No. 34 constructing 21 chains kerbing and chanuellioe. Siiups-'U streat. P. ChsrleB £337 19s Ołi ; No. 35 constructing 11 chains kerbing and channelling, south side Simpson street- J. Qji:lin»n £164 8s ; No. 37 constructing 11 chains kerbing and channelling, Ebaen street. J. Q'lillinan £187 10s; No. 39 for supplyins 1200 cubic yards maintenance metil, Carlfruhe Riding. O. M'Carron £35(5 No. 40 for erecHng bridee, Piper street Kyneton. W. Wall £1809 2s; No. 42 for cons'ructingmetal rosd uear Mrs Hogan'e Spring Hill. J. P. Brown £56. The ejntract for the Piper street bridge was let conditionally upon the Government acceding to the council's request, nomely to gran^ a subsidy eqnxl to two-thirds of the C'st. A lnt:er WSB received from Mr Alls.ip of Sandhurst offering £12 103, for the old 6r« enaine now lying in Piper Btrect, The offer was accepted, delivery to be made at. Kyneton. Cr W, Thomson was deputed to wait on the Minister of Public Woika in reference to ihe application for an increased grant in aid of the Piper street bridge and also in leference to the condition of the Linriston bidge. The meeting then adjourned. A youth named Patrick Lyons was admitted to the hospital yesterday afternoon suffering from severe bruiBes to his lsftleg. He was sitting in a digf leading a horse when the animal pulled back, drawing the boy over the tail-board. The accident happened on Friday, but Lyons was not brought to the hospital until yesterday. The anniversary services of the Wee> leyan Church wtre held on Sunday, when two eloquent seimouB were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev J. Brown of Sunbury. The weather being fine contributed to the sucoess of the anniversary, and large congregations attended each service. To-morrow evening the usual tea meeting will ba held, after which a public meeting will be held in the church, when addresses will bj delivered by aererel ministers and other gentlemen, Tbe onoir will lender choice musical selections on the occasion. Soma time back a Mr Smyth residing on the Blue Mountuiu road lott a horse, which he valued at about £30, through its having fallen into a hole at the side of the rond. He applied for compensation from the Shire Counoil and the matter was left in the bands of the members for the riding. No satisfactory arrangement was arrived at nod the matter cime befor j the Daylesford County Court, with (he result tbat plaintiff was nonsnitsd, on the ground that the Shire was not liable for the las-;. Fr >m this decision he appealed to tbe Supreme Court and the appeal was argued on Saturday before their Honor the Chief Justice, Mr Justice Higinbotbasn and Mr Justice Hobroyd. Dr Mackay argned io support of the appeal that the shire was liahle, as the oonncil had not filled in or fenced tbe hole, and that the pl&int-ff; had not beeu guilty of negligenoe, aehe left the horse looked up in the stable. Judgment was given yesterday, when the Court held that the shire had been negligent io not filling up or protecting the hole. There had ale o been contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff in allowing the yard to be left open, so that the horse was able to leave the premise. As tbe blame nas so equally divided, the &pp;al was dismissed . Wa have to record the death of , another respected old tetident, Mr Twyford of Lang ley, who expired at his residence. Piper'Street, on Sunday morning. Mr Twyfnrd bad beea an invalid for the psst three months and came into Kyuetun that he might more readily have access to medical advice. What promised to b6 a very interesting match at tbe popular game of tenniB had been arranged for Saturday last, between ihe ladies and gentlemen, members of the Castlemaine and Kyntton clubs respectively, but owing to the decided superiority of the Kyneton teams, the match was robbsd of tbat interest which attaches to a well contested game. The gentlemen opened the play Messrs Ross and Smith for Kynet >n, against Messrs Fdrran and Ozai ne for Castleinaine. it was however an inauspicious beginning for Castlemaine as Kyneton won one love set and in the 2nd set Castleinaine were only enabU-d to scire one game against their opponents' four. MeBais Foxtou and Beiring then met Messrs Thompson and Kilburn, of Castlemaine whom they disposed of in an almost tqually summary way, Castlemaine only gaining 2 games to their opponents' 8. The ladies "then took the field Misses Greene and Govett f.-r Kyneton and Misses Young and Hutchinson for Castlemaine, being tile first pairs, but though the Castlemaine ladies played well, they were no match for tbe Ky neton ones, whoBe serving in particular, and play generally, was remarkably good. Miss Ross and Miss Tealo of Kyneton, were th*n matched against Mrs Reid and Miss Bennett of C.-ietlemaine, and here again Kyneton was victorious. The serving and pląy of Miss ROBS being much admired, while Miss Teale's returning was also very neat. The ma-oh altogether, owing to the fine weather, was very enjoyable, and was witnessed by a large gathering of members and others. Mr James Lyon, of Lynnsville, the sawmill proprietor, concerned in the late dispute with Mr Orde. and whose men were fined on Wednesday last for cutting aud removing timber from a reserve, has written to the Evening Mail in the following terniB.-.—*'1 not only challenge you, } but all the papers thRt have published or J xpressed an opinion on tho recent dispute, to prove that I have wasted a single tree; All the timber I have felled is away— some of it in the mills at Wedderburn rod another poition pn its rpad to Queeusr land. I have too big a stationary plant to waste what ought to be made a profit of." It will be remembrred that Mr Bruce of the Railway department) stated recently that a Kyneton solicitor had used a free press pass over tje railways, and that when his assertion was contradicted the Minister of Railways desired Mr Bruce to furnish an explanation. of the matter. This was done, but the explanation being unsatisfactory, he was asked to aupply a second. Tbe latter'document (the Arg us states) is now in the hands of Ifr B .-ot, and wonld have been considered at tbe last Jgeeting pf the Cibingt had there Veen time. It will, however be submitted to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen' and may eventually be made public. -On the 11th March tha selectors, rents were £93G6 in excess of the Treasurers estimate, and on the the 18th March the ew*ss had increased to £11,860; the' total escesa of revenue' froih' all sources . on ihe 11th March was £996, but it was reduced to £315 on theI8ch Maith. The As s .o.e miners were at work on Frs- , day at Little Bendigo, n- ar Ballarat ihey were startled at coming w across tho bones of a human being. They immediately gave information of their discovery to the police, which led to inquiries being mide ili.itresulted in t.tiu fact being ascertained that about th'irty-one years ago a miner died and was buried in the place whera the bones were now discovered. Finding this to ba BO tho police gave instructions to Messrs Grose and Odgers t • have the skeleton interred in the Cemetery and this was done. The match between the Station and GiBborne Cricket Clubs, postponed from last Saturday, will be played at Gisborue, on Saturdcy afternoon next. The team r;ri"ii>slly chosen to represent the Station C.C. wiil not be alts red. At the in^etinę of the Dunedin Jockey Club, held a few daya ago, the totalis.itor worked under tho auspices of the club, proved a great success. No lesB than £18,000 passed through it during the three days. A sudden change in tho weather took place at Lancefield oa Saturday, cold wind with indications of rain. The farmers are anxious for a good downpour, so a? to benefit the potato crop. The lo^al buyers are giving 4s. for peas at. the station ; and for a gooH sample of Tartarian oats, 3j £d. is refused. 