TH]E THURSDAY MORNING, FEB. 9, 1882. IT is high time that the midnight acts of destruction too frequently perpe- trated in this township of late, should be checked. It seems to afford extreme amusement to some ill-minded persons to take advantage of the still hours of the night for the purpose of destroying and injuring the property of our citizens, and insulting or abusing those whose age or incapacity prevent 'them from defending themselves. To sheet ?ome to the perpetrators of these offences the misdemeanors of which theyy have been guilty, no trouble nor expense should be spared, or peaceably diposed persons might soon them selves have to usurp the functions of the law and avenge such outrages, rather than quietly submit to their property being unsafe, while for an istant unguarded..' This, moreover, is but the beginning of what would ere ?ong assume a much graver aspect. It would be unsafe for our families to be away from home after the shades of night had called out these owls of destruction to commence their work of lawlessness. How should they know but that on their returns their homes would be wrecked or foild, for it is a feature of this section of the criminal class that beginning with petty acts and trifling otfences, hardened and made audacious by the success and impunity with which tlhey commit offences of a genial nature, their final acts are not checked by that fear and terror of the law with which they were at first inspired., We have not painted the present state of affairs or what maybe their ultimatum in darker colors than the occasion and circumstances demand,. and now as to the quickly-checking of this too ripening element. There is but one mode of properly and strin gently putting into effect ,the :laws framed and enacted for the benefit and protection of the people and their property, and that is by apportioning where occasion demands, a sufficient police force. The fact of the matter is, that our local force is insuifficient, and must certainly be increased; the in terests of the public and the safety of their property demand it. If applica tion is made to the district Superin tendent, and the facts and circum stances of the case plainly laid before him, he cannot but comply with the request. On behalf of the residents of Maffra, we urgently press upon our leading townsmen the necessity of taking some active steps in this matter before further outrages and acts of destruction are perpetrated. IT is a matter of general surprise that in this age when so much is being done for the education, and so much is being talked about supplying informa tion for the masses of the people, a tax is still here retained upon newspapers which prevents anything like tlhat large and geneal circulation which is otained in the United States, of America. No one will contest the fact that by means of newspapers education has been very considerably advanced, a knowledge of history past and present and of geography, is daily. being im- parted even to the most superficial readers, an analysis of the characters of our public men is frequently being made which enables them.to "' see themselves as others see them," and to correct fail- ings and imperfections of which they would not otherwise be made aware, and it also stimulates those who are aspiring to similar psoitions to take the conduct of some prominent moember of society as their guide and inspires them with a wish to copy what they must admire. A detailed statement of the progress which is being made in the development of agriculture, mining, manufactures and trade is daily issued, which facilitates trade and enterprise, and if all this be conceded, the question is naturally raised why should not every facility be given by our Government for the transmission of information -which is invaluable to the bulk of the people The charge for the conveyance of newspapers, by lnland post is a tax which. should not be borne by individias, but should be defrayed out of the general revenues of the Colony, for if it is desirable that educa- tion should be given free of cost to minors, why should impediments be placed in the way of giving education to adults to whom such information would not leass be valuable and instruotive? The proprietors of newspapers' pub. lished in Melbourne may not feel in any very great degree the impost- of a fee for conveyance by post, because they can and do to a very great extent avoid this charge by forwarding bulky packages of their daily and weekly issues by train or coach to their agents, by whom the same are distributed, but in the case of up country journals the circumstances are diferent, for, in the distribution of their issues to other than local subscribers, they are com- pelled to make use of the post inasmuch as the demand for local intelligence alone is not suflicient to enable them to make use of the same facilities which are open to the Metropolitan journals. It will be conceded that except for the journals which are printed and pub- lished in every important township of Victoria much of the intelligence which is now issued, would be lost to the community, and that if depndent alone upon Melbourne for the supply of cur- rent news the country interests would be much more neglected and ovorlooked than at present. Wherefore, we say that journals whose circulation is necessarily limited, should not be handicapped by having to pay a postage fee which is in a large measure avoided by their Metropolitan contemporaries, and we repeat that it would be a wise and righteous policy to allow all news papers published and circulating in this colony to be transmitted free of charge from one post town to another. It is expected that the English Mail will be dispatched on Friday instead of Monday, the appointed day of do parture. Late last night news reached this office that a portion of Mewburn Park, known as Freeman's paddock, near Mr.- Geo. Davis' property, was on fire, and about 200 acres of grass had been burnt, but as the night was calm and a number of hands were on the ground, the proba bility is that the fire will be quenshed by this morning. With regard to a, paragraph which appeared in one of our contemporaries, expressing a doubt as to whether the Maffra Rac -Meeting could be legally held owing to no advertisement having appeared in the V. R. C. Calendar, we are informed that Mr. H. B. Moore, sec- retary to the V. R. C has been commu- nicated with, and there is nothing to prevent the Maffra meeting taking place on the 23rd instant as advertised. Mr H. Maxfield, jun. again offers himself as a candidate for a seat in the North' Gippsland Mining Board, for the Donnolly's Creek Division. At the last election, Mr. Maxfiold was not suc- cessful, but nothing daunted, he is again soliciting the support of the miners, when it is to be hoped he will be more for- tunate. ' On Friday evening, a most determined destruction of property, took: place in Johnson-street. The whole of the win- dows in Mr. Selcder's unoccupied pre- mises;,'adjoining the: Bank of Victoria, Johnson.street,-Maffra, were broken, and the iron in front of the verandah torn down and destroyed. This is the second destruction of a similar nature that has taken place in the township during the last few weeks. The annual meeting of the members of St. James' Church, Heyfield, was held on Tuesday evening, the Rev. J. Hollis presided., The report was very satisfac- tory, showing all debts cancelled, several improvements made, and a cash balance in hand. A very hearty vote of thanks was given to the retiring guardians, specially the secretary, 'Mr Holley, for their exertions during the year. Messrs.. Campbell, Holmes, Reynolds, and Round- tree, were elected on behalf of the trustees and congregation; and Messrs. Marshall and Harbeck were reappointed auditors. The new ratess of carriage of newspapers over the Victorian railways for any dis tance, came into operation yesterday. For parcels not exceeding 71b. 1d ; 14lb:, 1½d ,281b, 3d ; 561b., 6d; 112lb., 1s, and for every additional 28lb an extra charge of 2d. Parcels not prepaid by stamps will be charged double rates. We hear from Seaton that on Monday an entensive bushfire was burning at the back of the township towards the river, between Armstrong's. and 'Rumpffs, the male portion of the population in the neighborhood being mostly absent, women and children turned out and thought they had mastered the fire but it again broke out on Tuesday and burnt, a considorable part of the country including a portion of Mr. Collins' fence. The meeting of delegates appointed to make arrangements for dividing the Maffra Shiro into ridings which was advertised to take place at the Shire Hall, last Mon- day, lapsed on account of those interested attending the horse sale held by Messrs. A. M'Lean and Co., consequently, the meeting was adjourned to Tuesday next, the 14th instant, at 2 p.m. With reference to the above we hereby give for general information the fol- lowing as to the value of property and numnber of voters in each of the proposed ridings:--North Riding, voters, 229; value, £16,229; West Riding voters, 252,value £11,613; South Riding, voters, 225, value, £9,290. On Monday morning, whilst riding a young horse, Archibald M'Cole, jun., met with a serious accident. It. appears the horse put his foot in a hole and fell with M'Cole, breaking his thigh bone. Dr. Eccles is now attending the sufferer. On Tuesday, a grey draught mare the property of Mr. J. Knox, Maffra, whilst being worked at his farm, Bundalaguah, dropped down and died.; from appearances now presenting themselves, it.i surmmised the mare was bitten by a snake . Several apparently healthy cows about the town- ship have also died it is supposed from the same cause. Francis Cawley, charged with stealing £11 from Mr. Lachlan M'Lauchlan, at Tinamba, and with stealing a mare, value £16 16s from James John- ston near Bairnsdale,was on Tues day, committed on both charges to take his trial at the Assize Court to be held at Sale on Friday thi 24th inst. Last Thursday at half-past nine a.m. a fire broke out on the promises occupied by Mr. G. T. Jones, surveyor, Maffra. Within a few minutes of the fire starting, a number of most willing hands were on the spot, but the flames had got too great a hold and, although there was a plen- tiful supply of water, it was impossible to save tihe furniture, bedding, clothing, &c..; but by the untiring efforts of all those present the building, (the property of Mr J.:Morison), although considerably damaged, was saved. Neither landlord nor tenant were insured. The origin of the fire remains a mystery, no one being home at the time excepting, Mrs. Jones who had been engaged in the back yard some time before the conflagration, was discovered, which appears to have started in the front bed room. In our adver- tising columns, Messrs 'Morison and Jones both thank those who lent their valuable assistance on the above oocassion. The Rev. J.. Morphett. delivered a very interesting lecture at the Maffra Shire Hall on Friday evening, to an ap- preciative but small audience. This is to be regretted as the subject was 'a most initresting one viz--Tho country in which we live, forty years ago, or, remi- nicencies of early days in Australia. .The rev. lecturer went so far back as 8th May,' 1838, :describing the settlement where Adelaide now stands; the style of living in those days, the founda- tion of Melbourne,state of society there, and many interesting particulars in con- nection with the Adelaide blacks, such as their marriage, death, mode of burial, etc., concluding his lecture with a quarrel scene between a blackfellow and his lubra, in which Mrs Morphett took part. The lecturer appeared to be thoroughly ac- quainted with his subject, evidently speak ing from personal experience, and during the whole time keeping his audience with him. Those who take any interest in the history and manners of the aborigines and early settlers could not do better than listen to the Rev. Mr. Morphett's' lecture when they would gain a great deal of interesting infor- mation. 