THROUGH JAERAHLAND. (from oub own correspondent. ) No. V. Every one, great and small had preached to me since my landing in West Australia the absolute necessity of seeing the Eastern or York distriot. " You really must see York," was the constant refrain of every man, woman, and child I met. It was almost a paraphrase of what Ingoldsby describes as the Neapolitan ory— When each lazz&roni; would cry to Me crony, <( See Naples, then die ; and the sooner the netter." Well, we determined to see York as soon as possible. I say we, for three weeks before I had been joined in my journey through Jarrahland by another " competent man from the other side," whose companionship was very comforting, for with his assistance I was now better provided with proper expletives in which to anathematise the West Aus tralian publiean8 and all their works, iu which delightful occupation we managed to pass many pleasant hours. York lies about fifty miles to the eastward of Perth, whence a railway is now in course of construction, and is completed as far as Guildford, nine miles. The line runs for most of the distance close to the beauti ful Swan River, of which occasionally a glimpse is obtained while passing through the newly laid out suburb of Norwood, close to the city. The oouutry is sandy, with swamps and timber for several miles, and then changes near Gnildford to a rich alluvial loam, with noble redgnms. Guildford is a beautifully situated place on the banks of the Swan, and has all the characteristics of a pleasant, sleepy old English village, with church, and all sur rounded by lovely trees and gardens. The houses are almost all built of brown brick, and the whole place has a look of quiet eom- fprt and prosperity. There are several well- kept orchards, vineyards, and orangeries in the neighbourhood of Guildford, which are well worth a visit. Guildford covers a lot of ground — I should think it is something like a mile and a half square, possibly more — but the buildings are not crowded, and there is always room to pass in the streets. This will be readily believed when I explain that the population is about 800 to 900 all told. The Western Australian Government are always careful in this respect to give plenty of room. Before leaving Perth we had taken places by the Government van or mail- cart to York, the tickets being issued at the General Post- office. I may note here that ail the mails are carried by Government conveyances, and the coaches are ail driven by policemen specially told off for this service, the manage ment of the mail service being in the bands of Captain Smith,, Superintendent of Police. The arrangement seems an odd one, but taking the scarcity of population and long distances to be travelled into account, I think the idea not at all a bad one, and better accommodation and horses are the result than if the conveyance of mails were left to private enterprise. We were quite anxious to see a Western. Australian mail coach, and were soon gratified by the appearance of an odd-looking turn-out like a large American express waggon, the body mounted very high from the ground on three springs, and the whole covered by a light equare roof, the sides being open. However, the cattle looked good, and on trial the van itself proved not uncomfortable, while our uniformed driver was good nature itself, and as chockfull of miscellaneous information as a Gascoyne blaokfellow after a gorge of stolen mutton. Soon after starting, our risible faculties were strongly excited at finding that the commander of our craft carried a chronometer or something very like it. I asked when we would arrive in York, when the driver gravely opened a big bag hanging to the front of the vehicle and displayed a veritable eight-day clock (balance-wheel. <-f c juree), in good going order, and, taking iUe rime, informed us that wejmight expect to reach our destination about surjowd. The same receptacle contained a number of other articles, and after the clock episode I should not have been greatly astonished had he produced a chest of drawers or a kitchen dresser. Nothing of the kind appeared, however, so I concluded that he had not yet quite finished furnishing. We travelled at a good pace over a well- kept road till we reached the foot of the Darling Range, and then began a laborious climb over a road with the most abrupt and unnecessary gradients imaginable. The engineer who devised this monstrosity should be taken to the top and rolled down. At Greenmount we passed the principal camp of Messrs. Keane and Wright, the contractors for the second section of the railway. They are making good progress, and have no doubt about completing their contract in time. We were soon once more in the jarrah forest, and the road wound round the rises or over the hills, throngh what Brunton Stephens aptly calls the " eucalyptic eloieter- dom," for mile after mile in a most mono tonous way, very few clearings being seen, and those not of great extent, so that the view was ever shortly bounded by the grey, or, where a bush-fire had passed, black- barked boles of the jarrah and redgums. The flowers, as usual, were very beautiful — handsome, giowing-hued Kennedies climbed and trailed over stump and brush, and a brilliant crimson caljstemon made the undergrowth a blaze of colour, while each little glade was carpeted with golden, rose, and white everlastings in endless profusion. Really, the wild flowers of the West are indescribably lovely. The Lakes, a changing-house and roadside inn, was reached early in' the afternoon, the end of a long cruel stage for three horses — twenty-thrse miles, over heavy billy roads. Really, the Government might afford another horse, orkelse change at the Greek Inn, about half way. The Lakes takes its name from a chain of rushy marshes, one of which stretches in front of the door, and at first sight looks like a clearing under crop. The soil on the margin is first-class, and were these swamps drained, the land would be valuable. What would, or rather what would not, our drought-dreading northern " cockeye " give for the chance of draining their land? After leaving the Lakes the country begins to ohange ; the timber alters from jarrah and ft. ; 1 at- . T gi" Til " J r -mt lf redgum to tuart or West Australian white gum, a. large handsome ith/rOujglfii bark, pearl grey in colour. The wood pf this tree is almost equal in surability to jarrah, and for strength and toughness and fibreis not excelled by any timber I know of in Australia. It is used locally for cart and carriage building, and for wbeelmaking is unrivalled. Unfortunately, wherever white gum is found to the eastward of the coast range, there the obnoxious York- road and box poiBons flourish also. They are of the gastralohium family, : and although deadly at certain seasons, are ! very unequal in their action on different ani mals and .at different times. The York road poison is the most difficult to eradicate, as so large a quantity of seeds remain in the ground, which quickly germinate after each bush-fire. Many thousands of acres of moderately timbered and fairly grassed country in thejneighbourhood of York are hardly made use of at all, owing to the presence of this pest. We reached York about sundown, and found it so be a prettily situated, dozy old place, lying in a wide and fertile hollow between the hills, known as the Valley of the Avon, for so is the Upper Swan called. As usual, the designers of the town left lots of room, and consequently York occupies miles of country ; the reader may fill in the figures for himself, feeling safe in the assur ance that a mile or two one way or the otber won't matter much. The buildings are nearly all of brick, and owing to their age the place looks far more English than Australian, but English of " fifty years ago." Of course there are some modern buildings, notable among which is the Catholic Church and Messrs. H. Monger and Co.'e ware house, which is the finest business pre mises in the colony. Talking about churches reminds me that the Church of England folk are unusually well provided in this particular, for they have two churches — one for morning and one for evening Eer- vice. How is that for high ? The reason of this prodigality was explained to me to be that, is the town was so large, and no one knew where the centre of population would be, one church was built and used for some time, and afterwards, not being central enough, another was erected, and in order to accommodata both ends of the town, a com promise was made that each Bhould have a turn of the minister's service every Sunday. York is the farming district of the colony, and certainly the only good farming we saw was in this neighbourhood. The country is comparatively lightly timbered, the timber being she-oak, wattle, myall, and; the large'or black mallee. The soil is a reddish loam of fair quality, changing to a rich chocolate on the alluvial flats near the rivers and water courses. Having only two days in which to view York and its surroundings, -we chartered a buggy and pair to drive out next morning, the charter-party stipulating that the voyage should commence at 10 a.m. sharp. At half-past 10 my companion went down to see why our caravan had not hove in sight, and was told that one horse had to be got in from the paddock. At 11 a youthful Y or kite was despatched to suggest that it was past 10 o'clock. He came back with the information that the starboard-side horse was being Bhod. We possessed our souls in patience for half an hour ; then my mate made another try, but returned to say that they were just fitting on the second shoe, so word was sent down that we would refresh the iuner man with lunch before starting, but would get under way at 2 precisely. The horse proprietor seemed hurt, He said he had been a-hurrying of things op, and we could start as soon as we pleased. However, at- half. past 2 there was no sign of our turn-out, so I went to the stable myself prepared to make things lively ; but when I saw four men and a boy getting the horses in, two men mending the trap, and three more superintending and giving advice, I thought I could not hurry things much, so merely observed that pos sibly they would have got on quicker if they had only had more man-power. Only one fellow saw any sarcasm in the remark, and he, I suspect, was a " tothersider." West Australians have an insuperable objection to undue haste ; they value time so much that they take as much of it as they can when any work is to be done. We droye out some twelve or fifteen miles towards Beverlsy, on the proposed route of the southern railway to Albany, and passed over really good grazing country all the way, considerable tracts being first-class agricul tural land. We passed several large and well-cultivated farms, and paid a visit to that of Mr. John Taylor, which is far and away the best we saw in the colony, both in management, buildings, and appearance. Mr. Taylor and his neighbours will have a high average yield this season. Next day we made an early start, and, drove out in an opposite direction through good grazing and farm lands. to Northam, about twenty miles. The weather was very warm, and the country was beginning to have a dried-up look. The hay erop had been good, and a high average was expected for the wheat. Northam is a very quiet little place, with no particular points of interest. It has a mill, large public school, and a Bushman's Home, under the auspices of the I.O.G.T., a body which seems pretty strong in West Australia, and which, without doubt, may find plenty to do, for the drinking customs of the colonies, which we deprecate so mueh in the east, certainly do not improve in the west. This Bushman's Home is a well-built house of two storeys, and is kept as a sort of temperance hotel. I was told that it was comfortable and well conducted; if sot, it is a pity itB promoters do not extend the sphere of their usefulness by establishing similar hotels in other localities, for the non- temperance hotels, as a rule, do not err on the side of too great luxuriousness or comfort. We mfurced to York the same day, as we were obliged to start for Perth-next morning. From what I was able to see of the York distriot, I am certain that much more might be made of the country than has been done in the past, both in fanning and grazing; still I am bound to admit that if what the old settlers say is true, there are difficulties in the way, but so there are anywhere. , I know this — that our farmers are, many of them, doing well on far worse land, and with quite_ as many difficulties to contend with, though or another sort. Probably, however, the rail way will cause a movement m this neigh bourhood in the right direction, for 'even now signs of new life are apparent, and land thai has long lain idle is being for the first time improved by fencing sod clearing. It is my strong opinion that West Australia, with its immense territory and consequent cheap land, will yet be a very large grain-producing place; but it will require someone to show the W.A.'s the WAY, for, with few excep tions, they have not yet learned how to make the best of their country. (To be continued.) 