DISTRICT COUNCILS. ANGASTON, October 21. Present—All but Cr. Sporn. letter read trom Mr. W. Clark, requesting signature of Chairman to agreement forwarded for exchange of water re serve with trustees of the late G. F. Angus; approved and signed. Clerk reported that be had seen some of the memorialists respecting their request for a pound to he opened at Angus Park, and Mr. C. Bock had promised to forward in writing the terms he would let bis yards for, and the names of the persons who would consent to act as Pound keeper, which, however, had not come to hand; to stand over. Clerk to write to Postmaster-General and enquire, in the event of the Government declining to put op a clock at the Post-Office, if they would allow one to be placed there and kept regulated by the Postmistress, provided the cost was paid by the inhabitants; to call attention to the state of the telegraph posts, which required painting; and to the alteration required in the newspaper and parcel box. the aperture of which wss so small that it was a difficult matter to post a newspaper or small parcel without tearing it or rubbing ;tbe stump off. Clerk to write to i Messrs. Basedow and Downer and request tbem ' to endeavour to get the gnn tax abolished, as it prevented people going out shooting hares, spar rows, and other pests, which have largely increased since the Gun Act came into operation. Notice to be given to constables chosen to attend next meet ing and be sworn in. E. Bichter appointed Banger for Grunberg and Stockwell Wards. Overseer re ported that the clearing of road at light's Pass had been let to A. Stachr at £319s. Payments, £147 4s. lid. APODiGA, October 28. Present—All but Councillor Stevens. Work to be done—Blinding metal at Emu Downs Post-Office for £4 15s., and one day's rolling £1; rolling between Edgelow's and south boundary, two days, £2; clearing tussocks S3 feet wide in roads west of Council Chamber and F. Schuppan's. Clerk to apply to Crown Lands Office for permission to sink well in travelling-stock road near McCundry's. Receipts, £3 Ids. 7d. ; payments, £5L BAROSSA WEST, OCTOBER 23 Present—Crs. McCallum (chair), Leake, and Johns. Inspector reported that Mr. Randall bad paid liim 30s. on account of kerbing, which had been banded to Clerk; approved. Permission granted to Hinge to remove post subject to approval or Inspector. Eight chains of road to be done between Sections 99,100, and 103. Tenders accepted—No. 48, B. Whiteman. £414s. per chain; No. 51, A. Edmunds, £9 15s.; No. 60 to be left to Inspector Receipts, £32 ISs.; payments, £0215s. 4d BELVIDERE, OCTOBER 21. Present—Crs. Jackson (Chairman), Boyne, Lange, and Reddan. Letter read from Secretary of Kapunda Marble and Marble Lime Company, Limited, asking Clerk to call special meeting of Council, in order that the Directors and Manager of the Company would be able to personalty explain the nature and necessity of their claim in reference to exchange of old road east of Section 16, and in order that Council would reconsider their former decisions in reference to said road. Messrs. Elliott, Mollor, and May, Directors, and Mr. Olaister, Manager, waited on the Council on behalf of the Company. Mr. Elliot said that the road they asked to have closed was almost imp issable owing to its rough nature; and as in oruer to connect their two quarries, one on either side, they wished to take a tramway across at the height of about five feet above the level of the road, they proposed to give in exchange a good passable roaa through their northern block, the cost of which ex change they would defray, and asked Council to give the necessary, notices. The other gentlemen also spoke ii> support of the claim. The Council said tlicy desired to aid the Company, but stated they would like first to hear the views of the rate payers ; to which it was pointed out that the rate payers would have forty days after the first notice in which to send in objections, and at the end of that time it would be for the Council to consider those objections, and to decide the matter. Cr. Beddan thought the Company should pay something for the concession, as though thb road was a bad one, its closing would improve their property. The Council visited the quames, and after a lengthy discussiun it was agreed that the Company would pay £50, and the Council thereupon unde took to give the neces sary notices. DALKEY (No date) Present—All. Three district constables were sworn in. Revised assessment allowed. Council declared a rate of ninepence in the pound for the current year. Tenders accepted—No. 190, metal ling, Jos. Brooks. £5 19s. per chain; No. 207, grabbing, W. Stein, 1s. per chain. Receipts, £6 1s. 11d. ; payments, £40 2s. OCTOBER 16. Present—Crs. Jas. McLachlan (chair), Geo. Wherry, and Robt. Wood. Tenders accepted—No. 205, grubbing, J. McCann, 1s. 4d. per chain; No. 208, metalling, P. Hogan, £5 13s. 6d. per chain; No. 209, metalling, Thos. Barker, £6 10s. per chain; No. 211, metalling, A. T. Greenshield, £5 5s. per chain; No. 212, grubbing, W. Stein, £2, lump sum; No. 213, grubbing, J. StancUey, la. 61. per cbain; No. 214, grubbing, B. Gaffney, 5s. 61. per chain. Payments, £21 11s. 7d. DUBLIN, October 30. Present—All. Resolved, that the price of ceme tery blocks be lowered from £4 ls. to £3, and 9ft. x 4 ft. 6 in. from £2 Os. 6d. to £1 15s. The Clerk was instructed to get holes filled up on Shannon-road, near B. McNally's. Resolved, that the Bushfires Act be strictly enforced. Payments, £175 13s. 10d. EAST TORRENS, OCTOBER 26. Present—Crs. Merchant (Chairman), Channing, and Hacklin. Tender accepted for supplying fifty yards of 21-inch metal and erecting guard-fence Fifth Creek- road, Frank Anderson, 5s. per yard metal, £6 lump sum for fence. Clerk to write to Mr. R. U. Bennet and inform him that the Chairman has examined the original survey plan of Section 851, Third Creek, and found that there was no reserve adjoining the section as stated in previous correspondence. The mistake occurred by the district plan showing a reserve, which is evidently an error, and the Council is sorry for any inconvenience he may have been put to in the matter. Payments, £11 10s. ECHUNGA, October 23. Present—All. Tenders accepted—Forming and Travelling 10 chains on Bell's road, A . Liebelt, at £1 6s. 6d. per chain; forming and building culvert on Rudd's-road, Bridgewater— forming £l 3s. per chain, building culvert 4s. 9d. per loot. Works ordered—Repairs to bridge Echunga township, cutting and filling on road near Crossfell, repairs to Grunthal and Sixty Acre-roads. Council meetings for ensuing four months to be held at Stirling West. Receipts, £23 15s.; pay ments, £44. ENCOUNTER BAY, October 2i. Present — Crs. 'lite (Chairman), Crossman, and Ilifyuins. Letters received from Crown Lands Office re timber reserve north of suburban allotments, Port Victor. Prom surveyor-General, stating (Go vernment can issue licences or permits to remove gravel from land adjoining Section 109, Ilindmarsh Valley. Hon. A. liay to be informed tho Council decline erecting boatslieds at present. From Mr. Acraman, re road at Flinders-parade; Clerk to reply. K. Nettle to have the limestone reserve near Ilindmarsli Tiers for Bve years on certain conditions. Receipts, £37 (is.; payments, £3313s. 9d. ENGLISH, October 0. Present—Crs. Day (Chairman), Gehluig, Kieke busch, Pfitzner, and Radloffs. Gottlieb Joehinke, Charles. Huppatz, John Pollock, and Gustave Pfitzner sworn in district constables. Tenders ac cepted—No. 91, metalling, B. llueiliger, £6 IBs. Od per chain ; No. 96, grubbing and clearing, Nieksch and Pollock, 2s. Od. per chain. Payments, £0213s. od. GEORGETOWN, OCTOBER 24. Present—Chairman, and Cm. Manton, Lynch, Murphy, and lirinkworth. Letters from D. Fyfe, ti. lloulton, and S. Woof, re selling; land for road. From H. Carter, giving particulars re horse im pounded by Banger, lo stand over. From Agri cultural Society, asking if park lands could be leased; Clerk reported having replied. J. Martin's application for Banger accepted, to commence October 30. J. Coomb's tender for erection of windmill at Government well accepted. B. H. Wilkinson's tender accepted for contract No. 110. M. J. O'Logbian's tenders accept-d for contracts Nos. Ill and 112, metalling Pitt-street and repairing ford near Fitzgerald's. Payments, £13 Is. GILBEBT, October 23. Present—Chairman (U. Graham), Crs. Davis and Hondow. Correspondence — Letter from Mr. Curnow re rates; circular from Destitute Board requesting to be supplied with list of storekeepers in the district. Works ordered—Forming and metalling Farrow's, and terming and metalling Lower baddlewortn-road. Receipts, £17 5s. 6d.; payments, £4B 17s. J1IANSON, October 30. Present—Crs. Peako (Chairman), Smith, Cowley, and Turner. Curator applied for path to be formed at Hanson Cemetery; to be done. Annual sub scriptiontoBurraHospitalof£6r.3. granted. Tenders —No. 10, by Cockrum's sbeepyards, J. O'Leary accepted, £510s. per chain for metalling, 4s. lid. per cham ditching (one tender lower, out time required too long); filling ruts by Gain Creek gate ana two other places, J. O'Leary, £20, accepted; ditching on telegraph line, J. O'Leary, 4s. lid. per chain, accepted; ford near Jones's, to be offered to Mr. Rogers, sen., at £10. Sunday-school allowed to keep library In Council Chamber. About 5 chains uew work near Cr. Smith's to be done. Mintaro Council to be asked to share expense of repairing of creek in boundary road. Payments, £100 17a Od. HIGHEBCOMBE, OCTOBER 30. Present—All. Crs. G. W. Hibbert and W. ConUs repotted that they had enquired re road running between Sections S10 and 515, bnt conld not obtafd the required information ; resolved, that farther enquiry be made. Messrs. W. Knott, Jun., J. Kitely, A. Possingfasm, J. Stratheame, and S. Pitman attended, and were sworn in as district constables. Mr. A. Possingham's offer for the Boughton Public Pound for the year ending August 26,1688, accepted. Sundry repairs to be done on Beid's road. Supplying rubble metal on Spring Bill-road, and forming and gravelling on New Beservoir-road completed. Various work in pro gress. Receipts, £1212s. 6d.; payments, £68 2s. 3d. MOUNT BARKER, OCTOBER 30. Present—Crs. May (Chairman), Watts, Blight, and Bundle. Mr. Thomas Paltridge asked permission to place a weighbridge opposite TanyaTds in Mor phett-street; granted. Receipts, £86 lis.; pay ments, £98 4s. 5d. NARRIDY, October 28. Present—Crs. Porter (Chairman), Sandow, Colder, and Kildea. J. Benson and W. Morgan's tender for making a dam across Narridy Creek accepted at £2410s.; J. Pitman's tender lor clearing road near Evens's section accepted at £3. NEALES, September 80. Present —All. August Wagner and William Noitbe sworn in district constables. Tenders ac cepted—No. 121, grabbing and clearing, G. Fornum, 2s. 8d per chain; No. 122, W. Millward, 3s. Gd. per chain. Payments, £55 7s. PAHA WIBBA, October 28. Present—All. Letter received from Mr. Penna's solicitor re opening closed road Section 1554; Clerk to inform Mr. Powell he must erect elippanels upon it. Several offers for bark on district roads ac cepted. Clerk to write to Mr. Alcorn abont allow ing nse of old track through his land near Break neck Hill, as surveyed road is impassable in conse quence of the cutting there; also to write to Sur veyor-General on subject. Mr. Warren to be written to respecting delay in legalizing exchange of roads through Mrs. Peachey's land at Hermitage. The Commissioner of Crown Lands to be informed that parties holding barking licences from Government have done so upon district roads and reserves, and destroyed young wattles over the Crown Lands of the district in defiance of the size prescribed in the Waste Land Kegulatioris. Overseer's report was read. The assessment was confirmed; no appeals were made; and a rate of sixpence in the pound declared. Bcceipts, £916s.; payments, £2015a. 2d. POBTLAND ESTATE, OCTOBER 30. Present—All. Works Committee reported satis factory progress. Several ratepayers offered to pay half the expense of erecting walls opposite to their premises. The new assessment for 1S82-3 was attested and duly signed by the Chairman; the necessary notices to be given without delay. UPPER WAKEFIELD, OCTOBER 28. Present—The Chairman, and Crs. Johnson, English, and Whitehead. Letter received from H. Bacicork re repairs at Upper Skilly. Prom J. M. Le Sauvage re cattle straying about district roads. Tenders accepted—No. 34, W. Spackman, 6s. per chain; No. 35, G. G. Ashton, No. 1 9s. 6d. per cham, No. 2 £1 10s. (lump sum). Mr. Johnson applied for cutting at Upper Skilly; to be done. Mr. Jones reported ford at Montgomery's required repairs; left to Overseer. Payments, £7619s. YANKALILLA, OCTOBER 28. Present—Crs. Davies (Chairman), Baker, Sweet man, and Green. Mrs. Wright attended and asked the Council to refund the fine of £5 in Heatncote v. Wright; one half of fine refunded. Clerk instructed to write again to Surveyor-General re J. Martin's exchanged road. Petition from ratepayers at Hay Flat; to receive immediate attention. Mr. W. Biddle's tender for work at Tiller's Hill; Mr. P. Clesry's tender for work at Wooro Flat; Mr. D. Davies' tender for work at Spring Bank jand Mr. G. Miller's tender for work at Tiller's Hill, were accepted. 