WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1882. ALMOST at the last moment it has been decided that the contest for the repre sentation of Boroondara in the Logis lative Assembly shall be confined to Messrs WV. F. WALKER and O. TAY LOR; MReser LAWES and HARPER having gracefully retired at the instigation of their mutual friends, and Mr C. *F. NICHIILLs having followed suit to save his deposit money, after having himself more extensively noticed than under ordinary circumstances could have fallen to his lot in the whole course of a life-time. However, the task of the electors of Boroondara is now clearly laid down, and it is for them to choose between Mr WALKER, a gentleman who has moved in the political world and made a favorable impression, and Mr TAYLOR, a gentleman who has never before sought election, and who has never been known to take any active part in politics-who has never come before the public as such at any rate and who, consequently, is in every sense of the word an untried man. Although the difficulty of having a superaburidance of candidates to choose fronm has been removed, it would be very difflicult to say with any certainty who will be elected, but if parties of the present day were more clearly definable thle choice of the electors would not be be yond anticipation. Hitherto this con stituency has shown considerable dis cretion in choosing its representatives, and if snflicient interest is exhibited in to-morirow's election thler should be no departure from the general rule. The fiet is, however, that there is every sign of luke-warmness existing over the pro sent contest, and it is very doubtful in deed whetllerthe voting will be as exten sive as it should be. We fully anticipate that the losing Candidate will be found declaring that if his supporters had ral lied round him as they ought his loec tion would have been secured. This feeling of indifference is no doubt en gendered from the fiet that we are in the midst of peaceful times, that every tlhing is going on smoothly, that " peace, iprogress, and prosperity," is the order of the day, in fact, stid that there is thlorefore no need to take any unneces sn'y trouble in dociding who is the best candidate for election, and taking the no cesiary action to secure his election. That this is it very unwise attitude for any constituency to take up at any time is beyoild doubt, but at the present tillie it is reprehoneible in the extroneme. 'Too much reliance is being placed upon the peaceful attitude of parties, or rathoerof 'ifrginents of parties, in the House, and it is that reliance which is lulling the electors into a false sleep, from which they will bo rudely awakened when it is polhaps too late. We say emphatically, that notwith standing the peaceful appearance of things, the duty devolving upon the elec tors at Boroondara to- morrow is full of weighty importance, and unless they exercise their franchiseo ? t he' utmost extent, they will.fall 'far 'short of per-: forming- their duty. . There should. be no sucli thing. as a 'half-vote taken, but the'wliole vote of the district should be brought to bear, so that the voice of the constituency should be no uncer tain sonid."' ?lthough in some respects the views of the two candidates may be similar, yet the tone is not the same. There is a for more genuine ring about th'poblitical enunciations of Mn. WA, IER than about those of his opponent, alid:'if';tho' constituents. can but be bo'~giht to consider the matter upon its merits, we may reasonably hope that Ma., WALKilK. will be chosen by a very significat inajority. It is said that 'Mn, TAYLOR will have the "native vote," but it is difficult to imagine why that should'be looked upon as a. solid vdte. 'Mnl. WALKER, while not a native of Victoria, 'is certainly not many re moves from it, but, we think better of the young men of the Colony than to imagine that they would exercise their privilege of voting, simply onthe score of nativity. ,,The young electors are as diversified 'in their political opinions as any other, body.' of' voters, 'and in -the- present' instance their vote will most certainly be ;divided. As a politician-irrespective of their dif ferent views--Mn' i. WALKER is Cer tainly 'the most desirable candidate, having had :some little, though short experience 'in the political world ; and as we haive already suggested it is .im-: poratively necessary that'the hest man be selected, so that when the existing calm gives way to the outburst of the approaching storm, the constituents may iest assured that their interests are in safe hands, and that the welfare of the Country, and not personal advantage, will be the principle, guiding the actions of their representative, The R.M.S. Assam was off Glonelg at 5.50 ai.m. yesterday. Mr H. O. Staveley, will visit Maffra to-day, in place of Friday. At the adjourned annual meeting of the congregation of St. Paul's Church, on Monday evening, the report of the Board of Guardians, and the general financial statement for 1881, were adopted. iThe usual Harvest Service will be hold in St.:Paul's Church to-morrow (Thurs day) evening at 7.30. The Rev. H. A. Betts, of Port Albert, is to preach the sermon, and at the conclusion of the ser vice the prizes will be delivered to the Sunday School children. The Church will bo decorated as usual with corn, fruit, and flowers. Mr Thew, announces that his select Quadrille Assombly, takes place to-night; in the Temperance Hall. Mr Burton's tender, of £25, for the right of occupying the Friendly Societies' reserve, for grazing purposes has been ac copted. The following notice of motion is tabled for consideration at next mooting of the Sale Borough Council :-Cr. Tracy to move, " That no expenditure be incurred in relation to the proposed Borough cattle yards, until plans and specifications have boon presented to thissCouncil and dealt with in the usual way." At an adjourned meeting of the St. Patrick's Day sports committee, on Mon day evening, the Rev. J. L. Hogarty occupied the chair. Resolutions were carried to request the committee of the Caledonian Society to reconsider the charge for renting their ground ; and also to arrange for a ball on the evening of the 17th March, to be Bold, with the pormis sion of the Rev. J. L. Hegarty, in the Roman Catholic School room. Mr Thlew's band is to be engaged for the ball. After appointing a sub-committee to prepare a sports programmo, the mooting was ad journed until next Monday. The Maiffra races take place to-morrow, and should be largely attended. Asit is a nice drive to the course, numbers of visitors are expected to attend from Sale. The committeoo should be well satisfied witll tlhe acceptances, twelve out of the fifteen nominated having cried "content" with the weights allotted them, this per contago being far above the average. The other events on the programme are all post entry. A special meooting of the stewards of the Rosedalo racing club was held on MIonday evening, when it was resolved that, in conformity with the general wish ex pressed by owners of horses, the hurdles on tie Rosedalo course will be tlhe same as at the Groonwattle and Flemington coursesviz., flights of hurdles. It appears an impression has got abroad that tIle Roseodale steeple jumps are much higher than at other places. The stowards thero fore wish it lknown that none of the jumps are higher than 4 feoot 2 inches, and that all round they are as nearly as possible 4 feeoot high. The Sale Police have received a tele from Warragul that between 11 pn.m. on Monday and 6 a.m. yesterday a bayhorse, saddle and bridle weoro stolen from Mr Tatterson's stables in that town. A subsequcnt telegram stated that the horse was recovered yesterday in a paddock, but the saddle and bridle are still inissing. On Tuesday evening next, the scllolars attending tlhe Sale Presbyterian Sunday School will give an Service of Song illustra tive of Bmunyan's Pilgrim's Progress. Readings from the work will be given, and the proceeds of the entortainiment will be devoted to the Sunday School fund. The subject being an interestiug one, and the inusic harnmomious, there should be a good attendance of parents and frioeulds of the childron. The Rev. G. Daniels, lectured oin lIon day evenouiug, in thle Vcsloyan Church, Sale, to a very good audience. His sub ject was, " The Manniers and Customsn of tle South Sea JI$lndors." ir J. Littdle, J.P. occupied the chair, and the lecturer was introduced by thle Roev. Il. C. Flocknrt. Thle Rov. Lecturer gave an ill toroestilg account of thle geological and physical aspect of tihe South Soal Islands, tlheir formation andi liability to volcanio oruptions; aid other interestinug iteis. With respect to tlhe primitive coinditioln of the people hle explained tlhat the various types obsorvnable iu the natives waero in many respects different. In many natives the aspect of the African negro was ob servable, particularly with regard to the wooly hair, thick lips, and flat noses, while in others, the straight hair and fea tures of the Malay, were more prominent. One of the most interesting features of the lecture was a history of the Mission to these islands established by the Wes loyan Methodist body several years ago. There are now about 30,000 members of the Christian Church in the South Sea Islands. In the course of his lecture, Mr Daniels gave illustrations of 'the growth of coral rocks and reefs, of the methods adopted by the natives for erecting dwellings, of their means of cultivation, and catching fish, manufac turing cloth &c.; He also described the style of the canoe, used by the natives, some of which are capable of carrying 100 men. Judging from the lecturer's re. marks, the post office arrangments are very far from perfect. Mr Daniels was accorded a cordial vote of thanks at the conclusion of his lecture. Mr Summers, Mus. Bach., Inspector of Music for the Education Department, is now in Sale. In connection with his visit it may not be out of place to suggest that our worthy music master, Mr Blan chard, should give parents and guardians of children an exhibition of what his pupils can do in the way of singing. In other localities annual musical displays are given, and there is no reason why Sale should be behind hand in that respect. If any expense was incurred, it could be mot by charging a small admission fee. The idea is certainly worth consideration, and a notification of approval from the Board of Advice would probably be at tended to. A sad accident occurred near Flinn's Creek on Monday afternoon. A boy named Thomas Butterworth, 17 years of ago, was accidentally killed by another boy named Charles White. They were felling a bee-tree, and the axe slipped from White's hand, hitting Butterworth on the throat. Butterworth died in about five hours. The matter was reported by Senior-constable Keon, of Rosedale to a magistrate yesterday. The deceased boy was brought to Rosedale by the evening train. It was heart-rending to hear the cries of the bereaved mother on the arri- val of the train at Rosedale. The unfor- tunate woman was almost in a frantic state, and the assistance of two men was required to keep her still. It appeared she had come to the station to meet her son, not knowing he was dead, and by some means or other she heard of her loss. Her cries then became painful to hear, and with the intention of pacifying her, she was told that the lad was all right. She was then quieter, until calling her son, and receiving no answer she again became excited. A more painful sight is seldom witnessed. Yesterday was one of the most uncom fortable days we have had for some time. Thoe atmosphere was thick and heavy with smoke, and from telegrams received from Wilson's Promontory, and the Lakes' Entrance, we learn that cloudy and smoky atmosphere prevailed. It almost seemed as if the town of Sale was tile centre of a circle of bush- fires, but we learn that with the exception of the grass and fences being destroyed to a considerable extent at the Tanjil, the immediate neighbour hood of the town was comparatively free from fires. The weight of the atmosphere had a great deal to do with causing the smoke to hang about. We have been in formed that Mr M'Lean's station, at Paisley, has suffered considerably from buash-fires. Mr J. G. Peers the Mining -Registrar states that he has reason to believe that a very valuable find of quartz ;has. been discovered near the Ironbark Creek, which forms a junction with the Tambo River. The ground in the locality of the find is very wet, the sinking being about 8ft. The sinking-is middling coarse, and goes from 2 grains to a joz. to the dish.' The gold is obtained by puddling and by sluic in the bed of the crook. The locality is about five miles from the bed of an old working called Stewart's Creek. The Tambo River is up stream. Mr Garrett, the prospector, has registered a claim 600 by 180 yards, and it is to be hoped that his enterprise may moot with success, and still more is it tobo hoped that employment may be found for numbers of men... We (Daily Teleraccph) look upon Gippsland as the goldfiold of the future. We have received the current number of the Illustrated Australian News, which is an exceedingly good one. " St. Valentine's Day," "Disastrous fire in the Strathbogie Ranges" " Off to the Squadron" and "Cold Springs, White Terrace, Rotomsahana-N. Z." are the principal illustrations, and there is an excellent portrait of Mr RI Murray Smith in addition to " Street Sketches" and other subjects. Altogether the number is a very suitable one to send to friends in the old country. At the Sale Police Court yesterday, be fore the Mayor, and Mr J. Little, J.P., R. R. Duke, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Raymond street, on Monday evening. As he had not boon before the court during the last two years, and had been locked up all night, ho was cautioned and discharged. The adjourned friendly suit, D. R. M'PPhail v. F. Cox, to establilsh the owner ship of a cow, was heard. -C. T. Lucas deposed that he assisted Mr Cox to drive tell cows from Messrs R. Outhridgo and Co's yards on the 1st October, and that before the cattle had been driven far, Mr Cox noticed that a cow lhad MIr ?'Phaill's brand-Mr John Hiamn, of Rosodale, stated that previous to October last, hle purchased 17 head of cows from Messrs 0\. Mackintosh and Co., at Rosedale. They were stated to belong to Mr O. Marriage, and the brand given was a triangle on the near rump on all of them. Five were sold by him, at Matfra, in Soptomber last, and ten wore sent to Messrs I. Guthridge and Co's, at Sale, and were sold to MLr Cox. The other two were still in hIis possession. Mr Hiam expressed a wish to have an oppor tunity afforded him of identifying the cow. He had no doubt from the descrip tion that it was one of the lot he pur chased from Messrs Mackintosh and Co., and which wore entered for sale by IMr Marriage. The case was further ad. journed until Tuesday next. At the Toongabbio Police Court on Tuesday, before A . W. Howitt, Esq., P.M., and J. Bunstine, Esq., J.P., George Slkales was fined 40s for leaving a fire he hlad used in the open air on the 26th Dec. ?Last. The principal witness against him was James Rogers, who, by the irony of fate, was fslleod £5, for setting fire to somo grass and thlistles on 16th inst.. A famnily squabblo, in which W. U. Whlite and lsa wife's step-father woro interested, re sulted in the step-father being exonerated for a wilful trespass oni White's domestic hearth, and W. G. being bound in his own rocoguisanco of £25 to keep the peace for six moniths towards his step-father other. wiso Mr Jso. A. Harris and all Her Ma jesty's subjects. Messra Englishl, Peck, and Co. have several properties in various localities for sale. iIr D. Lamb, late of D)aniliiquhi, anusmices elsewhere that hie has acquired possessioni of the Criterion Hiotel, Sale, andl soeeks ut fair share of publio support. By an advecrtisemenit in our columinis it will lee eone thiat . Coloo amid Cu, whIeoesale grocero, hIaoe purchased tilhe busiless lately curried eo h,y Vin. Ritchio and Co, at Vietorie ILouso, and tue stock, at a coslderablo dlscount o0 cost prices, and now offer the me, as well as several now lending lines coing to hand, at very low prices. Messrs Colo and Co. took possession on eIonday last, and o doubt they will merit a fair share of the pub c patronage. 