NEWS IN BRIEF. A private telegram was received in Perth from Geraldton on Monday convey ing the welcome intelligence that there had been an abundant fall of rain at the most distant stations on the Gascoyne, and that in many places where the channel of the stream narrows the water was bank high. An inquest was held at Kelmscott, near Narrogin, on Thursday, 23rd inst., before the coroner, Mr. G. W. Leake, to inquire into the death of William Allen, a fanner living at Carradine. From the evidence of the witnesses examined it appeared that on the previous morning the deceased left his farm with a load of red gum for Mr. Bradford, of Perth; he stopped at Marsh's homestead at Paradise and partook of some wine. On arrival at Narrogin he asked Mr. Saw for a glass of brandy, but he refused to serve him, telling him he considered it would be dangerous, as he had a team with him. He started for Perth, and was followed by two other teams, one of which was driven by Thomas Book; when about sixteen miles from Perth Rook saw the deceased attempt to jump on the shafts; he supped, and fell under the wheels, which passed over his body. Death was almost instantaneous. The body was removed to Mr. Fancote's and notice sent in to the police. The jury, consisting of Messrs. Patrick Cronin, Thomas Buckingham, and Charles Fancote, returned a verdict of accidental death. A good deal has of late been said and written as to the existence or non-existence of the Beaver Reef. In the face of Lieut. Dixon, of the 'Meda,' having reported that in bis opinion the Beaver Reef did not exist, Captain H. O'Grady, of the Amur, announces that upon one occasion, while master of the Macquarie, he was with in a hundred yards of the reefs wash. Perhaps Captain O'Grady would, if invited, accompany the officers of the Meda upon a short cruise for the purpose of pointing out the actual position of the reef. The Rifle Band will play the following programme in the Public Gardens on Fri- day evening next, commencing at 8 o'clock : — March, Mother Says I Musn't, Basquit; quadrille, Cambria, Wright; vaise, Olive Branch, Heath ; polka, Volun- teer, Wassmann; schottische, Queen of Scots, Metcalfe; mazurka, Elizabeth, Oertel; galop, Jolly Brothers, Budik; God Save the Queen! Flour is selling at 36s. per bag and wheat is at 8s. 6d. per bushel, in York. Dissatisfaction has been expressed in many quarters of late at the Government giving employment to superannuated Im- perial officers and strangers from abroad, instead of promoting well-tried servants. The Survey Department was at one time the only refuge the Government had for favorites in want of employment, but of late the departments of the Public Service generally have assumed, in point of members, an extent they have never previously attained. One sees strangers arrive here — relatives, perhaps, of old friends (?) — and billets readily found for persons who are already well provided for. Let our legislators take a note of this, and also keep in view the suggestions we have so often thrown out anent Civil Service ex- aminations for all Government appoint- ments. By the Macedon, which will be due at Fremantle on Saturday, Mr. Hassell is importing two thoroughbred horses. One of these — 'Narribri' — ran sixth in the last Australian Cap, beating 'Suwarrow' and a good many other cracks. Upon arrival 'Narribri' will be placed in training, and no doubt will prove a formidable opponent at the April meeting. Jones, the Melbourne jockey, will take him under his care upon arrivaL For the sake of those who are bereaved by the death of Mr. Charles Searle we hasten to refute the statement made by our bi-weekly contemporary, viz., that Mr. Charles Searle died from the effects of excessive drinking, and that he was buried at the public expense. We are in a posi- tion to state, upon the authority of a gentleman who was with Mr. Searle when he breathed his last, that, he died from exhaustion, caused by an apopletic fit, with which he was seized while at his work, book-keeping, and that some members of the Oddfellows Society buried him. the funeral being attended by a large number of resi- dents and friends. Large quantities of sandalwood have arrived from the various districts during the past week. The yards and warehouses by the river-side now present a busy ap pearance in the preparation of the wood for shipment. Early on Monday morning a large mob of horses passed through the city on their way to Fremantle for shipment to Singa- pore. The animals could not be said to be in good condition ; the dry season we have experienced, and the scarcity of bush feed, having apparently told severely upon them. The old bridge over Hester's Brook, at Bridgetown, recently sustained severe damages through a bush-fire. The struc- ture is not altogether impassable, but extensive repairs are necessary. The unfortunate withdrawal of the Rob Roy from the coastal trade is a loss that will, we fear, materially injure the North- West trade for some months to come. The Rob was looked upon as a favorite by all who had voyaged in her, and the public at large regret, consequently, her sudden disappear ance ; at the same time it is gratifying to learn that no blame is attached to her popular commander, England, or indeed to anybody concerned, respecting her mishap. From the latest information to hand wo understand that the ill-fated stuuncr, although shattered so severely as to become quite unfit for service in these waters, could, with a little ooHay, be made a serviceable vessel for faaJing «mnng the islands off the North coast daring favourable seasons. Capt. O'Grady, of the barqne Amnr, has kindly presented us with a turtle, one of several he captured when his vessel was lying off the Lacepede Islands. It weighs between 200 and 300 pounds, and appears to be in excellent condition, considering the length of time that has elapsed since its capture. One would think there was a good opening for turtle preserving on oar North coast. Mr. Craig, a passenger from Port Wal- cott by the Otway, has brought with him some specimens, supposed to be gold, which were found by Mr. McBae on the old Marsh Road between Cossack and Roe- bourne. One of the specimens is supposed to contain as much as nine pennyweights of the precious metal. A lad named Wallis Sharpe, a passenger by the cutter Louisa, from Cossack, fell overboard when the vessel was about fifty miles from Rottnest, and was drowned. The body was not recovered. We have been requested to draw the attention of oar readers to the announce ment in another column notifying that a seance will be held on the Queen's Plate, at the United Service Hotel, on the evening of the 8th proximo. We have much pleasure in drawing the attention of oar readers to an announce- ment contained in another column having reference to a cure recently effected by Professor Mitchell, oculist, in operating upon Mr. Pickersgill, of Bunbury, who was For four years almost totally blind. The Professor continues to have daily accessions to his already large number of patients. some of whom are closely bordering upon positive blindness, and who, but for the opportunity thos afforded them of recover ing their sight, would probably have passed ihe remainder of their days in that condi tion. Two American gentlemen, Messrs. Rich- ards and Hawley, who have commenced business in Hay Street in he fancy goods line, in the store formerly occupied by Mr. Santifaller, have already secured a very large amount of public patronage. Our readers will observe by our advertising columns that the present stock of jewellery and fancy goods of various descriptions is about to be considerably augmented by a fresh consignment per Macedon, which will be due at Fremantle from Adelaide in the course of a few days. We have been requested to draw the attention of the public to the announce- ment by placard that a re-union Ball will be held in the Perth Working Men's Institute to-morrow evening. The services of the City Band have been secured for the occasion. Three of the Corporation laborers have been engaged daring the past week in repairing the footpaths in various places along St. George's Terrace. The dry nature of the material used necessitates a liberal use of the hand-roller, to which the laborers hitch themselves 'unicorn' fashion, much to the delight of the 'small boys.' The additional police accommodation at Roebourne, for which the Government are now calling for tenders, is a work that is sadly needed. The present building, one would imagine, ie hardly suited to its requirements. From letters we have received from Roebourne we learn that a short time since the confinees of the lock-up managed to procure sufficient drink to put them in a very merry mood. Their dis- orderly conduct was the means of their receiving an additional three days. From Roebourne we hear that the 'heathen Chinee' are giving their em ployers no end of trouble, by breaking their agreements. Wong Ah Law, Ah Hong, and Ah Kelt, employed by Mr. D. W. McLeod, were recently sentenced to a month's imprisonment each for deserting their employment. Henry M'Caffrey, alias 'Dongarra,' a well-known character at Cossack, was late- ly sentenced to three months for larrikin- ism. Mr. Farquhar McRae, of Roebourne, a short time since essayed the role of a 'knight of the hammer ' — without a license, however, for which he was mulched in the sum of £5. An exemplification of the 'majesty of the law triumphantly vindicated ' occurred a few days ago at Boebourne. Mr. Jas. Coppin, who was the cause of same bad behaviour in the lockup, through his hav ing supplied the inmates with drink, paid a penalty of £5, and a like amount for sup plying natives. The natives in the Roebourne district have again become troublesome, stealing cattle and committing other depredations. Several of them have lately been sentenced to various terms of imprisonment. Mr. and Mrs. Mark Banks, two old and widely respected citizens, take their depar- ture in the s.s. Lamington, for London, in the course of a few days. We wish them a pleasant voyage and a happy well-earned respite from labor in their new home. By hard work and frugal living they have secured a small competency during a sojourn in this country for upwards of twenty years — affording an excellent example to others. A miserable, yet vicious, old creature, named Joseph Fox, who is partially paralysed, and believed to be of unsound mind, committed a shocking outrage upon two of his sons, aged eighteen and fourteen years, respectively, last Saturday morning. It appears that Fox rose somewhat earlier than usual on the morning of the occur- rence, lighted the fire, and having filled a coffee pot with water placed it on the fire to boil. He afterwards carried the pot containing the boiling water into an adjoin- ing room, where his two sons were asleep, and upon them he poured the contents, scalding the unfortunate lads on the face, breast, and arms, in a most severe manner. Fox then left the house and jumped down the well ; the boys in the meantime rushed to a neighbor's close by, and had their sores dressed. The elder lad, who was the more injured of the two, was subsequently removed to the Hospital, where he now lies in a precarious condition. The father is in custody, and was charged before the Police Magistrate yesterday and remanded for the purpose of medical examination. We learn that the Guildford Rifles are unable to pay their contemplated visit to the city, to have a moonlight parade with the Metropolitan Rifles, this evening, owing to the Railway Department being unable to place a 'special' at their service. Complaints reach us from nautical men who trade on the North-west coast of a lack of courtesy evinced by the commander of the Revenue cutter in the discharge of his public duties. Upon a recent occasion a vessel called in at the Lacepede Islands. A man named Kelly is stationed there in charge, under the direction of the Bevenue officer. The vessel in question, it is stated, arrived at the islands just in time to save Kelly's life, as his water tank had all but run out, the Sevenue vessel not having' made her usual visits to him. The captain of the barque gave Kelly all the waiter he could spare, and promised to deliver a message to the Revenue officer respecting his condi tion. The barque left the islands, and shortly afterwards passed the Bevenue cut ter close to Cossick, and plthough the Captain hailed her to ' close,' and signal led ' Message of importance,' &c;, no re ply was made or the least notice taken — not a stitch of bunting being shown save a pennant, signifying her dignity above that of all other boats on the wide ocean. Weather in the North-Eastern Interior. — The local paper at Geraldton gives the following paragraph in its last issue : — 'A settler — Mr. James Aitken — came into town on Saturday hist and brings tidings of a satisfactory rainfall in the upper Murchison district. A heavy thunder storm passed over Messrs. Campbell and Smith's Beeriogarra runs on March 3, the downpour being very heavy, and apparently pretty general. At Morgoo, on March h, rain was falling steadily, continuing for 24 hours, and extending to within one hundred miles of Geraldton. Between Murgoo and Yuin the pools were all full, and feed was everywhere springing up. Messrs. Lacy's and Mr. Little's was also visited with welcome rain, and it was thought sufficient had fallen to ensure a good lambing season.' We learn also that the Murchison had run, and that the flood- waters had reached as far as the Ton-mile Pool ; the settJers on The Upper Greenough — farther to the Southward — were also expecting that river to flo-v, through the recent thunduru'iorins. 