NEWS IN BfilEjF. Speoially collated -and epitomised lor 11 The Weekly Times.'). Large bush-fires are raging in the Swan Hill district. The General Financial Bank of London has failed. Northern Queensland has been visited by a tremendous cyclone. Dr. Warren, the resident surgeon of the Geelong Hospital, has resigned. Large bushfires are reported as raging in the North Strathbogie district. Small-pox is now considered to have been virtually stamped out of Sydney. Four dogs were killed on Thursday by poison laid down in Collins street. Tbe first section of tbe Mudgee railway is expected to be completed in March, Hanlan and Trickett will shortly row a match on the Thames for £200 a-side. Sir Michael Costa, the celebrated musical composer and conductor, is serionsly ill. Six persons lost their lives by a recent ex plosion at Pontypool, in Monmouthshire. The death is reported of Berthold Auerbach, the German novelist, at the age of seventy. Mr. Thomas Hardy, of Adelaide, is con structing the largest wine cellars in Aus- | tralia. I OIAM WAVM IkAM All AM t-ltHAnAllAnt (IMAAMM oiicauy nuu uiu umicu iiiuuuguuuit \gueuun- land, and in some districts it has rained heavily. Gambetta, the French statesman, wears a glass eye, having lost one of bis eyes some years ago. Shaw's team of English cricketers arrived at Sydney from New Zealand on Saturday morning, 1 | The reported murder of The Times1 special | correspondent by the Arnauts in Albania is | contradicted. j The Earl of Wilton, one of the oldest I peers in the House of Lords, is reported to be seriously ill. uastiemaine nas presented an address to tbe Yen. Archdeacon Crawford, who is about to visit Europe. Mr. Francis Ormond has forwarded a cheque for £50 for the funds of the Ballarat School of Mines. A new Caliph has been proclaimed by tbe insurgents at Yenen, one of the principal divisions of Arabia. ! A man named Kennedy was killed on Mon- 1 day night in Kent street, Sydney, by being ! run over by a dray. Another case of small-pox has occured at the quarantine station ; George Cook, a male nnrse, being the sufferer, A woman named Margaret Penberthy was found smothered in a sludge channel at Sand hurst on Sunday morning. The general result of the polling on local j option in New South Wales continues adverse to any increase of licences. The Marquis and Lady Norm&nby; will not return from their visit to the Western district until the 25tli inst. j At Upper Maffra recently, a child two years old was bitten and trampled to death by | a viciou3 colt. I j The takings of the 832 hotels in Sydney | | between 11 and 12 o'clock each night are j estimated at £340,000 per annum. ! I Mr. Cosmo Newbery has reported that there is no immediate danger from the ex- | plosives on hoard the hulk Empire. | Rain is reported to have fallen in all parts of Queensland, in many districts so heavily | as to have caused numerous floods. | Upwards of a hundred pigs have died recently in the Bendigo district from an un- known disease resembling diphtheria. Mr. Francis Redding, of the Education Department, has been appointed assistant | secretary to the Education Commission. A wool-presser, named John Nolan, was drowned on Friday, whilst attempting to cross tbe Springsure Creek, Queensland. | On Christmas Day, on the steamer Rome, the juvenile passengers had snowballs made in the freezing chamber of the ship, j Fifty-eight cases of smuggled spirits were | seized on Monday by tbe Customs officials at a Umnese store in Rercydale, near Avoca. I Should the dry weather continue much longer, some of the towns in the northern | districts will be altogether without water. lecd water is supplied by the New South I Wales Railway Department to the passengers of all trains leaving or arriving at Sydney. A company is being formed in London for introducing the electric light into Australia, with tbe Duke of Manchester as chairman. | Mr. George Kirk, tbe well-known stock and station agent, died at bis South Yarra- j residence on Monday, aged sixty-one years. . A motion for granting Home Rule to Ireland was rejected in tbe House of Com-- mons on Thursday week by a large majority. Alad named Richard Corn wall was drowned I on Friday evening whilst bathing with other boys in the Bristol Hall dam at Maryborough. At Marrackville on Tuesday, a carpenter named James Atkinson fell from a building and fractured his skull, dying in a few hours. ! The Adelaide Racing Club have revised! their programme ; 1,000 guineas are to be added to the Cup, and there are to be no entrance fees. Owing to the success of the Siemene's electrical railway it is now proposed to erect an elevated raiiw&v; of the kind in some nari of PariB. ' I A Brussels telegram states that an explosion of gas recently occurred at the Cockerell colliery, causing the death of sixty-six miners. The recent bush.fires in the Swanpool I district are believed to be the act of some un- known incendiary ; twelve fires breaking ont j in one day. j It is proposed to tunnel the Pyrenees to provide direct railway communication between i France and Spain, each country bearing half the expense. Owing to some dispute, the Yiotorian intercolonial team did not attend tbe banquet of the Sydney Cricket Association on Wed nesday evening. In the approaching municipal election for Bathurst, the local temperance societies in tend contesting each ward on the principle of local option. 1 ' Te Sultan of Turkey has ordered his Suzerain, the Khedive of Egypt, to observe' his foreign treaties and to maintain order in his territory. A provisional government has (been 1 established in Herzegovina by the insurgents, who have captured and fortified several of the frontier towns. An English woodman, at Hexham, has become heir to a fortune of a quarter of a million sterling, which has been in Chancery for 138 years. The Adelaide Horticultural .Society is collecting information respecting the codlin moth, the introduction of which into the colony is feared. The British Government has not pro tested, as reported, nor taken any other action, against the new treaty between Russia and Persia. Daring the absence on sick leave of Mr. Shillinglaw, the duties of secretary to the Central Board of Health will be performed by Mr. Le Capelain. A married woman, named Thlrza Pogo- nowsk, poisoned herself with strychnine at Sydney on Friday week, dying before medical aid could be obtained. Laycock, the sculler, has taken his passage by the Liguria for England, to assist in training lncnett for his coming match on the Thames with Hanlan. Large drapery premises were burned down at Napier, N.Z., on Saturday, tbe fire being caused by an explosion of gas, and the loss is estimated at £15,000. The second daughter of Sir William Jervois, Governor of South Australia, was married at Adelaide on Tuesday morning to the Rev. W. Cast, Anglican minister. The New Sonth Wales intercolonial team have made the highest cricketing score on record, 775; of which Murdoch made 321, j Garret 163, and Jones 109, A lad at Adelong has carved with |his pocket-knife a miniature bullock-dray, so . complete and neatly made as to be deemed worthy of public exhibition. Latest advices from Austria announce the rapid extension of the revolt in the Dannbian Provinces, and that the frontier population of Montenegro are also rising. The Chief Secretary has stopped the Sunday spiritualistic services at the Opera- house, by threatening to withdraw the license if the services were continued. | The head board of the Sobraon has - been | found on tbe Portland beach, but the agents I think the ship is safe, and that the board has become detached in a rough sea. j Mr. Jackson, Deputy Postmaster- General, 1 has gone to Sydney, on a three weeks' leave of absence, his duties being performed mean while by Mr. M' Go wan, chief inspector. Lord Algernon Percy, second son of the I Duke of Northumberland, has been elected without opposition to ifepresent the City of Westminster in the House of Commons. Herat, the Afghan city, has revolted against the rale of Abdul Rahman, the reigning Ameer, who has despatched troops from Cabul to suppress the insurrection. The Roman Catholic bishop of Sandhurst, Dr. Crane, has been presented with an address and 1,000 sovereigns, on the occasion of his leaving to visit the Pope at Rome. A l, recently- discharged lunatic was shot dead with a revolver by tbe manager whilst attempting to break into a store on Saturday morning at Major's Creek, New South Wales. The frozen meat shipped in the Cuzco, now selling in the London market, and reported as of inferior quality, was shipped by tbe Orange Slaughtering Company of New South Wales. | A boy named Willie Balderley was drowned at Swan Hill on Sunday whilst bathing in the Little Murray. In recovering the body the bones of . a man were found, who was | drowned some years ago near the same spot. | The condition of Ireland continues as disturbed as ever, and numerous arrests are j continually being made, illegal drilling being carried on to a great extent in the south and west. i A trackman named Peter Wilson, aced thirty-nine years, was fatally crushed between two buffers at Sandridge on Friday, dying shortly after reaching the Melbourne Hos pital. Mr. Dillwyn, member for Swansea, has given notice of a motion in the House of Commons adverse to the annexation of Borneo unless .with the consent of Parlia ment. A woman named Mazy Scott died on Saturday at Sandhurst from injuries sus tained by one of the ribs of her corset i piercing the stomaoh on her stooping sud- I denly. An elderly man, named Michael Lee, was | sentenced to three years' imprisonment at the Sydney Criminal Sessions on Monday, for setting fire to tbe house of his son-in-law, at Glebe. Burmah has a population of 10,000, includ ing, according to the recent census returns, 698 tattooera, 1 poet, 1 dog-poisoner, 41 idol- makers, 26 swindlers and cock-fighters, and 16 wizards. | Serious riots have occurred in Jerusalem, | owing to sOine Arabs having wantonly dese- | orated the holy places. The disturbances were ultimately quelled by the Turkish j authorities. , On Friday week, .the house of Mr. Teague, butcher, of Ray wood, caught fire and was | burnt to the ground, and Mrs. Teague was so severely burned that she died shortly after being rescued. \- The Australian Electric Company hav® been entrusted by the Tasmanian Govern ment with supplying a complete torpedo equipment, with all the necessary electrical I apparatus. A child, two and a half years old, strayed from its home.recently at Mile Point Creek, N.S.W., and, after a day and a half's search, < | was found twelve miles from home up in a hollow log. A woman named Fornieux has been arrested at Birmingham on a charge of 1 obtaining £20$00 by fraud and forgery. She '-if ib stated to have personated Lord Arthur Pelham Clinton. \- Experts have reported favourably of a new copper discoveries at Jamestown, in he Northern area, whioh are considered likely lead to tbe establishment of a large arid- ductiveindustry. The premises of Mr. Henry, draper, of Clarendon street, Emerald Hill, were entered by burglars daring the night of the 8th inst., and £60 in notes and gold and a cheque for £7 13s. were Btoleu. The Stock Department has been removed to the second floor of the public offices, in the j rooms formerly occupied by the Department' of Agriculture, transferred to the first floor of tbe public offices. The relations between Russia and Austria and Germany are becoming jve zy much strained, owing to Russian encouragement given to the insurgents of the revolted Danubian provinces. The British Government have supplied the North Borneo Trading Company with fifteen twelve-ponnder howitzers and 150 tons of warlike stores, for which the company have arranged to pay. The steam-yacht Helen went ashore Thursday week on the rocks on the Sonth Aus tralian coast, near the scene of the wreck of the Admella. No lives were lost, bat the yacht is a total wreck. New Zealand files state that Wellington VfA rt « n A J m mm 1«4 Yam ama AIaa was Tisucu uu tuu J-HU wet. uy uae 01 most violent shocks of earthquake ex perienced for years ; the shock was felt over a large area of coantry. The centrifugal pumps lent by the Water Supply Department to the shire councils are rendering valuable aid in mitigating the rigours of tbe water famine in the districts where they are at work. Mr. Hunt, the late Ghief Secretary at Samoa, has issued a writ claiming £8,000 as damages from High-Commissioner Gordon, for illegal arrest and false imprisonment on board H.M.S. Cormorant. The Mudgee inspector of nnis&nces.; in a letter to the council, remarked that his bye- laws resembled the council, as they wanted revising badly. The mayor at once sus pended the daring official. v The School Inspectors' Conference have re ported against the admission of children to tate schools nnder four and a half years of age ; but the Minister, does not contemplate taking any action at present. Mr. Yonng, Minister of Agriculture, has suspended Mr. Wallis, the departmental secretary, owing to a dispute in reference to granting compensation to vignerons under the Vine Diseases Eradication Act. At the Sydney Rowing Clnb shed on Satur day, Mr. P. De Mestre cut his hand severely with the window pane, tearing the sinews and severing an artery, so that it is thought he will lose the use of two fingers. A tailor's apprentice, aged fonrieen, was dangerously stabbed with a pocket-knife in the ribs by a boy unknown, when interfering amongst a crowd of boys on Friday to pre vent a companion being thrashed. A watch, some jewellery, a considerable sum of money, and some clothes were stolen from the cabin of Lieutenant Novarowsky,on the Afrika, on Monday, presumably by two Russian seamen who have deserted. A Chinaman was discovered dead in his hut near Dunolly on Sunday, haying died about five days previously and. when found the bull-ants had eaten off all the flesh on the head and face down to the chest. In the Thargomindah district, Queensland, there have been the heaviest floods that have occurred for the last ten years. Some of the mailmen were three days without food, and others had to spend the night up trees. A- large quantify, of jewellery, chiefly watches and brooches, were found recently in the neighbourhood of Jingera, N.S.W., supposed to be the proceeds of a robber y committed by the Clarke b&ndof; budirangers many years ago. Mr. Gladstone, whilst deploring the perse cution of the Jews in Southern Russia, in formed the House of Commons on Thursday that the question being an internal one, the British Government could not interfere. Despite the convention, the Boers have DAmmennan Wra.1 : nnoitief UTAnfLvmn m maCm wuiiuquwqu nwa ogaiuoi axyuiuiiuni| » AU» 1TO chief, who succeeded in beating off hiB assailants, notwithstanding the attacking party being supported with three guns. A young man named William Kerrigan was thrown from his horee in Bridport street, Emerald Hill, on Friday week, and sustained concussion of the brain, from which his recovery is considered doubtful. On Friday eleven of the remaining passen gers by the Garonne were released from quarantine, leaving only the four small-pox patients now detained at the station, and these are reported as progressing favourably. At Vienna 659,000florins have been sub scribed to relieve tbe families of the victims of the Ring Theatre catasfcrophe, and the number of persons who have offered to adopt the orphans exceeds that of the chRdren flpi. selves. Aswagman committed snicide on Friday at a sheepwash dam near Charlton by fmngwig himself by a strip of calico to the soaffolding of the pump, " Thomas Fox" was found written in penal on a handbill in one of his pockets. The Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of South Australia recommend the Government not to nav Unv subsidv to Victoria for the eradication of tbe phylloxera unles8 more efficient means are adopted to eradicate the pest. / -. < The .existence of the new shoal in the South Channel of the Bay is attributed' to an accumulation of Sand about the fluke of an old anchor. A diver will be sent down to inspect, prior to an attempt at removal fly dynamite. The new phosphorising machines are said to be working well, and the rabbits, owingtb the scarcity of feed, are eating thepoiseued grain freely and perishing in numbers. The profitable trade in rabbit-skins is also fargtiy extending. According .to the published sworn Victorian Bank returns, for thfe qaarteKnfiing 31st December last, the total deposits amount to , . \ .'/-vj r £31,161,09; tba total -.-..JfeMUfti to' £22,902 j()16 ; and the total assets to £27,l%8fi7v A public meeting at NewoaBtle on Friday week protested by resolution against the fee of 7« a tnonth charged to scholars in the fifthal&Bsofthe; public schools, and requested the New South Wales Minister of Education to abolish the fees. Mr. -Thurlow, under-sheriff and clerk of petty sessions at the Sydney Central Police Gourt, committed suicide on Friday by taking poison. No reason, other than temporary insanity, can be assigned, the deceased bein in good circumstances. « I An overflowing exchequer will enable the Victorian Treasurer to purchase back the outstanding baiauce of the 5 per cent. Treasury bondB issued by the Berry Govern ment, and thus save a few thousands to the revenue in the shape of interest. The Queen will leave England early in March to viBit Mentone, aFrench town on the Mediterranean, her medical advisers „ having ordered the change for the benefit of Her Majesty's health. The Princess Beatrice will be the Queen's companion. j At the quarterly meeting of the Melbourne Gity Council, the Mayor said that if the magistrates continued to let off the larrikins who destroyed the trees with a nominal punishment, planting the streets would have to be abandoned. A trarann loaded with coods for Ballan and Blackwood caught fire on Thursday evening near Keilor road, and the driver, not being near water, could only save his horses. The damage is estimated at £300. Matches in the loading are supposed to have caused the fire. The most disastrous fire that ever occurred at Eobuoa broke out on Monday night, totally destroying a block of eight buildings in Watson street, causing immense damage to property. The premises are stated to have been insured, but not the effects of the occu piers. ! A prisoner at Hastings, with 'a view to MMnpinrr his lihorfcc nrnfaafloA fc« hftVA fioon bitten by a mad cat, and snapped and bit savagely at the constables, but -the prison doctor applied a powerful electric battery, and the man soon proclaimed both his sanity and the device. A labourer named David Anderson, aged thirty years, employed with others in re moving some heavy logs at the Australian Wharf on Friday, was fatally crushed by a three-ton log tilting over suddenly, and died the same day under treatment at the Melbourne Hospital. A New Zealand volunteer was accidentally hot at the Wanganni rifle butts on the 1st February through venturing in front of the target just as the shot was fired, the bullet entering behind the right ear, and making its exit over the right teknple, carrying away a portion oi toe Dram. Mrs. Hamilton, the wife of a settler at Cootamnndra, N.S W., drowned herself in an adjacent dam on Friday week havingpreviously attempted to cut her throat. On the same night the bodies of Mrs. Jamieson and her youngest child were found drowned in a tank in the same locality. A resident of the Paterson, named James White, wasleading hishorseby thereins thrown over hfa arm, whilst occbpied in cutting-up tobacco with a knife, when the horse gave a jerk, causing the knife to penetrate White's neck, inflicting a wound from which he died in the Maitland Hospital. Cablegrams lodged in the London office at 5 a.m. should reach Melbourne between 8 and 10 o'clock the same evening ; latterly, however, there has been a much longer delay than necessary, and complaints having ; been made, the Postmaster-General has j undertaken to make inquiry. ! Mr. Fitzwilliam Wentworth became the 1 urchaser of the estate of Burrabogie on < riday for £440,000. The property, which j was sold by auotion, comprises 226,770 acres j freehold, 92,000 acres pre-emptive leases, j 17,000 acres pastoral leases, with 138,889 j sheep and cattle and horses. j A new detonating composition, termed I "dynamoge," has been invented by an j English engineer, having an initial velocity j when fired from a rifle of 353 6 metres, as com- \ pared with the 302-2 metres of gunpowder. 1 xne new compustnuu piuuuces very mcie flash and smoke, and does not fonl or heat the .barrel. Bain has fallen in the Upper Darling and New England dietricts, and also at Wilcannia, with every appearance of a continuance. At Bourke the Darling is 10ft. deep, and at Loath 16ft., and is soon expected to be navi gable at Wilcannia, where 8,700 bales of wool are lying, awaiting shipment to Mel bourne and Adelaide. The Mount Browne diggings were reported last week as being in a deplorable state for want of rain. At . Lake Gobham fifty horses were lying dead around the lake, the thick poisonous water not being drinkable. The mail horses have to run -a ninety-mile stage .without water, and unless rain falls the cattle of the district must perish wholesale. iateb items. The reported revolt at Herat has been contradicted. mere are now over ou,uw nags or wneat stacked at Dimboola. , Another seizure of fifty cases of smuggled ' spirits has been made at a Chinese store near Avoca. t An American pirated edition of the En cyclopedia Britamica is being sold in Victoria. The New South Wales Savings Banks' returns for 1881 show an increase of £237,841 over those of the previous year. It is expected that the work of destroying the phylloxera diseased vines in the Geelong district will be finished in about six weeks. The health-officer reports that everything fa going on well at the quarantine-station, and that there are no fresh oases of small pox. - The bosh fires in the district around Sale are stated to be assuming alarming propor tions, destroying grass and fencing whole- sale, The Government propose to bring in a bill next session to restrict, if not to plrobibit, the importation of dangerous explosives into the colony. The Government have offered a reward of £200 for the discovery of the murder Con nected with the headless trunk found near Stawell. Colonel BrooeHattoh has been appointed commandant of the Volunteer Force, to hold the office until some permanent arrangement is made. A destructive bush-fire is reported as raging close to the township of Wedderburh, the dense smoke and dust being described as most appalling. Mr. Bennick has forwarded a series of charges, eleven in number, against Mr. B. G. Ford, railway -engineer of construction, for inquiry by the board. It is intended to light the Suez Canal with electricity, no that ships may pass through it ! at night in place of having to come to an ' anchor, as at present. The horses of two jockeys collided -at the Mtrong races on Wednesday, and both the unfortunate riders were killed. Their names were John Purves and Joseph Eade. The B.M.S. Rosetta, which brought out the last Suez mails, left the Bay on Thursday with the Australian Mails in place of the Mirzapore, which is still in quarantine. ' The Government of New South Wales suggests to the Victorian Government that the small pox quarantine should be extended tn h\'Pn f;u - nn p Hava In tiTopd nf Innrfnnn _ The two Eu8sian sailors who stole the watches, jewellery, clothes, and money from the Afrika, and then deserted, have been arrested at Sale, and remanded to Mel bourne. The Chief Inspector of Sheep in. South Australia reports the health of the flocks as being satisfactory ; that no scab has appeared, and that fluke is not so prevalent as in previous seasons. Infernal machines have been exploded in i two houses in Edinburgh, injuring eight of the inmates, and considerably damaging pro perty. One of the Bnspected parties has been A silver star has been fixed in the floor of the station of the Baltimore and Potomac railway to mark the spot where President Garfield fell when shot by the assassin ; Guiteau. The English military authorities having protested against the proposed channel tunnel between Dover and Cabas as likely to endanger England's insular position, the Government are reconsidering the question. Sir Henry Parkes has addressed a mnnting of the New York Chamber of Commence ad vocating a revision of the wool duties, and so permanently increase the trade between the United States and the Australasian colonies. A lad nine years old, named George Mack, picked up a small dynamite cap in Little T.nvtnH AIM AM «» — 1— — 1 A. I AJl/UOUOiU Ollvv/« vil A IlUIBUOJf | ttUli Wiiuol picking at it with a pin, it exploded and blew away the tips of the lad's two fingers and a ( thumb. j Twenty years ago the number of works in j the Melbourne Public Library was 26,723, j and the attendance of readers 160,000 per j annum. Now the number of works exceeds 110,000, and the attendance reaches 300,000 annually. 'The London Mansion-Honse Fund for the relief of the persecuted Jews in Southern Russia now amounts to £50,000. Large numbers of Bnssian Jews are emigrating to America, and 3,000 have already arrived in New York. Lady Bective is organising a movement to induce society to nse materials made from I English- grown wools. The Times expresses ! the opinion in a leading article that no agi tation can make English wools supersede Australian. f The New Zealand Christchnrch Exhibition will be opened by the Governor on the 10th April, and the Mayor and Corporation have invited the British, French, German, and Buseian Pacific fleets to visit Ghfistchurch on the occasion. Three gentleman, all outside the public service and Parliament, have been invited by the Government to act as a board of inquiry with regard to the charges made against Mr. Walli s secretary for agriculture, whom the Minister has suspended. < xv rewaiu <ijl j&x;,zuu, ana a iree para on to j the accomplice giving information, is offered i for the perpetrators of the recent great jewel ! lobbery at Hatton Garden, London. Two : well-known criminals are supposed to be i implicated in the robbery. The evidence of experts in the tanning trade before the Tariff Commission goes to show that an immense loss is sustained by the colony through the hides being branded, and afterwards so cut and pnnotnred by slaughtermen as to be almost valueless. Spofforth's right arm, owing to want of recent practice, is so swollen and inflamed by his exertions in the intercolonial match, that it is stated he will be nnable to play in the combined team against the English eleven in the match which commenced - at Sydney yes terday. Mr. Michael Elliot, for many years the popular manager of the Bank of Australasia, was seized with an apoplectic fit at his Brighton residence on Wednesday night, and aiea in a few minutes. The deceased gentle man was fifty-three years of age, and leaves a widow and eight children. Another death from erysipelas contracted in the Melbourne Hospital came under the notice of the city coroner cn Thursday at an inquest held on a Brunswiek resident named Cook, who had his collar-bone broken by a runaway horse, was taken to the hospital for treatment, canght erysipelas and died. The theatre erected by Edwin Booth the actor, in New York, which cost him a million and a half, has been sold under foreclosure for 360,000 dollars, and will be converted into shops. The theatre was a model building, ! the performances first class, and the failure is said to have resulted from the building ; being situated a few squares distant from the ' regular theatre-going locality. The country journals who weekly favour us by appropriating The Weekly Times briefs wholesale and retail, without acknowledgment will perhaps kindly in future quote toe source rom whence their briefs are obtained. — Ed. 