FARMERS' ASSOCIATION. Central Committee. A meeting of the central committee of the Fanners' Association was held in the insti tute, Gladstone, on Saturday, February 4. There were present the president (Mr. J. Miller, J.P.) in the chair, Mr. G. Mugg (vice president), and Messrs. G. Inglis, J.P., Hirecb, W. J. Venning, Copley. G. M. . Growden, F. Growden, J. Tonkin and Coe. Correspondence was read as follows : — From the Chief Secretary, announcing that the Electoral Districts Bill wffl be introduced into Parliament early next session. FromG. B. White, of -the Farmers' Co-operative Society, complaining that the resolution of the central committee was passed without giving them an opportunity of explaining that their success would have been greater had they not been opposed from the first by the Farmers' Association, and stating that the weekly advices of the tendency and position of the wheat market had been of service to the whole body of agriculturists. — Mr. Mugg said that so far from opposing the co-operative agency, theyhad requested the branches to do all in then* power to sup port it, and read a minute to that effect passed at a meeting of the central com* mittee/held at Crystal Brook in October, 1880, Messrs. KrichaufE and Harry being present.— Mr. Copley, of Blackroek Plains, explained at length his views and those of the Orroroo branch on the question of land laws. He (the speaker) thought if they got good seasons no reform of the land laws was necessary.— Mr. Mugg could not agree to the latter proposition, _ The terms were not so liberal as in the neighboring colonies. Aud it was necessary that the cultivation clauses should be relaxed, in the North at all events. BalaklaTa .branch to be informed that the land laws will be considered at the annual meeting of delegates.— Mr. W. J. Venning contended that payments from the beginning of the tenancy should be counted towards principal, as & stimulus to the selector to go on with permanent improvements, tree plant* ing, &c; — Mr. Hirsca said the Government bad* nothing to gain by squeezing the last penny out of the selector. Prosperity could only be procured by a permanent settlement. — The President said remitting the whole of the interest for the last three years, was the least the case required. The Government must at least do as Tnvioh as this. — Mr. Inglis said that the cultivation clauses must be re laxed. — From J. Bobertson, sen., Warooka branch, declining to say whether.they were in favor of an annnal dinner or not, as the branch would have no delegate at the annual meeting. — B. H. Buchanan, Koolunga, was in favor of an »*nitm.i dinner if a member other than the chairman was eligible to attend meetings of the central committee. He asked whether the central committee had sanctioned the formation of the Laura Implement Company before consulting the branches. — Mr. Mugg moved that Messrs. Forsaitb be written to asking them to withdraw the intimation from their advertisements that the company was formed under the sanction of the central committee. — Mr. Copely seconded, and it was carried. From W. Barnes, Mount Bat Branch, opposing the annnal dinner, unless the delegates bear the expense themselves. From H. M. Smith, Melrose, regretting bis absence from all the meetings of the central committee through the year. He thought there must be exceptional legislation for the Starved out fanners in theNorthernhundreds. He believed the auction system was the cause of almost as much evil as bad seasons, and suggested that there should be an acknow ledgment by the Government of the claims which &b; inventors of the stamp- jumping implements (B. B. Smith andj. Scoble) have upon the community. A grant of 2,000 acres of scrub land would not be too much. — Mr. Yenning had seen with much regret, while travelling on the Peninsula, the vast tracts of land which had been recently sold for cash, and now sold at an advance by the speculators. He moved that the central committee concur in the recommendation of the Boyal Agricultural Society that a reward be given to the inventors in land or money. Mr. Hirsch seconded, and it was carried. — From J. G. Boling, forwarding lengthy cor respondence- on red rust. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr . Boling, and the Areas Express was requested to publish the corre spondence. The secretary reported that tie branches had replied in favor of allowing a member other than tite chairman to attend meetings of the central committee, and a majority in favor of the annual dinner. : It was decided to hold the annual dinner on Wednesday evening, March L His Ex cellency the Governor, the members of the Ministry, the President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker, and the Mayor of Ade laide to be invited. To prevent invidious distinctions it was thought that it was better not to enlarge the list of invitations, but it was hoped that a number of members of both Houses of Legislature would be present. The annual report was discussed at great length, and the draft prepared by the vice-president and amended was unanimously adopted; a vote of thanks being accorded to h^Tn for drawing it up. . The balance-sheet and auditors' report were presented and adopted; and a vote of thanks to the auditors was earned unani mously for their services and suggestions. Respecting the seed wheat fund, it was . stated that subscription lists had been pre pared for circulation, and after discussion it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Venning, to ask the Government to subsidize the amount which may be raised. Mr. Hirsch moved— 'That the Govern ment be asked to lend distressed selectors money to the amount of two-thirds of their improvements.' The Government were -the proper party to do it, as in the event of the land being ultimately abandoned the squat ters would gladly pay the amount they lent in order to get the land. — Mr. Miller seconded the proposition. In some cases mea would rather accept help in the way of aioanthfcBasagift, Tie jaption was carried. Me. Venning moved— 'That jflie delegate^ ; paeetjngbe.recommeadedto.seud. a deputa- .. tipn to Government to urge that Parliament be called together immediately- for the pmv ipose of grairtmg such eomessxons and: remis sions -to distressed selectors as have been asked for by public meetings- fir tie distressed districts.— MK Tonkin swaHsdwU and it^aa, carrieid. The general secretary wag directed to t-re- pareau advertisement for the papers asking tor subscriptions to the seed wheat fond, and inviting selectors to send their claims, em bodying particulars of their crops for the last two ot three years. Mr. Venning gave notices of motion r-^-l. That ft deputation from the meeting of* dele gates waft upon the Contmissisioner of Crown Lands to urge on during the coming winter the necessary-works for the conservation, of water for the benefit of settlers. 2. That the addi tionalwbarf accommodationbepTovided where necessary. 3. To bring before the Govern ment the excessive charges for the carriage of machinery in the Areas ; that a third class carriage be placed upon the narrow gauge lines, and that greater punctuality be ob served on the Port Krie line. And that re turn tickets on all lines be available for 28 days instead of a week as at present. Tlie general secretary reported that he liad written as directed to tihe Commissioner oE Uailways coneerning-fche excursion in March. The} letter was dated January -11, bat no ? reply had been received. He was directed to sen^i a telegram asking for' an answer, as the arrangements could' not be published with outiit. .-.*.. This being the last meeting for the year, Mi\i Mugg in very -warm terms moved the thanks of the committee to the president for the ^dignity, impartiality and ability with which he had conducted their affair? through the year.— Mr. Inglis seconded. The presi dent bad always been at his post in time,, and at the meetings where there was no quorum he was present.— Mr. Tonkin, Mr. Venning, Mr.: Hirsh, and Mr. G. M. Growden spoke in support, and the vote was carried by accla mation. The President acknowledged the vote in suitable terms. A similar compliment was: paid to the vice-president, and the meet ing terminated.— -Abridged from the Arms Express. A meeting of the BedbUI branch of the Farmers' Association was held at the Eureka Hotel on Saturday, February 4. Mr. H. Treloar (chairman) presided. Theptospectus of the Laura Foundry and Implement Maim factoring Company was after consideration not entertained. : . It waa resolved to hold over the consideration of the prospectus of the Farmers' Co-operative Asaociarfcionnnfil after . the meeting of delegates in Adelaide. The opinion was expressed that an association of the sort was required, but on account of the bad; seasons the members were- reluctant to join in the ' scheme. The re presentative of the branch was in structed when at the delegates' meeting to support several amendments in the Land Act jBushfires Act, and Electoral Districts Bill Mr. L. R. Wake proposed, and Mr. D. Litbgow seconded, that the branch sup port subscriptions to selectors ' in the North who have not had any crops for the last two or tjhreeyears. The proposition was carried. Mr. C. G. Adey, JvP.,. proposed, and Mr. J. Johnston seconded, that the delegate be in structed to inspect, whilst in Adelaide, rPenny and Co. 's machine for separating wheat from oats, &e.; The following officers were eleeted for the . ensuing year :— Mr. J. Johnston (chairman) ; Messrs. G. Gale and D. Lithgow, vice-chairmen ; Mr. D. Steele, secretary and treasurer ; and Messrs. Gale and Lithgow auditors. Votes of thanks were accorded to the retiring officers. Wastdearah. A meeting of the Wandearah branch of the Farmer's Association, was held on February 1, Mr. G. Robertson, J.P., pre siding. The programme of the business wmen is to oe brougnt before tne general meeting of delegates was read and considered. An opinion waa ex pressed that in future the names of caodi* dates for the office of president should be submitted to the branches some time before tiie annual meetings of delegates, so that the members might have time. to form correct opinions. The names of several gentlemen were mentioned as capable of filling the office with credit, but owing to a want of know ledge as to who would be likely to come for ward none were decided upon. With, refer ence to item 5, the branch thought that .a visiting officer or lecturer should be ap pointed if practicable without increasing the members subscription fee. The prospectus of the Farmers' Co-operative . Association and the Farmers' Implement Manufacturing Company were approved. It was decided to adhere to the resolutions adopted at. the public meeting of farmers held, at Port Pirie. A resolution was passed to the effect that the Bush Fires Act -needed amendment, so that stubble burning could be prohibited until January 20 of each year. An opinion was expressed that the hoars for burning after that should be from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., as there was far more danger from fire at night than in the daytime. The resolution of the central committee to raise subscriptions to provide seed wheat for distressed farmers was approved of, with the suggestion that the Government be asked to subsidise all amounts raised privately. The election of officers for theensuingyearresultedasfoliows : — Mr.E. J. Hector, chairman ; Messrs. G-. Bobertson, J.P. , W. Roberts, sen., and Jacobs, vice- chairmen ; Messrs. S. Oliver and J. Jacobs treasurer and secretary respectively, The retiring, chairman in responding to a unanimous vote of thanks assured the meeting of a con tinuance of his hearty co-operation. Votes of thanks were accorded to the other officers and suitably responded to, and also to Mr. and Mrs. Oliver for the gratuitous use of a room for holding the meetings of the association. 