string of €e\us. State School Hours. — According to the Eduoation Act the pupils at State schools have to be instructed for a certain number of boors per day, but many of the teachers fix those hours to suit their own convenience, withont studying the effect upon the pupils. Frequently the health of the children is imperilled by the arrange ments made, and the parents are beginning to complain. It is a common practice to trench upon the meal times of the youngsters ' for the sake of getting an extra half hour's work out of them, so as to increase the re sults. This is very hard upon those childreu who have to travel a mile or two in going backwards and forwards, as they swallow their dinner hastily, and then run all the way to school directly afterwards, which in terferes greatly with the process of digestion. Other children get no dinner at all, knowing that they cannot go home and return within the time allowed ; and they may be seen eating lumps of bread in the play ground or pelting one another with the lunch they have brought with them. Nominally the scholars are supposed to be let out at 12, but practi cally boys and girls are often kept in till 1, and if the bell rings for reassembling at half- past 1. there is very little chance of these unfortunates getting anything to eat in the middle of the day. We are of opinion that at least two hours should be allowed as the interval between morning and afternoon school, more especially as the compulsory clause operates by compelling the attend ance of children living within three miles. Another practice common ou rainy days or half- holidays is to detain the children for a long spell in the morning, and dispense with tbeir presence in the afternoon. For in stance, a correspondent signing herself " Mater," complained in Saturday's Argus that the pupils attending the Yarra-park State School were detained from 9 o'clock until 2 o'clock, withont any interval for lunch. This letter has been referred to tile head teacher by the department, with the intimation that under no circumstances whatever will such a practice be permitted. The following circular, dated 29th August, 1S76, deals with this question, and is pub lished for the information of parents : — " It having been reported to the department that on wet days it is the practice of many head teachers in state schools to dispense with the mid-day recess, and to keep school continuously np to 1.30 p.m., and then dis miss the scholars for the day, it is deemed necessary to inform all head teachers that such a practice is a breach of the 12th sec tion of the Education Act, and cannot there fore be permitted. The only alteration which the department can allow in the regular work of the school on such days is that the mid-day recess may he reduced to half-an-hour's duration." Hamilton Botanic Gardens. — The process of carrying ont Mr. Gilfoyle's plan for the laying out of the gardens in volves the destruction of several of the cypresses and shrubs planted some years ago, but the curator, Mr. 'Wilson, is endeavoring to preserve all the best of them, so far as is consistent with the outlines of the plan. The trees around the sides of the garden have been placed in such irregular positions that some of them have to be sacrificed in the re-arrangement. Large trees are planted in front of small ones, and in some cases three or four of the same species are together. One large Laurbertiana is growing directly opposite the Thomson-street gates, thereby obstructing the view at the entrance, and as tills tree is disfigured at the top and will soondie out, its removal is decided upon, so that the triangular bed marked on the plan and recommended by Mr. Gilfoyle to be .filled with roses, may be properly formed. Almost every one who passes through the gardens wishes to know where the lake is to be, and what-wBl be the dimensions. Mr. Wilson has now marked off the spot by pegs and small trenches, so that visitors can see for themselves. We expect that by next spring the new curator will have made such progress in carrying out the plan of Mr- Gil- fojde that the gardens wffl present an appear ance more ii) accordance with the prevailing Idea of an ornamental pleasure-ground than they have done hitherto, Trollopian Blow. — In answer to many enquiries, we may state that none have yet ventured to take up the gauntlet thrown down by Mr. J. Robertson, tbe qwner of Poor Me. Before Mr. Robertson publicly challenged all and sundry -who had been "blowing? about what their steeds could do with Poor Me, fie 'was constantly being given verbal challenges. Since he "has shown his willingness to practically test tbe question, be has not been pestered, and if those who indulged in so much " tall talk" 49 pot qeqi la Weir £6 (jepifits before the "ttofesfc, "they most, subject, be . — -msn, The Soqrtsn>an seemed rikntforev:: yyonld be to make sure the .7 _ af -promptly taken up, but, like tne l7V Mace and Miller,. the intentions of some owners of horses would appear to haveended likes goqd cigar. . " , GAME, LASSE NoRMAKBr; '-W'At he sale of Mr. M. LoughJIn'e horses onTaesday, Game, late Normanby, briginally sold to Mr. Lpughlin -by ;Mr. Ti Skene, realised 290 «uaKfegoEtoMnglOg«in»s, Another Special Train will run from Ararat to Hamilton to-day, aud good ness knows bow many more will have to be run, this malting tbe fourth for the present week. Superintendent Chambers- — It is stated as not improbable thai the above- mentioned gentleman willreceive the,appoint- ment of " Inspector Superintendent." The Australian Sketches to hand is a remarkably fine nnmber, all the plates, and there are plenty of "them, being executed with even for the Sketcher, an unusual degree of skill. It certainly will compare favorably with any illustrated paper published on either side of the line. The Borough Elections. — Mr. E. Walter has been returned unopposed to fill the seat in the Borough Council rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr. J. MU.ellar. For Mr. D. Brown's seat, tbe tenure of which vrill shortly expire, Messrs. Ken nan and S. Wilson have been nominated, and a poll will be taken on St. Patrick's day, tbe 17th March. Constable Sparling. — It will be remembered that some time ago Mr. F. Gaffncy lodged several complaints against the conduct of Constable Sparling, 'ihese were fully investigated at tne time, but it was not until yesterday that any reply was received by Mr. Gafihey. This intimated that the Chief Commissioner had expressed his disapproval of the conduct of Constable Sparling."' The Queen's Replt. — The follow-: ing telegram has been received from tbe Secretary of State for tbe Colonies in reply to that sent by EEs Excellency the Governor, by desire of tbe Government, expressing sympathy with Her Majesty after the recent attempt at assassination : — " London, March fi. — To tbe Governor of Victoria. — Her Majesty cordially appreciates the sympathy and loyalty expressed by the Government and people of Victoria, — Kimberley." The "Weather — The slight fall of rain experienced last week has been succeeded by unpleasantly hot weather, which has quickly parched tbe ground and caused bush- fires to be again uumerons. More so, we be lieve, than they were previous to the fall. On Tuesday large fires were seen burning in the direction of Squattleseamere, and the atmosphere, for miles around, was thickly charged with smoke. Wednesday was another scorcher, Messrs. Farroll _ and Son's thermometer registering 91 deg. in the shade, and 113 deg. in the sun. Australian Mutton in Edinburgh. There are at present attending the Uni versity of Edinburgh two young men who not very long ago were students at_ the Hamilton College. As they were pasting a butcher's shop, in South Clerk Street a row weeks ago. they sawin a window the carcase of an Australian sheep, in splendid order, winch was being sold at 8d a poind. They im-' mediately ordered some of it, and found it at dinner to be in first-rate condition. The usual price of chops is 13d a pound, so that good Australian mutton at Sd a pound ought to be very welcome on the tables of friends at borne. The International Match was brought to a close on Tuesday by the Aus tralians winning by six wickets and four rups. Our last telegram reported that the Englishmen, in their second innings, had nine wic&ets; uuwu iui iov im«. completed their innings for 134, Shrewsbury topping the list with 47," when he was caught by Boyle off Garrett. Filling urns bowled by Palmer at 23, and Peate carried out bis bat for S. This left the Australians 01 to get to win, but they lost four wickets before tbey could accomplish this, viz. Massie, c Midwinter, b Peate, 9 ; Murdooh, c Midwinter, b Bates, 4 j Bannerman, c Filling, b Peate, 14 ; M'Donneli, c Einmett, b Peate, 9 ; Horan, not ont, 16 ; Jones, not out, 6 ; sundries, 6 ; total. 64. An Organ Recital. — It is an nounced in our advertising columns that there will be grand doings in St. Stephen's Church at Portland on Tuesday and Wed-' nesday next, on the occasion of the new organ making its debilt. On Tuesday there is to be a full choral service, and on Wed nesday an organ recital. The instrument is said to be a very fine one and this being the cose, it will be beard to great advantage, the 6 3r vices of Mr. Charles Sykes (organist of St. Francis' Church, Melbourne) baring been secured for tbe occasion. Those who bad the pleasure of listening to Mr. Sykes' playing on the great organ at the inter national Exhibition will need no pressing to pay a visit to St. Stephen's Church on Tues day and Wednesday next. The Murray Cup. — It is not at all probable any team will be sent from Hamil ton to Harrow on Saturday to compete for the Murray Challenge Cap, it having been fonnd impossible to get together a strong eleven, and a weak one would only waste much valuable time. It is therefore almost certain the Harrovians will become the per manent possesors of the trophy and, if so, noae will grudge tbern their success. On the contrary many good cricketers will be' glad that the ownership of the cup is no longer to cause disagreements, especially as its absence may lead to more home and home matches being played. Should any more such trophies be offered, it is to be hoped that like the Cleeland Cup, there will be no absurd conditions, and whichever club wins it most often during a season will be come the proprietor. The V.R.C. Ajjtumit Meeting is announced to be resumed to-day, when the chief event will be The Australian Cup." For this, Suwarrow long occapied the post of first favorite, but has, since Saturday last, beeu deposed by Mr. de Mestre's Sweet William, owing to the very easy victory gained by the latter in the Brunswick Stakes.9 The chief interest, however, so far as many in this district are concerned is centered in Duchess. That she is a good fast horse most will admit, but her running for the Melbourne Cap, and, subsequently, at the Geeloug meeting, upset all calculations. Nevertheless, she has still some friends, who have pinned their faith to her for the Aus tralian Cup, and if she cannot win this with the light weights imposed on her, it is thought she should never again be entered for any important event. A Complimentary Ball. — A corres- Sondcnt writes: — "Last Monday evening a irge circle of friends assembled to wish farewell to Mr. Hogarth (lateof the Hamilton Spectator) on his departure to take charge of the CoUc Reformer, which paper he has recently purchased. The evening was spent -on the "light fantastic" interspersed with songs and recitations. About twelve of the company sat down to a nicely-spread supper, in course of which the guest's health was proposed and drunk with a.spirited genuineness appropriate to the occasion. Mr. Hogarth thanked his friends in a very neat and telling speech for the kindness he had received while amongst them, and moreover for the honor they had conferred npon him that evening. Dancing was resumed until "old Sol" had lit up the early mom with his glinting rays, and the jovial party bid adieu to their jollity and finally wished a long-life and prosperity to their highly-esteemed departing friend." The Operations op a Steam Pump. — The secretary of the shire of Donmtmkle has reported regarding the working of the steam pump forwarded by the Water Snpply department to that district as follows: — Work was commenced on the 16th October qn lub iiurvu 01 uue wumnera xaver, eastward of its junction with the Dunmnnkle Greek, and was maintained until the lgth November, when the water in the stream beoame too low, and the engine had to be stopped for mine . days. The water was raised to a perpendicular height of from 12ft to 14ft, and discharged at the rate of '2500 gallons a minute down the" Dnnmunkle Creek and along tbe channel previously cut in connexion with -the Dunmnnkle and St. Arnaud waterworks to -what is known as Payne's waterfaole, a -distance of 12 miles, filling in jte -course numerons large natural and artificial waterbples. At Eeveral places tbe water was dammed by . metiu of tempo rary weirs, and stored pending the cohtinn- ' ing of the channel further .north, which was done-for a" distance of 26 miles before the ; water failed On the 27tb November work was resumed, and continued, with qceas- i sign# «to8p9«eS7nutil ton08th/|eeeni6er, , Shapahan's. 10-mile dam. in,. ' Lallat,' a-aistanfeeiif 38' mUtefirOm tiie pump- f i teg station on -the river. VTlm total cost of ' " working the pumps was £l6411s Ind.,nnd of cutting the dutnneL gS -inUai Jn - means of conferring almost Incalculable bene fit on the fanners and residents for miles around. The Dunkeld Late Bank Manager. — Charles Henry Watson, late hank manager at Dunkeld, will be brought up at tbe Dnn- keld Police Court on Saturday next ; Messrs. Samuel and Horwitz being retained for the defence. We understand that the accused has been released on bail. "New Police Buildings. — Mr. Bar rett, architect to the Public Works Depart ment, arrived in Hamilton last niglit for the purpose of inspecting the site, and arranging the plans of toe new police buildings and Court-bouse. This prompt action on the part of Mr. Young, the Minister of Public Works, is both gratifying and commendable. New Insolvents. — Schedules filed at Hamilton. Samuel Alexander Hicks of Mumdal, Laborer. Liabilities, £142 2s 3d, Assets £5, Deficiency £137 2s 3d. Causes of Insolvency — continued sickness of insolvent. Meeting of creditors to be held before toe Chief Clerk at tbe Court House Hamilton, on Thursday 16th of March, at 11 am. Official asrignee, Mr. R. Giles. — Clara Donates Huehes and James Jackson, trading as C. D. Hughes and Co., Macarthur, store keepers. Liabilities £5654 2s 3d, Assets £4596 13s, Deficiency £1057 9s 3d. Causes of Insolvency — losses sustained upon the purchase of wool, and insufficiency of profits to pay expenses and bad debts. Meeting of creditors to be held on Thursday 16th March, at noon. Official assignee, Mr. R. Giles' — Also the separate estate of Clara Douglas Hughes, of Macarthur, Storekeeper. Lia bilities. Nil, Assets £150, Surplus £150. Meeting of creditors to be held on Thursday 16th March, at noon. Official assignee, Mr. B. Giles.— Schedule filed at WarrnambooL W. EussellT fanner, Nirranda. Liabilities £1,192 18s, Assets £1,141, deficiency £51 18s Cause of Insolvency — pressure of creditors. Mr. A B. Mackay, assignee. A meeting in the estate will be held on Wednesday, the lath instant. The New Police Magistrates. — The Ballarot Star agrees with ns as to the inexpediency of appointing Superintendents of Police to the office of Police Magistrate. Our contemporary says: — The news that Superintendent Hare and Nicholson are to be asked to retire from the police force, for the purpose of receiving appointments as police magistrates is a subject of conversation among many members of toe legal fraternity. It is stated that the superintendents hare no qualification whatever for such important positions, and that their knowledge of law probably does not much exceed that possessed by many an ordinary constable. We certainly coincide with an idea expressed npon the subject, that a police, magistrate should be thoroughly versed in legal lore, as otherwise he cannot fulfil his duties properly. Officers of police are in no way fitted for tbe post of a stipendiary magistrate— a magistrate who is supposed to explain knotty points to honorary justices. To the fact of our having so many untutored magistrates presiding in our courts of justice is, in some measure, due toe nnmber of appeal cases brought before the higher courts. Tbe action of tbe Berry Government in dispensing with the services of a police magistrate like Mr. W H. Gaunt, and other capable men, and the appointment by the present Government of Messrs. Hare and Nicholson to magisterial positions would form a striking contrast. Sir Samuel Wilson. — "Anglo- Australian" in London, writing in the European Mail, states:— "Sir Samuel Wil son has decided not to proceed with the petition against tbe return of the Solicitor- General of Ireland. The best legal opinion in Dublin is to the effect that the petition would probably be successful, but that Sir j Samuel Wilson could not claim -the seat. The leaders of tbe Conservative parly ; believe that the teds of the case can be brought out with very damaging effect to the Ministry in a Parliamentary debate on the subject. The action of Mr. Frank Hugh O'DonneU, M.P., in interfering in the Londonderry election, was from personal vanity, and entirely without any under standing with Sir Samuel Wilson. The re sult showed that .toe Land League and Home Rule party had, as a rale, voted against toe Conservative candidate. Tbe bait held out by the Solicitor-Geueral of reductions of rent in the land court by bis commissioners of from 20 to 70 per cent, was too much for the Roman Catholic tenant fanners to resist, even although they bitterly bote the Govern- ment for toe imprisonment of tbeir leaders in Kilma.inham. I leam that it is in con templation by toe Conservative party in Buckinghamshire to request Sir Samuel Wilson to come forward as a candidate for the county at toe next general election, or when a vacancy may arise." Branxholhe Race Meeting. — There appears to be every probability of a most enjoyable day's sport at Branxhohne on Tuesday next, when the annual race meeting will be held. Bight good horses have accepted for the Handicap, and five for the Hurdle Race, and there are five other events for which entries can be made at the post. Among these will be found "an Amateur Bace," aud we call particular atten tion to this fact, as previous to tbe Hamilton race meeting there was some grumbling about amateur riders being furnished with no opportunity for distinguishing themselves. At Branxhohne they are offered a prize, true the amount is not large, but then gentlemen are supposed to care more about toe honor of winning aud the excitement attendant upon a race, than tbe money value of the stakes. It therefore remains to be seen whether tliey will turn ont in such numbers as to induce the Hamilton stewards to insert an Amateur race in their next programme. Unfortu nately no arrangements have been made for a special train from Hamilton ; bad such accommodation been afforded there would have been a very numerous attendance in deed. Even as it is Hamilton will, we be lieve. be more than usually well represented, as this will be toe last meeting held before Mr. T. Skene takes his departure for New Mexico, and many of his friends bave inti mated their intention of taking a run down in order to show that his efforts to encourage good sport throughout the district generally are appreciated. The Border Customs. — Mr. Glyde, the Treasurer of the South Australian Min istry has been conferring with Mr. Graves, the Victorian Commissioner of Customs on various subjects affecting the two colonies. Amongst other things the two ministers took in consideration toe petition of the residents of Casterton, praying that toe treaty might be extended to 25, instead of only 20 miles, on each ride of toe border, in order that -Casterton might be inclnded. Mr. Glyde stated that the matter should be formally brought before toe South Australian Govern ment by the Chief Secretary of Victoria. It appears that a strong effort is bring made both by the Casterton and Mount Gambler residents to bave their districts included within the limits of the area, where goods are allowed to be conveyed by permit free of duty. H the concession were granted, no doubt a much larger business would be done, bat it is contended that the larger the trans actions the more revenue would be lost, to the respective colonies, as it is only the balance of tbe duties that has to be paid over by one Government to toe other. A great impetus would be given to commercial matters at Casterton if the traders there were in a position to supply themselves from South. Australia with any articles paying a lower duty in that colony than is levied in Victoria, but what guarantee would there be thai: tllRRfi trtvvlR wnnIA nnti AffAnrarJe fin <4 their way all over tire Western district of Victoria? The Best fit in Australia— The Wholesale GLotbiqg Company call atten tion to toe test that their representative is now located at the Victoria Hotel, Hamilton, where he will be prepared to ismt everybody to a nicety. Particulars are given in another column.— (Anvx-1 " Dentistry. — Mr.Thwaites will-visit Portland, Mac's Hotel, April 1st. 2nd, 3rd, and 4th ; Hamilton, Commercial Hotel, 5th and 6th ; Balmoral, Begga' Hotel, 7th ; Har row. Pilven'e Hotel, 8th and 9th ; Cbetwynd. Chard's Hotel, 10th ; Casterton, Gray's \- Hotel. Hto; Merino, Mackwood's Hotel,. ' 12th ; Coleralne. Hafferkorn's, 43»h j Hamil- too (return) Commercial. 14th.lAJlvT. , ' ,®0®TOL6 Pills, purely vegetable, cure'stom- «eh eompmnte anil iiffecjaona of. the Uverand .kidney. . -i ,j.-» J dike wilffe jno , wipertnl'tsiijt iqfJBritma- Pjxmthe In hoc siguo VHTCIMUB " might well be at tached to the trade mark that accompanies, or rather identifies, as it were, Udolfho Wolfe s Schiedam Abohaxic Schnapps. For wherever it anneara it expeditiously accomplishes its wbrfcarilfiilfina its high and noble mission. toTparticriaily obstinate and chrome cases it rfYr-trsmnmilyiittain its end, bnt a perastent uskT is sure to ultimate in pronomaced achieve ment When there are conflicting elements, final triumph may be deferred, but on the standard raised by superior prowess, victory will eventually perch. — Trade Mark, Walthax, Mam.— The American Watch Company, of Waltham, Massachusetts, U.S. A, hereby give notice that their Trade Mark, " Waltham, Maes, « now registered hi the Australian Colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand. Proceed- ngs will be taken against any perron copymg or imitating same, or any vendors selling or offering for eale watcheB bearing eolonrable imitations or in any way infringing our rights. — American Watch Company. Waltham. Mass. The People Want Proof.— There u no medi cine prescribed by physicians, or sold by dnusrists. that carries such evidence of its suc cess n"J superior virtue as Bosch ek's German Syrup for severe Coughs, Colds settled on toe breast. Consumption, or any disease of the Throat and Lungs. A proof of that fact is that . Hmnl. IiaKIa fnr uay person UUKWU. WW « — r, 9cL and -fay its superior effect before buying tbe regular aze at 4s6d. It has lately been intro duced in this country from Germany, and its wonderful cures are astonishing everyone that uses it. Three doses will relieve any case. Try it. All chemists and storekeepers. Wholesale by Rooks, Tompsittand Co., Melbourne. 