GENERAL NEWS. An extensive bush-fire occurred on the Greenvale and Edgariy runs last week, by which a luge quantity of grass was destroyed. (Die Ararat Advertiser adds : — The fire originated at the road near Mount Pleasant, between Lake Bolac and Ross's Bridge, but as the flames did not cross the road the Menema estate escaped loss. About three thousand acres of grass were swept over by the fire at Mr. Austin's Greenvale station, and one thousand acres on Mr. Mil- leaPs Edgariy property. A number of men from each station and the neighboring forms worked with great energy and ultimately the fire waa arrested. This is the way some members of Padia- meot will abuse their privilege. The Gfelong Advertiser says : — " Another instance of Mr. Bent's 'management of the railways upon commercial principles ?' A yocng gentleman waa travelling from Queenscliff to Melbourne on Monday with his papa, who is a member of the Legislature, when he produced a piece of pasteboard issued at Spencer-street, pro claiming him a ' deadhead,' which was dnly honored by the ticket taker on presentation. It was understood that Mr. Bent had graciously given each member of Parliament a railway pass for his wife. Has he now pro vided that hon. members' families shall travel free? The fruit season, so for as the Stawell dis trict is concerned, promises fairly well- the AVi rs reports. Apples are scarce, bat stone- fruit almost makes np for the deficiency. Tbe crop of plums is very good in most in stances, and m addition to the yield being prolific the flivor of the fruit is rich. Some little amusement was created in one of tbe shops in the town on Saturday in connection with this fruit. Plums were exhibited for sale at 2d. per pound, and throughout the day there were numerous customers called in for " a pennyworth of plums, please." Haif a-pound of plums was quite an institution throughout the day and evening. The venders soon saw that there was some amuse ment afloat, and entered into the spirit of the fan. The grape crop also promises to be foirly large this year, though doubtless a little more rain than was experienced would have had the effect of increasing the yield. The flavor of the grapes promises to be good, so that the quality of the wines should be quite np to those of last year. A very short fame now will see the vintage in full swing, as already there are ripe berries displayed in most of the fruit shops of the streets. Melons give promise of yielding well, and if the Horticultural Society only induce a few of the large market gardeners at Great Western to exhibit their fruit the attractive ness of Ike antnmn show will be largely added to. The Evening UaU reports that that two youngmen describing themselves as clerks, named George Gilbert and John M'Dermott, were bronghtnp in custody at theCity Peiiee Court on Monday morning charged with im personating Custom-house officers. Constable' Suthmier stated that shortly before 8 o'clock on Saturday night the prisoners went to the stores of James Ah Xat and Hing Hie in little Bourke-street east and represented themselves as officers from the Cnstoms de partment charged with warrants to search tbe stores for contrabrand goods. They maijHiiinrinJiviia At. grf««h»«1 . broke open a door, and created a great disturbance; after which they visited Hing Hie'e and repeated the performance. On bring asked to produce their warrant they refused to do so, and became very abusive. They also went to Wade's Hotel to search for smuggled cigars, and, on (Ending none, they told Wade that if he wished to see some fun he should accompany them to see them turn over the stores of the heathen. Mr. Wade did not accept the kind invitation, end the prisoners wound np their evening's amuse ment by running into the meshes of the law. Hie Chinese were not prepared to go on.with the evidence: Mr. GryUs appeared for the prisoners, and objected to the charge_on the ground that there was nothing . in the sta'ntes.to warrant a prosecution, for im-: personating Custom-house offioets. Mr. Fantonsard that the Bench considered the case of too serious a character to be trifled withered remanded the prisoners till Friday. The constable stated that there were two ocner .young men sun sns pnsonerc, .one. of whom was a clerk in the long room at tbe Costam-honse, named Hodgkinaon, who took a leading part in the affair. The matter has been reported to the Commissioner of Cus toms, end will probably, form the subject of further investigation. (Die BeAdigo Advertiser records ike re arrest of the escape prisoner Caleb Lams on 1 Saturday. , Sihoe he escaped at Epsom on I Wednesday last, from the custody of Con stable Phillips, while beingbrought into Sand hurst from Elmore in afaeggy. the greatest vigllaureliMbeenexerinBedbythepbliee." kFrom lime of hiareoape the ymee Set j oot in sctive eeareh. and Bus bush for miles j around was carefully scorned. TTie briemqh : was freely used. Monnted-CfmBlaMfi Ifoifc law, ;«ff ' Ifoywdbd/ waz also pommnninated I with, ud amtwwvmtkipn Fti&y; sifW he was informed that Lewis had been seen pas sing through Kamarooka. Douglass, in com- (HmywithGonstableArandeD, set oaten horse back and travelled the whole night. - They continued together up to half-part two o'clock on Saturday .afternoon, when Axnndall left far the Tandsrra station (Raleigh's) to ob tain a fresh horse. Douglass them went on alene, and (shortly afterwards saw a man camping at a water-hole about half a mile from the homestead. The waterhole was surrounded by a wire fence, and Douglass tied op his horse to the fence, mid walked towards the man. He was the one wanted, and, although in plain clothes, Lewis recognised the traveller as s constable, and immediately made off. The constable followed on foot for . a short distance, but Iowis, who is a good runner, was too fleet for him. The runaway was wearing heavy lace- up boots at the -time, but he stopped and took them off so as to run better. Constable Douglass returned for Ms horse, and galloped around to another paddock, in which Lewis then was. He was within view all the time, fhe country being a level plain. An exciting chase then took place between the constable, on horseback, and Lewis, running barefooted. Lewis made for a clomp of trees, and, being exhausted, lay down in the hope of hiding himself from his pursuer. Douglass, having galloped within a few hundred yards, dis mounted, and, revolver in hand, walked np to the trees. Lewis for a time did not see Douglass coming, and was somewhat sur prised when the constable covered him with Lis revolver, and called upon him to Bar tender, or he wonld ' blow bis brains oat.' Lewis, trader the circumstances, thought it best to submit. He was brought into the Sandhurst lock-up." Two Gold Mbmm awabded American Wameah Watches.— The only medals awarded tire Exhibition of Watches, Melbourne Inter- national Exhibition, 1880. Ail genuine Waltham Watches have the trade mark "Waltham, Mass.". engraved an the plats of the watdi. 