TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1882. At a meeting of Irish landlords held at the beginning of the year it was resolved to apply to the British Government for compensation in all cases where rents might be reduced by direction of the Land Courts. Mr. GLADSTONE, Mr. BRIGHT, and Mr. CHAMBERLAIN have denied the existence of any equitable claim, but Lord HARTINGTON is not so pronounced in his views. Judging from the fact that he treated the matter cautiously, we may assume that he is in favour of some allowance being made, but unwilling to break with his colleagues. Sir W. VERNON HARCOURT has intimated that in his opinion thegreat difficulty in the way of conceding the point is the fact that the English tax- payers would have to find the money. The money consideration is, of course, very important, but if the English people are thoroughly persuaded that a section of the community has been grievously injured through the operation of a national policy, we can scarcely imagine that they'would refuse redress on account of the cost. As this subject is likely to be kept pro- minently before the public for some time to come, it will be interesting to consider the arguments advanced in favour of the landlords^position. | In the Fortnightly Review for Decem- ber the Irish land owners' case is favourably put by Mr. D. C. LATHBURY. This gentleman is apparently a liberal of the liberals, and consequently no friend to any extreme pretensions on the part of property. Bat Mr. LATHBURY has been driven by the force of his con- victions to separate from the Liberal party on the subject of the Irish Land Act. He is willing that Ireland should be governed according to Irish ideas, and he recognises that one of those ideas is fixity of tenure for the cultiva- tors of the soil. But while he al- lows that Parliament is bound to pay attention to Irish ideas, Irish tastes, and even Irish prejudices in matters of purely Irish concern, he maintains that it is equally bound to take care that they are not humoured at the cost of injustice to individuals : "Every mania responsible for that which he could have prevented bad be cboBen to prevent it. It is open to us to allow those under our control to do foolish things, be causo it may sometimes be the best way of teaching tbem wisdom ; but it is not open to us to allow them to gain this wisdom at the coat of other people." Mr. LATHBURY then goes on to show that in addition to the general right to protection, Irish landlords have peculiar claims upon tho Imperial Parliament, as " they are in a great measure the crea " tures of English legislation." They are mostly the descendants of those who were induced to transfer their homes to Ireland, where they acted as a garrison, I and the representatives of English rule. With varying fortune they have maintained the English cause in the country, and it certainly seems hard that they should now be deprived of pos- sessions or rights which were deli berately conferred on their ancestors for reasons which then seemed good to the state, simply because a change has taken place in English public opinion with regard to the Irish peasants' property in tho soil he tills. It is contended by the thorough- going supporters of Mr. GLADSTONE'S act that the Irish landlords have no well grounded claim to compensation, be- cause the settlement recently arrived at leaves them with all the power they ought ever to have had - as much as they can enjoy with advan- tage to the community, and without injustice to others. This is a point which we shall not stay to argue. It involves, as Mr. LATHBURY points out, " a confusion between what a man " actually has in the present, and what " it is considered advantageous to the " community he should have in the " future." When a railway company takes land it may be argued that the owner will benefit from tho existence of a railway, and that as his neighbours' I convenience and his own interests are concerned in having the line constructed, he is not entitled to compensation. But he benefits in common with the rest of society who give no land, and surely he is entitled to payment for a sacrifice which he alone is compelled to make. It is the same with Mr. GLAD- STONE'S Land Act " The land system," says Mr. LATHBURY, " we have intro " duced into Ireland may be all that its " most enthusiastic friends proclaim it " to be. It may make Ireland a garden, " and Irishmen a happy family. But it " is not the system under which we " have encouraged landlords to buy " and keep estates, and in so far as the " difference maltes to their disadvan " tage, their claim to compensation " is identical with that of the " owners of land taken for a " railway." It seems impossible to dispute this reasoning successfully. The state, of course, has a right to vary any existing arrangements which aie opposed to the public good, but unless government is to become the organised oppression of the majority, it cannot de- stroy or curtail the property of classes without allowing a fair money equivalent in exchange. All sections of the landlord fraternity have good reason to complain of an arbitrary interference with their rights, but those who acquired estates under the provi- sions of the Encumbored Estates Act appear to us specially aggrieved. They did not inherit grants made, it may bo, for questionable services, or no services at all. They bought their pro- perties in the open market, under con- ditions prescribed by the state. Now the state steps in and quiotly confiscates a portion of the property it caused to be placed in the market. We think their case is particularly deserving of con- sideration. Mr. LATHDURY further ßhows that Mr. GLADSTONE'S act not only in- juriously affects the Irish landlords in a pecuniary sense, but that it also deprivea the very best among them of their careers. Those who managed in the English fashion-landlords wu£? made "all necessary improvements," picked out the best and most "industrious " tenants," held themselves " bound to "seo to the general welfare of tha " estates," and not merely to the punc- tual payment of their rents, and gene- rally regarded themselves as partners with the tenants " in the business of " farming"-will find that their occupa- tion is gone, now that fixity of ton ure is the rule. They will have their rents, but they will not have that interest in life to which they have been accustomed. They cannot put upon their estates the impress of their own judgment and activity, but must be content to see their acres used or abused according to the whims or wishes of the tenants who chanced to be in occupation when Mr. GLADSTONE'S act came into force. How, asks Mr. LATHDURY, can it be said that these men have sustained no injury ? " It would be as near the truth to say " that Mr. GLADSTONTS would sustain " no injury if his pay as Prime Minister M were secured to him for life, but he " was forbidden to make a single speech " or frame a single measure." ' ' It is pointed out, moreover, that recent,buyers are insulted as well as injured by Mr. GLADSTONE'S legisla- tion. English economists and Eng- lish legislators, says Mr. LATHBURY, have encouraged them to deal in land as a corn merchant deals in grain, and now, without warning or compensa- tion, they find the value of their stock in-trade materially affected by the dif- ferent way in which the respective transactions are regarded by the state." The article concludes as follows : "leay nothing against the propriety of drawing such a distinction in the future. But I do say, that to Bet it np Buddeuly after ignoring it for generations, and to give no compensation to those who have bought or , held land in the full belief that the law would continue to treat it aa any other form of pro- perty, is to compassthe good of the community at tho coat of a single class." We think that this view of tho case will commend itself to most men who do not consider that property is robbery, or that the well-to-do should be depleted simply because they have something to lose. It is very much to Mr. LATHBURY'S credit that in connexion with a matter of right and wrong he would not allow his party feelings to obscure his sense of right and justice. We think we may safely say that the Irish landlords' claim to com- pensation will command attention for ¡ some time to come, There Boems now every probability that Australian wines will be well represented at the Bordeaux Exhibition. The vigne- rons of Victoria and Now South Wales have taken energetic action, and those of South Australia may be expected to follow suit. The excellent proposal made by Messrs. DE CASTELLA and ROWAN to establish a fund to provide for the purchase of three cups as special prizes for the best Australian wines of the various classes seems, however, to bo hanging fire. This is attributable, wo have reason to believe, to an idea that has got abroad that the prizes are to be restricted to wines of ' Victorian growth. We do not know how the mistake has arisen, for in the letter making the proposal, which was published in The Argus of Jan. 13, Mr. DE CASTELLA was particular in explain- ing that the prizes wero to be offered for Australian wines generally. The follow- ing awards were suggested :-"First, a " cup of £100 value to the Australian " grower whose exhibits (including no " less than five different kinds, or five " different vintages, of which two must " be red wines and two white wines) most " resemble the great crua of Bor " deaux, Burgundy, and the Rhine ; " second, a cup of £75 valuo to the Aus " trallon grower whose exhibits (including " no less than three different kinds of " vintages, of which one must bo red " wine and one. whito wine) most re " Bemblo the best wines of Roussillon, " Spain, and Portugal ; third, a cup of " £50 value to the Australian grower " whoso exhibits best combine the neces " aary qualities in wine for blending pur " poses." In drawing up tho above scheme, Mr. DE CASTELLA explainod that ho had endoavoured to em- brace the chief points characteristic of all the Australian wines, and ho invited the vignerons of the throo principal colonies to form a fund for the purchase of the prizes proposed. This, of course, was tho only basis upon which contributions could have been solicited with any prospect of success. Nothing would have been gained by pitting Vic- torian wines against each other, and if the idea is entertained that Mr. DE OAS TELLA'S proposal goes no furthor than this, the hesitating way in which it has been taken up is easily accounted for. But nothing waa further from tho pro- jector's design. The object in view was to havo an Australian, not a Victo- rian competition. "In France," says Mr. DE CASTELLA, " they do not speak " of a Victoria, a New South Wales and " a South Australia, but only of an Aua " tTalia," and that Is the spirit in which he made the suggestion. When these facts aro fully understood by vignerons-and after this explanation misconception will surely no longer exist-contributions may be expected to flow in not only from Victorian vignerons, but from those of Now South Wales and South Australia, More than one-tenth of tho amount re- quired for the purchaso of tho cups has been subscribed by Messrs. DE CASTELLA and ROWAN, and it would be a reilection upon the onterpriso of tho Australian vigneronB if such liberality failed to moot with an adequate responso. Mr D/VIDSON'S momo with regard to tho deficiency of water during tho hot dayB of last week states that " tho great " extension of the reticulation and the " pipe cleaning operations liai e BO in " creased the facilities for drawing off " water as to render the question of im " pooling and augmenting the supply ono " of urgency " We should think that it must be rather diihcult for ratepayers to read such an announcement with common patience Seeing that there has never been a summer for many years past during which the supply has been continuous to all who paid for it, wo may assume tli&l; tho work of Increasing the flow of water into tho metropolitan district has always been ono of urgency. What wo want to know Is-when is proper provision to ba made and tho urgency to cease? Mr. DAVIDSON Bays that tho further require", menta of the ratepayers are now being inveatlgatcd, and that ho hopes to placo tho results before Mr, YOUNG in about thrco weoka' time. But it ia perfectly Elain that tho "investigation"'' ahould ave takon place years ago, so that the works necessary to keep faith with con Burners might nave been sot on foot long ainco. As usual, the department ia be- ginning to think about additional mains just at the time when ^hoy ought to bo laid and ready for uso. Unless the citizona of Melbourne insist on taking their water supply into their own hands, the same style of management will go on to the end ot ? the chapter. B^-ery Miiiistor. jinjeeady/-enough to o¿ tend the reticultworo/'as that p!f>=ses electors ; but each "tWos to avoid the necessity of asking Parliament for money to Increase the number of mains. It a only when popular clamour gets vory iou_ that the Legislature ia applied to, but by the timo the money has boon procured, the planB proparod, tho con- tracts let, and the work dono, two or threo years have u¿U,alI7 elapsed, and by that time the growth of "the town ¡uid. tho extension of reticulation is little more than met by tho extra supply. Then the asms experience Is gono through again. Tho department ßhould try to got ahead of the demand. Tho next addition to tho main channel and pipes should make the whole equal to the supply on a ¿boral scale of 500,000 people. Evory year tho population is increasing, and every year the reticulation ia extending over a wider area. Having regard to the time neces- sary to carry out the work, wo should probably only have a full and satisfactory service for a few years, before it -would be time to think about making further provision. We trust that Mr. DAVIDSON's "investigations" will load him to the conclusion that it is high time tho best paying public work In the hands of tho state should be managed in a comprehen- sive and liberal spirit. The committee of tho Melbourne Hos pital intend proceeding to day with their inquiry into the alleged unhealthy con ditton of the surgical wards It has been stated that they purpose sitting with closed doors The propriety of so con ducting the investigation can be deter mined by the question whether their object is to collect facts for their private information, or to satisfy tho public mind as to the necessity or otherwise of effecting great changes m tho institution, The fashion of dealing m secret with matters of general interest is out of date and will not admit of revival It may be the intention of the committee, when they have completed their inquiries, lo lay the whole of the oudenco before the public, with thoir own sagacious observa tiona upon it, but tho facts mimt be pub lished from day to day, if any impression ia to bo produced on tho public mini There IB otherwise great danger of the evidence never being road at all It would be vain for tho committee to re commend any serious alterations m the hospital without first having bespoken the approval and support of the citrons upon whom they are dependent, tu an important exlent, for the means of carrying on the institution they have undor tlioir control On the other hand, if it bo true that there arenosubstantialgroundsforbelietmgthat an unproved system of minagement and now builduigB aro required, there is but one way of convincing the public mind on the subject, and that is by giving full and immediate publicity to the evidence The city coroner haB called in question the wholesomenesa of portion of tho hospital buddings, and it is «Vie for the Committee to think that they can dispose of the statements of such a determined and out-spoken critic by examining witnessts in private Some of the committee ira favourable to removing the hospital to au isolated and healthy suburban site, and erecting new and bettci buildings with the proceeds of the sale of tho valuable block now occupied by the institution in the centre of the city They may them solves bo ammated by a faith which can remove mountains, but they must not count on being ablo to change the locality of so substantial a pile of buildings as tho Melbourne Hospital without having previously made it clear to tho ci-'ens at large that the chango is miperatiiely necessary The interruption in the communies onon the overland telegraph line between Adelaide and Fort Darwin delayed the receipt of a nura ber of our cable messages lheae contained some startling items of news Reckless specu lation on the Pana Bourse assisted by the failure of a bank at Lyons has resulted m a financial crisis, m which Austria I and Germany are concerned as well sa France The next settling day on the London Stock Exchange ia also said to be looked forward to with consider able anxiety In Tgypt a crisis also appeara to be imminent The Assembly of Notablei supported by the army, insist upon the finan cial control of the country being placed in their banda Cheriff Paaha and the members of his Government decline however to con cede thia power Dnnng the existing critical state of affairs the consuls of the various Turopean powers meet daily to discuss the Bitnation The insurrection in the Dannbian provinces is also reported to be spreading A case of assault and robbery occurred abont half past 11 o clock last night. A labourer named James Balmain living in Cambridge street Collingwood arrived in Melbourne by the 11.20 p m train from St Arnaud and while on his way along Collins street towards home was throttled and knocked down by five or six men who took from him his swag, contain ing blankets and wearing apparel and then ran away. It appears that it is becoming a frequent occurrence for the criminal classes to watch for the arrival of the late trains from the country in order to find victims to rob. The RUSS Mirzapore sailed Iron Glenelg for Melbourne at half past 7 o clock last night She may be expee'ed to arrive in Hobson a Bay to morrow forenoon Tho ùrat and second class passengers bl the Garonne now in quarantine are tobä liberated today an order to that effect having been íaaued by the Government yes terday Actinf, upon the report of Dr Bul mer health oflicer and the (,i ir»írí"¡Pa!d,. Health that all danger of thf^/* "of tM infection by their relerse had passed it waa agreed that they should be liberated W Bulmer has been naked to advise the Govern ment in regard to the releaso of the ti iw clasB nnd steerage contingent from wnom the last case of diBcase was Bep irated on ino 12th inst The lost report of tlio hesita officer WOB that Cleary uns improving ona that the other patients were progre«sing v> wards convalescence Arrangements u«« been made by MesBrs Gibba Bright ana Co for removing the released paBsengera from the quarantine station b> steamer at an early hour to day ,. In another column we publish a le cr which haa been addreaaed to the Chief Sec« tary by Dr Bulmer the medical o0*«w charge of the quarantine station It is a v ' Bingular document well calculated toa«*» aenouB inquiry na to whether the miter » perron capable of being entrusted ma pos.t.on ofgreatreeponaibihty Ou rridajl^ wepubhahedaletter which hadbeenaddressea by certain passenger of the Garonne, to i* Tma and of which a copy wa shan ea in their name to the representative of m prese at Portsea, with whom »"*»*£ communication Dr Bulmer, w »U«(ha8 w thia letter, com plaina of it os a scurril article appearing "in one of yourpromin papera against one of your officers." So sa we can interpret his incoherent langai he appears to assert that the article (as calls it) waa inserted " for some political i pose" in The Argus, In a postscript States that he has been instructed by bimi to ask the Chief Secretary's permission vindicate bia character! By giving public in Melbourne to the letter despatched to 'i ¡Times we put all parties concerned 'a position to deal with its eta ? menta or miastatemente at once. I for this action the letter might h< reached London and obtained circulât! there before any Bteps could have been tali \- to give it contradiction. The Cabinet, observe, did not consider it necessary yest ¿lay to act upon Dr. Bulmer'a letter. But effort should certainly be made by the he of the Chief Secretary's department convince bim that he has misconstrued 1 facfc--«i'v;'«!"<'ase under circumstances whi we tj^Hfnso creditable to him as a pub office/'' Colotíel W. A, D. Anderson, commande ot the Victorian volunteer forces, died Ii evening at his residence, South Yarro. I demise is due to complete exhauetion, duced by epitheliomia of the face, from whi he had been a sufferer for about two yea und which had been regarded for soi months as certain to soon terminate his li He will be buried to-morrow afternoon wi military honours, directions as to whioh t given in the advertising columns. Particult of the deceased officer's life and illness c also given elsewhere. In the London Standard of the 8th nit, is stated that "Money Wigram and So (Limited) have arranged for the building i the Clyde and on the Teea of three power! Steamers, each of about 4,000 tons, whi Yrilibe completed during the ensuing twel months, for the service of their Australii line." In private lette« received recently is mentioned that the flrBt of these lar Bteamera is expected to be ready in Ap next. From private letters received by last ml ive loam that Mr. Samuel Plimsoll, M.I and his wife are now en route to Austral! having left England on 24th November la and delayed for a few weeks in Egypt. Tb have some relatives settled in Victoria, «horn their visit will be a pleasure, but the large floating population of Eobaon'a Bl we doubt not that there are hundreds wl »ever having Been " the sailor's friend" loc apon him with admiring and affectiona regard. It will be remembered that ti Bailors of Liverpool presented Mrs. Flimso with a model ship in silver, as a memento < their gratitude for her husband's long-coi tinned exertione on their behalf. The fairway at Fort Phillip Hoads is BO ffl as has been ascertained now clear of obstruí tionB, the result of the blasting operation having removed all the rocky impediment which were discovered. The points upo which soundings of 30ft. and lesa were mad were removed, and 12001b. of dynamite wa required to dislodge one dangeron pinnacle. The rock last found nea the Lonsdale rock ia not in tb direct course of vessels, but it is con sidered neceBBary that it also Bhould be re moved. When the Despatch ia again die engaged she will resume sweeping at th entrance. Hitherto that operation has onl. been carried on either with or against tb tide, and very little cross steaming has beei done. "Captain Anderson and Mr. Norgate marine surveyor in charge, have been in Btructed to make the search as complete al possible, and to tow the sweep with tha view acroBS the rip. On the return of thi Despatch from Waratah Bay, Bhe will bl again engaged in the worlr. A report has been furnished to the Minister of Railways as to the amount which should be given by the department for the Woods automatic brake, in the event of the Government agreeing to pay for the use of that invention. The department was represented on the board which investigated the matter by Mr. Anderson, general traffic manager, and Mr. Mirls, locomotive superintendent; and the Universal Continuous Brake Company by Mr. W. A. Zeal, C.E., and Mr. Edward Langton. The board recommend that the department should pay £5,000 for the right to apply the brake to all rolling stock now on the Victorian lines; or £8,000 for its absolute use during the time that the patent remains in force. The board was appointed several weeks ago, but the public never heard of their existence until they sent in their report on Saturday last. There was no inquiry into the engineering qualities of the brake, inasmuch as the members representing the department stated that they were fully satisfied on the point. The two arbitrators appointed to determine the matters in dispute between the proprie- tors of the Geelong Woollen Mills and the Ballway department, in connexion with the Barwon flood, have met and selected a third arbitrator, and the inquiry will proceed as Eoon as the parties are ready to bring for- ward their evidence. Messrs. Edward Lang- ton and W. Templeton were chosen in the Erst instance, and they have appointed Mr. J. Warrington RogerB, Q.C., as third arbi- trator. One of the trucks in a special train which was conveying Wilson's Circus to town on Saturday caught fire from a Bpark from the engine; but, with the assistance of some men in tbe truck, Guard Bell succeeded in extinguishing the flamea before much mis- chief had been done. There were several cases of kerosene in the truck, which fortunately were untouched by the Ure. The damaged tea ex Jerusalem, which was ordered to be destroyed, was yesterday saturated with kerosene under the supervi- sion of the customs authorities, and placed on a rubbish heap on the Yarra bank. The death of Mr. John Andrews, chief clerk in the Miningdepartment, ia announced. He succumbed yeBterday at his residence, South Yarra, to an affection of the lungs known aa hromoptyeis, from which he had teen Buffering for upwards of two montha. Mr. Andrewa entered the civil service in 1805, and attained the important position of chief clerk of MineB and Water Supply by the exercise of marked ability and aptitude for official administration. Ho waa respected throughout the department as an able col- league, and esteemed generally for many rare qualities of which he waa the posaessor. The medals awarded by the authorities of the Paris Exhibition of 1878 to the members of the commission for Victoria, and to the gentlemen who took part in the International juries, have arrived in the colony, and are now in course of distribution. At a meoting of the City Council yesterday afternoon, a letter was read from Mr. J. .Wood Beilby, in which the writer pointed out the fact that Bomo two or three miles ¡from Bally Shanassy on the boundary road of Mulgrave parish, there were several oat cropB of freestone. Mr. Beilby also suggested that before stone waa brought from Buch a Jong distance OB Stawell for use in the erection of the new Princo's-bridge, a trial Bhould be made of tho Mulgrave atone, to see if it were not as good for that pnrposo as the Stawell stone. The letter was referred to the Public Works Committee. Councillor levers yesterday, at the meoting of the City Council, proposed a motion con- demnatory of the supposed intention of the Government to turn the Industrial Schools »n the Royal-park into a contagious diseases hospital, and after a brief discussion, the »notion was carried unanimously. The adjourned meeting of juaticea of tho^ peace deairouB of suppreaing larri kinism waa held at the Fitzroy Town hall yesterday afternoon, under the pre. Bidency of the local mayor. It will fco remembered that at the previous Meeting a committeo was appointed to frame resolutions on the matter. This committee yesterday submitted ita re »ort, in which the adoption of the fol- lowing resolntiona was recommended: 1\. That all male persona found guilty before two justices of violent assault or of'wil destruction of or injury to property may, addition to or in lieu of any punishment which they are at present aubject, be ordoi to be whipped-in the case of offenders fr< 10 to IS years of ago to the extent of strokes of the birch rod ; and ia tho case offenders from 15 years of age and upwan to the extent of 25 lashes with the cat nine-taile. 2, That offenders under 15 yei of age ordered to bo flogged shall receive t punishment at the rising of the Court, a that offenders of 15 years of ago and upwar shall be flogged within 21 hours after t rising of tho Court if practicable ; but in case ebal! such punishment be delay beyond one week. 3. That section 26th the ' Folice Offences Statute' relating to o scene, threatening, or abuBive language, & in public, be modified BO that either fine imprisonment, with or without hard Iabot may be imposed in lieu of fine, and default imprisonment, as the law m stands." With regard to the first resol tion, an amendment waa moved to t effect that birching or flogging shoo only be allowed for the Becond or any subs quent offence ; and it was also sUggesteù ÍÍ1 H9 such punishment should be authoris except when a police magistrate was preset Bat the meeting were almost unanimously favour of the resolutions as submitte The amendment, when put to the vol was only supported by seven or cig magistrates, and the first resolution was thi passed, there being still fewer dissentient while the other two resolutions were unai mously adopted. A deputation, consistii of OB many magistrates as can attend, is present the resolutions to the Premier on day to be fixed. About GO.magistrates we present. This attendance was not so lari SB at the meeting on the 11th instant ; bi several magistrates were present yesterdt who were not at the previous meeting. The entries for the Victoria Amateur Tu Club Race Meeting, to be held, cn the U< February, closed yesterday. For the SeUic Race 11 horses are engaged, and as the hai dicap in this race is a self-imposed one, thei should be a good muster at the post, Sixtee horses have been entered for the Hurd Race, most of them being well known pe formers. The Oakleigh Handicap has ti excellent entry of 22 horses. Only 10 youni sters have been entered for the Severam Stakes. The Steeplechase has only sove horses engaged. The St. Valentine's Hand cap bas the fine entry of 88 horses, Wit such excellent entries, there should be a excellent day's racing on the Caulfield cours on the 11th February next. A meeting of the committee of th Athenmum was held last night, Mr, Rusden the president, being in the chair. A draf report was Bubmitted to the meeting, am adopted with a few alterations. Mr. R. L. J Ellery tendered his resignation which wa accepted with regret. The tender of MeBsra Stillwell and Co. for printing the annual repor was accepted, and the meeting closed. There died at Brighton, England on De comber 7, MrB. Isabella M'Lachlan, thi widow of an old Victorian and Tasmania! colonist, and herself a considerable property holder in this colony. Mrs. M'Lachlan ownec freehold land on the Barrubool-hills.Geelong and the Pentland-hills, near Bacchus Marsh, She was in the habit of annually disbursing through her Melbourne representative: (Messrs. Francis and M'Pherson), a con- siderable Bum in public charity, besides being a liberal contributor to the funds of churches erected in the districts with which she was connected whilst residing in Victoria. The late Mr. M'Lachlan was many year's ago s member of the Tasmanian Legislature. Another case in which a person has been committed to a lunatic asylum on an un- founded charge of insanity baa been reported. The matron of the Geelong Gaol, ' Ellen Enright, bad a dispute recently with the governor of the establishment, Peter Dwyer, and the cause of the quarrol having been in- vestigated by Mr. Costiean, inspector-general, that gentleman exonerated the matron. Subsequently it was rumoured that abo waa of unsound mind, and on the ICth inat. she waa committed by Mr. T D. S. Heron, J.P., upon the certi- ficates of Drs. Macklin and Lyttleton, to Kew Asylum. Her friends considering that her detention was illegal, and being confident that her faculties were unimpaired, in- structed Mr. M'Kenn to obtain a writ of Itabeas corpus in order to secure her release. Mr. M'Kean attended at the asylum yester- day, and received the following certifi- cate from Dr. T. T. Dick, medical superintendent :-" Having personally exa- mined Ellen Enright, as well as the other persons in whose immediate care she has been since her admission into this asylum,I certify that there is no longer sufficient causo for her detention, and recommend that Bhe be discharged." A memorandum also handed to Mr. M'Kean was as followa :-" Ellen Enright has been an inmate of this asylum since the 16th inat,, and up to the present bas presented no decided indication of in Banity.-T. T. DICK, Medical Snperinten. dent." Upon receipt of these documents the Chief Secretary gave an order for the discbarge of the person named. Mr. Percival Warburton, the treasurer of the Theat e Royal, was summoned at the District Folice Court yesterday by Constable Bysouth, on a charge of having, on the night of the 0th inst, made use of insulting words with intent to provoke a breach of the peace. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that shortly before 10 o'clock on the night in question Mr. Warburton directed Constable Bysouth'a attention to the fact that a child was crying and causing very great annoyance in the stalls of the theatre, and he requested its immediate removal. The officer declined to interfere, and stated that he was not there for any such purpose, when Mr. War- burton sharply retorted, " What the-are you here for, then?" These were the insult- ing words complained of, and several cor- roborative witnesses were called. For the defence, Mr. F. Stephen admitted that his client used the expression, but he contended that it could under no circumstances whatever be considored insulting. Mr. Call, P.M., said the words were of very small import, and would be con. sidered as nothing if uaed to a person out of uniform, but to persona in uniform a certain amount of respect waa due, and in thia viow of the case tho Bench decided to inflict the nominal penalty of 5a. without costa. Inspector O'Connor, of the Excise depart- ment, iBSued a summonB yesterday against Mr, Henry Thomas Duggin, grocer and wine and Bpirit merchant in the city, charging him with selling mixed Bpirits without causing the labels placed upon the bottles to indicate the fact. The summonB has been made returnable at the City Police Court on Thursday next. It ia stated that the annual meeting of the city justicea, which was held at the police , court on Wednesday last, for the purpose of electing two of their number to act as licensing magiatratea in conjunction with the police magiatrate, for the current year, is invalidated, and will have to be re-held. The act of invalidation is Btated to be an infringement of the 33rd section of the Licensing Act 1870, which contains the following provision :-" Such two justices ahall in the month of January in every year, or a3 often as a vacancy shall occur from death, resignation, or other causes, be Dominatod by a majority of and from amongst tho justices reaident within such licensing dia trict, not being intereated in the manufacture or aale of fermented or spirituous liquora, or in any premises licensed or proposed to be licensed, kc." It is alleged that one of the gentlemen who voted and took a leading^ part at th ~~owner of several hotels, and the matter ia to be brought under the notice of the Crown Law department within the next few days. The election for the vacancies on the com- mittee of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum took place yesterday afternoon at th Atbenrcum, and resulted as follows :-Mr. A Zevenboom, 222 votes ; Mr. J. Darling, 201 Mr. W. Kirkue, 191 j Mr. P. Blaahki, 179 Mrs. Hubbard, 80 ; and Mrs. M'Gregor, 75 Messrs. Zevenboom, Darling, Kirkaa, am Blaahki were elected. The total number o votes was 954, and the number of voter 208. Last night, at Gunsler'a café, the member! of the Melbourne Liedertafel met to begin tin usJ.nl practice for the year, They made tbi practice abort, and at half-post 9 they sa down beforo a well-spread table, with Mr Rudall in the chair, and Herr Siede on thi chairman's right hand. The affair wai a compliment to Herr Siede, whi had previously invited the memben of bia choir to drink wine witt him after the successful performance o the new cantata, entitled " The Occultation of Orion." The choir lost night mustered it etrong force, and amongst the visitors then were some who represented io high de gree the kindred musical societies. Thi toast of the evening was the "Health o Herr Siede," which waa honoured witt genuine enthusiasm. Many part song; wêie BUD£ w»th good effect, and aa t special compliment they were BU 9* Iected from the works of the guest oí the evening. To this and other toasts replies were made in suitable language. Mr. Otto Vogt, the hon. pianist to the Bociety, and Mr, W. Hunter, who used to occupy the same poBition, but who has recently returned from London after much practice, both played pianoforte BOIOB with good effect. The new yacht Assegai, the latest addition to ' the Victorian yacht squadron, was launched at Duke'a dock yesterday. The Assegai, which has been designed and built by Mr. H. R. Murray, is 38ft. Oin. over all by Oft. beam, and 34ft. on the load line. She haa a draught aft of Gft. Oin., her keel gam- bering np to about 3ft, at the same -Stance from the stem. She has a cabin height of nearly 5ft from floor to ceiling, and ia sufficiently roomy in- side to seat a dozen people comfortably, apart from the accommodation for the crew in the forecastle. Shohas a cockpit aft, which ia sufficiently roomy for her steerBman and crew to Bit in when the weather is too rough to keep the decks, The skylight ia made of teak, and fitted with a companion elide, which covers the stairway leading to the cabin, which ia plain but neatly fitted up, with^plenty of lockers under the Beating. There aro also commodious Bail lockers which can be used as banka on a pinch. The Assegai, though she measures only five tone and a half, will carry a great spread of canvas. Patrick James Kennedy, formerly a com- mercial traveller in the employ of Messrs. R. Harper and Co,, merchants, Flinders-lane, was brought up on habeas at the City Police Court yesterday charged with embezzling the moneys of the firm. The prisoner, who ia already undergoing a sentence for forging the signature of a cuatomer of the firm to a cheque, waB formally remanded till Thursday next. Detectives Duncan and Lovie have been engaged during the last few days inquiring into the circumstancea attending the mys- terious death of the yonng man John Walter Cameron at Fitzroy recently, and they have succeeded in obtaining evidence showing conclusively that the deceased met Ma death by an accidental fall from a cab. Thia evi- dence will be submitted at the adjourned inquest on Friday next. A coloured man, giving the name of Conda BoucaB, a Mahommedan, was brought before a magistrate at Collingwood yesterday, and remanded until Friday, on a charge of com- mitting a criminal assault on a girl nine years of age, named Mary Ann Bourke, whoso parents Teaide in Collingwood. The girl alleges that the prisoner called ber into his bouae, and committed the assault. She was taken to the hospital and examined. Somo time during Saturday the Presby- terian Church at the corner of Clarendon and Dorcaa streets, Emerald hill, waa broken into, and a email collection plate, the con. tenta of a contribution box, and two bottles of eacramental wine, were stolen. The matter was placed in the bands of the police, who are of opinion that the robbery waa per- petrated by boya. A labourer employed at the Spencer-atreet railway gooda sheds, named Wm. M'Dowell, aged 47 years, living at Fitztoyatreet, Fitzroy, waa admitted at the Melbourne Hospital yesterday suffering from contusions to the back, He waa loading a truck, from which he accidentally fell, and sustained the i injuries described. A public meeting, very largely attended, convened on requisition, and presided over by the mayor, waa held in the town-hall, Brunswick last evening, to consider the pro- position of the Government to convert the buildings in the Royal-park into a depot for small-pox patienta ahould the neces- sity arise. The various speakers wete very emphatic in their condemnation of such a proposal, and at the same time a de- sire waa expressed not to embarrass the Government in discharging an unpleasant duty. It waB ultimately resolved to leave the matter in the hands of a deputation of the council and auch other burgesses aa might be able to join in the movement. At a meeting of the St. Kilda Council held last night, a communication was received from the agents of the Clifton Mineral Springs Company, Drysdale, requesting the council to grant it the absolute right to occupy for a number of years the whole of that portion of the Esplanade fronting the bathing- houseB, for the purpose of erecting a handsomeBpaonthecontinentalprinciple,and constructing ornamental grounds and ponds. It is estimated that the building, which would bo embellished with Btatues and pic- tures, would cost Beveral thousand pounda. The establishment would be under the super- vision of a medical man. It ia proposed to form lawn tennia courts, a gymnasium, and' to afford other facilities for recreation. The council deferred the consideration of the matter until ita next meeting, in order to ascertain in the meantime if it had the power to grant the permission asked for. At the Malvern Police Court on Saturday ItiBt, Mr. Robert Hunter was unanimously re-elected chairman of the Bench, a position he bus held for many years past. He was also, in conjunction with Mr. Lempriere, elected licensing juatice for the ensuing year. Our Sandhurst correspondent, telegraphing last night, says:-"The bush-fire at Myers' Flat burned all through last night, and is Btill smouldering. However, though two paddocks Buffered severely, the loss is not so great aa at first anticipated, The state Behool had a very narrow eacape, the llamea approaching to within 50 yarda of it. Throughout Sunday night and this morning aa many aa 200 men were engaged beating out the fire. They at last succeeded, and the danger is now past. Along the country swept by the fire dead rabbits can be Been in large numbera. In tho Sandhurst Police Court yesterday (writes our local correspondent), a woman named Cahill, residing near the hospital, was to have appeared againBt her husband, John Cahill, to have him bound over to keep the peace. Arriving late at the court, however, the case waa struck out, and when the couple afterwards met at their home the husband picked up nn axe and struck the woman several times over the head, though without inflicting serious injuries. Afterwards hecutherwristswith aknife. Withherwounds bleeding Bhe at last escaped, and ran through the streets for about half a mile till Bhe arrived at the city lock-up. She was then taken to the hospital, and is reported to be | progreBBing favourably. The Sydney Morning Herald of Saturday writes: - "Additional interest surrounded the departure of tho Lusitania yesterday on account of the fact that the largest propor- tion of her passengers embraced the officers and crew of H.M.S. Wolverene, who are returning to England, BO that citizens of every clasa and grade, from Sir John Robe: eon downwards assembled on board for ti purpose of bidding a final adieu to their mai Irunds of the Royal navy The Governme steamer ThetiB steamed round from ti Wolverene shortly after 11 o clock wi the petty officers, Beamon marine and their baggage After the Thetis hi made fast alongside the Lusitania the wo: of transhipping luggage commenced and ti. was speedily done by tho tars, who mai tamed a continuous line to and from ti steerage of the vessel, as busy as bees, uni the last item of baggage nad been depoaiti in the steerage Then the men bade goo bye to their friends and relations and loi before eight bella had Bounded there wi a rush to shore by those who were n willing to be conveyed to Melbourn The men then crowded the side of the LUE tania, and after Bhe had moved lazily from ti side of the wharf a signal was given by or of the late officers of the Wolverene for thn British cheers which were given lustily, at loudly returned bj the hundreds of peroor crowding about the wharf About half pai 12 the LuBitama moved slowly away, amid waving of handkerchiefs and hats in ever direction As the vessel steamed away, th old band of ,he Wolvereno Btruck up 'Th Girl Î lett behind me,' ' Auld Land Syne and 'Rule Britannia In passing down th harbour a soluto of guns was fired from tb Nelson, the ensign was dipped in the usuc way, and up ascended Commodore Erskine' flag na commander of the Australian station when parting cheers were exchanged Th old adage ' Off with the old love and on wit! the new, will not apply here Many year may pass away before Admiral Wilson am his gallant crew are forgotten, and the de par turo of these tars was marked by a gratify ing feature, which IB perhaps without it parallel, for there was not a single case of in toxication or disorder The Sydney Morning Herald Observes - ' Governments of the colony have durini many years been desirous of obtaining fron the Imperial authorities Garden Island the old commissariat stores at the Circula Quay, the military barracks at Paddington the battery reserve at Dawes Pomt, the forti ficntion lands at Newcastle, the Ordnonci lands at Bathurst, and other lands m varioui districts of the colony retained by the Im penal Government nnder grants to thi Board of Ordnance in England and other wise, and all other lands m thi colony, whether granted or not, auc upon which the Imperial Government possesses any claim At the same tim« ?he Imperial Government has desired te have suitable lands Bet apart and suitable arrangements made in Port Jackson for s naval depOt Much correspondence has taken place between the various Govern mentB of New South Wales and the several commodores who have represented England afloat in these seas-namely, Commodores Stirling, Goodenough, Hoskins and Wilaon the lost named distinguished officer having intimations from the Imperial anthon ties practically to the effect that any recom mendation made by him would be approved by them This matter of so much import ance has occupied the attention of Sir Henry ParkeB and the whole Ministry from time to time throughout the whole course of its ex- istence, and a minute has now been approved by the Cabinet and transmitted to the com modoro through the Governor, undertaking that, on the Imperial Government ceding the lands before mentioned to the colony, this Government will invite Parliament to con eent to the abandonment of the temporary holding by the colonial Government of that portion of tho Dawes Battery reserve which lies east of lower George street, and ia bounded by the waters of Port Jackson and will also invite Parliament to grant sufficient funds for the erection there of a suitable admiral s residence, and stores with proper appliances for a naval yard The commodore has per- sonally intimated to Sir John Robertson that be views this proposal with the greatest favour, of which he will write to him from Melbourne The erection of an admirals residence will do away with the neceaaity of renting the reaidence of the commodore in Macquarie street no v costing £o00 a year The Geelong Advcsliser says that "the public of Geelong and district, as well as those persona hailing from all parts of the colony, m patronising the local races on Thursday and Saturday next, will have an opportunity of witneaamg the ' totaliaator machine at work on the course The machine is to be manipulated in a way that will not come m contact with the law The ' outside public reserve at the racecourse has been purchased for the coming annual meeting of the Geelong Racing Club by Mr Franck the owner of the 'totaliaator A portion of the reserve has been fenced off and this will contain the machine and appliances used m the form of betting on the races - Sportsman s Club has been formed m Geelong, and a number of gentlemen of good repute in thia town have become members of ita committee The totalisator will be the property of the club, wbilat the rulea regulating it will be solely under the committees control, the proprietor of the machine Mr Tranck, being the recognised agent A small fee is charged for membership and members will be subject to specified rules All members and their friends who obtain admiBBion to the clubs enclosure at the races on the days named will bo entitled to participate in the ad vantages offered by the totaliaator to those who desire to invest their money on the vanous horses The Pall Mall Budget of December 0 writes as follows of Count Kalnoky, the new Pnme Minister of Austria -" Count Kal nolty B appointment ia regarded by men of all Bhades of política in Austria Hungary as in dicative of a desire to effect a i approchement with Rueeia AB Baron Haymerle was Bum moned from Rome they say, to bring about the good understanding with Italy which has been attested by the visit of the King to Vienna so Count Kalnoky has been Bent for from St Petersburg to come to terms with Russia and which is soon to be at tested by an Imperial interview The Russian press exults over the sudden transformation which has taken place in the tone of the Austrian and Hungarian papers, all sections of which hail the appointment as a pledge of European peace The only noto of uneaeineaa has been sounded in quarters j where it is feared that the drawing closer together of the three great Imperial powers bodea no good to liberalism in Europe, and mdicatea an anxiety in the East ns to the possible resulta of M Gambetta s accession to power in tho Weat At present however the efforta of Count Kalnoky will be directed to preaene the status quo, to keep the peace and probably to propitiate the Slavs Count Kalnoky ia among the youngest of the 'statesmen and Bov6reignB of Europe Prince Bismarck is aittj eight Mr Glad stone Beventy two Prince GortBchakoff eighty three Count Kalnoky was bom in 1832 and is consequently of the same age as Count Ignatieff Ile ia BIX jears older than M Gambetta and seven years younger than Count AndraaBy Like moat of the men who are now in power mLurope always except mg M Gambetta bia birthplace must bo sought near the northern boundary of the empire over which ho presides Tho Kal nokjs are an ancient Moravian house at whose anceatral scat in Letowitz Gustavo Si"ismund Kalnoky was bom on the 29tü of December 1832 Regarding tho ex Empress Eugenie and her new residence the Bud ling andLngineer v / limes saye - 1 rom a private correapon dent we leam that during the nbaence of tho Tnipress from England a course of extensive alteration and additiona nre being carried out at the manaion which the Empresa has purchased at Tamborough HantB This pro perty which the Empress acquired from the family of the late well known publisher, Mr Longman and which she intends to make her permanent residence so Boon as tho necesBary elaborations are completed, ia situated about three and a half miles from Aldershot, and within an easy distance of Farnborough station. Some idea of the mi>£ nitudeof the work in progress and the style of mansion may be gleaned from the fact that £100,000 ia quoted as the least posaible coat up to the time of taking possession, and it ia probable that other additions may yet remain to be made. An important proposition was submitted a fow days back on behalf of the EmpreeB to the local vestry, affecting an ancient right-of-way arroBS ono portion of tho estate. It appears that an old highway penetrates thegroundacquired by tbeEmpreaa, which she ia desirous of making private, and the proposal was that in lieu of this highway a new road should be formed, wider and more convenient for the inhabitants, and given to the vestry. Captain Elliott and Mr. George Lillywhite Bubmitted a resolution that the proposal be agreed to, and the subsequent voting of the vestry conceded the point. It may be mentioned hero that the late Empress I has assumed the title of ' Countess de Pierre i fonds, relict of hia late Majesty Napoleon III.,' and she still maintains her intention of having a magnificent mausoleum erected on the Farnborough ostato in which to deposit the remains of her late husband and son." "At a recent public dinner in Boston,'1 says a San Francisco paper, "Dr. Lyon Playfair, the deputy speaker of the English House of Commons, waa entertained by the Commercial Club, and in an address he pointed out the great difficulties which must nttendany thorough reform of the civil service, bnt showed, also, that it was entirely prac- ticable, and that once accomplished, ita benefits were incalculable. Dr. Playfair waa president of the commiaaion appointed by Lord Beaconsfield to reorganise the civil Bervico system, and is therefore in one BenBe the author of the English system aa it now stands. Under that system the power of members of Parliament to ob- tain placea for their friends, or the power of publio men to distribute places, has been practically abolished. In describing what had been done in this particular, and how thorough waa the reform, ho said : "Practically, except In one or two offices, patronage has ceased to exist in the English civil service. In the last Ministry I waa PoBtmnator-General, and nominally had be- tween 40,000 and 50,000 appointments in my ' gift. In reality, I had not one. Even the higher offices were competed for by any person in the aervice of the post-office, and thç claim? were adjudicated by a com- mittee of experts, BO that the Minister waa a non-conforming officer. It will be a 6pî_'2_,d day for the United States when they base their civil aervice on an open com- petitive system. Political morality ia immensely improved by such a Sys- tem. Since we adopted it in England the House of Commona has become much I elevated in independencoandpoliticalmorals, The education of the country hna also re- ceived an untold influence. I know what bad taste it ia for a foreigner to visit a country, and lecture it upon ita political institutions, but I am not doing that. I am rather watching with admiration your own efforts to secure a civil service reform, and having been employed as a pilot in thia atormy aea, though in another country, I wish to point out aome of the advantagea of our system. To me, as a constant visitor among yon, it is with hope and joy that I seo the people becoming earnest in this matter, for you cannot rear a moro lofty platform on which to elevate the political morality as well aa the social welfare and edncation of the people than a reformed civil service." Dr. Jamieaon giveB notice, by advertise- ment, that he will begin hia lectures to mid vtivea on Wednesday, 1st February. Mr. W. James Mogg, solicitor, of St Arnaud, baa been appointed a commiasioner of the Supreme Court of New Zealand for taking affidavits in Victoria. The following is the report of the Mel- bourne Hospital for sick ohildren for the week ending January 21 :-Patients in hospi- tal, 34 ; admitted drring the week, 17 ; dis- charged, 8 ; died, 0 ; remain in hospital, 43. Total number of ont-patienta for the week, 484 ; new casea, 05 ; caaualties, 25, A public meeting will be held at the old Tradea'-halI,'Lygon-atreet, this evening, to protest against the sale of a portion of the Melbourne Gaol reserve. The chair will be taken at 8 p.m. The annual picnic of tho Master Bakers' Association takes place to-morrow at Mor- dialloc. A train will leave Melbourne at 9 am. Mr. George Robertson has sent na The Al manac of Australia and Official liecordfor 1882, a handy volume, which compresses into a small compass a large quantity of useful information about the different colonies ; and from Messrs. Gordon and Gotch we have the Geograph;/ of Oceania, by William Morris, rector of Bundaberg, Queensland, which is aleo a useful volume. The number of viaitora to the National MuBenm of Natural Hiatory and Geology for the week ending 21st January waB 1,324. The museum ia open to the publio daily (Sundays exceptad), from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., in the national museum building at the back of the University. From Mr. Samuel Mullen we have received another of Caldecott'B charming picture books for children, entitled The Farmer's Bon, which ia full of gracefully-drawn and richly humourous illustrations (London: George Rontledge and Sons) ; also, an illustrated edition of Mark Twain's delightful atory, The Prince and Otc Pauper (London : Chatto and Windus). These works have just arrived by the s.a. Liguria. The Melbourne Total Abstinence Society's weekly public temperance meeting will be held thia evening in the Temperance-hall, Ruaaell-street, when the platform will be occupied and the meeting conducted by members of the Wcsleyan Methodist Confer- ence, at present in session in this city. Tho chair will be occupied by the Rev. J. G. Millard, president of the conference, ' and addresses will be delivered by the Reva. A. Inglis and A. Powell, and Meaara. Lancaster and S. King. Selections of music will be given between the addresses, Miss Louisa Laughton presiding at the piano. 