LARGE FIRE NEAR QUORN. Our correspondent writes on the evening of November 8:—" The bush-fire which has been burning since Sunday morning last should be a warning to parties lighting fires recklessly in Buch dry weather as we are having, when grass will burn like tinder. Although it is not known exactly how this fire originated, it is supposed by many that it has been caused by some one setting light to rubbish where men have been clearing land, and perhaps leaving it burning or else allowing it to gain mastery over them by letting it go too far without stopping it, or it is possible it may have originated through some parties who go out nearly every Sunday shooting wallabies, and who may possibly have been using pa]?er or some other combustible matter for wads. So far the most serious damage done is the destruction of a large quantity of grass, co veringan extent of country at least ten miles long and varying in width, which grass would have fed a large number of cattle through the summer that may now starve to death; and the most surprising feature is that very few farmers seemed at all concerned about this destruction of grass and immense risk to wheat crops and other property. Mr. R, Smith, J.P., the manager of Mount Ardeu Station (although most of the land which the fire has passed through has been resumed) turned out with a lot of the station employes, and was hard at work during nearly the whole of Tuesday in the terrific heat of the weather,added toby the immense heat of the fire, trying to impede the progress of the conflagration and preventing its spreading by beating it with wet bags. Had it not been for Mr. Smith's exertions it would no doubt have spread to a much more alarming extent; as it is, the fire is Btill burning in the scrubby part of Peryman's farm, in close proximity to their growing crop of wheit, and also very close to James Gordon's, A. Herde's, and Miller's wheat crops, who nave taken the precaution of burning a tract of land about one chain wide between the fire and their wheat paddocks, and although these crops are now, comparatively speaking, out of danger, should the wind, which has changed five or six times since the fire started, blew strongly from the south or south- west, serious damage may yet be done to property. The wind is now from the north, and the fire is still burning in Pery man's land among porcupine grass and m&Uee; scrub on a hill and not two miles from the township, and if the wind does not change it may possibly burn out to-night." [By Telegraph. 1 Quorn, November 10. The bush fire is now out. Besides great loss of grass Messrs. Perryman and Herdes bad a quantity of fencing destroyed. No wheat was burnt. To-day from the north clouds of dust axe blowing, and the sky is dark and threatening. A sprinkling of rain has commenced to fall, and we anticipate a downpour soon, which would interfere with haymaking. 