pith and point. Businoss at tho Capo is vory doprossod and trado oporationB aro rostrictod. 0 vor.spocula- tiou in diamond sharos and tho drought are tho principal causes. Captain Ohatfield, of tho Ringarooina, goos homo to bring out ono uf the now Htouiuora for tho Union Company of Now Zoaland. Tho Portland Guardian statos that Messrs Skono Brothors havo sold tlioir station and purposo leaving tho district. Mr Childors is montionod as a probablo auccosBor to Sir Ilenry Brand, who is likoly to resign tho Speakership of tho Houso of Commons during tho year. 'Tho lato Mr Inspector Brooko Smith was popular nfc Ararat, wiioro ho was onco stationed, llo was tho moving spirit in tho first grand ball givon thoro, upon tho occasion of Sir Henry Barkly's visit in 1858. Thoy aro praying for rain in Soutli Aus- tralia. Mrs Piorcy (M ihr Dargon) recitod Pontonoy at I ho St. Patrick's Day banquet, at YVagga Wngga. Payable gold has boon struck at Woodstock, , near Ilokitikfi. and a uumbarof claims havo boon pegged off. ThoN. S. W. Govcmmont has docidod to proceed with tho Cook Itivor Tramway, Sir Gcorgo Strnhnn is a practical man, and dislikes tho restraints which nro placod u>on a Governor of a constitutional colony. Ila freoly criticises, and upon a rocont visit to tho Boys' Home, Hobart, ho noticod that brushes and combs wero scarce, and upon tho following day sent ono for each inmato. Messrs Joubart and Twoponoy havo issuod invitations to tho principal Maori-Chiefs to visit tlio Christchurch Exhibition. MrTownsond MaaDormatfc, formerly Soli- citOr-Goneral of Victorin, is now in nractico at Duncdin, Ho robains his old stylo of cross- examining witnosscs. Lord St. Leonards was an applicant for tho oflico of Chief of Polico, at Birmingham, re cently. Tho appointment is worth L700 a f'Ofir, but Bruminngora rofuBod to confer it on lis lordship. Tho incident has givon riso to much gossip in Englaud. Sir llorculcs Robinson's horses aro still in Now Zealand, nud woro very succo89ful at ono or two recont meetings. Tho Zetland spots would bo wolcomed again in victoria. Whilo Londoners wero gazing at Mrs Lang- try, Mr J. L. Toole was making mirth for his Royal inastov at Sandringham. Tho Princa 1ms alwnya taken great intcscst in this oxoel- lent comedian, aud took advantage of tho opportunity offer d by a littlo supper after tlio performance to propose Mr Tuolo s health in vory gracoful torins. Tho Irish papers announce that tho socond volumo of Sir Gavin Duffy's New Ireland will bo published simultaneously in Paris, Loudon, and New York in thoboginuingof July. Sir Henry Parkos has been presontod to the Prince of Wales, and has interviewed Earl Kimberley and other public men. Tyson, tho missing accountant of tho Bank of Tasmania has boon heard of at Syduoy, en route for Sim Francisco. Ho is a defaulter to tho oxtont of L500 and a warrant has boen issued. Thoro is small-pox at Hay ti, 4100 persona have died. Rumour says that Sir G. C. Stralmn is to bo married to an English # youug lady, whoso parents formerly resided iu Lauiicos'ou. There continues a strong anti-Russian fooling iu Germany, Mr G. Is M'Cormack is to bo offerod tho appointment of Polico Magistrate. - The death is announced of Mr Charles Kor- not M.L.A., at Geeloug, Tho diflicultioB in Basutoiand aro at an ond. A serious affray 'has taken placo botwoon two regiments in Galway. Mr Chomloy is statod to hnvo recommended a thorough reorganisation of tho dobeobive forco. . _ It was proposed by the Egyptian Govern ment to fortify the Suez caual, but the groat powers refiiso poi-mission. Mrs Glassou was burnt to death at Billarat on Saturday, and a girl named Mary Seehtig died at Geolong from a similar accident. A rush basset in at Calliope, , Queensland, where gold was first dishonored In 1858. H.M.S. Diamond, a now vosboI for tlio Aus tralian squadron, has arrived at Ereemantlo, from tho Capo. Sho relloves H.M.S, Emornld. , . . Captain Mitcholl, one of tho authorities npon whom tho Age relios for its information with referonce to the designs ot Russia, is well known in Hobart, A friendly competition between tlio ICow, South Yarra and Simpson's Itoad Kiro Bri gades took place ou Saturday, Thoro wo e several hundred persons prosenb. The Commissioner of Customs and Public Works, accompaniod by Mr P. C. Mason, M.L.A. , and Superintendent Rabat, reached the Gippsland Lakes yesterday. . Extensive bush-fires have boon experienced ill tho Western districts. . . It is proposed to establish an Old Colonists Association, at Adelaide. . Tho Wahgunyah races woro hold on Satur day whou somo good sport was 'witnessed. ' - A- -young man, named Adolphus Duncan, .'teacher at tho Taosdale State-school, wai accidently shot dood on Saturday wlion out turkey shooting on Hosso Plains. ' \- Mr Bent has not yet decided upon the sito for. tho Brunswick railway station. ' Tho sudden death of Mr G. H, Barbour, the well-knOiyn squatter, has cast a gloom ovorthe Beechworth district. Mr Barbour plantod the first willows in Yictoria'from slips brought from St. Helena. ; The Geclong Advertiser thinks that in the event' of war this colony would do well to de clare its mdepeudenco. ) Mies Konneify, daughtor of tlio Governor of , Queensland, evidently agrees with Mrs Lrosbia (Ought wo to .visit hor) that "good- manners are the small change of good morals,' and in- . jinrsuanco Of this bolief sho has olfored a prize J to tlio' Grammar school boy who could make tlie.-bcst bow." Tho contest should bo intoros- . 'jFhb. Launceston people intond to prosant Captain A.,T. Woods, who so long commanded qhe steamers trading from there to Melbourne with a testimonial. 4 .. . "Mi Mathew Burnott'fl tomnerance meetings in Soutli Australia havo boon intqrforrod with ar.d .interruptions caiisod by BOiue person throwing carbon into tho room. .. . The Moonta gas works havo boen sola at auction for l2000. ' . Mr C. E. Jones, in reply. to an invitation to lecture at Hamilton, states that ho Is engaged kneo-deop up to Good Friday Tho Marquis do Villenouvo is to marry next- month, Princess Jeanne, daughter of. Princo Pierre Ponaparto. Thoy became acquainted by contributing one tbo preface, and tho othor tho illustra ions of the forthcoming pocina of Wm. Bonaparto VVzao. ; . T lnn/. . ., Sara Bernhardt pays a fino'of IrlOOO to tho National Theatre, Paris, to' break her ongago- m Tlio S. M. Horald saye that tho aoeounte of tho diatroBe at Mount Browne are exaggerated. The great want is wator. I . .. Fourtoon thonaand gallons of wator are being aont daily from Adelnido to ICadma, and the population thero aro still appealing for ""Tho proposed Easter volunteer oncampment at Adelaiae, is not likely tn come off. Tiio receipts of the Melbourne General Ccmotory last year woro L12.B72, ' It is Btated that Sir Arthur Gordon has received leave to visit Eugland immediately, and that it is unlikely that ho will return to Now Zealand, but will ontor the diplomatic eervico. Sir Arthur's early departure ts a source of much joy to the colonists. Baker and Farron return to Australia noxt Christmas. " . The Mayor of Sydney has boon visiting the various churches and schools in tbo city and found their ventilation imperfoct. Thoro aro 1500 RochabitOB iu South Aus tralia. Tho Hon. RusboII mot with a nasty acomont on Thursday, He (ell .from his ho.rso and his log was so severely injured that he has since been confined to his bod. Morse, who inventod tho telograph. and Boll, tho inventor of tho telephone, both iiad deaf mute wives. Little comment irf- necessary, but just see what a man can accomplish when ftvorytUing ia quiet. ' 