NEWS AND NOTES. The Royal Commission on Tariff will sit at the City Hall on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 18th and 19th instants, to take evidence on mining, ironfounding, agriculture, and other industries, and in order to make it as thoroughly representative ns possible, the chairman hopes those interested m the various leading industries will meet and appoint wit* nesses to give evidence. Another sensation was caused at the Western railway station last evening through the rubbish heap on the eastern side of the embankment again showing symptoms of being on fire, smoke aud flame issuing from the side and top. Head-porter Martin and hia assistants at once proceeded to the spot, and, after some difficulty, succeeded in quenching the fire, at least for the time, being. It baa now been established almost beyond a doubt that this immense heap or rubbish is a slumbering volcano on a small scale, and the only measure that can be taken to ensure safety will be the immediate and entire removal of the immense pile of dibris. The trains arriving at Ballarat yesterday from the metropolis were all behind time, and as a consequence the Maryborough, Stawell, aud other trains were delayed in starting. This was specially noticeable last night, the train due from Melbourne at 10.20 p m. being more than 15 minutes late. The tempestuous weather is probably the reason given for yesterday's delays. The high wind last night blew down a mass of wood-work which has done duty for very many years as a over Mr Pinkerton's printer’s shop, in Lydiard street, next to Craig’s hotel. The whole structure foil with a great crash on to the footpath, aud smashed up into a hundred pieces. Fortunately no one was passing at the time, or some serious injury would have been done; if hot Hfo lost. A number of persons set to work to clear the wreck away, so as to prevent the footpath being blocked up, and thus disappeared another relic of tbe past enterprise of Ballarat. A wood-truck ran off the line near the cattle yards yesterday morning, but was replaced without causing any unnecessary delay of traffic. The membere of tbe various trades in Bal larat are moving in the matter of the erection of a trades' hall in some central portion of the city. Such a building will supply a want that has lung been felt by the working men of the community. A most miraculous escape from a fatal accident occurred a few days ago at the local butts during tbe firing of some rifle club matches. It appears that two young lads were acting as markers for tbe riflemen, and during the progress of the firing one of the youths had occasion to leave cover and proceed to the target for tbe purpose of wiping off a bullet mark. Before the young marker had quite finished hie task one of the marks* men, who was firing from a long range, nob observing the small human object dia charged hia rifle at the target. Fortunately the rifleman did not take a true aim, as tbe bullet passed under the boy's arm without even injuring hia coat. Had the small pro jectile proceeded in a direct line with the centre of the target, the lad would un doubtedly have been killed. Wo have not heard whether the marker carried a red flag in his hand; if not a breach of the regulations had been committed, and tbe marksman could not have been held responsible had anythiog serious taken place. The case of the man Gallon, charged with lunacy, has been brought under our notice, as one that is deserving of the attention of the Chief Secretary, inasmuch as it shows the necessity which exists for proper temporary accommodation being provided for lunatics in Ballarat. This unfortunate man was brought before tbo City bench last week and remanded lor a: week, so that the necessary medical examination might be made. The week Gallon has to spend locked up in a cell at the City lock up, and although supplied with nourishing food, he is denied that which is perhaps most essential for his complete recovery, should he not be incurable, light, air, aud exercise. The solitary confinement in the cell, with nothing but tbe creatures of his overheated imagination for companions, is sufficient of itself to eend : a. sane man mad, and how incalculably worse must it be for the individual who may be so unfortunate as to be suffering from a tempo rary aberration of tbe intellect caused through tbe excessive use of intoxicating liquors. In a city of such importance as Ballarat it almost seems incredible that no proper accommoda tion has yet been provided for tbe temporary reception of lunatics, especially when it is con sidered that to them, light, air, and companion ship as a rule, have a soothing tendency. It is to be hoped that the matter will betaken up'by the citizens, and the “ powers that be” moved to have this, very necessary want speedily attended to. The weather yesterday was of a tempestuous nature, a strong wind- from the south-east blowing during the whole of the day. Ihiu commenced to fall at an early hour in the morning, and contimu l with slight Intervals up. till the time of going to press.' The day altogether was of an exceedingly wintry description, and top-coats, ulsters, were, brought into general use. The wind, though' strong and gusty, so far ns Could be ascer tained, did no damage other -than to blow down a signboard in Lydiard street; but the pierciug coldness of the wind, together; with the rain’ which.it ‘drove in; showers before, it,: was sucK. aa, to render/matters.exceed* ingly. -uncomfortable to . pedestrians, - conse- the streets V wore ? -;a; -’'deserted appearance : from'an early bour. J : . The change in ,tho weather, if experienced" all over tbe colony,- farmers aud. graziers, to whom matters were beginning to wear's'serious aspect,.,‘\Ye are glad to learn from biA: 'exchangesthat the rain has been general, and that similar weather has been cxperienccd_abfSaridhurat, Geelong, and elsewhere,.,throughout .the ; colony,,We think the country- may- be- completebreaking up b! theory weather which, so disastrous. . r . , .» v .... The v adjourned 7 federal"rmeetingwith reference to the Fight - was held, last - evening, ; atthe B uck’a /Head hot»l,. There Mr? Ballaptyne .in'; thejeh^i-r ; The minutes of the previous meeting having .been read and confirmed, the report.,of the Jconi mittee waa read, and adapted. This showed that the arrangements for the excursion to .Melbourne -had • .almost-.;'been . completed* Correspondence was read? from the secre tary of the Melbourne Eight- ‘ Hours’. Anniversary Committee, forwarding posters of the sports to be held on the 21st April, aud‘ tickets for ■ admission to the grounds; .also., stating that they would do all in their power to make the Ballarat people welcome,, and that the latter would be met at the station by some of the members of the Association. A letter was also read from the Bailway Depart* meht stating that tickets for theexcursion would be forwarded at once. It was decided that as soon as these came to band advertise ments should be inserted in the papers, stating where they could be obtained. Mr William Evans was elected treasurer, vice Mr Muir, who had resigned.on account of ill-health, A suggestion was made that, next year’s anniver sary should be carried out on a more extensive scale, and that meetings should be held earlier in the year, for the purpose of taking steps to build a trades' ball in Ballarat, The suggestion apparently met with the hearty approval of all present. The meeting terminated, after haying passed the customary vote of thanks to the chair. Our Beaufort , correspondent - writes as follows:— 11 A most disastrous fire occurred at Waterloo at about 3 o’clock on Sunday morn ing last, resulting in the total destruction of the Royal Mail hotel," the property of Mr E. Ingram, and licensed by Miss Helen Ingram. The whole of the building was destroyed, together with its contents, not a single article being saved. The fire is supposed to . have been caused by some clothes, which were hung on a "horse” in front of the kitchen fire, igniting. The occupants had not .time to save anything; escaping in their night dressses, Mr Ingram states that there was about £3O in cash in the house and a quantity of jewellery, which waa also lost. The building, stock, and furniture were insured in the Queen Company for £500, and a billiard table for £75 in the Union Company of Hew Zealand.” At the shop of Mr Welch, jeweller, Sturt street, on Saturday night, were seen some gold and silver medals manufactured for prizes to be awarded at the Buninyong Fire Brigade sports on Easter Monday.' There were many admirers of the articles, and the work done certainly speaks well fur the talent of Mr Welch. The Eclectic Association of Ballarat met last evening in the Mechanics’ Institute, and the secretary, Mr Lorimer, read a paper contri buted by an Eclectic, entitled “ Is the doctrine of future rewards and punishments taught in the Old Testament !” The paper created a considerable amount of discussion, as it con tained a great number of points strongly argued from a purely free- thought standpoint. A vote of thanks was carried unanimously to the writer for his paper, and to Mr Lorimer for reading it. In the absence of Mr C. B. Finlayson, the president, Mr J. P. Stevens occupied the chair. The number of miners’ rights registered with Mr David Christy, mining registrar, yesterday was 60 for residence areas, indepen dent of 43 new applications. A horse, attached to a spring-cart caused some excitement in Bridge street yesterday afternoon. The animal without any apparent reason, bolted from opposite M’Kay’s grocery establishment, and proceeding down Bridge, street collided with a Brown Hill cab. The force of the collision overturned the vehicle breaking one of the springs. Beyond that fracture, no further damage was done. In spite of the inclement weather yesterday evening there was a fair attendance at the Rowing Club’s Bazaar. To night is the last night, and as the goods must be disposed of splendid bargains can be secured in all kinds of goods. To morrow evening, at 8 o’clock, the remaining goods and properties will be sold by auction. Everything must be cleared off, and no doubt the public will not lose the chance afforded for securing some excellent purchases. The nomination of competitors in the fishing excursion to bo held on Wednesday by the Ballarat Anglers’ Association, will not be closed until 8 o’clock this evening, to give members living at a distance time to send in their names. It is expected that there will be a good attendance of members of the associa tion. The Rev. Mr Knee preached at the Ross’ Creek Church last Sunday a funeral sermon to the memory of Mrs Phillips, the late wife of Mr William Phillips, farmer, Ross’ Creek. During the impressive sermon of the reverend gentleman, and the singing of a favourite hymn of the late Mrs Phillips’, that Christian feeling “ weep with them that weep" was evident. The hospitality of the late Mrs Phillips was not only known to her immediate neighbours, but also to many at a distance. From her youth she had been a member of tho Independent Church. The loss of her liberality to the church, as well as her regular attend ance, will be deeply felt. We were last evening shown the handsome goldunounted ebony ba> -,-u which was presented a few days ago to air J. Bailey, organist at St. Paul’s Church. The baton was the gift of the ladies and gentlemen connected with tho choir. With regard to the baton, wo may state that it is a splendid piece of workman ship, and reflects the greatest credit on the manufacturer, Mr W. Bennett, the well-known jeweller, of Bridge street. The. elegant pre sent bears the fallowing inscription:—“Pre sented to J. Bailey, Eaq., by the ladies and gentlemen forming the choir for the able manner in which be conducted several success ful choruses at tho late Eisteddfod.” The baton will be on view in Mr Bennett’s shop window to day. The residents of Ballarat East are now beginning to get a little extra police protection. Last evening there were four constables doing the block, but, to use the expression of one guardian of the peace, “ Divil a ha'p’orth was there to do." The streets of Ballarat Esst last night were quite-deserted; the corners were abandoned by larrikins, tho cold rainy weather having evidently compelled these worthies to seek warmer quarters. By the a.s., Sorata, a number of nuns have arrived from Europe. Six of these came to Ballarat yesterday from the metropolis, and proceeded at once to their destiuation at the Loretta Convent, A meeting of the farmers of the Bungaree and Warrenheip districts will be held in the Hibernian Hall, Bungaree Junction at 7 o'clock on Thursday evening to take into con sideration the necessity of the revision of the existing tariff,-as far as it affects the interests of the farming community. An official inspection of the Ballarat battalion of volunteers will take place to morrow night. The volunteers attending must be arrayed in marching order, with great coats rolled, and helmets to bo worn. In addition all the baggage intended for the en campment must be at the Orderly Room to morrow night. This evening a treat of no ordinary kind is in store for those who may assemble at the Mew Congregational Church, The Rev. S: Macfarlauo will lecture on “ Mew Guinea, its people, and its resources," and as from his 10 years of pioneer missionary work on the large and interesting island'in question, his know leuge must be both_considerab!e and accurate. An' opportunity of gaining much valuable in formation will be afforded. To the Christian, the philanthropist, and the scientist Mew Guinea is one of the most interesting places on the face of the globe. Mr Macfarlane is a missionary of the London Missionary Society. The theatre-going public will learn with pleasure that the Academy of Music will be re-opened on Easter Monday night by Mr W. J. Holloway and his talented dramatic com* pany. The.play chosen for the opening is the military drama, "Paul’s Victory," which is replete with startling events and humorous situations, while the scenery is entirely new, having been painted expressly for the occasion. The company, wo hear, - has been considerably 7 augmented, and now includes Mr G. P. Carey, and Miss Etoise Juno, both of whom are general favourites. Miss Annie Mayor is still a member of the company, so it will be seen that Mr W. J. Holloway has done his best to provide the public with first class entertain ments, which the loveis of the drama will not : be ;slow to recognise. The man Gallon who was brought before the City bench last week and remanded on the charge of lunacy, was examined yesterday morning by Dr. Bradford, who refused to cer tify to his insanity, considering that with care and attention the sufferer might eventually recover. While Gallon was undergoing exami nation he made an attempt to get out of the cell in which he is confined, but was pre vented from so doing by Constables Valentine and Corrigan. At tho Smythesdale Police Court on Mon day, an bid man named' George Gale waa brought before, Mayor- Procter on .a.charge -of vagrancy.’ He' was' seht lo tbo' Ballarat Gaol for- six months.' t-i"’ - ojji.v.cij <:;« r-- time ago there appeared a report in the ofar,.(writea.acorrespondent) that an-, ex-, tensive and dangerous bushfire had broken out 1 m Mount --Bolton.,- The, head ,teacher of tho.-- Ercildoune school, becoming aware pf the fact,' despatched twenty of bis senior scholars to assist the stern fire fighters. These boys, it appears, rendered very efficient service, and materially assisted, to ‘keep the fire within* bounds. The only interested property owners present were Messrs Edmonston and Baber/ but amongst the absent ones Mr Thomas' Bath, of Ceres, is numbered, and this gen* tlemen, hearing of the boys* sturdy .efforts to save property, sent last week a quantity of fruit for . distribution amongst : those who assisted. However, Mr Bath’s present was on so liberal a scale that the teachers were enabled to treat the whole school. It is needless to say.that hearty : cheers were accorded to the donor,-; Mysterious rumours are in circulation to the. effect that poaching is being carried on at Lake Wendouree, and. in consequence of the reports the' Ballarat north police are. stated to be on the alert. Margaret Darragh made her fifteenth appear* anca before the Town bench yesterday for drunkenness. VAs she had not recovered suffi ciently from the effects of her last debauch she was remanded until the 10th inataut. Our Jewish fellow citizens have been making their usual preparations for the annually re* curring Passover holidays/ which this year commence today, include".'tomorrow, and extend till the last two days of the festival— -1 Monday and Tuesday in next week. .. As the debt on the Capo Clear Wesleyan Chapel has become somewhat reduced, though still heavy for a poor district, an effort baa been determined on to raise funds for thoroughly lining the building, so as to render it com* fortable during the /winter months; and bn Friday evening last a very .'successful com*, mencement was made by holding a fruit soiree in the chapel, over which.Mr John Bird very ably presided, promising also a liberal donation to the funds. Capital addresses ware given by the Revs. E. 0. Knee and Youlton, and by Messrs Binder and Dunstan. The choir, under Mr'Wallace, sang well, Mias Annie Armstrong presiding at the harmonium in her usual excellent style. The pleasant -social affair, which proved quite a financial success, ter* minated with a vote of thanks to the ladies who dispensed the coffee and fruit, the choir, speakers, and chairman; proposed by Mr Crowe and seconded by Mr Boyd. ■ VYe are informed that the inspection of the various mines in; Ballarat East by the health officer and inspector of nuisances has been con* eluded. It will be remembered that the tour of inspection , was initiated for the purpose of ascertaining l the truth of statements made to the effect that dynamite fumes were, issuing from several claims in Ballarat East. Nothing of a serious nature was discovered during the visit of inspection. In volunteer circles the desirability of re* constituting the whole of our defence force on a stipendary basis under the Discipline Act, making a certain number of daylight parades imperative, is (says the Ifcrald) being seri ously discussed. Many officers of long expe* rience in the service allege that, while not desirous of remuneration for themselves, it is absolutely essential to the men, in order to establish them on such, a basis that they would form a reliable defence. The man Johnston Ormiaton, who is charged with having brutally assaulted a woman named Fisher, with whom he lived, was (says Mon* day’s Mail) brought up this morning at the Sandridge Police Court and further remanded for a week, as the woman, whose leg was broken in two places, still remains in a very low state in the Melbourne Hospital. An influential meeting of the residents of Kingston was (says Monday Creswick Adver tiser) held at the Commercial hotel on Friday evening, for the purpose of taking steps to secure telegraphic communication; also to decide where the terminus of the proposed new railway should be. Messrs Parkin and Leishman, members of the shire council, were present, the former being voted to the chair. Nearly all the principal residents were also present, and Mr. J. Bales having been ap pointed secretary, the following resolutions were submitted and carried unanimously : Moved by Mr Briusdeu, seconded by Mr McAndrew— 41 That application be made to the PostmastepQeneral to open a telegraph office at Kington, and that the members of Parliament for the district be asked to support the application.” Moved by Mr Qreig, seconded by Mr Dawes— 11 That a petition be prepared and signed by the residents of Kingston and neighbourhood, and forwarded with the application.” Moved by Mr Kossell, seconded by Mr Clarke—“ That a letter bo written to the Minister of Hallways asking for tho survey of the line of railway from Creswick to Daylesford via Kingston, and the members of Parliament be asked to support the applica* tion.” ■ Moved by Mr Thurlby, seconded by Mr Gore—“ That adeputatiou from this meeting, consisting of Messrs Greig, Bales, Rossell, McAndrew, Ewalt, and Daws, wait on the shire council ou Thursday next to ask its co* operation in obtaining telegraphic communica tion, and also the survey of a line of railway with terminus at present at Kingston.” In one building in Geelong over 4000 bags of grain have been stored, in view of a rising market for breadstuff's and feeding grains. A section of Lillydale Hue from Hawthorn to Camberwell will (says Monday’s Aye) bo opened for traffic to-day. In consequence of the arrangements not being complete only four trains daily will at present be run from Mel* bourne to Camberwell. The stations are to be called Middle Hawtboru, Upper Hawthorn, aud Camberwell. On the Ist April was published at 83 Queen street, Melbourne, the first number of The Australian Woman's Magazine and Domestic Journal. It is said to be projected by women for women, aud, as far as we cau see, it is likely to be very useful and instructive to those for whom it is projected. It contains a number of tales, poetry, sketches, essays, the fashions, aud music, besides notes on fancy work, cooking, &c.; We think that this magazine is likely to supply a want felt in this colony, and we hope to see good practical advice given to the rising generation of girls, who stand in some need of it. Further charges will be (says Monday’s Aye) preferred against Mr Lyon at Trentham on Wednesday next, for breaches of the forest regulations. One of tho newly appointed magistrates will preside, as Mr Taylor, who is police magistrate of the district, has requested that some other magistrate should act iu his stead on that day, Mr Lyon being one of the defendants who will appear before the court. Mr Taylor has taken this course because Mr Lyon acted -in au offensive manner towards him, at the Trentham railway station, after the hearing of the former charge?, and he feels that it would place him in an embarrass ing position to have to hear a charge preferred against a defendant who had impugned his impartiality. The Army and Navy Gazette says that 4< one of the Russian officers on board the ironclad Peter the Great, at Glasgow, has been paying a visit along the coast of Ireland, presumedly with the object of acquiring that information which would bo valuable to Russian cruiser officers if their country went to war with England and endeavoured to stimulate an Irish rising—an idea which has been often favoured by Russian political writers. * The officer in question, Sublieutenant Zimmerman, has re served his report specially for his Govern* ment.” A correspondent sends us the following : 14 A person who incidentally visited a public house iu the country, was afforded an opportunity of witnessing the guzzling capacity of a few of the veterans of the pint , pot, and of. their readiness to sacrifice health and almost everything else, for the .purpose of filling their human barrels with tho much admired beverage. In the absence of the almighty “siller” the wary publican refused to supply drinks, when a sort of systematic mutual scratching took place \- reminding one of two horses scratching each other. After a stormy debate during which long-standing accounts were hinted at, a. com promise was successfully arrived at, the sup* . pliant agreeing to . pay in props. Boniface smiling graciously acquiesced, ’and the muddy lookiug liquor was forthwith supplied. This of the desire for another, on the same terms as' the preceding, the pub- UcanV wifo looking on complacently the while, no doubt, vie wing- her lord by the same light as we do a conquering hero/and before parting, the company "dubbed a pint"a long prop, and a glass a short prop. The Yankee vocabulary of beverages does not supply.a more euphonious terhffor the stuff' sold in some of the roadside ' pUbain some country. planes..... Hereafter one wonder. at. aepxqtg'. beet sold by the .yard/ lopg'/ measure, V the ’ capacity, of r the. measure to be agreed upon by special arrange* ment.” ''■.. & A; great nanralgio' aiaeaßee, • when' aggravated, become spaamodio,' and it ia intlm particular stage.-.-or. typo ;o£'the disense, that tbe great mollißer, known as Udolpho Wolfe’s Schiedam -Aromatic Sohhapps. .aiaWta 'its supremacy. It soothes .the nerves by its gently 