SEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, January 6. i Mr. James Greenwood, formerly member ! for East Sydney and a Baptist minister, now ! a freethought lecturer, opposes Sir John [ Kobertson for the Mudgee vacancy, because he ; VegfituI Sir John Robertson's realm to the ] Ministry as politically immo al and unjustifi- i able. Sir John, he says, deserted Mudgee four ! years ago, when he took a seat in the Upper j House, and he thinks there is . up hope of a I settlement of the land question while Sir j John Robertson is in power. I The Russian squadron celebrated Christ mas Day to-uay. The, flagship -was decorated ; vdth bunting, and salutes were fired. j Most of the leading publicans have signed ! an agreement to keep open during the hours \ in the old Act, and will bear the expense j «f any legarprocecdings taken by the police, i Another difficulty has arisen respecting the j billiard licences, and the publicans threaten i . to keep billiard-rooms open all night under high leeal advice. The licensing business a the Water Police Court was postponed to day, the magistrates being in doubt as to their jurisdiction under the new Act. There are seven candidates for the Eas Macquaric electorate, including Mr. Roberts, ex-mayor of Sydney. The Newcastle Miners' Association propose 'to give a salary to a candidate to represent their county and interests in Parliament. A meeting will be held next week. The steamer Ajax arrived at Newcastle at 2 o'clock this morning with 38 persons from the Wotonga, including the .chief engineer, stewards, crew, and two passengers. Outfits were supplied to the crew. Annie Cox's death, whk-h was wired yes terday, was found to have resulted from she abuse of alcohol. District Court Judge Cohen has delivered judgment in an appeal case for maintenance. The appellant was ordered to pay 7s. (id. weekly towards the support of his wife, and applied for the order to be quashed. The Judge assented, as the appellant was receiv ing a small salary, and had offered bis wife a home. Mr. Sly has retired from the contest for the Redfern electorate, as many of his sup porters had pledged themselves to the other twp candidates before they were aware of his candidature. ; Arrived— Caamarvon Castile, from Glasgow ; DHcbess ©f A*jyle, from Liverpool. The timber J£ark«t is active ; T.G. flooring, 17s. 3d. ; rougK, 16s. '9a. per hundred feet. Teas, low medium, 47s. 6d. ; good medium, 60s. per half-chest. The rice market is dull. The crew of the Wotonga ^ive fuller par ticulars of the disaster. They say the steamer was a complete wreck twenty minutes after striking. There is no chance pf saving pro perty, as all is~being rapidly silted over. The passengers were safely transhipped to the Leichardt to-day, and she left at 1 p.m. for Brisbane. There are three new cases of smallpox — [ Mrs. Palmer of Pyrmont, Elizabeth Henna of Glebe, and Mrs. Yates at the sanitorium. ! Sydney, January 7. The flagship Nelson arrived at 8 this mowi ng and fired the usual salute. Mr. Thurlow, Under-Sheriff of the Supreme Court, has been appointed Clerk of Petty Sessions at the Central Police Court. At the Muttama rush Frenz and party bottomed at 66 feet. At the bottom of the shaft two small dishes were washed and yielded four grains of gold. There are quite five hundred people on the ground, who are all encouraged by this prospect. The crew of the Wotonga arrived yester day morning, and their account of the wreck is similar to that already published. The only things saved were one blanket, a mail, and several tins of lubricating oil from the bottom of the stokehole, a sure sign that the bottom has parted and that the tins have washed in by .the undercurrent. The chief en gineer descended to the cabin and rescued the official documents addressed to the Minja. terof Lands at Brisbane. Sydney, .January 8. A man named Ambrose Downes hanged himself yesterday evening in the closet of his house, at Redfern. Drink is said to have been the cause of the suicide. Two lads named Napier and Todd, aged about fourteen, were drowned yesterday in Chowder Bay, through their boat being upset. A gas explosion occurred in Oxford-street o-night by which the shop of Mr. Hawkins, herbalist, was totally destroyed. It was in sured for £200. The loss is estimated at £300. A number of publicans will be prosecuted on Tnesday for keeping open beyond, hours. The cricket match Carlton v. Warwick was continued yesterday for the Holdsworth Gardyne trophy. The Warwicks made 225 and 175, and the Carlton 321 and 41 for one wicket. The match will be concluded on Wednesday. Sydney, January 9. Constable Robt. Neville, of the Sydney police, was convicted of violently assaulting a young man, and fined one guinea, with medical and court costs. Bushfires are ragingin the Braidwood and Goulburn districts. The graziers are appre hensive of a drought. The entries for the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap and Sydney Gold Cup, 18S2, closed to-night. The breadstuffs market is' quiet and the sugar market is dull. Brewing crystals are difficult to quit at late quotations. The stock of New South Wales growth is nearly ex hausted. A fair business has been done in coarse and fine -salt. Atthe solicitations of his friends Mr. Green wood will not contest Mudgee. He declares that the colony has been sold by Sir Henry Parkes and bought by. Sir John Robertson. The country publicans are disregardingthe new Act, and the police are not interfering. Bushfires are raging, at Lithgow, where also there is a great drought. A thunderstorm with rain was experienced in Sydney to- night. A woman named Margaret Fogarty was found dead in bed this morning at a public house where she was employed as cook. A man named Henry Hudson was found va. a stable with his throat cut. It was sup josed to be an attempt at suicide while suffer ing from drink. He was taken to the hospital. The wound is not serious. A robbery was committed at the Bull and Mouth Hotel to-day, when a sum of over £60 was stolen from the licensee. Sydney, January 10. The publicans' test cases, which were arranged to come off at the Police Court to day, were postponed for a week as the licensing board is not duly constituted. Dr. Hastie, formerly of the Sydney infir mary, was found dead in his surgery at lithgow yesterday. The weather to-day was intensely sultry, and a- thunderstorm and rain occurred this * evening. The vymagee mine is looking well, and the refinery is in full swing. Forty-five tons of refined copper is waiting for the teams. Four thousand cigars were seized yesterday aboard the Ocean steamer by the Newcastle Customs officers. They were found in a chain locker near the Chinese quarter. Fat cattle have averaged over £9 per head. H.M.S. Wolverene will be formally handed over to the New South Wales Government in a few days. A very successful naval regatta, organised by the T&nnBi;«n admiral, came off at Port Jackson to-day. The Governor and Lady Augustus Loftus were present. English, French, German, and Russian tars competed. There were seven events, and the Russians won six ; and the French one. -Several' of -the KeweasOe miners' lodges have already rejected the proposal of the Union to send an express representative to Parliament, and the delegates will discoun tenance the proposal. A man named Werth pleaded guilty at Grafton to-day to having illicit spirits in his possession, and was fined £100, or three months' imprisonment. Subsequently the bench allowed Werth to withdraw his plea and plead not guilty. The court then ad journed the inquiry for further evidence. The police have arrested a man named John Stevens on suspicion of having stolen over £50, the money of the landlady of the Bull and Mouth Hotel, in Sydney, where he had been staying. He was brought up at the Police Court to-day and remanded for a week, bail being refused. Messrs. Bales and Holtermann have re tired from the candidature for East Mac quarie. Two publicans and three customers were fined at Bathurst for Sunday traffic. These were the first cases under the new Licensing Act. Sydney, January 11. Mr. Heydon has been returned for Yass by a majority of 94. There was great enthusiasm over the event, and Mr. Heydon was carried shoulder-high by his supporters. At auction to-day low white to finest white crystal sugar, ex Win. Manson, was sold at £32 5s. to £37; brown, £27 10s. to £29; colonial, £25 5s. At the Water Police Court three Chinese were fined £10 each with £10 poll tax, or in default to be imprisoned for twelve months, for landing in the colony Vrithout paying the poll tax under the Restriction Act. They were firemen aboard the San Francisco mail steamer City of New York. A lad named Davis -has-been billed by ma chinery at Newcastle, and a. boy named Met calfe, aged three years, has been drowned at the same place. Mr. Wright has been returned for Redfern by a majority of 885: The first locomotive engine made by the Atlas Company, in Sydney, was success fully tiled to-day between Sydney and Parra matta. The Marine Board's enquiry into the wreck of the Wotonga began to-day. The evidence of the captain and chief officer was taken, and the enquiry was adjourned till Monday. At the Battiurst City Council meeting to day great indignatiqn was «q-ressed as to the badness of the water supply. The sickness prevalent there is attributed to the water. Several Newcastle coal masters have ob jected to pay the miners the extra 4d, per ton sanctioned by arbitration when the price was raised to 10s. per ton, and conrnUcations are feared. 