NIL DESPERANDUM! AN AUSTRALIAN" NOVELETTE. CHAPTER VI. [Br M. R. STAFFORD LORD.] " His step the chamber gains, his eyes behold All that his heart believed not, yet foretold." Corsair. Margaret drew up just out of sight of the house at Bulla, and gave Bob a parcel to take in. " Do not delay a moment, Bob; we are late." The lad returned shortly. " Please, Miss, the girl said as the Captain had not come back from Paringa." So they drove on, under the gnarled boughs of the old gum trees—the girrs heart aching with its unwonted load of unrestful thoughts, and with the haunting question that when —not if—when she had succeeded in persuading Captain Vivian she was utterly indifferent to him; when his presence had passed from the scene of her life, what should she do with the broken strings of the harp! "Love took up the harp of life, And struck on all itsstiings with might." Bat, ah, me ! if the harp be shattered, and only the wild sigh of regret wanders through it, making weird, j£olian music ? •-...• As they turned-in at the latse white gates, and drove up-.to the house, Maigaret was precisely in the position of the Corsair, as indicated at .the head of-the chapter. She dreaded to find, and yet felt sure that Vivian would accept the invitation which Lyndon would as surely offer, to stay and dine with them; and now as the baggy drew np before the hoaBe, a tall, grey-claa figure came from the verandah to help, her down. "Good evening," she said, "I hope you had a pleasant , ride—did you go to the es, and came, home before you brother Wyndhamj they went round to some stockyard, bat I hoped yoa would be here earlier and show me tne<garden." " I am sorry,"inthe coolest of conventional tones; " but I must go in now, and there is very little garden to Bee." "And will you come out for a little walk after dinner? do, Margaret; indeed I will not leave you. Twill wait patiently till yoa return to Melbourne, and then you will give me an answer ?" Margaret grew white; but like a thoroughbred, as she was, she went straight at Eer fence. "I am afraid yoa are making a mistake, Captain Vivian, I like you very much as a mend, as Lyndon's mend, but—please don't call me Margaret." He looked at her face, ntterly unable to realise the situation, and leant back against the pillar of the verandah, as if he had received a blow. Margaret moved towards the hall door. Vivian stepped quickly after her. " What do you mean ? you must explain. Why are yoa so changed to me? have I offended vou. Surely you must know I would not offend you intentionally, look at me for one moment f" * The girl raised her eyes, heavy with trouble and unshed tears. "Don'tyon know that I would willingly die to save you from one hoar's uneasiness! and I was so sore you—cared for me a little —was it all a mistake ?" The thought of Lyndon's words—of Lady Jones's account of what had passed at Bangor* House, turned the scale. He had made so sure! too sore. " I hope we shall always be friends, Captain Vivian, and-:—" .. " Oh, who would go parading In London i and masquerading On such a night in June, With that beautiful, soft half -moon, And all the innocent blisses ' '. On such a nightas this is !' Lyndon .came round. the corner of the verandah singing the stanza aforesaid as Margaret entered 'the house, and, after a brief colloquy with the faithful Jane, reached her zoom. Tina was there, busy with an evening dress which die had, as directed, prepared for her young mistress—something black, but with pale blue effects here ana there—no marguerites. The little madchen had arranged some myrtle buds at the throat and on the sleeves. "Tina, Iam very tired; bring me a glass of wine." She felt utterly unfit to go through the evening—to play the part of hostess, and, like the Spartan boy, " To smile and smile, Though secret wounds did bleed Beneath his cloak." " Ach liebes Fraiilein ! Sie sind so weiss," said Tina, as she returned with wine and biscuits. But after ten minutes' rest in a lowcushioned chair by the window, looking out on the prettiest part of the garden, ana the mild refresher, pick-me-up stimulant, or what you please to term it, reader mine, Margaret dressed hastily, and was, to a casual observer, herself again. Hearing voices on the verandah—her brother's and Vivian's—she joined them, feeling the truth of the old saw—" safety in numbers." Well, Meg, how are all the Hackney pie? Did you see anything of the H ayiors ? " We met Mr. Taylor at the Institute; so many people were there, they were ail talking of the hall, or at home, which comes off on Tuesday. Mr. Taylor is coming out to Bee you." " Capital fellow, Taylor—you will like him, Vivian—he is our S.M., and the finest fellow in these parts. You know Taylor, Wyndham?" Yes; very well. I should like to look him up on Monday. Well, Miss Harleigh, what sort of an affair is this to be—a hybrid arrangement ?" And Margaret and Wyndham chatted till the dinner-bell rang, when the boy lawyer offered his arm, and they repaired to the dining-room. The table was daintily arranged; the quiet nook which was visited so early that morning had been rifled of its treasures. The low troughs, "gutters," as Lyndon insisted on styling them, were filled with the delicate fronds of the Adiantum, the lovely fresh green tints and the sparkle of crystal and clear water combined to induce a .man of critical taste in such matters to swear by maidenhair fern as the most successful medium for table decoration. " We must take you into Hackney on Monday, Vivian, and show you the lions. We might all go, and lunch at Mac's; what do you say, Meg?" Meg said she would rather stay at home, as they were going out on Tuesday evening, and she had promised to help Jane in some housekeeping matters. "Well we will leave you to your own devices. We shall have to drive home on Tuesday night." Turning to Vivian—"We generally stay in Hackney on such occasions; but I am afraid to be long away—there is a fire on the ranges too near to be pleasant. I was out to-day to see if we could not turn a tract of country as a safeguard; but the grass is so long and so dry, and with the wind as it is at present I am afraid to try." "Mr. Watson spoke to me this morning about' that fire. Hie sent a man out to see exactly where it is," said Vivian. " I suppose, Miss Harleigh, you are well up on the subject of bushfires. No; I have only had one experience of the sort." Margaret did her best to preserve a calm demeanour, but it was with great effort she continued—"'Have you ever seen one ? You ought to ride out to this fire." . It is possible this fire may come in to us!" said Lyndon. " I have a man at the Refuge who will ride in if it reaches my country, and then, Wyndham, how will the 'toy lawyer*shape? A few hours in the smoke and. that will spoil any complexion, to say nothing of bands!" " Ah!" said Wyndham gravely,- " I don't mind work; but Imust say I dislike grimy occupation. .1 should beg to enact Hebe, and carrycobling beverages to the beaters.'.' " The last time we had a fire here," said Margaret, " I had to sacrifice some of Lyndon's best sherry. We had no ale or any other drink, so we mixed it with water and carried it out to the men. Jane declared oatmeal and water was better than anything else; but only few of the beaters agreed with her." "Small blame to them," said Lyndon, but I hope Vulcan or Vesta—which is it?— will let us have a quiet Sunday. Vivian, shall we see you at Church ?" " Yes, Watson offered to drive me in, and has arranged with some fellows to come out to early dinner. He was talking about a Mrs. Macfarlane, who has just left a station near here, and is living m a poor little slab cottage in Hackney. Do you know her ?" Lyndon was just then engaged in filling Wyndham's glass, and made no reply. Cool3 it have been fancy, or did his hand, his muscular brown hand, tremble ? Margaret answered, " Yes, we know her very well. I went to see her to-day. Mr. Macfarlane is gone to Sydney, where his friends are; and she is waiting to hear from him." Lynaon ^observed, in his usual calm tone, and most leisurely manner (it must have been fancv !)r— "My dear Vivian, do you know the difference • between slab ana weatherboards ? I'll bet a note you don't." Vivian smiled a half-hearted sort of smile, and confessed his ignorance. Don't apologize, my dear fellow, but Mrs. Macfarlane s cottage happens to be weatherboards. A new chum can't be expected to grasp these invidious distinctions ! Watson told me that the people ltt Mr. Macfarlane go without any attempt at a farewell. He has done so much for this place, gave largely tcr everything, help to build the church, was one of the first promoters, and most liberal subscribers to the Institute, and if any one had a pet scheme on hand, he always felt sure of five pounds from Macfarlane. All the Hackney people were made welcome at his station, r can't say I liked the man, but he was generous to a fault, and yet I hear today he had to sell his watch, his father's watch it was, to pay his fare to Sydney." The "boy lawyer" ruminated gravely. " They always do it" he said at last. " Do what?" said Lyndon. _" Rats, you know! they invariably leave a sinking ship, and as often as not accelerate the destruction by using their sharp, malicious teeth and tongues." "Yes, you are right. When Higgs, the butcher, left for the Paris Exhibition, having made his pile, they have him a champagne supper, and a rather more than usually hideous epergne. Do you remember him, •Wyndham ? Made his money at butchering, ana bought the run to thle east of us, Nacralunga (he calls it Higgs Park!) Awful creature his wife. They built a house at St Kilda, ant* she declared she found it necessary to draw the line somewhere, so made it a rale to return the visits of those only who lived in two-storied houses!" "1 shall leave you, Lyn. I cannot quite believe that 1" and Margaret withdrew to the drawing-room. She had just "nestled into a deep, ccny causeuse, when Tina approached; ' The Mr. Minister Graham ana the lady minister have just driven in at theback gates, Fraiilein." " Show them in here, Tina," and cresently a tall, noble-looking woman entered^ with the bearing of a princess, followed by her reverend husband, whose face at once arrested the attention, so utterly was it an embodiment of mental power* softened and mellowed by a frequent smile, full of lovingkind 1 ness (ponder that word,, reader). These were the Presbyterian minister and his wife, who had been at Hackney for many years; the most popular people in the western district, and always welcome as—I seek an Australian simile. "Rain?' " Ah! yes—the very thing—welcome as rain —at Paringa and everywhere else." After effusive greetings, Margaret offered them dinner. The minister looked slyly at his wife, and with a twinkle of amusement in his eye, replied— "My dear child, if you love us, don't say the word. We have been driving about all day among the farms and stations, and have already partaken -of three dinners and two teas! I came in to see your brother about a poor child of McNamee'a, in the north paddock. She ought to be sent to the Hospital at Hamilton without delay." " Does not Father Murphy look after her ! —the McNamee's are Roman Catholics.'* "Oh, yes; but his Reverence is away,aud, besides, with his warm smile, <" what does that matter ? the child is suffering, and ought to be sent at once—early in the morning." Margaret said saucily— "To-morrow? on ye Lord's Day! I thought you Scotch people would let the ox and the ass struggle in the pit till Monday morning!" " Yoa don't know as yet," said Mrs. Graham; " and what is this we hear aboat you? are you going to set sail in the Orpheus? "No, no, it is a foolish report, and has vexed me very much—indeed it is not true." As Margaret spoke Captain Vivian and the others entered the room, and, as in duty bound, she made him known to her friends, with a most praiseworthy calmness ol demeanour, .but with cheeks at least three shades pinker than usual! While Lyndon and Mr. Graham made arrangements for the comfortable transit of the sick child the other friends adjourned to the verandah, where a little table was - just prepared for coffee. Mrs. Graham and Wyndham, well known to each other, wandered into the garden, now glorified by the moonlight. " Do you imagine we are de trop ?' asked Mr. Graham. " I do not know. Bat what do you think, Mr. Wyndham?" "I think," said Wyndham, whose wonderful eyes usually swept a very large range, "that the component parts of the arrangement are there, but that something has gone 'agley, and, as usual, it 'does not run smooth.'" Margaret felt (though she did not look) —like that wonderful picture of Goddard's, " At bay"—bereft of her companions, and the hunter close at hand. " May I give you a cup of coffee ?" " Thanks." The cup she handed Vivian is worth describing—being one of a set brought out to the Sydney Exhibition—pale' blue china of the finest quality, with a wreath of deep maroon chrysanthemum and white jassemme round the brim, hand painted, one of Doulton's clvef-cCaeuvres. Vivian discussed the moonlight, the climate, the bush fire and its probabilities, trying to set Margaret at her ease, and at last succeeded to some extent—the lovely soft brown eyes met his frankly, and she leant back in her cane chair as though_ embarrassment were a thing undreamt of in her philosophy. The moonlight shone full upon them as they sat there, close to the low trelliswork at the edge of the verandah. Margaret picked a spray of jassemine, and compared it with the painting on her coffee cup. Vivian took it from her hand, agreed with her that Doulton's artists " hold the mirrors np to Nature," and, inadvertently (?) forgot to return the spray. Margaret's fan was covered with the crests and monograms of her numerous friends. Vivian asked to be allowed to look at it, and said— "Do you know my motto? It is nil desperandurn, and I can honestly say I strive to act up to it. S9 forgive me if I speak again to you on a subject—on the only subject —which has taken such entire possession of me. I cannot, take your words, as a friend,' you said, as meaning that I am not to hoDe you may be some day so much more than a friend to me; and surely you cannot refuse to let me speak to you. If you were dismissing a footman you would give him some reason, some explanation, before yoa cut him adrift?" - ' " The cases are not parallel." "No," said Vivian, and a momentary gleam of amusement flashed and faded in his eyes—" not quite, but near eucugh for purposes of comparison." "I mean, said Margaret, "that a man who had never been in my service could not be dismissed, and so there would be nothing to explain."' Her liD trembled, and it was with difficulty she steadied her voice. " But if you wish me to be explicit, I can say that it is not well to make too sure of any thing_ in this world, and that the arrangement which you and Lyn discussed so otSenly at Bangor House cannot be carried out. " Miss Harltigh—Margaret! what can you mean? How could-I discuss this matter at the Jones's ? I had not spoken to yoa then; and your brother? I do not know what to understand. You are angry because I spoke to him; it was as we drove in to Menzies. I asked him" " I do not want to hear" "But, Margaret!" and the earnest face of the sailor—the deep tones of his voice—made her heart waver. If it had not been possessed by the devil of obstinacy she would have hauled down her colours and for the long future agreed to sail under the lee of the gallant captain. She stood up, and passing swiftly along the verandah went in through the hall door, and sending Tina out with hot coffee, she gained the garden by a side door. Mrs. Graham and Wyndham were easily found, and they came back to the verandah, where the three gentlemen were standing. Margaret dispensed coffee with trembling hands—the thought in her heart all the time, " If he goes away—if I have gone too far— what shall I do ? In long years to come Vivian declared the magpies warbling always made him downhearted—gave him an apprehensive fear of trouble ahead ; a confused sense of something wrong! how they sang that warm night at Pannga ! The Australian woodlands may be behind the age in some respects—may fail to come up to the required standard in many points—but while the feathery tops of the graceful young gums glisten in the clear moonlit air, and the magpies pour forth their melodious happiness in tones of such supernatural sweetness, we need not sigh for the well-watered glades of Devonshire, or the pine-covered mountains of the New World. The Grahams and Captain Vivian were to travel in company, and soon took leave, but as they were doing farewells on the verandah Vivian came to Margaret, who stood a little apart, and in a low voice said— " I cannot despair. If you would only let me explain myself! May I come over tomorrow evening ? You must give me a chance!" _" No—do not come," was all Margaret had time to say, when her attention was claimed by Mr. Graham. " I want to talk to you and your brother about Alice Macfarlane. I have thought of something she might do. I hear her husband is drinking in Sydney, and very nearly ready for the lunatic asylum ! When will you be in?" " We'have promised to go to Hackney on Thursday early, and I will try to bring Lyndon up to the manse then." When Vivian reached Bulla lie paced the verandah for an hour, a weary, anxious hour, recalling all that had passed at Paringa, wondering, hoping, fearing alternately, as" is the established form of lovers, and before turning fn he came to_a conclusion very close to the truth—that mischievous tongues had -done him this injury, and felt sure that if— no, when he was able to persuade Margaret to speak openly on the subject all would be made clear, and love would look outclearly again from those sweet eyes. He had seen it _ there more than once, the memory quickened his pace. A man endued (as women say most men are) with a generous share of self-conceit, would feel keenly his position, and would be inclined to say— If she slight me when I woo, I will scorn and let her go ! If she be not fair for me, What care I how fair she be. But Vivian was not conceited, and the prize _ in view _ he considered worth any exertion. Having once pictured Ids life, glorified by the constant presence, the hourly companionship of this pure, beautiful woman, he could not easily be persuaded that he must henceforth "leave hope behind," and continue his life on a very different stratum. I think he was scarcely the man to follow the examjtleof Hymenseus.and meekly follow within sight of the trailing skirts of the Athenian maiden in objectless adoration. No, Orpheus-like, he would brave the hideous horrors of the realm over which the gloomy Pluto reigns; but it should be to win for himself the " love that clings about a woman's heart," as Dean Russell put it. How-that old legend clings to our -memory! The stalwart son of the Muse Calliope and his love affidrs; his splendid attempt- to rescue Eurydice, frustrated, alas! by his too eager; too anxious affection—to give a new reading to an old saving, " He loved not wisely, but too wellthat one longing look bade at the Blender figure just emerging from the. lurid glare of Hades; how we tingled in erery vein to find it was fatal to them bothi And is my memory dimmed by years of distance, or did my youthful _ eyes grow misty as I. first read how the white-robed vision- faded into the shadowy recesses of that region where Proserpine ruled the rule>r, and her lover returned disconsolate to - mourn melodiously on the mountains of Thrace, till-the women (not one Of whom could tempt him: from his allegiance to his dead Ibve) with the ferocity always attributed to victims of slight^! affection at last compassed, his destruction. It takes some powerful influence to-keep a schoolgirl awake, but I clearly remember one moonlight night at old Rugby, being; haunted by the vision of a beautiful upturned face floating down the rapid waters of fche-Hebrus to the blue depths of the /5£geani3ea. and ceaselessly calling the beloved name —" Eurydice ! Eurydice!" As Vivian entered the house he found on the hall table his letters- and' a parcel; the latter he opened eagerly, perceiving Margaret's peculiarly clear caiigraphy on the exterior. To his astonishment he perceived the bouquet-holdeF he had sent to her the evening of the ball at Bangor House ; a note, too, dated from Elmharst-the evening after the garden party at the 8windows— - "My dear Captain Vivian—I- return you the bouquet-holderj as'I neveraccept presents of this "kind. Many thanks for the flowers.— Yours very truly, MABGAEET £EA»LEIGH." If ever a man felt that his good angel had taken flight and forsaken him and his interests Hubert Vivian- was- that -nnhappy individual; but after a short reflection, aided by the r soothing influence of another cigar,, he came- to the conclusion, that now if- ever, he-must act up to the motto of his family and- "nil desperandurn." On Tuesday evening, at the Hackney ball, if not befoie, he wouia surely be able to make an opportunity- far coming; to a clear understanding with Margaret; and he would find out what influences -nad^beenat work in. the girl's mind, so to change her manner and apparently her feeling&T.; Sorely he had not been mistaken, but Tiad-watched the soft colour rise in the pretty face as he drew near, had seen the long lashes droop over the deep brown eyes before he caught more .than a glimpse of the love-light kindled there. Never was a man less given to self-love, but as. he recalled the conversation in the garden at Elmhurst, and remembered how the soft white hand had remained' in his willingly, how in her surprise at some- remark of ins she had raised her eyes to his, and' he had surely read there—was it not love^-the first shy, timid lOve of the sweet pure maiden heart, which hesitated long before giving up the keys of the fortress, hitherto so carefully guarded. Yes; he felt again sure that if only he conld obtain one . half-hour's talk with Margaret he could make his case, good, and secure the prize' for which his- soul longed. 