j VICTORIA. The following items aro taken from Melbourne ezobaoges : Mr. Berry will leave Melbourne for Sydney on the 14th prox., for the purpose of addressing meet- ings to bo held in that city under the auspices of the Protectionists. He will be accompanied by several of his former colleagues, and some other members of the Opposition. The prinoipal meetiug will be on April 17, and the party will return to Melbourne on the 23rd of the month. A magisterial enquiry was held at Timor to-day, into the circumstances attending the death of a child, named Esther Mooney, six years old, who was killed at the Duke mine. The men were at the capstan, hauling up a rope out of the shaft, when the child went unseen into the capstan room, and stood upon the table of the capstan barrel, between the latter and the rope. As the capstan revolved the rope (a 12in. one) was coiled round the child, completely crushing her. There were six or seven coils round the little girl before she was discovered in her dreadful position, quite dead. The finding returned was accidentally killed. "An occurrence took place in the forest on Saturday," says the Daylesford Advocate, " wbioh nearly resulted in the loss of several lives, including that of Mr. Wheeler, M.L.A. A fierce bush-fire wa* raging on one of the ranges from which logs were being obtained for Mr. Wheeler's mill, and that gentleman was riding round to see bow matters stood, as he was aware that there were men out with a large bullock team, towards whom the fire was quiokly advancing. lu following up one of the tracks, he met the team coming down with a heavy log of timber. The fire was rapidly approaching from two points, and an attempt was made to get the team and waggon out of the way. The 'ohock' whioh had been placed in the back wheels had, however, caught against a stump, and all efforts to draw it were fruitless. On oame the flames, and the only course left was to release the bullocks and leave the waggon. This was done, and then ensued a retreat, but the animals boaame stupid from fear, and it was with the utmost difficulty they were driven into the gully, the flames being so close behiud them and the smoke so suffocating that the asoape of tbo men was a matter of the greatest difficulty. As soon as these wore on their way Mr. Wheeler, who was on horseback, took the track for it, but had not proceeded far when he found that the trees and dead timber on both sideB were on Ure. His danger was at once apparent. To return was impossible-there was no alternative but to go through the burning timber. The animal was urged with voioe and spur, and then ensued an aotual race for life, the imminent peril of which can be fully recognised only by those who have been near our forest fires. Fortunately^ both rider and horse emerged from tho ordeal with no further harm than a ' warming ' both inside and out. Search was thon made for the other meu, when it was found that they had managed to get out of the fire by having luckily crossed its course, Ou subsequently returning to the waggon for the purpose of obtaining the iron work, to the surprise of all it was found that beyond being charred in one or two places it was comparatively uninjured, though the bark on the log was still burning." An exoiting scene ooourred at Wilson's oircus on Tuesday night, towards the oonclusion of the enter- tainment. On Djerling entering the lion's oage, for | the purpose of going through the usual performance, j Prince, the youngest and apparently the most tract- able of the lions, suddenly reared up and made a desperate stroke at Djerling with ita paw, striking him on the ear, and causing the blood to flow. En- couraged by tbe boldness of Prince, the other lions became furious, and evinoed a disposition to join in the attack, but Djerling settled the difficulty by promptly withdrawing from the cage, to the great relief of the spectators, who were watching the event with breathless interest. After the cago had been taken from the tent, Djerling as usual prooeeded to feed the boasts through the bars of the cage, when anothor lion made au attempt to seize his hand, but fortunately only succeeded in indicting a slight injury to his finger. It was with great difficulty that the members of the oirous aompany restrained Djerling from again entering the cage to beat the lions into a state of submission. It will be remembered that Prince ¡B the lion which bit ths arm off M'Pherson at Albany. 