CHAPTER 1L "' The absent will return,' | Whispers bland Hope; but is that absence death?' 1 Lord Lytto.n. ; It is a December evening. The horizontal rays of the setting sun cast the- western sky in a blaze of glory, and astonish wayfarers with the powerful neat of their dying throes. The reaper throws down his sickle, and slowly trudges homewards, with wistful thoughts of rest. The Casterton people crowd coatless towards the shady side of t!ie Glenelg Inn, and indulge in pints of shandy gaff with a relish born of the thirst of a hot wind's day. The last English mail has arrived at the township, and the place is unusually lively. Fanner Waines, steady ploddy man, sees the last edge of the sun s disc disappear below the western horizon, and the round red face of the moon appears in the cast before he leaves his harvest field and seeks his home. Mrs. Waines has the evening meal ready, and the quiet, good-tempered, though taciturn man sits down to it with a smile and his usual patient humour. After tea Mr. Waines dons his hat, and says, " I'll go down and see Mr. Hunt again, ana offer him still more for that piece of land. Then Til go down to the township and see whether there are any letters for me, and learn all the news. Good bye." And, with a smile, he disappeared down the road. Several persons bent on mail business overtook him or met him—some on the road, and some at Hunt's farm. He had a cheery "good night" for them all. His business at Hunt's evidently detained him for some time, for he was long observed to be standing around a fire constructed in order to consume a quantity of rubbish collected round the woodheap for that purpose. Later on he mingled with the crowd of patrons of Mr. Chaffev, had Mb pot of beer, discussed the mail news, and parted on the best pos sible terms with every one present. "A very decent, hard-working, good fellow," observed Oracle Chaffey between the whiffs of his pipe, as the simple-looking farmer departed. " He's orful sore 'bout thet bit o' land o' Hunt's," exclaimed Mason, the village blacksmith and wheelwright; "I believe he'd give three times the amount nor he received to get it back agen." " He would so," said Jackson, who was a sort of privileged Casterton loafer, who never worked when he could help it, and was an old soldier, and an older liar; "he would so. He parthd with it for £200, and he would give a thousand to-morrow for it." "Wonder why Hunt doesn't sell it?" chimed in young Fold, a storekeeper, " it's a glorious ofter, and the land is no great shakes after all " Hunt is no fool," blurted out the Oracle, " for all that the land is no great shakes, he has made the ' desert blossom like a rose,' as Shakespeare puts it"—which piece of erudi tion was received with the reverence that was undoubtedly the due of anything ascribed to the immortal Shakespeare. "Faix, an' ye're roight," interjected the " Long Trooper," drawing himself up to hi6 full legal height. " I persave that Hunt is afther burning a lot of rubbish to-night, and I must look after it in case of its originating a bush fire. Ibelave we're going to have such another devil's own roaster to-morrow as we had to-day." "Why, there's Waines himself round Hunt's lire stacking on more wood," suddenly exclaimed Mason; " he'll have the bush alight for sure, if he's not careful. Have another pint of sliandy, Long'un, before you go ?" This latter question was put to the trooper, who had started for the door. " No, thanks; but a wee dhrop of Irish whisky'11 just suit my complaint," exclaimed the long-legged Langford. " Here's luck; and now, me bhoys, I must be off." The trooper, however, did not stay away long. Perhaps the enticement of the whisky and mail gossip—and perhaps a prospect ot some female gossip, too, with Mary Bryant, Chaffey's domestic—was too great for his rollicking and gallant soul; or perhaps he found that Waine3 had taken every due pre caution against the outbreak of a bush fire. At any rate, he was soon back with the crowd, and said that there was no danger to be apprehended from the fire, as Waines had been asked by Hunt to " give an eye to it." As for Hunt himself, he and his wife had left that afternoon for Hamilton, in conse quence of having received some important intelligence by the English mail. It was just possible that they would go to England and remain there for some months. " Waines doesn't know the ins an' outs of the affair," added the trooper, "but there has been a hint dhropped about a thrifle of property having been left to the Hunts, an' they may have to go to England in order to take possession of that same. 'It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good,' and the death of some relative or friencl has brought a fortune to the Hunts, and faix, Waines thinks he's likely to benefit by this shtrokc of luck, too." "As hsw ?" queried the Oracle. "Bckase, he thinks now that the Hunts have ris to be gintry, tliey won't mind selling him back his land, avcoorse. Besides, the news kem so suddint, that the Hunts have axed Waines to take sole charge of their bit of a place until they return. Av course, Waines will get paid for it." Here was a bit of gossip in addition to the mail news. Certainly, the truth of the adage just quoted by the trooper, that " it's an ill wind that blows nobody any good," was proved in respect of Mr. Chaffey, the land lord; for this bit of gossip led to the con sumption of many more pints, until even Jackson, the privileged loafer, declared that he had had a skinful, and that he hadn't spent such a glorious evening since the night of the last Casterton Races. ; When the party broke up an exclamation of surprise burst forth from Ford, the young storekeeper, who had been confining his liba tions to the temperance liquors retailed by Mr. Chaffey, and had perhaps the most perfect binocular vision of the crowd. " Why, there's Waines about Hunt's place yet. He s walking up from the direction of the river, and he is about to throw on more fuel to the woodheap," said Ford. " He must be fond of work to keep at it so late as this." "Praps his mind's turned with thinkin' he's goin' to get the bit o' land back ?" said I Mason, "And he's making a bonfire to view ] all the improvements completed by Hunt!" suggested Ford. " Let's go and have a pitch with him," added Jackson, who scented more cheap drinks. The party, with one consent, made for the bright circle of light at which Waines was working. He received them heartily, and corroborated what the trooper had already told them. In the excess of his good nature 'he invited them all back again to' the Glenelg Inn. His invitation was cordially responded to, and uninterrupted hilarity finished out the night. The news was circulated all over the neighbourhood next day, and further tidings of the coming or actual greatness of the Hunts was anxiously waited for. Days, however, merged into weeks; weeks leng thened info months,'and no intelligence of the Hunts had reached either Waines or any one else in the township. Then whispered suspicions secretly got abroad. All was not straightforward it was hinted. A horrible mystery existed. Foul play had been at work. And the covert finger of this suspicion was pointed at Waines —the hard-working, meek,, inoffensive, and phlegmatic Waines. All this time Waines went on in the even tenor of his way—wondered why the Hunts did not write to him, wished tliey would at once make up their minds to sell him the land, and even shrugged his shoulders and laughed when some of the whispers about foul play on his part were told to him. He would smile in a childlike way, and ask "Do I look like a murderer ?" Ho. Ho one could look on his simple, honest, and open face and accuse him of the crime of Cain. 