MULTUM IN PARV0. (FROM OUR EXOIfANGES). The heat is torriblo in Victoria, and bush fires are very prevalent. At a pigeon shooeting match at Invorell, Mr. J. K. Doyle backed'himself for £40 to sihoot 30 out of 50 birds, He shot 28. Divers report another rook in the fairway at Port Phillip Hrads, 25 feet below the surface. It has three pinnacles, which wjll need moving. The members' subscriptions and entrance monoy received by Wilcania Jockeloy 0lub last year Was £1131. During the year £2108 was expended. Since the opening of the Gympio gold fiold in 1872 it has produced the grand return of 707,215 oz., 10 dwts, 21 grs,.whieh have beeoon conveyed by escort. A nilan in Cobar wont out shooting with' the xOesult that he brought homo no tur keys, but a doctor had to amputato his finger almost as seeoon as he arrived. A verdiot of accideontal death was recordod in the case of the infant Amy Troy who was killed at West Maitland by a runlaway horse. Throo ribs woro fractured at the spinal articulation. Diphtheria is as contagious as small-pox. A child eontoring, a house, oven several months after a dliphtheria case, if it has not been properly disinfootod, will almost cor tainly take the disease. The confession of Jamens Graham, who stated that he murdered his brother at Jam boreoo, proves to be a tissuo of lies. The brother has turned up safely, and Graham is supposodto have beeoon unoder the influonooe 'of drink. The late chairman of the Adqlaido Fire insuranoo Assoolation states positively that the Firo Brigadeo will be disbando:l ii a fortnight honeo, when, unless other arrangements are mado, the qity, will be vwithout any defence from fire. Amorica sells now to Australasia eight times tlheo value of the goods sold thereto by both Germany and France, and omitting bullion and specie, just about ono.half tIie foreign imports from all countries, England of courseo oxcopted,. At the inquest on the body of Jamos Towers, who dropped dead at Lochinvar, medical examination pro ad that deatlh was the result of heart disease. Deoooased was a healthy and temperate mrntu, and weas never known to complain. He Was sixty years old., The transontinental railway line of Queensland will be 2000 miles in length andl cost £10,000,000. Not a farthing is to borrowed by the Government,-tho mgney being found by an, English and Colot'nh? syndicato, which gets a grant of land on either side of the line. On Monday, Mr. Edward Pursohouso, of Ross Valley Farm, near Gunning, whillst loeading the thoroughbrdd stallion, Saladin, was nearly illed. The Bnimnal carried himim slome distance by his arm, then comumenced trampling on iim. Luckily a dog drove It off, but not before soerious oextornal and in. tornal injuries had boon inflioted. 