MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday Evening. What mines of talent a Government in Victoria has at its disposal. The appli cations to be appointed a Police Magis-. tate sent in during the last few days would nearly fill Woods' dock. I don't know if the Kilnoro magistrates applied, but they probably consider themselves pre-emin. ently qualified. And all this nice letter paper will be wasted, for though the division of the districts and their manage ment has not been commenced, yet we have a pretty good idea that when the hour comes the men will be found ready. Against all ordinary appeals the heart of Sir Bryan is as the steel wall of the Arabian Knights' story. Even Archer W. H. Archer-who considers himself the very model of a modern P. M., was sternly d refused. Dr. Youl is having the muck collected from the Sandhurst piggeries subjected to microscopical exanmination. Sandhurst will be surprised when hisroport comoesout at the funny things it feeds its swine on. Bronchitis can scarcely be accepted as a qualification for the Agency-General, and v 1 am therefore glad Mr Murray Smith v has shaken it off, and declined to have t more of it. Mr Berry has not been look- i ing well either of late. His energetic b spirit cannot bear the rust of idleness. Tie champion of Protestantism, Mr Pat terson, takes his whisky as straight as f over, and is, despite the denunciation of v the Mason caucus, a "man whom Fortunes fi buffets and rewards hath ta'en with equal I front." Mr M1'Coll is not a bit abaslhed by the failure of the water meeting, and what a dreary, dismal failure it was ; only those who saw the audience seated, as if each a man thought his neighbour had small-pox, g can realise : and he goes about in the con- n sciousness of having tried to do a good action, borne up by the feeling that virtue o is its own reward. I often think if you I were politically to treat Mr M'Ooll as clown and his crony do the dummy police man, in pantomime, that he would turn a up the next morning with his Dods in one V hand, and his canal map in tlhe other, r with his simple formula, " we've pegged out the whole canal, Sir, ah ! Dods is a great genius." Chatty Krone, the all-curing mes merist, who has been longer in the Titles b Office than I remember it, and my inti. b many with its musty parchmen't dates b from twenty-one years ago, has got into trouble. Mr Barrett, of Shepparton, has complained that Mr Krone has unduly favoured the Trade Protection Society t hers with information to his disadvantage. I referred to this matter, paragraphically, a few days ago, and the only fresh deve lopment is that Mr J. B. Combos, of the Trade Protection Society, has written to the Law Dopartment, specifically denying the allegations, and defying the alligator. As I happen to be well acquainted with Mr Barrett, solicitor, of Shepparton, I am perfectly persuaded there is nothing in the charges, and that steady-going Mr Krone, who used to operate with such dazzling effect at one time, by catching tihe sun-rays with a bit of glass, and Llash ing them into the eyes of the titles' sear chers, will be acquitted without even the necessity of appointing a Board. There is another nasty case talked of, in connection with a branch of the Attor noy-Goneral's Department, but I fancy, from the circumstances of it, it will have to bo-like so many other things the pub. lie ought to hear of-hushed up. The happiest head of a Department just now is Mr Morrah. Always rich in anec dote and humour, he fairly overflows when the land revenue returns come in. Last week, February 25th, the selectors had paid within £37 of the eetimato. This week, March 4th, they are £009 in excess of it. On the 25th of February, the total I land revenue was £7,950 under what was I estimated. Now there is a surplus of £800.' This coupled with the fact that the drought and bush-fires have nearly exterminated the rabbits, and that a settler at Freeling, in South Australia, has written to say that in consequence of poor prospects there, and bad seasons, the settlers will migrate to the Koo-weeo-rup Swamp, as soon as it is drained, is enough to make any Secretary of Lands happy. Our up-country districts will soon be in a position to offer a very largo amount of omployenont and labour. Already appli cateons .have been received from fifteen local bodies to form weater trusts, which means spending money freely. Seven of these applications, viz., those of St. Arnaud, Echuca, Bonalla, Strathfieldsaye, Swan Hill, Dunmunkle,and Korong, have already been referred to the engineer of the Water Supply Department for report on the character of the works proposed to be carried out. The remainder in the prb licmienary stage are Yea, North Ovens, Shepparton, Yarrawonga, Winmmora, Bac clhus Marsh, East Loddon, and Kyneton. Miss Emma Carandini espoused Mlr R. SWV. Wilson, a Queeosland gentleman, who acquires a few thousands annually by the increase of flocks and herds. The dresses were exquisitely supreme, and the ar rangements quite " too-too." 