RAILWAY TO THE UPPER KING. It is not many weeks since we directed attention to the necessity of the con struction of a branch line of railway past the Oxley township and along the Upper King. Already, we are glad to see our suggestion has been acted on by the inhabitants of that portion of the district, a few of whom met at Moyhu on Saturday last to discuss the subject ; another meeting beiug called for Satur day next. The attendance at the recent meeting was not numerous, owing to a variety of causes. The notice was short, and not sufficiently extensive ; people were engaged in contending with the bush-fires, and several arrived late, not K.J.X1 llio VtUlllU. U6 punctual. Others, amongst them Mr C. Murdoch, the President of the Oxley Shire Council, while excusing themselves for their unavoidable absence, expressed their hearty sympathy with the object. In any case, the meeting could only have been of a preliminary character ; but as Mr Andrew Byrne was appointed se cretary pro tern., we may expect that matters will be put in a practicable shape before the next meeting. We have al ready alluded to the large amount of traffic already existing along the line in wheat and other grain, tobacco, potatoes and live stock, but, with the exception of live stock, there would be no comparisou between the quantity of their productions now and what it would become with rail way communication. It is well known that the best tobacco, nops and potatoes in the colony are produced on the King River but the carriage — forty miles in some cases — te the Wangaratta market or railway station is a heavy tax upon the farmers and planters, and deters many from growing those crops. They find that horses, sheep and cattle pay better in the end, as they can travel to market themselves. With such mag nificent agricultural soil, all capable of economic irrigation, lands that are now pastoral would he put to more remunera tive use. There are admittedly no better paying crops than hops and tobacco ; but, just in proportion as these cannot be grown everywhere, the valley seems like their native habitat. We have like wise shown that a light line, tocarrya light engine and train, say, at the rate of ten miles an hour, could be made at a ridicul ously insignificant cost, and worked at an exceedingly cheap rate. There would be little or no land to purchase, as we fancy the line could be taken along the surveyed road, although this might entail the re making of the road in places ; there weuld only be a couple of small bridges ; there need be but one gatekeeper, and one station — namely, at Oxley— along the whole distance ; there would be neither cutting nor embankment worthy of names, and there is material for sleepers and ballast all the way. We would with great respect impress upon those interested, that in this agitation the first and main thing to do is to arm themselves with incontrovertible statistics, as to the quantity of produce and stock, with the various descriptions specified now grown ; also the area of land now under stock, which is fit for tobacco, hops, pota toes, or grain. They should also make a calculation of the quantity of articles consumed or used by the residents, in the Wily UJL ICttj aUAlj GlvliUUJ implements, artificial manures, &c.;, and which would necessarily be carried by rail. The actual population could be got by Mr Graves or Mr Bolton from the Registrar- General, who possesses the means of com putation from the last census; and nothing which would throw light on the condition and resources of the district, including Oxley, Greta, Boggy Creek, Hurdle Creek, Meadow Creek and Whorouly should be lost sight of. To do this thoroughly, money will be required, but not much ; and we think the generalship may be safely left in the hands of Mr Byrne, The association when formed will have our best support and advocacy. 