THE WEATHER. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ALEXANDRA, MONDAY. A thunderstorm occurred here at 4 o'clock yeBterday afternoon, with heavy Bhowers, which continued at intervals through the night. The weather is now cool and fine, and the bush fireB which were burning in the district have been extinguished. CHARLTON, MONDAY. The weather yesterday was simply unbear- able. From early noon till 2 p.m. fierce hot winds were blowing, and the atmosphere waa darkened with dust, smoke, and lowering clouds. A thunderstorm followed, rain falling smartly for about an hour. Somo water waa caught in tho tanks ia town, but the rain did not last long enough to benefit the selectors. Tho weather to-day ia cool and pleasant. HAMILTON, MONDAY. A very agreeable chango in the weather baB taken place. During last evening several heavy showers fell, the register noting 15 points. The sky is still overcast and threaten- ing, and it is delightfully cool, The rain effec- tually extinguished the buah-fires which were raging in all directions in the vicinity of the town. HORSHAM, MONDAY. The weather is beautifully fine and cool. MANSFIELD, MONDAY. Tho weather broke at 5 p.m. yesterday, after a storm of wind and dust. Thunder and lightning followed, and then rain set in, and has continued at intervals up to the present. Though the fall was not heavy, it will do an incalculable amount of good. With no water in the creeks, the householders' tanks empty, bush-fires raging, and the feod for cattle fast disappearing, the outlook waa very gloomy until the change took place. SALE, MONDAY, The weather on Sunday was very hot. At night a thunders torn accompanied with rain commenced, and rain has been falling almost incessantly over since. There is at present every1 appearance» of its continuing. Large bnshfircsaro burning from Redgum-flat, near Heyfield,' np to Donnelly's Creek, in.the mountains, the fires extending over about 30 mileB of country, ' ' . , _ KOROIT, MONDAY, A change irtjfce' weather occurred on Sunday eveniruj, when copious Bhowers of rain fell. Intermittent «howers nave since | j . ' '. . i f ?. . ??".-. J"- .'?'? ' '-' ' füllen, with a promise of continuing throath the night. The good results of the chatW «an hardly be estimated. 6 WARRNAMBOOL, MONDAY It has been raining at intervals during to* day, and ¡B now threatening to come donn heavily, MURCHISON, MONDAY The weather up to yesterday at noon was exceedingly hot and oppresaWe, when two or three nice Bhowers fell. The rain wa« accompanied by Borne heavy peala of thunder. The atmoBphero is now beautifully cool and pleasant. ST. ARNAUD, MONDÂT. Rain fell here yesterday, tho qaautity registered being 2'30 pointa. 