THE WANTS OF SELECTORS. A deputation of members of the S. A. Farmers' Association, accompanied 'by Messrs. J. H. Howe, M.P., A. Tennant, 3LP., and E. Ward, M.P., and introduced by the Hon. J. Rankine, M.L.C., waited on the Co.nm':s- sioner of Crown Lands (Hon. A. Ca.tfc) on Friday morning, March 3, to ask that tbe Government wo'-rid subsidise private sub scriptions to a fund for the purchase of seei wheat for farmers who were in distress through the failure of their crops. The Hon. J. Rankine, in introducing the deputation, said he thought the request was one that the Government might very fairly be expected to accede to. They were in the position of landlord to the selectors, aad should do all they could to assist theai to re main on the land and prevent great injury to the colony. He felt sure that if the Govern ment acceded to . the request their action would be confirmed by Parliament, and he hoped they would see their way clear to do that which would prove of immense beaeftt to the country — of quite as much benefit as the grants made to corporations and district councils. Mr. J. Miller, J.P. (president of the Farmers' Association) read the resolutions which had been passed at the annual meeting of delegates on the previous day, which were as follows :— 3L ' That a deputation, wait on the Government to ask them to subsidise all subscriptions to the relief fund.' 2. 'That the funds be expended in wheat to be lent to farmers who are unable otherwise to obtain seed, the money to be repaid when possible, and retained by the association as a per manent relief fund.' 3. 'That the central committee be entrusted with the distribution and -die future management of the funds.' With respect to the association retaining the money paid back for the purpose of forming a permanent fund for the relief of farmers, he might say that the association would have no objection to return the money to the Go vernment, but as it would only be used in such cases as the present he thought the Government might very well leave it in the hands of the association. The matter- was onaof the greatest importance to the country, and he hoped the request would be acseded to. He was satisfied: that there were very few persons who would raise any objection, to the Government subsidising toe satoscriptions giyen for tbe purpose. Mr. Howe, said he had no hesitation in saying that, tbe matter was purely one for the Government, and the public ought not to have been called upon at au. The Govern ment were in the position of a landlord, and should come forward and assist their tenants for their own good. He regretted, that, the Farmers' Association ever decided to ask the publicto subscribe, but nowthsttuis hadbsen done the least the Government could do wa? to subsidise the amount given. Mr. E. Ward said he did not think that in- what, the Government had announced as to their intentions at the resent banquet, they had gone far enough. He approached the matter in a. friendly spirit, and he would be personally glad, as one of the members of the Legislature, if the Government would to some extent reconsider their proposals, and enlarge the offer they had ma.de the other night. So far as the request of the deputation was concerned-he did not see any reason why if they subsidised any private subscriptions for public purposes, they should not subsidise the subscriptions in a case like the one before them. (Hear, hear.) Before their roads could be used they must settle the country,, and surely if they subsidised subscriptions for local improvements they might fairly sub sidise subscriptions to enable farmers to con tinue their occupation of the country, which rendered the roads necessary. If the Govern ment did not take the whole thing into their lands— and there was a good deal to ba said in favor of this — it was reasonable that they should do as they were now requested. He did not think there would be any objection raised in.either branch of the Legislature, and if the Government subsidised the -amount raised it would encourage the public to- sab- scribe more liberally. Mr. Copley said thedistressexistiugat pre sent was very great, and immediate action was necessary, and lie felt sore that if the public knew the Government were going tosubsidise the subscriptions they would come forward more freely than at present. The machinery for the distribution of the wheat waa already in existence, and it was necessary that it should be put in operation soon, as March and April were the months in which sowing was done in the North, where this seed wheat was required. Messrs. W. Harris, D. iirinkworth, and u. Inglis (vice-president of the association) sup ported the request, and expressed a hope that the Government would take immsdiate action in the matter. Mr, TENNA2TE endorsed what lial baea said, and stated that he was sure that great injury would be done to the country unless the Government gave some assistance to the distressed farmers. Mr. Venning mentioned that machinists and others who had been engaged in trade with the farmers had subscribed, to this object. The Commissioner said as the members oc the deputation were aware, this nutter had already been before the Government, who had decided not to subsidise subscriptions, but he would place their statements before his col leagues and the matter would be reconsidered. He could not for a moment say what decision would be arrived at, but he promised them that the. whole question should be carefully considered on its merits, and they would en deavor to arrive at a just conclusion. . He would point out that the deputation only looked at one side of the question, and he would ask if they thought it would be worth while to sow the land again, with their past experience to guide them. He was speaking to one. selector on this subject, and he said it was no good for him to sow the land he had again, and he- sup posed there were many others who held tne same view.. It was the opinion of some mem bers of the Legislature that some of the land in the North had been tested too much already, and that it was folly to try ifc any more. (No, n» ; and Mr. Ward, ' That's the idea of the Register.') The opinion of many persons was that the six years' test was quite sufficient to prove that the land was unsuit able for agriculture, and, therefore, that the Government should not advance money for the purchase of seed wheat. It was thought that' the selectors if they remained there another year would be in a worse position than they were at present. He did not know whether this was right altogether, but the Government had to consider this aspect of the case. He firmly believed that it was a great mistake to continue to cultivate soms parts of the northern country, and the sooner the land laws were amended so as to alter the position of some of the selectors who had got land in the wrong places, the better it would be for them and the country generally. He would lay all they had said before bis colleagues, and their arguments would receive careful consideration. The Hon. J. Rankine said although he agreed with the Commissioner that much of the country could not be profitably occupied by selectorsthere weremany localities in which the farmers were in need of seed wheat which were fit for agriculture, and if the men were willing to test the land for another year the Government should be prepared to give the assistance they asked. The Commissioner said he was somewhat surprised at the small response which had been made to the appeal of the association. Mr. Howe said the majority of the people, in the colony took the same \iew as himself, and that was that the Government was in exactly the same position as a landlord. The Hon. J. Rankine said the public were waiting for the Government to say what they would do before they subscribed to the fund. (Hear, hear.) A deputation consisting of the same gentle men, with the exception of the Hon. Jas. Rankine, afterwards waited on the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray) for the purpose of laying before him some of the resolutions passed by the association. Mr. E. Ward introduced the depu tation, which he said wished to direct atten tion to resolutions passed by the Farmsrs' Association relating to the conservation of water and the amendment of the Bush Fires Act, and also to the calling of Parliament together as early as possible to consider what concessions should_ be given to the selec tors in the northern agricultural districts, and what means should be adopted for relieving their distress. The first resolution, which had been carried unanimously, was to the effected that a deputation should wait on the Government and ask them to spend a fail proportion of the money voted last session for the conservation of water in the agricul tural districts. He thought he might venture to say that it was the intention of the Parlia ment that this money should be spent in the settled districts where it was most required. He did not know what course had been adopted by the Government so far, but he felt sure that the Government would agree that it was desirable that a fair proportion of this money should be spent in the conser vation oi water in tne agricultural aistncts. The resolutions respecting the Bush Fires Act were as follows -.—1. ' No fire shall be lighted for the burning of stubble, hay, grass or straw, timber, or any rubbish till after the first day of February, unless by special permission of the district council. That the time fixed for such burning shall be between sunrise and sunset.' 2. ' That the regulations as to clearing round stubble should remain as at present, and that persons should be called upon to clear a space of half a chain round scrub.' A great deal of trouble bad been experienced in connestion with the provisions of the present Act, andit was felt that alterations in the time during which stubble could be burnt, and in the regulations relating to the burning of stubble and scrub were necessary. Themembersgf fchd Farmers' Association were ail practical men, j andthcirwishes in connection with this matter were entitled to the fullest consideration. He did not wish that the Government should understand that the association wisliea Par liament to be specially called together merely to consider the two resolution's no^ laid before them, but behind these two resolutions there was the greater subject of concessions to selectors, and he considered he wai only expressing the opinion of tlse z-sso Albion when he said they felt that if any material concessions were io be made to the se'eotors, and they held that such were necessary, they should be given at once. The faot that tue Government had promise?! certain conces sions was not sufficient, and if the a^uraTise was not absolutely given that tlicse concessions would be made the farmers would not be able to get tlia ere lit they required to allow of their carrying on their operations for the remainder o£ tlie pre sent season. He urged that in order to be effective the concessions should be given withont delay. (Hear, hear.) Unless the concessions necessary were given before the seed time they would be too late to have any beneficial effect this year. The two questions to be first considered were—' What actual concessions will be given to the selec tors?' and 'To what extent they will be assisted in respeet to obtaining seed wheat?' If all doubt were removed and it was abso ntely known that material concessions would be given to selectors who had been unfor tunate during the last three seasons, their creditors would enable them to carry on, rat while uncertainty existed on the ques tion the storekeepers would not give them any further credit. With reference to j the necessity of providing seed wheat there ! was no doubt whatever. There were num- j bers of selectors who had not the means of i procuring seed wheat with which to crop : their land during the present year, and ; tinless some assrrta-'ice was given to th^3e ! men their land would remain unsown and \ they would ultimately be unable to pay the ! Government, whereas if they had assistance ! they would have another chance. So far as I the ealSng of Parliament together he pointed j out that the- Government had a prese- I dent, for their predecessors had very ? cheerfully summoned a special session ; of Parliament for the purpose of im- i posing additional taxation. He would; say ; candidly that he had not been recognised as ' one of the supporters of the Government : during the- past session^ but he believed that i if they recognised the necessities of the case : and convened a special session of Parliament, \ so far from any opponent of theirs taking the : slightest advantage of the opportunity for embarrassing'them, the Government would ; hare their assistance and: would gain the in- ? creased respect of the residents of the ; country. He could say that on his own behalf, and he thought he could speak on :. behalf of other members of the Opposition. Mr. Miller said the resolutions which had : been presented were plain, and the assoeia- J tion felt that the necessity existed for doing all that they suggested. He hoped the Go vernment would recognise the importance of giving the farmers a fair share of the money voted for the conservation of water, and he represented that the selectors in some of the outlying hundreds were in a very bad plight in consequence of the scarcity of water. He would mention in- reference to what Mr. Ward bad said that the association did not expect the Government to wait until they called Parliament together before deciding as to the subsidy of private subsaripfcions for seed wheat, as, if the distribution of the ' seed was delayed much longer it would not be of any use at alL He hoped the Government would come to a decision at once, as people were waiting for the resalt before they subscribed. He felt sure the matter would only be a very trifling one for the Government u they consented to the re quest for the subsidy. : Mr. A. Texnant, urged the neces sity of immediate aetion for the relief of the farmers'. Mr. J. H. Howe, said he did not consider it would be of any use to call Parli xnent together earlier than usual to consider the question of the conservation of water, and doubted whether it would do any good if the Parliament at once considered the land laws. He_ thought the Government had erred in not acting as a good landlord would have done, and au that was wanted at present was that they should tell them they would subsi dise subscriptions for the purpose of obtain in? seed wheat. Mr. Stock, of Enrelia, said the hundred lie was in was a very dry one, and that a water supply was urgently needed. He had spent a considerable sum of money in trying to obtain water by sinking, and his neighbors had done the same, and he expressed himself as willing to pay the expense of boring a well if the Government would supply tbe machinery. Mr. McMAKrrsr, of Beautiful Valley, said he had known one farmer who had been, carting water for seven months a distance of 9 miles, and a great deal of the present distress had arisen from the scarcity of wat2r and the fact that the selectors had to employ their stock in carting water instead of using them in working their land. Many of the dams were dry, and most of the attempts to obtain water had been unsuccessful. _ He was glad, however, to say that in the district to the west of Willochra the selectors had struck good water in several places at about tJO feet. Mr. Vennixg said with, reference to the Bush Fires Act, he would like to say that the fines now imposed were rather heavy, and the magistrates had not sufficient liberty of action in.the way of reducing them. As to the water question, he might mention that some persons had to cart water for 25 miles from Crystal Brooki and had to pay Ss. or 10 per 1,000 gallons for it. He considered that the water should be given away, and not sold as at present. As an instance of the dis advantages under which the farmers labored, he mentioned the case of a farmer in the Hundred of Barunga, who had a team of five horses carting water for three months, and was unable to properly work his selection in consequence of this demand on his stock. He contended that it was necessary to call Parliament together specially, in order to let the selectors know if they could hope ta continue working their selections. Mr. Ward said he did not wish to be mis understood. If there were no other matters than those laid before the Chief Secretary to be considered he admitted that there would be no necessity to call Parliament together earlier than usual, but the Government had disclosed to what length they would go in reference to meeting the necessities of the selectors, and something more was wanted. If the Government would agree on their own responsibility to subsidise the subscriptions for seed wheat, and if they would go some what further than they had done to meet the views of the association respecting the con cessions which (should be made to selectors there would be no necessity for calling Par liament together, and this step would only be necessary if the Government would not go any further. The Chief Secretary said there would be no difficulty with regard to the question of expending a fair portion of the money voted for the conservation of water in the agricul tural areas. As far as his political expe rience went the House of Assembly had never more willingly voted any money than they had voted the amount set aside for ex penditure in the conservation of water. A few years ago he believed there would have been very great difficulty in inducing them to do such a thing; but now it was recognised that it was of the first importance to the settlers and to the colony as a whole that water should be conserved throughout the country, and he did not hesitate to say that if the funds at the disposal of the Government were not sufficient the Parliament would make an additional vote. (Hear, hear.) He would say at once that whatever amount was necessary must be spent in the agricultural districts, and there was no idea of apportioning a certain amount to each place. (Hear, hear.) If they showed the necessity for it, and the money could be expended for the benefit of the district and not any particular individual, the Parliament would readily endorse any action of the Government in the direction of meeting their wants. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the Bush Fires Act and the regulations for stubble burning, there was no doubt that the Act would have to be altered. Since he had been in office he had had several requests that the regulations might be relaxed under certain conditions, and he believed that in almost all cases the wishes of those who had applied had been met. It was far better that the law should be definite, and that there should be no neces sity for these applications, but as these appli cations had been granted there was no need for the meeting of Parliament before the nsual time to consider this matter. With regard to the question of calling Parliament together, with which was bound up more particularly the subjects of subsidising the money given for seed wheat, and the conces sions to be given to farmers, he would point out that when the request in respect to the subsidy was first made the Government understood that tney were asked to supply the seed wheat, and they at once felt that they could not do that. They had, however, now seen the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and requested that the subscriptions should be subsidised, and he had promised to reconsider the matter. He could not say any more on that point as he had not yet conferred with the Commissioner, but in the course of a day or two the decision of the Government would be made known. Referring to the Parliament having been called together for a special session formerly, he would: point out that there was no analogy between the circumstances which preceded that special session and the present case. The .Government had in the instance referred to entered into an agreement with the neigh boring colony to do that which the law did not enable them to do, and they were ab Eohitely bound to call Parliament together in order to carry out this agreement, as otherwise they would have had to acknow ledge that they had entered into an arrangement and could not carry it out. He was sure that it would not be of the slightest use to call Parliament together until some definite scheme had been arrived at. He, on behalf of the Government, made a suggestion at the farmers' dinner, and although they were told this did not go far enough, he had not received any official communication on the subject from the Farmers' Association. He would tell them this, that if they wanted to be supported by the public they must not ask for a general scheme, such as they had suggested ia respeet to ail interest being considered as part of the purchase-money. Thoy might feel assured that the Parliament would not agree to tbis, and that they would not have their wishes in this direction granted. The Par liament would say they would he liberal to those who had suffered, but thay wonld not wipe olf all the interest which should be paid by those who had fair crops. They had a right to suggest that in future no interest should be paid, and it would be fair to move in this direction if thought desirable ; bub he was satisfied that the Parliament would not be ?Billing' to wipe out tbe interest for all alike. He knew that some ot tne selectors had suffered very much ; but others had done fairly, and they could not ask to have the concessions suggested made to them. If they did not approve of the scheme suggested by the Government, they should suggest some thing themselves that would be likely to meet with support for helping those wha most needed help, and not for making concessions all round. The people outside, and the press to a certain extent, said the Parliament should give those most who suffered most, and not treat all alike. The Government were prepared, to treat them in the same- way as a liberal landlord. They said that in those cases where farmers had made nothing they would wipe off their interest or rent ; and those who had. made a little should have slighter concessions, and so on. He did ask them to believe, and he was satisfied he was expressing the feelings of the people and the Parliament when he said it, that they would not agree to treat the selectors all alike whether they needed the concessions or not ; and he asked them to at least make a sug gestion that would give most to those- who needed most. There was no use in calling Parliament together at once, for the Govern ment would be submitting a scheme that the farmers did not approve of. No Government would dream of calling Parliament together unless they wanted Parliament to adopt some scheme that was already agreed on ; and as it was at present the farmers did not agree with the Government proposal, and the_ Government and public did not agree with that made by the farmers, and he hoped, they would consider the Government proposal and moderate their demands as much as possible. There was no doubS a great deal of distress in the Xorth, and it was the duty of the Government to support those men who required assistance, bnt it was not the duty of the Government (and he believed they would be blamed if they did so) to adopt the suggestion that was made for the alteration of the conditions of the agreement between themselves and tlie selectors who were well able to carry out the conditions they had entered into. It might be that interest should never have been charged, but when the land was offered one of the conditions was that interest should be paid, and if they could fairly carry out this condition they should not ask the Govern ment to alter it. Any proposals made to the Government would be carefully considered, and as far as they believed them to be for tlie benefit of the public and the farmers they would be cheerfully acceded to. If they could not agree to the Government proposal he hoped, they would adopt some scheme of a similar character which would meet with favor in Parliament. Mr. Miller said as to the association having recommended a remission of interest for the last three years, altogether re gardless of the returns gained by the selectors, he quite admitted that there were some farmers who were not in need of such a concession now. The association recognised that, and he believed very few of the dele gates present would like to present claims for relief, but they felt that fanning as a whole had been altogether unprofitable to those engaged in it. (Hear, hear.) He had not been able to get out of his land what he had paid to the Government, although he had worked very hard, and seeing that the whole business had beensounprofitablethey thought some concession should be made to them. He believed the revenue would be benefited by the adoption of the suggestion they had made, and he trusted it would be carried into effect. He would recommend the association to consider the Chief Secretary's advice, but he was afraid they would not be able to alter their decision during their present meeting as most of the delegates had left town. 