A FEW YARNS ABOUT A HUSHHANGER* (FK05I THE GOXDA.GAI TlitfES. V Whenever a group of our Vmslimen congregate for a yarn, say round a camp-fire or in a shearer's hut, you may rest assured that the exploits of the .Kelly gang will be duly discussed, and the doings of an equally notorious character will then be introduced. Incidents from the life of Morgan will be related, and descriptions of encounters (friendly) with that bloodthirsty hero will be duly related with pride and self importance. It was during one of these bush palavers that I picked up the following fragments from the life of Morgan, the New South Wales bushranger. Said one of the assemblage round the bushfire :—" The landlady of an hotel on the main Sydney road told me that one day about 2 o'clock, a mail riding a find horse dismounted at the bar door, and, hitching his horse to the verandah post, entered the bar, called for a glass of brand}', an inquired if he could obtain a dinner. Being answered in the affirmative, he strolled out to his horse, of which he seemed very proud, and allowed the animal to rub his head against his person, gazing intently up and down the road in the meantime. Dinner being announced, the tall man unstrapped his valise from the saddle, and led his horse opposite to the door of a room in which the dinner-table was. He entered the room, taking his valise in with him. In five or six minutes he re-appeared in the bar-room, inquired the charge for the meal, paid for it, said ' Good day,' and, stepping to his horse, strapped on the valise, mounted and rode away. The landlady called the servant to clear away the table ; hut, upon--lifting the dish-cover, discovered to her astonishment that the dish was empty ; the bread had also disappeared—in the tall stranger's valise. That night the luailcoach was stopped, the mails taken, and the driver ordered back to whence, he had taken his last | departure—the hotel at which the tall stranger had taken his dinner."' The tall man was Morgan. "I was working (}t»vn at Nargunia,1 said one young fellow, " at the time when Morgan Was knocking around, and Iwas there when he paid the station a visit; and this is how it happened. A decently-dressed chap rode up to the station one evening, and asked to see the manager. The manager was a young fellow, a nephew, I think, of the proprietor. He came out on the verandah, and after a > short chat the stranger hobbled his horse and turned him out in the paddock, and entered the house-with the manager, where he remained for the night. Next morning I was told to run up the horses, and they were soon in the stock-yard. After breakfast, the boss and the stranger came to the yard. The latter caught bis liorse and the boss told me to catch Kitty, a three-year-old not long broken-in.' She was quiet enough when taken quietly, but was nervous and easily frightened. . 'A pack-saddle was brought out °f the store and placed upon her, and quite 3 load of meat, flour, tea, sugar, &e.;, packed upon the -mare. All was ready for the stranger's departure, when something frightened the mare, and away she started around the paddock, and we all hot after her. We found it impossible to stop her. or even to get her into the stockyard. She had made the round of the paddock twice, and was oft" ^"aiti, when the stranger exclaimed, ' D-her, I'll stop her,' and-drawing a revolver from his waist he fired, and the mare dropped dead in her tracks, shot through the head. A quieter horse was then caught, the pack ar>d loading placed upon him, and the stranger departed, after a short talk with the boss. This was Morgan, who, knowing the isolated situation of the station, had quietly told the young manager who lie was *uid what ho required, and his good sense told him it was best to submit to the inevitable, and thus the quiet departure of the dreaded bushranger." , Another of the audience contributed the tollowing'to the Morgan marvels :—" A spot pointed out to me {where a, road con tractor's camp had once stood, near Kyamba. The manner of its destruction was said to have been as follows : Morgan was riding out one morning near Kyamba, when ho met an old man 011 the tramp. Ho enquired whore the man had stopped for the night ; tho old fellow said he had camped out. ' Why did you not stop with the road contractor over yonder V The old man said that he had asked for accommodation for the night, and had been refused. ' Come back to the camp with me ; I have something to say lo those mdn,' and Morgan atld the old man were soon in front of the camp. It being Sunday, the men were ' taking it out of their blankets.' After some shouting the men wore assembled outside, where they beheld the noted bushranger, revolver in hand, and the old man standing by. After swearing at them for being hard-hearted scoundrels for leaving the old man to lie in the cold, when they could easily have accomodated him, I10 ordered one of the men to set live to tho tents. The man dared not disobey, for there sat the avenger with loaded revolver, and it was known that Morgan was shorttempered. The tdnts were fired and destroyed, and I saw the remains of the beef cask with tho hoops piled up as they had fallen from the burning staves." " Now I'll tell you, boys, how Morgan let a fellow off who really wanted shooting, because I10 was an informer, and a treacherous scoundrel, who intended to murder him for the price upon his head," said an old man at the tire. This is his yarn: "There was an old chap boundary-riding on Brookong run, who knew Morgan well, as he frequently met him in unexpected piacc» about the run. Morgan never molested the man, mil' the boundry-rider ever make known the fact that that he was frequently cognizant of the whereabouts of the bushranger. But there was a price placed upon the head of the outlaw, and the news awoke unholy passions in the boundary-rider's breast, and he determined to obtain the reward by treachery and mui'dor. He got a few days' leave of absence and a cheque from the manager, and proceeded to a township, but not the one nearest to the station. He had to pass on his road the hut of a womail who might have sold a drop on the sly. This woman was a friend of Morgan's, and also knew the boundary-rider well. A drop of grog may have loosened the latter's tongue ; at all events the woman regarded ambiguously the bushman's talk, and upon seeing Morgan next day, before the boundary- rider's return, she imparted her suspicions and warned tho bushranger that the bushman was not be trusted. Morgan waited the return of the boundary-rider, and upon meeting him asked him if had been to town, and catching sight of the handle of the revolver sticking out of the man's coat seized it, and drawing it forth, demanded what he was going to do with it. The man said it was.to shoot kangaroos with, but his guilty features betrayed his terror. Morgan did not keep him long in suspense. He told him I10 suspected his intention, and that lie had let him off scatheless, but if he could be found in the neighborhood to-morrow he would hunt him up, and shoot him like a dog. He then examined tho revolver, and finding it was loaded, he raised it and firedj the ball passing between the saddle alid the seat of the man's trousers. No further dismissai was necessary ; the fellow galloped away, arid many miles were placed between him and the scene of his treachery before the sun I rose." 1 