WEEKLY AGRICULTURAL REPORT. The returns from the farming districts in and around Ballarat continue to be of a satisfactory nature, and the samples of grain this season are of an excellent quality in re- gard to cleanness and other things: which make 1 a good whole., ..Threshing operations . have been concluded in many, places,.: whilst in other places the farmers are kept busily engaged. A lengthy report of agricultural matters generally, and individuals yields in the Bungaree and Warronheip districts appeared in our columns earlier during the present week. The old cry of “rain, rain,” is still repeated, and when a change in the . atmospheric conditions takes place, no doubt the farmers will rejoice once more in the refreshing and fertilising showers. The pas turage for cattle and other farm stock looks decidedly unprepossessing, and would be im proved by a downpour of rain. In consequence of this want the cattle which were sleek at the beginning of the summer have somewhat fallen off in condition, but owing to the large quantity of fodder cut this season, the stock will not deteriorate to the extent observable in many previous years. The following yields per acre have, been supplied by farmers re siding in this district:—Mrs Smith, Dean, 25 bushels wheat, 40 bushels oats, 70 bushels peas; Mr J. Maher, Bungaree, 60 bushels oats; Mr D. Bourke, Leigh Creek, 85 bushels barley; Me B. M'Dowall, Gordon, 52 bush els oats, 50 bushels peas, 50 bushels wheat; Mr J. H. Egglestone, Dunustown, 45 bushels oats and 60 bushels barley. In the Carisbrook and dunes districts the average yields are not up to those of previous seasons. Water is also exceedingly scarce near C iris brook, especially at Moolort where selectors and others are obliged to travel their cattle some distance to obtain water. AtCarisbrouk the average district yields per acre are reckoned as follow: Wheat, 10 bushels; oats, 15 to 20 bushels; hay, X ton; barley, 20 bush els. Hear Glendaruel the average yields are given-as follow:—Wheat, 20 bushels; oats, 40 bushels; hay. 2 tons. At the latter place, a machine threshed at Mr Cleaver’s farm 35 bushels of wheat, and 30 bushels of oats respectively to the acre; while at Mr Murray's farm the oats averaged 40 bushels. At Mount Beckwith a patch of one acre of ground, cultivated by a farmer named Brannigan, yielded 21 bags of oats. . The Australasian contains the following account of farming affairs in the districts dealt with:—” County of Bipun.—Stockyard Hill, 20th February—Wheat—Not much grown this season; highest about 25 bushels, lowest 8 bushels. Oats very good; highest 47 bushels, lowest about 20; the crop as a whole very good, and a good plump sample. Barley— None. Hay—Wheaten hay about 2J tons pec acre, oaten hay a little more. Pota toes—The few grown look well, but the dry weither is against them; yield about 3 tons. Grapes—Only a few in gardens; looked well until lately, but now they have got a very bid appearance. Dairy Farming—Carried on by a few with fair results, as dairy produce has been selling better this season. Sheep Farming—Everyone has got a few sheep in this district, and seem to be well satisfied with the profits, as there is less-trouble and ex pense with them than with cropping. General Remarks—The grass is very dry, but the bush fires keep away from our district. Water is getting short in a good many places about this district. The springs are very low this seasou. Everyone hasgotsheep, and cultivates butlittlo; farmers seem to go in for bay more than they used to, as there is mure local demand for it,— “County of Villiers, Tower Hill, I3thPebruary —Wheat —The wheat crop in this district has •been exceptionally good, both in quality aud yield per acre; no sign of rust; the grain well filled and bright in color. The highest yield of which I have beard was 55 bushels, the lowest 25, average somewhere about 40 bushels par acre. The acreage sown much the same as last year. Oats—The oat crop has also been pretty good, but I do not think so many acres were sown, as the farmers here are afraid of the ravages of caterpillars; they, however, failed to visit this dis trict this season in time to do much damage. The highest yield of which I have heard was 60 bushels, the lowest 30, average somewhere about 40 bushels; the quality is very good indeed, but the yield might have been a little greater but for the exceptionally high winds which have prevailed. English Barley—The yields of this crop have been exceptionally good; the quality also good; highest yield, 70 bushels; lowest, 50; average, about 65. No great quantity sown, as the caterpillars are exceptionally destructive to barley. Capo Barley—Crop heavy; quality fair; rust-colored a little. Highest yield, S3 bushels; lowest, 50; average, about JO. About the same acreage sown as last year. Most of it was sold early in the season and shipped for Melbourne. Wheaten and Oaten Hay—A considerable quantity of oaten hay, but very little wheaten cut this season. Thu highest yield, 54 tons; lowest, 2 tone; color spoiled with the rust. Potatoes—The early potatoes are a good crop; the quality also is excellent; area about the same ns last year. Highest yield, 11 tons; lowest, 3; average, about 7 tons per acre. The late planted ones are lost, I fear, through the heat and drought. Mangolds—Very few grown. Maize and other Crops for Green Fodder—Little green fodder used in this dis trict except a little green barley. Peas—The crops promised to yield splendidly, but the late rains rotted the rank-grown haulm, and in consequence the pods never filled; area, about as usual; average yield, about 30 bushels. Dairy Farming—l think a little impetus has been given to this branch of industry in conse quence of better prices prevailing, and our pastures have been very good. Sheep Farming —About as usual, most of the farmers keeping a few, but in this district it is more fashionable to keep pigs than sheep, although I am sure the sheep are much better for the laud. General Remarks—l think this will bo a fair season for the farmers here, the crops being good aud the prices better than they were iluriug the past two years. Caterpillars did little damage, and rust was unknown. The ouly danger is to late planted potatoes. If the dry weather continues they will be a complete failure.” The Bendigo Advertiser thus describes the sulieriuga of the selectors on the large plains lying between Durham Ox, Kerang, and tho Terrieke; —“ Most of the selectors' tanks arc now empty, while those who have any water at all are reduced to 12 inches or 18 inches. This scarcity has led to the driving of cattle seven, and in same cases ten, miles for water, and it is in connection with this work that the most painful scenes occur. While driv ing over these blaziug plains last week with my own horses dripping with perspiration, and in a suffocating cloud of dust, I now and again met with women and children driving herds of from a dozen to 30 head of cattle with two or three poor miserable looking horses, and perhaps a few sheep. This being their all, having lost their crops, the weaker members of the families havti to drive them to water across scorching plains, while the male members are slaving away on another part of tho open plain, feucing or tank-sinking. I afterwards found some of these parties of women and children had to travel four or five miles each way in this manner. One woman I observed, had a baby in arms. Then men and boys on horse back were to be seen driving large herds of cattle and flocks of sheep longer distances, from six to ten miles- Again, occasionally a team of three skeletons of horses might be seen painfully wending their way across the plain, going a distance of perhaps eight miles with oue 400-gallon tank of water for household use, which seemed os much as the thres of them could take along. What do our legi lators, local and national, think of such a picture ns this? All this distress might have been averted bad the Serpentine weir been restored by about last April, which it might easily have been. At present the shire councillors of EastLoddon and Swan Hill and the Minister of Water supply are wrangling about the weir, and valuable time is beinglost. - Whichever of the three it is that is. responsible for the pre sent distress they have something to-answer for.” The following seasonable hints for the farm are extracted from the 4 ustralasian :— “ Farmers who have a choice of land may well consider the expediency of altering; the rota tion in order to prevent the fouling that would be caused by working the stubble land with oat first germinating the weed seeds. Where sorrel is the principal weed, the dry weather should be taken, advantage.bf to .destroy it: A grubber will do this better than the plough, but in every case the sorrel should be brought to the surface by repeated - harrowinge, • be collected and burnt, and the ashes-then spread.. Where couch grass has got; into! the land the same course should betaken.... All docks should, of course, be 4 burnt, for every particle of roof will grow, lu burning all weeds many of their seeds are also destroyed, and thus the practice conduces to' clean tineas. The charring of earth that occurs in slide-burn ing is also beneficial; a liberal dressing of ashes formed by burning weeds with the ad herent soil is as useful a manure as can be in this climate, and,especially in the' "warmer districts. Drilled with turnip seed, in districts suited for that root, a good crop becomes a- moral certaiuty. The large Norfolk combined drills are made to deposit from 60 to 120 bushels of ashes per acre in the. drill with the seed. The smaller quantity is, as a rule, enough. A hundredweight of best Peruvian guano, or a proportionately larger quantity of inferior, is sometimes drilled with the seed. This being a most economical and effective method of applying manures, should be more generally adopted by colonial farmers in connection with a variety of crops, - The advantages of drilling are many, but they are not yet recognised by farmers generally, be cause broadcast sowing appears to be done at a smaller, expenditure for labor. When the results of the two systems are compared the'cheapness will be found where least ex peeled. Drilled crops can be readily horse hoed, and thus the cleaning of the ground is effected, whilst the slight tillage incidentally given promotes- the growth of the crops. In tbs case of wheats, hoeing should be only suffi cient to destroy the weeds; the crop will not, as a rule, derive benefit from the hoeing, a firm bed being more to its liking.' In the selection of seeds of every kind much may be done towards preserving the cleanliness of the farm. Seed grain should be perfectly free from all other substances; it should be as clean as the best screen- dresaer can make it. , Dock, cockle, and drake require special atteution; the screen-must-be set with the object of taking out every seed of these noxious weeds. ' The seeds of many weeds are removable by winnowing, but cannot all be taken out by screening. Seed grain is cleaned with' comparative ease, but not so grass, clover,, and other small seeds. It is with these that weed seeds are most com monly introduced to colonial farms. If the cleanest sample of rye- grass were carefully treated,-and all foreign matter taken out, it would bo found to have contained quite a considerable quantity of weed seeds. Farmers, therefore, should give the seed they buy a final cleaning. Those who cannot possibly do so should be the more careful to purchase only the cleanest and beat samples." The amount of grain delivered at the Spencer street station of- the Victorian Hallways during the week ending 18th February, was as fol lows:—Wheat, 52,165 bags; flour, 2132 bags; bran, 1701 bags; oats, 13,716 bags; barley, 6480 bags; chaff, 11,012 bags and 399 bales; maize, 30 bags; pollard, 179 bags; potatoes, 170 bags; sharps, 129 bags; peas, 2330 bags; hay, 119 bales; carrots, 17 bags; canary seed, 129 bags; malt, 70 bags. Total, 90,868 bags. 