LATEST [FROM GREVILLE'S TELEGRAM COMPANY.] SYDNEY. Wednesday, received 1.45 afternoon. Mr. Jas. Hoskins' resignation is announced. The nomination for Tumut is fixed for the 19th October. McBride, for the Grafton bank robbery, was found guilty with a strong recommendation to mercy, this morning. He was sentenced to two years' in Young gaol. The inquest on the Garden Palace fire was com- menced yesterday. Only two witnesses (the watch- men) were examined when the inquiry was ad- journed until Thursday. Kirchen, the night watchman was affected whilst giving evidence, sobbing several times. He stated he would have sacrificed his life to stop the fire. So far the testimony of witnesses did not throw any light whatever on the origin of the fire. Large bush-fires have occurred at Grafton. Twenty-three acres of sugar-cane were destroyed, Cunnamulla's injuries reported the other day are not so bad as reported. He has only bruised his heel, which is not likely to interfere with his pre- paration for the Melbourne Cup, Received 7.15 evening. On the wharves, to-day, lucerne hay sold at auc- tion at £4 18a to £6 Is per ton, ia good demand ; maize, 5s; oats, 3s 6d to4s; potatoes, £4 10s to £5 per ton ; Victorian onions, £4 10s ; best butter, le 9d to 2s per lb. ; eggs. Is to Is Id per dozen ; bacon, 8d to 9Jd per lb. ; cheese, lid to la. The Government to-day purchased the barque Pride of England, 1351 tops, for use as a powder hulk. Small burglaries continue to be perpetrated ia the railway Buburba with impunity. At Stanmore the pantry burglars are masters of the situation. The master painters have decided not to concede the advance of wages demanded by the man. A masa meeting is to be held to-morrow, when proba- bly the men will go out on strike. A young man named Patrick Smith, driving a waggon along Petersham Road yesterday got entangled with the reins and fell beneath the waggon, the wheel of which passed over his body killing him almost instantly. It is rumoured Mr. Lackey will vacate office to-day. Sir Henry Parkes returns from the mountains to- night. A cabinet meeting will be held to-morrow. Mr. Cameron is mentioned as the probable successor to Mr. Lackey. An inquest on the fire at Cook's premises, Ultimo, was resumed to-day. It is not likely to close to- night. Received 10.15 evening. At the Cootamundra District Court the libel case Orbell y. Moran, plaintiff being secretary of the Temora Jockey Club/the verdict waa for plaintiff, damages le. The libel action Wehr v. Bailey was postponed. The Judge, in addressing the jury, said he did not believe in racing clubs, as they drew together all the blacklegs, thieves, and scum of society, / MELBOURNE. Wednesday. Although Dr. Youl, President of the Central Board of Health, dec ares the supposed small-pox case a. Hamilton to ba only a Bevere attack of chicken-^ xx, the local doctora who have bad con- siderable e perience of small-pox firmly adhere to the opinion that the case is one of true variola. The Government, in order to allay the apprehension of the public, has instructed Dra, Plummer and Wilson to visit the patient. A caterpillar plague is very destructive in the north-western disricts, At the sheep sales prices bad a tendency to decline. Crosebreds sold at 21s; prime, 14a to 16B; medium and inferior, Ils; merinos, 10s to 17a for inferiur to beat. Doctora Girdlestone, Plummer, and Wilson, who were sent up to Hamilton to diagnose the malady from which Wright is aaflering have examined the patient and pronounoe the case to be one oj genuine i Bmall-pox. Dr. Youll, President of the Board of Health, still dissents from that view. ADELAIDE. ' Wednesday. The Rev. F. W. Cox, Congregational minister, was presented this evening with a silver salver and 600 sovereigns, in recognition of 25 years' services as pastor and secretary to the Congregational Union. 