' THE COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS ON YORKE'S PENINSULA. 1 • He Commissioner of Crown Lands, accom panied by Mr. Bedford Hack (Inspecting Sanger), started from Adelaide. on a torn of inspection of the water supply in the various hundreds on Yorke's Peninsula on the 21st isst. He first complaint made to the Com missioner was at Port Wakefield, where the inhabitants said that their supply was almost exhausted, and Mr. Catt, seeing the urgency of the case, made arrange ments that water should be taken to them by train. At Kulpara and Green's Plains the Government were supplying water by means Of special trains, bnt as the Bupply was said to be insufficient arrangements have been made for increasing it. Some dissatis faction was expressed at the price charged, as some of the farmers had even had to sell their seed-wheat in order that they might be enabled to purchase water. He Commissioner could not definitely promise to reduce the price, but agreed to carefully consider what could be done. At Kadina, the complaint regarding the insuffi ciency of the supply was repeated, although twenty 400-gauon tanks were sent there dally, and on the arriial of Mr. Catt a large number of teams were waiting for the water. The Matta still was inspected, and there also a number of teams were camped there not being enough water to meet the demand. The Commissioner{ seeing this, de cided to send a further supply to Kadina by running two water trains daily. Complaints having been made to him that the teamsters were not allowed to water their horses until after they had left the station, arrange ments were made to meet the difficulty. The next step taken was the inspection of the Wandilta Flat Reserve, which the resi dents were desirous should be enlarged, but no decision has yet been arrived at in the matter. He Minister then proceeded to Moonta, and found that there also great distress was existing on account of the want of water. Great objections were raised to the water distilled at the Moonta Mines, as it was said to be highly injurious to health, . and the inhabitants were desirous that a still should be erected on the beach at Wallaroo, as their objections did not apply to the distilled sea water. Their request was not complied with, but it will be laid by the Commissioner before his colleagues for their consideration. A little water still remains in the hands of private individuals, but it is not expected to fast longer than a week or two, but at the mines there is said to be a stock of1,000 hhds. From. Moonta the party went to Maitland. The same cry of want of water was again made, and it was seen that the farmers were dependent for their supplies for stock upon a well known as Salt Well. This source, however, was showing signs of giving out, bo Mr. Catt arranged that a well on private property, where there was a good supply, should be put in order and made available for the use of the selectors' cattle. The water required by the residents of Mait land for household purposes had to be carted from Point Pearce. This was the next place visited, and the Commissioner found that seventeen wells had been made in the sand hills near the beach. The supply, however, was not sufficient for the requirements of the selectors, a large number of whom were waiting with their teams for water, so the Commissioner made arrangements for the sinking of two more wells, which it is thought will help to meet the demand. The Native Station at Point Pearee was also in spected by the Commissioner, after which the party proceeded to Ardrossan. It was. found there that there was no water at all in the i town and that all supplies had to be brought from Tiddy Widdy. The wells at the latter ' place were then inspected, and although they i gave a large quantity of water, still it was not at all sufficient for the teams coming in from all quarters. The Commissioner, therefore, made arrangements that three more wells Bhould be Bunk. The selectors who visited this place came as far as 17 miles, and one of them told Mr. Catt that he had been eight days constantly on the roads, while for three days and nights he had not had his clothes off. At Wills Creek the residents were desirouB that a .township should be laid out, and the Commissioner expressed himself favourably on the matter, as he cnid he believed that a mistake had been made when the Township of Clinton, six miles distant, had been laid out. It. was altogether in the wrong place, and the jetty was useless. At Tipara and other places arrangements were made by Mr. Catt to provide better supplies of water to the selectors. Wallaroo Bay was l afterwards inspected, and about 100 head of cattle and fifteen teams were waiting j there for water. The wells in. the sand hills were. nearly all dry, owing to the constant drain upon them, and altogether a very deplorable state of aflairs seemed to prevail. People were waiting for water, to runintothewells, andtheCommissionerseeing the distress ordered that a large well Bhould be put down in another situation where it was supposed a much better supply could be obtained. At Tickera the deep well was found to be nearly dry. The boring opera tions at Peela Weela were specially in spected, and the bore was found to be down 130 feet. Water was struck at 75 ^feet, but and bitter^asf to .be of no use. At 113 feet a second Bupply was met; but although it was plentiful still it i was exceedingly salt. At 122 feet the third I supply was met with, and the water at I once arose 35 feet in the bore, bnt although better that previously met with, it was also so salt as not to be drinkable. The bore is being put down at the rate of 8 feet per day, and from the indications it is thought t-W. as it gets deeper the water will improve in quality. Mr. Catt says that ou the general question things are very bad, but the steps the Government are taking meet with the approval of the settlers, and seem to be the best to meet the urgency of the ctee. Mr. Catt thinks also that the sending of water by train, steamer, and ketch to Port Wallaroo will help materially to lessen the distress of the people. During their journey the party saw a great deal of mullemzmg being carried on in the scrub districts.. The bush-fires that were constantly burning had the effect of adding to the almost unbearable heat of the weather. March J... He Commissioner of Crown lands was in terviewed at Kadina this evening by a large deputation ot farmers, introduced by the Mayor, Mr. Christmas, who advocated the excavation of a large central reservoir at Wandilta Flat. A number of fanners who live within six miles of- this place also spoke. Some opposition was offered by others present, who thought dams should be sunk in centres of farming land pntside, so as to prevent carting long distances. Mr. Catt answered that he could not give any definite promise, but he thought it more advisable to sink others outside, as the rock on the site sug gested .would cause an expenditure equal to the cost of three reservoirs outside ia favour-' able country. At Wallaroo to-night a deputation, intro duced by the Mayor, Mr. Bews, asked the Government to undertake all cost of excavat ing a pit at Wallaroo Wells, instead of asking the Corporation to undertake half the cost, seeing they had already sunk eight wells to supply the farmers, who would otherwise have been compelled to go to the Govern ment ; also to sink a large reservoir in south eastern end of the town, in large catchment area abutting on railway, where there is good holding ground. The Commissioner agreed to undertake the cost of excavation at the Wells, and thanked the Cor poration for tne assistance rendered^ in supplying the wants of stock. He promised to inspect the rite of the dam to-morrow. He also goes toPeela Weela and Tickera dis tricts early to- morrow morning to inspect the well-boring, and other placeB. returning to Adelaide to-morrow night. Mr. Catt rays the sufferings of the districts on the Penisula he visited are very great. 