COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondents. J Melbourne, January 24. The naked body of Harris, head master of the Beech worth School, who was reported to have disappeared in a mysterious manner, was found in the river at Richmond this morning. Melville, the stationmaster at Dimboola, lias been arrested on a charge of embezzling £73 belonging to the department. It is stated that prisoner has been gambling heavily of late. On the suggestion of his wife an official audit of the accounts was made. Claimants for damages arising out of the Hawthorn collision will be invited to refer their claims to the arbitration of the Board appointed to enquire into the circumstances of the collision. The Government are engaged in drafting a Bill to prohibit the adulteration of articles of food, drink, and drugs. A bush-fire, which destroyed the grass, fencing, and other property, valued at £1,000, occurred on Robertson Brothers' Estate, Colac, yesterday. . . _ At the City Court to-dayBenjamin Thompson, Stationmaster at Hawthorn, and William Hunt, guard of the special train which collided with another on the Hawthorn line on the 3rd ultimo, were charged on summons with feloniouslv killing and slaying William Thomas, who died from injuries sustained in the collision. It was explained that the charge was brought for the purpose of simplifying the issue, and clearing the depositions taken by the Coroner of extraneous matter with regard to the administration of the Railway Department, as the depositions were too involved to put _ to the Jury. Several witnesses were examined, their evidence being similar to that tendered at the inquest. A large number of witnesses remain to be examined. The Ministers of Railways and Mines were present to-day at the inauguration of the new water supply scheme for Daylesford. A banquet followed. Mr. H. JR. Williams, in responding to the toast of " The ex-Ministers, said there was more fight in the members of the Berry Ministry than they had shown in the it in the past. He was proceeding with further remarks in a similar strain when he was called to order. The stakes won at the Victorian Club Meeting were ]>aid over to-day. The largest amount, £520, was received by W. J. Redfearn, who won the Victorian Club Cup. Sir Thomas Elder received £365, and Mr. Branch £245. At the half-yearly meeting of the Land Mortgage Bank to-day a dividend of 8 per cent, was declared. 