toqwdtt nnnir ON AUSTRALIA. Speaking in Boston this distinguished lecturer thus referred to these colonies :— .'Youthinfc it strange that intercolonial tariffs should be kept up between the Australian colonies, and so do the best men of the colonies themselves- Ihe T»*sence of a little common danger— say the Appearance of a couple of Rustaan privEs off the Australian coast-would VL . ..._ .??,- onnfpfWatiGn of these Thrfre as proud of their separateness »s theTin « handled years wilt be of Sou- -union. Each leading city expects to be the capital of the federation-at Sast there are three cities that are pro bable candidates for this position, and Sus cities they are, either of them Sy of being the capital of a great Sbi Sydney, the first one you visit - nataon. oyuuj* , , Sydney, Sydney m^--^e- ^ ^ ^ SoXrn Hemtphere' unless it be that of Bio Sydney? which is a dream' of oeauty for ts position by land and sea, is a* S child not unworthy of its paren tage in the best;of emigrant population from England. There was a Botany Bay near Sydney ; but, if you go to Australia and speak of the population there as being descended from convicts, your mouth is soon closed, not by a haughty reply, without fact behind it,- but by actual evidence. It is true that convict families have had successors in Australia ; i . .!.?«__ ? i.*»i a. circt«»m nf the transoorta tion of convicts became a gehenna. Aus tralia herself was one of the foremost powers in the combination of forces which caused its abolition. Since 1854 this transportation has ceased, and that -date is bow along way off. The popula . tion has increased faster in many portions of Australia than in any part of our American Union during the past twenty veare The result is that the present Jtmosphere of Adelaide reminds you of Edinburgh. Melbourne . can receive no higher compliment from your present speaker than the assertion that it 13 most like Boston of any city he has visited on a tour round the world. Melbourne is aggressive, incisive, almost breathless in her activity— the most American of all the Australian cities. Sydney would not this praise of Melbourne, and Melbourne would not like any praise of Sydney ; and yet after all their rivalry is more good banter than serious commercial cclfcsion There are, no doubt, some important ? «;„*«, «f inforant. between the two ; but they will drift, within fifty or at most a hundred years, as I think, into the most peaceful of federations. As one nation, the people will feel their responsibilities are continential. Confederation will strengthen all the excellent tendencies of the country and enhance the value of the inheritance and achievement of e population— it1 is freedom, universal suffrage, and present arrangements as to Church and State. ' Out of Australia, as I believe, are to come forth important forces facilitating reform throughout the East. From the contre of population 100,000,000, under the Southern Cross, will be shot javelins of Christianity and of lofty, political, and educational influence iuto the very heart -»£ Japan, India, and China, and even of the Dark Continent itself. ** I regard this climate influence as by no means die least of the perils of the Northern Australian population. Britons in Queensland are ia the climate of Spain and Algiers. Tasmania is like England iu her climate. New Zealand resembles portions of the mother island, but most of Australia lies in a sub-tropical climate: and already in the younger population you %ean to find developed some of ihe fringes «f the vices of Spain and Italy, and of the whole region of the sub-tropical world. Such intemperance as Britons cannot endure at home is . swiftly fatal in Australia. Give me the deliverance of Australia from the vices peculiar to certain climates, let Christianity purify the popu lations in such a manner that they may shine with beams as . keen as . their 'own constellations; and there wili not be on the face of the globe in one hundred years —except, possibly, in this Republic— a influential gathering of KnglisU speaking people than in Australasia at 3 sjge, Australia is the most Americanized por tion of the British Empire. It is so vast that in the few months you spend in it, in meeting crowded lecture appointments, you cannot see half nf it. But Australia consentrates its population in its cities. In fifteen cities of Australia and Tasmania in which you lecture y«u Sn-l more than half the population. The towas cling to two river courses and the best sea-ports i Australia is, and for ages is likely to be, a crescent of population. The tips of it are at Port Darwin in the north, and at Adelaide in the south. The chief thick ness of it is at Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne. This crescent will enlarge rmtil nerhaDS, there may be in it, in Australia alone, a hundred millions of people. Near the crescetit will burn two stars of the first magnitude— Tasmania and New Zealand. M uwr stars like the Fijis and smaller islands under British control willsurrouud th:s sroup, and so the whole constellation wi'i float through the azure of history.' Thick Heads, Heavy stomachs, bilious Conditions— Wells' May* A pole Pills' — anti- bilious, cathartic. 5d. aud Is. Moses, Moss & Co., Sydney, General Agents. A Brewarrina squatter says that most of the bush-fires are caused by kangaroos rubbing sticks together until a flame is produced. He avers that he has seen 