NEWS IN BRIEF. 1 — — — I Specially collated and enitomised for " The Weekly Times.4') Sir Alexander Gait has resigned hisposition as Agent-General for Canada. The average of Victorian Parliaments has )een two years and two months. Prince Bismarck is stated to be suffering : rom a severe attack of bronchitis. Goal is stated to have been discovered over 600,000 acres at Cabbage Bay, Auckland. The South Australian Government intend to give Port Darwin a railway next year. The French Government has ordered its war vessels to blockade the ports of Mada gascar. The oldest sovereign in the world is the Emperor of Germany, who is eighty-six years of age. Mr. R. Clark, M.L. A., for Sandhurst, iis very unwell, and has been ordered change of Scene and climate. Six valuable Clydesdale mares arrived in Melbourne on Sunday from London by the the steamer Sihk. A strong movement is being set on foot in Liverpool against employing Irishmen in any capacity whatever. The Hon. Arthur Macalister, formerly Premier and Agent-General of Queensland, has died at Glasgow. A translation of 44 Hiawatha" into Greek verse has recently been published at Leipzig by M. Pervanoglou. On and after July next the P. and O. Com pany will abandon Brindisi and revert to Marseilles as a port of call. Mr. John May of Cbewton, one of the sufferers from the late Clunes railway acci- dent, is m a critical condition. The extensive store of Mr. Tobin, of Ararat, with its contents, were completely destroyed by fire on Saturday evening. The West Bourke election on Saturday resulted in the return of Mr. Deakin by a majority of 702 over Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. An action for breach of promise, brought by a lady against Mr. J. G. Biggar, member for Cavan, has resulted in damages of £400. Queen Ranavola, of, Madagascar, has appealed to England and Germany to prevent the French from bombarding Tama- ftave. Messrs. Eugene Ascherberg and Co., of London, manufacturers and importers of French and German pianos, have failed for £70,000. The Queen has purchased a painting of the return of tbe 2nd Life Guards from Egypt to Windsor, by Victor Gordon, a young artist of promise. The United States Government has ordered a man-of-war to proceed to Madagascar to protect the interests of American subjects in that island. The Rev. Charles Clark has recently been delivering to London audiences the lectures which gained him so much popularity iu Australia. 1 A Chinaman, sixty years old, named Ah Pew, hanged himself on Thursday night in his hat &t; Spring Gully, ill-health the pre sumed cause. Mr. Mugg, late secretary to the South Australian Farmers' Association, owing to his being involved in pecuniary difficulties, had levanted. A French journal suggests that the Re public should take possession of the New Hebrides and utilise the group as a resort for liberated convicts. The Bechuanas, & native race inhabiting the country to the east of the Transvaal, are combining together to resist the encroach ments of the Boacs. A violent thunderstorm passed over Ballarat East on Sunday evening, the rain falling in torrents, whilst in Ballarat West the rainfall was scarcely visible. Mr. Gillies, Minister of Railways, has de cided that all appointments in the Railway Department shall be made by the responsible departmental heads. Mount Etna, in Sicily, has been recently showing signs of renewed activity, and it is feard that volcanic eruptions on a vast scale will olinrflv fata nl a po The first-class Italian ironclad Lep&nto;, which has been in course of construction at Leghorn for about two years, has been successfully launched. A large boulder recently fell upon the fore arm of a qu&rryman; named M4Hugh, at Heidelberg, and tbe limb had to be amputated at the Melbourne Hospital. Joseph Britton, boatswain of the ship Iberia, lying at Circular Quay, recently shot himself through tbe head with a revolver, and died shortly afterwards. An old lady named For&ter;, who com mitted suicide at Waipakur&u;, N.Z., recently, has left £28,000 to the Gboreh of England and a few charities. An explosion of gunpowder occurred on Saturday at tbe law courts in Borne, but although the report was terrific, only a small amount of damage was done. A young man named David Bayley, a plas terer engaged on a building in course of erection at Sydney, recently fell from the scaffolding, fracturing both legs. Mr. George Darwin, son of the htfa Charles Darwin, the Evolfitioniet, h teg been electee Pfofeiaef Of Astronomy and Experimental Philosophy at Cambridge tmverrity. It it ixmmteA ihM Mt (MMm ha# fefigfh, after an active political earner which has extended ove/ half a cent my, dbfterimned to feefgri hie reef itt fh< 6 f Gomrimn#. A /mltf SeptrfMim H abonf fo ff&wM; M' nm fa nrire m fmvftfm fa m trndm of m fafm-tffi i w faf mmw mt At GW m mm mm m fm- mm m 4 mm & m mt m Mm mwfitim&ftM; g jgsyAMj HitM tmrn mt the Smithfield Market, with a oapital £100,000. M. Maokoff, Russian Privy Councillor and Secretary of State, has committed suicide. The deoeased statesman is suspected of having been guilty of extensive peculations in his department. At a recent examination before an American - grand jury for murder in a Southern State, the accused drew a revolver, shot has wife through the head, and then, shot himself. Daring the passage of the steamer Waihora, from Glasgow to Melbourne, the assistant steward, Alexander M'Donald, was lost, and is supposed to have jumped or fallen overboard. The old hostelry at Newtown, Sc&rsdale;, formerly known as the Black Swan, and latterly as Hamilton's hotel, was totally con sumed by fire last week, together with the furniture and stock. Mr. F. A. Taylor, son of Mr. Hugh Taylor, &.L.A., of Parramatta, while engaged iu drafting wild cattle on Friday morning, had one of his legs broken in consequence of his horse falling with him. On Saturday morning the premises of Messrs. Eason and Nichols, cabinetmakers and upholsterers, High street, St. Kilda, were burnt, and property to the value of nearly £3,000 was destroyed. A New Zealand colonist named Robert Bolt attempted suicide at Wainui-o-mata, recently, by cutting his throat, and was found hidden away in the bush with his throat terribly hacked, The police at several towns in Westphalia4 Germany, recently published a list of notorious drunkards of each place, and hotel- keepers are forbidden to sell liquors to the persons thus proscribed. The wife of Mr. W. Chute, of the firm of Oughton and Chute, contractors for the post j and telegraph offices of Wellington, New » Zealand, has been confined of three fine J daughters, all doing well. j The British Admiralty are despatching J supplies of guns necessary to convert | merchant ships into armed cruisers from j Woolwich Arsenal to Bombay, Hong Kong, j Cape Town, and Sydney. j The person who, under the name of j 44 Number One," directed the operations of j the Irish Assassins' Committee, has escaped to Mexico, and it is feared that he is now I beyond the reach of pursuit. The Hon. J. P. Abbott, the New South Wales Minister for Mines, has ordered the immediate removal of all advertisement hoardings and posters found upon Crown lands in and around Sydney. The passenger steamer Copenhagen, bound from Leith to America recently, with a large number of souls on board, mottly emigrants, foundered at sea during heavy - eather, and sixty five persons were drowned. Mrs. Adams, the young woman who at Daylesford last week was crushed internally by a 400-gal. tank partly full of water falling on her from a height of 12ft., is still alive, but the case is very serious. Elizabeth Wilkinson, the half-witted woman who strayed away from Armidale recently, has been seen in the neighbouring bush, but manages to elude pursuit, though what she subsists on is a mystery. A writ, claiming £8,000 damages, has been served on the Southern Cross Gold- mining Company, Talbot, on behalf of the widow of James Boyd, who was killed in the company's mine in November last. There are 1,120 publichouses in Melbourne and suburbs, with an aggregate annual rent- roll of £336,000, representing a trade capital of £3,360,000, employing 4,480 persons, whose yearly wages amount to £465,920. A serious affray occurred on Saturday at Limerick between some of th8 Land Leaguers and a number of men belonging to the 52nd Regiment of Scots Greys, in which several men were sericuely, if not fatally, injured. Since the Great Cobar copper- mine was started on the 1st July, 1876, there have been 80,820 tons of ere raised, yielding 10,987 tons of copper, being an average of 13 59 per cent., and of the value of £70,000. A young American in one of the Eastern States, fired with religious frenzy, recently built a pyre of wood, ignited it, and then, asceriding to the top, cut his throat, thereby providing a blood and burnt onermg com bined. In opening the recent session the rector of the University of Leipsie mentioned that out of twelve students who had died duriDg last session only four had died natural deaths, one being killed in a duel, whilst seven com mitted suicide. Six members of the Irish Patriotic Brother hood have been convicted at Belfast for con spiring to murder landlords, and the records of the Brotherhood show that the latter were incited by the Irish Land League to commit the murders. Several large bush- fires have recently occurred in tbe Wychfetella and Buckraban yule district, through carelessness on the part of certain selectors burning off stubble, by whieh a large extent of fencing and grass were destroyed. The steamer Maeedon struck on the Kingston Reef, Western Australia, and has become a total wreck. All hands saved. The Kimberiey survey party was on board, and los£ the hay and dour inteaded fbr'tbe supply » ol foe espedifirifc The body of a man itemed George Milne, a native of Elgin, Scotland, was riWetftly found in a descried house near Nagambie, so much decomposed that- foe cause- of death conld ; hot' be asccriained appearances printing to- ; driSfl'ty rtodF heariMteessb. j Qnee# Yiefori# mmti? wo# ri- foe fcy- Exhibition w df ! Hpfo" EWefonf fom H<r mmm fam- (tm j fowdrtlf --dfeef- pdriiofortV ffrdhfori thmmm ! ftW it (4HriW Of 4 i if > fW \ jmw Sim mm w &$- i mm #, ' if 7M sm mm Mi = Wf'MMUiM jm A Smh ffiirtr - www '"WWW vir| : slowly, is extending. The London and Norfo- Wesfceru intend to double the number of foot- warmers charged with this substance ' .and next winter they will have 6,000'. According to the Journal of Russian Physico-chemical Society, the priority of photographing with the electric light belongs to the well-known. St. Petersburg photo grapher, M. Lewitaki, who obtained each photographs in the winter of 1856. The Hon. F. T. Sargood at the annual dinner of the Victorian Pipeelay Club, stated that he hoped 44 within a short time to be able to announce that three Imperial officers were on their way to the colony, for the purpose of taking charge of the force." Five Maoris at Taupo, N.Z., recently brutally attacked a European named M'Neil and left him for dead. It was proposed to throw him into the lake, but he shammed death, and after an altercation, the Maoris ; made off, but were afterwards arrested. ' John Largan, the English sculler, is about to return from Sydney to England. His trip has been most, unsuccessful, and although he is a sculler of no mean ability, yet, owing to illness and change of climate, he lost every race in which he competed. ' Mr. Alfred Moul, who was assaulted a few weeks ago by Mr. James Moore for an alleged attack in a newspaper upon Miss Moggie Moore, his sister, a well-known actress, has oommenced civil proceedings in the County Court against his assailant for £99 damages An exploring party, under the leadership I of Mr. Yuille, son of Mr. W. C. Yuille, the well-known Melbourne agent, has just left Adelaide to explore a new track of country in the south- eastern portion of Western Aus tralia, in the interests of a Melbourne synd! ; cate. A hen, in the possession of Mr. William Jttana, or wagga, wnen nrsc natcned was ft pure white ; at the next moulting hsr feathers were jet black, \rith no signs of 4 white, and this alternate moulting from white to black has continued over six moulting seasons. Tbe International Fisheries Exhibition in London will be opened by tbe Queen on 1st May, at which the National Training-school of Cookery Will daily demonstrate that the cheaper and coarser kinds of fish may be more profitably used for food than for manure. In a Christchurch evening paper there recently appeared the following advertise ment : — 44 The persons who eased me of about I 2cwt. of coal last night are requested to come again to-night, and I wHl wait up for them. | Refreshments — Ginger-ale, cake, and small i bull pup." The sovereign who has reigned the longest j is the Emperor of Brazil, Pedro H., who ; ascended his throne when only six years | of age, and 'has reigned for fiity- two years, i and next to him comes Queen Victoria, with foity-six years. The first persons to land on Victorian territory were Clarke (an English sailor) and a lascar, portion of the crew of a vessel wrecked in 1797, on the Furneaux Islands, and the first permanent settlement was made by Mr. Henty 's party at Portland, on the 19th November, 1834. The schooner Signet, from Tonga, reports that during a recent hurricane at Nanan foe Tongan schooner Tobamatohe was totally wrecked, cocoanut trees were blown down, and the native ehurch at Ohiper and a teacher's house were carried away a eon siderable distance. Forty thousand eggs of the M'CIoud River trout — the gamest fresh- water fish in America — have been shipped to New Zealand ; 10,000 each go to Auckland/ Wanganui, Nelson, and Christchurch. If the M4Cloud River trout become established in New Zealand, anglers Will have rare sport. A Chinese merchant asserts in the Sydney journals that the New South Wales fishery laws are barbarous, and years behind the Chinees law, stating that the size of mesh required in New South Wales expands in foe water to such an extent as to prevent the catch of saleable fish. Mr. Paulson, curator of the Athenseum at Yackandandab, was tossed and gored in the street by an infuriated cow and ealf on Saturday, and severely injured. The calf aided in the attack by jumping on and butting the unfortunate gentleman as he lay helpless on the ground. As a little girl named Annie Harris, raven years of age, was crossing the line at Sydney recently on her way to school, the tram struck ber, knocked her down, ran over her right arm, fracturing it and crushing foe bones of the elbow joint, necessitating am putation at the hospital. An anonymous letter of warning has been received by the British authorities stating that on the reassembling of Parliament, after the Easter recess, the House of Commons is to be blown up by dynamite, the Irish 44 Invincibles" being named as the perpetrators of this atrocious deed. Melbourne was visited with a founder- storm of unusual severity on Saturday after noon, and nineteen points of rain wees registered in one hour at the Observatory. The principal thoroughfares were flooded, pedestrian traffic stopped, and considerable damage done in Elizabeth and Swanaton str&ris.; In foe North Atlantic record, wave# hsvfc bCen Observed of 24ffc. and 30ft high, highest being 13ft., mean 181 1, iif tfestfeHy gales. In fort Pacific, 32fl. Wmatftefr; Atlantic, 22ft; ; Gape Hom; 3Sfi tfeari, 14Mt; ; GoriffXh Pt&m; mm mmm Mt& m t m saw tg( Eiseayi , ipgr £ .vm mte »wi> # JaM&MW-; M Stop mm m ow»> i -WW- .foe - m + mm Jif flBBBBP IfOTIIMRipBHPflBflflBBBBNBBmiflBMBHHBMM ' ; "--7;": ;, '.-,;-1-li .- V -. : .' . .-..Mi-t ...w ..Aiudiiw - atraflV1 «rt«- bbpb wbwiwflj vpi bbwbbbb -imhbbn WMUMU dV flPBtetfc ttfRkigr H3&MV; Br 9f MPS w IHS MNPC mm- Wm flPHMi '(WW ftfv W # Olaftn'f nana! retrain danger wf firing way, SSMSrattS <iwJII!oi!!w dom WM My ddlw Mr. Brahmin Mfe, a Kw Zealand racMn, fi» nmf «i areas |ir th« railway bridge at fii|K«», H»»Wi B»y, wa rjr, | orer bp a train and killed- Tb« dtcvrei raw twill by the driver to h H m by fee gixdera aw lh« train efppeoaebeil ; but while it rera ptTTTT H mi riMrail that toe atari htwe IWteCM giilj, nad ktiew forward. Aftrffitflfrg bet 1 tee tot nstarn, therm in 1,117 theatres in Bmp It»ty l»«di the fill wife $#8 ; nest WWW Fran©. with S3? ; Oemwey, 194; Spin, 190: Great Britain, 160: Austria andl Hangars, 132; Rossi;, 44 : Brigiotn, U ; Holland, 22 ; 8ati<tl4ni, 20 : flwefteo end Norm, 18; Pmu;xAl, 18; Denmark, 10; and Tarkey and Greece. 4 Mb. At Sydney on Sunday, iw a young coople to be natrird were creating the rail way line ever a bridge which .had no guard mil, neer the Wiadtor encampment, a train ewer took them, frightened at wfciib, they overbalanced themselves and fell off the bridge, the lady escaping with a few brute. hW bier companion fatally fracturing hie kail. The body of a woman found cm a recent fftmdsy morning floating in the Auckland Barbour has Imi ideatifi d as that of S t«a« Dwncan, a woman of indifferent reputation. Shortly afterwards a dingy was found float ing with a man and woman's umbrellas in it, ind fee body |of a seaman of the coooner Saxon named Charles Baker was »Im fooci floating in the harbour. At Ball? to, near Daylesford. last wk, a young man named Henry Gos nearly cm me kg off wife u axe. whan stripping the branches off a fslkn bee- He missed -his aim, and received fee fall force of fee blow ow the knee cap, laying it open end catting Che leg half through. He was taken to the local hospital in a state of partial collapse, but is expected to recover. €T?C At Woolwich recently, the London boys ten to eleven years old banded themselves together for predatory purpose, and so state were they feat they rem not captured until nearly every local shopkeeper bad been robbed. They stole books, sweets, knives, biscoite. and tinned lobsters. The bigger boys ate all the lobster, and a fight ensued, which aided in their captors. The new Sydney Town-hall win be 166ft. gin. by 85ft, to addition to organ recces of 85ft by 25ft ; besides aide and end galleries and a epaeraos orchestra, accommodation will be provided for about 5,000 persons. Them will also be a lower hall of the same area as fee principal one, and ISft high, which may be need for banquets, skating, basaars, and other entertainments The death Is aanoaaeed of fee Bight Hon. Sir George Jewel, the Master of the Bolls, at the comparatively early age of fifty-nineyears. He ws the first and as yet the only, member of fee Jewish community who has attained to a eaat on fee English Judicial bench. Competent acthorities have pronounced him to be one of tire greeted lodges that have of late yeers sat upon the English bench. Ho fewer than 352 piece# of partially do composed horseflesh, besides Isxgo quantities of diseased pork and beef, were recently found on fee ptoniim of a Birmingham (England) potted meat manufacturer, in various stages of "preparation" for potted meat, fifty fern of duly "prepared" meat wen ako found, which on examination proved to be totally unfit for tinman food. A detsrmined attempt was made at early morning meentlv to ente like Cottage, Ostfaesbam Vslky. The occupier was from home, bet his daughter, Mks Maggie Page, from fee bedroom window fired a revolver at the would-be burglar, and afterwards covered him with the revolver t every window ha attempted to aster, and nltimately succeeded in driving Mm off. At Cobar recently, a young man of good odncatwm and addires who had through drink lost a loerative situation fell into the KmwAm of gamblers, who eased Mm of every pliilliwg he had earned, besides bis watch, lings, and trinkets ; and whilst be was ao drank that he could not stand alone they held Mm up to fee counter whilst he signed a cheque for a small remaining bank- halanoB. An incendiary fire occurred, on Sataday in a bed containing wheat, pollard, and chaff, belonging to Mr. Seoaing, of Woorak. near Dimboola, daring fee absence of the owner, by which forty -eight bags of seed wheat were totally destroyed. A paper containing a threat of burning fee property was fraud in fee yard, the writing of which has been identified, and fee matter is in the bands of feepofim. A terrible scene was witnessed recently in fee alcoholic ward at the Bellerne Hospital, New lori An Irish machinist, f excep tional ore and strength, daring an attack of Miriam, killed a patient with repeated Mows from a stool, baring first fractured his aknlL There was a fierce conflict between fee manwc and seven keepers, fragments «# furniture being need, nntil the maniac was finally lasvoord and cnbdaed. To give an idea of the daisy industry in France. M. Hers Mangtra recently sfetri at an asriatltnral gathering the milk produced in the country would, if oolieeled. form a stream 8ft. din. in width and 1ft. lvn. Jra dcptlw flowing night and day 1! fee yeer with a mean velocity of 3ft. draper second. Trang animals drink a part o ttneenarreorre vohnne of milk, nun take a good part of H, and the rest is transformed into butter and cheese. Mr. Hawks H'iithff, MP., in a lata | nli said he bad recently visited Tahiti, awJt K«d itnvmsd fee efieet of French mo- there, and 1m hefleved it to be so injoriov Ifctf » rera bfcMf oxpedirat to lagreut a shnflar moral catastrophe tailing Sr dm inhabitants of Madagascar. It was to mamwwmnwasmmwmaamww"aocpa|wawwi,iP' T""" " -y €bra" Wood Tunis, ffigfafato, near ftoten. 1mm been reraPbnmS m behalf of imrafl Pasha, fee n-imr of s|ypc. for £9ff,tMXk Chen Wood Toners fs A modem be nee, of Bhasfaetliaa deriga, and m aor- flnmrded by ah<v?» vwriva rem of admirably 'laid not grinds. the gentleman who egofisted fee sale in fee first instaiio! purchased at £40.860, aol resold iite pfoperty on the followia day to fee agcu;s of Ismail Parii for £30 000, One of the Imgaat coffee plantations in Braad is the Poseada Bant Catherina, 100 from Bio Janeiro, belonging to Baron de Moutciro. It covers an area of in:-, ire th m twenty square miles, ©ositoinv 1.700,000 bcarinf trees, and employs 600 slaver, who am subjected to th" mos; rigid discipline, and, la fact, a much like machines as it is possible for human beinm to become. They are well taken cam of. however, and the Baron nuiotain a private hospitv!, with a rerident physician and Mutants, for the tick. An ancient mine has been found in th? mountains near SaNbnrr. Austria, which j gives indkatkms of having been octmpied Kid aban<fon<«i at least 2 000 vr ;?« ago. It cwntaiuR a for.-re a- d coaf.j'ed mass .-f timbers which were need for support, and a number of miners' implements. The imple ments were mainly wooden shovel, axe- handles, etc. The probabilities are that the snmeut saltminers were overta' en by the flooding of the mine, as mummified bodies have been discovered also. The find seemed to have belonged to the pre-Botnan times, as the axe handles were evidently used for bronze axes, specimens of which hare bccc found «j »n the surf: of the moantric. xjltcb itkxs. The great volcano of Heda, in Iceland, is again in a state of eruption. The steamer Sf icrdon, rscrotlr wrecked on the West Australian coast, is reported to he ! fa«t breaking op. Tlte Spanish Government is erecting strong fortifications on a position commanding the Straits of Gibraltar. The Gvrtnan Emperor's ciyhty -sixth birth day was celebrated last week by the German residents in Sydney. The £30.000 left from the Duchess of Marl borough's Belief Fond will be devoted to assist Irish emigration. The Irish Fenians have formed a project | of destroying the repairing basin in the great English naval arsenal at Chatham. Communication by telephone hat been worked successfully between Hew Ycrk and Cfois i go, a distance of nearly .>00 miles. Easter Monday was devoted by all classes of the CTtntn unity to smn«ement. and ZFiigimisly observed as a general holiday. In the Himberley district, 350.000 acre leasehold, wife 4,000 sheep, were i-«?ently scld to an Enedtoh purchaser for £8,000 The All Nations' Bazaar in the Town-baF, in aid of the foods of Christ Chureh. South Yarra, has been very sueeessfol daring the week. The province of Armenia is extremely dis affected to Turkish rale, and it is reported that Russia intends occupying fee province in the spring. The mysterious " Narmber One" of the Irish AsaUsms Committee is reported to be a commercial traveller named Tynam, who has esssped to Mexico. The schooner W aterwitch grounded on Sunday, whilst attempting to crow the bwof the Ridbmox Rrar. and her removal will be a matter of difficulty. A series of disastrous avalanches have oocistred at Haunt Ararat, in Armenia, hv j wMds several village, and upwards of 100 persons, were destroyed. The International Fair in fee ExMoition- hnildinf, in aid «f fee butMine fund of St. Pitrick's Cathedral, has been largely patronised daring the week. The fritereafonial ericVet match between South AostralHn and Yicorisn elevens ended in the iynotnraioas defeat of the former by cms innings and 98 runs. The Khedive has recalled his brothers to Egypt, and ottered Prince Hassan, the second eldest, who received his military education in Europe, fee chief command of the forces in the Soudan. The steamer Australian, which foundered on altering the Clarence River Heads last week, is still agronnd, but is expected to float off at the next spring tides, the cargo having been lightened. A man named Patrick BPGrafe fell, on Monday, from some scaffolding on the railway bridge at Dabbo into a pnot moored under neath, and was killed cm the spot, his skull bong fractured. In consejcence of the dynamite outrages in London, 2,000 infantry soldiers and a detachment of the Coldstream Guards have been appointed as sentinels ova the principal public bonding. The schooner Adonis, coal-laden, sunk by a leak whilst crossing the bar of the Richmond River recently, was successfully raised on Saturday by means of a coffer-dam built round the main hitch. Malmkee, a Maori chief, and twenty fol lowers. have been arretted bv fee New Zealrn authorities for opposing the sur render of the Maori who recently captured the Government surveyor. In France, some hive been arrested on a charge of conspiring to destroy an arsenal at 8egrc, a 'mall manufacturing t»wo hi the Department of Dordogue, containing about It 000 inhabitant. At Glee Island. Sydney, on Monday, two hoys qaarellr<l, and one threw a knife, whfeh «truek the other on fee fog, dividing the artery, the boy dying soon after from loss of blood. The other hoy has been committed for maotlaaghter. On Eider Stmday, daring the savin at St. Pad' Cathedral, in London, a man from among the congregation leaped over fee chancel rail, and overthrew the cross, fee floral decorations, and fee altar candles before be could he arrested. On Easter Monday, 39,000 persons were drrptfrhHI from Flinders street station, being LjOOO in i.i inn— of the previous year. The tainrra from Spencer street Motion also show a viy large iawuaw over last jn. 