VICTORIA AS SHIS IS. The annexation craze is taking hold of us—ever anxious to get hold of something cli"ap, although it may turn out a white elephant after all. The clergy — inor«- especially those more directly interested in missionari>ing—are very strong for it, and a writer in the Herald, Mim.-wliai explaining this, on the supposition thai these and other commercial speculators have for years been holding and using lands on these islands for missionary purposes and beneficial uses, and finding the natives begin, thanks to their own teaching, to know their way about and put a value on their birthrights, and now our mis- sionary friends wish for annexation, so that they may obtain, on the plea of " vested interests," &c.;, the fee simple of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, &c.; of which they have hitherto enjoyed only' a permissive occupation at a pcppercorn rent, which—in the language of the New Hebrides—inaans a 6tring of beads, a hand looking-glass, or a few tracts, and to be protected in their rather cheap acquisition by British or colonial guns, money, and men. To all reasonably shrewd persons. not being missionaries or otherwise directly interested, the proposed annexation with all the scare about the probability of the French taking up the islands is all bunkum, and Victoria and the colonies generally will pause before they plunge into an expensive protectorate or suzerainty of islands of no particular importance, to enhance the value of property for the benefit of some score or two of people, many of them not citizens of the colonies or even of Great Britain. It is a singular thing that in almost all the recent disturbances and petty wars, somehow the missionary element crops up in connection with them. The Herald smarting, very naturally, under the very heavy mulct lately nflicted on the proprietory for an alleged contempt of court, in commenting on a case sub judice, keep the judicial atmosphere pretty sultry, and continue to cite daily opinions in reference to judicatory powers, and it seems probable they will yet convince, if not convert, our judges to their Heraldic belief, and there i3 no doubt that the thinking majority are with the paper in their views, and tho followexcerpt from the London Daily Telegraph, to my idea, gives a nutshell precis of the injustice of leaving the existing autocratic power in the hands of one man :— "Anything said which the judges may consider to be a personal attack on them, or an iusult offered to them; any statement made to prejudge a trial, even if it be made by the accused party himself; any act which has a tendency to obstruct the ordinary course of justice, exposes the offender to be tried by the injured or insulted paity themselves, —never with a jury. These are dangerous powers with daagerous latitude of definition. Certainly judges ought to be armed with the power to preserve order in their courts. It is indispensable that those who, in the precincts of the court, insult the bench, or retard legal proceedings, should be amenable to summary jurisdiction. But the extent of the power should be measured by the purpose for which it exists." I ain second to uone in my respect for those exercising the judicial or magisterial function, but it will be well tor journalists and the public generally to jealously watch that the very large powers delegated to those officers be not abused in any moment of real, imaginary, or unintentional annoyance. The squabbling between the Freemasons as to the establishment of a Victorian Grand Lodge will, lam inclined to believe, tend to the serious damage of one of the most respectable and time-honored of our social institutions. A house divided against itself won't stand, and I take it, this applies to Orders, and if they once begin to split the thing up, divide and subdivide, why if they wish to know the result there's the fabulous "bundle of sticks." That wretched thing, Burns, has been found guilty, sentenced to death, and will meet his just doom shortly. His lawyer is trying to make capital out of it by t petition for a respite, pending the presen tation of a case to the Privy Council, on some alleged " points" which every lawyer knows were utterly untenable and worth less. ^Fancy the villain let loose to murder a few more unsuspecting victims! Nearly every paper in the colony has something like an lo Pean on the conviction and swift punishment of this Wehr-wolf in man's form. The papers have been compelled at last for very decency's take to notice and comment upon the brutal tendencies of the so-called game of football (as played in Melbourne), and some hard truths have been told the lads—some of them men of 30 or 40—that they ought to be ashamed of themselves. I have been bleatin, remonstratively for some time at the gradually increasing rowdiness and the manslaugbtery character which the game assumed season by season, and this year the ferocity seems likely to develop into actual attempts at murder. I am given to understand that a team from Adelaide, "The Ports,"arrived here for a friendly trial of skill at the game, and I hope at least some of them reached home again. A dreadful accident occurred on Thurday at Lansell's No. 180 claim at Sandhurst, by an iron cage, weighted with quartz, and fitted up with all sorts of the most approved patent things to prevent accident, somehow going down the shaft, holus-bolus, to a depth of 1,760 feet, completely smashing pa6t recognition a poor fellow named Wilson, who happened at the moment be in the well. The only consolation is that the poor fellow's death must—from the injuries received—have been instantaneous. The machinery had, only a short time Bince, been inspected and pronounced perfect and effective by some Government officers and other persons of reputed experience in mechanical matters as adapted to mining. The web seems to be winding pretty surely round the man Carter, over his in solvency and bogus robbery, and there seems little doubt but he will meet with justice. J. L. Case, of Racine, has sold his trotting horse Bronze to James Lamasey, of Kansas City, for ll.OOOdol. I don't know what our strict Sabbatarian party would 6ay to this announcement from a Chicago paper :—" The Unknown Baseball Club, of the South Side, desire Our Boys to accept a challenge for a game Sunday afternoon, May 27." The ingenuity of shopkeepers in putting their wares before the public under the most favorable auspices is common enough, but apparently the competition in trade in England sb arpens the wit of advertisers, and they bring out some funny " novelties," as witness " sardines and citron," that's a droll combination. Then there's Zisnozakouska—what's that when it's boiled ? And further, " Patum Peperium," the exhibitor kindly translating it as gentleman's relish. Longevity is a feature of East Kent. A Dover paper taken np haphazard gives a list of 16 deaths, three under 20, three under 42, and 10 which average 76 years, the oldest 84 years. Church choriatry must be popular at home, as at a church choral festival held in May last at Canterbury Cathedral there were no lees than 677 surpliced, and 120 unsurpliced choristers assisting. A Brewarrina squatter says that most of the bush-fires are caused by kangaroos rub-ing bing sticks together until a flame is produced. He »ww that he has seen them at it, 