A BOTANIST'S HOLIDAY TOUR* A holiday! What a sweet enticing sound for one who has been cooped up for six months, or thereabouts, within four walls, and had to bear his cross of rigid professional and other duties, with their attendant puny worries, in all but intellectual solitude. To leave behind for a few days all cares and petty vexations,' each of which is scarcely comparable to the prick of a tiny pin, yet the incessant repetitions of which frequently render life well-nigh unbearable. To breathe the free invigorating air of forest-clad hills and grassy dells. To wander through un familiar scenes, expecting to meet novelties of one kind or another at any moment. To meet friends or colleagues, dear as the apple of one's eye, yet not seen for years perhaps, and to exchange with them face to face, eye meeting eye, ideas and confidences two intri cate for pen and ink. These are some of the luxuries conjured up by that joyful term—a holiday, but ah! so seldom realised or rea lisable. Arrangements have been made to meet a friend and "brother in arms" at Strathalbyn, the star of the south, and thence to proceed to Victor Harbor in order to study the flora of its neighborhood, the place having been but insufficiently examined in that respect. -To do this we were urged by Baron Sir Ferd. von Mueller, K.C.M.G., the eminent Aus tralian botanist, it being surmised that thereby further links might be discovered in respect of the curiously-interesting fact that the flora of county Hindmarsh presents a number of plants which for a long time were considered peculiar to that sylvan island. It is near the end of September. Nature wears her spring costume; the grass is green as grass can be ; flowers and birds greet the eye in every direction on the grassy hillside, dribbling with tiny springs, and in the sandy grassless scrub, in forest and on plain. Birds chirp, (whistle, scream, fluttering from tree to bush, from bush to tree. Overhead the sky is flecked with rapidly changing white or bluish grey cloud masses, their shadows pass ing over the sunny landscape below with rail way speed. At such a time life indoors be comes almost a torture for the lover of fvee nature. No wonder, then, that his whole soul longs to revel for once again in freedom among the denizens of dumb but free nature. On the Monday morning agreed upon for the start all arrangements for a tramp of 25 miles or so are at last completed ;* the inner man is recruited by a hearty break fast ; mallet and satchel are slung over the shoulder; pockets are once more examined as to their contents so as to assure one that everything essential is in its place (for nothing mars a tour of discovery so much as the forgetting of the pocketknife. matchbox, purse, or powder flask, &e.;); a filial farewell is taken from the dear ones at home, and grasping our trusty schzcster's ruppen (cob bler's liorse) we hurry out of the garden gate upon the road, softly whistling so as not to disgust our stricter friends, "The girls we left behind us." The sky is overcast with rain clouds. Never mind; if we do get wet we will get dry again. The sun peeps occasionally through the breaks and assures us that not over much moisture is in store. Every nerve quivers with the joyful sensation of freedom, and we begin to breathe the air of rejuvenation. But no; another inter ruption. An acquaintance meets us before we are well out of the village, and under pretence of friendly disinterestedness, talks "shop" about business of which he under stands about as much as the cow of carpen tering. We shake him off indignantly and make a new start. Our humor is spoilt somewhat far an hour or two, especially as a smart shower or two render short detours among the shrubs anything but pleasant, but we get over it at last. For the first five or six miles we beep to the main road; every plant almost being as well known as our next door neighbour's'; yet our eyes, wandering right and left, drink in the charms of the varying scenes. The golden wattle and other acacias have just begun to open their buds. Dillwynias with yellow, pimelias and cryptandra shrubs with white fiowers, dot the scrub with some other well-known relations. Following an old track we came across a small patch, strangely localised, where zieria veronica exhibits the last of her pink flowers on the tip of the slender upright branches, while lower down the four-celled fruits are nearly ripe. By the roadside, insoilhard-beatcnandalmost as solid as brick, we notice a large mushroom that has forced its way up by breaking forcibly like a minature volcano through two or three inches of the crust. It resembles the common cliampignan in size and form of cap, but its stem is much thicker, and its gills are white instead of pink. Most likely it is edible, but its scarcity renders it useless for practical purposes. After passing K , a pretty hamlet in a rather wide alluvial flat, through which a small_brook winds its serpentine course, and plentifully shaded by numerous old and tall euealypts with their youthful progeny, we fol low up the main road through a rather narrow but deep transverse gully, at whose bottom, dribbling and gurgling, a brooklet finds its way to the larger river, which we in our ascent cross and recross as the exigencies of easy traffic demand. Its banks are fre quently quite hidden by large white-flowered shrubs of Leptospcrmum lacvegatum, Bur 3 saria, and Veronica Herwentii, saggestiu" the existence of humbler though rarer plants; but we cannot stop yet by the way. Where the steep and high hillsides covered with trees or stumps retreat a little pretty cottages, or even hand some villas, nestle among flowers, or under tall poplars, firs, or willows, suggesting happiness and peace; alas, not always pre sent where expected. At last we are in sight of the ridge that forms the watershed. We leave the devious road and make a straight cut up a shallow swampy dale. Here we find the first novelties for us, mind! Two or three lowly plants closely pi-essed to the ground; the one with rooting stems and branches, and partly submerged in water, turns out to be Tillaea intricata. Two others with similar habits, but under trees— where during the previous summer an in tense bushfire had raged so fiercely as to destroy almost all other germs of plants—are found to be Claytonia brevipedata (F. v. M.), with fleshy leaves, and Galium aperine, L. (?), the leaves of which are small and arranged in whorls of five or six, and in the axils of which the minute bluish white flowers peep forth, the plant forming dense cir cular pads several inches in diameter. At the ridge suddenly dense clamps of Banksia marginata appear among the taller cucalypts. On its stems the orange-colored Tremella mesenteria (a jelly like fungus forming intricate convolutions) is found, above an inch wide sometimes, but mostly much smaller, with a large woody* polyparus. In the shade of the "native honeysuckle" we find an almost snowy white spider orchid— Caladenia diallata (?) not seen further west, and also the first flowering Diuris longifolia and Caladenia carnca, both lowly orchids. By this time we begin to feel a little wearied, and the stomach reminding us also of its claims to consideration we settle under a majestic gumtree, and discuss with unusual appetite our luncheon. This finished, as well as a comfortable smoke, we start anew. After a mile or so a somewhat pretentious village lies in our road, and passing its solitary " pub" we enter to refresh ourselves with a glass of sparkling ale and a chat with the buxum landlady about the weather, the road to the next township, and similar highly in teresting subjects, then departing in search of further adventures. The village is passed, and so are soon the wide clearings, with gardens and fields and cottages around it. Again we are among the hifis, appearing thickly clad by forest when seen from a dis tance, but which on closer acquaintance is found to be more or less a delusion—dead stumps far out-numbering the trees. Here and there, however, little dells remain almost untouched to give one an idea what the country was, and might be made again. Looking upon the broad roads, with the narrow tracks in the middle and the broad unused strips on each side that nevertheless have been carefully de nuded of trees, we wonder helplessly what it is that imbues many an honest English man with .such a deadly hatred of trees that he cannot rest till the last one is cut down and the whole country looks as bare as a cricket oval. Giving up the riddle and crossing awkward bends in the road we sud denly light upon some beds of Ptera3tylis pedunculata, an orchid with a rosette of stalked ground leaves, a flower-stalk of 6-10 inches high bearing a single whity green flower of peculiar shape, which, till lately, had not been recorded for South Australia. We are on the road toward Macclesfield. While crossing a culvert over a narrow rocky gully we notice among the rocks some splendid specimens of indigafera Australi3; the shrubs, 3 to 5 feet high and in full bloom, presenting a lovely sight. This plant has from five to eight pairs of leaflets to the main leaf- stalk, and bears numerous pink pea flowers in a loose rhaceme in the axils of the branchlets. On one of the rocky ridges we discover Cladium schcenoides, a Tasmanian fern; Cladium tetraquetrum, and a large species of Schomus in flower, with some un usual forms of various shvub3. Some fine forest lands are here passed through before entering the cheery-looking little place, nestling with its quaint old cabins and modern ised cottages between gentle hills. It is 4 p.m. now, and we feel quite ready for refreshment and rest. Accordingly, we enter the cleanly hotel parlor, and are soon enjoying both to our hearts content, mere is no tiling wmcn win revive our flagging spirits, renew our appetite, and obliterate past morbidity of sentiment so mucb as an exhilarating tramp through forest and hill scenes such as those we passed, esoeci ally when the mind is occupied continually by observing everything around with the object of discovering something new. Our sensation of weariness soon passes off with something better than water before us, and finding that the coach is not due for hours, we once more shoulder our wallet and make another start. Following the road we gaze upon the lovely scenery of hills and valleys, forest and fields, ever changing, yet ever resembling each other, but in one thing we find ourselves disappointed ; the plant world . is little varied, and nothing new greets our searching eyes. The sun sinks : steeping all into a wonderful interchange of lights and shadows, the latter ever-deepening and finally obliterating the former altogether. But the moon rises, nearly full, overflooding the easterly hillsides with a soft, deceptive light, while deepening the shadows on the westerly ones. All chance of picking up novelties in plants, insects, minerals, &c.;, having goue, we instead begin to pick up our walkingpins a little faster. They seem to to have grown heavier; the roadway seems strangely strewn with nasty pebbles where ever -we tread, against which our feet push at every step; our boots appear to be a size too small, or feet as much too big; there is not a vehicle pass ing our way, which we could press into giving us a " lift," nor is the coach willing to over take us, though we fancy it ought to have done so long ago. At last ou rounding a hill we see lights at a distance, and meeting a solitary vehicle, we arc told on enquiry that Strathalbyn, our goal, is about two miles ahead. Off we start afresh, arriving at the Terminus Hotel just in time to regale ourselves hastily with some refreshments, iu company of our mutual friend, whom we find true to his word; then to take our seats on the tramcar (not over full), and with it f start for "Victor Harbor, glad to exchange t our natural means of locomotion for artificial { ones. In passing through the moonlit, almost level region between Strathalbyn and Currency Creek, we notice that a con- I siderablc portion is covered with the dense, \ hut rather distantly placed clumps of the whipstickmallee (Eucalyptus uncinata), Mela leuca acuninata, Melaleuca uncinata (teatree), s and various other desert shrubs, from which > fact previous experience allows us to surmise ! that the soil on which they grow is composed of past-tertiary deposits, mo3t likely resting on granitic rocks, or such formed of the debris of granite. In conversation with persons acquanted with the localities we learn that the land on both sides of the whole tramline is the property of only two or three capitalists, who have gradually bought it up from the original holders, and the question arises in our mind why our Government should expend a large amount of money in build ing expensive railways through such regions, thereby increasing the value of the adjoining lands manifold without the least exertion on the part of the owners, who do not contribute any more toward the cost than people who live a hundred miles away and have no bene fit therefrom. Surely there is something like injustice in our present modes of taxa tion and expenditure that needs remedying. We arrive at Queen's Own Town and wonder what could have been the motive in applying such a pretentious name to an insig nilicant hamlet. The place consists simply of the station and two or three small cottages, closely surrounded by low ouealyptusand dense shrubs of Acacia (calamifolia. The breakers at Port Elliot, rushing in an array of long white lines and sending up clouds of spray, afford a fine and picturesque sight by moon light against the' otherwise black expanse of the waters of the bay. At five minutes to 11 we arrived at our destination. Half an hour later we are glad to sink into sweet repose in our lodgings at the Crown Hotel, and are happy to assure our readers that we needed no rocking that night, nor did we wake till the bright sunshine flooded the room. Quickly making our toilet, we sally forth towards the Jetty bridge and Granite Island. What a lovely sight that would be if only a few trees and shrubs had been allowed to dot the island and the bluff. But sbcep and goats are necessarily of greater importance than a fine landscape, though that in time may prove to pay better by in ducing more visitors to leave their spare cash in return for the gladdening of their senses. We admire, as in duty hound, the grand breakwater and the works connected there with, shrinking though they do into in significance as compared with the granite dome of the island itself. But our object is to;seai-ch for plants. Under shelter of thelarge boulders we met with Parietaria deliilis (the native representative of the nettles without stings) and Ilhagadia nutans, but besides that only some of the commonest grasses, as Dan thonia pencillaris and Stipa (spear-grass) species, with the usual introduced weeds, are noticed. Descending to the margin of the sea at the eastern end we came across the first novelty in the shape of a semi-creeping plant with bright green, flesliy, broadly-lanceolate leaves, and white or very pale yellow composite flowers, form ing a dense covering for large patches in hollows among the rocks. This turns out to be Ixiolaena supina (F. v. M.). According to Baron Sir F. v. Mullcr, who kindly identified it for us, this is a new locality for the plant, wluch previously- in our province was only recorded from Eyria Peninsula and Kangaroo Island. It also occurs in Tasmania.^ Not finding anything else worth our while we return to our hotel, our appetites reminding us irresistibly of the waiting breakfast table. After doing justice to the ample and tasty fare we walk out to the hush west of the township, covering a small part still of _ the plain upon which the township is built, and the sandy hills beyond. The hush is formed principally of peppermint, whitegrass, &e.;, with Bussaria bushes below. In the shade of the latter we fiud trailing close to the ground the humble Veronica distans (R. Br.), in fruit chiefly, with only a fewflowei'3 still extant. Some of the Bussaria spinosa bushes (and these almost exclusively) are covered thickly with a peculiar variety of Cassytha glabella (native lianes) with very thin, threadlike, trailers and reddish berries. Entering the hill scrub we find it not so rich in species as we expected, hut pertaining of a remarkable mixture of plants peculiar to the mallee scrubs and the hill country about Ade laide. The most interesting plant found was one first discovered by Professor Tate in the Bundaleer ranges and named Phyllanthus Tatei (F. v. M.) It is a very low densely branched shrub, thickly beset with shining dark green leaves and numerous minute flowers, most of which are staminate (male). Fortunately a few specimens were found with nearly ripe fruit which had not been ob tained before. It is of a rounded triangular form and of a reddish color. Another rare plant belonging to theEuphorbiaceic,.Psen danthus micranthus, likewise occurs there, resembling the former hut smaller still in stature. Besides the above the most remarkable plants collected were the Spyridium coactilifolium, Hibbertia densi ilora, with broad, hairy leaves; a form of Hibbertia stricta (?), with long, narrow, very shining dark green leaves, and small yellow flowers; Pultenaca canaliculata and P. aeerosa; Kuuzea pomifera, a creeping, myrtaceous plant; Brachylama ericoides, a low elegant little shrub with pink flowers; an unusual form of ■ Grevillea lanandulaeea, with narrow, rigid, greyish leaves and white flowers; Didymotheea pleiococca, a semi herbaceous plant of a reddish tint, and of which the individuals of different sex differ not only in the flowers but also in the-leaves rather promiscuously; and an upright rigid variety" of Adcnanthas terminalis, which usually assumes a procumbent habit. On our return to Strathalbyn in the after noon we notice by the side of the road many plants peculiar to scrub lands, such as are seen on Yorke's Peninsula; for example, Eucalyptus gracilis, Boronia clavcllifolia (?), Dampiera rosmarinifolia, Aster pannosa, Cassinia sp., Styphelia patula, &c.; The occurrence of these here allows us to draw the inference that the soil, &c.;, must greatly resemble that of the former locality. In due time wc arrive at the termination of the tramline, and after tea drive off in a spring cart to the residence of our friend on the Bremer River, where we arrive at a pretty late hour on account of the eccentricities of our driver. We long for refreshments and rest, and both we find to our hearts' content. 