SLOVENLY F-AE.MING AND SOIL ROBBERY. TO THE EDITOK. Sir— pome twenty-nve years ago I was travelling of necessity on a Sunday in what Hra8 then considered ' the North.' The way was Ion?, the sun was hot, my swa? was nesyyyanai was very glad indeed when l arrived at a wayside inn. I knocked at the closed door, for I was very hungry. No answer. I knocked again somewhat louder than before, when round the end of the house appeared a vision of three fair girls. ' I say joung man,' said one. 'you needn't make such a row ; that door's locked. The master and misses are gone to R ? to Church, and they've locked the bar up.' I faltericgly tried to explain that the cupboard and non the bar contained the objects of my desire, but it would not do. The fair trio resolved themselves into a chorus to condole wlili me in my unfortunate position. ' What a shame,' said one, 'to lock the bar up: they could surely go to Church without that.' ' A shame !!I quoth tLp second, 'it's a disgrace. How disappointed this poor boy must be after b''s ljnp; walk.' 'Yes,' chimed in the third, 'and if it had been a gentleman it would have been a1! the s^me.' Now these young ladieT had no intention of insulting me ; they were trying to be civil to me, yet one called me a poor ' boy ;' while another coolly intircr ied that I was no gentleman. Now it certainly is the duty of an a£,ncultural reporter to report the success of any experiment in agriculture, but if it be done in the style of the above third young lady's condolence — if in praising the management of any particular person language be used, perhaps unwittingly, to the effect that the bulk of the farmers of the colony do not know how to plough, and harrow, and cross-harrow as it ou»ht to be done, you will certainly find that offence will be taken. Still I should be sorry to think that any ot us were over thin-skinned, and it might pass and the matter drop; but there is not the slightest doubt that political if not financial damage has been done to us by so much talk about slovenly farming and soil - robbing. There is very little slovenly farming done in the colony. Harrowing stubble in is not necessarily slovenly fanning. In your advo cacy of deep cultivation you do not demand that the whole depth should be turned up, only the upper portion. That only differs from harrowing in degree, nothing else. Land ploughed four or five inches deep last year, u still loose, will do very well this year if harrowed. I have had good crop3* off harrowed land. In dry years it will beat ploughed land, and the deeper the ploughing the greater the victory. This, of course, is opposed to the teachings of scientific agri culture. My way of accounting for it is this —In dry years we have say ten inches of rainfall. A great deal of this falls in light sprinkles. If these fall on a finely broken surface, the upper inch is damped and the wheat plant gets a drink. The soil under this, though loose enorgh for the plants' roots to penetrate, is firm enough to prevent the too rapid descent of the not too abundant moisture. Lot these sprinkles fall on six or seven inches of dry dusty clods, and it is wasted, ftlowif the ten inches fell in sudden plumps— an inch or an inch and a half at a time, then the deep ploughing would distance the harrowing easily ; but it never falls so in dry years, and therefore we do the best our experience teaches. It is a common mistake for non-farmers if they see a field weedy to put it down to slovenly farming. That ?s not always a fair conclusion to jnmp to either. I have known land to be ploughed twice, scarified and drag- harrowed and then not give a clean crop. It suits some people's books exactly to create an impression that we farm in a Blovenly manner from choice — because it is our low, dirty nature to do so. We do the best we can, and the man wbo doss not do to, will soon find himself out at elbows. To show how unscrupulous our enemies ave I will just point out a fact or two in the matter of ' soil-robbery.' This is aa old cry under a new name. You, Sir, arc responsible for the name, but the cry is a very old one. This is the burden :— The farmer takes everything from the soil, but returns nothing. The squatter takes nothing off the soil, and the land is enriched hy the droppings of the sheep, ' thereby enriching the State.' I am sure you will admit this is a very general cry — I nave known a, Judge to cry it on the Bench. Now, sheep possess no creative power— whatever they drop they have taken off the land. Sometimes when well starved they will eat very coarse tussocks, porcupine, black grass, &c;, and in mastication and digestion liberate small — very small — quanti- ties of mineral plant-food for the benefit of the nutritious grasses; but a bush-fire will do this much more effectually. I defy any chemist to deny this. And thi3 is the im provement the squatters blow about. It certainly is enough to burst them. Then, as for taking nothing off the soil — that is what the Minister of Educatiou would call a 'mistake five times deep.' Those runs, now called the 'Areao,' formerly sent off from twenty to thirty pounds of wool and a sheep's body every foiu- years. This is not soil robbery— oh, dear, no ! What in the cocky is flat soil-robbery in the squatter is 'im- provement.'' I Bhould be sorry for you to think that we set our backs up against any teaching or any improvement in agriculture. I have spoken to dozens of farmers, and they are all willing to try concentrated manures if obtainable at reasonable prices. It is no use discussing scientific agriculture until superphosphate and nitrogenous compounds are more easily obtainable than at present;. Victoria is much ahead of this colony in this. Let those who wish to go into wattles and other promising plants or into deep cultivation ; we prefer to depend on wheat, it being such a hardy plant, and to cultivate as experience teaches. Our friends czy out for an Agricul tural College. We want a Government Manure Factory and Depot where unadul terated manures might be procured. To establish the former before the latter is like a man bringing stock and implements before he has a selection. Professor Custance says that wheat can be f^own continuously with the aid of superphosphate and nitrate of soda. ' Thereneeds no ghost, rpy lord, come from the grave to tell us this.' The Pro fessor might just as well tell us that the way to get rich is to dig up a lot of big nuggets. Unless he could show us where to find the nuggeta his words would be idle, and until such times as concentrated manures are procurable the talk about slovenly /arming and soil-robbery partakes of the pature of railing, and the greater part of it quite uncalled for. I am, Sir, &c;, J. A. F. 