G- ALLMMA , -R . , I have often thought that the local, fire-.brigade, in;tlthe event of a fire breakiog.out-(sayin"telo middle of the night would 'Io. seriously handi. capped in their usefulne'ss-by the fact that the alarm.bell at the fire.brigade station, by reason of its croeked state, is unable to make itself' heard with sufficient distinctness!oor . the town proper, no matter .how. enoergetic the bell-ringer nmay bet. Far be it' from .oe to: mnake litill' of'tho :brigade's Attompts'to do good. .Bachelor-like, it would not take me long to " pack; my duds" in the event ofa fire, but all the same .I -an and do apprecialo the worth "of such a body of. life and property. saving men as is' the :isnalla Fire B1rigado, and I voenture to hope the same feeling.of appreciation is inculcated into the minds of all our townsmen. What I have said and mean to say again is that a. new. fire ,bll is wanted at the engine.house. It is not doing the firemen justice to allow the old.piece of boll-metal to remain erected at'thoe statiolonger than can be helped. Most of the memboers live at a distance from the engino-house, and, be they over so. alert, itcannot be expectodof them to. know of a fire when' they are not within- earshot of the alarmi. A good alarm.is hs, much a niecessity ios almost the, fire-engine itself. I feel assured the good people of Benalla would be only too glad to opon their purse-strings for such an object. A good sonorous boll could be purchased for £30 or £40, and surely this comparatively small sum. could be raised without any great difficulty-if not by public 'suibsription, by an entertainment of some sort.. If funds may be raised by this means for; a cricket club,suiroly a public institution, such as a" fire.brigade. need not go a.begging for the wherewithal to make it more ellicient. Methihks the next thing the brigadiers will want is a proper reel, in place of the homely truck-like apparatus at present in use.. 'Tie true, this article, likho the bell, has done good service, and should not be despised. But still, this is no reason .why the brigade should not try and get better. The matter of equipping our local lire fighters with proper appliances rests with the public, and I repent that when a call in one shape or other is made the same public will be found to respond in a liberal manner, as they did on a previous occasion. As a guarantee of my good faith in ,connection with these matters, Mr Editor, I enclose herewith 5s worth of postage stamps as my mite towards the purchase ofa now tire-bell, hoping that others may be found to follow my ex ample. [We acknowledgo recoipt of stamps to the value of 5s.-Br.] Speaking of fires 'reminds one of the fact that the present promises to be' a very fiery season. Tihe great bush fires which were very general in 1881 consumed nearly every blade of grass in these parts,, and the consequence was there was a perftet immunity from fires in 1882, in which year and the following, 1883, the grass grow more luxuriantly by reason of the rubbish hasing been consumed when the devastating element swept over the country. As a consequence this season's grass, which is now in the "sore and yellow" phase,isdangerously abundant, and persons travelling on the roads cannothbe too. careful with their "domestic" fires. A lucifer thrown carelessly and- thoughtlessly sway after having performed the pipe lighting service would, at the present time without doubt (to use a hack. neyed expression) sot fire to the whole c)untry side. , The close ,eseaon, too, for various wild-fowl terminates on the 20th December next, and tlhere is a probabllity that fires will be started accid htally 'tlhrough the agency of sporti on who when engaged, in the excitement of the chase give no thought to the smouldering particles of wads they leave in tlilr tracks. (Of course, these remarhs don't apply to the pos. sessors of improved guns, the ramming in which is' not of a combustible' nature.) In view of the terrible nature of bush-fires and the more terrible con sequences thereof,' it bdhoves 'overy person to be extromely vigilant in the use of fire-lthat "' good' servant but bad master." The police autlhorities 'would appear to be alive to the import ance of the matter, seeing that already they have secured a conviction, which it is to be hoped will act as a deterrent toother persons careless inlthbouso offire. That the residents of Benalla are a long-euffering people must be apparent from the manner in which they endure a most obnoxious nuisance, viz, the dust. One would imagine this partic ular town to be the Itead.quartors of the dust- fiend, the centre from whichr he (I'll porsonify the demon as a " he " in his ubi;uity radiates towarids all points of tho compases ''ho' losses of shoplceepers in one season from'this cause must form a npetty 'itiff' set-off against their profits. Itis a wonder that the buisihness moi Would not. try and got a watercart upon the co operative or soein such .mutual prin ciple, instead' of p:assivoely' pulting up with such a destructive nmisance. I gm the least bit afraid, hoiovrer,'that to do the thing properly, oime.half dozen carts would bhe reqitirid, and then do something more tlan.the Go. vernment strolo. Thh ca~useo of ?all the trouble, iii' sy opinion, is the want of' metal; and until we obltain a suficiency df that midtorial, our roads' -no matter who the engineer may.be -will noever be as thly: 'should. ~When we have the line to M"oylhu branching at Winton, however, we shall be able to got any quantity of heavy ballast from the ranges in that oneigihborhood, and tlhon the dust nui sanco will be reduced to a minimum. But hIold-enough! Perhaps I have alreadtly gone too far with 'ny remarks, and run the risk of:being dubbed "uanother engineer" liy the worthy ruler of the Council 'roost. I hopeo sinceroly that I'have not invoked theI w rthy Macik's wrath upon my devoted hletd-.for I feeool I could not survive td.t uinhappy ciroumstanbe ' ... I am giveon to understand that the local pohelice are becoming extraordin. arily, alert of late. This is indeed something to be thankful for, as the same eflieioney must conduce to the well-boifig of the town and inhabitants thereof. The latest" clever capture" recorded is that of sone'o three or four infants, who, it is alleged, after indulg ing inn dip at the public-baths; were guilty of standing on the bank, in full view of a shamefaced constable on the bridge, ;soae 200 yards off. I learn that a summons has. beaen served on each culprit, the specific charge being seot out in some fifty. words-the gravameon being that they on a certain day ivere rogues and vdagaonds. It is to be hoped the vigilance of tho police will be rewarded by the hanging of the babes in quoestion-for if they are so wickotd as babes, what may they not do when they come to years of discretion ?-and that the execution will be followed by the prompt pro motion of the officer who was instru. mental in bringing such hardened young criminals to justicel I l! I [We cah't '"follow 'copy". in the' matter of "admirations," as we are short of these " sorts;" in fact' we ire under a compliment to our contom po'rary'for 'the loin of "some of theose appearing.' :So our eh ntrib'ator must be satisfied; as we are sure a liberal' public will.-En.] PEI rNIX. 