BALAKLA.VA. [From our own Correspondent.! January 31.1882. We have been experiencing rather mild weather for the time of the year, but on Saturday it began to grow warm again, and Monday was a regular brickfielder. About four o'clock in the afternoon the wind sud denly changed from the north to the vest, and we had such a dust storm as is very seldom seen except in the north. This brought on a change, and since then it has been cooler, but unfortunately no rain has fallen. On Thursday evening a social tea was held in the Bible Christian Curch to say good-bye to Mr. KnowleB, who is leaving here for Park Bide. This was followed by a public meeting, of which Mr. D. Virgo acted as chairman. Most of the leading members of the ohurch spoke of the excellent wjy in which Mr. Knowlea had discharged his duties as a local preacher and member of the churchj and he replied in a suitable manner. On Saturday the Balaklavs cricketers played a team from Diamond Lake at Whitw&rta.; The Bal&klavaa; were obliged to play with only nine men, as the others did not turn up, and winning the toss they went In. In their first innings they only realised 40 runs, the Dia mood Lakes replying with 57. In the second innings the Balaklavas made 83, Hutton 37 (not out), and Park 19, being the principal scorers. Ihe Diamond Lakes -were then sent to the right about for 23, Balchin taking nine wickets for twelve rune, and leaving the Balak lava victors by 43 runs. Quite a chapter of accidents took place among the BaLaklava team. Before the game commenced one of them named Bowden -while stooping to field a ball fell over and broke his collar bone, and had to be sent back to Baloklava at once; and Mr. Hutton while riding home had to poll his horse round sharply, in order to avoid a collision with the train at the crossing, and tbe consequence was that both he and the horse oame to grief over the wire fence. For tunately the only hurt Mr. Hutton sustained was a slight scratch on the knee ; the horse was not hurt at 811. A bush-fire haB been raging on Mr. Bow man's property, a few miles north of Bala klava ; and ihe glare could easily be seen from here at night. On Tuesday afternoon it seemed to break out afresh, and dense volumes of smoke rose from the place all the afternoon, but it Beems to hare been got under again now. 