A NIGHT-RIDE IN THE AIR. [BY ITHUBIEL.] Ia the autumu of 1874 £ was seat trom New York by the Herald to Cleveland, Ohio, a beautiful city oa the banks of lake Erie, some six hundred miles distant, for the purpose of making a balloon ascension with Professor King, a celebrated American aeronaut. Arriving in the morning, I devoted the early jiortion of the day to testing the instruments vith which I hail promised to take an observation every five minutes for the War Departm°Jit. Then I hunted up the Professor, and found that he proposed making an early start the next day, as it was his intention to iiiolong our ascent to the last possible moment. He therefore began the work of inflating tlie mammoth balloon that afternoon. During the night the inflation went on steadily, and by morning the top of the "Bufialo" was towering some 95 feet above the ground, and was rocking and swaying as if anxious to bound into the ether vaults above. The coarse taken by a small paper balloon showed us that for a considerable height the currents of air were blowing steadily towards the lake ; and although this was far from being a pleasant discovery, there was no help for it, and we resolved to start, trusting to a different current at a higher altitude than that attained by our "tell-tale." Thoughtful friends had provided us. with ample means of refreshment, and with instruments and ballast aboard at 11 o'clock we cast off the last rope that held us to the earth, and the monster air-ship rose into the air amid \- the chfeers and hurrahs of 150,000 people who had gathered to see ua of£ Bands played " Up in a Balloon, Boys," the crowd screamed out good wishes, handkerchiefs were waved, till the strains of the music became fainter and the thousands beneath seemed like ants, as we threw out ballast and rose rapidly frgjfri the receding earth. Here We met the ci#rent, -which soon brought us over the djpp waters of Lake Erie. The current in t&ich; we now found ourselves bore us steadily towards the east, and about the centre of the lake. The sun was shining from a cloudless sky, and at an altitude of two miles we sped on past town after town with almost panoramic swiftness. After travelling about 150 miles in an easterly direction, and while intently watching a vessel that lay like a tiny speck on the water below, we suddenly encountered a different current, which was travelling in an entirely opposite direction, and we commenced to retrace our aerial way. Large masses of clouds were now flecking the sky, which by 3 o'clock had increased to such an extent as to obscure the sun and deprive our gas of its warmth, ana although we expended a great quantity of ballast we continued steadily to descend. Down, down, down we settled gradually but surely towards the surface of that inland sea, whose waves seemed to snap and snatch at their prey as we approached them. Our only resource seemed to be to husband every pound of ballast until the last moment, and the sequel proved t. e wisdom of this resolution. Determined to make every effort to leave a record of our fate, 1 prepared a paper giving a statement of the incidents of our trip, concluding with the time at which we entered the water. This time I left blank, to be filled in at the fatal moment. Inch by inch we lowered, and there was a fascination in watching the basket drop closer and closer to the water that disarmed fear, and I affirm that it was without a shadow of dread or any alarm at the death I believed inevitable that I waited for the time when the blue waters of the lake would receive us. And now we are within a foot of the liquid depths, and, filling in the time in the death-message I had written, I carefully sealed the bottle, and waited breathlessly for our immersion. As the balloon struck the water I hurled the bottle from me with all my strength. But the basket, resting on the water, relieved in an instant its weight upon the gas, aud we made a coa- AuUive bound into the air. That bound saved us, for before we asain reached the water the clouds passed away from before the sun, and the gas rapidly warming we rose majestically in the air and soared upwards, safe for a time at least. For three hours longer baffling currents kept us chained as it were to the wild waste of waters which roared beneath us, and darkness had set in before we crossed the lake aud reached the Canadian shore some sixty miles west of our starting-place. We were now in a wilderness of pine-trees, but were wafted along in a current which we believed would soon take us in close proximity to the City of Detroit. Having determined to seize the first opportunity of landing, especially as the night was black and threatening, we incautiously kept too near the earth, and our drag-rope caught on the branch of a towering pine-tree. Fearing to cut it, we threw out everything in the shape of ballast, and succeeded finally in breaking off the limb. We had lightened the ballon so much that we shot rapidly up when the limb gave away. It was now raining, but in an instant we were in the dark, dense, dripping clouds, tben through them into the silvery brightness of a blazing moon, and the ineffable light of myriad stars; while beneath us, piled in fantastic shapes, lav the massive storm-clouds. Oh the bright vision of that fairv night! Then being relieved of the denser portion of the earth's atmosphere, those glories were declared ten thousand times more graudly in the glittering heavens above us; and His handiwork, unrolled in the scroll of the fir lament, dazzled and gleamed upon us in the solemn stillness of that memorable night as we had never beheld them. Upwards we sped between the dripping clouds and the glorious sky which beamed upon us with its thousand eyes and filled our souls with awe and wonder unspeakable until our barometer showed that we were six miles above the earth. We were in the region of eternal silence—a si'ence as unbroken as that amid which the circling orbs above us had moved since the creation. On and on we floated, not knowing and little caring whither. We were earth-free, and bewitched with the weird grandeur of the scene around UB. At midnight, however, we broke the spell, and opening the valve for the first time on the voyage, unwillingly we came back to the wet earth, upon which torrents of water were pouring from the masses of cloud through which we droDped, to discover that beneath us lay a dense pice forest, which as far as we could see stretched out on three sides, while before us, at no great distance, lay the waters of Lake Huron. We had crossed an intermediate lake (St. Clair) while above the clouds. Having already had ail the water experiences that day which we cared to indulge in, we decided to descend, and shortly after, espying an ojgening which some bush-fire had made, we dropned on the bosom of mother earth once more, having been over thirteen hours in the air. Since then 1 have had many adventures and seen many strange sights, but none to compare in beauty and grandeur with that glimpse above the clouds which I had in that " Mght-ride in the Air." COMPETITION AMONGST YOUNG MEN'S LITERARY SOCIETIES.—A novel and interesting project has been set on foot by a number of the prominent members of several of the City Young Men's Literary Societies. It is to have a competition in which the members of all the literary Societies in and around Adelaide shall take part. Already nine of these Associations have given in their adherence, and viceregal patronage has been secured for the competition, which is to take place publicly on an evening, the date of which is hereafter to be fixed. Prizes are offered for the two best assays on " The Federation of th« Australian Colonies," for the best exhibition of elocution, impromptu speeches, and poems. In the case of each of these subjects, provision is made for limiting the time which the literary exercise shall occupy, so that the audience need be under no apprehension of being bored with too great a dose of any one of them. Then is no doubt that the competition will attract a large amount of attention from the members of the Societies and their friends. THE MINISTER OF EDUCATION.—The Minister of Education {Hon. J. L. Parsons), who, with Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., Postmaster- General, represented the colony at the Postal Conference recently held in Sydney, left Melbourne for Adelaide yesterday. ANSWER TO MANY .ORRESPONDENTS.—In replv to numerous enquiries from our readers concerning the wonderful qualities of the Great German Remedy, St. Jacob's Oil—mentioned in our last issue—we would inform them that the article may be obtained from our retail druggists, or by their aid. Ask for St. Jacob's Oil. «nd U the dealer does not keep it in stock, he will be able to procure it in a few days from the wholesale houses. We understand there is existing an immense demand for the remedy,which is not so very surprisin- whou it is considered what it is daily accomplishing in the way of relief and cures, bordering, in some instances. on the miraculous - q old by all Chemists. zUl-9k WORTH KNOWING.—That the Largest Clothing laboring Premises in Adelaide, aud the Best, nine*. stvUsli and Cheanest Selection of Mens, fiassfi's Watches keep good t'me. J-asae's Watches are guaranteed. Bale's Jewellery is of standard quaaty. Basse's Designs are original. Paste's is the Cheapest House in the Ci )i shea, 86, Eundle-strcet, Adelaide. 73inwfc KHf We confidently state that RAVEN TOBACCO manufactured by WM. CAMERON & Co., LIMITED. iseaual in quality to any Imported Tobacco. 17mwfc 13T The reason that EUREKA TOBACCO is sold in such larce quantities is because it is the be^wfc 