GENERAL NEWS. The Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray) will leave Adelaide for Melbourne to- morrow. During his visit to Victoria and 2Sew South Wales he will discuss questions of great importance with the Governments of these colonies. Another attempt will be made to settle the disputed boundary question, and the Chief Secretary hopes that as the result of his conference with the Vic torian Government an understanding will be arrived at as to what is to constitute the division between this colony and Victoria. It was announced some time ago that action would be taken to induce the other colonies to act with South Australia in one general scheme for the introduction of immigrants to these colonies. Mr. Bray will urge upon the Governments of the sister colonies the advantages which would arise by the adoption of such a scheme. Other points of considerable interest and importance are included in Mi-. Bray's programme, so that during the three or four weeks he is absent from his official duties in Adelaide his time will he pretty busily employed. It is probable that the Minister of Education win accom pany the Premier to Melbourne. A meeting of the South Australian Adver tising Company was held at the office of the company, Victoria-square, on Friday morn ing, but owiDg to no balance- sheet having been sent to the Registrar of Companies no business was transacted, and the meeting adjourned. It is probable that in a very short time the intimation that Her Majesty's assent has been accorded to the Indian Immigration Act passed last session will be received, and in view of this it is the intention of the Minister of Education to enquire in a prac tical way into the Coolie labor question. He will leave Adelaide shortly on a visit to Queensland, where he expects to gather some very valuable information. The telegraph stationmaster at Charlotte Waters, under date January 11, telegraphs to the Superintendent of Telegraphs as follows " Teamster Joseph McPharoin accidently shot himself dead at Boggy Flat on Wednesday morning while shifting some articles in his waggon when the team was in motion. The gun was loaded with shot, and the charge entered the body at the left breast, causing instantaneous death. The body was buried this morning." The Commissioner of Crown Lands received a telegram this morning from the Emigration Agent in Engiand, of which the following is a copy:—"The emigrant ship Cicero left Plymouth for Port Adelaide on the 11th January, 1SS3, with ?,GS emigrants on board, including ICO female domestic servants. 1 have chartered the Dundee, a new ship of 2,050 tons, to leave Plymouth with a full complement of emigrants on the 2lst February, 1883." A correspondent writes:—"Amongst the various methods of catchimg the sparrows that infest our gardens nothing appears to have surpassed the wire cage trap which has been exhibited at the Cnamber of Manu factures. Mr. B. Morphett, Dr. Mayo's fardener has one of these in use, with which ie has caught 1,300 sparrows since last Sep tember in the doctor's garden at Morphett street. He has made several of them for gentlemen who have seen the one in use. Ninety-four ostriches arrived at Port Ade laide this morning in the ship Lorenz Hansen, from Cape Town. They are consigned to Mr. Malcolm, to whose ostrich farm they will be at once forwarded. The birds all ap pear to be thoroughly strong and healthy, but the voyage has had the effect of denuding them of a considerable portion of their feathery clothing. Strange to say not a single bird suffered from malde mei°, and if it had not not been for the bumping about the whole shipment of a hundred would have got here quite safely, as the six which died succumbed to accidental injuries. The ostriches were stowed loosely in pens in the upper hold of the vessel. They had plenty of room, and do not seem to have been inconvenienced for want of exercise. Their food consisted of maize and cabbages, with a little barley now and then, and from the way in which they exercised their voracious appetites at Port Adelaide, it may be conjec tured that an enormous quantity of stores had to be stowed in the ship for them. The sexes are about in the proportion of two hens to one cock. Mr. Harris, who came in charge of them, states that ostriches are compara tively plentiful just now at the Cape, their price averaging about £25 each. The following is the rainfall for the twenty four hours ending on Friday, January 12, at 9 a.m., at the undermentioned stations :— Eucla .. .. 0 060 | Port Lincoln „ 0 010 The Marine Board have decided to hold an enquiry into the recent grounding of the steamer Dolphin at Kangaroo Island. Several early risers at Port Adelaide were astonished on the morning of January 10 .to see a small snake wending its way from McLaren wharf towards the offices in McLaren-road. The reptile was despatched before it could get under cover, and was found to measure 3 feet S inches in length. It is supposed to have come to the port in the firewood which is discharged at this wharf. Our shipping reporter writes that a beau tiful mirage was visible in the Gulf on Thurs day afternoon. The vessels in the offing and outer harbor assumed the most fantastic shapes, and the kaleidoscopictransformations were curious and attractive. Occasionally a vessel appeared to be doubled, then most un naturally elongated, sometimes it appeared like a huge floating fortress, and at others the shadow and substance were entirely separated. Sir William Jervois, the late Governor of the colony, has kindly presented a handsome cup as a prize to be shot for at the next annual matches iu connection with the South Aus tralian Bifle Association. By special desire the distances and rifles to be used and con* ditions will be left entirely to the committee. Mr. James Morcoin, the secretary, informs us it is more than probable that the firing for the trophy will be confined to Martini-Henry rifles. The Voltaire, recently published a long statement which professed to be a revelation of an intended rising of the Boyalists, Ac cording to this journal, there was a regular organisation, consisting of twenty head com mittees sitting in Paris, having 309 local committees affiliated to them. There was also a military organisation, thesympathisers among the soldiers being formed into secret com panies. The principal military leaders were among the Zouave regiments. The Comfce de Chambord was aware of all the prepara tions, and had been persuaded that the rising would he successful, and that numbers were ready to rush to the Boyalist standard when unfurled. " Sir William Robinson," says the London Echo " is presumably held to be promoted by his transfer from the Government of Western Australia to that of South Australia. At Adelaide he will receive £5,000 a year, whereas at Perth his official income was exactly half that sum. On the other hand he ruled with nearly autocratic power in the colony which he is quitting, whilst in the more advanced one he will be but a ' Constitutional Gover nor.' In administering the affairs of Wastern Australia, Sir William ' enjoyed the assist ance ' of an Executive Council of five official members, whom he of course named himself, and of a Legislative Council of twenty-one, seven of whom he also named. In other words, he was free to do pretty much as he pleased. South Australia, or, as it should properly be called. Central Australia, is go verned by a Parliament and a responsible Ministry. Sir William Jervois, whom Sir William Robinson succeeds, also obtains pecuniary promotion, the Governor of New Zealand receiving a salary of £7,500 per annum. Why General Jervois should be selected for one of the most difficult and delicate posts in the whole colonial service it is not easy to understand. He is an able engineer and a gallant officer, neither more nor less; and it is a statesman that is re quired for New Zealand. Without grudging honors or substantial rewards to meritorious soldiers, one may be permitted to regret that they are so frequently rewarded at the ex pense of the Civil services. The best of staff officers does not necessarily make a good colonial Governor, nor the best of admirals a capable Minister plenipotentiary; though Lord Malmesbury thought otherwise, and Lord Kimberley appears to be of the same opinion as Lord Malmesbury." The Southern Argtis of January 11 say3:— "Since our last issue two very destructive bushfires have taken place in our neighbor hood, by which an immense amount of damage has been done, one between Strath albyn and Macclesfield and the other at Ash bourne. The former started on Saturday morning somewhere iu Mr. Doherty's pro perty on the Adelaide main road, swept down across the hill to Beezor's, carrying every thing before it. Mr. Beezor lost his shed and haystack, and only saved his house and the bridge opposite by unceasing exertions. The fire spread on up Doctor's Hill, over the Blackwood estate, licking up every scrap of feed, and clearing away a lot of fencing and telegraph poles. Long Valley was soon reached, Mrs. Wylie, Mr. G. Graham, and others losing a good deal of fencing and nearly all their feed. The fire was one of the most extensive we have had so near Strathalbyn for a long time,-the amount of damage done being very large indeed. The second fire—that at Ashbourne on the same day—was more disastrous still, a much greater amount of property being destroyed, and the whole township coming very near destruction. Messrs. Kirkham, Keeling, and Allingham suffered heavily by the fire, a lot of fencing, growing i feed, and hay, a house and sheds ! heiDg consumed. Mr. S. Kirkham's house | had a very narrow escape, the flames coming right under its balcony, the very strongest j efforts of the family being needed to save | tho place from destruction. Mr. Kirkham's garden was ruined, and a stack of hay of some 30 tons was burnt up, besides a lot of material of various kinds. Mr. John Kirk bam also lost a hftystack of between seven and eight tons, besides every particle of grow ing feed. Messrs. Keeling suffered so severely that they were next day compelled to muster their Fiuniss Elat herd, and take the beasts away to town to sell them, not a scrap of feed being left for them. Mr. Haines nearly lost his store and dwelling- house; Mr. Allingham and others were less fortunate still, and altogether the fire was a most disastrous one, thousands of pounds' worth of property being destroyed. Inquests will probably he held." The sub-committee of the South Australian Literary Club have appointed Mr. \Y. B. Gilbert acting secretary to that institution. " Clancarty" was repeated at the Theatre Koyal on Thursday evening to a good and appreciative auditory. The lively sallies of wit and the emotional scenes drew forth frequent applause, and the piece passed off to the evident appreciation of the audience. " Clancarty" will be repeated "to-night. 