LARGE FIRE AT BROWNHILL : CHEEK. .. 3»Bft«rgie la-r^e-rtfa-afc-fires that h*re ever ?„ 'taken place In the MoontLioft-y Ranges broke «st «t BrowninU Creek on 8and*y mom £ag, J-unury 28. At 11 o'clock in -ike teeming smoke -was first aeen Sssrasg from % clamp of trees on the pro perty of Mr. John Wflliras. ? graarier, *at Brownhill Creek. Ass-stance was -a& once rendered to -endeavor to get tffce flames under, bat all efforts proved *f«£le, and the devouring element rapidly -aped over the grounds. A strong wind was Wowing at 'the time, and as the mm was Shining fiercely the odds were all in favor of the fire. In the place where the fire ^first burst out there was little bat dry grass and stumpy laces, which blazed with great fierceness. Hie locality in question is situated Iwtween high ranges, and the wind was tfaere -flore enabled to carry the flames along into 'the adjoiniEg paddocks. At one time there 'was great danger that the homestead of 'Mr. ^tfUlianw would be fired, bat the -wind suddenly veered round to the north -east, and the dwelling-house was saved. The fire then spread on to the property of Mr. EL FoBter, adjacent to that of Mr. Williams. Ihere was a lot of dense timber and under n-owth here which rapidly caught fire, and we fiery element extended over the -Whole of the land. A portion of Mr. Foster's holding, consisting of 200 acres ?f grazing land, was completely burned, ?nd the damage done is estimated at several liandred pounds. In addition to this nearly the whole of Mr. Foster's fencing was de molished, the damage in this matter being roughly estimated at £150. So far this gen tleman has been the heaviest loser by the fire. When the fire broke out about 30 neighbors came to the rescue, but their efforts proved unavailing, as aided by a wind 'the flames spread with great rapidity. At 3 okdock on Sunday afternoon Lance-corporal Hewitt and three constables were dispatched from the city to the scene of the conflagra tion. They chiefly confined their efforts to keeping the fire from spreading across the * Sheaoak Hill-road into the Governmentfarm. The 'flames broke into the farm several times, fjot their advance was checked for a time. At 2 o'clock the fire obtained a good hold at south-east corner of the farm, and got etterly beyond the control of the troopers. It was thought, however, that the farm ?would suffer little damage, as the wind was frequently changing, anditseemedatthetime our reporter left the scene that at any moment the wind would change and blow the fire back on to the road, where little harm could be done. Somewhat kite on Sunday evening additional troopers were despatched from the. city, and they all used their best efforts to prevent the fire obtaining any hold on the farm. Although the conflagration covered a largeareaandtncresreseveraldwelling-hoaseB in the vicinity, the greatest indifference was manifested by the neighbors, most of whom liaving turned out at an early period of the day, presumably with the object of render ing assistance, retired when the fire was at its greatest height early on Sunday evening. To Bhow the hold which the fire obtained it may be mentioned that numbers of opossums were discovered roasted whole, having apparently dropped from the trees stupefied 'by the smoke. Very little change took place after oar reporter left the scene at 2 o'clock on Monday morning until about 6 o'clock, when the wind shif ted and turned the fire in the direction of the Start. The wind did not, however, blow in this direction long, and no damage to speak of has been -lone in the vicinity. Before the desired change set in, however, a house and garden, the property of Mr. J. H. Symon, «J.C, M.P., stood a good chance of being completely destroyed. The property in question, which is rented by Mr. Walter Sradley, consists of a house and 70 acres of land, the hitter being cultivated for market garden purposes. The flames again and again swept up to the fence, but a number of will ing hands beatthem back as fast as they came up. Finally the workers met with success, as they beat the flames out, and then the welcome change set in, and the toilers were able to rest free from danger. The wind, which at 2 o'clock on Monday morning seemed to threaten the Government domain, fell away somewhat, but later on it increased in force but changed in direction, going back to the same quarter from which it blew when the fire first broke out. The fire originated in a gully, and the constant changing winds blew it in all directions for some time, but on Monday morning after playing several capers it settled down into a steady south-east breeze. This proved to be most destructive, as the wind carried the fiery element right up the centre of the gully, rising to the top of tho ranges on each side. The gully is bounded on both sides by two roads, one being an old track to the left of the Government Farm, and tiie other is the Sheaoak Hill-road, which bounds the Government Farm on one side. The property on the left of the old track was not in any great danger, but all that situated at the head of the gully, towards which the flames were driving, were in considerable peril. The police, who had been on duty the whole of the night, had. their numbera considerably augmented on Monday. The neighbors also turned cut in good numbers, but the two bodies ^combined could not beat back the enemy. The south-eastern corner of the Government farm took fire on Monday morninsr, and although but little damage has resulted, the people on the farm were carefully en the look-out, and a number of men were kept at work driving the fire back. At one tune, however, the flames rushed in with such great force that all efforts to get them under proved futile for some time. The navvies engaged ontheNairneline of railway were at work in the domain on the line, and had to throw down their tools and remove their tents to places of safety. With the exception of a little grass and some fencing being destroyed it may be stated that the farm has notsuffered any damage. Jest out tide the Government property on the extreme east are a couple of holdings belonging to Messrs. H. Fnlgrave, who has eight acres of land, and H. Highers, who has 86 acres. Both these owners grow produce for the markets, and as the fire seemed to be threatening their property at every moment, they went out and met it, and after some time succeeded in getting it under. The fire passed through the Government Farm after crossing the Sheaoak Hill-road, and then travelled across the range as far as the residence of the traffic manager {Mr. A. G. Pendleton). No damage, however, worth speaking of was done on this the right side of the road. We bow return to the gully, through which it swept with great fierceness, carrying every thing before it. It swept through Mr. T. Kemp's place, fortunately, however, escaping the house and the best part of the garden. This place is situated to the west of Crafers, and consists of fourteen acres of land. Adjoining this are two small cottages with blocks of laud attached. One belongs to Mr. Joseph Tilley, and the other is rented by Mr. Crossland. These, however, escaped with, but little damage. Haycrof t's place, which is situated in the township of Waverley, likewise although threatened received nodamage of any moment. Situated nearly atthe head of the ftully is the residence of Mr. W. B. T. Andrews. The wind blew the flames with great force np to this house ; but strange to say, although the heat was intense, and the balcony of the house caughtfire on one or two occasions the place escaped. It will not take much to repair Mr. Andrews's loss, as it chiefly consisted of damage done by the heat rather than by the fire itself. In front of the bouse is the garden, which is low down in the gully, the trees and plants in which were scorched up. The raspberry and blackberry bushes were destroyed, as also were the walnut trees. The fire first approached the house at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and as the place seemed in great danger the police ad vised Mrs. Andrews to remove with the re3t of her family. This course, however, the lady did cot de?m it advisable to take, although* tho heat was almost unbearable. To enow how great the heat was it may be mentioned that nearly the whole of Mrs. Andrews'^ fowls perished. The fire has done a vast amount of mischief. It has burned tons and tons of fine timber and hundreds of tons of firewood. At this season of the year grass is none too plentiful in the hills, but if there was little before the fire there is less now. This is a serious matter to those who have stock, as in some cases hay ' will have to be purchased for cattle and horses. This is all to be deplored, and it is £&d.; The saddest case of all, however, that came under our notice was that of Mrs. SlitCT, '5*9 SjftS . &**« sarnt o*it ol house lad home. The deywuiflg element swept past AnSrews's ftfid burnt Mrs. Slater's ?cottage to toe ground. Mis. Slater was a* the tte» of the fire -alone in the hpssi, ?antes* %e include thxe* little children, only x»e of whom a able to take care of itself, ^eotber two oonairtedxrfattttle child anda ?fctbeJincrms. Atahout lrfclonkibe flames, ^^gdgg-anaafciifi^irttaf^fiB»haiae. The, ..vhb vine uw cuci a*o ? piaco 01 winy* .- audihen tedto stand ani watch the dwell inginint iaitoe groanA. The property con visted of llBscres of I and and a five-roomed house. Two Of the rooms were built of atone and Ihe Tcmainaer of laths and plaster. The furniture was valued at £20, and the fruit which was destroyed was also valued at about £20. After causing all this damage the fire seemed to have bant itself oat in this direc tion. When dsrkneEs set in there was every in dkation of rain, and the gathering of the dark clouds was watched with great anxiety by the settlers in the district. Fortu nately for all interested, at about 8 o'clock a cool breeze sprang np, and was succeeded by a light falling of dew and then by a gentle shower of rain. The slight fall of water bad the desired effect, as it soon put an end to all burning bushes. At 1L30 the fire was virtually over ; what remained of cce of the most extensive bush fires in this part merely consisting of a few stumps of trees and some thick dead wood. Too ninth praise cannot be bestowed on the members of the mounted-police force, who were present at the fire, for their sp!endid behaviour. The whole of the little force worked with great willingness, and during a portion of Monday they had to labor in a space almost surrounded by fire. The men in the employ of Mr. T. Burnett, builder, turned out, and -later in the after noon a number of navvies employed at the seventeen-mile camp left their work and lent assistance to beat back the flames. 