'SKSHur SPECIAL TEEEGRAVS. nprdm our own CorreaDon'lents. I VICTORIA. Melbourne. January 24. The naked body of Harris, head master of the Beechworth School, who was reported to have disappeared in a mysterious manner, was found in the river at Richmond this morning. Melville, the stationmaster at Dimboola, has been arrested on a charge of embezzling £73 belonging to the department. It is stated that prisoner has been gambling heavily of late. On the suggestion of his wife an official audit of the accounts was made. Claimants for damages arising out of the Hawthorn collision will be invited to refer their claims to the arbitration of the Board appointed to enquire into the circumstances of the collision. The Government are engaged: in drafting a Bill to prohibit the adulteration of articles of food, drink, and drugs. . ; A bush-fire, which destroyed the grass, fencing, and other property, valued at £1,000, occurred on Jtoberteon Brothers' . Estate, Colac, yesterday, . At the City Court to-day BenjamiaThomp son, Stationmaster at Hawthorn,.and William Hunt, guard of the special train which . col lided with another on the Hawthorn line on the 3rd ultimo, were: charged on summons with feloniously killing and slaying. William' Thomas, who died from injuries sustained in the -collision. It was explained that, the charge was- brought for the: purpose -of sim plifying the issuei au'd clearing the deposi tions taken by the Coroner of. extraneous matter with regard to the, administration of the Railway Department, as the depositions were too involved to put to the Jury. Several 'witnesses were examined, then* evi dence being similar to that tendered at the inquest. A large number of witnesses remain _to be examined. ? , , ;_The Ministers of Railways and Mines .were- present : to-day at ' the inau guration, of the .new. water supply scheme for, ,.Daylesford. ; ; A banquet .followed. Mr. Hy ..B% iWilliama,, in reapond jing to the toast of ' The, ex-Ministers,'J said ;tirere was more fightin. the members of the Berry Ministry than/they .had shown intfche past,andwhenthe.propertimecametiiepeople would see the flamingsword as they had seen it in the past. He was proceeding with further remarks; jn a Bimilar strain w he was called to order. . _ . / ... .'.. ; The stakes won at the Fictorian Cluh Meet ing .were c paid over Jto-day.: ; The largest amount, £520, was received by W. J- Hedfearn, .who wpn the Vicjtorian Club Cap. Sir Thomas Elderieceiyed £365, and. Mr. Bran3hj£245.:: At the half- yearly meeting .of the Land Mortgage Bank to-day a dividend of 8 per cent, was declared; 