INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. SYDNEY, Wednesday. A terrible accident occurred this afternoon at the Dubbo railway station, to a man named Denis Fitzpatrick, who was employed in the railway yard. An approaching goods train knocked him down, and passed over him. His legs were cut off and his head smashed, death being instantaneous. A man named Thompson, charged before Judge Docker at the Wentworth Sessions with forging a cheque for £5 10s., was found guilty and sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment. A clause of the Criminal Law Consolidation Act of last session, under which tbe case was tried, provides that a prisoner found guilty of the offence of forgery shall be liable to penal servitude for 10 years, no minimum being fixed. The heat to-day in Sydney has been intense. Mr. H. C. Russell, the Government astronomer, reports that it was one of the hottest days he has ever had on record. Tbe maximum heat registered 99deg. in the shade in tbe afternoon, and at 9 o'clock to-night it was 86deg. Accounts have been received from all parts of the country of excessive heat to-day. At Pooncarie fearful weather prevailed. A fearful heavy gale sprang up this afternoon, demolishing fences, uprooting trees, and unroofing several dwellings. Great heat was experienced at Dubbo, where the highest reading was 107deg. in tbe shade. The heat was also extremely oppressive at Forbes, where a large bush-fire is raging in tbe vicinity of the town. A terrific storm occurred at Newcastle at 4 o'clock this afternoon, in the midst of a boiling heat, such as has not been experienced for many years in that locality. SYDNEY, Thursday. A telegram has been received from Eogland reporting the death of Captain Williams, a wellknown and highly respected trader to Australia. Mr. Anthony Hordern writes from London to the effect that if successful in his negotiations for construction of a railway in Western Australia he'will found a University at Perth. The beat continues unbearable. A young woman named Florence Tracey was found dead at Waterloo this morning. 