SNE of the preliminary expenses for which the farmer has to pro vide is that of fencing. It is as com pletely out of the question to cultivate laud without first enclosing it with a fence as to begin to live in a house be fore there is a roof on it. The field which is ploughed and sown just as much needs protecting against stock as the inhabitants of the house needs protection againt the weather. With out such protection it is not safe and fencing is a heavy item. It is true, when the first year's crop is enclosed a great deal may be afterwards done where wood fi' for.fcncing is plentiful, without the expense being felt. AY couple of men may split and bore and point a great many posts and rails in time which is not wanted particularly for anything else, and in this way a good sized farm may gradually be not. only fenced round but subdivided in. to fields and paddocks. Bur a certain amount of fencing must be done before a grain of corn can be safely sown, and long before there can be any re turn for the labor and money expended Some :ry to escape the expense of fencing, or at least a portion of it, by putting up a comparatively in, xpensivo hush fence. But this only adds to the outlay in the end by making it necessary to do the work twice over. It may be the only course open to those who adopt it-they may put up a bush fence because they cannot af ford at.the time to put up a better but this only means that they are start. inag business with inadequate capital, and is a reason for their not starting at all till they are better off. All this is, however, no more than what every one knows. But what a great many do not seem to know,or will not admit is that the expense incurred in the repair of fencing,and the' disrdvantage of a fence, which is after all not a close fence may be avoided in a great many, if not in all instances, by grow ing a live fence, and where there is no hurlry about fencing a live fence may be obtained in the first insance with-. out the necessity of erecting any other Live fences have been declared in a very authoritative way to be impracti cable. It has been said that they can not be got to grow,that they are sure to be burnt down by bushfires, and that they cannot resist stock. But these are only general conclusions drawn from particular instances. Cer tain hedge plants have been tried on soils whibh did not suit them, and therefore it has been concluded that no hedge plants will grow on these soils, and that the plant tried on them with out success will not grow on alny other. Then, because certain fences have not been planted thickly enough, or gaps have occured and not been filled up, ora plant has been used which is not strongly thorned, it has been concluded that no live fence will resist stock, while lastly because the land along the outside of the fence has not been ploughed or cleared and has in consequence been left naked to the attack of bush fires and partially des troyed, it hasbeen said that all live fences would be burnt dwn. The truth is, live fences have not had a fair trial. They are getting a fair trial in other parts of Austra lia, and have been found very value able, but they have not had a fair trial here. Of armed hedge plants suited for fences and capable of resist ng allordinary stock, or indeed any stock except wild cattle-against which any fence, live or dead, is equal ly useless--there are several, nor are there many soils on which one or other of these would not grow. There is the African Boxthorne, the Osage Orange, the armed Acacia, the commonil gorze or furze several of the Rosace-e and others, some of them able to hold their own on poor soils and nearly all growing freely on soils which are even moderately fertile, and all cap able of resisting bush fires better than dry fences ofjarrah or white gum. Of course even live fences are not to be had without expense. In the case of some the young plants have *to be raised in prepared ground either from seed or cuttings, while even such as can be raised from cuttings in natural soil on which the fence is to stand have still to be planted, an operation requiring the digging of a trench and half filling it with the decayed leaf mould at hand,so as to give the plant astart. But the fence, once planted and grown remains, impervious to all ordinary assailants, and requires no further attention than an annual cut ting back with the hook, an operation which is done very quickly. Live fences take time to grow, nor· would those of the quickest growth be of much service till the third or perhaps the fourth year, although we hear of some being full grown in the second. They would therefore be of less use to the agriculturalist than to the pas. toralist, the former mostly wanting a fence round some of his ]anl the first year of his occupancy, the latter being able to wait. But, planted as an outer fence on the first year of entry, they would come in very usefully as the" farm extended itself. LPoubt!ess live fences need attention just as nny other fences and are liable, if left without a belt of cleared land outside them, ·to be partly destroyed by bush fires, just like other fences, but they are, if anything, safer than dry wooden fences and if parti ally destroyed can them selves repair the mischief done, which a dead fence is unable to do They are among the things which have yet to be tried on a sufficiemtly large scale under varying circumstances to fully test their value, but such partial experiments as have been made and such informa'ionas we possess about, them afford reasonable grounds for believing that several of them will be eventiually found to answer. and to supply a great want, and that they deserve far more attention than has in this colony been given them. TIE schooner " Plauet" arrived from Cossack at Fremantle yesterday. She experienced contrary winds, and heavy seas off-the N. W. Cape, which continued to the time of her arrival in port and which, result-. cd in driving her some distance out of her direction. TEE barque TPistaria from Adelaide arrived at Fremantle yesterday afternoon. She brings eight passengers. She reports having had fine weather during the passage which was accomplished in ten days, as she sailed on the 13th of February. A BAZAAn it to be held in Fromantle at the conclusion of Lent in aid of the build ing fund of the new St. John's Church The ladies who are organising - the bazaar have canvassed the town very indus trioisly, and have done other important work in connection with the bazaar which promises to be, and we hope will be, a great guccesi THE latest news from the North West is of a hlighly satisfactory character. Plentiful rains have fallen throughout the district, and stock and pasturage are every where doing well. The Pearling boats are doing exceedingly well, and the district appears to be in a highly prosperous condition. INTELLIOENCE has been rceeived by Messrs. Stone and Burt, the well known firm of Perth Solicitors, that a Colonel MceMurdo, representing Lord Robert Charles Montague, a brother of the present Duke of Mlanchester, is shortly to arrive in the col ony. The oblject of his visit is to negotiate with the Government with regard to the construction of a railway from Albany to York on the Land Grant System. Colonel MeMurdo has had considerable experience in railway uonstruction, having been cnnec ted with the recent ccnstruction of railways in St. John's Newfoundland. Nothing is as yet known as to the precise character of the proposals that will be submitted by Colonel McMurdo, hut we may venture to express a hope that they will be of a character which the Government and the country will be justified in accepting. This is the third proposal for the construction of a railway between Albany and York on the Land Grant system that will be taken into con sideration by the Legislature at their next session. A NaReow' escape from drowning occurred on the Frenmantle jetty last night. A young lady named Willis was seated on a truck which was bing propelled along the old jetty. Suddenly the truck met with some obstruction, and she was violently jerked off into the water. Her screams for tunately attracted the attention of two sailors from one of the ships who happened to be near at hand, as well as a trucker named Hicks. One of the sailors and Hicks immediately jumped in to her rescue, whilst the other sailor procured a boat. She was rescued without any difficulty, and we are glad to hear that beyond the fright she ex perienced is likely to suffer no ill-effects from her sudden immersion. IT is evident to everyone who has travelled on the railway between Fremantle and Perth that the line is doing a good business, and with a regular and well-managed goods traffic should do much better. As it is there can be no question that the line is paying, though the scanty and imperfect returns furnished to the public supply them with no data in support of such a belief. Railways are of such import ance in respect to their being reproductive or otherwise, that a detailed statement setting out clearly the receipts and expenditure for regular periods, should be periodically published along with the other financial statements. The neglect to supply this information is impolitic. inasmuch as it is calculated to affect the credit of the colony when it applies for loans for railway purposes, no information being available as to the profitable or unprofitable nature of such works already constructed and in operation. We trust when the next quar terly returt l are furnished the information which we have mentioned will be forth coming. JusT now the warm weather has revived a discussion as to the desirability of the Municipalities of Perth and Fremantle erecting public bathing places. The success fttl carrying out of such projects would not be so easy as miny people appear to imagine. There are many difficulties in the way that require great tact and judgment to overcome, in order to make the bathing places what it is necessary they should be--public bathing places in the widest sense of the term. In addition to this the initial expense would be very considerable, and, we fear, beyond what the ratepayers would sanction being expend ed out of municipal funds. The better plan for those who are interesting themselves in such a desirable project would be to request the Mayor of Perth and the Chairman of our own Municipality to convene meetings of ratepayers, and ascertain what power the corporations possess to expend public money in the manner proposed, and, if they have such power, how farthe ratepayers are pre parced to siupport them. For our own part we doubt very much whether the Councils possess the power to spend money on such it would be prudent of them for the present to undertake the responsibility of their management The most satisfactory plan, and one which. vould yield the best results would be to form a company, and establish proprietory baths in accessible and conveni ent localities. THE play of" The Ticket of Leave Man" was produced by the Archer Dramatic Company at the S. George's Hall,; Perth, on Monday evening last. Considhrable atten. tion was directed to this performance by some silly and would be sensational remarks in the paper which is circulated in Perth in the evening, to the effect that an disturbance if not a positive ?demente was imminent on the part of a section of the populace, in consequence of the alleged offensive natuie ef the title. As sensible people anticipated nothing whatever of the kind occurred, although the remarks indul ged in by the paper referred to were repro bated as calculated to give unnecessary pain to many respectable people. Possibly the object of th einflammatory remarks was simply to attract an audience,but certainly the effect was not such as was anticipated and hoped for. Considering that only two of the per formers could be regarded as professionals the play was on the whole satisfactorily pro duced. The piece had: been considerably mutilated to suit the strength of the Com pany, but "its interest was very fairly well maintained by the plot being left undisturbed and consecutive. The scenery-more especially the last scene of the Churchyardl-was exceedingly effect ive, and did credit to the artist and the management. It is needless to particularise the merits and demerits of each individual performer. They all did their best, and suc ceeded in satisfying a not too critical audien ce. Mrs. Archer displayed considerable know ledge of stage business, and her acting met with very general approval. The Company perform for the last time in Perth to-night, and it is not improbable that they will appear at Fremantle during the ensuing week. 