LARGE BUSHFIRE AT MOUNT LOFTY ————— ADELAIDE Monday. One of the largest bush fires which have taken place for years is now raging ini the Mount Lofty Ranges. Hundreds of willing hands are endeavouring to ex- tinguish it, but without success. The flames are three miles across. hill and dale, and the enormous volume of smoke. envelopes the country for miles. Many losers. One poor fellow is suppesed to to have had fifty cows burnt.—"Tele graph." A man got into the Ballarat train. at Geelong on Thursday night:. He wished to go to Colac, and found hele was in the wrong train when three qualters of a mile on his way. and determined to jump out. ': The train was going at the rate of .15 miles an ,hour. His' foolhiardiness cost him a broken' leg and arm aid a cut head. The Reedy Creek correspondent of the S ilmore's Advertfser writes :-" Rumour has it that the cause of the. visit of the directors of the Langridlge Company last week was to deride whether it was advisable or otherwise to retain the present hands at work in the mine. It appears .that the legal manager paid an unexpected visit to the mine one night ?last week,. and" found dll work was stopped. On going into the engine-rooma he found the driver lying asleep, with the brace men alongside of h-liim:. Ie then descended the mine, discovered three men sitting down smoking their pipos, nnd .the' boss' of the shift absent. Seeing the state of things, all work was ordered to be suspended in the mine, pending the decision of the share holders. H'owever, I believe matters were arranged amicably on Thursday, and all the old hands are to resume work." '" Now that water is scarce, and many have s to use it diseoloured, it may be well to know c that it can be cleaned, and made sweet and c pure by the use of cactus or aloe. A piece of i the thick leaf as big as a hand, split length- i wise to obtain as much of the inner surface a as possible, put into a bucket or tub will in a short time precipitate'all earthy matters, and I make 'it as, clear as crystal.- necton i Guardian.. ': The first accident since the new line was t -opened fromi Enalehavke to Raywood oc- 1 currcd (says the Bendigo Advertiser) on Mon dayevening. A young man in the employ of Mr John Lethlean, ofYallook, had brought a a load of wheat into the goods platform to be :forwarded by rail, and for that purpose lhe . employed three fine draught horses, which he drove abreast.. For some reason he had no f reins to thecentre horse, a rope rein simply r being attached to the side horses. The driver a commenced to cross the line with the horses a and waggon, when he- observed the contrac- a t6r's engine and trucks coming towards Sand- r burst. He endeavored to pull up the team, t but as he did so, the centre horse dragged the t other two, and as the aniinals got across the the line, the engine came upon them. Two 3 \- of the horses were killed on the spot, their l bodies being fearfully mangled, and the I third was so much injured that it will proba- I bly have to be shot. Neither the waggon f nor the driver were injured, and fortunately t the train which was going at the rate of I 18 miles an' hour was not thrown off the lines. As the engine came in contact with the horses, one of them was thrown against 1 the gate and smashed Itfrom the hinges. The engine was stopped, but very little damage a was done. The horses were very valuable, ( and will be a severe loss to Mr Lethlean. THE DUAL SauarT.-Responsibility for the *following lies with the.St. James's Gazette:- c " It is'only fail that a person meditating a great reform likely to shock those wedded to the old, unreformed ways should give due notice to the world at large of the character nuad extent of the reform.which.he or she 'contemplates introducing. This is what has 4:been consideratdly, done by a.Mrs. Scott, who is described in a New York paper as a ' San a Francisco' dress reformer.' Tirs lady is an d advocate of w;hat is euphemistically known as the ' divided skirt' or the ' qual garmen iture,' though; for her own part, she- scorns any such periphrasis. Mrs. Scott, then, has •given public notice to all whom it may con cern that on the 1st of January next £ she will begin to wear trousers in public;' andc she has accompanimed this startling announce- r ment with a request for police protection in case the street crowds should insult her. The I chief of the San Francisco police has, it is said, informed her that it will probably be his t duty to extend to her alarger measure of pro tection than she will quite appreciate-that he will, in fact, have to take her in charge. On the other hand, she has had legal advice to the effect that California has no law under which she can be prevented from dressing in s the manner she proposes,. Mrs. Scott has spared the world any speculation as to the shape of the new.garment. ' My trousers,' she informs as, ' are made with a plait, and \- descend just to the line of beauty in the calf 'of the leg, where the dresses of young girls come, and if young girls wear their dresses -. so, wbhyshould not old girls adopt the same fashion ?' . - One of the most disastrousfires which have occurred in the Colae district took place on Tuesday, at MIessrs. Roberston itros.' estate, resulting in great loss of property. Two men in the employ of the firm was engaged mustering sheep in a paddock, when they ob s-erved a large firc, which seemed to spring S:up directly in front of the flock they had gathered. The men at once endteavoured to subdue the flames, but it was soon apparent that, unaided, there- was no possibility of ;taheirsubduing the flames, which extenided : iapidly. Anssistance was sought, and prompt " ly iendered by several gentlemei in the : neighborhood, while the station hands also rushed to thespot and strove to get the fire under. Aboat an hour after its outbreak the wall of fire presented an unbroken line 310 : yanrds wide, and raging furiously from end to . end of the einclosure. - Despite the intense heat, the men worked manfully, and after two hours' incessant toil succeeded in extin g::: uishing thd flames. The fire destroyed : I about?half-i mile of fencing, a large quantity ' i-.of grass, and most of the trees in the fine plantation: The total loss is estimated at S- 1gi,000.The origin of the fire is lnot known. S Savas T'AT.Lr.-- A novel experiment to S te:'ist the: enduraince of the offiters of the :i Cavalry brigade of thie Russian imperial " Guard station at Warsaw was performed s:".a'few weeks aco. Ten officers were "chosen by lot, and their commander, ::::Geneiral Stroukoff, rode 133 miles on a . ,:course laid out around the Mokatoff Plain, :: adjoining Warsaw, between the hlours of SG. a i.m. and.5 30 pm They changed their: lihrses as often as they wished, in !' :motc-isa: afive or six times, and rested ;:.': only 20 minutes dluring the day. They S-.wereweiglhed before starting, and at the \- ,: trial all were foutid to have lost except -,.:-: -General Stroukoff, the average loss being : about 4lbs. Neither the men nor their h:.;:lorses appeared to be much fatigued. "'World." :. The Chief Secretary's departsment. has : -, - (says Monday's 'Age ") issatidh circular S-.to those persoas who were injured in the ': .Hawthioru railway accident, to the elffect S that such of the claimante as desired to go before the hoard with the-ir c'laims miight have them dealt with, eithler by the S whole beard or any other three of its members that the clainat, might select. The intention ii to brins as smny of t'le S claims under the juihdiction of the board as possible, but as we b-fore pointed out, it is certain that the majority of thie cases S will have to Ie settled by the Suipreme Court On Satnrdl:ay no less than six S writs were ih:;nedl by Messrs Gillott aind SSnowden, solicitors, at the instance the S following persons, who claim the amuounts -.-et opposite their naanes:-E. S. Dickeson .: 1000 ;- .1no. d'Gregor, £3,500; N. King S ston, £1000;- E . B. Carter, £1000; T. A. \- Ramsley, £1000; and E. Kidney,'£3000; or 410,500 in all. 