THE SKETCHER. A NIGHT-RIDE IN THE AIR. |Br Ithpmel] In tlie autumn of 1874 I was sent trom fteir York by the Herald to Cleveland, Ohio, a beautiful city on the banks of Lake Erie, some six hundred miles distant, for the pur pose of making a balloon ascension with Pro fessor King, a celebrated American aeronaut. Arriving in the morning, I devoted the early portion of the day to testing the.instruments with which I had promised to take an obser vation every five minutes for the War De partment. Then I hunted up the Professor, and found that he proposed making an early start the next day, as it was his intention to prolong our ascent to the last possible moment. He therefore began the work of inflating the mammoth balloon that afternoon. During the night the inflation went on steadily, and by morning the top of the "Bufihlo" was towering some 95 feet above the ground, and was rocking and swaying as if anxious to bound into the ether vaults above. The course taken by a small paper balloon showed us that for a consider able height the currents of air were blowing steadily towards the lake ; and although this was far from being a pleasant discovery, there was no help for it, and we resolved to start, trusting to a different current at a higher altitude than that attained by our "tell-tale." Thoughtful friends had provided us with ample means of refreshment, and with instruments and ballast aboard at 11 o'clock we cast off the last rope that held us to the earth, and the monster air-ship rose into the air amid the cheers and hurrahs of 150,000 people who had gathered to see us off. Bands played "Up in a Balloon, Boys," the crowd screamed out good wishes, handkerchiefs were waved, till the strains of the music became fainter and the thousands beneath seemed like ants, as we threw out ballast and rose rapidly from the receding earth. Here we met the current, which soon brought us over the deep waters of Lake Erie. The current in which we now found ourselves bore us steadily towards the east, and about the centre of the lake. The sun was shining from a cloud Ices sky, and at an altitude of two miles we sped on past town after 1 town with almost panoramic swiftness. After travelling about ISO miles in an easterly direction, and while intently watching a vessel that lay like a tiny speck on the water below, we suddenly encountered a different current, which was travelling in an entirely opposite direction, and we commenced to retrace our aerial way. Large masses of clouds were now flecking the sky, which by 3 o'clock had increased to such an extent as to obscure the sun and deprive our gas of its warmth, and although we expended a great quantity of ballast we continued steadily to descend. Down, down, down we settled gradually but surely towards the surface of that inland sea, whose waves seemed to snap and snatch at their prey as we approached them. Our only resource seemed to be to husband every pound of ballast until the last moment, and the sequel proved the wisdom of this resolution. Deter mined to make every effort to leave a record of our fate, I prepared a paper giving a statement of the incidents of our trip, concluding with the time at which we entered the water. This time I left blank, to be filled in at the fatal moment. Inch by inch we lowered, and there was a fascination in watching the basket drop closer and closer to the water that disarmed fear, and I affirm that it was without a shadow of dread or any alarm at the death I believed inevitable that I waited for the time when the blue waters of the lake would receive us. And now we are within a foot o the liquid depths, and, filling in the time in the death-message I had written, I carefully sealed the bottle, and waited breathlessly for our immersion. As the balloon struck the water I hurled the bottle from me with all my strength. But the basket, resting on the water, relieved in an instant its weight upon the gas, and we made a con vulsive bound into the air. That bound saved us, for before we aeain reached the water the clouds passed away from before the sun, and the gas rapidly warming we rose majestically in the air and soared up wards, safe for a time at least. For three hours longer baffling currents kept us chained as it were to the wild waste of waters which roared beneath us, and dark ness bad set in before we crossed the lake and reached the Canadian shore some sixty miles west of our starting-place. We were now in a wilderness of. pine-trees, but were wafted along in a current which we believed would soon take us in close proximity to the City of Detroit. Haviug determined to seize the first opportunity of landing, especially as the night was black and threatening, we in cautiously kept too near the earth, and our drag-rope caught cn the branch of a towering pine-tree. Fearing to cut it, we threw out everything in the shape of ballast, and succeeded finally in breaking off the limb. We bad lightened the ballon so much that we shot rapidly up when the limb gave away. It was now raining, but in an instant we were iu the dark, dense, dripping clouds, then thiough them into the silvery brightness of a blazing moon, and the ineffable light of myriad stars; while beneath us, piled iu fantastic shapes, lay the massive storm-clouds. Oil the bright vision of that fairy night! Then being relieved of the denser portion of the earth's atmosphere, those glories were de clared ten thousand times more grandly in the glittering heavens above ns; and His handiwork, unrolled in the scroll of the fir mament, dazzled and gleamed upon us in the solemn stillness of that memorable night as we had never beheld them. Upwards we sped between the dripping clouds and the glorious sky which beamed upon us with its thousand eyes and filled our souls with awe and wonder unspeakable until our barometer showed that we were six miles above the earth. We were in the region of eternal silence—a sPence as unbroken as that amid which the circling orbs ! above us had moved since the creation. On and on we floated, not knowing and little caring whither. We were earth-free, and bewitched with the weird grandeur of the scene around lis. At midnight, however, we broke the spell, and opening the valve for the first time on the voyage, unwillingly we came back to the wet earth, upon which tor rents of water were pouring from the masses of cloud through which we dropped, to dis cover that beneath us lay a dense pine forest, which as far as we could see stretched out on three sides, while before us, at no great dis tance, lay the waters of Lake Huron. We had crossed an intermediate lake (St. Clair) while above the clouds. Having already had all the water experiences that day which we cared to indulge in, we decided to descend, and shortly after, espying an opening which some bush- fire had made, we dropped on the bosom of mother earth once more, having been over thirteen hours in the air. Since then I have had many adventures and seen many strange sights, but none to compare in beauty and grandeur with that glimpse above the clouds which I had in that " Night-ride in the Air." 