THE WANDERER. BOUND ABOUT NEW ZEALAND- I BY "THI VAGABOND. MELBOURNE TO THE BLUFF. The magnificent steamer Te Aaau started punctually from the Queen's wharf at 2 p.m. on April 10. There was (he usnal crowd on board anxious to see the last of departing friends-in many cases, I daresay, glad to see toe last of them. I was specially honoured by the presence of a coterie of kind friends to bid me "God speed." I (rantI deserve all the good luck they wished me, I trust, anyhow, that I shall get it, deservedly or not. We braved with safety the perils of the Yarra, dreaded by master mariners more than stormy seas; for who would not rather pat op the deadlights and batten down hatches than Et stuck in the mad a mile from port? A it look at the chnrcbes and villas of Wil« Jiamstown, and then, to myaBtonishment, we bore over to Sandridge pier, <iff which we lay three-quarters of an hour waiting for the arrival of the pnrser with the ahip s papers. This is an admirable .arrangement for saving time, and impressed me with the idea that the mails might also he taken on here; it would rive an boor or two longer to business men in Melbourne to write their New Zealaud. correspondence. Theresa a foil master on deck, and at the evening meal in the saloon. The passengers -Ate not of the asnal colonial type, being new chums mostly ez the Potosi ana O&ronne.; There are a few returned New Zealanders, and four VictorianB-amongst them my old friend the squatter, a pioneer who points out where he rode across from fiandridge to Melbourne in 1840. He ia as prond of the country as if he had been horn there. It is amusing to bear the opinions of the new chams anent Melbourne, There it'a general horror at the fact thBt they bad to Hy sixpencea glass for beer; oneof them lists that he was chanted a shilling, one thiSwe do-sot credit. The price of boots shocked them ; bnt opon being pressed tuey admit that hotel charge* are on the whole cheaper than in England, and they cannot help admiring Melbourne, They a&k; strange questions. "Do they play whist in the colonies?" "Do yon have, lawn tennw beret" The bright eyes sparkle when a -asfeore the fair questioner that she wi«J!W , as' pinch of the litter amusement Jn «ew Zealand'- as she require* Tfae,'MBorlM oh »general principles defend ^he cow* fies, hut when «t ct»me£ to Mrtfc* - . |. see that ther 'believb New Znaland to be the hub <m wtaoh Jonfes revolve, Everything in in Acstraliaf "There snopodto^ i be got in ^Melbourne," » assertion otie tor one. "w» ,"5® uure made New ZealWid . jj vto thing," says another. ' 1^* " u? nktivesr what, tnagttlficent hey are, ' «omp*«W '' ^h the miBW^® .qstrelianblaeVi." " . iardithe temark thai Wert ZmnM* about the superiority 01 ine fcroe F0 n= nn excuse for their not bem« ».<"' r,C8h them. I eRy nothing. '<* **** ?h'l'nld ?et myself disliked; but I agree 1 ph° Maori passengers »n their blowinR ffjt|ioiirJ train ways, in which, certainly, *boBt.n claim to be ahead of V'ctoria One ^beycB" !Lro however, is an old Melbourne yjiopps' "! |eft there for Dnnedin in the tt,i,d'Sft rtafB ago, but he 8till looks back to rDfil'i'?-1. home-tbe premier city of the 8! seas He tells me many interesting goutl*"1 * 'ant,j.convict agitation-how he *8"'b «h with the armed men at Sandridge ^ ? t the landing of the transportees. t0 reeift 8Bjtation for separation Ae»%-0' south Wales, .and of the mon fro® *sfire which be lighted on the re eter b'1'1" the populous enborb where I eelVf',rritted to reside. We seem in danger *?] ^ne into four hostile camps-Aug «f ,1m v\,w Zealand, Garonne, and Potosi ^^"'ipKeral swop of travellers' yarns all * j We talk about the Continent and *r « im and I find that the eminent Mel }h o merchant on board can give me new nn New York and San Francisco, l! he has visited recently, and that he f 1 ihe Chagres River 15 yeara before I Bet £ ? mTihe Isthmus. There is one comfort fo i,i»h ate on bohrd, save the genial captain, iSow thoroughly colonial. I love indi jnnifl of the Celtic race very much, but am S rkfnl for the present that the Redmond nation is buried. One is rather surprised 5° ""h to find that our English passengers * to care less about Pboenix-park out (. and dynamite explosions than we do En tbe antipodes. I asked, perhaps, the .»intelligent of our new chums if he was verr atuionB to Bee the cablegrams when ?. Unded in Melbourne. " YeB," wsa the »nlr " I was never BO fidgety in my life. I MB OD thorns to know who won the boat »" This same professor endeavoured to Imaee tbe smoking-room with a lot of im ported yaroB, tbe very latest out in England, Vbicb I bave heaid years ago on the At lactic. mt pew cbums are generally a little dog. mitic. Theoretically they know a great deal Tbont the colonies, having carefully read up Tiollope and kindred authorities. They throw tbe late eminent author in one's teeth tnfla rooBt exasperating manner, when one re? members bow open to conviction and the retailing of canards were the Trollope family, mt (t fill The roost Bengible person on Imrd I take to be a Scotch lady, from one of the border counties, who knows more about apiculture, high farming, and the latest labonr&aving; appliances than any man I have net in the colonies. The thing which natu rally shocks ber most at the antipodes is the mete end want of domestic economy which the observed at Melbourne. The young ladies on board have mostly got their sea-legs, and htve that amount of savoir /aire, at least freedom from niauvaise honfe, perfectly natu ral in Anetralian or English girls, but (rhich the young English lady only ac quires after a long eea-voyage or a course of bazaars. After the manner of Lot's wile. tbey look back with tegret on the English joys they bave left. One who, like the Grand Duchess of Oerolstein, dotes on the military, mournB tbe absence of garrisons in New Zealand, and longs to return. I com fort ber with tales of the tall, handsome, jood- hnmonred, and rich Bquatters from the ffaikato Valley I have seen at Auckland. She will surely find some " Bill" amongst tbeeewho will atone for tbe uniformed flirts who go seldom marry. I don't tell her that I hiTesyery vague idea as yet as to where the W&ikato; is, bat it Bounds well, and it gives her something to think of. However, if Wiikato Bill turns up or not, I wish her the hippy marriage she deserves. The new comers, who have chummed together for 40 iafs across Biscay, the Mediterranean, and tbe Red Sea, and have been used to life on a urgeeteamer, rather give themselves airs. Knowing each other by name as tbey do, toty form a ring amongst themselves, ant I jn Australians get the cold shoulder at first. mt discourse freely at table, horrify the towards by asking if "that fellow is the fifiptwn, &nd; until ft mnto&l; tfaftw has taktn Jlaoe strike one unpleasantly. However, are not bad fellows after all, and at w&nt;, when they gather together and sine .Hit!01188 choruses they have leamt BO *eu by constant repetition, we forgive them t C eaB for the "fce ot their I Sfw a® ?01? t.h.an *wo MO since 108 ab<rat,thlB «*»* of New Zealand imnt Minir? bow bound. Under ratherdif wtttwrndjUonB, however, do I now start on «nd Interest. I believe SOObooka have jwirotten on Nsw Zealand,! trust I shall fciJOT! fi?me new ideas in my own not a greater Mtween the barqne Woodbine. SR2® S.B. TTC; -e*ftry comfor* and Cta m .P"sengera. I «*ne7 «d ^eir ever di» wpent of It, but am more t»d to nut V16 to*»tment I have MfflceS. .»L*lth,«k®'rtl«e when I ex. &dULUi1i0D; £S- Company of NiS ?jdie/oocdd i Company of weala « ££!?& Tme. I am writing these ** o! tabler^r^1' 5fcIoott.'^S»«ouble flight The domea give air ® tuny n*° .rooms we as lane as ^ »5«efOTt?,r t 800(1 llb»nv of which Tha amJvf*8® on Pwment of a and ^^Wwona on deck is ?ftvate ^L.«we also is a , Urge ^ber J?6®1? ^ M » bridal ®' torernnH conplfls. or frRbort insHtntiiJj, . American 5 ^ adopted in ^ .e^' ,wh®r^20 P^P1* my dis. SL, ,«nd ^VCiSki ? . O' the Dh i!ufr h«nn ' mixlmr §2?* k®» fi id«M. The dSh ^^ttrtsou, *he offioert, fe^Ciff,'r?p!lin Carey rj'M.to th?SiT®- Owtanswrin d "^o. T0U .ddtiss. The reWlatioa jaokets feto' hMkiBH e»*te"*td»w *. S3 U different^^VJ l8 board ohniM«LA® oolonialetyle, tpca.'^intedBhM «i« *fh" Kn,noh * oto|i vVjfv. *'**« than the Ot> Sh^ i?aSl!Ple^i4 itti..! w®Dl#i» Yn^b,e P'toes, mr hanni. ^wttPUiTTr>,e rny happi. u ^ tpNei yA? '?«?al^htMt kO r%n Z ' «ooaia J .halTCj®%,J! l» that 'allynpto enterprising p 10 ». standard of the day, when the steamship company fou ded there runs such boats as this-not by any |, njenne the latest or beat of its fleet. a Passage through Bass's Straits. Twenty.four hours after leaving Queens Wharf we are paseing through banks Straus To the left is Flinders r, i?' "o^ainous, and forbidding. But the north and north-east coaBts of Tag inania are not more inviting. There is a regular sea of mountains, covered on the slopes with heavy timber and scrub. An impassible barrier seems to extend around ®hore; ,lf' 18 aa gloomy here &b; on the west coast of Vancouver s Island, and there is not the colour, light, nor shade which one vJ0niTtb?uVarieiated folia8e of the forestB on the Northern Pacific shores. Our new chums here get their Brat idea of a bush-fire, the Bmoke from which rolls along the hill sideB. Gloomy and forbidding is this coast; but at night, when the crescent moon sets over Ben Lomond's heights, suspended for a lew moments in glory on the mountain's top. a jewel from heaven touching earth, the effect canDot be surpassed. I awake at daylight in tne morning to find that we are rounding lapmaus PeainBula. Here is the entrance to Port Arthur, celebrated for ever in His natural Life. Close by is that wonder of nature, the Blow-hole. We are steaming near the shore, and can study the forma tion of the rocks. In some cases theBe are fluted columns, as at Staff a or Pineal. The sea dashes at their base with a relentless fury. For miles there is no landing-place nothing driven ashore here could live. It is as uninviting a coast as any in the world, and more than ever I respect the hardihood and pluck of Tasman, Cook, and Flinders, those pioneers in the southern seas. We steam round into Storm Bay, and soon the scenery changes.' Cultivation iB observed on the shores. Through the glasses we see English fruit trees planted round the homesteads. There are wooded hills Bloping down to sandy foreshores, with numberless little bays and indentations in the coast; and above all Mount Wellington towers in the background, with the morning fog still fringe ing its summit. This iB the crowning joy of Hobart Give Sydney a mountain background like this, something to break the "sky-blot," and it would be perfect. We leave Bruni Island and D'Entrecasteauz Channel to the right, the latter calling to mind the two years, to a day, I was nearly wrecked on the reef named after the French navigator at the north of New Caledonia. Franklin Island is to the right, and then we enter the heads into the broad estuary of the Derwent which forms the harbour of Hobart. I am surprised to find it much larger than that of Nagasaki, that there is deep water everywhere, and ample room for several navies, and more shipping than Liverpool and London can boast of, to ride in safety. I give the palm of beauty to Hobart as superior to "our harbour" in Sydney. There are very few residences, however, scattered along the shores. At Kingston, on the right, there appear two or three good houseB, from which a good road winds along the coast. A shot tower next comes in sight, the first built south of the line. A smalt yacht and a brig, outward bound, pass us ; a church tower and a red windmill are visible above the rise of the iiill; on the foreshore are two or three shipbuilding yards, and the chimney of a boiling-down place for whale fat; then we round a point and Hobart comes to view, sloping upwards from a little cove in which there are wharves and warehouses, some half-dozen ships, and a few smaller craft A town not too closely built, with prominent large atone buildings of present and past governmental eras, red brick build ings in English style glaring officiously in the sun, a few sensible houses with verandahs around, but everything of Btone or brick, with a solid look as of a slice of Old England brought hither to the antipodes. The church towers which crown the summits are not new and elegant like those in Collins street, but they have the charm of age about them. There is very little of the present, as we recognise it in the Australian colonies, about Hobart The magnificent pile of free stone warehouses on the right would be creditable in Melbourne; but there is no business doing there. There is no traffic visible on the wharf. I had begun to com pare Hobart to Geelong, but at the latter place they do get np an excitement once a day, when the Melbourne steamers arrive. There is only one boy visible. He iB fishing at the other aide of the quay. A Maori passenger suggests that the inhabitants are yet all aBleep, but that can scarcely be at 10 o'clock in the day. A veritable Sleepy Hollow this; yet business must be done and wealth accumulated here, else whence the means to build that grand man sion on the hill, belonging, I am told, to a shipowner of Hobart, which at first we had mistaken for Government-house? When we land at the wharf of the Union S.S. Company we find a few people waiting for cargo. We Bay "Good-bye" to the Cockney passenger who has come all the way to Hobart in search of health, and to takeup the 30 acres of land which the Tasmanian Government grants to every free immigrant. He is rather crestfallen when told that he will possibly have to select it on the slopes of the mountains we passed yesterday. At the j end of the wharf are some half- dozen cabs and horses. There is joy in the jarvies' hearts when they recognise the new chums. These innocents abroad, clad some of them in fearful and wonderful attire, calculated to strike terror into the heart of New Zealand, inake for the nearest pubs., and mmmfc* the oourse of liquor customary with them ashore. Then they are the K;y of the cabmen, who very Beldom ve such a haul as befalls them to-day, We walk op towards Macqnarie-street noting the old-fashioned signs of the public-houses the Neptune, the Rodney, the Lord Nelson, &c.; There Me very few people about, ana when we arrive at a cabstand we find the drivers mostly asleep. They are unaware of the arrival of the Te Anau, and a fare is the very last thing they expect. They subsist on the tourist, and the season being over they so to sleep on the rank until next year. . We net a decent carriage and pair oi bones and drive towards the Cascade Brewery. If there is a touch of OeelouK about Hobart, it mora resembles an English county town. It reminds me ofWarwick.of j Huntingdon, of Abergavenny. It is wonder fully dean, and, above all, tbereis nothing "colonial' about it The substantial private houses «milt on the streets are auch as n England the doctor and the lawyer wonld reside in. There is* IS with ivy which might be of the cathedral close Lichfield. Again, tbereis a glaring two-storied brick terraoe worthy of Camden Town. There is plenty of foliage everywhere. and it is Ml English. As we ascend the hill in the outskirts of the town the gardens There are mae.es of red ing dumps of apple *wes ever fruit in greater abnndanoe than I havei ever IseeninDevonshlte,Normandy,ortheNorthern States. They hatag down in great clusters like cranes; never ha" there been such a year forepples ai this in Tasmania. But instead of rejoicing there is lamentation. Prices are eo reduced that fruit-growers, eo they say, are being rained ! We pass the gaol in the hollow between the road and mountain and ascend higher and higher till we arrive at the brewery. There ia a beautiful view of Jlobart and the harbour from here. 'I am not poing to describe this establishment, but I must thankthe manager for his courtesy in showing us around, and the glass of splendid home-brewed which he gave me. Back again throngh the town, past the railway Btation, the Domain, and Government-house to what our New Zealand cicerone insists ia the pride and glory of Hobart-the Botanical-gardens. These, how ever, we find too limited in extent, with a great deal too much path and too little green sward. The flowers and shrubs grow in a wild luxuriance which is pleasing enough to the eye, Bnd when we cross the bridge over the railroad, and the magnificent reach into which the Derwent here widens lies before ub, we feel that this is indeed a spot to which one may retire to soothe the mind and body. The tide gently laps the terrace which has been made on the foreshore. There are Beats under shady trees. The river before one resembles some Scotch lake, or rittwater on the Hawkesbury. But there ia cultivation and settlement evident on the other Bide. To day has a perfection of climate, and one would imagine Hobart Town society would be here in force. But, with the excep tion of ouraelves, not a soul is visible in the gardens. The reason, perhaps, because Bill « not, being away in Melbourne or New Zealand. We get a fair luncheon, and then drive into the country through Newtown towards New Norfolk. This is a country of good roads, for which the inhabitants have to thank the old convict days. When one has reached the brow of the hill, on one side yon see Hobart and its harbour, on the other a magnificent view along the valley of the Derweuc. The mountains shadow this on each side; the river, like a broad band of silver, flows in the midst; the road is clearly defined ; as far as the eye can eee church towers and country houses are visible peeping through the trees. There are hedgerows of hawthorn and of the wildbriar, the latter of which is as great a nuisance aa the thistle in Bungaree. Around the housesoneseea nothing but English foliage. Apple trees by the thou* sand, bearing apples by the million. Oaks, rather stunted in their growth, but more like the real English oak than any to be Been elsewhere in the colonies. Poplar, aeh, and Bydamore are alBO to be seen. Bete are some lilac busheB, there a golden laburnum tree. Everything speaks to one of Old England, even to the milestones, old and venerable, by the roadside. Besides the river, the valley ia traversed by the railway. There are good vehicles and horses in Tas mania, and many equipages pass UB bowling along to or from the pleasant subarban residences. After a long drive the cicerone of our party orders a retreat. "Letns go back, and do the town, and look out for the TaBmanian belles," says he. Once more on the trottoir, I proceed to do a little shopping. 1 find that the prevailing article of com mercial faith here is that it is necessary to charge for everything fifty per cent, above Melbourne prices. In some cases it runs to a hundred. At a stationer's I take np a book with the intention of buying it. In Mel bourne I had seen it priced 3s. Here it is 4s. Cd. I remonstrate with the clerk, but he argues the question. "At George Robert son's they will eell a hundred where we sel[ five," said he ; " we muBt make a profit." " Ou that principle," I reply, "the small pub lican should charge a shilling a glass for beer to make np his profits to the level of the hotelkeeper." It is the same with. cigars and everything else which I price. It is evident that the in habitants buy little amongst themselves; the Bhopkeepers of Hobart live on the yearly influx of strangers, for whoBe benefit prices are raised. The stores are about the class which we would find in an old English county town. Par exemple, here is a real confectioner's shop, just the place where we got Bath buns and Whigs in the days of our youth. The Btxeets are better laid out and built than in the old parts of Sydney, and if there iB not much stir we do not expect it But we do expect to eee a pretty girl, nay a dozen pretty girls, and there is not one! Three baldheaded elders walk disconsolately around the block, and inveigh at the tra vellers' tales which have deceived them. Hobart has been proclaimed as a land flowing not only with milk and honey, but inhabited by a race of honris! I know many hand some and fascinating ladies who profess to . have been raised in Tasmania. They must all have left; there are none here now! Perhaps they, are-but it iB no nse specu lating ; the ead fact remains that we do not see one good-looking woman during the whole of our day ashore! We return to the Te Anaa to find that TaBmanian beer has wrought its work amongst some of our new chums. There is little time left to study the few natives who have come down to see us off. Sharp at five-thirty we cast off our moorings, and by the time dinner is over we are well out In Storm Bay bound to the Blnff. The next few dayB pass uneventfully. The Sabbath is recognised by the officers all wearing new caps. The only excitement is the discovery that one of our saloon pas sengers has a father in the steerage. The old man is kept perdu whilst the son does the heavy in the social-halL We send hiip to Coventry at once. At daylight of the seventh day oat we pass the Sounders, which, like Boaz and Jakin, guard the entrance to Foveanx Straits, Then the mainland looms in Bight. High-hills sloping to the water's edge, above them ft line of fleecy clouds. Clouds? No! A sea of snow-tipped moun tains. Once more I -fancy myself off the Pacific coast, and can realise Joaquin Miller's lines " Abr tbe blue slerna lie, A Waving line of tnowy white, A fringe of heaven hung to eight Against the blue bue of the Ay." There is joy in the heart ol our Scotch lady passengers at awing snow once more, there is ioy th many hearts that in Foveanx Straits there is smooth water, Stewart Island on our right, bold, rugged, and thickly ?wooded, acting as a breakwater. Ahead is the Bluff, beyond it Campbslltown Wharf, and there I shall commence my experiences round about New Zealand. IMamm-for the Teeth and Breath > the best UqnUdmtttrloeiathewoiU. It thoroughly cleaoM " deoayed teeth from all patents or living Bala," leaving them pearly white, Impaitltt jidelighlM fragranoe to the breath. Woejh. 6d per oottf^ el all nhwwWe She Wtagrant florUlne aoree Instantly all odours aiMng tram a tad _ mash or tobaooo amoka. Bring partly ooeipoeed of honey, eod^ and extracts el met herbs and wants, It Is perfectly bamlea and dtUaioos aaabeny. OertlOoatea of Dr. Attfiald with erery bottle, with tall particular* Whotaale by «U whcfanle drugglfti la Melbourne.-[A»vr 1 ' Duhk Woua'B Boh us dam Somurps, the purest ntlmulant In tbe world. Invaluable lor the liver and kidney*.-IIbvt.j 