CORONER'S INQUEST. THE RECENT FIRE IN THE HILLS. The adjourned inquest on the late fire which oc- curred in the hills between Belair and Crafers was held on Thursday at the Crafers Hotel, before Mr. T. Ward. J.P. (City Coroner). Rupert Grimes recalled — There have been five fires in Williams's paddock within the last three years, and they have all occurred in the same paddock and nearly at the same spot. Three have been at night and two in the day time. This spot is about one and a half miles from where Ful- grave lives. Think Fulgrave left the Stockade about three years ago. John Williams, recalled, said his paddock was not used as a public thoroughfare. In February, 1882, a fire occurred in the paddock in which his house stood, half a mile away, and he offered a reward of £50 for the discovery of its origin. First noticed this fire at 5 o'clock in the morning. Thought the fire suspicious. Found the corner post burnt into the ground, and was satisfied it had been set fire to. That was about two miles from Fulgrave's. John Mack stated that the distance from where the fire started to Fulgrave's place was about a mile and a half. There have been five fires in Williams's paddock during the last three summers. All but one originated in the same place. John Wright, labourer, saw the fire on the 28th January, which started in Williams's paddock. He helped to put it out. Heard that a man named Fulgrave, whom Mr. Williams had prosecuted, had an ill-feeling against him (Williams). A young man named Edwin Foster told him that he heard Fulgrave say that he would do Williams an injury. Knew Fulgrave and had often met him at the Crafers Hotel. Never heard him say he would injure Williams. Henry Foster, recalled, said the Fulgraves lived about two miles from his place. Two years ago they lived nearer to him. Had never, to his knowledge, spoken to August Fulgrave, who had got into trouble, but knew all the family except him. His son, Edwin, never mentioned Fulgrave's threat respecting Williams until last Monday. Believed Williams had had a fire in his paddock every year, and thought it rather suspicious. Knew that Wil- liams had prosecuted one of the Fulgraves. Had heard it rumoured that Fulgrave had a 'down' on Williams. It was common talk. Edwin Foster, woodcarter, son of last witness, stated that he assisted in putting out the fire on the 28th. He lived about a mile from where it started. Thought five fires had occurred in Williams's pad- dock during the last three summers. Knew the Fulgraves, and was aware that Williams prosecuted August Fulgrave three or four years ago. Twelve months ago saw August Fulgrave at the Crafers Hotel, and heard him say that he would make it hot for Williams before he was done with him. Knew he meant the Williams in whose paddock so many fires had occurred. Noticed that Fulgrave looked round and saw witness, and the former then went away. Witness fancied August Fulgrave was generally looked upon as the person who had started the fires on Williams's property. Albert Foster, market gardener at Brownhill Creek, said he lived a mile from Williams's. Witness lost by the fire property to the value of about £100. Five or six fires had taken place on Williams's land during the last three summers. Considered this rather suspicious. It was a common report that August Fulgrave had started the fires. About three months ago August Fulgrave said to witness, 'Old Williams's steers off on one side from me when me and some of the Stirling chaps get together.' Knew that Fulgrave had a 'down' on Williams. August Fulgrave, woodcarter, residing near Crafers, after being cautioned by the Coroner, said he did not see the fire on the 28th until observing the smoke — about 1 o'clock p.m. Did not know where it came from, and did not pay much attention to it, as he thought it was a long way off. Just afterwards went away to Havelock's at the Eighteen and a half Mile Camp, one mile away. Stopped there half an hour and got home again at 3 in the afternoon. Could only see smoke then, and did not know where the fire was till Monday morning. At 9 o'clock on the Sunday night he could not see any- thing of the fire, but next morning saw where it was, and at 11 a.m. it was close to their place and burnt a little of their fencing. On the day of the fire got up at 7 o'clock, fed his horses, had break- fast, and laid down again till 10 o'clock. Then went for a walk with another young man to No. 8 Tunnel, and returned at 10.30 a.m., and stayed home there till about 1 o'clock. Did not know there had been any fires on Williams's property within the last two or three years. Witness got into trouble three or four years ago and Williams gave evidence against him. Had no ill-feeling against him, and had never threatened him so far as he knew. Might have done so when drunk at the Crafers Hotel one night last winter, but could not remember what he had said. He might have said he would make it hot for Williams. If he did say it to any one it was to Albert Foster. Knew the direction of Williams's place, but did not know that the fire was there on the 28th. Was acquainted with the country towards Williams's. Knew Henry Foster as long as he could remember. Samuel Havelock, mason, said August Fulgrave came to his place at 2 o'clock on Sunday, January 28. Joseph Hammond, gardener, Brownhill Creek, had no idea of the origin of the fire. There had been fires at Williams's for the last two or three years. August Fulgrave had not been at his place for the last three months, and witness had no conversation with him about these fires. Henry Fulgrave, gardener, said his son August was at home on Sunday, January 28. He was away for about half an hour in the forenoon. Carolina Fulgrave, wife of last witness, gave corroborative evidence. Charles Heyer, gardener, deposed that he went with August Fulgrave between 10 and 11 a.m. on Sunday, January 28, to No. 8 Tunnel. On the next morning Fulgrave assisted to put the fire out when it was about half a mile from his father's place and coming in that direction. This closed the evidence, and the Coroner in summing up, after referring to the great risk to life and property from such fires, said he thought they had got at the origin of the one they were enquiring into. There was the undoubted evi- dence of several respectable witnesses that Williams had had five fires on his property within the last three years, since the man August Fulgrave had been released from prison. That was a suspicious circumstance. They also had the most reliable evidence that Fulgrave had said he would make it hot for Williams before he was done with him, and other witnesses swore that he spoke in language which clearly indicated that he had a 'down' on Williams. From these remarks there must be malicious feeling on the part of Fulgrave towards Williams. Bnt there was not suffi- cient evidence to send a case on for trial — it was only a case of strong suspicion. The verdict he would suggest was that the fire had been started by some person, and the evidence pointed most strongly to August Fulgrave. He thought there was suspicion that Fulgrave not only started the late fire, but also the four previous ones at the same place. The Coroner then referred to the necessity of people in the hills keeping their places clear of all light inflammable matter, and of ploughing as a protection to their homesteads. He also spoke of the desirability of an organized body of men to cope with such fires. The Jury, after a short retirement, returned the following verdict:— "We find that the fire which started on Mr. Williams's property on January 28 was started wilfully by some person or persons unknown, and also that very strong suspicion attaches to the man August Fulgrave." 