ITEMS OF NEWS. Tenders are invited by the Commissioner of Railways for the ercctiou of a station master's residence at Maryborough. The adjourned inquiry into the Australasian mining disaster will take place at- .Greswick 'td- day.- " ' -The mails perR.M.S. Indus which arrived in the Bay on Wednesday night, were delivered in Costlemaine yesterday. ' Her dates and : English news are to Uecombor lotn. hl'r.G. J. SandB, of Kyneton, has announced his intention of 'offering himself as" aVcandidate for the electorardistribt of DajQiousie atBie next election. At the sitting of the "Wesleyan Conference yesterday the appointment' of tlie Rev. "Mr Ussher to Castlemaiiie, and the Rev." W. Bla- tuires to Sandhurst was agreed to. " The following are the returns of traffic on the "Victorian Railways' for week ending' 18th Jan., 1883 Passengers, parcels, horses, 'car riages, dogs, and mSls, L16, 462 8s 9d ; mer chandise, minerals, and cattle, L23,135 19s 6d ; — total for tlie w.eek, L38,598 & 3d ^corres ponding week in 1882, L36,199 173 7d. Aggre gate to this dato from 1st July, LI, 017, 064 Is 9d. Weekly average 29 weeks, L35, 071 3s 6d. Oii Saturday a inixod eleven of "the C.U.C.C. play a match against ihe Foundry Club. The wickets will be pitched at two' " o'clock". Tlie Foundry team is as follows Donoyan, Bibhy, Robb, \Vallace, Dowsett, Leanuy, Hanuan, Leecli, Elsbury, H-. M'Lean, Grose. Reserve, Greensides, Scott. The C.U.C.C. will be repre sented by A. Muirhead, W. Muirhead, Dawes, G. Smith, Vick, E. Rowe, Nicholas, Fitzgerald, Matthews, Acton, Walton. 'Reserve, A. M. ' Smith) Henry, Stewart. Tho wonders of the model of tho Strasburg clock drew a large number of visitors yesterday, who took great interest in watching the many movements of figures, and the elaborate dials for noting the' time and astronomical - motions! The inmates of the Benevolent Asylum availed themselves yestetday afternppn of the generous offer of the' proprietor," arid examined the clock with apparent curiosity "arid interest.' The clock ivill be again on view to-day and to-morrow, arid itsliould.be seen by those, who have not; had that gratification. : - At the Police Court yesterday, an old man named Garet Stack was brought up on a charge of drunkenness, , a subsequent offence. . He pledged himself to keep sober the remainder of his life if ho was not sent to gaol, but tho Bench relieved him from this obligation by sentencing him tol4 days'- imprisonment in gaol. A person named J. W.' Wyatt was arrested yesterday on a warrant from Deuiliquiri," setting forth a charge against him of stealing "a day-book) ledger, arid, journal, the property of Mr Vergoe, of Denili- quiu. Ho was remanded for a week. The Borough Council had an unusually short sitting last night.' :: Tliere'Svas a "bare quorum present, five riieinbers, and they despatched the business in less 'tliap half the rime occupied where all the councillors are ' present. There was no business transacted calling for particular comment. Mention - was made in the Surveyor's report of rail's being removed from a culvert iri Kennedy- street, and a roward will be given foi' tlie "detection of those"" who did the irijury! Theroare also some railings taken away or broken down that protected 'the deep water channel op posite the Botanical Hotel in Barker-street. For want of them the corner, where there is much traffic, is dangerous, and the railings should be replaced, else the cpuricil'will be liable to a suit for damages. ' J ' " ; The general holiday observed at Daylesford on Wednesday upon tho occasion of laying the foundation stone of the hew Town Hall,- and the first length of water piping for the water's'upply) was a joyful one; No fewer than 3000 people are estimated to have gathered round ' the vici nity of the Town Hall. The Minister of Water Supply, the Gompissioner ,of Itailvyays, Messrs Williams, Cooper," arid" "Richardson, M's!L.A.,: were present. . The Mayor, who laid tho foundar tion stone, was presented with a silver trowel. At the banquet which, followed nearly 100 gen tlemen sat down to: table. In 'replying to the toast 'of ex-Ministers, Mr Richardsbn warned the present Ministry of a storm ! that would 'ere long burst upon them, but' Mr' Bent' treated such' a prophecy as' ridiculous, 'and'dilated at lerigh upon the honesty of the Miriistry. ' Tlie ' "prdceridings - patoed'pff 'agreeably.''.';: . J : Twenty-seven bakers and grocers were yester day fined 103 and 203 costs, for not weighing bread, at the Goelong Foiice Court. - A - 1 ; Smoke from bushfires swept through the Cres- wick district between five' and ' six , o'clock mi Wednesday aft'ernoon. 1 The 5.45 train from Creswick'tp Ballarat passed 'through very .thick smoke shortly before ', leaving the Racecourse platform. Tho fires appeared . to be burning away to the south-west of tho.Creswick district.' At the Sandhurst Police Court yesterday' a boy named Scharidorf,' aged thirteen)" -was charged with maliciously and unlawfully wound ing another boy named Walter Long, about tho samo age, with a_ butcher's knife on the; day of tlie Mayor's picnic. Tho evidence Bhowed that the prisoner, aud prosecutor .quarrelled, somo time Bince. .On the morning named, the boys met when the Sunday school, scholars were as sembling for the picnic. - The prisoner ran up and caught Long, and said) 'Now I have got you ; I will kill' you.' He' produced the knife and struck at his face. Long' rawed. Jus hands) upon which he received tlie blow of tlie-knife which was then taken, from tho prisoner. Thd bench committed- the accused to; take his trial at the next assizes. -, ' I \- The following further particulars of the career of the seaman Willianr Burns"wh"o was recently executed at Adelaide,' for' the murder of tho mate of tho ship Douglas lias been supplied to the AdolaideRegister : — " It appears that in 1876 he came out to Melbourne from -Liverpool as a sea man in tho ship Thomas Bell,; of which Reed was mate. During the voyage ho was exceed ingly troublesome and violent, and had to bb put ill iron no loss ' than seven times. On one occasion when all hands were called hut, Burns did not make, his'.appearance. The captain (Gruzolior) went into' the-fbrecastlo to order liirii on dpcjcat.once, but lm had hardly spoken when Burn's foiled bim'|b' tho groundwith !a' 'scraper. The male! rushed upJ'(oBurhsV and presenting a revprver at him'threateiied to sllriot hirii' if ho were not quiet/ " Burhs' merely said " Oro away " in an offhand, riiariner, and lie. was then placed in irons.1 ).At auutlie'r 'time when '(lie "men were reefing the mainsail "Burns spoke in 'an 'im- portinont rnanner to 1 Jjeed, who thereupon knocked him down. -The other drew his knifb, and was only proyentod from attacking the mate with it by. some of the pther'sailors. 'A ;day >pr two after the. ship arrived in "Melbourne Burns stabbed a man with a'kuifo in a.publichouse, arid got 18 i months' irnprisonraeiit for fit. 'i Ho- also! roceiyed ari additional term of incarcbrattoh for. Kis'previbus assault on Captain Gruzolieiv -' '1 " The 'p(pjmd||b:uigr.1eaxns ' tlmt'a number of cattle have'Ve'cprae entirbly blind in the "dia- trjets of.Mpr'fell; IVfoe",): The ! cause) is al leged to be attacks of vcnoiuouB fliop! .)THe matter is a serious one, especially to bullock- drivers, whose animals are thus rendered almost useless for working purposes. Jofin Rothall. a farmer near Naixacoqite, ,cut liis' tlitoat and left arm wens(naerithe arifiuenie of driqk, and lias since dicid. Wesleyan Conference at Adelaide, has passed a resolution recommending the use of non- intoxicating wine in the sacrament of the Lords Supper. - ' ' The strike at Messrs Pickles coach "factory, at Sandhurst, lias terminated by the following terms of tho men being agreed to : — Eight hours , for journeymen and eight and a quarter for ap prentices. A resident of Lai Lai, who had suffered for a long time from rheumatism, was the other day. thrown out of his 'dray, arid one of the wheels' went' "over liis rheumatic side, and almost entirely cured him. He offers the remedy to the public gratuitously. 7: A aid accident is reported from Brisbane. A . boy named Carter,, son of-a well-known resident of that town, was shooting at birds from a ship, when the barrel of the gun he was holding burst, the charge going into- his :side. Ho was taken to his home, but died two hours after wards. :-i.' At a meeting held at Narracoorte, it was re solved tomemprialisetheV Government ,-to\take steps to remedy the defects'Pf ' the "present law, and to enable creditors , to sue. for debts con tracted bv person's who afterwards abscond across the border into Yictoria;' ; " " i ; /. . 7 With a view tochecking the disposition on the part of farmers, who have -not succeeded in the north to leave the colony, the South Australian Register publishes statistics showing that nearly a million acre3 are available for selection in tlie southorn districts, where -the rainfall is certairi and the soil good. A novel) simple, and what will doubtless prove an effective innovation, has been introduced iri some of the trains on" the Victorian lines of rail ways. It consists of having tho guard's van pro jecting on each side about 18 inches farther out than the passenger carriages. A window "is affixed in the projecting portion of the van, bo that the guard' can see1 without' difficulty along the" line in front of the train. ' ; " 1 Thehore in 'the Madame Berry claim,. Cres- wick)'is down 455ft., in drift, and the company wish to get to the bottom of tho wash. Thorp is, however, a difficulty -in the way,, as, the "dia mond 'drill in use is not well adapted to bqririg .through country of that character, aud 'is liable to damage if the boring is continued. But" the Minister of Mines has consented ' to "allo w : the company to go deoper on the condition that they .'pay for any damage that' may be'doneUo1 the' ma chine. ' -' : 1 The Tariff Commissiori and attendant Parlia mentary party visited Horshaui on -Wednesday. Much interest ivas manifested iri the proceed-- ings, the shire-hall being filled with local farmers, several of whom were examined. On behalf of those .present the .witnesses .in / the. .agricultural iiitorest" complained of the unjust burden of taxation to which they were subjected by tlio heavy duties on agricultural implements and machinery, cornsacks, &c.; They declared un reservedly in favour of free trade, particularly as between the' colonies. . , , ".' 1 ' The Beech worth schoolmaster, Harris, whoso body was found in the River Yarra on Wednes day morning, was a resident of Geelong about twenty yeara " ago, says the Advertiser; being then a school teacher under the 'dld denomina- tib'nal, or "common-school "sj'stem. He was for somo time head teacher of the Cbilwell Wesleyan school, and liiid tlie 'roputatioritof being an ex cellent teacher, and it is said, that the Cbilwell school whilst' under his chargo was' most success fully conducted. He subsequently removed to Ballarat, and speculated in mining, and. about eight years ago" he resumed teaching, and was appointed to Beecliworth, where he resided un-; til tho Christmas .holidays. Harris leaves a wife and grown-up family. j O11 tho 15th October,' 1879, a' mail named Nieholl wont out fishing in Belfast Bay. The day was Brie, aiii'd lie was seen sitting in his boat about half-past 5 o'clock in the afterridtiri." ' 'At 6 o'clock no sign of.tho mau or, boat , could be seen; ' Search' was made iri'every direction, and a diver went down in the vicinity where llie 'was seen fishing, but nothing was found of either boat or man until Wednesday, when a person walking along the beach of Belfast Bay, neat Mill's Reef, discovered the greater portion of a boat partly buried in the sand. A number of pursous took out the boat on Wednesday;; who with the fishermen aud others are' unanimous in the opinion that it is" djioholTs boat. It- is supposed the boat was swa'niped and -sank, and that Nieholl was drowned. 1 The boat must ha'Ve got jammed between tho rocks', on tlie reef where it reiriained until recently'. ! , 'i : 1 ! One of the most disastrous fires which: have occurred .in' the ,C!blap district took place on. Tues-! day, at Messrs Robertson Bros.', estate; resulting iri great loss of property. It appears that two men iri the employ of the . firm were engaged mustering' sheep 'in a paddock) -when thoy ob served a large tiro, which, .seemed to spring, up directly in front of tlie 'flock 'Miriy The men at once endeavoured to subdue'.tho flames, but it was soon. , apparent,, tliat /unaided there was 110: possibility of.;their mastering, the; fire, which extended rapidly. " Assistance 'wris sought aud promptly rendered by several' gentle-! meu in the neighbourhood;1 while 'the atation' hands also rushed to thb' spot and "strove '-to get the fire under. About 'an "hour after- 'its ; out-! break the wall of fire presented an unbroken' line 300 yards wide/ and ragiiig/furiously .fr'oriV end to end of the enclosure. Despite the intense heat tlio meri" worked manfully, arid after twbj hours' incessant .toil succeeded; in .extinguishing the flames. Tho fire' destroyed 'half, a' mile ' Of; fencing, a large quaritity'of ' grass,' arid mo3t' pf tho trees in tlio fine plantation. Tiio'. tiital loss,' is estimated at, £1)000/ .' The origin of tho fire (b not known! . f ! " 1 i 