CORONERS' INQUESTS, THE RECENT BUSH FIRES IN THE HILLS. The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Crafers Hotel on Monday, February 5, on the bush fire which recently occurred in the ranges in the neighbourhood of Brownhill Creek and Waverley. Mr James Blaikie was foreman of the Jury. The Jury were conducted to a point near Waverley from which they were enabled to gather some idea of the extent of the fire and the damage done. John Williams, market gardener, of Brownhill Creek, said the fire started on his property on Sunday, January 28, and his attention was first called to it by John Mack at about a quarter or half past 1 o'clock. He responded to the alarm, and found the fire in his paddock, about three or four chains from what was known as the Stony Pinch- road. The fire was burning fast, and although they used every effort they could not stop its progress in any direction for some time, but they managed to subdue the fire on his property by 11 o'clock at night. The fire was prevented from reaching his house by the district road and the exertions of him- self and those who assisted him. It was im- possible to plough round his house because of the hills and stones. He had lost 200 acres of grass, a lot of cut and felled timber, and fencing, the cut wood amounting to about twenty or thirty tons, with which he was supplying the Government. His loss would amount to £100 at least. Fires had happened in the same spot in his paddock for the last four years. About five years ago he had one of his neighbours arrested for a beastly crime, and he was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Never had a fire on his land before this man was liberated, and since five fires had occurred, two happening last year. On one occasion he was sure the fire was started wilfully, and in connection with the first fire the leaves and twigs by which the fire was kindled against a hollow tree were seen. The man referred to lived within a mile of him, and he saw him occasionally, but never spoke to him. There was very little foot traffic near or through his property. Witness did not smoke, but one of his men who never went into the paddock did. Had no idea as to the origin of the recent fire. All his neighbours worked well at the fire, but he thought a volunteer fire brigade for the purpose of dealing with bush fires would be of great service. John Mack, gardener, whose premises were near to the spot where the fire started, said he first saw it at about half-past 12 o'clock on Sunday, January 28, about 500 or 600 yards from his place. Worked at the fire for about half an hour, and then told Mr. Williams about it. The fire had burnt about an acre and a half of grass when he saw it, and had apparently started in a heap of boughs which had been left by woodcutters some time before. The district road, aided by a change of wind, kept the fire from his house; but he lost 115 tons of cut wood, all his tools, and a bullock-dray, the whole being valued at £95. Believe the fire was wilfully started. This was the fifth fire in the course of three years that had occurred in the same spot, and he believed the fires were started to injure Mr. Williams. The fires had occurred every year since the man who was sent to the Stockade on the information of Mr. Williams was released — about three years ago. Last February witness put out a fire on William's property at 4 o'clock in the morning, and three weeks afterwards another fire was started in another part of the paddock. The year before a fire was lit in two places, one being a few feet from the point at which the recent fire started. Had heard that Mr. Williams had been threatened by the man referred to, and he believed all the fires on the property were wilfully started. He could not plough round his house, but could keep a clear space. Thought the efforts of an organized body of men would have a better effect than those of irregular helpers, and that a brigade would be a good thing. Several narrow escapes from death had taken place in con- nection with the recent fire. By Jury — Could not say he had seen the man referred to on Williams's property but had noticed him at his brother-in- law's adjoining, which could be reached con- veniently by passing through Williams's section. Abraham Skinner, who worked for Mr. Williams, said he thought the fire had been wilfully started, and substantially corroborated the previous witness as to the fires which had happened on the property before. He had also heard that threats had been made against Mr. Williams by the man he had pro- secuted, but he could not say who told him. Did all he could to put the fire out. Thought people should be obliged to keep clear spaces round their houses, and that a good organized brigade would be of good service. Thought settlers in the hills were not sufficiently careful about the surroundings of their houses. Rupert Grimes, gardener, said his property ad- joined that belonging to Mr. Williams, and that he was first told of the fire by his brother Cyrus at about half-past 1 o'clock on Sunday, January 28. Went to Williams's paddock, where the fire was burning, and assisted to put it out. Thought the fire was very suspicious, seeing that so many fires had occurred in the same place. Had not noticed any one loitering in Williams's paddock. Believe the man who was prosecuted by Williams had bad feeling against him, but had not heard of any threats having been made. The fire did not touch witness's place, round which it would be impossible to plough. The neighbours readily assisted to put out the fire and every one did his best; but an organized brigade might have been of good service, and perhaps the fire would have been extinguished more quickly. Did not think a good fire was of advantage to woodcarters. Henry Foster, gardener, said his property ad- joined that belonging to Mr. Williams. First heard of the fire at about half-past 1 o'clock on Sunday, January 28, from his daughter. Had lost grass, fencing, and other things to the value of about £300, and the fire came within about 200 yards of his house. Thought it singular and suspicious that five fires should have occurred in Williams's paddock during the last three or four years; but did not know whether they were wilfully started or other- wise, nor was he aware of any people in the neigh- bourhood who had bad feeling against Mr. Williams. Did not know the man who was sent to the Stockade. In order to put out these bush fires plenty of men who understood the work and had had some train- ing should be on the spot, but did not know that a fire brigade would be of much use. A thousand men would not have been able to put out the fire where he saw it, but it might have been stopped in places by a good body of men. His son Albert's outhouses were burnt and the horses were with difficulty rescued from the stable. The house also caught fire, but was saved. By Jury — A good strong body of men could have cut the fire off by burning ahead of it. Edwin James Heath, a resident of Waverley, said the fire crossed his property on January 29, and destroyed forty panels of fencing and about sixty fruit-trees of two years' growth, his loss being esti- mated at £50. His house would also have been burnt but for the efforts of Mr. Andrews and the trooper. Speaking in a general way he thought the idea of having an organized body of men in case of fire was a good one, and if a good position had been taken up by a strong body of men the recent fire might have been stopped. Believed the neighbours did all they could. Walter B. T. Andrews, Registrar-General, living at Waverley with his family, said the fire reached the walls of his house, and his family had to be re- moved for safety. He estimated his loss by the fire at about £40. The fire came up the gully from the westward, and he did not know of its origin. When he saw the fire nobody could get near it, and nothing could stop it from coming up the gully. Did not think a volunteer brigade would be of any use, as the neighbours turn out very well at present. He suggested that the spaces round houses should be kept as clear as possible. He did not think the district roads were kept sufficiently clear of growing timber, and he pointed out that some portion of the road from Crafers Post-Office to Mitcham was not sufficiently cleared to prevent fires from crossing, while if it were cleared it would be a great protec- tion. In this case the fire crossed the road. Mary Ann Slater, married woman, said she lived on a section adjoining the township of Waverley in a house of three rooms belonging to herself. The fire did not reach her house till Monday, and she was not aware that it had progressed to her pro- perty until the house was on fire. The house and its contents, with the exception of a table and a sewing machine, were burnt, and she had barely time to save the children. Estimated her loss at about £100. She asked some men who were work- ing at Mr. Gurr's building close by to tell her if she was in danger, and they told her to drive her cows out of her garden. She also asked them to save the house, but they did not attempt to assist her, and she believed if they had come in time they might have saved the house. Joseph Tilley, woodcarter, said on returning to his place at Waverley on Monday afternoon he found his outbuildings burnt, and that his house had narrowly escaped destruction. He estimated his loss at about £60. Had also lost some potatoes and fruit-trees. Alfred France, agent, living at Waverley, stated that he saw the fire on Sunday afternoon and evening, January 28, and on Monday morning saw it was coming nearer. The wind was blowing strongly from the north at 1 o'clock, and changed to the westward at about 12 o'clock, driving the fire directly up the gully on the north side. An attempt was made by Mr. Burnett's men to stop the fire, but it proved futile, and the flames swept along the gullies on each side of his place. The damage done to his property amounted to about £50. Mr. Russell had suffered to the same extent, and Mr. Harris's garden had been damaged. The fire did not start in his place, and the statement which appeared in the Register as to the finding of a charred match on his property by a black-tracker, and the supposition that the fire might have started in his place, were incorrect. it would be a good thing to have the space round the homesteads cleared, but when so much timber existed in the hills it was almost im- possible to stay the progress of the fire. An organized body of men would be of great service at fires. William Lewis, J.P., of Stirling East, said he thought the damage done by fires would be greatly reduced if spaces were cleared round homesteads and round the boundaries of the different properties, ploughing to be resorted to where practicable. An organized band of men by taking proper precautions ahead of fires could very often stop their progress, and a striking instance of what could be done by combined and systematic work occurred about twenty-five years ago, when the whole of the Mount Barker agricultural district was saved from destruc- tion by fire owing to the steps taken by 150 men organized in the emergency. It would be a very good thing to have organized bodies of men in the hills. Difficulties presented themselves, but he did not think they were insurmountable. People near a fire were generally ready to give every assistance, and a case such as Mrs. Slater had mentioned rarely occurred. The whole of the witnesses who had been sum- moned and those who had volunteered to give evidence having been disposed of, the Coroner pro- ceeded to sum up and the Jury retired, but at the last moment a witness was found who had heard the man referred to as having uttered threats against Mr. Williams, stating that he would 'make it warm' for Williams; and after a short deliberation the Jury expressed a wish that the inquest should be adjourned to allow of further evidence, being pro- cured. The Inquest was accordingly adjourned till Thursday next at 2 o'clock. 