"BEECHWORTH COURT OF ASSIZE. \- CIVIL SITTINGS. Thursday, October 11. (Before His Honor Mr Justice Higm- botham.) Joseph Ferguson vthe President, Coun cillors and Ratepayers of the United Shire of Beech worth : Action to recover £500 damages, for trespass upon plaintiffs land at Paddy's Gully, Bowman's Forest. Mr C. A. Smyth, with Mr D. <J. U Lieary, appeared for plaintiff ; Mr ff. Brown, with Mr Hodges, instructed by Mr Phillips, For defendants. The following jury was empanelled - D. Fiddes (foreman), C. J. O'Sulhvan, J. ilitckekon, T. Connolly, R- Finch and J. Messrs O'Leary and Smyth having opened the plaintiff's case. The c«»urt adjourned till the following morning, at lialf-past nine o clock. Friday,- October 12. Joseph Ferguson deposed that he was a landowner and farmer at Bowman s Forest. He produced the Crown grant of his freehold paddock, of 195 acres, dated August 30th, 1878, and the lease of his leasehold, of 123 acres, to take effect from the 1st November, 1881. He had applied for the lease some months before It was granted, and previously was in occupation under license for three years. He remembered a 'bush-fire taking place about January, 1881. Previous io that fcre the freehold was securely fenced, but the leasehold was not fenced at all. The fence around the freehold was destroyed 111 a great many places by the bush -fire. There was no road through the freehold. The fence was erected around both the freehold and the leasehold by May, 1881, and one block was made of two. In the same month he proceeded to Melbourne, leaving the fence secure, and the grass in good condition. He also left 4o head of cattle and some smaller on the land. The cattle were a very good class of milkers. He had at that time sufficient grass for those cattle. He received a letter from his daughter, in consequence «>f which lie returned, after an absence of two or three weeks. On his return he found the fences had been taken down on two sides of the freehold land. Absufc lialf-a-cliain of fen cing at each end was broken down. The east Bide of the fence was chock-and-log, and the west side post-and-rail. His son and another man were acting for him dur ing his absence. He did not see Mum mery at the fence. He afterwards missed most of his cattle, and found strange cattle In the paddock. He made a search for his cattle, and founA about 10 head at different times. Hehad notseen the miss ing 10 head since. He valued them at £0 per head. Some of those he recovered were found 10 miles away from the pad- flock, and none of them were in as good condition as when he lost them. In his opinion they were materially lowered in value. He had counted as many a3 80 head of strange cattle in the paddock at one time. Some time after, he re- erected the fences, and engaged a man to watch them. He had large logs drawn to the places where the fences had been broken down, after ihey had been taken down a second time, and had been down from May until August. It coat him about £1 5s to repair the fences, and £5 to recover bis cattle. There were Strange cattle in the paddock all along, until he repaired the fences. He esti mated the loss of grass and depreciation in the value of his cattle at £100. The de preciation in the value of the 35 head of cattle amounted to £70. From Septem ber, 1882, until April, 1S83, a contractor named Hamilton was engaged erecting a fence in the same paddock. About Sep tember Hamilton took down the fences at the end of the paddock. A fire broke out In January, 1883, on the east side of the paddock, and destroyed a small portion of the fence and some grass. On the 8th of February a second fire broke out on the lino ef the new fence Hamilton was erecting, and about the centre of the paddock. On the day previous to the fire he saw about a dozen pests put up ready for charring. (The contract of Hamilton with the defen dants for the erection of the fence on the main road, in the freehold paddock, was here put in.) He was a member of the council at that time, and was still. He had seen Hamilton at the work, and spoke to him. Mr Brown contended thatthe defendants were not liable for any action of the con tractor outside of the specifications of the work he contracted to do, and objected to any evidence being taken as to a conversa tion between plaintiff and the contractor's man. His Honor decided to hear the evidence, and to note the objection. Plaintiff' continued : On the day before the fire he spoke to Hamilton and his man, at the same time and place. He spoke to them about the inferiority of the material Ihey were using, and they then showed him the posts set up for charring. He l&Bked; Hamilton why he didn't char the posts where he split- them, instead of v bringing them into a paddock so high with grass ; that if a fire broke out, it would go all over the district before it was stopped, He did Bot recollect what reply he made, fciit understood him to say there was no v-. fear. At that time the", grass in the paddock was very good and' dry, and the weather was hot and very dry. On the 8th of February be saw smoke- from a ilistance of four or five miles, and his son lode off at once to the .paddock. He Visited the paddock next day, and saw that considerable amount of grass had been turned in the freehold paddock, and also Home fencing material. About 30 acres of grass was burned altogether' before the lire was pile out. He valued the grass and fencing material that was destroyed at £10. ...a ' Mr Smyth ; Were you in treaty for the purchase of cattle at the time of the j£. -fire. v. Mr Brown contended that this evidence of loss was, too remote, -and objected to L the quesbiojn being put. ' . ... . His Honor said the purchase of tlio . ; Cattle might not have been profitable, and Iruled that vhe evidence' was too remote. \- By Mr Brown : My freehold paddock Was fenced all round in"-. January, 1880. It previously -belonged to a maa named Byrne. 'I&ere; were two or three tracks through tlni paddock when J; purchased it, leading from -the Whocouly-road. There Was no siccveyed road leading from IVhorouIy t-o.'aie lower ecd. of my paddock, lo my kno vlefge. When -Byrne took up ihe paddooic gmd fenced, If suppose every jnan found bie own -road " through the ranges. took-out the licence I Was not aware -oif any contemplated read going round the paddock on the east .aad north-sides of the£reehold, anddividingthe Dao -fr.Y-n the o Aher. When T.'dfccupied the land it.vras recbrnraenisd by the land board I witliontia road." I xaight havi heasd nehdi- ' fcors hiljiiig about a iroad,-btft Ln&rer; lmd if »ny offioi.fi intimation .o£ (, ' The - public ; Were siirSugh thelaczbas they.eko.se before J -'ooikout the lease. I cannot recol lect wiuj;.ht»r tfte matter was discussed at a meeting of the defendant council before X took wit tiieilcase. I hud conversations With in- oibers 6f ihe council, and offered, .Verbally. r» give the council a road through Ahe lean.'., if (Byrne's paddock) in place of road through the freehold. .--There was an agitation going on for a road before I purchase! the paddock, and it" was re newed sf-er the occupation of the paddock \- Jochm6n'» dated 27th August, : 878, was here handed in,', -to<prove that plaintiff tad given: tKvKjouijf 0 Jj&yefand.; license to open a road through the pad dock for certain considerations.) Mr Smyth objected to the document being put in as evidence of an agreement. His Honor decided to admit the docu ment as evidence of leave and license. Plaintiff continued : The document did not bear the seal of the council for three years after 1 signed it. The document was drawn up by Mr Balciel, the engineer fer the council, and he objected to the de scription given in it as a surveyed road, as there was no surveyed road in existence; but signed it in good faith. The allotment referred to in the document was one he was then applying for, which included the present leasehold land. The council did not carry out the agreement with hiin. I could not recoguiso Mr Dalziel's writing, but recollect the document (produced) being produced in the arbitration case by Mr Stewart, of the lands office. I don't re collect the council assisting ine in having the road around Byrne's paddock included in the leasehold. 1 think I had the lease hold fenced before I got the lease ; and after the freehold and leasehold were fenced together, no opening was left in the fence, except a slip-panel next my hau3e, and another near the river, which the pub lic used in my ' absence. The council broke the agreement by tbeir engineer appearing at the land hoard and using the document against his application for land referred to in the agreement that the road ran through. I applied for 220 acres, and was granted 123 aeres. It was when I was applying for the balance of 07 acres that the document was produced against me, and my application opposed fey the council. The application was made two years after the document wae signed ; and the ground of opposition on the pare of the council was that, if the land was granted to me, they would have to build a bridge; at a cost of £300, over Paddy's Gully. At the time the document was signed the bridge had been provided for by tlic council, and the engineer had made a premise that it would be built. My sti pulation was that the bridge should be high enough for my cattle to pass under neath. I refused to give a road under any other conditions. There has been a culvert in the Whorouly-road, which was used by persons travelling over the new road through Byrne's paddock. A dispute oc curred about the erection of a bridge at Paddy's Gully. Took up the 90 acres lo allow bis cattle to get out. The roa'd taken by the council was the shortest road to the culvert. There the bridge was to be. The culvert was fifteen chains from plaintiff's land. Made a claim against the council for loss of cattle, through my solici tor, but could not Bay on what date. Did not advertise the loss of the cattle in order to recover them. Informed the herdsman, and told him that he would be paid if he brought the cattle back. The cattle were not in his charge. At the time they strayed out of the paddock there was good grass there, and worse outside. There was no accounting for the instincts of cattle in straj'ing away. The fence between my land and Essam's waB cattle-proof. The- cattle might have got out through Essam's paddock, but I do not think so. After receiving the notice produced, dated 10th September, 1S82, from the council, I claimed £20 for land taken, and compensation £380. The council had made an offer of £20. The offer was not ac cepted, and the matter went to arbitration. The arbitration took place, and the award was made on the 12th February, 1883. The arbiters awarded me £100, which I have since received. That all referred to Hamilton's contract for fencing the road, which ran north of tbe place where the fence was cut down. To Mr Smyth : The culvert spoken of was outside my property altoget her. On the occasion of the arbitration the council put in the leave and license document of 1878, and it materially in fluenced the amount of the award. The seal was not on a copy of it received by me from the shire secretary, who said that the seal and attestation were recently affixed. In 18S2 Frederick Allen was president, and refused to sign the docu ment, as did also Councillor Fletcher, who condemned the council's action. Signed tlia document on the condition that the bridge was to be built high enought lo allow cattle to pass under it. Money was provided for the erection of the bridge, which was a necessity. The road had been changed, and a culvert built. The bridge was to have been built in continua tion of the road I had given. The 'bridge was never built. It would be just OHtside the paddock, and the proposed height of the bridge was to allow cattle going from the north to the south end, for water, to pass under it. Mr Dalziel agreed to the erection of the bridge. The words he used were, " We'll do that." On these conditions signed the agreement. Some short time afterwards Mr Dalziel inspecEed the lino of the road, close to which the railway would pass. Said a bridge could be erected for £60, and offered to have it built and kept in repair for ten years. The council refused the offer. Mr Dalziel said at the land board that the agreement produced was no good, and plaintiff then expected to get the land. The couucil were then successful in preventing me getting the land under the 49th section. Mr Crawford, as president, said, on oath, that the agreement produced was not binding, as it was not signed by the coun cil, but only by plaintiff. Recollect that the Government offered the council money (£250), forced it on them, to build a bridge, and end the dispute. The council never tendered me a deed to si»n, for the exchange of roads. On the 9th June, 1881, the council passed a resolution authorising the cutting down of the fences and the openiug of the road. The plaintiff's examination was then concluded ; he having been in the box for three hours'and a quarter. WilliamFerguson, son of plaintiff, deposed that in 1881 he was in Melbourne with his father. When he returned his father's fences, on the east and west, sides, were down. Some of the cattle (45 head of milkers and some young cattle) were missing from the paddock. Went out searchitig for the catile, and found all of them except ten. In January or Feb ruary, 1883, saw smoke and fire in Byrne's paddock. Traced the lira from where some posts -had been charred. Assisted to put out the fire. Between 20 and 30 acres of grass had been burned. .Twues- Ferguson, ; brother of last witness, stated that iu J une", 4881, he noticed that the feacei of Byrne's- paddock Sad been taLnown bear Where' the railway line had b©Aiiri;ey.;on"oiie side of the pad dock,- anaL alap on "tiig Other side. Got the fence ps?t >«p again. i .A day or so after it was d osr-n again -ori bolh sides, Went to the m UE -wIko put it up before to put it up again ; b.ut ihe would not help to "do so. The ni'air (fa Chinaman) refused to assist. He was i.n plaintiff's employ. Witness's father was- written to, and- arrived from Melbourne. Tbe fence was not' put up for a while t \fter. Saw Mr Frank Mum- mery m the 4 oaddoc.k, cutting Jogs. The fence was re; laired, and some jloga were drawn to protec it- Hodges Newto a fai/mer at W'horonly, deposed that he k. new Feijguson'a paddock known as Byrne's..- In Jv'n.% 1881, saw Frank Mummery cutting tluiL>er in the paddock. The fenc 98 _ were a little aboye the surveyed r."ilyay line. tu rnery was makiiig'a trai" 'Spoke toh. ,a,' June, 1881, he opened a fence in Byrnes'- : paddock. Was paid 30s for the workb y the council. Pulled the fence down at one place on each .side. It was snbse- qucntly replaced,- and. witness palled it down again. Told a Chinaman ;working for Mr Ferguson that lie (witness) was working for the council. Never said he would prosecute him if he interfered with the fence again. By Mr Brown : For two months before the fence was pulled down the public were lining a track through Byrne's paddock. Did not see any cattle in the paddock when the fence was removed, but saw only a few. outside. . Essam's fences were riot cattle-proof. Hodges Newton (recalled) stated that at the time he saw Mummery in the pad dock there were" cattle there. Mummery said he was working for the council. The grass there was pretty fair. The court then adjournedtilltwoo'clock. On resuming, : Man Chin, iu the employ of the plaintiff, deposed that he saw plaintiff s fence down, and Mummery told him that if he put the fence up again, the council would summons him. He and plaintiffs second son put the fence up again. He saw the cattle in plaintiffs paddock. ' By Mr Brown : I never saw strange cattle in the paddock. " William Lowcock, farmer, deposed that he had a conversation with Mr 'Dalziel about tbe bridge, and asked him if he had settled with plaintiff about the road. Mr Dalziel stated that ho had not, and asked him if the road would be any benefit to him. He said it would if he required it. Dalziel then said, " Well, it's a d-7 — d shame ; we (or I) agreed with Ferguson that we would put up the bridge if he would give up the road." This con versa: tion took place four or five months before June, 1881. By Mr Brown : I never heard that the council had refused the bridge. ' To Mr O'Leary : The bridge was never erected. By Mr Brown : I cannot say that the road was given. This closed the plaintiff's case. Mr Brown contended that no evidence had been given to connect the council with the loss of grass by fire in February, 18S3. The evidence was very slight on the point; and there wa3 nothing in Hamilton's con tract to show that the council was liable for his actions. Mr Hodges contended that there w as no evidence to go to the jury on the second and third counts, which alleged that the fire was caused by negligence of tlie couu cil, and that the council had trespassed upon the plaintiff's laud for the purpose of lighting the Ore by which the injury was caused. His Honor said the contractor was en gaged in doing work the council was bound to do ; but lie did not think tbe duty of seeing that the posts were charred de volved upon the council. Mr Smyth pointed out that it was the duty of the council to see that the contract was completed on the I5th of December, before the hot weather set in, and also to see that their contractor did not light dangerous fires, for the purpose of charring posts en the groimd. His Honor : What is the evidence of the contractor having lighted this firo 1 Mr Smyth : We have the evidence of plaintiff,' who saw the posts set up ready for charring, and the evidence of the son, who said he could trace the fire from the spat where the posts were set up. His Honor said he thought there was some evidence, but very slight, that the fire that caused the damage was lighted by the contractor, and lie would read the evidence to the jury. He did not think the defendant council were liable for the action of the contractor, but rather that the contractor was to a certain extent liable. He'wouR, however, leave the matter to the jury. Mr Brown then opened the case for the council. William Hamilton stated that he was a contractor. Had a contract for fencing the road through Byrne's paddock. Com menced it in tho latter end of November, 18S0. Made slip-panels, and then pro ceeded to erect the fence. Recollect the. day of the fire. First saw it at two o'clock, when having dinner with a man working with him, who had since left the colony. Was coming out of a hut, in one of Ferguson's paddocks. The fire i wa3 to the right of the fence he was putting up, south of tho railway line. The fire when he got to the spot had nut reached the line of fence. The wind was baffling, and the fire was going round. Charred posts the day before, but not that day. Charred the posts during the time it was raining, between the two fences. Was charring posts for the lower line of fence. The fire was lit on the road. Left the fencing to go to dinner at one o'clock. Saw four men going towards Frank Mummery's crossing in the river, through the paddock. Ran up, and commenced beating out the fire, with others, and succeeded in putting it out. Reported the occurrence to Mr Dalziel the- next morning. Mr Ferguson had never any conversation with him (witness) about charring posts on the ground while he was doing the lower line. He (Ferguson) never said what he had stated he had. After charring the posts, put out the fire. There was very little grass about. By Mr Smyth: Ferguson said tlie fence belonged to him ; but he (witness) said it did not — it belonged to the couucil. Mr' Dalziel told him to be cautious of fite. Essam never cautioned him about light-' ing fires. Essam told witness that he (the latter) had caused the fires. William Fisher depo'sed that the "fire.in Ferguson's paddock occurred on the 19,th. January, 1879. He knew the date, fee?, cause his aunt, died the Saturday follow ing, in consequence of the fire. The track- through Byrne's paddock ceased to be used in 1881, in consequence of Ferguson having closed the fence. . The publio, crossed where the road was now, except in the centre. In June and July, 1881, the fence of Byrne's paddock was not cattle- proof, between Mr Essam's and Mr Ferguson's. In those months was about the paddock, and never saw any .cattle- there. Had seen logs down, for the Cattle- to go to water. . -' By Mr Smyth : Never saw a beast in" the paddock.- To Mr Hodges : There was a beaten, dray-track through the paddock. . .. Edmund Lodge, & contractor at. Bowman's Forest, stated that there was a-, track through- Byrne's paddock usijd "by; the public up 15 three years ago. Recoil lected.the. firqin Ihe paddock in the latter- end of 18/T8, or 1879." When the feftces were burned down thepublic used ajtrack-. nearly' the.=same as the present road. Did- .not see any .cattle in the paddock when' the fence was removed. The fence between Ferguson's and Essam's was not cattle- ' proof. - By Mr Smyth : Essam's fences . were bad at that time. I saw -no cattle iu Mr Ferguson's paddock when he closed the fence, in June or J uly, 1881. I saw cattle in the paddock on the day the fence was knocked down ; and I saw plaintiff's and strange cattle both inside and outside the paddock three days after. I wrote two letters to. the council about "the road through the paddock, and .am afraid I was the originator .of the row. about it. Alfixftiider- Stewart, clerk in the lands- offlge atJBi>i>c1W0r'k> produced the papers plaintiff b application for 220 acres of land, dated October 6th, 187G. He also produced plaintiffs application- for a lease, dated 18th D. cember, 1881, which applied to a portion of the land previously appliad for by the plaintiff. The opposition to the granting of plaintiffs application, for 220 acres, was not on the part of the council. The Mining Department ob jected to the granting of some "20 acres, on account of the supposed auriferous nature of Paddy's Gully, and the area was cut down to 123 acres. Plaintiff then applied for a leas6 for the area granted, but before the license was granted there wa3 some verbal opposition on the part of the council. That was when the survey was being made of tbe part not objected to by the Miuing De partment. The opposition of the council was withdrawn before the issue of the license. The couucil opposed the ap plication, on the ground that there was a road required on the land. By Mr Smyth : Tho documents I pro duce do not show any surveyed road through plaintiff's freehold land. The plaintiff 9 application under the 49th sec tion was nob granted. Peter Wilkie deposed that he was em ployed by" plaintiff to fence Byrne's pad dock in May, 1881. He remained with Mr Ferguson 18 months after that. The fence was opened about a fortnight after it was finished. There was no stock at all on the ground during that fortnight. Heard Ferguson say to his sou that he would put no stock there, but would give the grass a chance to grow. By Mr O'Leary : Am now working for Mr R. Thomson. There was no stock in the paddock when the fence was taken down by Muminery, nor for a considerable time after. Went to Ferguson's in the March before the fence was taken down. Fir3t went to the ground in dispute in April. John Wilson Morton, seeretary of the Beechworth United Shire Council, stated that the first intimation of the present ac tion or of any-olaim the council had waB by a letter of the 6th March last. Saw Mr Dalziel on Thursday morning, and he said he could not stand upon his feet-, and it was impossible for him to give evidence. By Mr Smyth : Mr Dalziel was on his verandah when I saw him, dressed and taking the sun and air. The seal was put on the document preduced on the 1st February last. Wn3 instructed in Octo ber by the standing counsel of the ceuncil (Mr Kerferd) to put -it on. Councillors Tanswell and Warner and other council lors were present. Councillor Allen (the president at that time) refused to sign the document. -He said if he signed it he would require (he date to. be . affixed. Councillor ..Fletcher also refused to sign the document, or to allow the seal to be affixed. The councillors who signed were aware of the refusal of the two others mentioned. The document was put in on behalf of the council against Ferguson'3 application at the arbitration. Exception was taken to the seal having been affixed when it was. To Mr Hodges : Councillors Allen and Fletcher refused to sign, as they were not councillors at the. time of the agreement. To His Honor : The seal was affixed, at the advice of the counsel, a3 it .was generally felt that Ferguson would repu diate the agreement. Mr Hodges put in copies of " The Ovens and Murray Advertiser," of the 15th and 22nd April last, containing notice of intention to take the land ; also copies of the ' ' Government Gazette," of the 6th April, containing such notice, and of the 28th July, confirming the order of the council to take the land. The court, at six o'clock, adjourned till 9.30 the -following morning. 