NEW YEAR'S DAY AT BEECH- WORTH. There is a revival of hor3eracing, as well as everything else, at Beechworth. This revival has commenced on a modest scale ; but it is likely, under the present management, to grow in importance and public interost. The present programme offers £125 in money, and as the Beech worth Amateur Club race under ami are subject to the V. R. C. rules, which reduce the entries for horses to five per cent., the entries so far are exceptionally- large, there boiog for the New Year's Day Handicap, of forty sovs., eleven nominations, and for the Town Platn, fifteen sovs., ten entries. The weights for the first will be foand in another column, and those for the Town Plate will be declared on the course after the Handi cap comes off. Acceptances for the H n ii- cap must be in the hands of the secretary by 11 o'clock on the morning of the races, bnt acceptances for the Plate need not necessarily be sent in until after the handicapping for that race has been made on the courFe. There has never been any question as to the management of horseracing in Beechworth, and the names of the president, the judge, the stewards, handicappers and starter are a sufficient guarantee that thehorseswillbe weighted, fairly sent away together, and their finishes: justly adjudicated upon. Nominations for all the races but those already named, except the CoDSolaiion, which is poBt entrance, must be received by tin- hon. Bee. at or before 8 o'clock on the evening of Monday, the 31s ... December instant ; weights will be declared at 11 o'clock the same night, and acceptances must be in half an houi before the advertised time of starting Several improvements have boen effected on the ground find- grandstand, and the interests of racing men, the public and ihe horses have been' carefnllv studied. If, therefore, the- weather holds out — and not only is lho clerk of the weather invariably-kind to Beechworth, but Mr Elleky is generpusjy prophetic — New- Year's Day at "Baarmutha Park ought to rival in the. numbers present the glorious crowd ..which adorned that romantic spot on Boxing Day. As on that occasion, there will be on this prizes on the gate entry tickets to the amount of £10. The special will leave Wangaratia at 7.55 a.m., returning from Beechworth to - Wangaratta at 7 . p.m ; and Myrtleford, leaving at 7.25 a.m., meeting the Wangaratia special "at Everton, and returning from Everton at 7.50 p.m. By the way, the department was rather hard on . the committee in their contract aa t.Q..a. guarantee, having demanded the Bame amonnt as on Boxing Day, which "Brought the depart - ment a clear .hundred pounds ; whil there is a risk of- rain, which woUT cost the" . department nothing, and th committee everything, . . Mr . Orr, th hon. secretary, however',' made the lies bargain he could, and will, no doubt with the help of his colleagues, make .a good thing of it, as well as a glorious day's sport. St. Joseph's School, Beechworth. — The programme of- the-concert in aid of the funds of the above school, on Tues day evening, appears in our advertising columns. As those who will take part include leading amateur musicians, we have no doubt the room will be crowded, and therefore would advise our readers to purchase their ticketB and attend early. A Novel Exhibition. — Three living wonders, in the shape of a magnetic lady and two dwarfs, are to he on exhibition at the corner of Ford and Church streets, Beechworth, this (Saturday), evening. The sights are, we believe, well worth seeing. Insurance. — Mr John L&scelles; else where notifies that he has been appointed agent at Beechworth for the Standard Fire and Marine Insurance Company and for the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society, and urgeB those who have not already done so to protect their property aTid provide for their wives and relatives by insuring -in thoBe old established socie ties. Pastoral Land in Benambra.— Mr Stirling, the land- officer stationed at Gmeo, has received instructions from the Minister of Lands to prepare a plan of the grazing lands in his district, classify sng them into four divisions according to -their varying quality. It is intended to deal with them under- a Byste'm Of leasing for a. term of seven or fourteen years, states the " Argus." . Before.jthis step can ha tekan- There will. have to be "special tegfelation..-, conferring the requisite power on the Government.' It is beh®v.e. that Iand"in the district of Benajmbra will ..be selected up to comparatively high altitudes, either under the preaent'Larjd Act or un der system by which' selectors will be granted leases of grazing blocks. Besides- the -mountain land, there is a vast area of of flat country between the jranges of the. most valuable-character atiU'open for eeleo- tloitf- - ; Fatal Accident. — A sad accident hap- pened in Beechworth on Friday afternoon, whereby a fine young man, eighteen years of age, named John Samuel Mateer, third son of Mr David Mateer, miner, of the One Mile, lost his life. He was driving a delivery- cart belonging to Mr Geo. Lyon, of the Spring Creek Brewery (in whose employ he was), down Church street at about a quarter to one o'clock, and when at the intersection of that street with L och street the horse swerved, throwing the driver on to the road, and one of the cart wheels passed over his body. A young lad named Martin was also in the cart, sitting at the back, and on Mateer being thrown out he jumped down, falling on his face and cutting his nose and right temple rather severely. The horse bolted down Loch street, towards the creek, and overturned the cart among some rocks, the animal being secured by Mr A. Kyle. The accident was witnessed by Mr H. McEvoy, landlord of the Harp of Erin Hotel, who, after calling Messrs D. M. O'Connor and T. Pattison to his assistance, went to where Mateer was lying, and raised his head. The unfortunate young fellow was alive, but unconscious, and was carried to the hospital, where the galvanic battery and other measures were resorted to restore consciousness, but without avail ; death taking place within an hour. Martin's wounds, which were but super- ficial, were dressed at the hospital. A magisterial inquiry was conducted at four o'clock by Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., who, after hearing the evidence (which is elsewhere reported), found that Mateer' s death had been caused by a fall from a cart. Much sympathy is felt for Mr Mateer and his family at the terribly sudden loss of his son, who was a fine, able-bodied young fellow, and a great favorite among his companions. A Runaway Prisoner. — On Thursday, while a couple of policemen were escorting a very simple-looking prisoner down Ford- Street, Beechworth, towards the lock-up, be paused for a moment at the Bank of New South Wales corner, and then started at a run down Camp-street, towards Loch- street. The sergeant in charge took his time ; but the constable took to the busi ness with great vigor, and although the escapee made splendid time to Wertheim's comer, lie was captured, after a smart chase, before reaching the library. Amateur Entertainment. — A concert in aid of the Beechworth No. 1 Fire4 Brigadefunds took plaeein the Oddfellows' Hall on Thursday evening. The audience was a numerous one, and the object for which the entertainment was given will be substantially benefited. Mrs R. Warren, jun., opened the programme with the pi inoforto solo, "'La Traviata," which was brilliantly rendered. Mr A. P. Rodgers, of Melbourne, sang " True to the La3t" in pleasing style. Mts3 Newson followed with the favorite song, " True till Death," which she gave with beautiful expression. Being encored, she sang " Some Day" charmingly, and was warmly applauded. Mr George Newsou's song, " Our Jack's come Home To-day," was well given, and also elicited a vociferous recall, when he sang "I Never Can Forget." Mrs Warren again delighted tho audience by singing " Mercy for Me," tho finished rendering of which was greatly appre ciated by lovers of high-class music. A very pleasant diversion was provided by Dr Deslion, with " parlor magic ;" some good tricks being very cleverly performed. After a brief interval, Mr J. Cunningham, jun., played in liis usual correct style a pianoforte solo ; being succeeded by Mi ll. Nelson, whose Dutch impersonations were excellent, and sent those present into roars of laughter. Mr C. .T. O'Sul- Iivau, in excellent voice, gave that fine old song, "Nil Desperaudum." Mr James Hamill was immense in his cha racter song and dance, "Where the Woodbine Twineth," and responded to a loudly expressed encore by a clog dance, iu first class otylo. The entertainment was concluded witn tho rarce entitled " Brown's Dog," in which Messrs G. Nor son, R. Nelson and A. P. Rodgers took part, and which provoked hearty and genuine amusement from start to finish. The ' 4 Old Boys' " Re-union. — The second annual gathering of former Beech worth schoolboys, which took place at Allen's Star Hotel on Wednesday evening, was a highly successful one. A sumptuous dinner was provided in Host Allen's best style, and a very pleasant night was spent in speech-making, singing and' recalling reminiscences of byegone schooldays ; Mr James Dunn, of Melbourne, occupying the chair. Owing to the length of our report, we have been compelled to hold it over until our Tuesday's issue. . Albury Police Court. — On Friday, before the P.M., Nicholas Busted, brought up for protection, was remanded to the hospital, as he was in a dying condition, suffering from cancer in the stomach. Building Society. — The annual meet ing of tlio Third Albury Building Society was held on Thursday evening. The report and balance-sheet were received and adopted, and the following office- oarers appointed-: — President, Mr Aber- :rombie ; treasurer, Mr Warden ; trustee, Tr Lamport ; committee, Messrs Frew, \\. Jackson, Watson, Davidson, Hodge and C. Jackson. Art-union. — The drawing in connection w h the art-union in aid of the funds of ths) St. Alphonsus Presbytery, Myrtleford, will take place on Wednesday, 2nd Janu ary. Cash and blocks of tickets must be sent in immediately to the Rev. Father O'Connor. Beechworth Volunteer Fire bri gade. — The following are the teams selected to represent the above brigade at Wangaratta on New Year's Day: — Double- hose Practice : 1st team — Captain McLean, Lieut. Cunningham and Firemen Weetman, D. Molloy, P. Molloy, T. Mol- loy, C. Morgan and F. Dunn ; 2nd team — Firemen Tozer, Spencer, O'Brien, Wil liams, Todd, Skidmore, Drenen and Phelan. Single- liose Practice : 1st team — Captain McLean, Lieut. Cunningham, and Firemen D. Molloy and F. Dunn ; 2nd team — Firemen J. Scott, Morgan; Nicholls and Babes ; 3rd team — Firemen Tozer, O'Brien, WilliamB and another. Albury Stock Market. — Messrs C. L. Griffith and C®. report : — We held our usual fortnightly sale to-day, in conse quence of Boxing Day falling on Wednes day, eur usual sale day. Owing to the holidays the attendance was much smaller than uBual, notwithstanding which we managed to effect a clearance. Cattle — 145 yarded, about two-hirds of which con sisted of inferior to medium beef ; nothing prime yarded. We sold drafts for Messrs J. M'Intosh, John Grieve, W. Dutchfleld, Jacob Mohr, John Hore, Andrew JHore, junr., and others, best cows to £5 10s, bullocks to £7, fat calves to £2 12s 6d, Blores at full rates. Sheep.— 600 yarded. We sold drafts for Messrs J. Lane, Maxwell, and A. Macvean, light wethers to 7s, store ewes 4s Od to 5s. 6s. Horses. — ?0 yarded, and nearly all sold at up to £14 for hacks. Watchnight Service. — The usual watchnight service will be held in the Wesleyan Church, _ Bjseohworth, at 11 o'clock on Monday Bight, being the last night of the yaajhi Boxing Day at Corowa. — The Boxing Day sports at Corowa in aid of the Border. BrassBand were a success. The programme was well carried out, and most of/the events were well contested, writes our correspondent. Tlio running high '-jamnf was won by a young man of the namfe" of Dwyer, who cleared li vs fsct eivht ifoches. The height was above the average fcbktit was the manner of jumping that Surprised everyone, being so light and easy. Dwyer was likewise successful in the/ hop-step- aud-juiup, clearing tliirty-eigjit feet. It was easy to be seen that.hej could have done a much Lager distance. The Chinese " go-as-you please';? caused much fun. One of the men kee.p it up well four times round the coursq-a distance of a mile. The clay was very hot ; but every one enjoyed the day' s sports. The enter tainment at the '.School of Arts in the eve" 'rig passed o'S well. The ladies and gei.--.-iien wore.well up in their parts in the drama, "Time Tries All." After an interval of ten minutes, Mrs and Miss East wick' gave a duct, " II Campanella" in a first- cltiss manner. The song "The Meeting/ ' by Miss Crock, was well ren dered. Mrs Boxshall presided at the piano, and with Miss Crock sang a duet, " Music." Tho latter young lady sang a Scotch song, and received a vociferous re call. Mr J. Raiuer gave a song and dance. It was this gentleman's first appearance in this district. He delighted the audience, and was loudly recalled. The evening's en tertainment concluded with a sketch en titled, " Looking for Lodgings," in which Mr A. VV. Harvey and Mr Rainer took part. Beechworth Police Court.— -At this uonrc on Friday, belore ivir W. la. Foster, P.M., George Collins was charged with unlawfully assaulting his' stepmother, Rebecca Scarbo'eugh, the previous clay. Mrs Scarborough stated that defendant at about 8.30 a. in. on Thursday went home and made u3e of veiy obscene language. He caught lier by the throat and nearly strangled her, and destroyed 15s worth of property. To accused : Remember striking you on the arm with a poker, in self-defence. Defendant stated that he had committed the assault in the heat of the moment, after receiving the blow from the poker. His Worship said that de fendant ought to be ashamed of himself, as a young man, to assault an old woman like his stepmother, who had been very kind to him. He would be fined £L0 — in default, two months' imprisonment — and would be further bound over to keep the peace, in a personal surety of £20, and another surety of the like amount. Robert Hopkins was charged with having on the 27th inst. used threatening language to Felix O'Conuor, landlord of the London Tavern Beechworth. Felix O'Connor stated that defendant came to his place the previous day, and threatened to smash his skull with a poker. Constable King deposed that the previous evening he received a message, asking him to go to last witness's hotel, as defendant had a poker (pro duced) in his hand, which he had taken from Wertheim's Hibernian Hotel, and was setting everyone at defiance, and threatening them. Defendant was arrested ny uonstaoie ngott. Uetenaant stated to the Bench that for the past three days he had been very ill, and was very much aunoyed on Thursday at the loss of a gold breastpin. He had been thrown by O'Connor out of his hotel, O'Connor had caught him by the neck, and did his best to break his (defendant's) neck. He did not deny the charge of making use of threatening language, but pleaded pro vocation. His Worship said that de fendant's arrest appeared to him to have been more an act of charity than a punishment for misconduct. He was not in a fit state to be discharged, and would be remanded till Monday. The court then adjourned. Fire near the Powder Magazine. — At about two o'cln«l.- r.n Wodncsday after noon Inspector Baber was informed by Mr J. P. Dal ion that a small bushfire was raging in the vicinity of the powder magazine at Beechworth. Mr Baber having given instructions to several con stables to proceed to the spot, wa3 driven thence by Mr Dalton, and the burning grass around the magazine walls was quickly beaten down. Although no im mediate danger was apprehended, to " make assurance doubly sure," a couple of constables were left to watch some logs which had caught fire, and to prevent the ignition of the grass a seccnd time, which they succeeded in doing. The fire is supposed to have originated from some person having thrown down a match, after lighting his pipe, among the long, dry grass. Fire at Beechworth. — At about half- past eleven o'clock on Wednesday morn ing a small weatherboard cottage iri Loch- street was destroyed by fire. The pre mises, which belonged to the estate of the late Dr Crawford, and were uninsured, were occupied by Mr John Hunter, car penter, who lost his furniture, clothing and tools, which he estimates as being worth between £16 and £18. The origin of the fire i3 mysterious ; and Mr Hunter' is of opinion that it was wilfully caused, as he left home about six o'clock, to ;do some work at Baarmutha Park, in connection with the refreshment booths arid fruit stands for the sports, having lighted cn fire, and did not return until the place was destroyed. The Butcher. — In our remarks in Tuesday's issue respecting the appearance of the business establishments in Beech worth on -Christmas Eve, . we omitted to mention the display of prime meat and batcher's small goods in the shop of Mr Fred. Naumann, of Camp-street, which was brilliantly lighted and decorated for the occasion. In Mr James Warner's shop was also to be seen some very fine beef and veal. The carcase of one cow (which was bred by Mr McCrae, of Oxley), when dressed, turned the scale at 680 lbs., and the beef was pronounced to be some of the finest ever seen in the town. The two carcases of veal were also of splendid quality. Mr Pitman's Successor. — It is rumored (says the "Geelong Advertiser") that Mr Bechervaise, the postmaster at Ballarat, is to be promoted to the vacant inspectorship, caused by the dismissal from the Government service of Mr Pitman. Should the promotion take place, as rumored. Mr Fisher, postmaster at Geelong, will be entitled, by seniority, to take charge of the post-office at Ballarat. Diseased Cattle. — After most of the gentlemen who attended the slaughtering of the diseased cattle at Brunswick on Saturday had left, Mr Cashmere, the meat inspector, weighed one of the diseased liverB and found that it turned the scalo at 731b., as against 131b., the weight of a healthy liver, says 'the 44 Telegraph." A healthy pair of lungs of a bullock weigh from 101b. to 121b. ; a pair belonging to one of the diseased cattle weighed GSlbs. Mr Cashmore, before leaving, also in spected the remaining supposed healthy cattle .in the yards, and judging from the distressed breathing of three of them that they were also in all probability diseased, he impounded them on suspicion, and gave orders that they should be killed on Thursday. Rutherglen Fire Brigade Bazaar. — Thf) bazaar iu aid of "the engine fund of t jeo Rutherglen Fire-brigade was opened vifn Saturday last, 22nd inst., in the store, .Main-street, formerly. occupied by the late Mr John Jacobs, and was well patronised, the fair stallholders "doing a very good business during the eveniug, both at tho stalls and in disposing v-ricus articles at lotteries. The bazaar was again opened on Monday evening (Christmas Eve), and a brisk bifiiness was carried ®n till near midnight. On Wednesday the bazaar was opened for an hour or two in the afternoon, but closed iu the evening, so a3 not to interfeie with the concert in aid of the funds ef the Ovens District Hospital. New Fire Engine. — The new fire engiue for the Rutherglen Fire- brigade, which arrived on Friday, is a first-class one, of American manufacture. The Commercial Hotel, Everton. — The application made by the executors of the estate of the late Mrs Ellen Kelly for a' license for the Comiriercial Hotel, Ever ton, was on Thursday granted, at Beechworth ; Mr W. fl. Foster, licensing stipendary magistrate and Mr G. Gammon, licensing magistrate, beiug on the Bench. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The list of subscriptions on behalf of the above institution collected during November, amounting to £54 53, appears elsewhere. Concert at Rutherglen. — A concert in aid of the funds of the Ovens Distric Hospital was held in the Town Hall, Rutherglen, on Boxing Night. The at- teudawce .was not in any way enual to that at preffins concerts held in tile town for the benefit of that grand institution. However, this may be attributed to thu counter attractions in thu immediate neighborhood. By tlio energetic efforts of Messrs Hunter, Reeve and Marshall, life-governors of the instiinti-jn, every thing was carried through successfully. Mr J. B. Smythe, the district singing- master, deserves great credit, not only for conducting the concert, but also for the great pains he took in tutoring the singers previously. The Messrs Schlue also played the dance music gratuitously, and the ladies and gentlemen who took part in the concert were all local ama teurs. The accompaniments were played by Mr Smyth. Miss Whitlock sang "Roses Underneath the Snow," and 44 Don't For get to Write to Me, Darling." This young lady has much improved since she last appeared on the amateur stage. Miss Ehret saug 44 Thy Face" and " The Little Ones at flonw." With a little more practice, she will make a good singer. Miss Rue was, as usual, quite up to tho mark, and in her rendering of " Ehren on the Rhine" quite brought down the house, also in the second part, "Turnham Toll," which was also well received. Miss Smith made her debut in " In the Gloaming" and "Speak, only Speak," and, for her first appearance in public, acquitted her self remarkably well. Mr Smyth sang "Alonzo, the Brave," and other songs, and it is needless to make any comment on the execution of them. The applause itoeorueu was auiuuiuin, proor mat ne was well received. Mr Henry Cooper, as usual, sang with great taste and feeling, andjiuany thanks are due to that gentleman for coming forward at the last moment to assist at the concert. Mr William Mar shall briefly thanked the audience for their attendance, and the ladies and gentlemen who had taken part iu carrying out the same, and after the singing of the National Anthem the hall was cleared, when a dance took place, and was carried into the small hours of the morning. At pre sent we are unable to say how much the coffers of the hospital will be replenished by the proceeds of the entertainment. The Pitman Case. — The charge against E. D. Pitman, of having committed an in decent assault with intent to' commit a felony ©n a young man named Mason, was iurcner investigated at cue uity folice Court, Melbourne, on Thursday afternoon, before Mr Call, iP.M, and the Bench of magistrates. The evidence was concluded, and the prisoner, acting under the advice of his counsel, declined to say anything, states the 44 Argus." He was then com mitted for trial to the next sitting of the Central Criminal Court, to be held at Melbourne on tho 15th February, 18S4; bail being accepted for his appearance. Mr C. A. Smyth conducted. the prosecu tion for the Crown, .and Mr Gillott. ap peared for the defence. . Trinity Church, Yackandandah. — a- successful bazaar and sale of gifts is being held this week in the Assembly Rooms, Yackandandah, on behalf of funds for repairing the church and parsonage- There has been a large attendance, especi ally on Boxing Day, and a considerable amount of business was done. ' At 3 p.m. on the day named the secretary (Coun cillor Jessop), in a few kindly remarks, called upon the incumbent to open the bazaar.- The Rev. J. A. White said he was desired by Mr Jessop, on behalf of the ladies committee, to open the bazaar, and most willingly acceded to the request. H e must shy that the ladies were to be con gratulated on the appearance of the st&ls;', arid on the number , of - valuable -.gifts gathered together, and offered for -sale. On some of the gifts great skill and lalfii'r had been ' expended, whilst others were simply marvels of taste and beauty. ' The' sale of gifts were organised to aid the- church repairs fund. When he came thep,- some five months ago, those repairs were urgently needed; but the Managing Com inittee had no funds, and, therefore, the work could not, at that time, be gorie on with. But the ladies saw that ..repairs were necessary — saw that it must be done — and they set about doing it with an. energy and ability most creditable to them, working one and all with willing hands and sympathetic hearts; He believed the fair stall-holders would easily dispose of their goods ; and he greatly mistook Yackandandah, if its commercial acumen did not seize the present chance, now that it wa3 offered. The warm thanks of the Managing Committee were due to. the ladies, who, led by their president, Mrs Mueller, had so successfully produced the largo collection of gifts there to be offered for sale. Thanks were also due to Mr JeS3op, who had been a most business like and indefatigable secretary to the movement. The following ladies, with their assistants, attended at the stalls : — Mesdames Mueller, Graham, Perrottet, Home, Mitchell, Campbell (Beechworth) and White ; Misses Perrottet (2), Dar- vall, Neil, Boyd, Robinson, Marshallsea, Beggs, Reddington, Mitchell and White. The bazaar will be continued this (Satur day) evening. Town Hall Reserve. — The following land is about to be permanentlv reserved as a site for a Town Hall : — Two roodB, county of Bogong, municipal district of. Rutherglen : Commencing at the inter section of the south' west side of Murray street and the north-west aide of High street ; bounded thence by the latter street; bearing S- 24 47 W two chains ; therise by allotment- ! , of section Q bear ing N. 65 13 ivPV chains. fifty links; thence by the Pqblip Park bearing N. 24 47 E. two chains ; and thence by Murray street aforesaid bearing" S.- 65 13. E:. two chains> fifty, links to \the" point of com- menceln6t& \ 7 T"- .7-'7;--V? w " The Benevolent Asylum. — The in mates of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum were regaled on Christmas Day with an extra dinner, consisting' of lamb, new potatoes, plum-pudding and ale,. A few were on leave visiting old acquaintances. In the morning the vice-president (Mr J. Ingram, J.P.) distributed Christmas cards to the inmates, expressing his kind wishes for their welfare ; and during the after noon many visitors attended, bringing little presents. The superintendent (Mr A. C. Fyfe) desires to acknowledge, with the thauks of the Committee of Manage ment, the receipt of the following gifts : — From Mrs Howe, two fare-quarters lamb ; from Mr A. A. Billson, a cask of ale, and from Mrs Robert McKenzie, jam and tomato sauce. Rutherglen State-school.— The chil dren attending the above school broke up for the Christmas holidays on Friday, 21st inst. Mr W. Booth, chairman of the board of advice, distributed the prizes for the past half-year, which consisted of books of an entertaining and useful character, some of which wore very handsomely bound. Before distributing the prizes some pieces were sung by the children in excellent style, and recitations were given by Masters McLennan and Herrin Short. Addresses were delivered by the head-teacher, Mr McNab, and by the Rev. E. Steggall and Mr Thos. Reeve .(correspondent). The chairman, after dis tributing the prizes, addressed a few words to the children, and stated his intention at the next distribution of prizes to prescn t a gold medal each to the boy and girl who should obtain the highest number of marks during the next half- year. llie announcement was recti reel witn acclamation by the children ; and after three cheers for their teachers and three more for the chairman and correspondent of the board of advice, the children separated in great glee. Oxley. — Our correspondent on Thurs day writes : Harvesting is being rapidly proceeded with on the plains, and in the surrounding districts. Labor is scarce, and with the threshing machine, the men have struck for an increase of pay from 6s to 7s a day. From the lightness of the crops, the farmers can ill afford the men this increase. Ihearfrom many experienced agriculturists thatl the wheat crop will not run three bags to the acre, and that the oat crop is poor in quality, as well as deficient in quantity. The Christmas here has passed over quietly. All hands have been too busy to make holiday. The season is now splendid, and seems settled for a continuance of fine harvesting weather. The hops are looking well, and the bines, having now nearly reached the top of the poles, are a pleasing sight, and afford hopes of a good return for the capital and labor invested. The Blue .Ribbon Army. — In conse quence of the holidays, the weekly meeting of the Blue Ribbon Army will be held on Wednesday evening next, instead of Mon day, in the schoolroom, Beechworth. Over a hundred and thirty persons have been enrolled, including juveniles. After Wed nesday it is expected the meetings will be lU'ici iii cne vjuCii6iiow3 xlcUi. jst strong and efficient choir is being organised, com posed entirely of persons who ha7e en rolled themselves as members of the army. It is expected that Mr Francis Murphy, the founder of the Blue Ribbon Army iu America, and Mr Booth, an evangelist, who, for the past few years has been-labor- itig for the same cause in England,, will arrive in the colony very shortly, and it is likely they will pay a visit to the principal centres of population. Buggy Accident. — As Masters Ohas. Dreyer, F. Ausell and Denis O'JBrisn on Tuesday afternoon were driving between Beechworth and Lake Kerferd, when descending the hill on the road near Deep Creek, the horse became 'uu>nan»goat;io & upset the buggy, throwing the occupants out. Master Dreyer was struck behind! the ear and stunned, besides beiug bruised about the leg3, but was otherwise unhurt. Master O'Brien escaped with a cut on the back of one of his hands ; but Master Ansell fared the worse of the three, sus taining a severe cut over the right eye and being much bruised about the body and legs. Dr Fox attended to young Ansell's injuries, and it will be some time before his patient, who is confined to his bed;, is fully recovered. 44 The.Illustrated Australian Nbws." — We have received a copy of the above publication for the 24th inst. The number is a double and exceptionally good- one,- containing a supplement illustrating:scones faniiliar at Christmastide, and a colored plate entitled 44 An Evening Stroll,!' show ing a young lady taking a walk, accom panied by her dog, through a wooded glade. Picnic at Lake Kerferd. — The aanual picnic; on the bank of Lake Kerfesd will take place on New Year's Day. A pro gramme of sports and, games of various kinds has been arranged, and an enjoyable day's- outing is looked forward to" by in tending visitors, who no doubt will be as numerous as on similar occasions. Rstepafers' Right to- Inspect- Cor porate Books.— At the Warragul- Police Court on Friday the magistrates.gave their decision in the- case of Biram. v-.Grei". Thu case was tried to test whether the .ratepayers have a right to see the- books of the shire any day, or only, en tho-day3 set 'apart by the council.5' The" plaintiff re- chested to see the books on Wednesday, Monday being the day set apart. His request was refused. The defendant was I fined 20s, with 23s costs. The next case j was exactly similar, but was dismissed,: . with £1 Is costs. The different decisions,- says the 44 Age" correspondent, caused much comment. . Stock Movements. — The following stock crossed at Wahgunyah on Wednes day : — 3SA store wether from Marfield, belonging to Messrs G. Fartiere and Co.,, travelling to Melbourne, consigned to. Messrs. James Turner and Son, Mr Arthue Tuck in charge ; 4,5701 store ewes, froca Mosgiel, belonging to Messrs C. J. Par sons and Co., travelling to Degamero, King River, consigned to the owners,, Mr John Keast in charge. Extraordinary Result of Transfusion of- Blood. — On Saturday night (says the " Stockton Independent," a Calisornian newspaper) Deputy-Sheriff Frank Moffatt, of Oakland, arrived with an insane patient, whose ca3o is one of the most extraordinary on record. The crazy man, Roger Williams, is about 28 years of age, tall, and ef extremely slender build. He is a graduate of an Eastern college of high re pute.. Overwork in his profession pros trated his strength, and feeling that coun try air and out- door work would be the best tonic for his shattered system, he went to work on a farm in the vicinity of Livermore. For a time he seemed to im prove, but after three or four months he gave evidences of pulmonary disease, and there was also a. wasting away of blood and tissue that left him almost a skeleton. A young medical student suggested that he would gain strength by it. The instru ments were secured, but no, one could be found who was willing to be bled on behalf of Ruger, and a oalf was suggested, as the blood supply; but finally it waa decided to aaorifioe a-cat," or a whole oolony of cats. The operation was perform id, the bloed being taken from a number of cats, and injected into the veins of Williams. The experiment was to -an extent successful. The man gained strength, and had hope of ultimate recovery, but soon he began to brood over the consequences of incorpora ting the blood of cats into his own system, and so heavily did it weigh upon his mincl that his friends feared for his sanity. He refused to go to bed, saying that he be lieved he was being transformed into a cat, and preferred to sleep on a rug before the fire. At night, when not asleep, he would wander about the house, jumpisg the garden fence until tired out, when he would climb to the roof and percli on the chimney. He sought the society of other" cats, and at intervals would try to fight with them. Valueless Bank Notes. — It is neces sary for hotelkeepers and others to be wary at the present time ef the bank notes tendered to them. Four young|men en tered an hotel in West Melbourne on Wednesday, says the 44 Age ; " and after being served with drinks, one of them tendered a £1 note, issued by the. defunct Provincial and Suburban Bank. The landlord was about to give the change, when a gentleman in the bar drew his at tention to the character of the note. The young man at once decamped, but can be identified. A week or so ago a number of the larrikin class was arrested, and the only money found upon him was one of these worthless notes, which he endeavored to conceal. 