OPENING OF THE WYCHEPROOF RAILWAY. (BY OUR OWN REPORTER.) Yestordny this event was celebrated by a banquet at Wychoproof township. A speoial train which left Sandhurst at 11.30 a.m., con voyed (besides a lurgo nuinbar of gentlemen from Melbourne interested in agriculture), tlio lion. Mr. Lovion, Minister of Minos and Agriculture, who represented tlio Government; tliB lions. ,T. At. Boll and Goo. Young, lnombors for tlio province in tho Legislative Conned; tho lions, Walter Madden and Richard Baker, Ms.L.A., for tho Wiinnioriv < 1 is - tricfc; Messrs. Thompson Moora and Hugh M'Col), Miindunmg ropresontativos; tlio lion, A. Maekny'and Mr. Orkney, Ms.L. A. At several <>f tlio principal stations along tho lino further pas sengers were picked up, and when Whychu proof was reached tho train, which consisted or six carriages, was crowded. On arrival at tho Wychoproof station a crowd of about 2,000 persons was assembled llioro, and tho advent of tho train was greeted with loud cheering. A very successful display had been made in the way of decoration, tho whole scene being a cay one. When Mr. Lovien aliglitoci from tlio carriage with the otlior Parliamentary representatives, Mr. l'\ Hewitt, the secretary of the opening celebration committee, on behalf of the cominittoo read the following: address:— "To the hou .1. l'\ Lovion, Minister of Agricul tnra. Sir,—On bohalf of tho residents of this oxtonsivo district wo bog to roturn our sincere thanks to tho Parliament of Victoria, for con structing a lino of railway to Mount Wychoproof, as it will provo a great boon to the selectors who have been compelled to cart their grain a distance 'of -10, and in sonio instances ovon GO miles to a market town. As a bountiful harvest is almost a certainty, the crops not having prosonted such a promising appearance for the past eight years, there can be no doubt that this railway will provo remunerative to the Government, as no loss than 2it parishes will act as feeders to the line. There fore in tho event of continued good seasons the lino will provo a blessing to tho farmers, and pay good interest on tlio capital expended in its con struction. In conclusion, on bohalf of the opening celebration committee, I bog to welcome you to the Mount, and to express their great pleasure in being enabled to entertain you at a banquet on this auspiciouH occasion," Mr. Lovion, in reply, tlmnko.l tho celebration committee for tho acknowledgment, and said that ho was curtain that anything tho Government could do to assist tlioso who had shown such commendable enterprise by settling in the country and not clustering around Melbourne, would be done, having, of courso, rogard for tho finances. Ho had great pleasure in being able to congratulate them on tho prospects of a bountiful harvest and the appearance of tho country. Ho must express himself pleased at the appearance of the country, and Jio trusted that the good seasons would continuo, so that thoy would liave a largo quantity of produce to send down by tho railway which had boon providod for them. It was then only his pleasing duty to declaro tlio railway opon. Cheers were then given for tho Government, which was followed by further cheering for tlie members for tho district, Messrs. W. Madden and Richard linker. Tho notable visitors wore then driven to tho top of Mount Wyciieproof, from which eminence an excellent view of tho surrounding country is obtained. * ThoChnrlton toMount Wychoproof railway is thu last soclionof the lino from Sandhurst, which was in cludedin the l'attorsonLght Line Railway Construc tion Bill, voted by Parliament in the early part of 1880\. Wychoproof is distant from Charlton sixteen miles, tho actual length of tho lino lining ! sixteen miles and forty- one chains, or ninety miles in a N.N.W. direction from Sandhurst. Tliosta tion site is conveniently selected, being a little to tho north-west of the town. Tho contract for the construction of tho section was let to Messrs. l3. I Leslie and Co., tho price being JM2,4712s. 8d., ami tho contract was signed on tiio 15th of May, 1882, but operations were not commenced until after tho completion of the ICorong Vale to Charlton, which was also constructed by Messrs. Leslie and Co., principally because some difficulty had arisen in connection with the delivery of rails. Tho lino for the first, three miles after leaving Charlton runs through hilly country, but after that distance is traversed plains which aro at the present time covored either with grass or crop* are mot with. Between the slightly undulating hills, which are invariably situated on tho eastern sido of tho lino, there aro somo very richly grassed flats, and long stretching plains running almost directly north which appeared to bo all under crop. Tho ap pearance of the vegetation on all sides was most encouraging, tho crops in overy instance being well forward, and apparently strong and healthy. Tho engineering diflioultios in connection with the construction of tlio lino were not many, tlio only heavy work being the embankments, which have had to lie carried along the greater portion of tho length of the lino. In tho formation of these between 223,000 and 250,000 cubic yards of ballast havo boon used. '.Clio only wator courso of any note which has boon crossed is tho Avoca Kivor, which is met with immediately after leaving Charlton. A large bridge, having 11 openings of lfift. each has been provided. This structure has an appearance of groat substantiality, it being eventually necossary to make tho bridgo a strong one, owing to the force of tho flood waters which periodically come down tho Avoca. After proceeding for about thrco miles, tho river is again soon, tho railway boing at ono spot carried along its western bank. It was for the aamo purpose deemed necossary to {raise tho embankments for tho most part of tho distance tho lino occupies, and thoro aro 21 bridges on tho lino, none of which, however, aro of largo dimensions, with, -of course, tho exception of that ovor tho Avoca. , Thoro aro throo intermediate stations—the first at Teddwaddy, five miles from Charlton; tho socond at Glenloth, nine miles; and tlio third at Bungooluko, 12 miles from Charlton. Tho popula tion at oacli of of these placos is not sufficient to warrant tl:o erection of very large buildings, but it is tho intontinn of tho department to mako thom as commodious as tho occasion domands. Temporary structures aro at prosont called into use, but.tho approaches,platforms, and other neces saries aro in a forward state. Tho town of Wychoproof contains several substantial buildings which are, or appear to bo, of comparatively recent orection. The township is almost imme diately undornoath tho wostorn Bido of Mount Wychoproof, an ominonce of no groat altitude, but roiuarkablo from tho fact that it is tho furthest elevated ground to tho north-west for many hundreds of miles. Tyrrell Creole, which flows in the immense lake boaringthatnamo, and is situated somo mile3 north of Wychoproof, has its sourco near Wychoproof. This watercourse is not a largo sufficient to create a deposit of any dimensions in tho bed of Lake Tyrrell, which has been comparatively dry within tho memory of tlio earliest settlors in tho Wimmera district. A visitor to Wychoproof would, owing to tho pro minence which has boon (jivon to this district through tho prevalenco of wild dogs, rabbits, and tho impenetrable malleo, naturally expect to bo landed in tho midst of this scrub, but in this rospect a visitor must admit that ho is agreeably disappointed. Tho country in tho immediate vicinity of tlio township is composed of frequently occurring plains and light timbored forests. Tho malleo scourge asserts itself somo distance to tlio north-west of tho town, but as its limits aro fringed by tho holdings of tho hardy selectors, tho rabbits and tho dingo havo only short journeys to mako to commit their do predations. Between Korong Vale and Charlton there are, however, sevoral largo blocks of mallee country. By some who were passengers by tho special train yestorday, it was their first experience of mallee, and its appearance to them quite bore out all that has been said of the storility of tho country, which is so unfortunato aa to be inflicted with tho scourge which has been so aptly termed " tho haunt of tho rabbit and tho dingo. Very littlo idoa of tho vast extent and density of the scrubnorthof Wychoproof, howevor, can boobtained by what was seen yestorday. Betwoen Charlton and Korong Vale it has been considerably reduced by a series of bushfires. Although fiorco thus havo buruod tho malice, tho roots it have sprung with renewed vigor, and now appear to be in a fair way to become as dense as before. Tho oct currenco of lightly timbered country and grassy plains is a pleasant relief, and it was most satis factory to find that tho country immediately sur rounding Wychoproof was of that description. Tlio advantages which tho construction of tho railway line will confer aro unquestionably many, and its necessity and tho boneficial results which will follow tho ovont wero rcforrcd to at length by tho various speakers at tho banquot reported here under. This district has been very largely settled upon by men of tho right stamp, and thoro is no doubt but, should a succession of favorable sea sons eventuate, tho cost of tho construction of tho lino will be well on tho way towards liquida tion. With rogard to tho traffic on tho lino at present, it is stated that tho demand for mining timber is so great that all availablo rolling-stock has been called into requisition to convoy the timber from Kurting and Glenalbion. When tlio harvest season is completed the traffic will' bo, it is said, considerably more that the most sanguine liopft fiir';' but it was stated yesterday to the farmers that tho Railway department have no less than thirty spiiro locomotives ready for tho emer gency on this lino and others. Tho town, just previous to tho holding of tho banquot, presented a very animated appearance. A triumphial arch was orected under which tho procession, after leaving tho station, passed, headed by the Charlton Brass Band.' THE BANQUET. ' When the visitors returned, after making an ascent of the mount, a largo marquee was repaired to, in which an excellent dinner was laid out by J Mr. J. Milburn, of Sandhurst', who was assisted by Mr. J. M'Leod aud an army of waiters. Upwards of 150 gentlemen sat down at the tables, tho chair being occupied by Mr. P. Phillips, president of the St. Arnand shire. He was sup ported on his right by the hqn. Mr. Levien, and on his loft by Mr. Madden. After the loyal toasts had been most enthusiasti cally drunk the chairman rose to propose that of "TheMinistry." He took occasion to compli ment the present Government for the active and energetic manner in which they had pushed on practical legislation.^ (Hear, hoar.) There was ono important question which thev had settled. That was the Malice Bill. (Hear, licar.) It was a piece of legislation which had been urgoutly needed for a long time, and the fact of it having beui passed by the Assembly was a matter for general congratulation. There were somo clauses contained in the present measure, which, it was considered were not as good as they might be. Tho most important was that referring to the B blocks. Had the tenure in that instance been extended to ten or fifteen years ho was certain that tho bill would be generally regarded as perfect, but taking all circumstances into consideration, they had pushed the measure forward with 'com mendable alacrity, and deserved tho thanks of the farmers in tli'o localities effected. They had also 1 voted the sum of £100,000 towards the construction of worUs fov the conservation of water. (tlear, hour, and a voice : "Tt should have boon hull a million.") llo hud no hesitation in saying Unit tho fanners of the district wore heartfelt in their thanka for the construction of the lino. (Hour, hoar.) . . . . Mr. Levion in rising to respond, said that liolmu experienced very groat pleasuro when coming aloiur tho lino to see tho country looking ho won dorfully well. Ho was told that tho present pros pects warranted them in looking forward to the coming season ns Vicing tho most bountiful thoy had had for many yearn. lie was certain that a j good season wasnovor moro needed, anel ho hopod th.Voit would ho tho means of restoring conlidonco in the hearts of tho farmers of tho district, and of bringing a largo amount of money amongst them. Ho thanked Urn proposer of the toast for the very kind manner in which ho has referred In the present Government. Thero wjis no doubt but that tho people of tho country were most loyal, ami tho enthusiasm which they displayed was to n »?reat extent duo to tho fact t hat they recog nised tho Ministry us the representatives of the Queen» It was gratifying us an evidence of loyalty Lhat tho toast was always enthusiastically responded to, and it might in tho present instance he accepted as a compliment to tho Government, as evidencing tho fact that they are endeavoring to do all thoy could to promoto tho interest* of tho peoplo of the colony. Tho making of railways, subsidising water schemes, and performance of other works was almost taking tho people's business out of their own hands. It was well to find that «vt tho present time the toast of tho Ministry was cordially received, because it was not at all times that n Ministry en joyed tho conlidonco of tho people, but ho would go so far n enjoy that confidence. (Hear, hear.) With re ference to the Malice Bill it was only tho circum stances of the hour which permitted it to psiss. Legislation on this point had been needed for 11 long time, find Mr. Madden—(loud applause)—if circumstances hud povuutteu, would while Minister of Lands liavo placed it on tho Statute Boole, (ljoud applause). When tho bill came on as one of the measures in stituted by the present Government there were difficulties to contend with, and ho was certain that tiio bill 011 any other linos than those sub mitted would not have gone through, lie could hardly claim tho credit which the chairman had aceoriled the government for distributing the £100,000 for water conservation purposes. Cer tainly they distributed it, but tlio late Govern ment, had placed it on tho estimates, and it was re voted bv the present Parliament. It was impossible tor any Government to exist which did not recognise the claims of the peoplo living m tho country. Llo trusted that the probleni of con serving and utilising the water which had hitherto been allowed to run to waste would bo solved to tho j furthest extent. Nothing but trial and oxpononco tion of water will stimnlato farmers to^go further in their endeavors to conserve it. Thero is no knowing how far, and to what extent, water may be found under ground, and ho felt sure that it would be found in tho most arid countries in sufficient quantities for the purposes of irrigation. The presont Government desired to do good work, anil with tlio assistance of Parliament and tho country they would 110 doubt accomplish it. llo thought that the fact of tho amalgamation of tho two groat parlies of tho Houso — tho Liberal and the Conservative — was a guar antee that the Government would be en abled to do some good work. JIo thought ho was justilied in saying that the work which had been dono was attributable to tho amalgamation of parties, and that if tho two great parties wore separated thoy would not liavo been alilo to have placed them on tho Statute book. lie trustod that they would liavo many prosperous seasons; and in expressing his earnest hope for that fact ho was only echoing tho feeling which was held by tho Government and by tho peoplo of Melbourne generally. llo hoped that thoy would send millions' of bags of wlioat down to Molbourno. (Hear, hear.) Tho only difficulty thoy would liavo to contend against would bo freight. (A. voice: "Roduce it to ono penny.") 1 luring tho rccoss it would ho his oarnost oudoavor to visit Wyclioproof and other portions of tho country to see how lie could advance tho agricultural jn terests by establishing a sehemo for tho promotion of a system of scientific education, by which farmers who, owing to their antecedents and other circumstances, liavo been unable to carry on ope rations as prolitablv as they might, may bo litted to do so. (Cheers.) All tlie farmers wautod was energy and a little capital, and if thoy porsovored, and met with tho assistance of liberal Govern ment, and good seasons, thero was no doubt but that tho country would luako its mark in tho pre sont ago. (Chaors.) Mr. K. 1\ M. Margotts proposed tho toast of ' Parliament." Ho said that tho X'arliainont of Victoria was represented by first-class men, which was not to bo wondered at when thoy looked around tho present gathering, which was an illus tration of what practical won thoy had to clioso Mr. .T, M. Boll responded on bn.half of tho Uppor Houso. Ho said that tho country had already had evidence that tho Uppor Houso was prepared to do good work. Thoy had already passed good measures. There was tho Railway Bill, tho Bills of Exchange Bill,'tho Publio Service Bill, tho Malleo Bill and others. Tho most cordial rela tions existed between tho two branches of tho legislature, which ho hoped _ would bo long sustained. Tho union of parties in the Legis lative Assembly had been productive of very good results, and measuros which had been too long delayed had been brought forward and measures which the Governments of late years did not submit to Parliament, because thoy fairly thought that owing to tho disunion that oxisted they would bo defeated. Ho tirinly bolioved that moro practical legislation would bo elfocted during tho presont session than has boon passed for a very long tiuio. Three of tho most important moasines, namely, tho Malleo Bill, tho Management of Railways Bill, and tho Public Servico Bill, had been passed. Tho last one was not of tho least im portance of tho threo. It provided a means of doing away with tho evil of political patronage, and ho was suro that it was not made law boforo it was needed. Ho thought that the Upper Houso would not hesitata to pass all measures which csrae before them, providing that they were good onos. (Cheors.) With regard to the railway lino to Wyclioproof, bo thought that it would justify its construction. Tho lion. Geo. Young, M.L.C., also responded. IIo referred to the advancement which had becu mado in tho district, and tho prospects of a bounti ful harvest. , , . , , . Mr. Walter Madden was received with loud and continuous applauso. Ho thanked them for tho warm reception which tliey had accorded him, which ho assured thom ho thoroughly ap preciated. Ho expressed himself gratified at tho completion of tlio railway to Wyclioproof. No one know bettor than ho did what tho comple tion of that line meant. (Applanso.) He hoped that now they had secured tho railway that tho railways of tho colony would pay interest on tho money expended in their construction in order that tlio Govornniont would be onablcd to reduce tho chargo for freight. Ho would liko to see tho freight of grain reduced to Id per ton per nnlo. Thero was 110 doubt Uiat tho Wycheproof lino would pay moro than tho interest of tho money expended. There wore othor measures which tliey urgently nooded, a Water Supply Bill and a liberal Land Bill; and ho trusted that tho Govern ment would do something in that direction. Much could bo dono with tlio Walor Supply Lill. Already £100,000 had been expended for that purpose, and ho was glad that tho Govern ment had rovoted that amount. There was also the malleo question. (Cheers.) In tho bill just brought forward a farmer, no matter whether 10 had seloeted undor tho Land Act of 180!) will bo enabled to tako up from 2,000 to 5,000 acres at a nominal ront. (Cheers.) That was a good thing for tho farmors in such a district as ho represented and othor districts, and ho trusted that a continued run of prosperity as tho prosont season portended would bo bestowed on them. Mr. Madden then referred to tho manner in which tlio banquet had been laid out, as showing tho energy and stability of tho peoplo of tho dlMr?Riehavd Bakor also responded. Ho advo cated the passage of a Tramway Bill for shiro councils, it may, he stated, be considered a small thing, blithe could assure them that it would revolutionise fanning. He felt certain that shire councils would make tramways; winch could be made to act as feeders to tho lilies of railway alread;' constructed, and farmors would then not bo under tho necessity of going to the Government for rail ways If tramways were constructed in connec tion with the Wycheproof railway he was cortam that it would be mado tho best paying line 111 the colony. Mr. Bakor thon referred to tho necessity of soino urgent means being used to further exter minate the rabbits and wild dogs. Thoy would havo to deal with the question with earnestness, and ho trusted that the Government would tako it up be fore tho adjournment of tho House for tho recess. (Applause.) They must, however, try to holp themselves as much as possiblo, but thoy should as well impress on the Government the urgent neces sity for prompt action. With regard to the water conservation quostion, he advocated that the Minister of Agriculturo should send up tlio dia mond drills to bore tho arid' country for water, which has been proved to exist at great depths in tho malleo. He would like to see the railway ex tended to Wontworth, which, he felt sure would bo soon found to bo a necessary proceeding. With plenty of wateV tho North- Western portion of tho country would bo made the finest in Aus tralia. Mr. .Tas. Sunderland proposed tho toast of tho " Municipal bodies," which was responded to by Mr. Margotts, of tho St. Arnaud Shiro Council, and Mr. Bastow, Mayor of Inglewood. Both speakors roforred to the important part winch local bodies took in tho administration of public "airs. Mr. J. O'Connor proposed "The Agricultural and Pastoral Intorests." He spoke at some length on the promised prosperity of the district, which ho considered was nearly insured on the establishment of railway connection. Mr. J. Price responded in a stirring speech, m which lie impressed on tho visitors the importance of tho district, and urged that they should want for nothing in tho way of legislation to assist them. „ „ , Air. J. P. Weston proposed Success to Wycheproof," which was responded to by Mr. Foreman. Tho othor toasts set down wore The con tractors," to be proposed by Mr. J . Leslie; ''Com mercial interests," to be proposed bv Mr. 1 roctor aud to bo responded to by Mr. T. Morrow; but owing to the lateness of tho evening the visitors were compelled to leave. ^ . The special train left at seven p.m., arriving m Sandhurst twenty minutes after midnight. The Appointment of Citv Ixspkctor.—At a special mcctinr of tho council yesterday afternoon Scrzeant Fahey was appointed city inspector, in spector ofnuisanccs, etc., in place of Sub-inspeCvor Webb, who has been removed to Bairnsdale. At the ordinary meeting of tho council a letter was read from tho Maryborough council, testifying to tho efficiency displayed by Sergeant these capacities during the sixteen years that ho had filled them in that borough. 