MEMORABILLIA, 1882. The following is a record of the principal events of the pastyear : — JANUARY 2nd (Monday). Secular New Year's Day. General holidav. Races on the East Park Lands and the Morphettyille Courses ; regatta at Port Adelaide ; military sports at Kensington; cricket on the Oval, &c;, &c.; 5th. Address presented to Dr. Short, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, in the Town Hall prior to his departure for England. 12th. The first pile of Largs Bay Jetty driven by Mr. W. Everard, Chairman of the Largs Bay Company. 13th. The first case of smallpox broke out among the passengers of the Garonne in qua rantine on Torrens Island. 16th. Foundation-stone of the Brompton Salvation Army Church laid. 18th. Intense heat, 111-8' in the shade, 180° in the sun — highest on record. 18th. Ninth Annual Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church opened in the Pirie-street Chapel; Rev. R. S. Casely elected President for the ensuing year. 18th. Extensive bush fire at Mount Craw ford, extending to Tungkillo. Much property destroyed. 30th. The Minister of Education (Hon. J. L. Parsons), Professor Tate, and Messrs. Bright, Furner, and Bagster, members of the House of Assembly, sailed on an expedition to the Northern Territory. (Returned April 13. ) FEBRUARY 5th. New Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, opened for Divine worship. 8th. The German corvette war steamer Carola, 2,169 tons, 2,100-horsepower, Guido Karcher, commander, arrived. 14th. The marriage of Miss L. C. Jervois, second daughterof His Excellency Sir William Jervois, with the Rev. William Purey-Cust, celebrated in St. Peter's Cathedral. 20th. The officers of the German warship Carola entertained at a water fete on the Torrens Lake, given by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., Mayor of Adelaide. 26th. The Russian warships Afrika, Plastoun, and Vestnik arrived at Holdfast Bay. MARCH 1st. The Admiral and officers of the Russian squadron entertained at a picnic given by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., Mayor of Adelaide, at Mount Lofty. 1st and 2nd. Annual Show of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society held at the Exhibition Building and Grounds. 7th. Special meeting of the Diocesan Synod to consider the appointment of a successor of Dr. Short to the See of Adelaide. Resolved that appointment be delegated to the Arch bishop of Canterbury, a number of other Bishops to assist in the selection. 7th. Crowded and enthusiastic meeting in the Town Hall. Resolution passed expres sive of abhorrence at the attempt of McLean on the Queen's life March 2. 9th. First concert of the Mendelssohn Quintet Club in the Town Hall. 12th. Destructive fire at Marshall & Co. 's. linen-drapers, &c;, Rundle-street. Estimated loss of property from £70,000 to £80,000. 18th. St. Patrick's Day celebrated by a fete at the Exhibition Building and Grounds. 22nd. Public meeting in the Town Hall Re freshment-room on behalf of distressed farmers. Committee appointed to raise sub scriptions for supplying them with seed wheat. [Several thousand pounds raised.] 23rd— 25th. Destructive bush fires on the Finniss Plains, Port Elliot, Goolwa, Wel lington, Bremir Plains, Milang, Callington, Echunga, Meadows, Bull's Creek, &c; Ex tensive damage done to farm property. 23rd. Information received on the hoax played upon the Melbourne Age re the in- vasion of the Russians. APRIL 3rd. Annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission commenced in the Brougham-place Chapel, North Adelaide. 5th. Annual commencement and formal opening by His Excellency Sir William Jervois of the University Buildings, North terrace. 10th. Easter Monday. General holiday. Caledonian gathering on the Adelaide OvaL Picnic in aid of the Catholic Orphanage at the Exhibition Grounds. Various other amusements in town and country. 11th. H.M.S. Diamond, 1,070 tons, 2.150 horsepower, 12 guns, Captain A, T. Dale, arrived from Albany. 12th, H.M.S. Espiegle, 1,137 tons, 1,140 horsepower, Captain Cyprian A. G. Bridge, arrived from Albany. 17th. The Aurora Australis visible in the Northern and South-Eastern Districts. 22nd. A waterspout visible for twenty minutes near the head of Spencer's Gulf, at about 11 a.m. 25th. Mr. W. T. Sheppard, Auditor General, died suddenly at his office. 29th. Wilson's Combination Hippodrome, Circus, and Menagerie opened at Port Ade- laide. MAY 1st. Foundation-stone of Archer -street Wesleyan Church Lecture Hall and Class rooms laid by Mr. W. H. Sharland. 6th. Autumn Meeting of the S.A. Jockey Club held on the Morphettville Course. 8th. James Barker, Dr. Hortcon, and Dr. Morrison sentenced by the Supreme Court to imprisonment for terms of four, two, and one year respectively, with hard labour, for con spiring to defraud the Australian Mutual Provident and Alliance Life Insurance Socie- ties. [W. Forsyth was subsequently sen tenced to two years' imprisonment in connec tion with the same frauds.] 9th. Annual session of the Diocesan Synod opened in St. Peter's Cathedral. 11th and 13th. Autumn Meeting of the S.A. Jockey Club held on the Morphettville Coarse. 15th. Fourteen candidates for the Legis lative Council nominated under the amended Constitution Act of 1881 (See May 29.) 17th. The Great Northern Railway exten sion to Government Gums formally opened by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. Banquet given at Quorn at the public's expense to nearly 300 guests. 20th. The Blinman Mine reopened. 21st. Church of Our Lady of the Rosary opened at Stirling East by the Rev. Father Prendergast. 24th. Queen's Birthday celebrated as a public holiday. Levie at Government House. Review of the V.M. Force on the Park Lands. Races on the Old Adelaide Course, &c.; 24th. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) invested with the gold Mayoral chain, and presented with the silver mace. 29th. Six additional members of the Legis lative Council elected by the whole colony voting as one district. The polling was as follows : — Murray ., .. 8,762 Miller .. .. 4,925 Salom .. .. 8,115 Wigley .. ..4,807 English .. .. 7,214 Harvey .. .. 4,169 Hay.. .. 6,332 Simms .... 4,075 Clyde .... 5728 Madge .. ? .. 4.037 Cotton .. .. 5,519 Ridgeway.. .. 3,888 Coglin .. .. 6,450 Grainger .. .. 2,816 JUNE 1st. Second session of the tenth Parlia ment opened by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. . 8th. Accident on the Glenelg Railway at the South-road Crossing. A teamster named William Griggs sustained very serious in juries, from the effect of which he died June 16\. Three of his horses killed. l5 th.Mr. Rowlands Rees elected member for Onkaparinga, vice Mr. F. E. H. W. Krichauff. Poll :— Rees, 388; King, 356; Dr. Deane, 106; Sellar,8. 16th. Complimentary dinner given to the Ministry at Kadina in recognition of their promptitude in relieving the recent water famine on the Peninsula. 19th. The Adelaide Young Men's Society's Art Loan Exhibition opened in the Town Hall by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. 19th. Intercolonial Six Days' Bicycle Tour nament for the championship of Australia commenced near the City Market. 20th. Queen's Accession celebrated as a public holiday. 21st. Presentation of a service of plate made to Mr. S. Davenport at Government House, in recognition of his services to the colony as Commissioner at the London, Philadelphia, Sydney, and Melbourne Inter national Exhibitions. JULY> 2nd. Foundation-stone of All Saints' Church, Port Augusta, laid by Dr. Reynolds, R.C., Bishop of Adelaide. 9th, Port Pirie Church consecrated by Bishop Reynolds. . 12th. First telegraphic intelligence received in Adelaide of the bombardment ofAlexan dria by the British. 14th. Miss Lucinda Blackham's first con cert given in the Town HalL 22nd. Mr. C. S. Hare died suddenly at Pine street east, aged 74. 28th. Mr. Archibald Forbes gave his first lecture on 'The Internal life of a War Correspondent' in the Town Hall. August. 5th and 7th, Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the A.R.C held on the Old Adelaide Course. 7th. Public holiday in commemoration of the Duke of Edinburgh's birthday. 15th. Mr. Joseph Cook, 'the Boston Lecturer,' delivered his first lecture in the Town Hall Subject- "Does Death end all?' 21st. First appearance of Simonsen's Italian and English Opera Company at the Theatre RoyaL 29th. Public meeting in St. Xavier's Hall. Resolutions passed affirming that the faith of Catholic children had been interfered with while they were under the charge of the Destitute Board, and that Parliament be petitioned for an enquiry into the allegations. September. 1st. Reduced scale of passenger fares on the Government Railways brought into opera- tion. 1st. Eight-hours Demonstration held at the Exhibition Grounds. 1st. Madame Kate Thayer ' first concert given in the Town Hall. 7th, Splendid comet first seen towards the east in the morning before daybreak. 7th. Large meeting in the Town Hall, pro testing against the erection of the new Par liament Houses at the corner of North-terrace and King William-road. 11th to 15th. Annual matches of the Rifle Volunteer Force held at the Smithfield Ranges. 13th and 14th. Agricultural and Horticul tural Society's Annual Show of live stock, fruit, vegetables, flowers, &c;, at the Exhibi tion Grounds. 16th. Spring Meeting of the S. A J.C held on the Morphettville Course. 18th. Earthshock felt at Adelaide and suburbs at 4.30 p.m. 24th. Corner-stone of the Wakefield- street House of Mercy laid by Dr. Reynolds, R.C. Bishop of Adelaide. 25th. Annual meetings of the Baptist Asso ciation commenced. 28th. Foundation-stone of Norwood new Town Hall laid by Mr. T. Caterer, Mayor of the municipality. 29th. Big blast of stone at the Glen Osmond Quarry Company's Works: 10,750 lb. of ex plosives employed, and at least 60,000 tons of stone removed. OCTOBER. 2nd. The Aurora Australis visible in all the Australian colonies. 5th. The National Picture Gallery opened to the public. 14th. Telegraph cable laid between Edith burgh and Troubridge Lighthouse. 14th. Foundation-stone of Crafers Institute laid. 24th. Mr. E. Cook, M.P., representative of the electoral district of Flinders, resigned his seat in the House of Assembly. 25th. Mr. William Townsend, M.P., died, aged 61. 31st Mr.L. L. Furner, member for Wal laroo, appointed Chairman of Committees, vice Mr. W.Townsend, deceased. NOVEMBER. 3rd. Public Schools Floricultural and In dustrial Exhibition opened iu the Town Hall by His Excellency the Governor. 4th. Disturbance in Rundle-Street re the Early-closing Movement. 5th. Extensive bush-fire broke out near Quorn, extending over ten miles of country. 6th. Adelaide to Walkerville Tramway opened. 9th. Prince of Wales's Birthday. General holiday. 9th. Gawler Exhibition Building opened by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. 9th. Mayor's annual banquet in the Town Hall. About 600 present. 10th. Strike of about 1,000 labourers on the Nairne Railway. 10th and 11th. Cricket match on the Oval between Hon. Ivo Bligh's team of eleven English players and fifteen South Australian players. Score : — First innings, English players, 153; South Australians, 128 for 7 wickets. 11th. Christopher Renderup murdered during the night at the house of Patrick Magree, Hamley Bridge. [Mr. and Mrs. Magree were afterwards condemned to death for the murder.] 12th. The Sacrament of Confirmation ad ministered to about 400 young persons by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide in the Church of St. Ignatius, Norwood. 13th. Mr. T. King elected without opposi tion for the electoral district of Sturt, vice Mr. W. Townsend deceased. 16th. Market Gardeners' first annual picnic held at the Grange. Procession of vehicles two miles long. 17th. Parliament prorogued by His Excellency Sir William Jervois, who shortly afterwards received news of his appointment to New Zealand. 17th. From 600 to 700 lumpers struck for wages at Port Adelaide. 25th. A purse of 200 sovereigns presented to Mr. Matthew Burnett, the temperance missionary, on his departure from the colony. 28th. The Torrens Lake Rotunda formally opened by Mr. E. T. Smith, Mayor of Ade laide, DECEMBER. 1st. Municipal elections. Mr. Alderman Fuller elected Mayor of Adelaide (poll Alderman Fuller, 1,492 votes; Hon. W. C. Buik, M.L.C., 1,076 votes). 1st. H.M.S.S. Nelson, 7,320 tons, 6,610 horsepower, arrived from Melbourne, fol lowed a day or two later by the Miranda. 1st. Mr. P. B. Coglin elected as the repre sentative of the District of Flinders, vice Mr. C. Cooke, resigned. 2nd. Full-length portrait of Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., Mayor of Adelaide, presented to him at the Town Hall,and by him to the City Council. 8th, 9th, and 11th. Cricket match on the Oval between the Australian Eleven and fifteen local players. Not played out. 14th. Annual meeting of the South Aus tralian Bible Society held in the Stow Memorial Hall. 15th. Picnic given at the Grange by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., to 3,000 children attend ing the City Public Schools. 20th. Bazaar opened in the Town Hall in aid of the North Adelaide Congregational Church. A game of chess played with living pieces in appropriate costume. 25th. Christmas Day. Public holiday. Special religious service in the morning held in the Town Hall. 'Tne Messiah' performed in the Town Hall by the Philharmonic Society in the evening. 26th. Largs Bay annual regatta and sports. 28th. Independent Order of Oddfellows annual demonstration held on the Exhibition Grounds. 28th. Anniversary Day. Public holiday. Regatta, various other sports, fireworks, &c;, at Glenelg. Attendance, about 25,000. 31st. Laying foundation-Stone of Roman. Catholic Church at Thebarton; by Dr. Rey nolds. ? 