The atrocities of ths orgEmsation cf morder bj Irishmen multiply, thoogh league treasurers levant with implicating docaments, and alter the usual denials of complicity in the bloody buEtneES their organisatioa fostere. Egan in New York, Pabnell in New York, as fmissaries of the same treasonable aims, and the Redxoxd brothers in Australia as collectors of moneys in sid of the organisation, will all deny the red bond of association, aad will give the lie very bold'y to ths damning facts of outrage which gather about the history of their nefarious operations. They all have a glib facility of denial, Gat the common sense of the world looks at the actual evi dence disclosed in the track of tnarcer and destruction of property which marks the conree of the agitation sustained by the funds of the Irish league, and judgment is passed by the reason of untainted communities upon the men who plead the felon plea of " innocent as Eew-lx>rn babes," \rhilst the reek of hot. acd innocent blood is over all their paih. The latest doings of the innocents is a dynaciite explosion at the offices of the local Government Board, near Downing street, London; and although no deaths are yet reported, and there should be cone to report, the murderous aim remains, and the crime is none the less because actual destruction of human life was not inclnded in the oatrsgo. "Whether or not the latest deed of the enemies of the Qneen's peace was caused by a desire to revenge the rejection of Mr Fabkell's proposed amendment to the Irish Land Ac!, matters bat little to the public, nor to as in this remote pcovince of the empire. The deed speaks for itself, and proclaims its affinity with the designed and organised war against the established institutions of the land and against the public peace and safety.' This is the element in the business which comes home to as here as a loyal and peaceable outpost; of tha empire, and reads to as once more the moral involved in the mission to these colonies ol the &EDH0SD; brothers as egente and defenders of the parent leagne, under whose auspices the assassination of innocent men, women, and children has been perpetrated over and over again. The doctrines preached by the leagne have suggested and instigated these outrages; and it is given in evidence that die members of the league have not only given aid-and comfort to the morderera, bat that thero has been a cool formulating of assassination* combined with spoken treason against the Queen's Government. This thing still goes on, though nnder greater difficulties since the disclosures made by some of the blood-stained tools of the organisation. Balked a little at head- quarters in the work of bipod and treason, the organisation has sent out some of its leaders and agents as missionaries to Australia and the United States!, for the purpose of collecting more moneys for the war, and for kindling anew ihe firea of hate and active opporition against the Queen's authority In Ireland. Thess purposes are,'of course, boldly- denied, just as complicity in the assassinations and other outrages in Ireland and elsewhere have been denied; but, as we have said, these additions of mendacity to murder do not avail with die reason of untainted peoples. Season and loyalty judge the men and their leagne by the fraits which are produced, and no oaths and asseverations of repudiation of complicity weigh a feather's weight in face lof the :*ed marks by which the operations of the _ league are hacked In the' history of the last , year or two of Irish agitationl There is no counter organisation by the agitators to disconntenance and afreet the course of formidated^citirder and ontniga There is no .c&fnest.; and] honest effort made to keep the agitation within ibe Una of either loyalty-.or respect for human life, and yet in face «f all those positive and negative facts, the'RsDMOKD brothers fend others haveiheimpudenoetogo among peaceable sod loyal' people outside ths United 'Kingdom aad aid in tm tbe operations of -die lri^i L»nd JjBBgneT Tims pever'vu so reat an insult offered to the loyjil nhaintRiitB of Unw colonies w tbe tnisioti. of; -the Bedxokd brothers, and . die continuing violence of the parent! organisation was accurately, chough, less bloodily^ depicted in " the recent riot in Sydney, when loyal men assembled there to protest ajniinst the Sednokd mission of red-handed treason egainst the QcEen's peace a± heme. Bnt that the riot in Sydney was less bloody, was only an accident cf the time. The same cpirit c-f violence end outrage was there, bnt overmastered by the superior force, of loyal and pssce-preserving men. We put it to tbe people, and the authorities of this and every other of these colonies, whether it is not the duty of the Governments cf these loyal colonies to intervene by an efficient pFofaibition*«f the public advocacy here of an organisation which is now oa its trial for multiplied assassination and overt acts of treason against .the State to which these communities are attached by the bonds cf amity, of loyalty, of kinship and sympathy ? Are we to have imported here the fends, and hates, and treason and murderous plottings of Irish agitation 1 "Why, the very attempt to levy money and sympathy here in aid of euch things is treason against these Australian coramniiuies, whose loyal neutrality bsfore the doings of " Head Centres," " dumber Ones,™ and all the rest of the blood-stained abominations of Irish treason is outraged by the presence here of the emissaries of snch an organisation. We are not responsible for either Irish wrongs or Irish outrages, acd whilst we are ready to sympathise with all wronged people, and to desire the righting of all wrongs, we hold as enemies of an Australian unity and of Australian loyalty and peace all those who seek to revive in oar midst the enmities and the disloyalty which have sank Irish agitation to the level of £assian Nihilism and Parisian Socialism. As a foreign State at peace with Great Britain we shc-uld owe it to ourselves and to the power with which we were at peace to prohibit the levying of the means of war against that power. How much more, then, are we bound to discountenance Each measures in relation to a State of which we are a part, and to which we are allied by the closest lies of relationship. But the RedmOxd mission -is one stained with innocent blood, and branded with overt treason, and how can'the Governments of these allied and loyal colonies tolerate euch a mission within their several jorisdictionst The most noticeable feature in the Ehare market last week was the fall which occurred in a few of the leading Kingston dividend-paying stocke, after the improvement noted during the previous week, bat this depression was due mora to the fact of some large holders being desirous of realising than to any anticipated reductioninth&yields; or dividends at present. A counterbalancing element, however, was the rise in Loaghlin's and West Eistori, consequent on a bore pat np from the north-eastern drive in the former claim proving very good washdirt, the advance in Lord Harry shares, and the increaseddemand for a few other stocks, induced by better prospects at the various mines. Beyers of Band and Albion Consols showed more animation than for some -time past, for after a few parcels had been picked up'at 31s and 30a 63, sales were made to 37s Gd, buyers at 37s being unsupplied. North, Band and Barton had a falling market tc Sj 6i sellers, without declared buyers^ but New Grescent "had several transactions &t; lOd end lid. Serjeant's Freehold also changed hands at 3s 6d, and there were buyers of Smith's United at 2s 6cL Bud of Hope Quartz stocks did not improve upon late ruling rates, No. 4 being the ooly one of the group with business at 3s Gd. There was nothing doing in either Wilson's; Washington, or New Koh-i-Noor, bnt a few parcels of City of Bal'arat shares were placed at the closs of tbe market at 4s and 4s Cd. A report.from the manager of the Egertoa mine, that good stone would probably be opened in a few weeks at the 660 feet level of the Sister Rose shaft, tended to firm that company's shares from 26s to 383, bnt the higher prices were to some extent forced by a few time-sellers bong compelled to obtain shares for delivery, and the "demand having been supplied, the price eased apun to SOi at the close of business. The Parker's United Company having reduced the number of working hands at the mine, holders of shares gradually eased, and sales were made On Saturday down, to fs lOd. It is gratifying to learn, however, that the curtailment of operations is only temporary, and that the full com- plement 6f men will shortly be on the mine again. JEgerton No. 1 had business st Is 3d, and Summer Hill at 6d to I0J,-bnt other stocks in this district were neglected. A fairly active business was transacted ia some Of the - Kingston mines' early in the week, but the market for high-priced shares was rather nervous, and opening prices were .sustained only in ono or t wo instances. Madame Berry commenced on Monday -with recorded sales at £17 12a, and eased to £15 a parcel of 100 being placed at tbe latter figure—but £15 5s was given at the close of the market" Lone Hand fell away on the week's transactions from £11 17s 6d to £11 2a; and Bistori dropped from 74s to 62s." On the other hand: Lqughlin'a. increased! in value from 70s to 8Gs.on Monday, and theneased to 77s on Wednesday, bntrose again to 863 bn Saturday. Lord Harry also became stronger, as between 64s 6d and 71s. _ Australasian stocks were fairly firm, bat there was no business in any of the Hepburn gnrap, -sellers of Consols offering i*t 18s 6d, Hepburn Estate Leasehold at 10s Gd, and Home Paddock at 74s whed die market dosed. Berry Consols, on Monday, rose from 95s to 39s, bat a Bteady decline titen set in to 89s Cd. Berry No.1: eased fasm 22s 4>d to 19s 3d, and Berry Consols Extended from 30s to 25s.; Earl Beaconsfield changed hands at 6s •6d and 6s 9d; and Davies' Junction, after sales at 8s were wanted at 9a, none offering. under 12s. Smeaton I Company became weaker, with sellers | at JJs, and, Spring .HiULand Central Leads had .aales at 16s to ; 18a 3d. New I>3Uiur*-faad « still lower market on Saturday,-, with- Bdlets at 3s. Bote and Down&* were enquired for, consequent on tbe prospects, at the mine; but then were no shares in tiie market, and it was difficnlt to-obtun -quotations. Amongst Beaufort Btbcks,1x>th Hobart f^asha and -Waterloo well • supported,/the former having buyers at' 20s"6d and 21s ex dir., and tin Utter being quitted at gs 3d. New Disdimxy had also had offers at 9s 6d. Duke, Timor, were placed at 67s and 68s, and buyers of New North Hom^bush were more numerous at 15s to 16s, owing to the successful bottoming of the iron shaft. The New Exrng Meng having strack payable gold in the eastern drive, sales of eh ares were made from 4s 9d to 5s 5(1, the market closing with buyers at 5s ; no eellere in the market. Maxwell's had a run also from 24s G-i to 3"2a 6J, bnt at the finish of business paid-up shares had exchange at 30s. In Dunolly stocks, Queen's Birthday had reduced sellers at £5 10s, and Sydenham were wanted at 2a 9d. Lack's Quartz eased from 12s Cd to lis 6d, with buyers at the latter figure. Th« following dividends have been declared: —New Bendigo Quartz, Cd per share; Dote, Is per share; Hobart Pasha, Is 6d per share: Roya! Saxon, Is per share; Dasoza Freehold, 3d per share. The comparative yields for the periods stated are as below:— Aosinlwiaa.. Bl±ckl£<&se..; City BaScat Lone Hand .. Loof&lia; LrtaeKTuii&cT; Msdazoe^Ben? JTew DiesoT«r7 XevSuae Msag .. Ke» \ictorift Ftema.. Befonn ' .. .. RoteI Ssxcm BaeeeoEBK, Htddoa Smsftton Ikmt Lad .. Welsioo Taad«t -Jouctlan OfiiTsbrosik Uafted.. Ei^Iehasfc Allisnce GaMea A^e. Saytbes Lock's Qisrtz Ifev Kab4-Kaor .. New North Cbnei.. No. 2 Bind of Hope No. t Band of Hope Xfrw IlrtOdigi OiKKn'e Birthday .. &oot;& Climes Scoith'i Unite! SammerBtll.. Wilwc'e Freeholi .. Ex^ribition Ko. 1 (60 tons^ !Lut -wee£. Wert-before oz dirt gr i or. dvt gr 339 is o sn II 0 £10 0 '. 71 O O — i t 10 161 1 143 0 O * O . 3G4 10 0 0 : 110 o o let 10 o ; si 17 0 ist is o til 0 Ol 17« 14 0 : Ill IS \- 7 3 113 10 si * o MS O O S 3 4SS 17 0 9! 113 TJ : 0 US T O o • — a « oi «W 17 ' 475 1 as is 0 ] £1 S 67 IS 96 16 Last Foriskfat fmUlIgliL before. 11 0 0 SI 30 0 U2« a 12 m 0 o 110 0 0 35 is 0 ISO o o 13? 15 II £83 I 0 M 13 0 S10 13 0 79 1 12 10 17 0 6MI 0 so S O Cfjtra, Arcberet <37 tocu) Va'^Becf (£3t«u): sei 0 O a li 0 Ymrag Bind Extended <300 tons) Wash lift up Cuitem (15D tons) .. .. CO 0 € Ci 6 0 X-Jciinatiana for the Ministerial elect ions closed oa Saturday, at sir o'clock, and we learn, by telegram, that the Hon. James Service (Premier), Graham Berry (Chief •Secretary): Dcncas Gillies (Micister of Eii! : ways), J. F. Lerien (Minister of Mices). A. L- Tucker (Minister of lAods), acd G. B. Kerferd (Attorney ^Genera!), have br-en retaraed without opposition. Mr Deakin (Coaunissioiacr of Pablic Works) will be opposed by Sir Bryan O' Log hlcn, and Mr Ling-' ridge (Coismisei«ier of Customs) Ufee an opponent :n Mr H'Keaa at Colling wood; bat it is poeuble that, seeing ths hopelessness of his cnanccs, ths latter gentleman will retire before clccticn day. The R.M.S. Anstralia arrived at Adelaide at two p.m. yesterday, acd was appointed to call at midnight for -Melbourne. Mr B=rry is announced to address tbe electors of Geelong this evenisg in the mechanics' institute. . The folioving are the arrangements cf the Port aad Telegraph Department for tbe Easter holidays. Oa Good Friday, the 23rd instant, the offieej wiil be closed to tbe public, and mails usually despatched on Fridays will be made up on the prerioas evening. Mails will be received, aad enclosed mails forwarded as ustfal. Oa Saturday the ofScee will be opened and poet acd telt-gcepli bosiaesa transacted as asnal. On Monday,, the 26th instant, tbe post ciace delivery windows will be opened from -nine to ten a.in., and the first delivery by tbe letter-carriers will be effected. Mails irillbe despatched acd received as usa&L; The telegraph offices will be opened from hail-past eight to ten a.m., and from six to seven p.m. On Tuesday the ordinary cauree of basiness wi!I be resumed. The Rev. J. W. Iiiglis was slightly improved in baalth yesterday, bat was, of coarse, quite unable to condnct tbe nenal eervicee at St. John's. Fnesbyterian Cbnreh. The Kev. Mr Mnir, of Melbourne, preached in his etead to fair congregations. Tberedisd on Saturday at the Creswick Hospital, a Mr Richard Joll, who was one of the oldest Freemasons in Victoria, his certificate dating back into the time of the reign of William IV. The deceased, who was seventy- three years of age when he died, lived for nearly twenty-eight years in Sulky Gaily, snd latterly, owing to hie failing health, he had been maintained by some of the members of the Masonic fraternity, who knew of his ctrcamBtances. About a fortnight ago he went into the Crcswick Hospital, to receive the benefit of Dr Tremearue'a treatment, as he was suffering from jiundice. His'recovery was considered impossible, however, and he died at .the time mentioned. Before he cams to this colony be was a shipwright, and fast es he was dying bo said to one who stood beside b£m—"Is ebe a sailer or a steamer f " We're on the laud now !" said the watcher. "Are "weT" replied the man, "then we'll scoa be home!" Ashe spoke he dosed h:3 eyes, ana shortly afterwards be died. His remains were yesterday interred in the Cron'yicfc Cemetery, and Brs Ba'rtfln, Wheeler, and Brown, of the Tarawa toe W.M., J.W.. and LG. of tbe Orion Lodge, with other brethren, attended the /uneraL A young woman named Pope is charged with taking "her son, William Pope, "aged four and a half years, {ram the caetody of Mrs Ann Bernard, a widow, residing in Eureka street, with whom the child was " boarded out" from the Industrial School. It is alleged that the accused enticed the child away from the Kuxeka street State school, where it had been Bent by its fostermother. It is reported to tbe police that a shoplifter carried away some inexpensive goods bom in front of the drapery store cf Mr S. Marian, in Bridge street, on Saturday morning. A bush-fire broke out on Sunday morning last near Smythesdale. on tbe western side of the creek, and the fire, aided by the hot wind which waa blowing all day, soon came very near to the houses of Messrs Murphy and Madden, bnt as the bush haa-been pretty well cleared around those dwellings, the tire 4s- not likely to do any serious damage. ~ There ia a probability, we hear, of .tbe grand champion plonghiug match bung held in tbe Ballatat' district during tbe coming season, nuder "tho auspices of the BdUrat Agricultm^l Sixaely. .Tie - matter wifl -be disbnseed &t; the next n to be beld next month. One of the largest transactions in mining scrip entered into -for eome time paat waa that between Mr R MiUard, tbe wdl-known sharebrofcer, and Mr Ejobort Orr; the former having sold to the latter, on Friday evening. 100 Madame Berty at £15 caah, 500 Histori at £3 cash; and 500 Lone Hand at £1010«— "absolute delivery at rii months from date; making a total in all of £S250. Mr J. C. Thomson, P.M., held a magisterial enquiry at the Hospital on Saturday into the circumstance* connected with the death of Wafiam Carr, who was frightfully mutilated in- a threshing machine at Mr Maloney's farm, at Wallace town, oa Thursday afternoon. A verdict' of accidental death, cauaed by injniy to the leg and ehock to the system, waa returned. i . . It will he remembered that about a mouth ago eome cheques sent by Mr Neil .Maguire, ol Smytbndale, were auppoaed to have been' lost in truait through the post; bot tn Sstnriiy' lut the letter containing the Cheques was ntarned! &om; tbe dead letter office, as It had beenv directed to Allendale, instead of VaDarafc M ' i - Afnan fiamed JoMphJSMea, who left tbe Benevolent - Asylum a few days tat, was •rrosted yesterday • snoming in i Victoria atreefc by Oonstablea gtallatd andTrainor; ou a charge of lunacy. - Sladen, abont tagft e'doA is the morning, wan ottrved " hold' iog fortt" from the balcony of a Bridge fitruet hotel, and he.waa iodncsd to Ian. SahRfuaSy word was aest to the polioe by a Victoria atreat publican that m Isutii wu in (be lecality, and aUhn, vho presen unmistakable ayisptomr of insanity, partatisg of tbe natare of religions mania, was arrested and taken to the loci-up. At tbe operative lakers' meeting on Saterday last, it was ausouBcei? that all the jsaster fakira had signed the circolin unconditionally, as per requisition, with the exception of Mr Lemp and M»~ G. Ssiitl;, who still adhere to their protest. It was announced that Mr Haymes' i» a nos-eociety shop, snd that MrSiebert has two men working in bis establishment who are not ia tbe society. It was resolved to get tJie copyrights printed at once to distribute to those shops which are giving the hours, wage, and overtime as agreed cpoc, and also if those: employers wbo have eicued the circulars do ! cot pay the overtime as they have agreed to, tbey would be included in the noa-aociety programme. It was also reeolved to call npon the public of Ballarattobe tue arbitrators, pointing out tbat the operative^ programme is a maximam of tec boms p=r day, for & minimum of £2 103 per week, anything over ten hours to be paid for as overtime at a rate of Is 3d foremen, and second hasds Is p?r hour. Next week an appeal would be made to the. •public with hand-lulls, setting forth everything in connection witb the movement, witb the names of master bakers who refnse to adhere to the rules of the Operative Bakers' Society of Victoria. A bush fire broke out at the northern base of Moont Wanenheip on Saturday evening, hat was coon subdued. A very gratifying presentation was recently made to Mr B_ Stewart^ farmer, of Buxiamiw, by the residents of that place cm the eve of his departure for New £ug!aud. A banquet was given in hiB honor by the residents of Burramine, and durisg the eveniog Mr Stewart was presented with a valuable gold hunting watch, bearing the inscription—"Presented to Robert Stewart by his Veirawonga friends, 7th March, IBS3." Mr Steirazt was also tbe recipient, on behalf of Mrs Stewart, of a handsome gold brooch. General regret was expressed by the gentlemen who spoke after tbe banquet_ at Mr Stewart's departure from that district, and all expressed the hope that his new undertaking would prove a successful one. Mr Stewart is one of tbe firm of Stewart Brothers, o! Learmonth, and for seventeen years he iived at Learmonth, having been one of the earliest settlers in tbat district. The employes of the Ball erat Woollen Company, wita their wives and friends, to the nnmber of about 159, held a very enjoyable picnic st tbe Botanical Gardens on Saturday. The picnickers started from the mill in buses at half-past eight in the morning, arriving at the scene of toe cay's pleasuring before the heat of thedsyhad eet in, and from' tbat time until the time "fixed for departure one and all entered heartily into the n-ml holiday games. The event which caused the most fun of the day was the sea-horse race; the water being warm enough to make it also enjoyable eport for those engaged in the contest. Toe eteamer Ballarat was engaged part of tbe day for the pleasureeeekei?, while numbers availed themselves cf rowing boats, .by which tbe smooth surface of the water was quite dotted towards dusk. A-t twelve" snd S»-e o'clock respectively the picnickers eat down to weil-loaded tables; Mr M'lveszie, of Bridge street, acting as caterer in a Btyle that left nothing to be desired by the hungry ones. About dusk buses were again remounted, and ths party arrived home safely, no accident having occurred to mar the general enj&yment.; On Saturday last tenders were opened for improvements at the agricultural show yards. Ballaraf North, acd that of Mtscrs Irving, Glover, and Co. was accepted fc-r £463. The improvements comprise a new fe:.ce on the south side of the reserve, a new coltaee for the caretaker, and over thirty new horsebores, Tfce woris are to be completed by July nest. There were other three tenders received, two e£ which ran tbe lowest tenderers somewhat closely. The members of the sub- committee present were Messrs Bath (hoa. treasurer), Brazenor (hon. architect), and S. Morrison (secretary). Things (not necessarily liquors) got a little bit mixed in a ccrtain hotel in Armstrong street yesterday morning early. A weli-kacwn fanner from Cardigan slept in a room at the bore], having retired somewhat obfuscated, and early in tbe morning he had the agreeable experience of being turned out of bsd by somebody who argued so convincingly as to make him believe he had gone to bed in the wrong room. Then he sought ronnd for the right room. Mr Pickwick, when the elderly spinster promptly locked her bedroom door as he, apologising for his intrusion, humbly slipped out into the passage, was iu ss bad a plight fcs ever. This lodger.had similar lack. He went restlessly up aod down passages, that, like temptations, led him to no good. At last, in desperation, he entered the room in which, unknown to him, the landlord slept. Such a time they had! The landlord thought he had a burg?ar, and the lodger concluded he bad raised Gehenna. tVe did not hear who beat, but one cf the pair was given in charge for assault, and the bright, inspirirg beams of the gladdening morumg sun tipped the cornice of tbe hotel with a golden sheen as the constable walked away with one clement of the discord, and a deepening calm filled the landlord's room as tbe other constituent dived into " Blanket bay." The St Patrick's Day Festival committee desire to acknowledge with thanks a coach and four horsea from Mr M'Phoe, which took the band to Bungaree. Mr D. Slater, member H.A.C.B.S. Ko. 2, gave £0 for Members' Knee. The manager, Mr D. Brophy, J.P., paid away on Saturday thirty-seven cheques in liquidation of pedestrians' prize-mocey. Winners not present had their cbequca forwarded by post. This was satisfactory and expedition*. Captain James Butler collected £10 5s 9J on behalf of the Orphan Asylum children. The Railway Department has. completed the special time-table for tbe Volunteer encampmeat which is to be held at Qaeecscliff on Sister Monday. On Thursday next the Cseswick cavaliy, Bjllarat cavsliy, BilUrat infsntiy, officers' horaea, and Carisbrook cavalry will be conveyed to Queens diff. On the following day the infantiy from Clones, Crcswick,-ai:d Btllarai will be tiken down. Special trainB wilt be used for their conveyance. \- Mr Samuel Vinee, whs has for some time been acting as assistant operator and messenger at the Smythesdale post and telegraph ofilcc, has been rather unexpectedly removed to Charlton, and leaves Smythesdale for that office to-day (Moaday). Mr Vince'a removal will be generally regretted at Smythesdale, where his ccurtesy and obliging disposition has gained Mm manv friends. A very pleasant evening was spent on TbniBday night, at the Orpheus Hall, Raglan street, when a fruit soiree took place in connection with tbe Ballarat City Lodge I.O.G.T. There waa a very large attendance. A programme of songs, recitations. &c.;, was gone through, and at intervals fruit was handed round. Mr J. B. Gray, D.D.', occupied tbe chair, and the following took part in tbe programme:—Mibspb Sainabury and Johnston (pianists), and Messrs J. 1>. Gxay, B- Gray. ' Koss, Williams, Pitt, and Misses Johnitoc* Goodlet, and Gray.', • During an interval the chairman presented to 8rS HrWyatt, phohasbeea treaeJrer of the lodge for .nine yeaiS,* an electro-jilated teapot jiud butter-aiah (supplied by tho Hard ware Compuy'J, in appreciation of iha long and. valnable^senrioes. The chfiraati accompanied the presentation with a "fim complimentary retiizrks, and Br Wyatt returned thanks at some length. A epeciai meeting of the Smythesdale Birough Councal was held on Friday evening last to appoint a town clerk, bat as owing to tbe sickness of -two members and the absence of two others^tbere waa only a bare quorum present, tha meeting was adjourned until Wednesday evening next. - From later University results, we are informed that the following is the -complete list of successful students of Greuville Col-, lege-z — Matriculation, William Freeman* {private pupil); first year arts, J. 8. Wasley and John Martyn; first year LL.B., William Hewitson. Past pupils—Third year! arts. J. Maiden; second year laws, 3. M. ESnlaysoo; , fiIth year medi<ane, C. Hedley and li. B. Bimington.; The BaUarat -Public library sports, at the Eistera Oval, oa £a>ter Monday, promoe to eclipse all previous events of the sort in former years by the large number of surd competitions. One of thesa Mil probaUy be a "bowling match" in the usual style adopted u the game of cricket^ in which oat of, say, twenty or thirty balls, the cricketer u*no can bowl over the wicket the largest number of times, wins the prise. Mr Gardiner, of the' Pavilion hotels .is also to the fore with his usual en):etprise, and 'lias imtiated tbo novelty known as a baby, ted •how, which mU ia ^U pnsbability prove tacit suceessful. In his arrangements for pab.'ic refreshment he has decided to hare' bansk^ds instead of barmen as heretofore^ The pleamng eeremocy of dittribating teriao Saboath schools took^lace on Friday j echoslr diatribnt^d the tKXiks, ccuiberiiig 123 in all, to tbe successful scholars, and explained the method of giving marks at tbe ^saiterly written examioatione; -end also congratulated the scholars generally oa tbeir progress and attention to school duties curing the year. Messrs Caselli and Higgarat, J.P., presided at tbe City Police Court oc Saturday and dealt wilb four drunkarns. Three of these were discharged, and tbe other was fined 5s. The final heat for Commodore Moneys tropby was sailed at the lake on Saturday, the Fifing Scud winning, with the Pinafore second, and tbe Viola third. As the Viola wanted one point only to win, it secures the trophy. The Bev. M. S. A- L~.oncy preached yesday in the Alfred Hall, morning theme, " Divine telegraphy;" evening subject, "My caadle." The Town lock-up was tenanted by five persons last night—four males and a female; all coming nnder the head of what are vulgarly termed "drunks.*' A very pleasant evennis was spent on Saturday by a few of Mr John Jones' friends, wbo gathered to wish him ban voyage, en the occasion of his departure for Burope. Mr John Gray occupied tbe chair. The chairman proposed the health of the guest, to which that gentleman suitably responded; after which the usual toasts were proposed and responded to. - Tbe proceedings were enlivened by ••strcmectal and vocal music. "Altogether, a very pleasant few hours were spent. A melon weighing 101 pounds, grown at St. Paul's paiBonaee, was seen at Mr Bettridge's, fruiterer, Victoria street, on Saturday, X&ree; hundred cabinet photographs of "Lights o' Loudon " characters will be given away to- night at the Academy of Music, fifty to the firEt ladies patronising the pit, and the remainder to tbe first ladies visiting the stalls and dress circle. The presentation is as a ecurtnir of Miss Essie Jenyns' first benefit, which takes place to-nigbt, and tbe play chosen ia that favorite romantic one, " logomar," in the title role of which Mr W. J. Uolloway has made a name for himself. Miss Jenyns will appear as Partbema, the Greek maiden, and we hnpe that her unceasisir efforts to please the 'Ballarat public will meet with a substantial, recognition at their hands by a crowded house. We are informed that the company make their last appearance here on Easter Monday. Samples of tha-pictures to be given away to-night may be sees to-day in the windows of Messrs Sutton, Harrison, B. Bide, F. Smith, and X*ang, Renaie, and Co. Sfats may be reserved to-day at Mr J. Harrison's. We have received from the composer, M r F. A. Pearson, "Love's Greeting Mazurka," arranged for the piano. The music is rhythmical, and quite equal to the' author's previous compositions. Messrs W. H. Glen and Cx, Melbourne, are the publishers. The marine insurance business of tbe Australia Felix lusuncce Company has been transferred to the United Australian Mutual Fire and Marine Insurance Company. Tbe underwriting in tbe marine branch has been a paying concern to the late company. Csptain .Tames Butler lias presented to I'ae Ballerat Ojureing Club, through Mr B. Hepburn, a plate value £10 10a, to be ran for during this season. The inmates at the Benevolent Asylum bst week numbered 201. and the recipients of out-door relief were 370 adults and 334 children. Mr Norman Wilson, of TrawalU, through Mr B. Hepburn, has presented the B&llarat; Coursing Club with a liberal donation towards the funds of tbe clsb. We have received Is from " A friaid'" towards the Biley family relief fund. During the past week 117 in-door and 4S1 out-door patients were treated at the Ballarat Hospital. We are compelled to held over a number cf letters and other ma\tcr, including the annual rep.'rt of the B&liarat; Gymnastic Association. Mr Edgar Sprague, one of the members of the Melbourne Stock Kxchancc, will be entertained this evening by the brokers of the Exchange prior to his departure for Eurepe. A peculiar case was dealt with in the Melbourne County Court on Friday (says the Age), the dispute being as to the ownership of a piece of land in Start street. Billarat. The action was one brought by Maiy sillier, a Etorekeepsr, agaiust her sister-inlaw, aleo calling herself Mary Miller, fcr damages far slander of title. The facts of the case were that Mary Miller, the publican, rented the hotel from her sisier-iulaw and namesake, tbe storekeeper. There was a vacact piece of land adjoining the hotel, and this was purchased by ths defendant, t'ue deposit money being .supplied bv the plaintiff. The defendant was married some years ago to a man named Pool' 1 , but after eighteen months of wedded life a female, who also claimed to be the wife of Poole, came on the eceue. Thereupon Poole levanted to America, snd his second wife again took the name of Miller. In paying the deposit money for the land she signed the name of Mary Miller. Subsequently the other Mary Miller—the plaintiff—completed the purchase of the land herself, and obtained a certificate of title, whereupon the defendant lodged a caveat, which was the elander complaiued of. The case was of a most complicated character in consequence cfthe cauica being the same. His Honor Judge Copi gave a verdict in favor of the plaintiff for £10 and costs. _ Coplaia Stat)dish, the litfl Chief Commit sioser of Police, who has been in failing health for some little time past (says the Telegraph) is now lying at the Melbourne Club in a critical ccaditioa, end little hope is entertsicsd by his medicil advisers of his ultimate recover}'. He is suffering principal!" from an affection of ths hearS hut until 1 Friday W£3 not altogether coiJiiicd to his room. Oa that evening he was reported to be in imminent danger. Specimens of the core ra'ted by the diamond drill at Portarlington (esys tbe Advertiser) were brought to Geelong veBterday afternoon, and left at the office of* the Coal Prospecting Company, at the Free Library. Toe drill has now reached a depth of 7S2 feet, and the core still shows indications of the existence cf carboi&cecus; formation. The depth penetrated is now beginning' to tell on the rods, and the progress is a little tedious. Captain Evans, of tbe Ballaiat Reformatory, who has been ia had health for the past few weeks, Jias (says the IforM) obtained one mouth's leave of absence, and it is likely will take his holiday in Tasmania. Some years ago (says the Bendigo Aderrtixer) Mr Geo. JLanieli placed £1000 in the Union Bank,. in the fi'Tiw of himself and -the mayor of the city, for the first mining company in the Sandhurst district that succeeded in sinking'its shaft..2000 feet. The time for the disposal of. the money expired recently, and as no company has been successful in reaching the required depth the iooney has been withdrawn. - . Mr Elijah Tippett, manager of the.Lady Barfcly Company; Sandhurst (says the jrfi*rtiter), on Fnday met with an accident which might hay; cost him his life. He has the appearance of a strong healthy man, hut was on Friday visited with a severe attack of &olic; diarrhoea. He descended from the No; 2 plat to Ko. 4 (510 feet), and juBt as the cage stopped he went off in a dead faint, falling into the plat. He was picked up by the miners and taken to the surface, Mr Vickery driving him home. Dr Atkinson was soon in attendance, and we learn that Mr Tippett waa on Friday evening progressing favorably. His.cecape was vety narrow, for it may be imagined that if the cage had not slopped the consequences would have been serious, j Hits accident should be a warning to persons i in the habit of eating grapes with the skins on, for this was tbe cause cf Mr Tippett'e illness." Mr Tippett is well known in Ballafat. At thelaet Masonie meeting of the Combenuere Lodge, two. Chinese . named Ah Cfcmtt and Sin Ling were (says sn exchange) admitted into the mysteries ofFreeEoaKraiy. We believe thia is toe first instance in Vic-, toria of Chinese- hong received into ; Masonic Order. . A repetition of the recent cert will take place is Y.c, J .i:t. < V ;<-»-••«•-1 terian leeture hall. Tt"', v.tcct, trs-':><rx-S.* (Tuesday) evenir.c jl 'Jut-di-^ pr .i.r.vui.-- hBB been p-.-'Virte-i, f-vab.-Acic^ mo?' i ..•. ; BMpettful vt,%iiste ftud icstriT>!t', -i; .>.' ! i Welch gathering Divies, whowaj ' i t | pieces with hsrj, S r " at \-- Htr Sf?^ ' i»Dcert prombes to 1? arrangeti nts h^vF h^vt " - - a®«ting accotrtt,oditk-* -- for flunng the firttwtskia i-j-t ~ scabeia are rcouertci to '. not later tcaa the 3I«t ^ I A tea pnw^ with the M^cartbcr Street W^J®*^ Anmverssrv «-£:! fce teld ^^ C.^ of W vcliffe prBcn^ a^d \-- M Replace thts eveaiag in ^ ^ ^ ilaii, Ijearmontfc. ^feiit, A meeting of Ko. 74. L0L to-mght, at eight ^V-ck." Cbratian Church. Gric- B Tire Bjhemim Bic-ck Qcb 7-1- at «ght o clock, in Lvonj strse' Tiw annual met-ir-i c- -V - Wanderers* Footbaii C.cb i. thjs evening, at the fc «e are reqaested t--> Joucs' lecture ot» "Tee ^ 5=1 1 if. (the sequel to "The , pven until after b, through our r ~»-s porters, will announee the ^ 4 3>;vn:e service will be Uh ^ c.. T, Church every eveuicg tt;s iPjT:.^1^ except SitBriay. coSmenai^f oclock. On Pridav Friday) there win be twl ^JT' a-m., ana half-past seven p.m, 