THE cable" has jnet informed the Australian community of the death of one of the most remarkable men of this century, in the person of Mr THOMAS HOLLOWAY, and certainly one »f the most liberal and successful Englishmen which this, or any other,generation perhaps produced. Most men become remarkable for killing their fellow creatures—for being as admirals on the sea, or generals land. Bat Mr HOLLOWAY'6 greatness lay in endeavoring to save human life, or to ease it ofitB bodily infirmities; and there can be no doubt that he scored a large number of victories in this form. The contents of his jriiis and ointment are c^well known to analytical chemists -as Any item contained in the pharmacopoeia, and those contents are of a character, the beinga genial purgative, and the ointment performing its functions in tbe same BOO thing way; eo that, although these pillB and ointment come within the nomenclature of quack ameliorants, they have donegood service to h n msni ty, wherever swallowed, or externally applied. Of diem it can be said, 4hat whatever they jure failed to do good, they have not'Inflicted any harm; and this is, perhaps, more than "can p be said of some medicines which c c humanity is dosed with, in. order to relieve, IE possible, the iUTCouseqneoces O b which its own neglect of sanitary laws t produces. " ' About the time ; GEORGE t a HI. died,"Mr THOKAB HOLIOWAY was a in • small buainees as cbemist and g druggist udu .Snu^LoitdtiDi then t beginmng to posh his qndGc (SliHd a w CTntmwit, whida were destined to make him known • &11 the "miU wer, fiixt the dEGort^ was >:«ot ...a «ne-] cess, jand difficulties followed. ,The balk, of his indebtedness, . At ^ to«enr|-aii Cor advertmng in the ^ Inl^SBcotch, avul WeUh and he jeame to an nnderstand-^e proprietors of those papers by^rhich lie was able to resume 1MM-: nks^ori-ilm Batirf»ctory footing. Prom that time his Bnccess «at in; and by means of larah advertising, from pole to pole, a few years sufficed to make his fortune, by the large demand for his pills and ointment which such extensive publicity created. At one time he spent as much as a hundred thousand pounds ay ear in advertising, and be did his - advertising in euch a systematic way that he waB never defrauded of a single insertion. He insisted opon receiving a copy of every paper in which his advertisement was to appear; and all the papers thus received were filed in a room in his establishment in the Strand. He kept a staff of clerks, who did nothing else than check the advertisements HS they appeared; and if only one insertion was found dropped, throngh inadvertence, or to make room for another notice, a pro rata amount was deducted, and the newspaper proprietor went short of that earn of money when the bill came to be paid, which has been generally the case, of late years at all events, through a h^ad agency in every colony or nation. By adopting this checking system, Mr HOLLOWAY calculated J,hat he not ony secured pretty good regularity in the appearance of his advertisements, bat aleo more than paid vhe cost of the clerks he thus employed, by the value of the deductions for non-insertion which they enabled him to make; and considering the enormonB number of papers in which he advertised, there can be so doabt this view. of die case was by no meanB out of the way, or inaccurate. Some years ago the Strand establishment becoming too small for his extensive business, the scene of operations was extended to Oxford street; and the business stall expanding, Mr HOLLOWAY converted it into a joint-stock company, and in that form the business is being carried on now. Something like 2009 persons are employed making the pills and ointment, packing them in the boxes in which they appear, and labelling and sending them away; so that the nvvnwl consumption of these pills - and ointment has grows to bs something enormous. Having been highly successful when alone, and retaining a lame share in the new company, Mr HOLLOWAY became a millionaire; and it is stated that before giving his philanthropy open vent he was worth close upon three millions sterling. He was childless, although a married man for many years, his wife being one of the most beautiful and amiable women of whom London couldboast; and all Londoners who have now crossed the half-century will remember the beautiful little carriage, drawn by two milk-white ponies, in which Mrs HOLLOWAY was eo frequently seen driving in the streets and parks about the world's metropolis many y.'ars back. " Mrs HOLLOWAY dying, Mr HOLLOWAY, or Professor HOLLOWAY, as he liked to be called, proceeded to do some good with his extensive wealth, and about a million sterling is . what he devoted to this purpose. H~ has built a splendid sanatorium near Windsor for the convalescent insane, at a cost of nearly half a million, and he haB endowed it with £50,000; and he has also built a college, close to the same spot, for the higher education of women, endowing it also with £50,000. The cost of this establishment, when completed, will be nearly £300,000, £100,000 ot the money being Set apart for " the - purchase of pictures to adorn its walls. Neither 9f these establishments, is finished yet; bnt it is expected that the former will opened in the course of six or seven months from this date, and the other about twelve months afterwards. "Wags christen the one establishment " pills," and the other 1 oint-4 ment," indicating that with some of the profits which Mr HOLLOWAY made out of pills he erected the one, and with some of the profits acquired out of the sale of ointment he has put np the other building. Waggery, or . no waggery, however, this is certain, that a portion of Mr H0LL0WAY"e great wealth has been put to two very good purposes, and that he has founded two ' institutions T -which will not only keep his name green in human memory, bnt will aleo be productive of great and tangible service to sufiering, and not pecuniarily epdowed. human nature. As he killed nobody, " Men of the Time " does not contain his name; but from what we knew of him thirty odd years ago, we venture to state that when he died he was about eighty years of ape, although he may have been still older. As an individual, be was sound to the core, honorable. in his actions, intensely cbaritebl«, «nd very-creditable in his mode of life ; and as a man of business, no one ever excelled him for shrpwdn"68, perseverance, and aptitude for creating wealth. . He fully appreciated tbe wisdom of attending toon» thing/and making the best of it which human intelligence could achieve; and tb?« is fh<? secret of h?s threat success, of th« amassing of his enormous fnr*o«M». F-w men have made greater noise in the world than THOMAS HOLLOWAY. of Oxford street anri th n S'ranJ, although the fame be acquired is not the kind of fame which is usually «oivht. But he advertised himself «•= man was never advwtised before; and bv this moans he made his: name a b'-usrhold word'from pole to pole, and aps^ciated it with great wealth; and he has been enabled to «?«b»Wi?h two insrtitntionB which will keep his nam» alive in the world when; tfcn memory of a great many of bis enntempnrwaes is dead and "forgotten. Fills and ointment have been -pushed in the world t*fon>,' and contemporaneous with THOMAS , HOLLOWAY too. Bat pills «nd nii'lnieat BMST made such a fr^-tune bpfo**^ or resulted in a million of money Msg put to such excellent land servicabU ases. w b t S o The Rev. julfn* !<•*» who has for the ast two yosr* acted as incumbent of Christ hurch proCatbedral. asd'wbo leaves intake harge cf ths Anelicwt chn*cfo in Maryorough, in bis sermon last sight in the proathedral referred to his labors here He c c ook as tin text tbe followine words from he 4th verse of the 1st chapter Of Ecclesinlee:—"One gem-ratina paesethaway and nother generatirm <someth. M The rev. entleman drew the attention of 'Ins beams o the vicissitudes and variations of life, nd pointed out tbat tfee datirs of thhlife b ere fulfilled >aish in jmny places, the wards of the 1^*S«»<Mng tfe»:grand lesson of tfa evanescent nature of all bmnaa o i ^ l a ^ r mlluduis tolfte dose of A in thrt psitGaar chorth and]t narith and biddiDR tareweJlto^the oongn-l m — ggjj ^wo Ysan jnst passed 1 iitagl^^ySOTrfbsirdtopfaM^S f wot^sri^'^ been attebd^ M growing l* *he church, larger offiaftortf, f J ..o . - Tblt -ewatA W ^OTw^ero ig^ooa Hhpitq^i lris sftann of office O n ^tinsiiltiBidt «ffi«e»»e « readyasd can services of the organist and choir and the Sunday school Boperintendent sad teachers. Tfaeir many oourtesiea merited hia kindliest acknowledgment and deep thankfulness. There was a very large congregation, and a> on the previous Sunday evening some very pretty Christmas carols were rang by the choir. Mr Lewis has, during his ministry at tbe pro-Cathedral greatly endeared himself to the congregation, and it is a matter of general -et that diocesan matters necessitate his [ng charge of the church at Maryborough. The weather on Saturday was of the dirtiest and most disagreeable character conceivable. A strong whirling wind gathered the dnst from the streets, and threw it in clouds upon every tiling, and hurled it in tbe faces of pedestrians, until oat of doers was as unpleasant as possible. . This etato of affairs lasted uutil nearly sundown, when the wind dropped, and a pleasant evening succeeded. Yesterday the weather was beautifully fine, as if in compensation for the disagreeables of Saturday. The sew postal rates, "which take effect from to- morrow, the 1st January, will be in future as follows:—Victorian rates —Letters —For every 1 oz, or under, 2d. Pickets— For every 2 oz, or under. Id. Books and magazines—For every 4 oz, or under, Id. Newspapers—Each, id; bulk parcels posted by a registered newspaper publisher, or newsvendor, per lb, Id. Intercolonial rates (}s*-w South .Wales, New Zealand, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Western Australia, and F'ji).—Letters—For every 1 oz, or under. 2d. Postcards—Additional stamp, Id. Packets—For every 2 oz, or tinder. Id. Books and magazines—For every 4 oz, or under. Id. Newspapers—Each, id; for balk parcels pasted by a registered newspaper publisher, or news vendor, per lb, Id. United Kingdom rates (ria Ceylon and Brindisi, or via San Francisco).—Letters—Not exceeding it oz, 6d; for every additional | ox, or tinder, 6d. Packets—Not exceeding 1 oz, Id; exceeding 1 oz, but not exceeding 2 oz, 2d; and for every additional 2oe, or under, 2d. Books and magazines—Not exceeding 2 oz, Id; ex* ceeding 2 oz, but not exceeding 4 oz, 2d; and for every additional 2 oz, or under, after the first 4 oz, 2d. Newspapers—Eaoh, Id. Many'of the shareholders in the Eari Beaoonsfield Company are favorable to an amalgamation with the Lord Harry Company, and it is stated that the question will be discussed at the next general meeting of the former company. St. Pml's Church WM attended by a very large congregatiod last evening, on which occasion tbe members of the ohoir acquitted themselves with great credit In the elaborate Can tat© and Dene MiBeratnr," composed by Mr J. Bailey, organist of the church. They also sang Dr Stainer's anthem, " O Zion, that bringeat good tidings," in a very spirited manner. The service, altogether, was a great sncceB8, and reflected not a little credit on the composer. A miner named Henry Oresge, employed at the Hepburn Rocky Lead mine, was on Saturday cleaning out a cap used for exploding dynamite with apiece of wood, when the cap exploded, and blew portions of his thumb and two fingers off. A four-roomed cottage, owned and occupied by Mr Edward Anderson, situated st the Southern Cross, Beaufort, was burnt to the ground on Saturday forenoon about eleven o'clock. The origin of the fire can only be conjectured. Mra Anderson had occasion to go outside, leaving the door open, and it is supposed that a spark from the fire was blown on to the paper and calico lining, for on returning the place was enveloped in smoke, A strong wind was blowing from the north, and the nearest water being about 300 yards distant; the building in a short lame was a mass of ruins. Mrs Anderson got her arms severely burned iif toying to save some clothing. The house, which has lately been purchased, was not insured, and the family have lost eveiything. It is probable that a subscription will be raised, as it is a case in every way deserving of support. Dr Pinnock will be in attendance at the orderly-room this evening, from five to six, to medically test those candidates for the militia who have not yet been examined. About one o'clock yesterday morning three ruffians kicked open the door of the Eureka hotel. Eureka street, becanse they were refused admission by MrDay, thelandlord, who had retired. Mr Day, fearing his property would be destroyed, got np, and was set upon by hia cowardly visitors, who threw a bottle at his head, and struck him with their fists. They are known, and they will pro-, bably-have to answer for their misconduct at the police court. Mr Martin Hosking, town missionary, at the Town court to-day will proceed against George Meyer, senior and junior, on a charge of insulting behavior. It will be remembered that Mr Hosking objected .to the removal of the license of McLaren's hotel to the vicinity of the Town Mission, at the Ballarat East Licensing Csurt. It was intended to have the license transferred to George Meyer, and the latter and his son, after the license had been refused, apparently annoyed at Mr Hosking'a objection, made use, it ia alleged, of very iosulting expressions towanis him, and otherwise acted improperly. Mr Anderson, J.P., presided at the town court on Saturday. Arthur Parkinson was fined 20s for behaving in an insulting manner towards Edward Martin on the previous evening. John Harkness was fined £5 for using obscene language towards Mrs Ah Foon in Main street on Friday afternoon. Money orders can now be obtained and made payable at Waterloo. A special meeting of the committee of the Ballarat District Licensed Victuallers' Association was held at Craig's Royal hotel on Friday, the 28th instant, to report and consider on their usual animal marine excursion to be held cn Friday, the 14th of February, 1SS4. There were present—Mr Irwin, president; Mr G Dancan,. vice-president; also, Messrs Bentley, Brabner, Campbell, Evans, Hudson, Jenkins, Smith, L. Williams. An apology was read from Mr Hager (the treasurer), excusing his unavoidable absence. Correspondence was read from several shipping agents in Geelong and Melbourne, stating what steamers they would have suitable for the occasion. After due consideration it was resolved that, being determined to uphold the prestige they have hitherto maintained on thesn occasions, they most procure the best steamer available, so that the comfort and pleasure of the excursionists may be secured. As the committee intends it to be the most enjoyable picnic of the season the secretary was requested to write to Messrs Deane and Co. respecting one of their firstclass steamers. The compliments of the season having .been given on all aides the meeting closed. Mary Ann Brooks would appear to be . a pretty hard drinker. She was arrested by tbe City police, a few weeks ago, drank, and was remanded from time to time to enable her to get over the effects of her overindulgence. She got at liberty, and- agnalisnd the event by getting drunk again, and the City police collected her yet once more. Most probably Mary Ann will, when beforethe bench, cite : ti» festivity incidental to tbe season as the cause of her recent indiscretions. ' Mr C. C. Sboppee has more than onoe been annoyed on going to his private boathouse, at tin Lake, to find the door broken open, andV&hat bin boat-bad beenused-bysome unprivileged individuals. Yesterday afternoon,'when be went to it, he found the door broken in, and the boat gone. Suspecting that die culprits would then be ia tbe boat, and somewhere on the Lake, he procured tbe services cf CmataUe Riordan, and ent in search of them. After a long row, e came upon the offenders, in tbe person? of wo youths, named respectively Charles tewart and J. Laidlaw. both thirteen yean f age, in the boat, and enjoying an outing The constable, then arrested tbe boys, and onducted them to the C'.ty lock-up, where a harge of wilfully damaging property to tt: extent of £1, and also illegally using waa entered against thesa. The boys intimated that there were two or three ether boys in the affair, and that they h*£ just engaged in it as they left Sunday school Oa the'miner occasion, when the boaee was roken into, aoms fi^mg tackle waacfolfeb The oommittae of tbe Ballamb Minora' F ssociation notify iia oor advertiaiaB oolamna d hat a levy ci W to. beey made onqeh ember; far tbe gmrtrwtal foafr payahlg oa thenCTt pay-dap next month. Kbmhatuna or president aiee-piosidant, t»enaror,a«cr»-* 1^! oosepatteemen, two auditorv and ore* traatea^of jhi same asyxaatron mast * M 1| -Til, • I..—I ,r. Next Tuesday the morning train wilt leave | Ballarat at seven o'doek, and return from :; Gordon at right. ] Mayor Hickman and Mr Higgans, J.P., : attendedaTtheCitfrPolira~CborTonSsta*. day, and dealt with one inebriate, who was j fined 5s, with 2a 6d casts. | We have received from the publisher «j copy of Dr J. G. Beaney's w«k on the W "Generative system, and its functions in health and disease." In explanation of the causes which induced him to write this book, the author sayB:—" The grave importance of the subject has induced me to devote time and attention to it, that I could frequently ill spare, to alleviate much misery caused by imperfect knowledge of tbe functions of the organs of reproduction. There has, until within the last few yean, been a morbid delicacy in the public mind with reference to books of this kind, caused by the erroneons impression that it was unnecessary to direct the sexes knowledge of the pbyeiology of their generative functions, it having been long supposed that the discussion of such questions was of doubtful benefit. In Europe this state of things has passed away, and in England especially tbe advance of education has been so rapid that the great lights of the medical profession have felt themselves relieved from the difficulties which formerly environed them in the open discussion of these grave questions. During the last few years all hesitation has been abandoned, and tbey have addressed themselves to the cultivation of a clara of medical literature, which throngh falsedelioacyhad been long neglected by them, and which consequently was seiz-d by charlatans aa their especial and exclusive province; and experience has demonstrated that, in doing so, they have rendered society' signal service." The book is written in the careful and systematic manner which characterises tiie author; ud as one of the great objects it uma at is the encouragement of matrimony, and the abolition of the social evil, it is entitled to careful consideration. The book is very finely printed, and is issned in a form exceeding creditable to the printers, Messrs Mason, Firth, and MCutcheon. Mr G. Robertson, of Melbourne and Sydney, is the publisher; and the work has already reached its fourth edition. During the past week 92 in- door and 2S2 out-door patients were treated at tbe Ballarat Hospital. Of the 984 persons relieved at the Ballarat BenevoleDi Asylum last week 343 were children. A destructive fire (aaya the Age) occurred on Thursday afternoon on the farm of Mr Amos Kitchen, about five miles east of Donald. About 50 acres of wheat, 40 bags of wheat which had been stripped, and the the winnowing machine were destroyed. At an adjourned meeting of the United Furniture Trades' Eight Hours' League, held on Friday night (says the Age] it was Announced that a meeting of the two fami- < tare trade societies—namely, the United j Fnrnitnre Trades' Right Hours' League and the Cabinetmakera' Society—will be held at the Trades' Hall on the 14th January next, to take action with a view of amalgamating the two societies. Thomas C. A. Macaulay, M.A., formerly a echoo[master at Koroit, attempted suicide (says the Telegraph) by jumping off the j WarTnambool jetty on Friday. He was seen j to plunge into the sea by a boatman, named "' John Fisher, who jumped in and rescued him. Fisher saved a female a few weeks ago, who attempted to commit suicide from the jetty in a similar'manner, and, it is thought deserves the Humane Society's medal for his exertions On Saturday last a bush fire broke ont about eight mileB from Tatura, and did a great deal of damage to fencing and grass; it aUo snrrounded a flock of sheep, and many of them were destroyed, bnt it has been pretty well subdued. The onion crop in the BeUarine district (says the Age) will not be heavy this year, owiDg to the dzyneefi of the season, and from the same canse the crop will be earlier than uenaL The - Telegraph is informed by the secretary that the Melbourne Woollen Mill Company have sold the entire stock of manufactured clothing, by tender, to Messrs Warae acd-Rsrid."' The tendering was veiy close, nearly every wholesale house competing. The Commissioner of Railways (says the Argue) has directed tha works authorised under the Railway Loan Accounts -Application Act, No. 776, which was passed during the last session, to be proceeded with, and the construction and maintenance branches of the service are now taking the necessary steps to carry ont the instruction The Act in question authorised the expenditure of £264.400 for works and purposes specified in detail in the schedule, but nearly £50,000 of this amount was spent before the Act was passed, and work to the amount of between £25.000 and £30,000 was in course of completion for which money had to be provided. According to the estimate of the department there still remains about £130,000 to £140,000 to be expended. The following items will be spent on country lines :— Melbourne to Echuca, £7.071; Sandhurst to Ingle wood, £2,850; Footecrav to Wil'.iamstown, £3,772; Newport to Biltarat, £12,606; Warrenheip to Gordon. £1,S10; Ballarat to Portland, £3,017; Essendoo Junction to TVodongs, £18,010; Mangslore to Shepparton. £2.597; and -South \arra to Sale, £5 427. The works are of a most urgent nature, and will be carried out with as little delay as poesible. It is stated on tb» best authority (says the Herald) that Lord Harris intends to takeout, at the close of cert season, a team of English gentlemen cricketers to Canada. Besides [yOrd Harris, the team will include the popular Lancashire captain; Mr A N. Hornby, and other well-known gentlemen playera-The team will be in every sense a strictly amateur one, each member paying his own expenses, and the proceeds of the matches which will be arranged will be devoted to the furtherance of cricket in Canada, which is just now at a very low ebb. A rumor was circalsted (says the Hamilton Spectator) on Friday to the effect that a >lucky wager had been made on tha Melbourne cricket-ground d urine the progress of the Intercolonial Cricket Match, by a professional gentleman from Hamilton. Alter seeing Murdoch well set, and with a BCT.Cof over 30 to bis credit, the gentleman in question bet £100 that the ch»mpio» batsmau would score 100 rons or more A Gre Gre correspondent inforan the St. ArnaudMercury-fiat the crops in Sbat neighborhood are really grand. Iu one- paddock a yield of 44 bushels to tiie acre- baa been obtained, in another 36 bushels, while 25 to to 30 is a common record. At the last aminal communication of the Grand Lodge of Montana, U.S.A., held on the 3rd October, 1SS3. recognition {'syi the Telegraph) was usianimnu&ly granted to the Grand Lodger of Free and Accepted Masoue of Victoria. The occupation, of the mall he territc-TV, which has for EO manv months been overran by the rabbit sad the wild -dog, Efcely (says the ^e} to- pat large sums off money into circulation. Que instance will snffice to indicate the amocot of capital mae cf the tenaota «ra prepared to epsrf under th? new conditions for the occupation of this territory. ' It is known that sae tenant bap commenced aa expenditure of- £70,000 upon the blocks which be has-secared. This money wilt be spent in fenciog. ringing trees, clearing, asd in tbe construction of • reser It is roaered (says the Argus) in Bomaa Catholic circles that there 5> a probability of Monaignw Patterson, aaaiSaty bishop to Cardinal Manning, being appointed Arab bisb-p of Sydney. Very gloomy reports' fny* the A^grtul have been received freer BnHEe respecting the fearfally dry state of tits country. Some of tbe- nads in the district are utv-riy destitute of ..feed, and already several spriags aw failiag in their sappSp. The prnspmt is of the waret'descriptiost. and naless raki comes there will be very Miwii loasss in stock. In •aaeral places the are sow reported to bodying. Miss EmilieK EIilw, daughter of Mr J EJ-ler, a Govern—nnt offi'ier, was killed on riday night {says the Arrpft) by a. rocket v ischartrnd docftig an 'jQchibitioti of fireworks L at the Glenetebaiha. She atmckont^iiby head by thniodteb " 1 A darinjf attempt at «*d robbery at As j M Wy. ^ j ^ ^ q h r i ^ Day/. lav, but on tin night shift' . down tiiey fnmd a mu> in It is a comfort to see that s\l mden . o! of spwit epirit has haa_not been stamper! out «r °r 7? miners of old Bendigo. The B(r,Hho r ^ :J ,!ui pendent esyez—"At the u.nal pettier:' e^ye -|"g of the BsDdigo Miners' which lapsed on Friday n^gh- f„r qnomtn, the following petition. sWa w t ^ l l ^ u ^ J 1 , ^ clairra® in t£ " * ^rtneW was to^have ^ the under«gW. do h-rVv presented agamst to Mr an Lansell addreBs in en^T/r^jT^ anv Sandhurst „ ^ ^ from this ^ ^ ^ me stewards, we might men'ion. aim TC authority of the mafrity of Z ^ ,fcf: the claims which they reprint." ^ 111 Some police promotions (lava the J™, , were made by the Executive dnunril Council i v? day. Detective Lomax. Lamax. sttac' sttacM Post Office, was raised from th sergeant in the Brat- class to that r f L'^Z first-class sergeant. Secon3-daw Sberson, of Maryborough, the first-class. Senior-conn table K-al,-r Castlemaine, and Senior-eonBtable ' Melbourne, were auHe second-c'»w t^r geants. Constables Dempsev of and Sumott, of Camperdow£ were n ^ senior constables. e mals The majority of the crops iu the Ar*n. West district, South Australia (PSV/S* Age) will average nearly 30 bush.Ia. -^ The Minister of Education (eavs the An,l has received a report from the asBiaUnt inspector-general relative to the chart* „t intemperance brought against the teacher charge of the Main Lead school. The cha«~ it hia been ascertained, was stare j s S much exaggeration, and the case one demanding a severe*punishment. Efifbrts (says the Geelong Adnrti,^ ere being made to inaugurate an annua! gather ing of old colonists in Geelong, the lilnit being thirty years and upwards. It j, pored to hold a dinner to celebrate th* event either in January or Fehrnary, aB cbargn is to be made rea^onahle, s*> that all old colonists may be enabled to take part in the affair, it is expected that the gatherins wiil be a large one. ^ A brown trout, weighing 13 lb (c,v» tfc» Argvt), has been caught in the E?t, at Leonard's, four miles from Lmncettc*" Many large fish, supposed to be a cro« between true salmon and salmon treat have been caught in the Derwent during the W two months. Amtmber of vacancies (says <he Arg>M will be occasioned in the Postal Di>pir-ine,,t in consequence of the dismissal of' Bdward Dix Pitman, who, until recently. fc.Jd tte pndQon of senior inspector of poa:a and telegraphs It is understoi'l <n he Mr Berry's intention to promote Mr G. S. Caldwell, who ia the next officer in order of seniority, to the position lately occupi d by Mr Pitman, but until after the- trial sv l -ich is now pending nothing vti'l -bs dar e. Ia 'he event of Mr Caldwell being advanced i step. Mr George Smibert will be promoted from the third to the second claEs, and Mr F. 1_. Outtram from the position r-f acting sabinspector, which he now occupies, iu tbe fourth class, to the post of iaFpecror/ructing as a third class cfficer. The position cow held by Mr Oattram will to fiLtd by the promotion of a junior officer. Mr Hickman Molesworth (says the A r ms) was, on Friday, appointed a county cuurt judge at . the meeting of tbe Executive Council. He accepted the pofitio- Feme months ago, when his Honor Jud^f Sk natr intimated bis desire to resign, it was then arranged that the chsnpe eb..u!d be made at the beginning of the year Mr Molesworth will succeed him in the North-Eastem district. Important appointments in connection with the new militia were made (says the Argus) at the meeting of -the EMC-U'IVS Council on Friday Majors Sarg.od, Tcmplcton, Freeman, and Sl»-ep, wire advanced to the rank of lieutenant-colonel, and they will be tie senior officers in command of battalions. Sorgeon-M .jor Fultoo was also formally appointed principal medical officer of the naval and land forces. Tbe other officers, of the militia will cot bo appointed until the Minister (Lieutexiaut-Colonet Sargood) has been advised on the subject by the Council of Defence. A shocking case of assault on a pir! eleven years of age is reported (says the Argvs) from Newcastle. The assailant is a mcsicmaster, and he lost his temper because tbe child did not play correctly. He attacked her savagely, tore the skin r IT bcr arms, railed ont handfuls of her hsir, and so jrutally ill-csed the child that it trill be some time before she recovers. Mr Langdon, M.L.A. (says tho Argv?}, has represented to the Premier that tl.e're is greater danger to be apprehended from bushfires in the agricultural districts thi* year than for many years past, on ancou:-t <-f the very favorable season now prevailing and the comparative luxuriance of the ^ra-s. He has asked Mr Service to canse nny t _-rt! i precautions which may be possible to he taken with a view of lessening *he danger, and that gentleman has referred the matter to tbe Ministers of Lands and Agriculture for their advice. lie following case of " conscience money" is recorded by the Argus:—" On Friday afternoon Mr Mnsgrove, of the Custom?, received an unsigned communication in a feigned handwriting, containing a £1 -note, and a few words scratched across a Oi'et rf tea paper to the following effect:—' F.t .iu'.y not charged.' The letter bore the Melbourne postmark, bnt no other indication by which it might be tracei." A special watch-night service will beheld in Christ Church pro-Cathedral to-> ight, commencing at eleven o'clock, and arfdr. ss^s will be delivered by the Bishop of B*J arat and other clergymen. The seats will h-. fre-c throughout the church. To celebrate the opening of Alf r - ''on Wesleyan Church, a sacred concur* snd coffee soiree will take place in the buM-iinr *'* , is evening, commencing at eight o'clock Tne Rev. J. P. M'Cann will preside The fortnightly meeting of Coor' Li''Is John, No. 3326 A.O.F., is convene-! fr.r this evening at eight o'clock* m lieu of Tu --tay, the 1st January. Mr Fleming Norton receives a criop'.;-mentary benefit this evening, nud^r the patronage of the mayor of B*l!iri\ the mayor of Ballarat East, and thaod -committee of the M^haDioE' Tn^r'^'e. A very attractive prgranrne prodncrd. and we remi q'n:r reader? »s i» he last appearance but nne of tbe-re^Uy exc^lUnr entertainment so cleverly del'.-n d by Mr Norton. The Mammoth Minstrels wil' entertainment in tbe-Temperan? - Hall, Btewnyone, on New Tear's night, in ' o f "^e funds of the Ballarat Benevolent ^yiuw. The entertainment will be under the w--' " ,: ft '--' e of tbe Caledonian Rports comm't:^ -the Miners' Association. The treasurer of Sallarat East a.nices 6y advertisement that-all licenses in Sret '- *=»icipalhy will expire tr-day, and t»?St r-licenses must be tsfcen out at esc. < ?he privilege will be forfeited. Mr Gill annoasces in our advertising columns that the <»re by the * steamer on New Year's Day wiH'be 3d each way to and from tbe gardeae. We have reserved a very pretty wall almanac for 1S84 from Messrs Archer Brothers, hairdresBera, Araasmms street. A meeting of=tbe Weal^an ISjoa-Association wiH be held in Dasia street schoolroom tits evening at eifibt r>V)oc~: There wilt be a hall at tin Orpheus Hall on New Year's night. There wilt be a ball in the Lw-nr Hall on New Year's night, ticksiw for which can be obtained of Mr Oyston. savetaW. We ara«eqaested to iisft a-?fnticn j»_» adverti-:raae«t in another column, a'hich gives tbr time of stwrtist?: i "-.t^r: f St. Andrew^ Sunday ecbsai Ne» picnic Th^ nsnal -watch-nnfkt aer'-iee be hd t this erenmg in tbe #i>ited M^'haiiat Free Cl'orcb, Teel street, 1jt> hr{rm n' » :o clsxen. Sankey'a bvmis will tj.-two addresses will he' deliver ed by the Kevw JLOttley andE. Sfcmer. We have reoeiv^d from »V* puWi r r:" k ery neat handbook, etrtitlsd the "^>" "'6 easeholdere' Guide" for Nr* Swift ^ahs 'HrT.F.HBCameyBrowo'. I * . irsly wr.ll compiled, srad. c ntains, description ot an MWA W ^ t S ? minerals of various kinds. - - -book tomipera, and esfe*a"F Bom, and looking as merry as crickets. The photograph has been exceedingly, well taken, and is accompanied by appropriate versos yrinted on the back of the card. It ie intended as a New Year's souvenir to the patrons of the studio, and will be an acceptable addition to any album. The entertainment provided for the amnBement of the public at the Alfred Hall, on New Year's night, will introduce some of the best artists in singing and dancing that have appeared in the colonies. The dancing •f Miss Oavenport has been specially admired in Melbourne, and glancing down the list of those vcho are to appear, we note the names of performers oftnost varied talent. The Soldiers' HQ1 Dram and Fife Band lave been specially engaged by the Lai Lai Turf Club to perform at the races to-morrow, and the members are requested to meet tonight at seven o'clock, and also attend at Mr Hntson'e on Tuesday morning at nine o'clock sharp to proceed to the coarse. 