? MONDAT, JULY 30, 1888. Tka truth of the old adage, that ' It never rains but it pours,' is well ex emplified in the business of the pre sent session of the Legislative Council. 'Western Australia .has at last found favor in the eyes of the Princes - of Capital, many of whom are noweager lv busvine themselves in trying to arrange with her guardians the terms of their projected alliances ; and now, behold ! another opportunity presents itself for the Colony to make its debut before the nations of the Old 'World in a fashion suitable and proper to- the amount of interest she has been lately exciting.- This .. evening the ? members of our Legislature will be called upon to decide whether this Colony shall be represented at the Cal cutta International Exhibition, or not. Similar opportunities have presented themselves before, some of which were declined, while a few were accepted. Miserable as was the way in which the Colony has been hitherto represented at some of the World's Great Shows, | yet the advantage derived was dispro- ' portionately great, while even the j large bazaar which was lately held in j this City gave an impetus to commerce ! and trade, the pulsations of which can be feebly felt even yet. But when we j take into consideration the present j condition of our affairs, we hope that ?? -each hon. member of the Legislative j Council will agree with us in thinking | that the Colony ought to be represent- [ ed at the forthcoming Industrial Ex- ?' hibition in such a way as to secure an, -' at least, favorable comparison with her Sister Colonies. Nor are we now without means to do this. Our; . Treasury is overflowing, and our colo- ? nists are now beginning to shake off their former lethargic apathy, and will ' be willing to do their best towards making the West Australian Court both interesting and attractive; there fore, if the hon. members agree to a liberal vote for this object, their efforts, we are convinced, will be heartily supported by the ' large majority of their constituents. A brilliant future is now dawning upon us, and we should do everything that lies in our power to hasten that day of national progress which is ap proaching. One opportunity for suc cessful exertion now presents itself, and we hope that the seizing of this, by both our Legislature and settlers, will but be a sign of their for ever discarding that policy of retirement and inaction which has so long marked the national life of our adopted land. It is, therefore, not without good reason, that we hope an advance step . will .be taken by the hon. members of the Council this evening. . This morning three habitual drunkards were brought before the City Bench, each. of whom were fined 10s., with the option of ' .the usual alternative. \- ' By reference to the announcement which ^appears in another column, it will be seen that a variety of important business will 'occupy the attention of the Legislative Council this evening. -: ; The Jtotal paper at GaraWton 'starts* that ^take-all' ha» made its appearance in. the -Crops on the Greenough. ._.--?*- V; ? ....-TheYorkjOd&eBqwa; held their annual .anniversary of tile foundation, of the Lodge 'last Friday, when the: attendance was r,l_Yesterday - the Bew Vivian Boberts preached in the City Wesleyan Chapel both ?morning and evening to crowded congrega Itibns- - .' ,Last Friday Naanacrow was hanged at Bottnest for the wilful murder of the late Charles Brackle. Only a few natives were mustered to witness the execution. 'So far as regards the attendance of the public and the excellence of the programme provided for the occasion the People's Entertainment, held in the Working Men's -Hall last Saturday evening, was a grand 'success. As, however, the general manage ment requires some comment, our report is held over until we have space to fully deal with it. According to the. annual report of the Superintendent of Police fifty-one condition al-pardon holders and expirees left the Colony last year ; of whom 13 went to Lon don, 23 to Adelaide, 11 to Melbourne, 2 to Calcutta, and 2 to other parts. The total number of ticket-of-leave and conditional release holders distributed throughout the Colony in 1882 was 236. A short time ago we reported that three natives, named Talgener, alias Cranky, Jack Wardang, alias Nimble Jack, and Tommy Elecup, were remanded by the York Bench, upon the charge of having maliciously speared an aboriginal known as Tommy Glass. Last Wednesday these men were again brought up, when they were, each of them, sentenced to three years' imprison- ment at Rottnest. On Saturday week last a man named John James was charged at the Geraldton Police Court with having, on the previous day, unlawfully assaulted a female named Tolla Wright who swore that she went about in bodily fear in consequence of the defendant's ill-usuge of her. James was bound over, to keep the. peace -for three months in two sureties of JBIG each, and in bis own bond of JE20. Two lads, who had been gathering dead wood on the Commonage at Fremantle, were on Saturday summoned before Mr. Slade, who, in consideration of the small quantity taken and their ignorance of any prohibition, fined them each, five shillings and costs; but informed them that they were really liable to a fine of .2100. It would be well for passing teamsters and persons living on the outskirts of the town to remember this, and also those who plead that its removal will prevent bush-fires. There could be no better proof of the durability of our Jarrah when exposed to all weathers than this: A head-board has been found in the bush at Clar ence, near Rockingham, where most of the early settlers first landed, that was erected over the grave of a Mr. Larkins, a gentle man, who died and was buried there as far back as December, 1829. This piece of timber, we are creditably informed, after an exposure of fifty- four years, is as sound now as when it was first erected. Sir Henry Wrenfordsley and patty were passengers from Adelaide to Melbourne by the R.M.S. Pekin, which reached Hobson's Bay early on the morning of the 9th insfc. Since then Sir Henry has been seeing the 'lions' of Melbourne ; and on the occasion of a visit to the Parliament Houses being accord ed the honor, of a seat beside the President of the Legislative Council. It is understood that Sir Henry purposes proceeding over land to Sydney, where he may remain for a weeks before proceeding to Fiji. His Excellency the Governor, has been pleased to give effect to the desire of the Legislature that later night trains should run between Fremantle and Perth on the evenings on which the Council sits during the continuance of the present Session. The train leaving Fremantle at 6 pm will accommodate those who may be desirous of listening to the debates ir. the House, a train to the Port being available at 11 o'clock. The Council sits on the evenings of Mon day, Wednesday, and Friday in each week. The first of these trains will run this evening, and will, of course, be available to the general public at the usualfarea. Several complaints have lately been made to the police of the committal of acts of petty larceny from various hotels in the City. Last week a man was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment upon three such, charges, and last Saturday one James Potter was arrested upon the charge of having stolen a coat and hat, the. property of Charles Djusung, the barman at the Royal Hotel. The prisoner was not brought up before the Bench this morning, but was remanded until next Wednesday, as he was HL A species of wilful and mischievous decep tion on the part of persons travelling on the Eastern Bail way has recently been indulged in in some of the late trains, and which should be promptly put down. We allude to the habit of passengers stating before the train starts that they wish to alight at, say, Butler's Bay or North Fremantle, and when the train arrives there flatly deny ing that they had said so. It is obviously a very pernicious practice, likely to lead at any rate to unnecessary delays and to great irritation on the part of the railway em ployes, and calls for the immediate notice of the Commissioner. It now seems that the Douglasses from this Colony, who, we mentioned recently, had got into trouble in a suburb of Mel- bourne through being found in the company of known suspicions characters and having house- breaking tools in their possession, were accompanied by members of the weaker sex in their (supposed) depredations. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph of July 3 says: — ''The detective-police have taken into custody two women, named Emma Douglass, alias Hathaway, and Rose Doug lass, alias Hathaway, on a charge of being concerned in suburban robberies. The first named is the wife of George Douglass, a West Australian expiree, who bad done a sentence of fifteen years' penal servitude, and the latter is the 'sweetheart' of George King, alias Kemble, another W.A. expiree, who had also ' done' a fifteen years' sen- tence. The men were recently arrested for burglary." Here is a case at somewhat mixed re- tionships, which is said to have really 'conae to pass in an Essex family, and which shows that it is not impossible for a man to become his own grandfather. A widow married a young man and her daughter-in-law married his father. By the widow's marriage with the son she became her husband's grand mother, consequently great grand-motherto her son, the fruit of this marriage ; now as the son of a great-grandmother, or great uncle, this boy must be bis own grandfather. A singular, and, .to nervous people, rather discomforting incident, took place in the Oddfellows* Han, Framantle, last Saturday evening. A man ascended the platform, and signed the pledge with ap parently the greatest composure. Descend ing to the floor of the' Hall he somewhat ceremoniously opened hfa ulster and drew forth in one hand a- black bottle (which was afterwards found to have ? contained rum) and in the other ? a tumbler. Brandishing these * to *h** full extent of his arms he exclaimed at the top of his voice, ' This has been my curse through, life I' and then threw them forcibly against the wall, the contents of the bottle' and the fragments of glass flying in all directions. More than one person standing near were both be spattered with rum - and struck by broken glass, bufcjhappily no one was injured. The man then.withdrew, it is hoped resolved'to keep his promise. — ? 'BfXT.ATttAT. Feveb.— Malarial fevers, con stipation, torpidity of the liver and kidneys, general debility, nervousness and neuralgic ailments yield readily to this great disease conqueror, Hop Bitters. It repairs the ravages of disease- by- converting the food into rich blood and it gives new life and vigor to the aged and infirm. See. 