CHAPTER IV. We had been home just three weeks, when one evening, soon after tea, Jack entered my little parlour with an anxious cloud on hie brow. _" Constance," be Began, earnestly laying his band on my shoulder. " One of tli^ stookinen has come home from Deadman's Creek. Be says there's a terrific fire up there, and it is rabidly ooming down on us. You are not afraid to stay here with the women and old Oob, for father and I must go off post hMte?" He looked at Kitty as he spoke, and she said, eagerly: " No 1 O, No I We are not afraid," while I added, more tremulously, "No, Jack. Go, dear." Ho bent down and kissed my forehead as if to reassure me, and then, waving his hand gaily to Kitty, hurriedly left the room. Aa soon as he had gone, Kitty and I went to the verandah to try and see some signs of the enemy. But there was no ehange fa the fair, pale, evening sky; the dark belt of wood that encircled the fiat before as was even more void of smoke than usual, for in these parts, daring the summer, there is nearly always smoke lurking somewhere in the woods. The golden stars began to pierce through the Heavens as we watched; the curlew whirled past as with his plaintive night-cry, and the solemn stillness of the evening fell on as like a spell. " Look 1 Connie," suddenly cried Kitty, pointing excitedly towards the western hori zon. " Do you see that blush-like red upon the sky yonder?" I eagerly followed her eye, and sure enough there teat a faint pale-red reflection very slight, very distant, bat still s reflection. And as we gazed, with a chill, indescribable kind of nervousness creeping over as, the flash broadened and deepened, stretching along the sky with apalling quickness, till at last, from behind the front range there rushed ap s dense, blaok cloud of smoke, followed, in a moment, by one long palo finger of fire. Kitty and I clung closer together, while we heard the excitable shouts of the servants who were assembled near as on one of the lawns, ar.d saw one of the selectors dash past us on horse back, crossing the flat in the direction of the fire. That one quivering flame was followed softly by others, and the fire, gaining in strength and quiokness every moment, Boon had the sloping, thickly-wooded range one living mass of names. Oh I dreadful and ap palling sight, a bush- fire, and yet, how grand I The red-hot trees with the firay flames hokine their blackened trunks. The intense and awful darkness of the forest whioh they have not yet reached; while, .standing oat, in marked and startling distinptness, was every object over which their land shadow had been thrown I " The Flat 1 The flat I" shrieked old Cob, the gardener, wringing his bands that had withered in my father's service. " They must stop it in the flat, or we're done I If it gets a hold among them dry rashes, it'll make a clean sweep of everything I" It was evident tho men had seen that, for presently, on the edge of the Flat, a jet of name shot ap, running well round it, and effectually stopping the track of the destroyer. Old Cob clapped his hands in delight. " We're all right 1 We're all right I" Fire kills fire 1 God be praised for't." And ao it did; the fire, baffled, receded quiekly, while its opponent burnt slowly across the Flat, two or three men beating it out when it bad spread far enough. There was no immediate danger now; the fire spread farther back into the forest, and the wind, providentially ohanging, moved it alto gether from our direction. How thankful were we to see father and Jack safely back again 1 Begrimed with smoke; burnt on hands and and face; spent with fatigue they were pretty objeotsl "It was a near touoher," Jack said. "If the wind had not changed, the whole station | would have gone, for, thongb the Flat was safe enough, it would have had us at the back, to which it had been rapidly working." "CoDnie," began Kitty, that evening, as we stood by our window, watohing the dark mountain that, but a couple of hours tyfore was raging in flames, and whioh now was darker than ever, although a lingering curl of flame and an occasional bant of smoke, told ob that the foe was still to be feared, " Connie, dear, I have a feeling that something is going to happen to me. I cannot explain, dear girl, but I feci it, ConstAbce 1 I feel it 1" I gazed at her earnestly, as she passed her arm round my shoulders, and drew me to her "You are nervous and excited, dear Kitty," I answered reassuringly, " and no wonder I" " No, my dear, I am neither nervous cor excited, Uy heart is quite steady, Connie." There was an ineffable and tender loveli ness in her eyes as they met mine-a strange, fond yearning in her smile, as she turned fier face to me-pallid in the moonlight. . " Kitty I Dear Kitty 1" I softly whispered) " Connie! Dearest Connie 1" Bhc answered, kissing my forehead. 