Til lii£#ES£. Diary of Trip from North New castle to Macarthur River. Bv Ernest Favenc. II. Furthermore, they told us that to the eastward there was no water at all, and that the Yarroo blacks never went more than a few miles in that direction. As I say, they departed in the direction of the smoke, S.E., but turned up at our camp next morn ing, having failed to reach the smoke they started for ; we had just finished packing at the time, so our con versation was limited. They again told us 'arpa no more ' in the direction in which we were going, and we left them devouring a pigeon Jack had shot that morning. Our horses had stood the two days without water, from the lagoon to the Yarroo, famously. They were fresh and well, and we had a good three-days water with us. From oar position I felt sure that we must strike one of the heads of the coast rivers within a reasonable distance. The big bugbear before us was scrub. Should we get into cross-belts of scrub— hedgewood and mulga — it might . take us a whole day to make eight or ten mileB ; in that case our progress would be so slow that our horses would be done before we could reach the point where 1 hoped to find a creek, but we could only trust that the mulga would run E. and W., not N. and S. On Friday, the proverbially unlucky day, we left ' Yarroo ' Creek and started east into the unknown land. In four miles we struck, as the natives had predicted, a dry creek. Shortly after crossing it we came to the first belt of scrub. These scrubs are made up of what is known in the Northern Territory as 'mulga ;'' but it grows as- a tall straight sapling, and not like the spreading tree of New South Wales mulga. The other species of flora that help to make up the scrub is the hedgewood, ' Stuart's hedgewood.' This tree, in the language of the Far North, is a ' devil.' The branches upshoot about three feet from the ground, then they grow in a diagonal manner, seeking to interlace with their nearest neighbour. Having succeeded in this laudable endeavour, they just catch you with their interlaced branches about the face or chest, and make things pleasant. We got into this sort of scrub about 10 a.m., and we stuck in it until quite tired— nearly six hours ; then we struck south, and got into what we at first thought was a graveyard, hut on further examination proved to be only a clay fiat and the usual number of anthills. The ludicrous resemblance that these anthills bear to gravestones is something awesome ; particularly when on a clear moonlit night, and a man has a solitary ride through them. ' To return to our muttons,' or rather our scrub, we toiled through it ail day, and with the usual varia tions carried it with us until sundown, when we camped on a box flat, with a large undergrowth of lancewood. Lancewood is a disagreeable kind of scrub. It grows about the height of a man's waist— when on horseback. H a bushfire passes through it, it dies at once in disgust, and remains for years afterwards a mass of hard, sharp points. But the singular thing about lancewood is the fact that, though you may break off the branches and make a fire of them, as a whole, when standing, they obstinately refuse to bum. I have often tried to bum the dead bushes that have been destroyed by a former year'6fire ; that is to say, they are reduced to dry sticks from a fire passing over the lancewood country, making the bushes apparently only kindling wood ; whereas they, as I said before, refuse to bum when in the entire state of bushes. Most of the lancewood country is well grassed, and should there he a good and feasible idea started of destroying the scrub (which without doubt there will be when the attention of scientists is attracted to the subject) the lancewood country will come to the fore as first-class pastoral land ' for cattle only.' I would never recommend this country I speak of for 6heep, as from the soil and general admix ture of foreign herbage there is always a chance of grass seed being introduced that would be very inju rious to wool. It is wonderful how the worst kind of . grass seed seems to confine itself to coast districts. Without doubt, the rich downs of the inland water shed are not adapted to growing the grass seed which, under the different names of spear and tangle grass,, have earned the detestation of all growers of wool. I have found that the worst grass seed grows on a poor clay soil, and that rich chocolate or black soil is very free from any deleterious growth. But I am wander^ ing from my subject. We camped that night on a well- grassed flat, but saw no signs of water nor any game that would lead one to imagine that water was anywhere in the neighbourhood. Our horses were j standing it well ; hut the next day, of course, would ] be the test. j Saturday we passed through good country all the ] morning, but no sign of animal life to be 6een. Once j we crossed what seemed to be a watercourse, but it was a foolish sort of imitation of a creek that would : have only knocked our horses up had we attempted ] to follow it up or down. On the second day without ] water a man has to be careful of his horses. Jn the afternoon we got into scrub again, and of all the desolate and dreary rides imaginable that four hours' trip was the worst. At every break in the tall straight mulga a man would ] hope for something better ; but the relentless scrub j would come again and lead you to think that you would never get clear of it. However, we had gone too far to turn back, our best chance was ahead ; meantime not a black's smoke visible, nor any 6ign or token of life. It was late in the evening when we got out of the scrub for good, and then we ran down a slight j incline that promised a creek at the dip. Nor were j we disappointed, 'We struck a small creek, the first j we had seen for two days, dry of course, for this was j an exceptional season, and the worst that had bjen j knqwji since the cqnstruction of th§ y, Line, We followed it down, however, and were lucky enough to find a small mudhole, that -served to give our horses a small drink each ; a very small one ] indeed. Crawford measured it out to each horse by mouthfuls, and the water just served to give each hone about ninety mouthfuls. „ , Meantime I followed the creek down, and found signs of blacks having been camped lower down, although the marks were pretty old. However, it was the first sign of actual life we had seen, and we j hoped for better things next day. ] During the night our horses did nothing but haunt j the muddy bed of the waterhole, occasionally taking l fits of following the creek down, which entailed one | of us having to get up and go after them. I By daylight, or rather sunrise, we were packed and 1 away, and 60on found that about a mile below where a I had been on the night before, the creek entirely a disappeared, and left nothing but a well-gra6sea na a extending before us. The horses were nearly done, a the small drink they had had the former night sceme a only to have augmented thaix thirst. We 1 source of hope, and that was the presence of a cockatoo. ? Cockatoos aTe only found on coast waters, this showecn a us that we had crossed the diving watershed for 1 and were on the coast fall. Again, early in the morn- 9 irig, cockatoos are not very far from water, so w | persevered, and about 10 picked up the course ot : tn a creek again, and found a decent little waterhole, wni ? I in any other season weuld have been at least tw ? miles in length. I We christened the creek Relief Creek, and ma' de a 1 permanent camp for some days, as we had to msp fl the country on all sides. Both Crawford and mye 1 were struck bv the fact that at this camp our hor - I running on dry, withered grass, recovered qmcs a and did even better than was possible on the d a grasses inland. Jack turned out invaluable at t ? camp, as he did not mind stopping alone at mg » I which enabled us to give more time to the in£Pe'* 1 of the country, as the necessity of leaving aD v;' 1 man in camp would, with our small party, « 1 proved a great drawback. 1 Jack used to stay contentedly, no matter when o l what time Crawford and myself would turn up, wni a was generally at some unearthly hour in the e x i morning, A lonely camp m the hush is not an 1 gether comfortable place for a man ; no matter ^ 1 his nerves are like, he is sure to imagine all maim i noises that interpreted mean something dang ? j I know that has been my feeling often, and c j only has got me out of it. ] 