CRUMBS. Measles at Perth. Snow-balling in Albury. Cyclone at Coolac Creek. Hay wants a railway line. A bix-foot pig at the Show. Snow throughont Victoria. Yatala wants a Post - Office. More Bmallpoxin Queensland. Northern locusts object to haiL British gunboats off for Canton. Willowie Show very successful. Princess Beatrice to be married. Cabinetmakers want protection. Twenty feet of water at Echuca. Blne-Jtibbqn Brigade increasing. Another miBsing-link discovered.. Flowers are showing themselves, Locnsts^are eating np Venezuela. A Chicago pawnbroker insolvent! Sir William Milne off for Europe. Henry V. to be played next week. Heavy gales off the Engliah coast. Fiji is no longer an infected place. Laycock's leg is in a bad condition. Sydney excited over libel Question. i Loeklre was accidentally drowned. Inspector Saunders hors de combat. Border Town wants a Court-House. Victorian lonatics number up 3,147. Malignant .diphtheria in Port Fine. Opening wool sales early in October. The hills are covered up with heath. More emigrants on the Eehrweider. The Burra Show was very suocessful. Summer goods in drapers' windows. ' Several accidents at Gawler recently. The Slavs are becoming discontented. Over a million fish reach Sydney daily. A Sailors' Home opened at Melbourne. The Flower Show is to be the next one. New parcels-post great success at home. Glenelg ratepayers object to borrowing. OLeary will walk no more in Australia. The Mississippi Hiveris 4,300 miles long. The laws of cricket have been amended. Launceston is indulging in a Liedertafel. Two foundation-stones laid in one week. Low prices for the Cuzco's cargo of meat. No more resident Magistrates in Ireland. Darling Bhower—a few drops to the acre. Another comet is getting ready for a boom. Babbits increasing fearfully at Wimmera. Ten teams with silverlead ore at Terowie. Darriwell left out in the cold at the Show. Mrs. Langtry threatens to visit Australia. How many Australian Blondins are there? The barque Bonnie Lassie bna gone astray. Cold weather rough on the young ostriches. The Melbourne Athenaeum is to be repaired. Two ladies.' drowned in a lagoon at Euston. There is a plot on foot to rescue O'Donnell. The Show at Mount Bat was very success ful. Natural excess of population last week was 115. Botterdam has been afflicted with Bmall P°x. The Ministry beaten in Committee on Tues day. ^Adelaide journalists going to start a Savage Twelve inches of snow on the Australian Alps. Adelaide oarsmen object to rowing on dry land. England is talkingof paying off her National Debt. New Zealand has been indulging in a tidal wave. Seventy-two hours' walking match- on the tapis. The castle of Cortachy has been burned down. Victoria has something like 915,948 inhabi tants. Ministerial motto —"We are limp; we cling." There are only 1,943 prisoners in New South Wales. Going to have a fine new Church at Me dindie. Chinese in the North starting a new in dustry. All "old residents" prophesying year of plenty. Country on north coast of Devon overrun by rats. Eight bran-new Justices of the fceace ap pointed. General Tom Thumb buried with Mngnn^ honours. West Australia is having an attack of town lot fever. A twenty-two ounce nugget near Talbot. Victoria. French army is being washed ou% of Tonqum. Three feet of rain fallen at Mount Barker this year. Wheat crop of America 12 per cent, below last year. Paper coffee beans in huge demand in America. Ten rams drowned by a tidal wave in West Australia. A seventy-foot whale caught in Victoria this week. Main road near Willunga left in frightful condition. Railway traffic shows an increase of £2,300 for a week. Victoria will not beat us at cricket until February. Proprietors of billiard saloons complain of hard times. Several people fined for cutting timber unlawfully. Sea serpent, thirty yards long, in More combe Bay. Governor was much pleased with the Ade laide Show. They have formed a Working Men's Club in Victoria. Now it is Ballarat that is indulging in earthquakes. Messageries steamer Sydney quarantined at Mauritius. Sir John Pope Henessy's first levie was a hybrid affair. Corps of mounted infantry to be formed in British army. Even Mr. Clyde objects to tacks on bed room carpets. A literary competition draws better than conversazione. India's wheat export to Europe this year biggest known. Child found in New South Wales with his skull fractured. Africa compliments South Australia on her ostrich farming. Sir James Martin-et iB what they call him m Sydney now. Fust Water backed for £76,000 .to win the Melbourne Cup. The Marine Board going to investigate at Althorpe Island. A Company proposes to settle 50,000 immi grants in Canada. A new method of Aldermanic voting leaving the room. Procrastination is the thief of time; lazi ness its murderer. Thoroughbred Firefly stallion burned to death at Reeling. Reported that Kent netted £200 by using the inner harbonr. Duchess of Cambridge oldest member of Eoyal Family—86. System of apprenticeship almost aban doned in Victoria. . , . . Dr. Short is in good health and eiyoying himself in London. George Augustus Sala says Adelaide is In New South Wales. • .. Nobody will grieve to hear that cholera is ^Shores by t^elstinistry—" A Minister's lot is not a happy one." .... . . , Lord Wilton and his jockey nad a close shave on Saturday. . . Will the new baths be finished before the hot weather sets in! . , Two hundred and fifty thousand cartridges ordered tor Victoria. ..... .. A servant giii at Tares committed for the murder of her baby. Late sitting at the House on Tuesday. All talk and little work. ..... . The Exhihitinn building in Melbourne is a huge white elephant. .. . v . Lay cock bna broken his leg. This cheats Hanlon out of £2,000. ; Port Adelaide boasts a veterinary nomceo pathic establishment. Two hundred tons sugar expected from Territory next season. . ... Several accidents on Saturday in Mel bourne. Carelessness. _ Caltowie people are indignant with .the Minister of Education. - , ...... Eavanagh and Haitian, it is-' said, left on the SaghaBen for Suez. _ __ . Only an inch of rain in the Northern Ter ritory since November. ■ . Our nautical Wardens cannot agree on a question of navigation. ■ „ The SpiritnaliBts met on Sunday, and re lated their experiences. Mayor of Sydney very warm about the libel laws of the colony. Emulation again awarded first prize among thoroughbred stallions. Rev. F. R. Coghlan accepted incumbency St Bede's, Semaphore. Grass in galore almost everywhere. Bush fires may be looked for. Mr. Terry crossed the English Channel on a tricycle in eight hours. Charcoal paid £27 9a. in tne soon-to-be extinguished totalizator. The father of the Government thraahed his fond darling on Tuesday. Shipping dull at Port Adelaide; a busy time anticipated shortly. Port Augusta, has a Skeleton Army. Ade laide is to have one soon. .... No grass in the Wimmera district) owing to the ravages of rabbits. An English cyclist lately made a hundred miles in 5 h. 50 m. 6£ sec. No bridge over the Murray at Masons Crossing. That's settled. Northern Territory looking up at the pros pects oi the new railway. . Kangaroo Island wants increased facilities for shipping.. No wonder. San Francisco street lamps extinguished until city pays big gas bilL Fifty thousand persons present at a Laud League meeting at Carrick. J, H. An gas was very fortunate in secur ing prizes at the Big Show. . . Are all the trees and shrubs in Coglius Garden" to be destroyed ? Nairne line can only carry 5,000 passengers to the bills on November 9. . Fire Brigade's charge for extinguishing fire in uninsured flue, £26 13s. 1 French will soon have twenty-seven fight ing ships of mewest type. English apple crop expected to be the most productive for many years. ,. , ., Yanderbilt bought Somersetshire baronet b pictures for 550,000 dollars. ■ In New Zealand they seek to prevent the Civil servants from voting. Half-yearly dividend, fifty shillings per share, Bank of Australasia. An ensilage pit opened last week. Con tents in splendid condition. ...... lady Diana collided with Port Adelaide Lighthouse; both damaged. The male Horwitz in the Sydney divorce suit got a verdict and £5,000. Two hundred pounds to be paid for writing I a history of South Australia. . Neveda editor returns thanks for four strings of delicious sausages." The Sydneyites are indignant at the pre sent libel laws of that colony. More plumbago and manganese have been discovered near Port Lincoln. ... The dandelion is hard at work making hay fever with very good results. . , Sir J. Pope Heneasey ingratiating himself frith the natives of Mauritius. They are apologizing in England for send ing the informers to Australia. The Duke of Hamilton's Ossian won the St. Leger Stakes at Doncaater. , Mr. Mais thoroughly believes in the Ame rican engines. Oh, Mr. Tkow. - Paul, the French communist, has been committed for trial at Ballarat. j The Land laws are engrossing the attention I of statesmen all over the world. Twelve more carriages and two engines ordered for the Nairne Railway. The smoke nuisance in London causes an annual vote of a million sterling. The Hungarian Jews triumphantly ac quitted of murdering Christiana. Mr. Scott, Secretary Calcutta Exhibition sailed in the Assam for Calcutta. . Strained relations exist between Victorian blacksmiths and their employers. Mr. Beaglehole is willing to go to the New Hebrides for his taxation scheme. A railway guard in New South Wales killed his assistant the-other day. Lots of rain up country, and farmers are nibbing their hands with delight. The opening ceremonies at the Calcutta Exhibition will be very imposing. Valuation of New Yorks real estate for current year reaches SI,079,130,699. _ Italian resident of Sydney lost sixty-two relatives by earthquake at Ischia. City Land Investment Company pays another dividend of 2s. per share. Rejoice Port Pirieans 1 Two iron lighters building for you at Port Adelaide. Has Mr. George Collins Levey cut out Mr. Twopeny on his Exhibition scheme ? Twenty-six cases of sunstroke in New York in a day. Many of them fatal. Think of one poor little sheep carrying a fleece weighing over thirteen pounds. _ Secretary of the Mooroopna Hospital got two years in prison with hard labour. Adelaide Milling Company intend deepen ing several Port Pirie wharf frontages. His passengers still keep up the crusade against Captain Rowley of the Pathan. In China the natives chase and stone Europeans; here we reverse the thing. _ Sir W. Morgan is opposed to annexation of the New Hebridea by England. Whyt Rev. Mr. Strong's resignation accepted, and he can preach what h° pleases now. _ Tenders have been called for pnrchasmg and removing Queen's Warehouse, Port. . Thomas Whitton committed suicided at Sydney with a double-baralled shot gun. The lawyers of Port Adelaide have had nothing to do at the Police Court lately. The Chief Justice of Western Australia sang at the people's concert on Satnrday. A party of police has departed for the North to punish outrages by t he natives. Accountants shouldnever strikea balance. TKey frequently get tripped ap by them. _ Rev. Mr. Manns seceding from the Primiti\ Methodists to join the Congregationalists. _ \- We lost one citizen more by emigration ] last week than we gained by immigration. Unless the milkman is honest, even an Aldernev cow may give BUBpicioua results. Lady tricyclist lately travelled from Liver pool to Newcastle (102 miles) in 16} hours. New Zealand contributed 6,600 carcases of ' mutton to the larder of London last week. English Press condemn Captain Johnstone, of H.M.S. Dryad, for being too bumptious. Can and Boyd supposed to be lost while travelling from Queensland for Kimberiey. One hundred and fifty pounds is what they pay in Sydney for stepping off a steamboat. It is fashionable now-a-days, near West• Australia, to have showers of calcined sand. Professional land surveyors, it is said, are working for 4s. 6d. a day in South Australia, Two Sydney Domain preachers and their followers indulged in a free fight on Sunday. Onlv 5}d. for theCuzco mutton. That sent | from New Zealand brought Id. per lb. more. The rival tradeB again occupying the attention of honourable members in Victoria. It takes two big, strapping: bushrangers in ] New South WaleB to rob alittle 15-year-old girl. Those palm trees, set out by the Chief Jus tice, are a great improvement to the Park Lands. There are about 700 lumpers at Port Ade laide, and more than half of them daily out -J of work. The footpaths on North-terrace esplanade wonld make a fine plaoe for a stamp- jumping contest. Another Association added to Port Ade laide. More power to the South Australian coasters. Strange everybody objects to Parliamen tary Buildings site, and yet the work is going on. Toad-street Bridge is nearly completed. It will develope the northern portion of Port Adelaide. First lot of new season's wool clip arrived at Morgan and Goolwa. More power to the shearers. Stanley, the New York Herald correspon dent, aspires to the dignity of an African monarch. Norwoods beat Sonth Adelaide very easily on Saturday—gave them a regular Musette Surprise. Prince Alfred College sports on Saturday very successful. Lady Robinson distributed the prizes. The Park Lands are so covered with young trees that there is not room enough for the Cricket Clubs. New Zealand Legislature again refuse to allow the introduction of Bible- reading in public schools. The Bishop has been exchanging presents with the Jemidar of the Afghans and indulging in camel-riding. Erysipelas, caused by blood-poisoning, was the complaint of which Mr. Alexander Smith, shipowner, died. When New Zealand builds a lighthonse she pays for it out of Estimates, but South Aus tralia out of loans. Does Sir Thomas Elder like the idea of his handsome present to the city being used as a preaching platform ? Mr. Enrner don't care anything for the Press, and has nothing to thank them for. This is too touching. Purse-trick man kindly removed from Show ' Ground by policeman, so he Should not get taken in by. anybody. -I It is affirmed that Northern Territory sugar cost over £200 per ton to produce. But better results are in prospect. They are building a fence to prevent the j citizens from seeing the Parliament House built ou the wrong site. Emigrant ship, bound for New Zealand, foundered in the English Channel on Mon day. All hands saved. Another windfall for the lawyers — the defendants in An gas v. Cowan and others to j ask for leave to appeal. Spencer's Gulf optional pilotage is a Marine Board bone of contention. There was a (lis pute over it last week. Residence of A. Carmichael, J.P., a worthy Scot, formerly of Morphett Vale, in ruins at j Telowie. Cause—fire. "An area of anticyclonic pressure still en velopes the continent"—Charles Todd, Go vernment Astronomer. Phylloxera-infected land in Geelong Dis trictjrecommended to he trenched, ploughed, and laid down in grass. English Press severe on Earl Derby for curtoeBS towards the colonies — "almost amounting to insolence." It is claimed that Magistrates cannot re fuse applications for wine licences if made by persons of good character. Fifteen thousand cigar-makers recently Btruck in New.York. The whole affair, however, ended in smoke. City Council think they should have power | to lease Cricket Oval on South Park Lands. Others hold same opinion. Northern Territory sugar sold last week. Samples good except for colour. Prices rea lized, £2415s. and £2215s. Councillors quarrel over a Chinaman's reli gion. No instance on record when Chinkie j turned the tables on them. More trucks for conveyance of cattle down Great Northern Railway to be supplied shortly; not before wanted. Circus clown at Noumea, who was playing at being killed in a duel, fell at the right moment, but died in reality. The attention of the Upper House was called to the publication of sweep advertise ments in certain S. A. papers. People in the North won't be 'outdone by the City with its Town Clerk's Avenue. They have an Alderman's Dam. In spite of bad times, the revenue from the Customs, including Northern Territory,for one'.week reached nearly £17,000. The Christian Crusaders have all the Park Lands cn which to preach, and yet they ; want our Rotunda and Esplanade. Mr. Haines thinks a legislator needs a social skin, a physical skin, and a moral skin. Actors require one more—a buskin. A Victorian telegraphed bis sympathy to a friend who had lost an important lawsuit, and made him pay for the message. Mr. Care is rough on the Chief Secretary, who he says does not feel strongly on any questions, not even those of policy. , Hon. Mr. Baker says the members don't j Want money sent outof the colony for sweeps, and yet they oppose the Totalizator. Dr. Mnrray Gibbes attracts a good deal of attention from the French physicians with his blue gum steam cure for diphtheria. Some wool grown near Strangways Springs, after being scoured, has realized 2s. 3d. per lb. Moral—Push forward our railways. Timet of India recommends umbrellas for Indian Army, and says there are many occa sions when they would prove a great boon. In the last six years fTnnlim has made £10,000 by inducing other fellows to row with him. Laycock should take warning by this. Marine Board object to the Railway De partment getting to the windward by avoid ing tonnage and wharfage dues at Port Pirie. Mr. Mildwater, of Sydney, becoming too rough on the Manly boat, will have hishack excoriated and be imprisoned for six months. -Future tax list of members who do " core lor the Press. One speech on annexation,. Improvements on same by reporters, Mr. Murray acid other fortunate compe titors believe firmly that a Judge can do no wrong. The unsuccessful ones are not so sure of this. A report was abroad on Saturday that the Kent was aground on the inner bilge, bnt the fact was that she had a list towards the wharf. . Future tax l&ts; are to read as follows:— One pair Johnny's trousers, 4s.; improve ments by new seat and knees on the same. 2s. 6d. Ninety-two persons were charged in the Dnblin Police Court for having lighted' bon fires in commemoration of the death of James Carey. ■' Expert evidence is 'puzzling. In the Port shipping ease there were two surveyors and. two coopers on each ride to sustain opposite opinions. _A bitten citizen gave a dog in custody on Tuesday, and a policeman, tying himself-to the dog by a piece of nope, took the culprit to the station. Caledonian and Port shinty teams match not ended owing to a dispute. Caledonians left the ground, to the disgust of the spec tators. Victoria now is making it lively for Captain Hberry, of the immigrant-riiip Yeoman, -for supplying insufficient and baa food on het voyage. Good all-ronnd sermon by Justice Boncaut to brokers, barristers. Bogus and Insurance Companies, policy-holders, and pigeons. Full Moon on Monday. In olden timeB con ductors of lunatic asylums sonndly castigated their patients at such periods to counteract lunar mflnence. We have already this year sent away to feed the hungry In other places 21,632 toar of wheat and 48,885 tons of flour. Next year we will do better. Great waste of time City Council Monday. Mayor disgusted, summarily adjourned meet ing. This course would be salutary if more frequently followed. " From him that hath not shall be taken even that which he hath" is a puzzle to Mr. C. C. Kingston. He wants to know how the^ man is to pay his taxes. At the roit Darwin races the audience, not relishing the way the races were being con tested, went off and had a picnic in another - portion of the grounds. ScmaphoreanB want to know the reason why the jetty improvements take so long, and whethor the baths promised them will be ready for the ensuing Bummer. Mr. Kingston in the House apologized to the Chief Secretary for saying that a mario nette was wooden - headed. Nobody was equallyjpolite to the marionette. The French are killing their prisoners at Tonquin; not the first time they have been accused of this. Some of the savages in the Pacific Islands do the same thing. Axiom by Hon. John Carr—lf the Chief Secretary's earnestness were equal to his. dexterity, he would be one of the leading, statesmen of the Southern Hemisphere. Port Adelaide Poultry Society him paid, away £90 in prizes, and has £40 to begin the next quarter with. Keen competition exist ing between the city and Port Societies. Captain Shaw, of the ship Borealis, has to pay £42 and costs for " a loss of spirits." On the other hs.nd the silk-gownsmen fought with new spirits and secured " refreshers. The Marine Board prohibit their officers - from engaging in Sunday work, but why do they work themselves on Sundays by visiting - a lighthouse—ride Althorpe's investigation. The Dutch Government will not give Baron NordenBkjold the SO,OCO guilders he claims as - discoverer of North-West passage; the pas sage being of scientific not commercial value. The new passenger-shed at Port Adelaide . is the finest of the kind in the colony; and the castings reflect high credit upon local industry. But why roof it with stained iron?: According to Hon. Mr. Scott, men who read the Australasian can look after them selves ; those who read the Register and Adver riVrcannot. What paper does Mr. Scott take? The reason for erecting the outer half of the Port passenger-shed first pleases the Port, people. It leaves the_ station incomplete, ao that another vote will be more easily ob tained. .Reported that P. Levi & Co. bought in lease_ of the Adelaide Auction Company's premises, Pirie-street, and sold original lease, having 95 years to run, for £8,000,. less commission. List 1 The Hon. ThomaB Hogarth speaketh —" If I had my will I would certainly intro duce a lot of Chimamen." Retort by horny handed~"Thank heaven, the Smitkfield Giant. can't have his way." The Port Literary 'Association found, on Monday night, on hygienic grounds, that smoking was injnrions; but four ladies were brave enough ho vote with the minority for its beneficial qualities. The sisters and cousins and aunts of our representatives don't like fun poked at their - relatives when they have the magic letters " M.P." appended to their names. So Bays. the junior member for Gumeracha. _ A Coroner's Jury in Bailarat declare in a rider that the rnles of football clubs should be altered so as to lessen the danger of rough play. The body upon whom they sat had had his intestines ruptured in tbemanly game. Mr. Haines thinks a legislator ought to be furnished with a moral skin, so that he may know when he has done hiB duty. Tenders should be at once advertised for, and legis lation stopped till members are provided with it. A vote of no-confidence in the Ministry has been passed in the " Model" Parliament.. They won't stand any fanmbug in that Parlia ment. Perhaps the Ministry will apologise, and bang on to their offices. "It's nice robe a Minister." New Tramboy to big burly Director, who exkibits his pass on his albert—" Don't want to see yer jewellery: want threepence from, yer. Hurry up, please." Director, irate, appeals to driver. Mr. Stuart, S.M., at the Local Court— Let me see, Mr. Mann, what is your proper title, Crown Solicitor or Solicitor-General, or what? Mr. Mann—Well, your Hcnor, some call me Solicitor-General, some Crown Solicitor, and some Mr. Mann, Q.C. but generally I'm called " Charlie." A hen, half Spanish and Dorking, owned by Mr. Bickford, which has laid thirty double-yoke eggs out of forty, beat her record on the 17th by contributing one which - measured 7i inches round and 9 inches high, and which contained two yolka, the usual white and a perfect egg of regulation size. Scene in Supremo Court:—Mr. Mann— " Willy ou swear, Mr. Burns, that it took you an hour and a half to drive to the Eagle on-the-Hill from town ? I myself have often done it under the hour." Mr. Burns—" But you must remember, Mr. Mann, that I was driving my own horse, and perhaps yours was a hired one 1" 