THE DIRECT LIRE TO BALLARAT. DEPUTATION TO THE MINISTER OF RAILWAYS. MELBOURNE, Wednesday Evening. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) The Hem, P. Lalor, M.L.A., today intro duced to the Commissioner of Railways a numerous and influentialdeputation, organised, by the Ballanshire Council, to urge the speedy completion of the direct line to Ballarat by the construction of the break between Gordon and Bacchus Marsh. The following is the list of places represented, and the gentlemen present. North-western Province—Hon. James Bell, Hon. David Coutte, Hod. George Young. Southern Province—Sir W. J. Clarke, Bark, Hon, D. Melville, South-Eastern—Hon. James Balfour, Hon. Frank S. Dobson, Hon. James Buchanan. South-Western—Hon, C. J. Jenner, Hon. Philip Russell, Hon. Francis Ormond. Wellington—Hon. James Campbell, Hon. George .F. Belcher. Hon, Henry Cuth bert. Ararat—Hon. W. M'Lsllao. . Avoca— Hon. J. M. Grant and Mr W. Langdoo. Ballarat East—Messrs J. James and. J. Russell. Ballarat West—Hon. W. C--Smith, Messrs Henry Bell and' George R. Fiocham. West Bourke—Hon.. A. Dsakin and S. T. Staughtou. Castiemaine—Hun. J. B. Patter, son. Creswick—Messrs, T. Cooper, R Richard’ son, and W. Wheeler. Grant—Hou. P. Lalor and Mr John Rees. Grenville—Messrs D. M. Davies and A.Youog.'Ripon and Hampden—- Mr W. H. TJren." StawelL—Hon. J. Woods. Wimmera—'Messrs.9. Baker and.W. Madden. Delegates,—City of. Ballarat, Town of Bab larab of East-—Parliamentary representatives. Boroughs:—Borough of Ararat—Cr Nott,. mayor, and Cr Flattely. Browns and Scars dale—Mr Alex/Young, M.L.A. Buninyong— Cr D. M. Davies, M.L.A , dunes, Creswick— Cr Thus. Cooper, M.L.A Horsham, Sebasto pol, Smytbesdale, Ainaud, Stawell—Par liamentary representatives. Shires:—Ararat— President and secretary, Avoca—Cr Wills. . Ballan—Cr . M'Culloch, president; Cr Bisk ', J.P.; R. H, Young, secretary; C. H. Lyon.. Biccbua Marsh—Cr G. Grant, president, Bal larat—W. H. Uren, M.L.A., president. - Bum inyong—Cr Kennedy. Bungaree—President and secretary. Creswick, Grenville—Parlia mentary representatives. Dunmunkle—Pre sident and secretary. Kowree, Lowan, Melton —Cr Hornbuckle, president, and Cr H. W. 8 aughton; Ripon—Cr Cushing, J; P. fll (eot. St. Arnaud, Stawell—Parliamentary representatives. Wimmera, Lexica—Cr Pinch. Koroit—Cr Ogle, Mr Lalor, in incrodnciog the deputation,, stated that the object was to impress upon the Minister the necessity of letting , the line •amongst the very first contracts. The want of the l*ne was now severely felt day by day. He pointed out that the laud between Keilor and r . Gordon was.the oldest settled in the colony, and had realised high prices. Tlie line had-, been passed in the late Railway Bill. SMajor Smith said there was a general con census of opinion in favour ofrthe line. No member in the House could oppose it. The line would ultimately connect with the inter colonial system of Adelaide. 1 Mr Staughton urged that the line should be* the very first.one constructed. Mr Reea, in supporting the request, im pressed upon the Minister the fact that there was always a great scarcity of trucks. If this line was made, 40 trucks would be released for general traffic. Mr M'Culloch stated that the district was most fertile one, and any. quantity of timber could be obtained in the district. At present a very large quantity of timber was periodically' destroyed by bushfires. If the line was made Ballarat, Smeaton, Creswick, and all the great mining centres could be supplied with timber,, firewood, &c.; It was to the interest of -the* local bodies to have the line made, as they* could not keep the roads in proper repair, and but for the assistance of the Public Works Department that wonld be impossible. Mr Blake aI?o supported the request. ■ Mr James, M.L A , on behalf of the shire of Bungaree and the Town of Ballarat East ad vocated the speedy construction of the line. Dr Dobson stated that the difficulty up to the present time had been the Geelong interest. The Geelong people, however, were now to a certain extent silenced as they wanted railway extension to the westward. Both Houses had practically consented to the construction of the line, which he supported most heartily. Mr Z»al gave the line bis hearty support, and stated that it should have been madeyears ago. Mr, W. Madden stated that all the Wimmera people cordially supported the speedy con* etruction of the line, for the very excellent reason that it would bring them 30 miles closer to Melbourne, It would enable them to grow wheat cheaper than at present. _ Mr Cooper said that both Houses had prac r tically favoured the line. Mr D. M. "Davies expressed a hope that the line would be one of the first made by tho Government. t . Mr Woods stated that there was no need of speaking in favour of the line, which bad been practically passed by Parliament.. He thought the least the Government could do would be to authorise its construction by means of a separate bill. , Mr M'Lellan strongly supported the line. Mr Baker, whilst, fully supporting tho re» quest, said he could nob sit there and bear gen tlemen say that this was the most urgently required line in the colony. The Murfcoa to Sheep Hills, and DimbooU to the Border lines were much more badly wanted. After some further discussion, Mr Gillies replied that of course he was well aware of the importance of the line, and be assured them that their representation would receive every attention.at his bands. 