Moama* November 24. During the past week work has teen very brisk at the Echuca Wharf. A large number of 6teamers wim their barges arrived from the Murrumbidgee, laden with wool. Several steamers left for the River Darling with large cargoes of general mer chandise. In addition to other cargo, one boat and barge took away 3000 bags of chaff. ^ . The woman Gullev, whom I mentioned last week as having been i thrown out of a buggy and seriously injured, is progressing favourably, . The doqv ox a man was ooservea nuuuug aunu mc miunj , near the Vi'ttorian bank, on Tuesday morning. Information was given to tbe Echuca police, who took the body out of the river. . The remains were- greatly decomposed and altogether beyond recognition, owing to the flesh having evidently been eaten off by fish. Medical evidence went to show that death was the result of drowning. A constable stationed at Mooroopna, Victoria, stated that the remains resembled those of a man named William Loughbridge, who was missing from Coomboona in July last.- A magisterial inquiry wae held, and a verdict of 'found ) . drowned' was returned. '»ld.7«fiiewhat diaastroffli trash-flre occurred at-Tfttalia, about ; thtee -Sailes from ^foama, $n Wednesday last. - Upwards of 800 acres of grass werei-fcurjied and s lot of fencing, line selector [ lost three acres of wheat, and Messrs. BerrymanRrotoers had 20 tons of hay burned; It whs only by the most strenuous exertions - that toe fire was got under. It lg surmised that the fire originated v' through some travellers lighting a fire near a grass paddock. Too „ much care cannot be exercised at the present time, as the grass is unnsnally long and as dry as tinder. One act ot .carelessness would ruin many hard-working selectors. Rome 'people across the river are determined to riilarge the 'cabbage-garden' at all cost, at the expense of New South Wales, and so fully are their minds set on thte object that they are daily engaged in taking our territory over to Echuca by cart loads. In addition to carting away our loam and sand, large numbers of wood-carters are denuding onr forests for the benefit of Victoria. Onr protectionist neighbours have lately been afforded an op portunity of seeing what can be done by freetrade. Messrs. Manning and Co., of Echuca, have opened an establishment here, and got up a large stock of drapery under bond, aud the prices at which they are selling their merchandise have astonished the Ecliucaites. 'Many of them find their way to Moama now in search ' of bargains, and axe not disappointed. . A remarkable case of fidelity on the part of an old terrier (a v Dandy Dinmont) was lately brought under my notice. A gentle- il man had to drive a journey of 17 miles, and his dog followed him, 1 .unobserved. The owner, on returning, missed the animal, and ?. 1 went back to look for it, bnt his search proved unavailing. A ! 1 month elapsed without the dog turning up, and all hopes of finding - 1 it were dismissed. On going to toe gate one morning, the owner : 1 was very much surprised to see his old. favourite, who had re- ? 1 turned after such a length of time. The poor brute was as ' thin ; j as a rake ' and scarcely able to crawl, all its feet being quite raw. ' The dosr was brought from Sydney, and is almost blind and deaf, ; j being 21 years old, r ^ Since my last the Murray rose considerably here, and registered ( 22 feet 9 inches above summer level, owing to a flood in the Goul burn. It is now stationary. - A public meeting was convened at Moama last night by Mr. J. M. Chanter (the local delegate at toe late Land Law Conference \ in Sydney), to explain what had been done by that conference ( \ and its views on the bill at present before the House. The attend- ' ance was small, owing no doubt to the fact that farmers are in mid-harvest. Mr. Chanter ably and exhaustively compared the Land Bill with the Land League manifesto, and explained where they differed. He told toe meeting that there were a few clauses in the manifesto that he did not agree with, and which clauses he had unavailingly tried to get altered, especially that one giving only half of the runs in toe Western district to the pastoral tenants. Mr. Chanter's actions met with the approval of the meeting. Another bushfire took place at Womboota, near Perricoota station, on Wednesday, and a selector lo'Bt about 20 acres of wheat, 300 acres of grass, and a lot of fencing. The u eather during the week has been very hot. On Friday it was 98 degrees in the shade. To-day is cooler, and a thunder storm is threatening. 