LARGE FIRE AT BROWNHILL GREEK. One of the largest bush-fires that have ever taken place in the Mount Lofty Ranges broke out at Brownhill Creek on Sunday morn-<*> ing. January 28. At 11 o'clock in tbe morning smoke mi first Boon issuing from a damp of trees on the pro perty of Mr. John Williams, a grazier, at Brownbill Oeek. Assistance was at once rendered to endeavor to get tbe BamcB under, bat all efforts proved futile, and the devouring element rapidly sped over tbe grounds. A strong wind was blowing at the time, and as the sun was thining fiercely the odds were all in favor of tbe fire. In the place where the fire firet burst cut there was little but dry grass and stumpy trees, which blazed with great rkiceness. The locality in question 19 situated between high ranges, and the wind was there fore er.abled to carry the flames along into the adjoining paddocks. At one time there was pieat danger that the homestead of Mr. Williams would be fired, bat the wind suddenly veered round to the north fast, and the dwelling-house was saved. The fire then spread on to the property of Mr. H. Foster, adjacent to that of Mr. Williams. There was a lot of demsc timber and under* growth here which rapidly caught fire, and the fiery element extended over the whole of the land. A portion of Mr. Foster's holding, consisting of 2JO acres of grazing land, was completely burned, and tie damage done is estimated at several hundred pounds. In addition to this nearly the whole of Mr. Fosters fencing was de molibheu, the damage in this matter being roughly estimated at £150. So far this gen tleman has been the heaviest loser by the fire. When the fixe broke out about 30 neighbors came to the rescue, but their efforts proved unavailing, as aided by a wind the flames spread with great rapidity. At 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon Lance-corporal Hewitt and three constables were dispatched from the city to the scene of the conflagra tion. They chiefly confined their efforts to keeping the fire from, spreading across the Bheaoak Eillroid ir.io tie Govern mftntfawn. The flames broke into the farm several times, but their advance was checked for a time. At 2 o'clock the fire obtained a good hold' at sonth-eaet corner of tbe farm, and got utterly beyond the control of the troopers. It was thought, however, that the farm would Euffer little damage, as the wind was frequently changing, anditseemedatthetime our reporter left the scene that at any moment the wind would change and blow the fire back on to the road, where little harm could be done. Somewhat late on Sunday evening additional troopers were despatched from the city, and they all used their best efforts to prevent the tire obtaining hold on the farm. Although the conflagration covered a large area and there are several dwelling-houses in the vicinity, the greatest indifference was manifested by the neighbors, most of whom having turned out at an early period of the day, presumably with the object of render ing assistance, retired wfcen tbe fire was at its greatest height early on Sunday evening. Lance-corporal Hewrtt early in the after noon tent over to Uelair asking for assis tance from the residents, bat the appeal met with but a very feeble response. To show the hold which the tire obtained it may be mentioned that numbers of opossums were discovered roasted whole, having apparently dropped front the trees stupefied by the smoke. It was hoped that before morning the wind would have died away, and that all farther danger would be adverted. If on the other Lard this should not prove to be tbe case, there is font little donVil that the fire would spread to the whole of the ranges and gullies adjoining. In such an oven the damage doce will be by no means inconsider able, as the hills and gullies are thickly covered with timber, and there are a number of market gardeners in the neighborhood, who would be Leavy losers shouid their property be attacked. * 