SLOVENLY FARMING AND SOIL ROBBERY. TO THE EDITOR, Sir—Some twenty-five years ago_ I was travelling of necessity on a Sunday in what was then considered " the North." The way was long, the sun was hot, my swag was heavy, and I was very glad indeed when I arrived at a wayside inn. 1 knocked at the closed door, for I was very hungry. No answer. I knocked again somewhat louder than before, when round the end of the house appeared a vision of three fair girls. " I say young man," said one, " you needn't make such a row; that door's locked. The master and misses are gone to K to Church, and they've locked the bar up." I falteringly tried to explain that the cupboard and not the bar contained the objects of my desire, but it would not do. The fair trio resolved themselves into a chorus to condole with me in my unfortunate position, " What a shame," said oue, " to lock the bar up; they could surely go to Church without that." " A shame!" quoth the second, " it's a disgrace. How disappointed this poor boy must be after his lmg walk." " Yes," chimed in the third, "and if it had been a gentleman it would have been all the same." Now these young ladies had no intention of insulting me ; they were trying to be civil to me, vet one called me a poor " boywhile another coolly intimated that I was no gentleman. Now it certainly is the duty of an agricultural reporter to report the success of any experiment in agriculture, but if it be done in the style of the above third young lady's condolence—if in praising the management of any particular person language he used, perhaps unwittingly, to the effect that the hulk of the farmers of the colony do not know how to pliugh, and harrow, and cross-harrow as it ought to he done, you will certainly fiua that ollence will be taken. Still I should be sorry to think that any of us were over thin-skinned, and it might pass and the matter drop; hut there is not the slightest doubt that politival if not financial damage has been done to us by so much talk about slovenly farming and soil - robbing. There is very little slovenly farming done in the colony. Harrowing stubble in is not necessarily slovenly farming. In your advo cacy of deep cultivation you do not demand that the whole depth should be turned up, only the upper portion. That only differs from harrowing ia degree, nothing else. Land ploughed four or live inches deep last year, if still loose, will do very well this year if harrowed. I have had good crops off harrowed land. In dry years it will beat ploughed land, and the deeper the ploughing the greater the victory. This, of course, is opposed to the teachings of scientific agri culture. My way of accounting for it is this —In dry years we have say ten inches of rainfall. A great deal of this falls in light sprinkles. It these fall on a fiuely broken surface, the upper inch is damped and the wheat plant gets a drink. The soil under this, though loose enough for the plants' roots to penetrate, is firm enough to prevent the too rapid descent of the not too abundant moisture. Lot these sprinkles fall on six or seven inches of dry dusty clods, and it is wasted. Now if the ten inches fell in sudden plumps—an inch or an inch and a half at a time, then the deep ploughing would distance the liarrowiug easily; but it never falls 60 in dry years, and therefore we do the best our experience teaches. It is a common mistake for non-farmers if they see a field weedy to put it down to slovenly farming. That is not always a fair conclusion to jump to either. I have known land to be ploughed twice, scarified and drag-harrowed and then not give a clean crop. It suits some people's books exactly to create an impression that we farm in a slovenly manner from clioice—because it is our low, dirty nature to do so. We do the best we can, and tlie_ man who does not do so, will soon find himself out at elbows. To show how unscrupulous our enemies are I will just point out a fact or two in the matter of " soil-robbery." This is an old cry under a new name. You, Sir, are responsible for the name, but the cry is a very old one. This is the burden:—The farmer takes everything from the soil, but returns nothing. The squatter takes nothing off the soil, and the land enriched by the droppings of the the State." T sheep, " thereby enriching the State." I am sure you will admit this is a very general cry —I have known a Judge to cry it on the Bench. Now, sheep iTossess no creative power—whatever they drop they have taken off the land. Sometimes when well starved they will eat very coarse tussocks, porcupine, black grass, &c.;, and in mastication and digestion liberate small—very small—quanti ties of mineral plant-food for the benefit of the nutritious grasses; but a bush-fire will do this much more effectually. I defy any chemist to deny this. And this is the im provement the squatters blow about. It certainly is enough to burst them. Then, as for taking nothing off the soil—that is what the Minister of Education would call a " mistake five times deep." Those runs, now called the "Areas," formerly sent off from twenty to thirty pounds of wool and a sheep's body every four years. This is not soil " r—oil, ' " robbery—oil, dear, no! What in the cocky is flat soil-robbery in the squatter is "im Xirovement." I should be sorry for you to think that we set our backs up against any teaching or any improvement in agriculture. I have spoken to dozens of farmers, and they are all willing to try concentrated manures if obtainable at reasonable prices. It is no use discussing scientific agriculture until superphosphate and nitrogenous compounds are more easily obtainable than at present. Victoria is much ahead of this colony hi this. Let those who wish to go into wattles and otlier promisiug plants or iuto deep cultivation; we prefer to depend on wheat, it being such a hardy plant, and to cultivate as experience teaches. Our friends cry out for an Agricul tural College. We want a Gavernment Manure Factory and Depot where unadul terated manures might be procured. To establish the former before the latter is like a man bi'inging stock and implements before he has a selection. Professor Custance says that wheat can be grown continuously with the aid of superphosphate and nitrate of soda. " Thereueeds no ghost, my lord, come from the grave to tell us this. The Pro fessor might just as well tell us that the way to get rich is to dig up a lot of big nuggets. Unless he could show us where to find the nuggets his words would be idle, and until such times as concentrated manures are procurable the talk about slovenly farming and soil-robbery partakes of the nature of railing, and the greater part of it quite uncalled for. I am, Sir, &c.;, J. A. F. 