[ INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. I -:-.» [BY SUBMARINE CABLE ] f- a 3 A Y i - ; t , - [FROM OUR OWN OOBBESPONOENTS ] SKI VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, DBCEMDKII 10. Tho Earl and Countess of Rosebery and j Sir G. W. and Lady Dos Voux visited Sun- bury on Saturday, at the invitation of Sir W. Clarke On Monday, accompanied by scvoral membors of tho Government, they visit Ballarat and will inspect a number of .tho leading minea. Applications from men desirous of joining the now military forco aro being received in largo numbors. No idea has yet been formed of tho probable total, but it is expected to bn very satisfactory. Mr. Graham Berry roturncd from Sydnoy on Saturday. Mr. Edward Dix Pitman, an inspector in tho Postal and Telegraph Service, has been arrested at his rcsidenco at East Melbourne on a chargo of intent to connut a folony. , NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, DECEMBER 10. ' Mr. Graham Borry left for Molbourno on Friday afternoon. Tho position of affairs as -regards postal charges on lottcrs, per tho Orient and P. and 0. Co.'a stcamcts, is mi changed, with tho excoption that Mr. Berry understands Mr. Stuart's offer to have been 15s. or 10s. a pound weight on letters going by tho P. and 0. Co.'s steamers. Mr. Berry expects to receive 10s. if tho arrangements aro finally agreed to. All letters posted after the despatch of a mail by the Orient Co.'s stoamer will bo sent by tho P. and 0. Co.'s boats, unlessothorwiso marked. A telegram has boon received by the Colonial Secretary from tho Agcut- Goiieral, stating that the isteamer Abcrgoldio sailed fiom London for'Sydny on the 12th inst. with 041 immigrants. Tho Abcrgedldie is tho first;'of tho' Orient' Lino of immigrants steamers under the new contract with tho Government.- '['i j \ To próvido for meeting the recent stone- walling in tho Assembly tho Government ,prooured some 75 beds with pillows, ulan kots, etc..i from i tho Government stores, which wore placed barrack fashion in the ¿Legislative' Council Chamber in order that their supporters might get intervals of rest. -, r- iT TI/ > .-_. / < ' QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, DECEMBER 10. 1 I Among the passengers by tho Tannadice is Mr. Romilly, Deputy Commissioner ofr the Pacific Islands.' 'Ho' comes last'from Now Guinea, having- visited Now Ireland, Now Britain, and tho Lachlan Islands. ;j At tho latter it'was lerJoitcd to him that tho cap- tain of tho schooner Stanley had' kidnapped at least 17 islanders from tho chief island 'of the group. It was fui ther stated that tho crow of the Stanloylhad,' in ordeV'to intimi dato tho natives, destroyed their cocoanut, banana', and other plantations, and (¡rod at them repeatedly, and^ threatened to blow up tho whole placo if the recruits required wero not sent off. 'Themen asked, for wero then sent. 'It was further stated that tho crow of the Stanley had previously burnt a store belonging to a Gorman because ho had ex- plained to the natives that tho recruits had engaged, thomsqlycs for threo years instead of threo months, as it is alleged had been íe prosonted to thom hythe Government agont.' [From tho Molbourno papors.] , VICTORIA. -' *" BALLARAT, December 12. ' A local option meeting was held in tho 'Alfred >Hiili' this evening, at 'which a"bout 1,000 persons woro.present. I Tim mayor^of itho city, presided. , On tho platform ' woro also Mr. j Mirams, .M.L.A., Mr. Russell,' M.L.A., Mr, Valo, tho socrotary of tho Viet toriancoAllianco, and a number of clergyman of various denominations. Tho following roi solution was cariicd :-" That in viow of tho manifold'cvils arising frota tho liquor trnfliq in Victoria, this meeting is of opinion that à logal power of restraining the renewal of lil censes should bo'entrustcd to tho ratepayers of each district, so as to provent the manifest injustico_ of forcing"puhlichouscs upon local coinmunitieaMtf opposition to the wish of the Eeoplo." It was also decided to form á ranch of the Victorian Allianco in Ballarat, and to forward a copy of the foregoing reso- lution to tho Premier. < J J j , ,. .SANDHURST, December 12. i A sad occurrence happened last evening at Eaglohawk ; a little boy, the Bon of an old resident named Mr. Edward Bright, was accidentally drowned in a largo underground tank. At an inquest held upon tho body to- day it was olicited i that tho deceased was last seen alivo about 4 o'clock yesterday. His mother sent him for the lioso, und ho must havo gono to tho tank and fallen in. After the disappearance of, the unfortunate little fellow a. search was mado, and his body was ultimately recovered from the tank by means of drags. A verdict of accidental death was returned. COLERAINE, Dccombor 12. The great closing sheep salo at the Mun- tham Station was held to day, when over 35,000 sheep wore disposed of at excellent prices. The best price obtained was given for crossbred wethers, 2,500 being sold at 12s. Öd. A fine lot of cattlo was submitted, and good prices weio rcalisod. Tho salo was conducted hy Messrs. Powers, Ruther- ford and Co. Mr. J. B. Pearson's lease of Muntham having oxpirad, tho lots woro of- fered for positive sale. Tho sale will bo con- tinued to-morrow, when over 100 horses will be offered. EAGLEHAWK, December 12. Eaglohawk celebrated to-day tho formal opening by the Mayal, in tho abBOnco of the Minister of Woiks, of Lake Neangar (abori- ginal nomonolaturo for "Eaglehawk"), a fine shoot of wator, having a superficial area of 101 acres, situated immediately at tho rear of Canterbury Park, and about five inmutes' walk from tho township. A loan of £2,000 was floated about l8 months sineo for tho work, but in addition to tho morn construc- tion of tho lake, which was tendered for at between £1,300 and £1,400, thero wero numerous other necessary works which, up to tho present time, have brought tho total up about £2,800. TALBOT, Decembor 12. The Lexton Shire Council works are at a standstill for want of the necessary labour, which is not to bo obtained in the shire, though advanced wages aro offered for urgent surface worka. Tho farmers com- plain that thoy cannot obtain sufficient hands, and in view of the scarcity of labour the council decided to adjourn until the Fob mary meeting, and call for no tendera until after the harvest. During a very heavy thunderstorm that passed over this district last night, a man named John McDonald, 70 years of age, wa« Beriously injured by lightning. Ho was talk- ing to another man near a tree at his dwell- ing at Blacksmith's Gully, Amherst, whon a vivid flash of lightning shivered tho treo to atoms, and struck him to tho ground scnae IOSB. On being taken to tho Amherst Hos- pital, it was found that tho chief injury was a lacerated wound in the ann. NEW SOUTH WALES. , SVBNEV, Deeombcr 13. The five supposed Frcnoh escapees from New Caledonia were again brought baforo Mr. Buchanan at tho Water Police Court yesterday. Tho police applied for a remand for a week on the ground that the gendarmo from New Caledonia, who was a material witness in tho caBu, had not arrived, but was expected in a few days. The applica- tion was granted. M. Do La Cour, tho French consul, mado application to tho Government, tluough thu Colonial Sceretaiy, foi- the extradition of tho prisoners, but no answer has yot boon received. A telegram lum'been iccol» ed from London announcing the death of Captain John Wil- liams, who at valions time« commanded sovoral well-known AuBtrallan clipporo. Lat- terly ho had the command of tho Parramatta, Tho docc.ised waa for many yeais a member of tho Thames Censen.moy Board, and waa for a long peiiod connected with various organisations foi tho bouelit of uuamon. t Tho Colonial Ticasuier, in compliance with a icqucst inado at a i count meeting of parties iutorostcd in New South Wales w ino, has in utiuctcd tho chief inspector of distilleries to «tate a caso for submission' to the Attornoy Geueml with relation to the law bearing ! upon tho salo in this city of Australian wines, Tho heat to-day in Sydney has boon in- tense Mr. U. C. Russell, tho Government astronomer, reportB that It was ono of the hottest days he has over had to record. The maximum heat registered'99dèg. In the' shade in tho afternoon, and at 9 o clock to- night it was 86dcg. A southerly wind sprang up this evening, but it was moro Uko . tlio blast from a furnace than the cool southerly breeze usually experienced after a wann day. To-night there is a denso white haza over tho sky, characteristic of a hot wind overhead. , Accounts bavo been received from all S arts of the country of excessive heat to oy. At Pooncarie fearful weather pre- vailed. A heavy gale sprang up this after- noon,*' demolishing fences, uprooting trees, and unroofing soveral dwellings. The Poon carrie Hotel was almost entirely unroofed, and tho building was much damaged. Great heat was experienced at Dubbo, whero tho highest reading was 107dog. in the shade. Tho heat was also extremely oppressive at Forbes, whore a large bush-fire is raging in the vicinity of tho town. A terrifia storm occurred at Nowcastlo at 4 o'clock this afternoon, in the midst of a boiling heat, such as has not been experi- enced for many years in that locality. During tho storm a collision occurred bo tweon the French barque Plata and tho steam tug Bungaree. The barque was car- ried away .from her moorings and drifted against tho Bungaree, smashing tho bul- warks, and levelling them with the decks. Tho baruuo Floronco Treat got foul of the barque Claymore, causing tho latter to loso her îibboom and fore royal. Tho Mcrmion, an American ship, broke away from the dyke, but did not sustain any damage, being brought alongside again by the prompt' aid of the tug. I ho steamer Nemesis was also sent adrift by the Bhock, but gathered hor | sob! together and steamed back to her berth. December 13. With reference to the assimilation of the rates for the carriage of letters by tho Oriont and P. and O. Co.'s steamers, Mr, Stuart has suggested that a compromiso should bo modo, by which the New South Wales Government should pay tho Government of Victoria 16s. per pound for letters carried by tho P. ana 0. Co., and that the Vic- torian Government should pay 12s. per pound to the Government of New South Wales for lottcrs carried by tho Orient Co. This will bo un advantage to New South Wales, which colony, under the old system, paid Victoria 25a. 4d. per pound upon all P. and 0. letters via Brimlisi, upon which tho postage charged to tho public was 8d. New South Wales alao paid the Orient Co. 12s. per pound, and enforced a payment of 10B. per pound from any othor colony by whom tho com- pany were served. Under the old act, which compelled ships to carry letters at a Id. each, Mr. Berry, acting for tho Victorian Government, placed letters on board tho Orient steamers at 4s. 2d. per pound, 50 letters going to the pound, to tho no small profit of his Government. If Mr. Stuart carries his point, tho 253. Id. formerly paid by New South Wales will ho reduced to 15s.; Victoria will pay a fair prico for tho ad vantages sho will receive by tho double sorvico, and tho public will benefit by an assimilation of rates, Owing to tho inter- ruption to the administration of business caused by the contiuuous sitting of the Le- gislative Assembly, no definite decision in' tho matter has been arrived nt, , SOUTH AUSTRALIA. I *- ' ADELAIÖE, December 12. li The tempestuous weather last night did a' good deal of damage, the lightning particu-H larly affecting tho telegraph wires, besides injuring other property. In a few places tho crops were almost destroyed by tho high1 wind and heavy rain. I Early yesterday morning a constable on' duty in Gienfoll-strcot noticed that til o' hoarding roundttlio>Y.M.C.A.,buildings now] being erected was on firo. Ho found that several bags of limo had been exposed to'tho rain. Tho limo had ignited, the bags, and then tho hoarding had Caught fire.I By this early discovery serious damage was ,averted. <_ ? -/ j^ , jj t,l f\<-\\\\\ ' '_'! --.WESTEIÍN 'AUSTRALIA. ' '1 ' ¡i '''.''"'', ' PERTH, December 12. " Tho Perth Inquirer, in'a loading article | to-day, arrives'at the conclusion, that, as rogirda tho^'qucstion of federation, the labours of the Sydney convention will re- sult ¡incompleto failure, the dcoisiou of tho confcrcnco being impotent, lame, and lament-, ablo.. ' ! A native, charged with tho murder of a' shephord, named -MoDonald, at Murchison,! has been airested, and while being convoyed to'the lock;up assaulted, the nativo constable who had him in charge. Tho constable, in self- defence, fired at' tho prisoner,' and tho shot proved fatal. ' ' i .ALTÍANV, Doecmbor 12. ' -MW Matthew Burnott closed 'his temper-! aneo mission in Albany on Saturday night. Four hundred havo taken the'pledge hero.) 'Mr. Burnott arrived in the colony early In' May, and during thoj soven ».months has' spoken 420 times. On Saturday night Mr. Burnott publicly thanked the Press, not only of Western Australia, but also of South Australia and" Victoria. He'ha« tiavelled over a largo portion' of the colony. Two Governors havo taken part in the meetings, and also the Chief Justice and Mr. JuBtico Stono, Bishop Parry, Dean Gegg, the mem- bers of tho Legislature, and nearly all the resident magistrates, Seven thousand and fifty persons havo signed tho pledge, a num- ber equal to one in four of the population. Fivo thousand havo received tho red ribbon badge, and 480 family cards have, boon issued. On Monday afternoon, Mr. Burnott was presented with a purso of sovereigns, con-, tiibutcd by tho people-of Albany. He left for Adolaide by tho s.S. Otway yestorday afternoon. NEW ZEALAND. BLUFF HARBOUR, December 10. The steamer Waihora arrived at ö a,m. froin'Mclhourno direct. Í AUCKLAND, December 13. , Tho cntiro wreck of tho stranded steamer Triumph, including'tho unsaved cargo, was' offered for sale by auction , to-day, and, realised £2,500. ' **-? 