MELBOURNE] (FROM OCR (W'X CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday' -Evening. Those who were present at the meeting, at Lsncefield last evening, aud heard Premiers speech, must hare noticed a want of vigor in Sir Bryan's utterances. He spoke as if he had no spirit in him. I hear that ! the cause of this is, that Sir Bryan O'Loghk-.'i ' has been suffering for some time past from ; an attack of diarrhoea, and was in an almost prostrate condition when ha delivered his speech. I am informed that the contest for Grant is likely to be a peculiar one. Hitherto Messrs. Lilorand R<vs have run together, j but it would appear that the latter is to play J a " lone hand," on this "c ation, and tint Mr. Luplaw goes in as an avowed supporter of Mr. Berry. Mr. Rees' chances of success are undoubtedly very good, and though a silent member of the House, he is evidently a good one, and respected by all his fellow members. A meeting of the Executive Council was held to-day, but nothing of importance was transacted. 1 he annual meeting "of the Melbourne branch of the St. Patrick Society, was held last night. More than" usual interest was displayed in the , election of officers and pre sident. The meeting broke up at 1 a.m. to-day. The following was the result of the election :—President, Michael O'Meara, Si rotes, as against 49 of Martin Hoad. Com mittee, P. Mornane, M. Maloney, J. T. Gregory, E. Nolan, S. Stapleton. J. M. M'Intyre, J. S. Freeman, rt. Scully, M Hoad, E. M'Carfchy, C. O'Callaghan, J. Stone, Ling, and I. W. Howard. 5fA ser:ou3 accident 1 am informed occurred to the Kerang State School. A bushfire rag ing in contiguity to the school room, set fire to the. building, and it was burned to th-n ground. The Government has no money at its disposal to rebuild the place, and there is no building in the locality which could be rented for the purpose. The tenement was not insured, so that the Government sus tained a great loss. A meeting of the Board of Land and Works was held to-day, when the deed of submission between the Government and those nersons claiming damages, sustained by " the Hawthorn Railway accident, was execu j ted. The following are the only claims which j have accepted submission. Henry Grey, gentleman, Kew} Henry Hilliker, Hawthprn ; Richard Aysh,stonemason, Colling wood, and his wife Eliza Maria Aysh : and T. Hoggins, of Fitzroy. Not long ago, Waddington and Company, who photograph celebrated people, including, actors :iiid actresses, sued Dunning and Go. the Opera-house people, for the" cost of a nu*lser of photographs which they had ex ceeded of the-niembers of the company. The plaintiff only asked to be recouped the actual cost of the work, but the 'defendants"alleged that the photographs were to, be taken for nothing at all. The plaintiff it seems did not anticipate tlm defence, and]?eing unprepared with witnesses to meet it, the case was dis missed. This morning a strong attempt, was t.nade by Mr. Gaunson to obtain a rehearing of the ease, in order that witnesses might be called to corroborate Mr. ' Haddington's statement. He based his application upou some informality about the certificate of dis missal, but the bench refused the application aud declined to state a case.. Mr. Gillott wis on the other side. . Some time ago, Mr. Robert Thurling.: who keeps a hotel in Collins-street West; who wa3 proceeded against by the Excise Officer, for a violation or trade marks, by -selling as \- talker's whiskey, a liquor which was alleged not to be the genuine article, the evidence wa3, contradictory, but the bench considered the case proved, and fined the defendant £25 and £10 10s. costs. From that decision, Mr. C. A. S:nyth who appeared for the defen dant, announced his intention of, appealing to a higher court,_ and affcor some delay the case came on. at the General Sessions this morning. Mr. Chomley appeared in support of the conviction,i] and Mr.'-C. A. Smyth for .the applicant The evidence was substan tially the same as was given in the- police court, but the Crown brought- forward an additional witness, whose evidence of him would have told very strongly against ^Mr. Thurling... This individual whose5 name ,is Adolf Klemn had been'employed on the-de femlant's premises. He swore that he re ceived instructions from Mr. Hurling to re move the cap'3<ile from each bottle of whisky, draw the cork, lessen the contents to the extent of a nobbier and a,halt, and fill up with soda water. He further said that he had been instructed to perform a similar pz'ocess with, other spirit3, in fact that he was to doctor the liquor all round: The profound iimpression caused in court by this state ment, was a good deal disturbed when Mr. Sniythe elicited that Klemn had been dis charged for drunkenness,' and that he had endeavored to obtain employment in another hotel on the strength of a document purport ing to be 4 character given hirti by ]VJh'/Thur ling, which he admitted in- the box hiving forged. The case had not concluded at the time of writing. (by; electric telegraph.) Candidates coutinue to. come forward but much . doubt prevails as to .who ' will go to the poll. The sitting members will-: probably ; have a" walkover for West I Bourke.. Mr.-.Gillott has declined to stand I for Richmond. Mr. Holden stands for J Fitzroy ;> Mr. Casey h is been askecl to stand : for, Sandridgc!. . Mr.' Berry and his supporters left by the ordinary train for Geelong to-day. '('he General Session? has confirmed the conviction.of Robert Thurloy, hofcelkeeper, Collins-street, for selling inferior spirit as Walker's whisky. ' A mysterious fire occurred am-mg3t some chemicals stcTocl in the cellar of Hood's shop this afternoon. It was; exfciu;uished with difficulty. Stories ix Stone.—Professor A. L. Knowlton lias just placed anions his I numerous geological collections a fine relic of the Stone Age. The specimen is a stone scoop, resembling the .kind' used, by grocers, and is about 10 .inches in length. - The scoop is of a granite formation, and was discovered by B. F. Billiiigsley in the mines at the junction of the Brush and French creeks, in this country, at a depth cf 15 feet below the surface of the earth. Another scoop was found near the same which was of a- different pattern and much liner workmanship, and also of a different formation, but unfortunately it has been lost. The scoop which Professor Kinwlton has received appears to hive been pretty roughly handled by the action of water and gravel. It has be n thrown among rocks by the wafer, and in its tumbl'iigs has had small pieces broken from either end. ?>Ir. Billingsley also sen.", down some beautiful specimens of crystal quart/, which he found in the French Ore sk c »:ia:ry. II.: has discovered there some queer relics, among hem being pipes, axes, mortars and pestles, and bushels of arrowheads. Tnere is a large mound there on one of the ridges lying between two deep canons, which is thought to contain reli<\s of.mound-builders. For -x long time p st several scientific gentlemen of thecountry have been discussing the subject, and have concluded thai they will make some excavations, and perhaps bring to light many 'tilings of interest. It is probable that this mound contains tools used by a los^ race of people, and perhaps their bones may be found there In some parts of the Pacific Coast, have been dis covered mines which had undoubtedly been worked ages ag > ; especially in the silver mines of Navada are these evidences very plain.—Chico Uccoal. Mrs. Lingtry is now performing at the principal thea,re< of the Southern States, and has met with a very enthusiastic recep tion, the theatres being m >re crowded than was the case when she appeared in the North. 