CHILDREN'S COLUMN. JOHNNY'S ADVENTUEES. No. 3. The 5th of November was approiPU^S, and the boys were looking forward to a play of fireworks, which Mr Arnold bad arranged to get up for their amusement, and the entertainment of his guests. Some time before, our young friends had seen a grand pyrotechnicexhibition which had taken place at the djiening cf Prince's Bridge, and which they had the privilege of viewing from the balcony of a friend's house close by. Sincc then tbey had often begged to be allowed to spend their pocket money in buying squibs and crackers; but as ilr Arnold thought it not unlikely that they would injure themselves if he consented, he strictly forbade them to purchase fireworks or to play with gunpowder in any form He promised that if they obeyed him in this, matter he would have some really pxid fireworks for them to sec on "Guy Fawkes' I>ay." The boys were awakened on the morning of the 5th by loud shouting and laughter, which sounds seemed to come from the back verandah. Quickly drying, they ran out and saw all the servants an? roen about the place congregated round a wheelbarrow, in which rested a most extraordinary man, dressed in a very shabby suit of rustyblack, with a tall hat on his head, and a dark lantern in his hand, smoking a clay pipe. Who are you T' said Johnny. " Why do you keep your head down like that ? liave you hurt yourself! Oh, well if you are too sulky to speak, nobody wants you to." " Perhaps", he is deaf and dumb. Are you?" said Jimmy, kindly, if unnecessarily. " It's a drunk man," said little Willy, solemnly. «Ila, ha, young masters, don't you see its a Guy," said old Bob. "What Guy?" enquired'Johnny. "Why, Guy For to be sure; 'taint a real man, only a imitation stuffed with straw, and to-night your pa will let you see the old fellow blown up with gunpowder on the top of a bonfire." Just then Air Arnold came out and wished to know what all the commotion was about. Johuny pointed to the figure in tue barrow, and enquired why it was called f>uy Fawkes. His papa then told them the story cf the gunpowder plot, which anyone who wishes! to know can read for himself in the " History of England." The boys listened attentively, Jimmy remarking that he understood now the meaning of the- contemptuous expression —"What a Guy!" AB soon as it was dark Mr Arnold and some other gentlemen let off the fireworks. The Catherine wheels especially delighted the boys, and all went off well, except that Johnny received a slight blow from a rocket stick, which, fortunately, came down on his shoulder instead of his "head. Iii the morning the boys searched the garden for remnants of un exploded squibs, crackers, and "jumping jacks," and carried them o? to a remote corner of their paddock,' where, fn & large " mia-mia" constructed by themselves, they could let them off without fear of detection. Some of the crackers were rather damp, and Johnny tried in vain to set a particularly long one alight. "Give it to me," said Jimmy, the cautious, "and I'll by." He put it into a crevice between some rocks, lit a match and placed it close to the cracker, which spluttered a little but wouldn't go off, and, loosing.patience,. Jimmy stooped over the rock and began to blow tbe smouldering edge of the cracker, when suddenly crack ! crack ! bang ! it went right up into poor Jimmy's face, who felt as if he were struck by a whip, and when Johnny looked he was bonified to see that his brother's face was blackened, and his eyelashes, eyebrows, and hair singed by the explosion.. " I say, he observed, " won't you catch it, JimiiiJ'' Whatever did you go blowing it for? Tour face looks as if it bad been fried." "You'll catch it more for being the eldest, and leading mo into mischief as usual," sagely remarked his brother; " but let us run quickly, and get mamma to put some lime-water and oil on my face—it's jolly sore." They were soon in their mother's room, Johnny rushing in first with the reassuring words, "Jimmy's blown himself up with half a rocket, but I don't think he's blinded." Mrs Arnold nearly fainted when she saw her pretty boy's face, but was thankful when she found that his eyes were uninjured, though he bore tbe marks of that day's adventure for many weeks. A short time after this a young friend of theirs, named Newton Dacomb, of about the same age as Johnny, came to spend the day with them. He bad not been there long when he pulled out of tbe pocket of his overcoat a bright brass cannon, quite a big one, saying, "Isn't this a beauty? and I have some gunpowder here, too. I brought it to fire off with you fellows; they make such a fuss about it at home, and we haven't a paddock out of the way like yours." Johnny and Jimmy looked at each other in doubt; at last Johnny said, "We'll go, Newton; they make a fuss about gunpowdei in this bouse too; but it's worth the risk, even if we do get walloped." Jimmy said, " Well, if we do fire it, lefs go down to the farm; it's nearly a mile off, and we'll be safer there than in the paddock. The others agreed to this, and they soon arrived there. They then loaded the cannon, and placed it on the ground, laying a long piece of paper across the nipple, which they lighted at the end. The grass was long and dry, it being the middle of summer, and aB the boys stood at a distance waiting for tbe report—which, when it came, was so loud, it made them jump—they were horrified to see the grass take fire, and spread rapidly towards the fences, and a barn which was near. Tbey shouted for help, but no one heard tbem, so Newton said—"I've heard tbat the best way to put out bush- fires is to beat them with green boughs. Let's ,try, for if we were taken up for this, I believe we'd be sent to gaol, and, if it was a hundred years ago, we'd be hanged." So saying, he began to pull down branches of a green tree near, and Johnny and Jimmy were not long in following hie exalnple. They beat the flames with might and main, but, as fast as they got them under in one place, they seemed to break out in another. At last, after having worked harder than they ever bad in their lives before, they succeeded in beating ont the fire, returned home exhausted by the fatigue, fright, and heat, and, feeling that they had paid dearly for the fun of disobedience. 