WS AND NOTES. Telegraphic communication between Port Darwin and Java was interrupted last night, bat is expected to be restored shortly. A summons has been served by the police upon a well known firm of drapers in Sturt atreat, charging them " far that they did on a certain day in their factory at Ballarat employ a female for more than eight hours contrary: to the Act of Parliament No. ipß, section 3.” Yuluminmis evidence has been prepared, and it is expected that a tough fight will ensue in the police court between the contending parties. It is stated that a Victorian clergyman will be appointed Roman Catholic Bishop of Balla rat in the room of Dr O'Connor, deceased The names of three rev. gentlemen are men-' tinned in Roman Catholic circles, . viz.:— Honoigoor Moore, of Ballarat; Dr Corbett, of St. Hilda; and the Yen. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D , of Geelong. ■ ..i ! Great preparations are being made for the Raster encampment, which taken place at Qn-eneeliff, by the commanding officers of the various Victorian Volunteer Corps. From the general orders which we have received from head quarters, we notice that the .forces will go into camp on Friday, 23rd March, nod re maio until Monday, 2Sth March. The batchers’ picnic takes place at Dowling. Forest to day. Vehicles conveying excursion ists will leave town at half'past 8 o’clock this morning. An accident happened yesterday evening at the claim of the Last Chanoe Extended Com pany, Ballarat Bast. Baling operations ware being carried oh with large-sized tanks. One of the tanka, it is stated, was inadvertantly runup to the.top of the poppet-heads, the concussion causing the winding gear to break. The tank fell down, the shaft with a great crash. At a late hoar last night an employee of Messrs Huddart and Cos., coal merchants, was driving a boras' and dray along Feel. street,' when ha was jolted off his seat on to the road, and the wheel of the dray passed over- His bead and shoulders, indicting severe injuries. The unfortunate (hirer, whose name could not be ascertained, was conveyed to the Hoe, pital in a cab. - ?! At the.local Corporation Yards yesterday a fall in the price of beetwas experienced to. the extent of from Ifis to SOs per bead, : Larcenies from dwellings have' of late- been of frequent occurrence in Ballarat and di&<. triot. Three have been reported to. the City police during the past few days. Tbs. anSeren by the notions of the light-fingered gentry are Annie Emmett, Dana street, Harry Matthews, Creswick road, and Sarah Coulter, Wendonree. In each cars valuable property was stolen. ' Two men, named , J. T.. Bird and W. D., Simpson respectively, were charged ? at the T»wid Court ' yesterday with • insulting behaviour. - The parlielataol their arrest were given in yesterday's leaner They were each fined St with'2s fid cab Kite. . . i " I’ve just.come out of-Ballarat gaol, fnndl want a little money" ..were -the -words which constituted. thßr begging appeal.ef, a seedy, looking old vagrant, jeatejrd.iy njade“a house-to iroate ciimarai soldiers Bill, Gould audacity go further than for a man tossy that: be had juafc been discharged from prison, and therefor® required money’aa a eolatium for the wrongs' which a bench of magistrates bad inflicted upon him? _ Civil business was taken at the Court of Assize yesterday before hi* Honour Mr Justice Higinbocham.. Henry Palethorpe, a platman employed at the Young Band Extended Com pany’s mine,, sued the Band and Albion Consols Company for £lOOO damages ior. false ! imprisonment. The circumatanceabavo already i been before the public in connection with the smoking out case,. For the defence it.is relied .! that the defendant-company is not respon- | fiibb for the act of its“mia!ng manager (Mat** thews) in giving Palethorpe into custody. The.case will be finished to- dny. . Our Beaufort correspondent writes:* l — 11 Mr Johnston; the officer in charge of the Mount Cole State Forest, has been about, here recently, and 1 am informed that he has con fiscated a Tot of wattle bark. Which has .been stripped without proper authority. Though not wishing that anyone should suffer any lose I must agree with the officer in his action in looking after such depredations, having noticed myself that when the bark is stripped from wattles under ooe inch in diameter the. young tree dies,” . . The cases rgrinst Denis Desmond, Juba Morrissey, and. John Murphy, for alleged perjury in connection with the trial of Hart, have been postponed till the next Assizes. A correspondent writes:—“ A contingent of the Hallelujah Band visited Smythesdale on Sunday last and r held three very successful salvation service* in the Primitive Methodist Church. ' In the evening the church waa crowded; and large numbers wars unable to obtain admission. Good service was done by one of the Hallelujah females, who during the day sang several very pretty hymns, accom panied with choruses. At the close of the evening service four persons came forward as penitent seekers of salvation. The friends at I Smyfchesdale provided in an ample way'for the members of the band. And a word of praise is due to the police stationed there.for the able way in which they managed that class of persons who are always an annoyance on such occasions, and who were very troublesome in the afternoon. In the evening the police maintained such order as there ought to be at religious services.” The many friends and acquaintances of Mrs James Noonan will regret her; demise,: which took place at her residence, Main road/ after an illness of only a few days. The deceased was in her time very charitably disposed, and she will be greatly missed by. many who were reUovod by her munificence. course of a few days it is intended to have a repetition of the recent good suc cessful Eisteddfod concert in the Lecture Hall of St. John’s Presbyterian church, Peel street. Most of the' successful competitors, including the choirs, soloists, and instrumentalists have through Mr Johns, the church choir leader, profited their services. The concert is being got up in the interests of the Temperance and Mutual Improvement Societies connected with the church and. Sunday schools to assist in raising sufficient, funds for purchasing an in strument lor the use of these associations. A 'first-class concert will be provided, and there is little doubt that there will be a large at tendance. Particulars' will be advertised in the course of a few days. , The first meeting of the year in connection with the Congregational Mutual Improvement Association was held on Monday evening, when the president (Rev.. J. Walker) occupied the chair. The business of the evening 'in cluded the election of officers. The following was the resultVice-president*, Messrs Chalmers and Reeves; treasurer, Mias Vallics; librarian, Miss Lindsay; secretary, Mr F. W. Punshon; assistant- secretary, Mr E. Walker. * We have.receirod from Mr John Hocking, head teacher of the Cambrian Hill State school, the sum of 15a, subscribed by the teacher and pupils, in aid of the sufferers by the New Australasian mine'disaster. The friends of Mr Farr, contractor; will doubtless be glad to learn that he is recovering as well as can be expected from the injuries he sustained on Monday by falling from a plank at the Commercial Clnb building*, Lydhrd street; The young man Qoold is also progressing favourably. Considerable excitement was occasioned in Lydiard street north yesterday afternoon through the bolting of two horses attached to a German, waggon, laden with firewood. .The. horse and vehicle, which belonged to Mr Kopke, publican, of Trunk Lead, were being driven down the thoroughfare mentioned, the parson lo charge, a youth, sitting on the shaft. When near the North Star hotel a portion of the bar* ness on one of the horses snapped iu two, and the breakage, caused the “pair" to bolt through the railway gates. The driver was thrown from bis seat to tbs ground, bat escaped uninjured. Mr Peter Hodgett, a groom In the employ of Cobb and Cos., pluckily, and at much personal risk, stopped the runaways in front of the City Police Camp, Typhoid fever is prevalent in .Talbot street, Ballarat West. Three distinct cases are re ported, and a fourth case is said to have proved fatal. The victim was a young woman, 19 years of age. The usual weekly meeting of the Banin* yong Christian Mutual Association was held in the Wesleyan school room on Monday evening; the president, Mr E. Eldridge, in the chair. The business was disposed of with three ex cellent “Themes,” ooe of which was rendered by Mies Wyatt, on the “Pleasures of a Christian life;” one by Miss Attwood, on “ Good bye;” and one by Miss R. Smith, a very amusing one, on . the “Spider.” After complimentary comments bad been made by those present, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the ladies... . \ • Mr Peter Love, an old and respected etn-’ ployee of the Ballarat Water Commission, is dangerously ill. So serious is bis condition that his medical attendant has given orders prohibiting visits from friends. A man named Michael O’Mara was admitted to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a crushed hand. The injury was received by O'Mara inadvertently /placing ; his band be tween the wheels of a; threshing machine, ; while the latter was * in motion. He waa placed in the casualty ward for further treat ment. Mr .Thomas Richards .was yesterday elected chairman of.the Ballarat Miniog Board for the ensuing 12 months. Mr George Riiffi*, lata of the Colonial Bank, Ballarat, but now manager of a branch institu tion at Murtoa, h*s, owing to ill-health, been ordered to take charge of the Sb. KUda bank. The oppressive weather which generally pre vails at Murtoa and the adjoining districts is the cause of Mr Ruflli’a indisposition. We have been requested by Mr J. J, Sauer, ■local agent for Scbreiber and Schaefer, .fancy goods importers, to state that:the firm sell, only in wholesale quantities, not retail. On the subject of the coalition the Telegraph says—“ Our two morning contemporaries do not appear to be at their ease with regard to the Coalition Government, which has found j in them such confident advocates. The reason I might, perhaps, be found in an agreement so j strange as to excite in each a distrust of Us judgment. When the' Argus and the* Agtare rowing in the same boat, it is not very won*, derful that the oarsmen should have doubts as to where the boat is going. But whilst each dislikes the company of the other, that is not sufficient to account for the obvtooa fact thftfe each is preparing for itself a line of re* treat. Bach having gone in bald-headed for a coalition, now, and after the lapse- of a few days only, has all sorts of qualifying refe rences. that it may either obeor of hiss aa .circumstances may dictate. Whether there be success or failure, we shall have* the old trick of *1 told you so,* land the lapse of time having weakened memory, it would bs very I likely to prove successful.. But this journal istic sharp practice, whilst creditable to the acumen of our contemporaries is not just to their readers, or to the Government that is to > be and the parties that. are. Even from the ,| Journalistic point of view- the tactics are bad, , because the perceptive- powers are not a monopoly of the newspaper offices, and there ta always a section of the public—and not a small one—that con detect ■ artifice and see through it.” Yeiterdny’s TtUgraph says:—*‘.The notorious, ‘Wild Wright,' whose connection with, the; Kelly gang will be remembered, having: been sentenced to six years* imprisonment, on a charge of beuae-atealwg, was transferred from Beeohworlh. to Pbotridge a few days ago. Wright baa been tbs leader of a gang of horse* stealers who have been a pesc to tfee settlers in the northern district for several years, and his safe custody inside the walls of Pen bridge for the next five years, it is hoped, will bring about the dispersion oftbhe gang.” j An unseemly disturbance occurred opposite the City Police Station,'about 12 o'clock last; night, A female Ulely arrived from Mel-. ; boaioe was. ordered from- the place fbyCopV •table;. White, J;. bat' as--sho; persistedin ker refusal to taby©;Uh9 ;pollcocnAnJwaa obliged' to* use a little' genUe''yendiUibnT* , T^u£%g^^d ;> theire' of-i ;ona James'.Watt, * bar orj the fcrrikin J»h® soma abusive language.] AictotJ ,/Wff daring which: Watt. wrenched ;’hnaeelf; otrt oi .the constable's 'grasp, fie disappeared into the darkness, but he waa gradually pjerhaalaa by Mo ant e and -con stable Beckmann,; who .lodged him lock*up. Watt -will answer on a charge of being drflnk and disorderly. Our Learmonth correspondent wntefi “Mr ,G. G. Morton yesterdayipaid. over. the following annual dohationa ,on behalf of Sir W. J. CUrke:—Presbyterian Church, Lear* , month, £l2; do, Miners* Rest, .£10; .do Springe, £B. The committees express their grateful acknowledgments.” . Two lads, George Hadfield and- Charles Powell, 13 and 9-years of age respectively, were arrested yesterday by Constable Barry on. the charge of being neglected' children. The boys bad come on a tour from Italian Gully, near Staffordshire Reef. The police have cent intimation of their whereabouts to their friends. A silver watch and several ornaments for wearing apparel were stolen on Monday from the residence of Mrs Sarah Coulter, Forest street, Wendobree. Two boys named Henry Coady and James Hicks were charged at the- City Court yaater* day with vagrancy. The boys, who have lately come out of the Reformatory, have been noticed by the police for some time hanging about the town. They were remanded until Friday. . Yesterday’s Hamilton Spectator says:—** At about half-past 10 o’clock on Sunday night, a splendid sight was witnessed in the western heavens. * It consisted of a brilliant meteor, , which, changing colour iu its fall from bright , blue to red, buret as though it were an im mense rocket, and distributed bright stars for it is presumed, hundreds of miles around.” Yesterday’s Portland Guardian says: “ The 1 Major* may be one of Mr Berry’s chosen associates, and his return to office would be an injury Sod insult to the public. As Minister of Education in the last Benyite Administration, he grossly abused the powers of hia office, and prostituted it to the purposes of bribery .and corruption.: The electors of Ballarat West have re-elected this man, and in so doing they made ft great mistake.” The JTorsham Times says;—“Saturday was, a busy day in the banks. The bills usually become due on the 4th of the. mouth, and • most of the farmers’ promissory notes mature in March, so that Saturday was one of the busiest days in the year for banks. The number of dishonours was large in consequence of the poor harvest.** The Australian Sketcher for-the present month contains a number of striking illustra tions. There is a view of the * crowd in. Col lins street on the night of the elections, the new torpedo boat for the Victorian Govern* ment, “after the bush-fire,” gathering oysters in New South Wales, fashions, and a full paged picture of how the match-box trick is played off in Melbourne on country visitors. Yesterday’s Otelong Advertiser says:—“.On Monday morning a magpie, belonging to a green-grocer in Pakingtocuetreet, was seen to pounce upon ai rat, ■ which attempted to run across the street, and hold it tightly until a passer-by secured and killed the rodent.’* Last night’s World says:— I “Let us have no more sheer balderdash either written or spoken about the Radical faction, the Constitutional party, or the Conservative section, jn the re juvenated Council. These distinctions are utterly abolished henceforward. Not to recog nise this fact, and frankly acknowledge it,* simply argues exhaustion of intellect, and an incapacity to discriminate plain and obvious facts, in the prosor about partyism, whether be be journalist or active politician.” ; Referring to a statement made by the Age that- “Miss Sheridan was appointed work mistress to the North- Wangaratta State school through the influence of Mr Bolton,” the Wangaratta Despatch of 3rd March says:— We have no desire to close our eyes to the shortcomings of the.Postmaaler-Qeneral, but in common honesty we oanuot allow the statemeuVof the penny daily to escape uo contradictad. Mr Bolton asserted on the public platform that it was Mr Hall who first pushed for the appointment~df Miss Sheridan; Mr Hall admitted the ;soft impeachment, and the records of the Education Department, as published in the Argus very clearly proved the truth of Mr Bolton’s statement regarding the appointment. In full possession. of this knowledge, the Age still fixes the whole, blame upon Mr Bolton, carefully omitting mention of Mr Hall in the matter. This may be party tactics, but it is not honest journalism, and In the face of the incontrovertible evidence so widely disseminated, the clumsy attempt made to shield Mr Hall (who, by the way is averse to secrecy in the matter) at Che expense, of another M.L.A, cannot fail to show the unscrupulous character of our morn ing contemporary,” At the Horsham Police Court on Friday, before a bench of' honorary magistrates, the , adjourned case of Sergeant Larkan (as sum-., monlrar officer) against David Oldham was (says the Times) called - on. It will bo re membered that Oldham was summoned to courWeome weeks ago for neglecting to send, hia to the Arapiles State school, and as an excuse pleaded that the school was sometimes closed, the' master being ! irregular in bis attendance and in the times of opening and closing the school; The case was tnereupon postponed to allow of en quiries being made regarding these allega tions, and Oldham agreed to the dictum of the bench that he should pay all the expenses incurred if his statements were disproved. On Friday these statements were disproved by the evidence of Mr. J. Keyfce, J'P.. and other witnesses, who showed ‘that Mr R?gan attended school regularly, and Old i ham was ordered to pay a sum of £8 15s i (fines and costs) or to go to gaol for ten days. This should he a warning to parents not to make statements reflecting on. teachers, 1 which cannot be substantiated, in order to I evade a fine for not sending children to school. We understand that Mr Regan in tends, to demand a published apology from Mr Oldham*. i To- day Messrs R. Tunbridge aud Cos. will conduct an extensive drapery sale at their room, Lydiard street, commencing at II o’clock sharp. . • Tenders are invited by tbe Ballarat District > Hospital committee for the. supply of IQOO lbs ’ of tea, ‘ . The monthly meeting of the Billarat Horti cultural Society will be held this evening iu the Mechanics* Institute. Mr T. A Freeman has received instructions to sell on Tuesday next the plant of the Young; Band and Albion Q iartz. Company. Mr W. H. Urea in our advertising columns . thanks the electors of Ripon and Hampden fur returning him to'the Legislative Assembly. Quittenton Bros., lift Russell* street, Meh .bourne, advertise that all kinds of gentlemen's left-off clothing is bought by tb^m. Leviathan “Adamastot” on ‘ the Sydney Cup is openi The Ballarat Annual} Regatta will take place on Lake Woodotiree-ou Friday next. . Attention is drawn to our advertising column*, calling upon all those who- have tickets in connection, with Mr Jones* lecture, of Saturday night last, to send, in returns without delay. 