The Weather and the fCroiia. \- t: CLUNES, Wednesday. A tUtrific -thunderstorm ochurred -last nighty and all tihe evening thehunder could he - heard growling and buttering; but at \- midnight dihe storm commenced in«. earnest. The lightning was very vivid and frequent, and the rain fell in torrents. The wind was also exceedingly strong, and caused con siderable damage to trees and s gardens. Such a thunderstorm as that of Last night has not been witnessed in Chines for a- long period. DUNOLLY, WEDJfBSDAY. After the intense heat of yesterday; rain fell for several hours during the night, accompanied by thunder and lightning, and it has rained' heavily during to-day. The farmers complain that this will to some extent injure their newly-cut hay, otherwise all sections of the community seem pleased at the delightful change in the weather. ' - GORDONS, Wednesday. - A violent storm set . in here last night, which raged with great fury up till an early hour this morning. It commenced with a terrific gale from the west, followed, by heavy thunder, with vivid lightning and' heavy rain, which lasted at intervals till this evening. The crops in this district are, in some places, totally ruined ; where most advanced tiiey have been flattened dowfti, and will have to be cut down for hay. It is feared that if the present weather continues longer they cairnot be converted into hay . and will rot. Cereals that were looking plendid a few days ago are now destroyed rest injury was done to the fruittrees, and some garden trees were broken to pieces. Even forest trees were uprooted, , so violent was the stofm. The ; season is, altogether, cue moss uuiavuurauiu u.uuv.li years. KERANG, Wednesday. The weather has been very suitable for ,tbe harvest during the past few days. Last night slight showers fell, and to-day several storms occurred, accompanied with rain. Operations in the fields are consequently . stopped for a while. SH&PPARTON;, Wednesday., The weather has been changeable for the last few days. This evening, about 6 o'clock,- a severe stonnpassed over the town lasting for an hour. The crops which are not cut will suffer damage from being blown down. ALEXANDRA, Wednesday, After several weeks of extremely warm weather, a change set in yesterday. Steady showers of rain have been falling for the last twenty-four hours, doing great good to the crops throughout the district. The rain was much wanted, on acconnt of the surface soli being baked by the heat Muring the last few weeks, retarding the growth. The temperature Is much cooler since' the rhin commenced; . "The hay harvest is general in the district, and the ram is nbfc heavy enough to seriously affect it. GBLdRLTON, , Wednesday- : Yesterday afternooii a sharp thunder storm occurred, followed by a night's fuan. Harvesting will be in full swing in another day or two. It is anticipated fine, jelds will be realised in all parts oh the disteict. SYDNEY, Wednesday; i The weather is sultry and threatening; Reports from the country districts state that the heat is intense at Gundagai, and bush- fires are burning all round the district. At Wagga 20,000 acres of grass were burned on hearsbury run, and at Coonamble and Bourke the thermometer registered 112degj in the shade. ' ADELAIDE, Wednesday. The weather still continues to be un settled, and it has been very showery during the day. Reports from all parts of the country show that the damage to the crops has been con siderable 