NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent] Sydney, January 24. A man name unknown, was cut in two in a railway tunnel near Picton on Tuesday night. After a long discussion in the Assembly last night the second reading of the Constitution Act Amendment Bill was agreed to by 59 votes to 6. The House adjourned at 1.3 a.m. to-day until the usual hour this evening, when the Treasurer made his annual financial statement. Terrific bush fires in the Newcastle district have caused great destruction of property and vegetation. There were several narrow escapes. McLean, who shot himself in Castlereagh- street yesterday, was suffering from depres- sion of spirits consequent on being unable to obtain employment. Robert Hungerford, of Owlpen, near Mait- land, while killing a snake, was bitten on the hand. Dangerous symptoms set in, but medical aid was procured, and Hungerford is now out of danger. Three of the victims of the fire which oc- curred at Maitland on Monday night, namely Mrs. Marshall, Violet and Cecil Thomas, have succumbed to the injuries they received. The death of the other girl is hourly expected. A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday in the hospital by Mr. J. Riley, J.P., on the body of Violet, seven years of age. The jury found that death had been caused by a shock to the system brought on by burns acciden- tally received. A public meeting was held at Cobargo yes- terday re the mysterious disappearance of Henry Salway at Bermagui. It was resolved that the secretary of the meeting should telegraph to the Colonial Secretary that great indignation had been expressed at the apathy shown by the Inspector-General of Police in having failed to send the local policeman some help to search for the missing man. It was decided to ask the Colonial Secretary to send a water police-constable to Bermagui with the necessary drafting appliances to search for Salway. The residents were requested to roll up on Friday with a view of making a fresh search. There is only one policeman in Cobargo. It is impossible to say what has become of Salway, and the whole affair is shrouded in mystery. His own brother was working with him until dark the night before Salway disappeared, and is unable to form any opinion upon the subject. A telegram has been received by the Colonial Secretary from the Agent-General stating that the Warwick sailed for Sydney on the 19th with 622 immigrants. The Sydney Municipal Council met in com- mittee for the purpose of considering a report from the city engineer, embodying among other suggestions for the better working of the department one to have Dodds, the meter reader, dismissed. With respect to the daily staff, it was resolved that the mayor should have power to consult with tho city engineer with ? view of deciding whether the num ber should be diminished or increased. A motion was moved by *m*??bmi Chapman that in the opinion of the committee the en quiry which they had been engaged in had resulted in showing that irregularities had existed on the part of the officials engaged in meter-reading, but nothing had been elicited to justify the charge of alleged mis management. This wascanied unanimously. Devastating bushfires have been raging in the Newcastle district yesterday and to-day. In Charlebtown seven bouses were reduced to aahes, and the public school had m narrow escape. The Waratah Coal Company* new viaduct to Fern cully valued at several thon. sands was totally destroyed. A boras and stables were also demolished. Bushfires raged all day yesterday in the vicinity of West Meitland. At the waterworks on the Oakhampton-road sixty men and a large body of police turned out to prevent the destruction of the tents occupied by the laborers. The powder magazine was in great danger, and men were sent to watch it, especially during the night Hardie & Gorman aold by auction a vacant block of city land close to iicafton wharf, with 55 feet 6 inches frontage to Sussex-street, at £90 per foot, or £4,W5 the block. Mr. William Robinson was the purchaser. The Italian warship Carradola sailed this afternoon for Hongkong, via Torres Straits. In the Legislative Assembly the further consideration of the Constitution Act Amend ment Bill waa considered in committee. Clause -"> was carried. An amendment proposed by Mr. Stuart to omit the sub-section was agreed to without debate. The chairman waa proceeding to put the question, when Mr. A. G. Taylor contended that they should not go on with the clause, icatmuch as it proposed to fill the vacant scats of Messrs. Ueed and Suttor. Clause 1, specially validating Messrs. Reid and Suttor, was carried, after a protracted discussion, by 40 to £9 votes. The ——"?>?-g clauses were cankd without any amendment. The third reading of the Bill was fixed for tbc^oUo wing day. Arrived—Mangana. from Hobwt; Waki tipa, from Wellington. Sailed—Bingarooms, for Auckland; liirkagate. for Adelaide. 