SUICIDE OF A POLICE SERGEANT. THE Roma (Q.) Star of the 9th inst. gives the following account of the suicide of Sergeant Maxwell at Mitchell : — "On Sunday morning Maxwell complained of a severe headache, and after a time, feel- ing no better, he consulted Dr. Canny, who gave him a sedative, one dose of which he took in the presence of the chemist when getting the prescription made up. After this the sergeant had a slight sleep, but from which he woke restless. About 4 o'clock a girl living opposite saw the sergeant walk out on the verandah holding a rifle, which he fired off. On hearing the report the neighbours rushed in and found the unfortunate man lying across the floor. The bullet had entered just below the left side ribs and took an upward tendency. He lived about 25 minutes afterwards, and expired while un- conscious. No other cause for the sergeant's sad death can be attribute than that of his having been in an extremely low and melancholy state of mind for some time back, as the doctor's statement shows that the deceased had consulted him previously for the same thing." A shocking occurrence has been reported from Rylstone. A shepherd named William Kennedy, who was in the employ of Mr. Hugh Farrelly, of Rylstone, whilst endeavouring to extinguish a bush- fire, got into the thick undergrowth, and being surrounded by flames before he could make his escape, was literally roasted to death. Conscmeks of Wolfe's''' Schnapps, especially those who take' it medicinally, should purchase it only by the botxle, and thus ensure obtaining, the genuine article, here bein g a fraudulent imitation in the market Large and small bottles are ob tainable at every respectable hotel in'' the colony, and the name of M. Moss and Co. is on the top label of the yehow wrapper. None else ib genuine. ' . ' You Doi?t Know Their Value. -f^- ' They cured me .of. biliousness and kidney complaint, as recommended.' I had a half-bottle left, which I used for my two, little girls, who, the doctors and neighbours said could : not fee cured. -I m confident I should nave lost both of them one night if t had hot had the Hop Bitten in my house 'to use. That is why I say you do not know half the value' of Hop Bitters, and do not recommend tham highly enough.' 8es« Highway Rosbbbt Almost, to sell the poisonous, . drulcen, purging . stuff : as medicine to honesttnen, innocent women, and harmless -children to waaken and destroy, their systems- and health, whin pure harmless Hop Bitters' can! be had tb&t; cures always «nd conttnuaHy at a trifling Cost jask drvggiats or phvsicians. Read. - ' ? 1 HP aocyunt wa,yftri^^entr for ;coaoh-fare ^ol Tuuiijartimba. 'JRhe Jury ?t^tomed-'a vardict of; gua% _ with a' etroug Tecouo meiidatioJQ,to.wercy ;butonit8:appeanng that ti^erajflTere^two previous- convictions againBt Jhe prispperibej withdrew their recoinmendiitjon, ;,ap3 prisoner was een ^euced to ' fire ^eajsl ^-enftl servitude. — George.Arcber, ijiaiyiifon, chsrged with krceny.atAderoiigj.^WTifi acquitted j but on a second iihalyie.ciJiifoeny at the same place, was found guugj-' and senienced to . two yeara' hjrd laboUE^m. Yoiing jaiL— - John Foster, bn.bail^ 'was charged with horse-stealing. ? Thg^' principal witness, Mr. Argyle McOaTlum, of Burrowa, tele gliphed that he w^. Retained by a fire, and could notappearj. The prisoner was accordingly ^discbatge4^i appear . on his own i'BcoguizauM!j^- ^20 ' when called upon.— Dand' Beatn^wsP convicted of stealing certain^qene^from a dwelling si Gundagaj,,'aujl Vaft*a*Ltenced to three years' i!upris(-niM-Dt'i8Ty--u.ng J«9.'i'' ' FIRE.— A destructive fire broke out in a shed on Mackenzie's Bros.' farm, situ- ated about two miles from Young on Wednesday. The origin of the fire has not been discovered, but it is attributed to spontaneous combustion in a stack of hay, which, together with the shed, some reaping machinery, waggons and other property, were totally destroyed. The loss is estimated at over £300, and no portion of it was covered by insurance. — Argus, Young. . The Grseoo-Romans wrestling, match bstween Prof essor Miller and M. Victor. icame off on Saturday: afternoon last in : the Theatre Royal, iw the presence of a I fairly numerous company, and ended in a victory for Miller, whbithrew his 'man in 10J minutes in the first round, a trifle under 10 minutes, in j the second round.' 6| minutes in the tliird ronnd,' nearly six' minuteH in. the fourth round, the fifth and final round occupying over ,7 minutes,' winning by about '20 minutes. ' 