The Twilight Glow! TO THE EDITOR OP THE SYDNEY MAlL. Sir,— In yours of 16th. February, under heading "Astro- nautical," I noticed an article "Red Sunsets" theorising on the evening twilight glow, but quite ignoring the morn ing twilight glow, which is just as vivid and remarkable as the other— and has been so all along. In October last I noticed one morning, about an hour after sunrise, what appeared to be the smoke of a bushfire between the sun and the horizon. We were on the alert about bushfires at the time, and this seemed a long distance off. Watching it again when the sun was between two and three hours high, I was surprised to see that the air was quite clear then near the horizon, but that the smoky appearance was higher up, near and round the sun. Following up this observation, I found that this light smoky appearance continued round with the sun all day, and it then occurred to me that this was the volcanic dust from Sunda, which assumed the red glow when the sunlight was not so strong on it before sun rise and after sunset, and in consequence I predicted then that it would be distributed all round the world, and this has been verified by latest accounts from the antipodes. Others as well as myself here have noticed this smoky appearance going round with the sun all day, and every day, a fact I have not seen mentioned by any writer on the sub- ject. I think the whole thing is dry dust from Sunda en veloping the earth, and that the blue and green appearances mentioned in your article are simply due to some local cause, and as your article closes by saying the volcanio dust theory is ' too temporary for such an enduring effect, and too limited for any result so widespread,' I write out the following extract, which I think will be interesting to your readers: — From The Polar and Tropical Worlds. By Dr. G. Hartwig, edited by Dr. A. H. Guernsey. Edition of 1880, page 95 et seguitur. Since the first colonisation of Iceland, its numerous volcanoes had frequently brought ruin upon whole districts— 25 times had Hecla, 11 times Köotlugia, six times Trolladyngja, five times Oraefa, vomited forth their torrents of molten stone, without counting a number of submarine volcanic explosions, or where tee plain was suddenly rent and flames and ashes burst out of the earth ;but the eruption of Skaptar Tökul in 1783 was the most frightful visitation ever known to have desolated the island. The preceding winter and spring had been unusually mild and the islanders looked forward to a prosperous summer; but in the beginning of June repeated tremblings of the earth, increasing in violence from day to day, announced that the subterranean powers, that had long been slumbering under the icy mantle of the Skaptar, were ready to awake. All the neighbouring -peasants abandoned their hnts and erected tents in the open field, anxiously awaiting the result of these terrific warnings! On the 9th immense pillars of smoke collected over the hill country toward the north, and rolling down in a southerly direction covered the whole district of Sitha with darkness. Lund sub terranean thunders followed in rapid succession, and innumerable flre spouts were seen leaping and flaring through the dense canopy of smoke and ashes that enveloped the land. The heat raging in the interior of the volcano melted enormous masses of ice and snow, which caused the river Skapta to rise to a prodigious height; but on the 11th torrents of fire usurped the place of water, for a vast lava stream breaking forth from the mountains, flowed down in a southerly direction, until, reaching the river, a tremendous conflict arose between the two hostile elements. Though the channel was 600 feet deep and 900 feet wide, the lava flood pour ing down one fiery wave after another into the yawning abyss, ultimately gained the victory, and, blocking up the stream, over flowed its banks. Crossing the low country of Medalland, it poured into a great lake, which after a few days was likewise completely filled up, and having divided into two streams, the un exhausted torrent again poured on, overflowing in one direction some ancient lava fields; and in another re-entering the channel of the Skapta, and leaping down the lofty cataract of Stapafoss. But this was not all, for while one lava flood had chosen the Skapta for itx bed, another, descending In a different direction, was working similar ruin along the banks of the Hverfsfliot. Whether the same crater gave birth to both it is impossible to say, as even the extent of the lava-flow can only be measured from the spot where it entered the inhabited districts. The stream which fol lowed the direction of Skapta is calculated to have been about 50 miles in length by 12 or 15 at its greatest breadth; that which rolled down the Hverfisfiot, at 48 miles in length by 7 in breadth. Where it was enclosed between the precipitous banks of the Skapta the lava is 500 or 600 feet deep, nut as soon as it spread out into the plain, its depth never exceeded 100 feet. The erup tion of sand, ashes, pumice, and lava continued till the end of August, when at length the vast subterranean tumult subsided. But its direful effects were felt for a longtime after, not only in its immediate vicinity, but over the whole of Iceland, and added many a mournful page to her long annals of sorrow. For a whole year a dun canopy of cinder-laden clouds hung over the unhappy island. Sand and ashes, carried to an enormous height into the atmosphere, spread far and wide, and overwhelmed thousands of acres of fertile pasturage. The Faeroes, the Shet lands, and the Orkneys were deluged with volcanio dust, which perceptibly contaminated even the skies of England and Holland. Mephitic vapours obscured the rays of the sun, and the sulphur ous exhalations tainted both the grass of the field and the waters of the lake, the river, and the sea, so that not only the cattle died by thousands, but the fish also perished in their poisoned element. The unhealthy air and the want of food —for hunger at last drove them to have recourse to untanned hides and old leather— gave rise to a disease resembling scurvy among the unfortunate Icelanders. The head and limbs began to swell, the bones seemed to be distending, dreadful cramps forced the patient to strange contortions, the gums loosened, the decom posed blood oozed from the mouth and the ulcerous skin, and a few days of torment and prostration were fallowed by death. In many a secluded vale whole families were swept away, and those that escaped the scourge had hardly strength sufficient to bury the dead, So great was the ruin caused by this one eruption that in the short space of two years no less than 9336 men, 28,000 homes, 11,481 cattle, and 190,000 sheep — a large proportion of the wealth. ? and population of the island— were swept away. I came across the above extract about a month ago. The eruption mentioned happened exactly 100 years before that of Sunda. I also notice, confirming the universality of the dust theory now, that the glow is visible all round the horizon, night and morning, though not so vivid as at the places of sunrise and sunset— Yours truly, ROBERT WEST MAYNE. Lynley, Jimbour, Queensland, Februaiy 21, 1884 