DUNGOG. The weather excepted, there ia a little mov- ing here worth saying anything about. This was to have been a great day in Dungog, but the weather spoiled all. The early morning was fair ; but soon after breakfast it began to blow and rain, and has been a most bitter cold, wet, wintry day, nevertheless the raceB, as advertised, have been brought off, under great difficulties. The attendance was meagre, as was to be expected, for a more unpro Eitious day for out-door Bports it would be ard to imagine. I was not present, but no doubt the secretary will furnish you with the details. It has rained all day and, is still taining (Saturday evening), with every ap- pearance of a great downfall of rain. The roads in the upper parts of the district are in many places in very bad condition. The Bandongrove and Underbank roads have not been metalled but only in a few places here and there; and though nicely formed, and have a fine appearance in dry weather, after a few days' tain they get cut up so as to be nearly im- passable in places. I have just returned from a trip to the tableland. Everywhere the country looks charming ; where it was swept by bush-fires in summer it is now green as young barley, and everywhere feed appears to be plentiful ; but like a good many other things in this world, it is not so good as it looks. There are numerous herds of cattle depas- turing in the bush between Dungog and Gloucester, but in general they are in very lo>w condition, and there is little hope of any improvement till the spring of the year. The reason is the rain was too long in earning, and though the very mild and spring-like weather that has prevailed for the last six or eight weeks has stimulated the herbage into rapid growth, the solar rays ara too feeble to develop the saccharine principle in the grass. There is no stamina in the feed, it is soft and watery, and unsatisfying, and although cattle in the bush may pick up enough of this insipid prorender to take them orer the winter, they cannot be expected to put on flesh till they can get a more substantial dietary. It was thought the maize crop would be a failure, on account of the long drought, but I hare seen in the course of my travels some very fair crops being housed ; and, wherever there is any cultivation, the ploughs are busy i at work preparing the land for fresh crops. There is now a considerable population settling about Ward's Biver, between Stroud and Gloucester, and there is plenty of room for a great many more. The great drawback to this fine district is the want of a rail or tram road to carry the pro- duce to market and bring back supplies. Were it not for the want of facilities of com- munication much more of the country between Dungog and Gloucester would have been settled upon before this time. A light and cheap line of railroad for this district has been talked about for years, but it has been gone about in such a perfunctory manner that the inhabitants appear to have lost all heart and hope of its accomplishment. It is sur- prising that the members for the north-eastern districts have never a word to say upon a question in which their constituents are so deeply interested. We could have done very well without the rain that is now falling. So much wet weather is becoming a serious interruption to outdoor labour. Dungog, May 24,1884. 