THE RAIN AND BUSH FIRES. ' It is a well-established fact that there: is generally more or less rain Borne time between Christmas and the month 'of February. Bat the fnl' on this occasion has been heavier and mora continuous than usual : while the cold has been almost unprecedented. " A slight fall ' in the temperature might, of courSe, |be expected,, 'with such a downpour aB we hna ii-mfc firnerienced iu this- district » ' but that household fire's insidb and winter clothing in the open air should not-ohly <" be acceptable, but absolutely necessity, r in midsummer" is almost, phenomenal, and certainly has not-previoasly occurred here for 'twenty years, , or more. We doubt, indeed, whether it' is within the memory'of the oldest inhabitant that the thermometer should fall, as it has just done, in a few days, from oyer 100 degrees at Beechworth— it waB .104 degrees at 1= Wangaratta, and 110 at Chillern— to 54 .- degrees;,. and such a change must be trying, even to the strongest, constitution. The rain, also, although, owing to the dryness of . the soil, it did not cause floods',, has been very considerable, reaching during the few days 1.52in. at Beechworth, and 89 points at Wan garatta. Happily, most of the harvest was already " secure, so that no very extensive -or serious injury will have been . done to the grain crops ; while the vine yards mustJxsve been, greatly benefited, \- and there will be , a splendid growth, of 3;' grass, -especially- of- the burned feed. The rain has , also done further ' and almost- incalculable. good, by exliriguieh- . ing the bush-fires which were : raging in . _ many -places... and . the.. damage caused by, which 'in this district .atone mnst have been equal to a sam-of £100,000: And this brings us. to the second portion " of oar sabject. Incendiary bnsh.-fires, 6 , " although, fortunately, of- rare. occurrence, v-. we must, we fear, count. upon, although \- the wantonness - and- villainy which I prompts them are well-nigh, incredible ; but surely somethipg might be done to. . check these destructive coqfUgratious, which proceed from a . carelessness . amounting,. to., criminality,.. „Np. doubt fireB are occasionally ;stai;ted by a spark a incnmotiva or -threshing-engine, : even when the greatest care is exercised ; j,,,' but nine..out of ten proceed from .the absence of the simplest, precautions, or the want-of' the,, commonest care. | A swagman' 'ignitiog'-a- few sticks, to boil " Ids biily" ef " tea, aod neglecting to. ' extinguish the embers thoroughly, or „ a trayeller heedlessly throwing aside the ' ;8till burning end of his cigar, or alighted ;Vma.teh; may produce an incalculable loss -fifi- -of property, may ruin hundreds of pros- '- - "perous or straggling people, or even cause loss of life, as not unfrequentiy \- occurs. Indeed, the careleBS currying >iv -.. of wax vestas in the bush is a constant »- Bource of danger. It was only last week a gentleman told ns that while quietly riding- with a companion along a country . ; road, with bash fences on either side and ripe, standing crops, they passed a spot where there certainly was no Bign of fire then. They had not gone many hundred " yards, however, when they heard a Bhont behind them, and, looking back, saw . that the roadside grass and one of : the ' fences were ablaze. Neither had been wJ.v smoking; so the fire conld not have originated from that cause ; but on riding ir" hack, and having first extinguished the flames, after a few minutes' hard work, ' they proceeded to investigate. Close to the place, and along the course they had ridden, they found several uulighted ves- . tas, which some careless passer-by had dropped on the side of the road, and one, '- no doubt, had been ignited by one of the horses treading npon it, without attract ing the rider's notice. A stray beast or a buggy-wheel might have produced the "" saihe effect ; but hal not the fire been at once discovered and controlled, there is s.. . no telling where it would have -ended, «.. v what amount of property it would, 'f have destroyed, what happy homes t". it would have desolated, or how. many loi families left destitute. The law certainly makes provision for the severe punish ment of personB leaving fires burning "''behind' them at their .camps, .or other, careless nse of the dread enemy ; and, although we were glad to see that one of the country benches recently sent an offender of this kind to gaol for three c months, it is most difficult to obtain convictions in such cases. As to finding \- the person, for instance, who dropped the matches on the road as above re lated, it would, of course, be impossible. But is there any other way of preventing, «ec- or at least in some measure guarding r: against, the danger from this cause ? JWe perceive that a great many of the 3,:.-! farmerB themselves now habitually carry, en's only what are known as " safety", matches, which can only be ignited by friction on the box which contains them, and which latter is coated on one side p\rith - a chemical preparation which ' "produces the combustion. Their use, XYP. 'therefore, would censiderably diminish this particular source of danger; but we fear it would be idle -to expect that the general 'public would adopt; this wholesome -fashion. It has, ho.ws.ver, been suggested that the custom of using safety matches might be made 'very lt ., general, by imposing an appreciable, tax as 1 -oh All other kinds, and, although' the 5'"' idea certainly seems far-fetched at first sight, it' is not unworthy of consideration. :qGi&> people, might slilLase the .favorite vesta withoritKtoeling the tax, as" i hey buy only one .oAtwo boxes at a time : but to country people, .whs, "generally pur- , chase a quantity, the difference in price, ' . however small, might become a matter for consideration. We nnderstand that the Lowan Shire Council has sent a circular to the other shire councils in the colony, suggesting the advisability of such a tax being imposed, with a view to bring the safety matches into more general nse : aod we heartily recommend the idea, at all events, for inquiry and discussion. A simple remedy often cores a dangerous disease. A small precaution frequently prevents a grea! catastrophe. Rifle Match. — A match between squads from the newly formed Bright and Wandiligong" rifle clubs was shot at Brighton Saturday. At every range tne shooting ef the Bright team was superior, to that of their opponents, and they eventually won the match by 69 points. ' Suicide of a Lunatic. — -A woman named Jones, -out on j probation from' a_ lunatic asylum, on Monday evening hanged 'herself in a' stable -.'on her hus band's farm, at Pine Lodge, near Sheppar- ton. Mr Jones was. at home at the time, bnt did. hot notice his wife's body, hanging before life was:. extinct. . ., , -.The Hume Fakmehs' . Union. — At a. meeting of the above union held at Albury on .Monday, to consider the Land Bill, a resolution was carnea in mvor «i pi-uun«»- ing any lessee of Crown lands taking up conditional purchases, under a severe penalty. The secretaiy" was instructed to forward a copy of the resolution to the member of Parliament for the district. Ovens. District Hospital, r— At -the usual fortnightly meeting of the committee of manangement of - the Ovens District Hospital on Tuesday' evening 'tenders for. supplies for the current .year were, con sidered and dealt , with. There, was hut Blight difference in the prices of ;the various contracts compared with those of last year. 1 ' Albury Licensing 'Court. — At the Albury Licensing' Court on Tuesday the license of the Club Hotel was transferred from Thomas . Henderson to Frank Edge'/ enmbe.. . ... - , : > SALES-rr-Mossrs ,T. Mates ' a'nd Co. an nounce important sales by-- auction at Tallangatta on Saturday, 26th inst., and at Corryorig en the succeeding Monday, Tuesday arid Wednesday. .... Dog-officer.— Mr ; John Phelan: haa. been appointed dog-officer within the Shire of Wodoriga.' ' We would advise owners! of unregistered dogs to comply with the Jaw a f"' once ; or, as they will find it to be next -to an impossibility to escape the vigilance of Mr Phelan ' (who- h'a3>:a - lengthy and varied "'experience- of. the- duties of his office), .they .will discover, that iu.evading a legal. :1tax. ..they . .,haye practised false economy. ' , j The New Bishop, .of Sydney. — The Catholic Ghuroh in Australia is - to -be pre sided over by a Cardinal. '.The Right Reverend Dr Moran, Bishop of Ossory, who has been' selected as the Archbishop :of Sydney, has-been summoned to Rome, for ' the > purpose of being- created a Cardinal, Blue Ribbon-Army Leaders.— Messrs Bootliand Glover j connected .with, the Blue Ribbon movement, were accorded a hearty reception atHhe Town-hall, Mel bourne, ori Monday evening. Mr James Munro,was in rhe chair, and clergymen of almost'every denomination were .on the platform. The mission in Melbb'urne will, commence on the 19th prox. Tele Salvation Army.— We understand that it is in contemplation in ' head; quarters" of the Salvation Army, in Mel bourne, to send two leadtd of the move ment to open a' campaign in either 'Beech worth or Stanley "within a" few" days. A branch of the army has been locally formed in the latter township, and it is now pro posed by the disciples of General Booth to make war against the sinful habitB of the inhabitants of the City of the Hills. Wesi.eyan. — The Wesleyan United Conference held its first meeting on Tues day at Wesley Church, - Melbourne. It was resolved that the circuit of Albury be handed over to the New South Wales Conference. The -connectional report showed that the Conference is possessed of property, in laud and buildings, to the value of £545,185, . and that the debts amounted to £L17,115. The following resolution was carried, on the motion of the Rev. J. de Q. Robin, M. A., of Beech worth : — " That this Conference ap proves of the basis of transfer suggested by the conference of delegates from t e Goulburn, Ovens and Murray district meetings ; (2) that the Albury and "WodoDga circuit be divided, contingent upon the acceptance of the New Sontli Wales Conference; (3) we recommend the general conference to transfer the Albury partr of the circuit to the New South Wales Conference; (4) that it be an in struction to the Ovens and Murray districts - to .consider, the re-adjustment of circuits within their boundaries, for the strengthening and, if necessary, the amalgamation of circuits bordering, the Murray River." ' It was resolved to transfer the Sheppar'ton circuit from the Castlemaine and Sandhurst district to the Ovens and Murray., district. . It was resolved to occupy Corryong and Cudgewa, on, the Upper Murray, as a new station, ana Yarrawosga, in the Castlemaine and Sandhurst district, as a circuit. Beechworth Police Court. — At this .court on Tuesday, before Mr W. H Foster, P.M., D. M. O'Connor. made ap plication under Section 91 of the Land lord and" Tenant Statute to eject Henry McEvoy from possession of the Harp of Erin Hotel, corner of Loch and Church streets. The case was adjourned till the 29th inst. On Wednesday, before the police magistrate, a man named Peter Johnston was brought up on a charge of vagrancy, and was discharged. A Nice Distinction. — At the Colling- wood Police Court on Tuesday Mr McKean thus defined the difference be tween a lie and an untmtk : " A lie is told when the person telling it knows it to be. a lie. An untruth iz told when the person' telling it doesn't know it to be -unirtte-." - ' "The: Age Annual."— This useful publication for 1884 is to hand. Its con tents comprise 158 pages of political .and statistical" 'information relating to the colonies, a calendar for the year, a list of public holidays, and other matters of in terest, carefully compiled, and presented in a handy and well-printed form. The small price, one shilling, at which it is published should secure for the " Annual" an extensive circulation. Resigned.— Mr Alex. Tone, of Wangar atta, and Mr GjgorgejHorwood CoBsins, of Rethanga, have resigned their positions as justices ofM the .peace for the Northern Bailiwick, i n;: : j - An Inspector fkedmrji. png .of the inspectors' of Education, for not exercising due diligence in the prepar- ation of certain departmental returns entrusted to his care, lias, we learn from a contemporary, been fined, and enjoined to exercise greater diligence in the future. The Weather at Wangaratta. — Mr Notcutt, who has charge of the meteorolo gical instruments at Wangaratta, has kindly furnished us with the following interesting information aB to the tempera ture within the last few days ; — Sunday, max. 93 degrees, min. 56 ; Monday, max. 89, min. 53 ; Tuesday, max. 62, min. 53 ; Wednesday, max. 59, min. 52 ; tho tem perature being taken each morning at niuo o'clock. One day last week the thermometer reached 104 in the shade ; so that the temperature fell one-half iu a few days ; but that the maximum on a midsummer's day in Australia should only be 59 degrees is, we should say, unpar- ralloled. The: rainfall during the 'same, period was 89 points. Criminal Assault. — Our Albury cor- respondent, writing on Wednesday, sayB : — -A. case of rape, or attempted rape, took place at Jindera on Monday night; the victim .being a young girl aged 16, the daughter of a well-to-do farmer living in the. neighborhood. .She was sent on ah errand .to the township, and alleges that thie offence was 'committed by a young man named Joseph Wallace Layton, who was tried'ahd 'acquitted for a like' offence' three years "ago ori the" person 'of an. .old Italian woman living'in the vicinity of trie Black Range. r Mr'F. Brown on that oc- casiori defended the prisoner. " Dr An drews; the Government medical officer, has been to Jindera and examined the' gin; ana a warrauu urn uoou »v the arrest of the accused, .for 'the greater offence ; .but up jo., the present lie has evaded', the police. ' , . Sudden Death. — On Sunday last Mr. John Bull, a farmer living at North Wan- garatta, and a very old resident, expired suddenly. We (''Dispatch'') are informed, that he was preparing to go to church as usual, when he suddenly fell back and ex- pired. Deceased was for years suffering from disease of the heart, which was the cause of death. Supposed Dynamite Outraqe.— Intelli gence ef what is- believed to have been an attempt on the life of the Prince of Wales' isrecordedby the "/Telegraph. " Just before 'the departure of H.R.H. by the- express train ' for the north of 'England, five pack ages coritaiuing dynamito were -found in a tunnel in-the vicinity of Euston-square station. Whether tho attempt is due to the Fenians or not is not indicated. Wangaratta Race- meeting.— An nd- jouraed meeting of persons interested in getting up the" "annual' raco-meetiug at Wangaratta was held at. Mrs Rett's Albiou Hotel on Monday evening,, to receive the report of the canvassers, Messra Dale arid Maloney, and to take measures accord ingly. There -were present — Mr John Norton (president of the club),' "in" the' chair, and. Messrs Marsden, Bundle, Dale,- Toohey, Maloney; 'Hoyated arid Bayne,- (hon.jsec.). ,The canvassers reported that their canvaisJiad been most successful, as over £100 had been promised in the town, and , more might.be expected. .It was mentibned'th'at'last year's programme was for two days, and amounted to ' £315, of which 50 sova went -te the Wangaratta Handicap,- 40 soys to )the.£urf,Club Han- dicap, and 30 sova to each for two jumping < races. Mr. Bundle proposed , and Mr Marsden seconded,, that the meeting be held, that it. should be two days, and that the prizes be Hot more, than £300 ; earned ' unanimously. , Mr Bundle proposed, - arid Mr Dale seconded, with some complimen tary, remarks on the valuable services of Mr. John. Norton, the president, and so long connected with tho club, that that gentleman be re-elected to the office. The motion was, carried by acclamation. Mr Norton gracefully responded. The follow ing , gentlemen were. elected as office-1 bearers : — Mr John Norton as judge, Mr Dale as starter, Mr Baylies as lion, secre tary and, treasurer, Mr. Peter Thompson as clerk of scales, Mr, Rawlirig as. clerk of1 the course, and, as .the general committee, Dr Macfarlane,- Messrs ..B. Evans, W. Grattan, C. Hutton, F. , Marsden, P. Thompson, Jas. Farroll, J. Whitty, G. Maxwell, M. Maloney, Toohey, Brim- combe. Sharland, Pinkerton, W. Dale and W. S. Dale.- Tlie following gentle men were appointed as stewards : — Messrs B. Evans, \V. Grattan, P. Thompson, A .Pinkerton, F. Marsden, "W. Dale and G. Maxwell. The meeting then, went into committee, and, on the motion of Mr Dale, seconded by Mr Maloney, it was resolved that the meeting be held on the 11th and 12th March. A programme committee, consisting of the president aud Messrs Rundle, Dale, Alex. Tone and M.' Maloney, were' 'also appointed, arid the meeting adjourned. Stamp Statute Prosecution.— An iriiportant prosecution under the Stamp Statute took place at the St. Hilda Police Court on Tuesday, reports the ".Tele graph." . Levris H. -.-Lemme, auctioneer, was proceeded against, under the 62nd clause of the Act, for " giving a receipt liable to duty- which had not been duly stamped." A fine of £2 was imposed, and very properly imposed, upon the defendant for his neglect to comply with the law. The circumstanoes under which the complaint was preferred were uet, however, very creditable to the deus ec machina of the prosecution. A gentleman named Parker, having quarrelled with Lemme.„ on .a business matter, appears straightway to have informed the police , of, the lache , and set the law in moiion against the accused. The vindictivouess of the proceedings led the Bench to say that "Parker was equally guilty with. the perpetrator of the offence, aa-lio signed an . unstamped receipt." But thi3 doctrines will scarcely .hold ;;.aa Parker; if aware that he was signing an illegal document; must have known -that lie was rendering himself liable to the. pains and, penalties of the.-, law, in addition .to accepting ; a receipt of no legal value. His ignorance and vindictiveness were his, faults. The defendant, . if he erred from ignorance, deserved his punishment. If he acted rlnomnafUn flin nanolttr li o tto lioan I/VUU.IJ AAt.VW VCCU even greater, for any man who deliberately breaks a law to save a penny deserveB no consideration. Above the merely per sonal question involved in Tuesday's case, however, is the very plain proposition — Is" such prosecution baaed on an excep tional incident, or is the - signing of receipts for amounts over £5, without the use and cancellation of stamps, a frequent occurrence in commercial circles? The matter, for revenue reasons, . deserves consideration. War Correspondents. — The Mel bourne correspondent of the " Ballarat Star" writes The vast results' which may: flow from the Tonquin difficulty are foreseen by the leading journalists in Melbourne, and it is probable. that speeials will he forthwith despatched to the scene of . hostilities. Mr Julian Thomas is spoken/qf .as the " Argus" representative, and' Ga'ptain Beeston will probably repre sent the "Age." I hear that both are likely to assooiato themselves with tho Chinese army.;? ' Disease Among Horses. strange disease has appeared, among horses'iri- the Tuinut district.' l' The local papg.4|t-j-< "EheAariimals afiutHhii.\riifgihimiyorrirek-- ness, go blind, and linally'idio;''! Mi Alex." Davis has in this way recently lost a fine- lonkirig piebald horse, and Mr Charles Long a useful animal from the same com plaint. The latter died suddenly without a struggle." Accident to a Vocalist. — The concert advertised to be held at the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening had a narrow escape (says the " Lunceston Examiner") from being spoiled through a simple but unpleasant accident that occurred on Monday to Miss Alice Rees. She was partaking of some fish at the midday lunch, when a fish-bone ran into the back of her throat, causing intense pain, and all efforts to dislodge it proved useless. Medical aid was sent for, and Dr Murphy soon arrived, but had to make a laryngoscopic examination before he could discover the whereabouts of the fish-bone, which proved to be embedded behind the tonsil. It was extracted with a pair of forceps (prov ing nearly an inch in length), and _ its extraction gave the patient immediate 1 . C j n nl irtufl Tlllr.nril rttlloij wuuu assisted a cure, and Miss Ree3 was able to appear in good voice at the concert in the evening. 'A Fatal Fire. — a fire, which will result fatally, occurred at Maitland last night in the. house occupied by a family named Marshall, atate3 the Sydney corres pondent, of the , " Herald" on Tuesday. The. bed-curtains iii.tlie. children's bedroorii caught fire. Miirsh.-Ulj'on.discoverin'g tlie firej rusned into the roo'm arid was seriously , grimed. Two ;of- the children liave'suatained such injuries, that they are 'now dying. ;J The house waa .only saved with difficulty. A .. r.', ! Nearly ..Buried alive.— a. guastiy story is reported from Mascheno, in Bohemia. -A man, who ;was: apparently dead, had' just been lowered into the dravt'j when the . mourners 'were horrified 'to' see thq coffin-licl begin' to1 move arid the liri'eri1 shroud "g'rclually appear, until the b'orpse afJast "sat'up. The' man s'ai'd' that Fe -had throughout' his iilriess heard" "all tliat had "been said he was' aware' that 'they thought him 'dead, but he' was unable 'to make any sign." . V ' Discovery of: New Country.— It is reported that- the Adelaide exploring . party has- made a successful, journey through hitherto untravelled country in' the in terior,- and discovered two large rivers and an extensive range near the' Queensland boundary. " Prince Edward of Wales. — It is some what singular that' the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, after having been known to the world ever since, his: baptiBrii as Prince Albert Victor, has suddenly deter mined to be called' Prince Edward. He -certainly does own- the name of Edward, but it-is. the iast of the five -or six names by whichi he was ; christened. : - It is ! said that -the -Prince Consort always wished the .Prince- of Wales to ;bear the name of Ed ward alone when he should. come -to .the .throne. .Perhaps is:is designodithat there should- be :a line of Brunswick " Edwards. The Prince Consort's own first name was Francis,. 'and- not Albert- and,, for fthat matter,; tlie Queen' waB baptized' Alexari- drina i Victoria:- !-i Europe Arming. — Lord Wolseley,' in ad dressing the volunteers' in "St/James' Hall observed that evpr nation in Eurqpp was armimf. find tl'f innsh nnaihln Monnlii , , - oJ J j : J" 1 . -. r-i .peliee tnis fact toUaicate that .era was coming dver. the world sqme terrible war, and tqa.t EriglMjd v sfiquld be prepared for that time pf trouble. .... A Shocking,! Occurrence.— A man and his wife; named--- Erariklin; < living-1 near the Botanical Gardens, Inglewood, went home' dri Saturday night" in' a 'state . of drunkenness, aiid' went 'to sleep without undressing. ' By "some means .'the tent caught fire, and the wife ; was Jo.iind by a neighbor standing outsidein tie .',sc/u,b; with" i her 'clothes in .' flames fijoiq.. which the ' scrub .had ' been ignited.'.'i'i'.The':bo(ly of her. husband _was afce r wards p'ulied out uf the reniiiins 6f the, tent, charred ' and barely. recognisable; ; The j'.'wpina.u , is ' Jn the liospit'al, . arid . in' 'a. 'very prit'ical.'qLn- dition,.;.;. " ; A ' Peculiar, Horse.— The Auckland (N.Z.)- " Weekly-. News", of. December 29 has the following::—" A lusus naturae of a most extraordinary- character is now on view at the' stables of the Auckland Hotel. It is- what the Germans call a Zwitter. It is in all respects a well-developed and welUshaped' bay pony," but its sex is un- defiiiable. ' In fact, it may be classed a3 male or female, or neither, or both. This queer specimen of the equine race has been found in the Maori country, about 300 miles from Auckland." - ;A! Wonderful Escape;— A few nights .ago, at Grafton, the wife ef Constable: Phillips heard the parrot screaming in the dark. She went out and brought in the cage, and found a big brown snake coiled around it. Mrs Phillips not only escaped a bite, but killed . the snake, which mea sured 6ft Gin. , ,i; A Lucky Gambler.— The Sydney cor respondent of a contemporary says that "one' of the largest winners on New Year's Day was an owner of racers, who succeeded in backing every winner, to the intense: disgust of the bejewelled frater nity.- He did more ; for in the evening, being beguiled by them into a -gambling saloon which everybody knows,' and which the police wiukat,'he won an additional 63000 from them at poker and hazard. If he has" not begun the year well, he ha3 certainly started it profitably." A Rich Quartz Lode.— One : of the richest strikes known in the mining liis- tpry,qf California was made recently. A pocket fit quartz , of almost .'. unparalleled richness' was found les3 than 100 feet from the surface, in which was contained from 75,000dol. to 100,000 dol.,, and. about two to.ns in quantity. Much of this might be termed, chunks of gold instead 'of gold- bearing quartz.- Some of. these pieces of Bolid gold were- about asjheavy- as -a man could lift from the ground. ' The largest piece- was an oval sixteen inches by twenty-two and six inches or seven inches thick. The value of this bonanza is esti mated at from 50,000 dol. to 100,000 dol. Gold for Australia.-- -The withdrawal of gold from the Bank of England for Australia is said by banking authorities to be.due to the great expansion of our wool trade, and to the large shipments of . gold which "have latterly been sent to England. - Banks which have made large advances here in the ordinary course .of business, or in connection with wheat and wool purchases, payment for which is 'to be made to them in London when the hills mature, find that they cannwt replenish their funds here quickly enough, and have consequently sent to England for the gold. Received. — The "Illustrated Austra lian News" for the 23rd in3t. has reached ns, and is an excellent number. The frontispiece depicts a familiar scene in con nection with underground mining — feur miners at crib (or rest) time having a social chat and indulging in a smoke aud refreshments. -Among the other sketches, whioh have . been . executed iu a. style .'equal to the illustrations in English or 'American-, publications' of-areater pre lei i- sidnsthanth'ev nectiori witl?the Ebgmoers?- Eiliibicion; a dusty day in Melbourne, the tourist sea son at Lake Wakatipu (N.Z.), and "A Block in the Yarra," showing two vessels aground in the bed of tlio stream at low tide. A Case for Charity. — On Wednesday evening Mr Owen Jones, of the Big Hill, near Everton, brought' into Beechworth a man named Henry Smith, - whose 'case is one that certainly demands immediate attention. The man was found -'by Mr Jones standing in a paddock at the Big Hill, with his clothes wet through and, in an. altogether miserable condition. On being interrogated, the unfortunate fellow stated that he was a native of New York, where he has a brother (a Church o'f England' clergyman) living ; that he had been a miner in Queensland, where he contracted fever and ague, which brought on St. Vitus's Dance, from which terrible afflction he is still "a sufferer, and, although under treatment at several hospitals, has been pronounced incurable. Aitnougn only ou years ot age, rie 13 a perfect wreck ; and if ever there was a case for 'the Hospital for Incurables, this is one, and it is to be hoped steps will be taken to secure his admission to that institution. Mr Jories is to be com! mended upon his ; charity" tor Smith, who was a perfect stranger 'to him ; as, instead , of passing' passing" him 1 by, as many would have done, he;ac'ted tlie1 part of.the good. Samaritan, by. supplying liim with five ' good 'meals, of Which he 3tood sorely: in need, and then, brought him, a distance of six and a. half miles, .walking; into -Beechworth, where he secured and paid for a bed for the night at the Harp of Erin Hotel, and then had to walk home the same night. It appears that Smith,' oil. being discharged frbih. the Wangaratta Hospital, was ' arrested ion a charge of vagrancy, and sentenced to seven days' imprisonment in Beechworth Gaol, arid on being liberated on Monday last wandered t'oWardi Everton. , , j Railway Travellers Inconvenienced; — Tiie Melbourne papers have for the past few weeks been declaring a regular crusade against the railway officials, on- the score of the incivility' and .inattention shown to, the general' public by1 the be-badge'd officials, clothed in temporary power, through the caprice of the' Minister of the moment. We do not desire to assist our contempo raries in this wordy war, as, we ourselves have riot yet the pleasure of coining in contact with these gentlemen of the de partment ; but a circumstance has been brought under our notice that certainly deserv.es to be recorded, and consequently, remedied, writes the "Alpine: Observer" of the'lSth' inst. On Saturday morning last a gentleman left Melbourne for Bright, and took his ticket at, Spencer-.street for Myrtleford, '. Hiiving arrived . at . Wan-: garatta; he left hiscarriage; for re freshments, and afterwards : took liis seat' iri . the same train, no intima tion whatever being given by the officials at that juiic.tion that a change of train, was; necessary'. "He proceeded. thence.,'. to.! the Springs, where, having discovered his'errpr,. he had to undergo the torture of remaining until 'the . 3 31 s train' to Warigiiratta.., . As1 it was impossible.' for him to reach Bright that niglit, he.had -tp'b'e put to .the expense of remaining iri Wangaratta uutil Moudiiy, when ho proceeded by the ordinary, train: to Everton.. Arrived there, lie might have, gone ori to Beechworth.' as regards anv in-, formation' the station-master or .porters, gave him. Iiideod, an old lady., and her daughtor were going on ;,but,f fortunately, the Victim' of Satrirday's. unpleaaaiit inci-; dent noticed them in their carriage, and he, having previously learnt'„tiieir destina-; tion, had,, just." tfinq. enough to save . them; from.lieing ,takeu.t.o\Beechworth,: instead: of- to Myrtiefbrd.Surely it. would nqt .be' to much too ask the well-paid. and uniler-i wqrk.ecl' .riiihyjay. pqr.ters - .to . open their , mouths ifq' sopae b.ther, , i purpose i than merely "to putjqbd 'theroin. It would', not) He rii'uqh trouble :for them. to announce the 'changes uecgssary j.but theu it would be beiieath 'tlieir exceeding high dignity as Goveninient officials. : , . ... r, . ; , Ere ebur.gh .—The coming hop season promises, to be a very prolific one. Of the different- plantations ' Mr Bunn's, at Germantown and Freeburgh appear to be the most forward ; next to, these are Mr Barnett's, at Woolshed. As both parties are in a position to irrigate, this might possibly have something to do with the forward growth. I have seen a large quantity of Mr Bunn'8 hops at German- town fully two inches in length, and if no- thinggoes wrong between this and pick- iug, fully fifteen hundredweight . to the acre is expected. He also has a lot of Coranderrfc, a new variety now in bearing. Tliis kind! is heavily loaded with hops, but of smaller and more compact growth. The bines' are less in height, and throw out no lateral branches'; the hops grow close to the ; poles, instead., of spreading out, aud on some' of tho polos there appear to be almost more hops than leaves, bnt the old varieties seem to me best' suited, for this district.: The fruit -. crop . is also . very . heavy ;» the apple-trees are breaking down with the heavy weight of fruit. Plum-trees are also heavily loaded and breaking down in many places. Pears arc less . plentiful than in former years; some trees-are heavily loaded, but on the whole the crop is only medium. Crows are beginniag to come in hundreds among the truitrtreesj and destroy large quantities, apples especially. Where are the millions of caterpillars coming from ? and where h . ve they gone to all within another week ? No one seeius to, know. I saw a crop of peas of Mr Francis's so thickly, covered with caterpillars, that the .peas could hardly , be . seen. : They made . their ap pearance within.a few days. after the, peas blossomed, and ; stopped . on till the peas were ripe, . when ; ajlqat once, within three days' time,, they .all disappeared as mysteriously,- as they came., Mr Francis, with some workmen, tried-to- cut the crop down .before; .the .-caterpillars, had dis appeared ;"b"ut , th'ej bad stnell of those destroyed got so great, "that the men had to leave the field and give the insects best. — " Observer" correspondent. Cider-making. — Mr L. Kitz, wine mer chant, of Bourke-street, Melbourne, is again this year making cider at his resi: dence in Asling-street, North Brighton. The wonderful crop of apples in the dis trict last year induced Mr Kitz to purchase a cider mill and press, and the result of last year's crushing was COOOgal., a good deal of which has found a ready market. The success that attended last year's ven ture has induced Mr Kitz to continue, notwithstanding that a much larger price will have to be paid for apples. Already 15 tons have been delivered, and an ad ditional large quantity has been promised. The buildings are well arranged for labor saving.' A long tier of barrels on an elevation receives tho juice from the press, and the process of raeking off is carried on by means of syphons from tier to tier until the ground-floor is reached. The mill is now in full n o'rk, some three or four men being actively employed in crushing, press ing, &c.; At present the proce33 is all carried on by hand labor, but as last year was an experimental year, with an ex traordinary crop of apples, the proprietor did not feel justfied iu applying steam. This year the ap'ple' hrop is-'below the ayi 'ef age;- says tho "Argiishri&Mr; KH'MhiI hbuidtffi bjy,thAhfipplji'iva3 'td whefefSP&i; enlarge the plant, and add steam as a motive power. The supply of. apples this year is not confined to the Brighton Dis trict, a few tons having been delivered from the- Boroondara District." " Stock Movements.— Mr Geo. .Maci ay, inspector of stock, reports the following stock movements in the "Albury district : 2000 merino ewes, from Bowna to Bolero, Messrs Huon and 'Collins owners ; 400 mixed fat Bheep, from Woodstock to Sydney market, Mr G. R. M. Collins owner ; 1400 mixed weaners, from Culcairn to Brookong, Mr J. McLeish owner. Fatal Accident. — A man named Hughes met Iris death near Albury on Tuesday by falling off a dray. A magis terial inquiry was held on Wednesday,: when a finding of accidental death was recorded. The Rabbit Pest. — On Monday evening Mr G. E. Mackay, inspector of stock for tho Albury district, received a communi cation from Sydney, requesting him to visit the vicinity of Sandy Creek, ATictoria,; about twenty-.six miles distant, to report! a3 to the existence of the rabbit pest there. Early on Tuesday morning Mr Mackay pro ceeded to make an inspection of the locality' mentioned. ' , ; J The Premier's Health. — - The Hon. James Service has, we learn, almost; recovered from his late severe attack of! neuralgia. Oxley.— Our correspondent writes :— ! On Sunday night and early on, Monday' morning Beveral slight showers of rain fell, and towards evening heavy masses of; rain clouds discharged "their . welcome moisture; On Tuesday it rained with little; intermission during the whole day. " Al- ready the stubble arid- :grass show signs '-of; changing the brown tints caused by thei scorching heat of the past few: days, toilhe; green tints of spring. ' However -pleasant j the rain may have- been in some of; its effects, it has caused the stripping and thrashing operations1, to., cease for, the' pr'esent. The bush fires that have, been raging upon r the ranges have been! extinguished. A revision ' court was held; here' on the 18th inst. Messrs J; -T. Belli and 'Chas. Connors' i were re-elected as1 licensing magistrates for 'the current year.' To-day (Wednesday) rain-1 is "'still 'falling, ! and grey-hued clouds cover the 'fiTma-i ment, indicating . a -continuance of the! fall. The Victorian Loan. —' Wednesday! evening's " Herald"' conveys the satisfac-, tory intelligence that the Victorian four , per cent, loan was satisfactorily floated ou ! the. London market on.Tuesday..:,, Tenders amounting in the aggregate.,, to £5,550,000 .were .received, aud- of these, those at £100 Is .6d will -receive 90 per cent., and those above, that figure in full. The price is generally regarded as satisfactory. The fact ithat- the full sum,, has been obtained without difficulty or check is an indication that Victorias credit, has. not. been 'much depreciated by her frequent borrowings, in recent years.; Wesleyan Church, Albury. —At Mon day's' sittings of-the Wesleyan- Conference, it was resolyed; in regard to ce'rtaiu-repre- sentatioris .that had been 'made ..referring to church property at Aiburjq' that," m the utrarif. rtf fha /»rtn noott A'n'«I"ni«Anrkfl>t» 'Iini nrr WVUUVVUVMOt 'transfer fed" to tli9 New South' Wales Con ference,- a married minister of not less than bight "years' standing should .also be transferred. ' . _ ' ' . Inrcolonial Trade,— The following particulars are obtained. from, the returns . lately eompiled, at- the -Albury Customs office' -The total' value of tlie imports; ifrom Victoria; at' this-r port for .1883 :was' F672J3751;. the 'total- exports for the same: year being valuad at £464,079. -The'duties1 collected on the above, imports' amounted' to £22,829. For 1882 the imports and ex- ' ;ports were valued at £386,523and £343; 510: -respectively. The following are the "prin cipal items among the imports for 1883 Gold coin, valued at £306,000 ; drapery, £59,928 ; agricultural implements, £16,481 machinery, £11,573 ; hardware, £li;049 grain, £10,401" ; jew.ellery, -£l0,192 ; sugar, £10,210 ; wearing apparel,- £7,157 ; boots and shoes, £9,890 ; spirits,1 £7,056 ; tea, £5,635 ; timber, £4,424 ; saddlery, . £3,357 ;iron castings, £4,404 ; butter, £5,440 ; tobacco and cigars, £2,753 ;' wine, £1,618 ; watches and clocks, £1,412 ; po tatoes, £2,606 ; hay - and chaff, £5,381,! beer, £2,247';; woplpacks, £2,156 oil,1 £2029; opium, £1,934; rice, £1,278; soap, £1,609 ,. hops, £1,777 ;malt, £1,127 ; flour,: £3,216'; drugs, £2,816. Exports, chiefly as follow : — Wool (greasy), 5,4491011b., valued at .£255,456 ; wool (washed), 283,1781b., valued'at £21,378 ; sheepskins: £3,425 hides." £3,189 '; -green fruit,; £7732; tallowy £1,623; wine, £1,129. The live stock returns' shuvv that' the imports! for 1883 were :— 2,627 cattle, valued'at £18,755 ; 62,807 sheep, valued at£73, 100;' and 480 horses, valued at '£15, 663. ' Live stock ." bxjibf ted were ' :-iCattle,- : 21;675, valued at £112,588 ; sheep; 64,707; valued at £29,396'; and-hor'ses; 547, valued at £10,921. ;j l! ' - -- An Electric. Gun.A new species of rifle without lock or trigger-has .been con structed in, Paris/ - Iu it. the charge is'fired by. means .of. a platiuum; wire, rendered incandescent by <.aii electric current con tained in a- small battery, in the stock'of the gun.-: . Whether. ithe novelty ha3 any practical advantage over the ordinary gun' would be difficult to- say, but it is pro- bablo that the aim: will be less liable to disturbance, with no trigger to ha. pullad. The current-is. by a slight pressure , on a push-button., or key.— thu3 involving, we' fear, the greater liability to accident. : Suicide1 of .Three "Sisters. — From Venice there has come, to Loudon a story of tragic gloom. Three sisters, of the name of Angeli, belonging to a good family, took the steamboat one afternoon to Lido. They proceeded to the beach, and were seen late in the'ey&ding; walking together. A fisherman1' afterward.3 found their bodies on the coa'st. It now appears certain that they committed suicide; One ui iub Hiscers was surmring very severely from, her eye-sight, and the second Was subject to epileptic 'fits. They had on several occasions declared that they found life miserable, and would put an end to it. The youngest of the sisters, a girl of extreme beauty and grace, had been heard to'say that she' would not live an hour after her sistem' death. They had lost their mother, whom they adored, and it appears that, before starting for the Lido, they had placed a wreath of flowers oh their mother's tomb. In the room of one of the sisters was found a volume of Mazzini'a " Proinessi Sposi" left open at the chapter describing the sadness of Lucia on' leaving' her. native home. - Alcohol; from- 'Smoke.— The latest instance of :tlie utilisation of waste pro ducts is -that, effected "at Elk Rapids, Michigan, with the gaseous matter given forth by' a bla3t furnace in which are manufactured 50 tons of charcoal iron per day. In the case to which we refer the vast amount of smoke from the pits formerly lost in the air, is now turned to account by being driven by suction or draught into stills surrounded by cold water, the result of the condensation 'b9in» first,1 'acetate "'of' dime ; second tnCTffjnuklhfehar; third,- 1 tar the 'fourth parti produces (gasjwhich' -is : -Consumed under the boilers. Each cord of wood produces 29,000 cubic feet of smoke 2,900,000 feet of smoke handled in 24 hours producing 12,0001b of acetate of lime, 200 gallons of alcohol, 251b of tar. ' Artificial Limbs- — At the Amsterdam International Exhibition a series of artificial arms and legs, aH oScient and inexpensive "kind, are now attracting con siderable interest. They are the invention of Count de Beaufort, an d consist of an ingenious combination of leathern sides, cords, india-rubber springs, and wooden lingers or toes. The movements ef the muscles are very well imitated by these arrangements, which- offer a valuable substitute for the real limfce. The price for an arna is only 25s,. and that for a leg; 45s — a veritable boon to poor folks. An Obdurate Publican. — An oKC Scotch-dame, rather fond of the " moun tain dew," was one day " unc© drouthae,!' and without funds wherewith to provide a. "drappie." She thought there was Sb nR- inn nf ornttina- it on credit from a public-house near; so, summoning her little granddaughter, she said, " Lassie, gang- round to Donald M'Cullum and briBg me a gill. Tell him I'll pay him i' the morn ing." Back came the damsel with a re fusal. Donald declined to part with his whisky without cash. Eager and irritated, the old woman cast about her for some means of " raising the wind," and her eye fell upon the family Bible. ' 'Here lassie, she said, " gie him this, and tell him t® keep it till I bring him the siller." Off went the little messenger, who soon re turned, however; bearing the Bible. Donald was obdorate. " He says he maun haethe bawbee first, granny." With an angry snore tne oka granamotner tarew her arms, and exclaimed, " Lord, did ony be dy ever hear the like o' that ? -The man will neither tak 'my word nor the Word e' God for a gill b' whuskyo" ' A ' Railway "Mission. Car.'— A move ment is on foot in America to raise money, some 20,000 dollars, for the construction and: equipment of a proposed mission rail way car; ' The number of men employed ih .the railroad service in the United States is vey large— several millions. _ From the nature 'Of their 'occupations' these, are, to a great extent,' shut off from church privi leges. and influences'; and in this work of bringing the Gospel to the, railroad men it is' thought that the jprqposed ' mission car. will be a. valuable feature.'! It 13 to contain , three' divisions;- , kitchen with conveniences; for cooking" and, eating, ol n rr '.l'nu rfmon f n A ' i\ aw au'dience-;rqoni in which' to Jiold meeting. This is'.tq be furnished, with camp.' chairs, and .is tu seat 50 persons comfortably. The car is thus to be aplace.for religious meet- ings,.. and .'alsoj ftq..furnish a, temporary lie irie ,f or the, "evangelists an"4'Christiaa workers. ' It,is to;be fuh into the various cities and. railroad. . centres through the country, ..remaining, for aj. time in each, while religions, meetings and work are carried 6'n,. Bibles .distributed, &c.; The originator, of the idea is Mr E. A. Harris,, who is a . conduc tor ef one of the railway lines... . . ;The; Order o?, Jesuits. — Time was when i the news that the Jesuits were de creasing in.- numbers .would have sent- a flutter..thrpughout Christendom. The in formation ..coming from Rome just now causes hardly a languid; sensation of in- teresfc. ; ; T he Society of- Jesus, is no longer a nnlitinol AriruniaotiAn oltliAii/vlv'ita maim. ficationsstill extend over ithe. greater part of the . world; -There; are fewer . Jesuits now .than there have been for many years; and thereseemsr.tq.be little probability of the numbers increasing., The .total num ber, of priests, professors and coadjutors who, owe allegiance to Father Anderledey 13,10,349. In.1870 tho-, society numbered 10,529 ; while riu-lSSO . the :number had sunk to 10,494.- . The. society , is divided into five provinces — Italy and Italian is'- lands; with 15.58- members. ; Great Britain and thejUnited-, States, with, 1895 ; Spain and :Mexico,. .. with 1933; Germany, Austria-Hungary, Belguim and' Holland; with. 2165 ; and-France and-, the "French colonies, with 2790/. It is a 'little - strange that ' Italy, the mother of .the -church; should, count fewer Jesuit; . than the Eng lish- speaking! territories,.: "where heretics abound., -But . perhaps the old .proverb about -a prophet, in his own country applies here,, as well as in'more mundane matters; says the " Pall Mall Gazette.". 4 Lord Macaulay and the "'Ballad Singers. — -Lord Macaulay, passing one day through the Seven Dials, bought A handful of - ballads from . sonie ' street yeudors, - who were bawling out their contents to a gaping audience. Proceed:- ihg on' his' way home, he was astonished to find himself followed by half a !score"qf urchins," their faces beaming witji expec tation: "Now; then, my lads,, what is it?" said; lie.1 " Well, that's a good 'un,'-' 'replied one -of -'the' boys, " after we've come all this way !" " But" what' are yott wiiiting fpr?". said the historian, astonished at" tlie ybojl's- familiarity. . ' Waiting for'! Why ;'ain' t:yo'u ."going tci, singi gii v'nor ?" '- -Prehistoric Remains in Germany — A' discovery which" is expected to throvt some light oh prehistoric times in Germany have been- made'1 near Andernaeh, on the Rhine. Remains of prehistoric' animals hale-been 'found in a puraico-stone pit, and Professor Shauflhausen, "ot Banff, has investigated the spb$ elosely."' A lava stream underlying the 'pumice-stone was laid bare, shewing a width of bnlv two metres/' The crevicaa between thfe blocks of: lava were filled with pumice- stone to a depth of half a metre ; below this, how ever, there wa3 pure loam and dlay, and -in this were found numerous animal bones, apparently broken by man, a well as many stcme implements. It is supposed that there was a settlement there,' o£ which the fqod remains fell into, the lava before the whole was covered with pumice-stone. ' Banks in the United States.— It "appears "at the' 'close of the year 1882 there were 2398 national banks in the United States, .with' an aggregate " capital of 5ODjOOO,O0O :. 'dol;' a" surplus '"fund"' sof 136,000,000 "'dols; and other undivided, profits exceeding ! 55.000, 000 d'ols, thuk .yielding, a total of 691,000.000 dols. iioaus ana , aiscouuts amoimted to l,2o0,000 dols,' aad individual deposits to about 1 1,100,000.1)00.' These figures are very large. It is stated that on' a capital of 488,33,492 dols. the profits still 'un divided are 191,274,786 dols, and this aftor_ an annual payment of dividends varying from 6 to 10 per cent. ThC'sa facts have led to" criticisms in some quarters that the' banks are too greatly tayored, althqugh the ' system is admitted to be .undoubtedly 'the best the country has ever known. ' ' . Doctors Distractions.— Iu enumerat- in.g the , trials a .physician has to put up with, the " Hebrew Standard" says;— If he does not come immediately when sent for, he takes things . too easy ; if he sends m his bill, ' he is , in a terrible hurry fqn j13. money; If he visits his patient every day, it is to 'run up a bill ; if lie don't, jfc is unjqstiable .negligence. If he orders the same niedicjne it does no good ; - if he changes the prescription; he is in league with the druggist. If he uses any of the popular remedies ©f the day, i i3 fc0 oat'e'e to the whims arid prejudices of the people, to nil, nia pi ckets ; if lie don't use theiu, it is froiu .prpfessionai: selfishness. If he is in the Kabit of. having frequent eonsiil'ta- tions, it is because he knows nothing ; if hie objects' to having them," on the ground that he. understands his own . business, he is afraid of exposing Iris ignoranc ; to his superioi-3 If he gets pay for one half his service?, he deserves to be canonised. Who i wouldn't be an M.D.? 