INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. IJBv TíílegraÍb:. I (PBOII OUR OAVN" GOnaiSltOND-NTS.J VICTORIA. » MELBOURNE, Thursday. The Mining Department has instructed Mr. Meeki oon, thla mining inspector at Ballarat, who has Bpeciul ? knowlidgo of machinery, to examine that tvf the Union Company at Talbot, where tho serious accident occurred on TVdinoBday. j Thej Oo_mitssionor for Publio~'Worki-to-day accepted atoudf r of £27,173 for the construction èt the approaches and viaduct in connection with the Warrnambool break- water], this being the first work towards, tha scheme of harbour improvements recommended by Sir John Coode. The ivhole coBt of theso improvements will ba -140,000, A concrete breakwater, 900 feat long.i will bo con« Btruoi'ed. At the request of tha board appointed to inquire into tha tuberculosis disease, the Govcrnnisnt have asked the Á£¡ont-General to procuro for the boai'd's guidance the latfst English publications on tuberculosis. An article appearing in a late numbor of tho Satur- day; Rcvieiv, oa tho valuable services rendered to Great Britain, India, a nd Australia by the late Lieutenant "Waighorn, has bei'n brought unde-r tha attention of tho Premier, who tua* pointod out to tho Agout-Guniral that Victoria has r\ cognised thoso sorvices by granting pensions to two of Ei'eutonant Waghorn'a aistprs, who ara living in Melbourne* so that that information may bo at Mr. Murray Smith's disposal should ho think it worth of publictaion. A draft of the agrjomant proposed to bo entorod into botweon tho Gova'nui.icts of New South Waloa and Victoria regarding the establishment, in the former colony, of a uniform ruto °í pootugu on lottera to Europe by the I1, and 0.( and Orient lines, waa under consideration of tha Cabin) ot to-diy for some timo, but ic was thought necessary Ithut further communications ßhould paita between the rot poctivo Postmcstera-General baforo a definite understand ing was finally arrived at. It is expected that tha ne** Law Courts in Melbourne '. - Will ha ononoiî toward« tho \i_d of UOXt month, TK_ arrangements for formally marking tho event havo not yet beon made. It is tho intention of tho Government shortly to appoint a Hoard to inquiro into tho condition' Df the various Lunatic Asylums and the general work bag of tho Lunacy Law. Tho Premier has issued a circular to nil his colleagues with a view of having as much work as possible dono «warda the réorganisation of tho Civil Service before tho now Oommiasionois enter on their duties, and to facilitate those duties, Tho formal disbandmont of the Volunteer force is not to bo effected until thu Counoil of Defenoo enters on its duties, and advices tho Ministor as to tho proper timo to dispenso with the sorvioes of the present Volunteer organisation. The Mayor of Melbourno gives a dinner to Lord Eosobory and Sir William Des Voux, Governor of Fiji, on "Wednesday next. At tua lloohestor polico court, this morning, two men named J. Reardon and It. Paul Avero sentenced each to ona month's imprisonment for causing a bushfire. Tho evidence addnred showed that thoy wero soeu near a paddock and vory soon after it was ablnzo, and that thoy , did not try to put out tho lire. After being nrrostad and whilst on tholr way to tho wntohhouso thoy throw rnatohes about. Tho defendants pleaded intosioation as their excuse for the mischief thoy had done. Tho Government stoamor Despatch loft tho bay early this morning with tho port officials on board to inspaot the buoys and lighthouses on tho western coast. The board rooontly appointed by tho Minister for Railways to examino ami instruct tho cngino drivers, firemen, guards, and signalman in the proper Avorking of tho signalling and interlocking systems, considora it absolutely necessary that all stationmasters and their assistants ba also examined ; and the board has appliod for oa extension of its powers so ns to inoludo tho officers in question, which will probably bo granted. The ohiof inspector of oxe'tee has compiled a oom plote list of all tho convictions obtained undor tho< Licensing and Distillation and Tobacco Statutes of 1883". Thcro woro4Sl pro'ooutions instituted, and 438 conviotioDs woro obtained. Tho lines and costs intheso cases amounted to £'Moi, and tho aggregate nmouut of the costs awarded fully recouped tho outlay made. Under tho provisions of the Licensing Act thoro woro 117 prosocutions mid 100 convictions, with fines and costs amounting to Í171C; under tha Trades Marka Statute thoro woro 283 prosecutions, with 265 con viotions ; and under tho Tobacco Act SO proseoutions. At a meeting of the Associated Banka to-day the following rates of oxohango on London wore adopted : -Billa at 60 days sight, buying, lös. discount; soiling, at par. The Minister for Jtaihvaya has conditionally accepted tenders for tho railway from Norwell to Mirboo, a distanco of 20 milos, at a cost of £73,870. A curious caso was heard bofore the bench nt the Prahran Polico Court this morning. A man namnd Ethey prosocuted two othurs, mimed L. llawioy and 0. Crouchor, on a chargo of robbing him of £260 at cards. As tho complainant, howovor, admitted having " doctorod" the numbers on the packs of cards used, and having also requested a certain hotelkeoper to lot him know when there woro any " fiats " about, the bench dismissed tho cn"e, stating that thoiconduot of both sides was equally bad. A Uro occurred early this morning on the promises of 'Messrs. Sanders and Co., trading ns tho Leviathan Clothing Company, at the cornor of Bourke and Swanson streets. Several portions of the building Avoro gutted, and muoh damage was done. His Excellency tho Governor has intimated his intontion to hold a vibitatiou at the University on Tuosday next, to inquire into the existing disagreement between tho Senate and Iho Counoil. The ft, M.S. Shannon sailed for London this after- noon. ; A dead body was found on the Brighton beach to-day, | and it h ob Binan boon reoogniscd ns that of; a missionary ' named /Eneas English. 