NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney. January 4. Mr. G. Taylor, the General Manager of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, states that the Company have concluded an agreement with the French Government to connect by cable the disturbed district in Tonquin and Saigon, the capital of Lower Cochin-China. The steamers Kangaroo and Calabria are now on their way from London with the cable, which is expected to be completed in March. It is also the intention of the Company to pick up and leplace by the patent brass- ribbon core cable a large section of the old Port Darwin and Java cable, which has hitherto been the cause of many faults in the line through the attacks of the teredo navalis. The steamer Siene is on the way out with thk cable, which is expected to be finished about the middle of March. The Protection League propose holding in December next an exhibition of products and manufactures of the colony. It is desired to bring together a collection of exhibits thoroughly representative of the natural wealth of the existing industries of the colony in all its branches. The Rev. Joseph Barnier left for England yesterday, per the City of Sydney, on a twelve months' tour for the benefit of his health. Albert Leggjo, a resident of Woolahra, is reported as missing. He left home on New Year's Day on a fishing excursion to Bondi, and nothing has been heard of him since. It is supposed that he has fallen over the cliffs. Bushfires continue throughout the country, and much destruction of property has been occasioned in the neighbourhood of Grenfell, including many acres of grass, a large quantity of fencing, crops, &c.; A deputation interviewed the Minister of Works this morning protesting against the increased rates of season tickets on the suburban lines of railway, and requesting the Minister to consider the matter. Mr. Wright, in reply, said the change could not be regarded m the light of an advance, but rather as a fair and equitable adjustment of railway rates, and declined to interfere with the action of the department. The Marine Board to-day resumed the enquiry into the cause of the collision between the steamer Glenelg and the sailing boat Dreamland.^ Voluminous evidence was taken on both sides, and counsel intimated their intention of addressing the Board, but asked for an adjournment, as most of their witnesses had been required to attend the inquest on the body of Thomas Lamb, who died from the effects of his immersion in the water on the occasion of the collison. The Board, therefore, adjourned till Monday. At the inquest yesterday into the cause of the resent fire at the Vale of Clwydd Colliery, Lithgow, the Jury returned a verdict of incendiarism against some person or persons unknown. f, - Manning, the Inspector-General of pne r ) r insane, is about to leave Sydney for a ;™ D°?a isit to Tasmania, where he will inspect e the v Tasmanian lunatic asylums at the request of the Government of Tasmania. l fowling has been granted nine months leave of absence, and amusements are being made to fill the vacancy in the District Court Bench for the period of his absence from the colony. The Cabinet Council "this afternoon considered the JLstimates and general financial policy of the Government, including the subject of the tariff. The Colonial Treasurer was busily engaged again to-day in a preparation for the revision of his financial statement. Morpeth, who was heavily backed for the Anniversary Handicap, has been scratched. The inquest relative to the circumstances connected with the death of the woman Marf)ecember 24, was concluded to-day, when aret Owen at Mount Carmel, Waterloo, on further evidence having called been on behalf of the prisoners, a woman named Frances Logan, who had known all the prisoners from childhood, was recalled, and positively identified them as being amongst those who surrounded the deceased on the sandhill. The Coroner then addressed the Jury, and observed that they had doubtless been shockcd by the nature of the offence and horrified by its atrocity ; bat he enjoined them to discard all feeling and sentiment which might be imported into their deliberations, and to calmly weigh the whole evidence. The Jury retired shortly after 1 o'clock, and returned into Court at 4 o'clock with a vcrdict of murder against the prisoners Thomas Conway, Thomas Thornton, William Smith, and John Foley, who were then committed for trial on the Coroner's warrant at the Central Criminal Court on the 3rd of March. Edward Sullivan and Alexander Thompson, who were also arrested on suspicion, were_ exonerated and discharged from custody. The weather continues oppressively warm. 