Telegraphic. Colonial and Intercolonial. NEW SOUTH WAL.ES. Saturday. . Tlie survey party which is now engagea m. making a survey of the Glen Innes- Inverell line, has reported that a slight deviation will be ;made in the route, which will be via Wellingrove instead of Balaklava,. The line will then be taken through easier country, and will pass within ten or twelve miles of Emmaville. Tuesday. Mr, Alfred Cobb has bought the well-known Maitland Vale estate, with stock, near West Maitland, for .£11,000. At a meeting of tho Hunter River Agricultural Society, yesterday, a novel idea was propounded, viz., the introduction of prizes for the best developed girl and boy between three and four years of age. The gentleman who. suggested the. new f oature contends that the association should encourage the human race, and not devote all its energies to. the production of horses and cattle. The society felt that it would bo treading on, delicate ground if these prizes were introduced. The suggestion stands over for further considera tion. A violent, thunderstorm visited Tamworth on Sunday afternoon. The wind was terrific, and was accompanied by clouds of dust, lightning, and thunder; but very little rain fell. In several parts of the town much damage was done to buildings. Portions of roofs were blown off, and windows blown in and smashed. The fruit gar dens also suffered severely. A miner named John Rennie had an extraordi nary escape in the shaft of the Stockton new col^ liery. While he was descending in the cage somo scaffolding caught, and afterwards fell, with a crash. Rennie fell 40 feet into 25 feet of water. One of his knee-caps was broken in the descent. At, yesterday's Government laud sale of. town allotments in the Bathiirst, district lands office, nine lots were sold at J29 in half-acre lota. The windstorm on Wednesday last baa. been followed by twp' sharp frpstsj which have done £|^^^^rhu|Mj^^y^rt^oji^^^B^^^rt^fta^ and to othor crops. A large number-of catter pillars which were playing havoc with the crops have thereby been killed off. A public meeting was held in Newcastle last night, for the formation of a Benevo lent Asylum in Newcastle. Messrs. . Fletcher, Ellis, and Gorrick, M's.L.A., were among the speakers. Resolutions were carried which urgod Uie desirableness of the project. A committee was appointed. A return shows that 58 coroners' inquests have been held in Newcastle and tho district during this year. A man named Matthew Smith was savagely attacked by a boar in Marulan on Sunday. He was not released from his perilous position before hq had received considerable inj my. Ho is now lying in the Goulburn Hospital. A meeting of persons representing tho boot and shoe industry of Goulburn waa held last night for the purpose of raising f unds to assist the men who are now out on strike in Melbourne. There was a good attendance. A public subscription list waa opened. It will be kept open until the Btrike terminates. Shearing is nearly over in tho. Carcoar district The clip is a good one. The absence of rain has greatly deteriorated the wheat crop. The crops aro expected to yield 25 bushels per acre. A week ago they were expected to yield only 12 bushels. At Dubbo the deaths of two well-known resi dents occurred. Mr. Henry Diehl, tho landlord of tile Australian Hotel, died yesterday morning. Last night Mr. Percy C. McDonald, storekeeper, passed away. He had a severe attack of bron chitis, which seems to have affected his lungs and to have caused inflammation, A large number of sheep passed through Dubbo during the past wepk. Great dissatisfaction is expressed at; the order which has been received at the Dubbo railway station not to truck any more slieep until after the 19th inßt, Latterly much difficulty has been experienced in obtaining trucks for sheep, although they are standing idle at the station. Wednesday. At Glen Innes, Mr. S. Freeman, Lands Depart ment, made ail inspection, of the premises ollere d to tho Government for Land Board offices, and selected the Music Hali and the Temperance Hotel, The necessary alterations will bo proceeded with as soon as instructions are received from head quarters. A daring robbery was committed in Tumut early on Sunday morning. Some person or per sons entered a room in the Star Hotel, where tho landlord was asleep, and took from nuder his pil low a cash box which contained ,£40 in notes, aud cheques. No trace of the robbers has yet been found. Several teams, heavily laden with goods, have left Tumut for Kiandra, but when they are likely to reach their destination is a mystery, for thc road up tho mountains is almost impassible. Monoy has bean voted to improve the highway s but no steps have yet been taken to have tho cash expended. If tho matter ia not seen to before thc wiutor, travellers will lui,ve to find a new route. At Narrandera, John Miller Killen, before the district coroner on Tuesday, was committed for trial on the charge of having wilfully murdered Janies Graham, at the 12-Mile Quarries, near Narran dera* pu Tuesday, November 23. Killen is well connected. It has not been deided where the trial is to take place. Thursday. Three Cobar bakers were charged' in the police coiu*t, on Wesdnesday, with having sold light weight bread. Tho three oases occupied the Court nearly all day. One of the defendants was fined ¿S3 with costs. In tho second case the Bench dis agreed, and the third was x^ostponed until next Tuesday. The School of Arts, Maitland, was densely crowded last evening to hear Bishop Barry, of Sydney, lecture on "National Greatness; what is it, and how is it to be obtained."' Last evening a terrific storm of wind find dust, with slight rain and hail, passed over Windsor. The balcony of Lilburn Hall, occupied by tho Windsor Grammar School, wag blown away, and Robertson's wheelwright. establishment unroofed. The first bush-fire of tho season occurred on Tuesday on Mr. Marina's run, Mophety. A good deal of damage was done to the grass and fencing. A heavy thunderstorm passed, over Mudgee yesterday afternoon. The lightning was very vivid, and it caused much alarm ; but no serious injuries have been reported. A little rain fell. Last night, at Goulburn, a fire broke out in stables at. rear of a three- storey- building situated at tho tho corner of Auburn and Clifford streets, and known as an old auction mart. From the wooden buildings tho fire got on to tho auction mart, and the interior d these premises was destroyed. Nothing now stanls but the bare walls, and they are about tobo puled down. The stables were demolished. The annual lease of the Windsor tollbar was sold in Parramatta, to-day, for ¿8027. Au attempt was made at about 5 o'clock this morning, by Marian Stradwick, a general servant in the Free Trade Stores, Braidwood, to poison herself by talcing oxalic acid. She is recovering. Twenty-four selections, embracing 3355 acres, wero taken up at the Armidale land office on Thursday. À stacie -which, contained about. 20 tons of hay has been burned to the ground at Inverell. Tho loss is estimated at over ¿S100. The stack was, accidentally set fire to. A large sale of town properties -will talco place on- Saturday. Mr. Sinclair will bo the auc tioneer. A blacksmith named James Mitchell, who had only just arrived in Albtu-y from Wagga, was. drowned on Thursday evening in the Murray whilst bathing. The following selections were taken up at Albury on Thursday-T.Beagley 144$ acres, county Hume parish Henby ; J. J. Byrne 90 acros, J. Hudson 320 acres, M. Keogh 50. acres, E. Kearns 805 acree, E. Clark; 50. acres,. B. Bell 200 acres, W. Byatt 60. acres,, A. M; Rial 18Q, acres, A.. Rial 36. acres,, J,., E, Rial 40 acres,. A. Rial 40 acres-,, J. E. Rial 128 acres, J. Pierce; 140 acres,. W. S. Chesire 49 aoreB:, J* Cliff 60. acgeSj A. Ross 80 acres, A. and J. ROBS 82$- acres, W. M'LacHan, I 120 acres. 1 