RIVER DISTRICT NEWS. The Bourke Watchman of December 18 reportsDuring the past week we have experienced some of the old style of weather so common ten, fitteen, or twenty years since. Tuesday last was a warm hazy day, with those puzzling indications which some times lead to a lot of rain and sometimes to excessive heat. The latter was the case in this instance, as Wednesday last was the hottest day experienced in Bourke for some years. The lowest reading of the thermome ter we saw was 112°, and that was in a dark room, with double roof and walls and the floor wet. The Government thermometer in a cool place registered 11G°, and in some places the mercury went up to 123". About 5 o'clock a regular simoom swept over the town, covering everything with sand and dust, and effectually preventing anything in the way of work, either inside or outside. In the evening the thermometer went down to 77°, and on Friday, which was clear, bright, and pleasant, the maximum was 90° and 60 minimum. Up to the present the weather lias been very pleasant. We hear that por tions of the country down the river this benefited by a rainfall of from 70 points to two inches. This will make things look much more pleasant." The Wagga Wagga AdrertUer of December 22 writes:—"The weather during the past' week has been fine and warm, and, as was anticipated, several bush-fires have occurred in the district. There are no stock move ments of consequence to report. The coming festive week is not likely to enliven matters, as usually matters are quiet during Christ mas." The JJuhho Dispatch says:—" The weather during the past week has continued dry and exceptionally hot. Saturday, Sunday, and Monday were very warm, ana Tuesday was dull and it looked like rain. It, how ever, only looked that way, for the day passed without any falling. We want a good fall of rain just now, not only so far as Dubbo is concerned, but for other parts of the district. We hear that on the Macquarie, lower down, and on the Marthaguy, the state of the country is somewhat alarming. The feed is almost done, and water is also very scarce. Several owners have already started their sheep, and others are thinking of doing so. The wool is still coming through. Last week Wright, Heaton, & Co. forwarded nearly 4,000 bales from Dubbo, Nyngan, and Ncvertire offices." The Wilcannia Times of December 21 reports" Stock movements are at a stand still, and will continue to be so while the present dry weather prevails. The whole of the travelling routes may be said to be prac tically closed, not in all cases so much from want of watez as from want of feed. There is little or no feed on the Paroo line from Tonga up to Queensland, and, as mentioned by a telegram from Thargomindah, a herd of fat cattle which had essayed the line had to be turned back to the station. The Booligal track is in a Bomewliat similar condition, and i the Barrier line via Mount Gipps is not only short of feed, bat, from absence of public tanks, without water, as it generally is. Our Menindie correspondent, writing on the 22nd, says:—' I have no stock movements to report. Tne weather is sultry, with plenty of aust storms.' Our Thargomindah correspondent wires' Three hundred fat cattle lor Ade laide, from Nocatunga, Hughes owner, re turned yesterday to Nocatunga, being unable to travel via Hungerford or Gum Hole for want of grass and water.' At Walgett, the Mail says: — 'A succession of Darling showers and intensely hot days have followed since oar last. On Monday the ther mometer registered 1)8° in the shade. Dust storms have prevailed every day. On Wed nesday we had a heavy storm of dust, accom panied by hot winds from the north- east, the glass showing a heat of 120° in the shade. The outlook is a very dreary and droughty one. What little water ana grass there was must have all been dried up and destroyed. Stock are beginning to lose con dition again, and unless we have heavy rain shortly we will be in a worse plight than ever.'" At St. George the Standard says " Stormy gusts of wind, accompanied by an unpleasant amount of dust, nas blown at intervals through the week. On Tuesday evening rain fell for a few minutes, and we have had a few sprinkleB from passing clouds once or twice since; but very heavy rains fell on Tuesday evening at Cashmere, for a few minutes only, over a limited area of country. The temperature has been higher during tne week, and the country around is looking parched and unpromising." At Forbes the Gazette says:—" We had an extraordinary week so far as the weather is concerned. The early part of the week it was warm, the thermometer going up to 97° in the shade, but Wednesday was the most oppressive day known for many years. It was a genuine brickfielder, with dust galore, the glass showing 106° in the shade. Vegeta tion is burnt up, and bush fires raged all round. While we write there are few signs of the much-needed rain." At Hay the Riverine Grazier says" The water on the stations is rapidly diminishing. Stock movements continue restricted, the routes rendering travelling impracticable, except where the necessity to fly from certain destruction forces owners to risk the certain loss." At Nymagee the Star says " Most un pleasant weather has prevailed during the greater part of the week. On Wednesday last a terrific storm passed over the town, and it was a day that will be long remem bered by all who witnessed it. The dust blew in clouds all day, with a very hot wind, the thermometer going up to 110° in the shade. The wind at times was very violent, and during the day the verandah of Mr. Pope's Coffee Palace and billiard-rooin was blown away, and during the greater part of the day no business of any kind could be transacted. Since the storm the nights have been cool, though the days have been for the most hot and dusty without any sign of rain, which is badly wanted juat now." 