SYDNEY.t * Monday, Janualy 21. A serios'caeeident occurred to the steam tug Ad miral-yesterday evening. The Admiral, which was returning from tile iawkesbury with a numonber.of excursionists, was approaching the landing stage at \--the- ireularaQny, when the reversing gear becaule unmanageable, and the steamer cruasted into the wharf, sostaiting considerable damage to her port boew. The Australian Eleven commenced a match, to day; againasteighteenof theTaenworth district. The warsther Wa finee nnd theattendanee numberedaboht 8#); Tbe matchwasplayedon the raecourse ons gdodeeianot-matting wiket, TheAustralianswon te toess, bnd sent the locadl men in to bat, who put t igetlser.,ln their firstinnings. 61) runs. The Eleven t ten Foik p the defene, aud' lost'only two wickets S.fjrSO?uni:;n M'Donald andGlffen both batted well. MdrJustice Pring, df-Queenasland, has for soeice time'beens dangrously ill from bronchial astlnna at the Astralian Club. He is now oaut of danger, but -?will not-beillowed to resume work for somne time. . Closely fllowing upon the recent &cident; to the steamer Li[auose another marine disaster is reported from Port :Macquarie, the steamer Richmlnond, be loongihng 'n ac r. Nipper and See, having run a ground, to-day, whilst craossing the bar of the ,fJ~iter eastin.gs After touching groun she became u~mansgeahle,andl drifted on to the south side of the channel. on to the rocks inside the bar, when, afte bumping heavily -for hlf-an-hour, a hole was kdncked no thaer keel. and the hold speedily filled with~ asti The Richmond was at the time pro. ceedinga to Sydney loaded with maize and other SrgO,.all of which was much damaged by water. Th passengers were landed safely, and the mails .lseowere got out and sent ashore. The Richmond . iontien. dangeroums position, being in smooth water,ditia ex pesd'that she will bg~4ot off. . ossow being menloaded. -'&Thnrsansnald; meeting of the New South Wales Zgsai0Ojtione Legue was held in the Temnperance _ -.tbiigh it.:lhe meembesrs of the league mus ai legorda c foeree, The report submitted showed : s' sat te e.age had done very satisfactory work ,uriit~2sa first year of'its existence. - .IPnml?O0tnll10lhas been accepted about Empress ,r.teAnvrersary Handicap, but to-night Le Grand '- ,mn tboe market with each force thatS to 1 is ' 0owthebetofferagainest him. Sgrdonyx ansd Empreess a?Ire quotedaet'ito ; Old Gold is more or less in :fave4oat,.to 1,, Affection, Sloth, and Mylestna " Coop .? ih?ve bees scratched. S. .9iiatisfaction has been expreaeed at Ballina at the reported propisal of the Governenut to impose an cie.duty on .sugar. noufactred in the colony, a'tiie' Hayer *of" Ba~lina. has been requested to eonvese a; pblic mneeting to gonsider the mnatter. ' l:P~itshe meeting of the Australian Jockey Cluh 'Ieldto-diiy, the Hon. James White occupied the Schaiir: The reportehowed the financial position of ': the eub' tobe highly satisfactory, and signal success lsad'attended the new rule pioviding for the registra. tlhonof csitry cliibiand race:meetings. The annual meeting of nsubscribers to the Randwick .Asylym wasnheld to:day. ThIe report of the directoro eshowed the institution to be in a satisfactory condi :*ti6nde :Thencmber of inmates is' 450, the average S:cost.per head per annum beingt£24 Is. 2ad. ' Tuesday, January 22. The Inspector-General of Police has written to the btdier-Seretaryrespecting the recentdisappearanmce . of aeory 8lway. from Dignqm's Creek, near Ber . magen. He savs -there is no reason for suspecting .fou. play. Salway is supposed, to. have wandered aH ay and either lost his way or cosmmitted suicide. Tie police, with black trackels, have thoroughly Ss" iTdthec~ouotryfor milesaaroued without success. A a~ipecial meeting of the City Council, this morn. ' i rg, r nofirmed the report of the Finance Colicmittee 'rcommending that no water ratebeleviedl, and that S"rateof le..ld. in time pound be levied for general p"it-peaes in the city. 'A shocking occurrene took place at West Mait lnd last night. About midnight the bed curtainlo enght fire m the bedroom of a house occupied by R'chard Marshall, uplholterer. Mrs. Marshall and : t ree'°hildren; two girs add a boy, whose ages rcmgefrom;sls to ten years, were frightfully burned, \- ?aid when rescued were in a semi-conscious condi. t o Th.eTbcbdfoitieha te mzotber was eonlpletely baked a-out'thle breast and other parts oi the body, ilhile the- feet of the boy was almost burned off. The sufferers 'were taken to thlaelocal Hospital, where they loager in- idstslul agony, and no hopes are 'enter w~i?ed of their recovery. The house was saved, al tj -aiogh much dnamagel. It appears that Mrs. Mlar -iaall-went into the bedroomn to give thie children a drink, when the bed rurtains were ignited I'y the ' 'lmeof the candle. " 'A large bush'fire has brokhe out is a crub hnear te Waratal?lrailway station. The lamlcs extededl Sadistance of a quatetr of a mile, and part of the "r-iilway fence has bren destroyed. A epark from a -lcomotivre is supposed to have caused the lire. "' -Thedead.body. of a woman, whose namie is un k'iru;', haes beea found about lifteicn ,iles fromt COubamble, si thie Wa'gett-road. The post-nortem examinagion ashrwed that the swoman had been ulue de-ed. - .. -Thei~ricket cotchl Australian Eleven against eighllteen of TamwaorlthI waso rosumed to-day. The weather was fine, and the atteninuce nuenbered l500. The Australian Eleven contiuuid tlheir first iniigso anid put together a total of 104. The lTamworth teat,, in their second iunings, scor'd si6, of which Lanmbert contributed 13, Johnston II, and O'lteilly 10\. .The Aus'ralianl eleven thus won by anu itoinls audSU runs. Su0me excitement has ieen manifested at Lismore : consequent upon the report that the Governumient in tend to impose a duty on colonial-made sugar. To thit groising industry, in whIich so anmch ouetlay in rmlnired at the outset, the imposition of a duty w,,uld -ie ruinous. Yesterday the steam tug Comet, witllh anchors on \- board, proceeded to the stranded steamcer Liesmore, and endeavoured to get a line ashore, but failed ii the attemcpt owing to the hIcar'y sea. To-lday the attempt was Irnewed, aid ricomCe ,-cs hadml to, the Govemnmecnt rocket suppmtuso lyiig at tie Plilot SStation, which answeretd uhisirablly, two ehots car-y bi the line over the Liasmrc. Some tinie alter )~fisde. unfnrtinately, tie warp attached to tihe blle perted when nearly aboard thie ltug. Two al sditionl cables are nstow being carried rioucnd, ani anotber-stempt.i- sll Ie tnade to lay the anchms. . Lelo? rt?- pp?ear to ts til wate-tight, ayd the cargo is believed to be uninjured. She will probably commence discharging to- morrow, and the captain hopes to get the eestl nit at next spring tides, should the weather continue fine as at present. The Hen. J. S. Farnell, Minisiter forLanrds, has in timated to the Legislative Aosenbly that it is the intention of the Government to introduce a clause in the Laud Bill authorieing the holder of a bona fie pre-emptive lease to convert thire same into a condi tional lease for five years, with a right of purchase at the end of that period. Itis declared by members of the Opposition that there is no foundation for the statement that they will combine to a loan in revsist ing the rents of Crown lands as proposed by the Government in the Land Bill. Baron Macay has written a letter to the 8. 21. Herald stating that he had read with surprise tihe London cablegram about hiis return to New Guinea shortly. The Baron states that lie hlas quite decided not to undertake any new expedition to New Guinea notil his book on tire sublject of iis previous travels between the years 1870 anrd 1882 is ready for publica tion, which will not be before the end of 1885, or perhaps later. In the Legislative Assemnbly this eveuing, in answer to a question of privilege brought forward by Mr. M'Elhone, the Speaker justified the course he had taken with reference to thire report of thie Elections and Qualifications Committee, and stated that, as thire committee had decided that Messrs. Reid and Sutter were not capable of election, they were not members of the House, and lie could not refuse to direct the issue of writs for filling up the vacancies without contravening the law. He had, however, thought it advisable to await the opinion of the House, as it was in session and about to con sider a bill on the subject. 