NEW SOUTH WALES : Sydney, Feb. 15. j At tho inquest held to-day on the bodies' of Mr. and Mrs. Marum and infant and: Mrs. Kearney, the victims of the late fire ' at the Commercial Hotel, Deniliquin, a, verdict of death by suffocation was' re turned. Mrs. Elliott, who jumped from thei upper window during the fire still »«amniiici nnmnsmnnn. fl.tirl litfcll} llOTlfi of \ her recovery is entertained. Another inquest will be held into the origin of the fire, as incendiarism is suspected. Mr. J. Dillon, senr., Stipendiary Magis trate, has been appointedCrown Prosecutor ; of the southern district. ' The attention of tho Colonial Secretary has been drawn by tho Inspector- General of Police to the circumstance of a certain female acting in Sydney as agent for the engaging of girls for immoral purposes at Noumea, and steps have been taken to suppress the nefarious practice. o Shipping. — Arrived — The Orient-liner Lusitania, from London, and the Pacific .Co.'ss.s. Zealandia, from San Francisco. onowers ui jluxd. itsu. liuie Lu-inyu.0. Intelligence from Noiunea states that a . gang of convicts boarded the cutter Tareinba, and thrust thrco of the native . crew overboard, leaving with the vessel. ; . . ...' Sydney, Feb. 17. Bishop Barry intends to lecture in the Cathedral during Holy weok. Final ar rangements have bepn made for his recep tion-. He . is expected to land about the end of March. The remains of H. Salway, who mys teriously disappeared from' Bermagui some weeks ago, have been discovered; only the skull bones were remaining.' Edward Hanlan, the Canadian oarsman, when the mail left San Francisco, said that he proposed sailing for Auckland on the 15th of February.' . ,, Monsignor Lynch, one of the oldest dignitaries of the Catholic Church in '.this colony, died to-day, at an advanced age. ; Special prayers for rain were offered in the churches to-day. '??.??' The journeymen coopers' strike is still unsettled. Several of the men have left for Melbourne under engagement. ? Mr. Solomon, the. co-respondent in the late remarkable divorce case of Howitz v. Howitz, has obtained a rule for a new trial on the ground that he was not- allowed to exercise the right of challenging the jury. Dr. Badhani, Professor of Classics at the University, is dangerously ill, and there is little hope of his recovery. A bush-fire of considerable magnitude broke out at Blaney on Saturday, which caused - much destruction to the grass and fencing. The ship Stirlingshire arrived from Glas gow with 440 immigrants. There were thirty deaths from measles on the voyage, and the vessel is now in quarantine. . Mr. Devern, a schoolmaster of the Catholic School at Newcastle, was found dead in the school-room. It is believed that tlie deceased was suffering from heart disease^. One of his eyes was missing, and part of the flesh of the. face was eaten away, and it is supposed to have been done by rats. Sydney, Feb. 19. Mr. J. M'Elhone, M.L.A., appeared as defendant at the Police Court to-day, summoned by Mr. W. C. Browne, exmem ber of Parliament, for abusive language arising out of the late remerkable will case, Browne v. M'Elhone. The case was dis missed. A woman named Harriet Cleaver, the wife of a selector, ' was struck dead by lightning yesterday at Evans Creek, near Mudgee. She had just covered up a sewing machine and had one of the' needles in her hand when the electric fluid penetrated the slabs of the hut and killed her on the spot. The needle was twisted in all directions. The hon. J. P. Abbott,Minister for Mines, informed a deputation of stock owners that waited on him to-day that every thing was being done to prevent the spread of scab in sheep. Infested flocks were or dered to be destroyed and certain paddocks quarantined. Mr. Abbott subsequently telegraphed to tho Governments of the other colonies ' informing them of the out break of scab here. A sensation was caused in town this morning by a labourer named Patrick Boylen stabbing the Rev. E. Sturdee, curate of St. Andrew's Cathedral. Mr. Sturdee was about leaving the cathedral gate when Boylen, during a fit of madness, caused by drink, rushed up and stabbed him in the thigh with an open penknife, inflicting a wound an eighth of an inch deep, which bled profusely. No danger is anticipated from the wound. Boylen was arrested. Mr. Sturdee, it is stated, never saw his assailant before. The Marine Board concluded its inquiry into the stranding of the steamer Rich mond at Port Macquariei and decided that there was no evidence of default against the master. The Marine Board also commenced an inquiry to-day into the wreck of the schooner Advance outside Bonny Heads. Rain fell last night, but the weather to day is finq and. warm again. , . ,, ' ; In the Legislative Assembly to-night Mi\ Abbott, Minister for Lands, said the Go vernment intended to make inquiry into the outbreak of scab at. Carcoar. bir John Robertson and other members commended the Minister for stops taken to prevent tho spread of the disease at all hazards, re gardless, of expense. It is undorstoodthe Government havo de termined to withdrawthe property tax alto gether, and submit a policy, of retrenchment by considerably reducing the estimates. From what can bo ascertained, however, it doos not appear tho whole of the taxation proposals will be withdrawn, and that the proposed extra duty on tea and the duties on tobacco will be retained. The Govern ment havo considered the matter very care fully from all sides, and it was only after a very lengthy; deliberation that Ministers could see their way oloar towards somothing' definite; -'';,.,'' ' , . Sydney, Feb. 20. Five hundred sheep seized yesterday at the Lomax Station, near Carcoar, by the' Slock Inspector ; were . clandestinely. -re- moyed during the night,, and are, con-; jectured to bo in some of the neighbouring , paddocks. .? : , : .-...? ., / .; ,,,..'? .'?.' ! The Attorney-General has declined: : to j file a bill against Dinah Frazer, committed for trial on a charge of violently assaulting ! her husband. . ; . ? , ? ' ';-i l; ,ij,: '.-: .?:'-)? : Mr. Gosling, a gentleman well known in j commercial circles, died to-day of typhoid fever. - ? : '' ???'.?'- ? ? ???? ' '.-/'?' .? ;Dr. Dadhain; Professor of Classics 'at the ' Sydney University, and Mr. John Williams, Crown Solicitor,' both continue in a critical! state of health. ' '???' - '?'' v -' ?? ; The inquiry into the recent railway acoi- : dent at Rookwood, by which a numb'er'of trucks were smashed, resulted in '? the; dis^ missal of tho assistant guard, whose care lessness caused'the accident; ' ??' : ' ;- ? * 