MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1884. The Rifle Band will perform in the Public Gardens this evening. There is interruption in communication on the Eucla Telegraph Line, between Albany and Bremer Bay. Pelicans, in flocks of upwards of five hundred, are now the targets of larrikin, sportsmen on the lakes to the north of Perth. Alfred Dhakder having been 'called to the bar,' is open to receive ' clients' at the Railway Hotel (late Cockram's). Ad- vice gratis! — only liquors charged for. — Advt. A man bearing the revered patronymic of ' Shakespeare' was fined this morning 10s. for having abused p.c. Woods. However, he may console himself that bis distin- guished namesake not unfrequently got into trouble with the police of his day, a fact which is proved by his creation of the ever-living,. cf Dogberry' and ' Verges.' The numerous friends of Sic Frederick Weld will regret to learn that he has recently been suffering from a severe attack of fever By the mail on Saturday we received advice's to the effect that His Excellency's health had somewhat im- proved, and that, adopting the opinion, of his medical advisers, he had left Singapore in search of a change of air on a visit to the more genial climate of Penang. The following elections to Roads Boards are gazetted: — Williams District: Chair- man, Mr. F. H. Piesse; members, Messrs. S. E. Tribe, Jesse Martin, and Thos. J. Cornwall; auditor, Mr. Rowland E. War- burton. Sussex District 1 Chaimian, Mr. Thos. A. Thurkle; members, Messrs. Thos Dixon, Edwd. Brockman, and Geo. Cross auditors, the Resident Magistrate and Mr A; R. Pries. The district of Plantagenet seems to be fortunate in the acquisition of public re- serves of land. A square block often acres, about eighteen miles from Albany, the centre of which to be the crossing of Napier Creek, has been recently set aside for water- ing purposes ; as are also six other blocks, each of 100 acres, situated, respectively. near King River Bridge, near Dunn's Location No. 130, at the Kalgan crossing, at Moingup Spring at the Pass, on the road from Moingup Spring to Megitup, and at Kechup Spring. The unusually warm and sultry weather which prevailed nearly throughout the past week culminated on Sunday in the hottest day we have experienced during the present summer, the temperature of the atmosphere being intensified by bush-fires both in the ranges and on the intervening plains. The wind, in the forenoon, blew from the south- east; but later on it shifted to the west- ward, and afterwards to the north-west, which proved a welcome change to the almost insufferable heat of the early part of the day. At two p.m. the thermometer indicated 111 degs. in the shade ; at eight p.m. the mercury had fallen to 78 degs. — or 33 degs. in the six hours ! By the last mail from England the Perth Gas Company received another communica- tion from Mr. Bower, to the effect that every effort is being made to complete the neces- sary plant and apparatus for the proposed gas-works for Perth. A large quantity of pipes and some of the machinery . will be brought to Fremantle from New Zealand, to which an over-shipment was made on Mr. Bower's account some short time ago. The order for the balance of the pipes, etc., has, meanwhile, been placed in the manu- facturer's hands ; so ,that, in all probability long before the close of the present year, the application of gas in Perth will be as much within the reach of the public as it is in any other capital city Australia. Yesterday a man named James Croup, who was under sentence of eighteen months* hard labor for larceny, died in the hospital of the Perth Gaol. The remains of the unfortunate creature were buried this morning, and an inquest was held at 10:30 a.m., to enquire into, the cause of death. The Jury, which was composed of Mr. John Arnold (Foreman), and Messrs. S. Hymus, and T. Hall, returned a verdict of ' Death from natural causes.' It is noteworthy that, just before he died, Croup told Mr. Woodbridge that he was very grateful for all the kindness that had been shown him while he was ill. This goes to prove that, in the treatment of the prisoners in the Perth Gaol, strict justice is tempered with humane mercy. Advice's from Singapore staff that a batch of eight horses from this colony, belonging to Mr. Avery, had arrived there from Batavia, and had been sold at an average of 107 dolls, (about £20) per head. Short, but very: bitter ! This morning a man named Thomas Casely was arraigned before the City Police Magistrate, charged with having stolen a silver watch from one James Woods on the 27th August last. "Do you plead 'guilty' or 'not guilty ?' inquired . Mr. Leake. 'Guilty !' - replied the prisoner. ' .' Three years' hard labor,' rejoined the P.M. Just as Casely was leav- ing the deck he called out to his wife, who was present, ' Goodbye !' and then quiet- ly walked off to the cells. Publicans had better beware. Several men were brought up at the City Police Court this morning barged with being drunk on the previous Sunday. In each ease Mr. Leake was careful to enquire, 'Where did you get the drink''? Evasive answers were given in each case, and the P.M., under- standing 'the move,' dealt with, them with proportionate severity. Still, some less reticent brother may be indicted next Mon- day, when the publican will be the real sufferer. Surely the Town Hall clock ought to 'give .time' to all the other horological instruments of the City, yet such is not the case. The clock in the City Police Court is one which is extremely erratic in its move- ment, and'\ is: therefore very untrustworthy ; despite this however, the Police Magistrate appears to rely upon it for ''legal time.''' This morning the result was that Mr.. Leake opened his Court at seven Minutes to ten o'clock, greatly to the disgust of the repor- ters and others who found themselves to be unwittingly nearly 'exactly ten minutes too late." We are glad. to be able to say that a decided improvement is at length) dawning upon the sandalwood market in China and the Straits. Messes. Jardine, Matheson & Co. report that there is less depression and that a lot of 3000 piculs had been sold at 3 dolls. — 10 to 11 pieces to the picul ; longer wood—7 to 8 pieces, to the picul — was worth 3.10 dolls. No sales of importance had taken place during the month at Singapore,. but it was confidently expected that a good business would be done early in the present month, after the Chinese festivities. The quotation remained nominal at 3 dolls, per picul of ten logs. Our Port correspondent, telegraphing this morning, says: — 'The Planet' has ar- rived from North-west. No general rains had fallen up to Jan. 9th, when vessel left Cossack. The country was very dry. Light rains had fallen at the eastward. The schooner Dawn had done the best at shelling, having taken, five tons. The Myra, owned by the McKays, had found a pearl for which £1000 had been refused. The Flowland [? Flowerdale], with 70 odd divers, had taken one bag of shells only. The Planet called at Ashburton a fortnight since. She had fine weather up to yester- day, when she encountered a heavy westerly gale. The people, at Cossack were anticipating a willy-willy daily when the Planet left. At the last meeting: of the City Council a resolution was carried to the effect that all persons who failed to keep lights burn- ing at night to indicate obstructions placed in the streets, or on the footpaths, of the City should be prosecuted. This decision bore fruit this morning, when Mr. Grave and Mr. Kenworthy were proceeded against for such violations of the City bye-laws. In each the defendants admitted the charge, but explained that the lamps must have been blown out. Mr. Leake said that it was undoubtedly very hard upon them, but that he had no option but to fine each of them 5s., together with the costs of the case. The fines were of course paid ; but builders had better be more careful for the future, as a much heavier penalty can be inflicted for such breaches of the law. 