■ BASTOBAL MEMS. . {The Agents from whom we derive the information art rMjwwuWe fer. the statement of agency em ployed in each transaction'reported in </u'j column, stock, station, and commission audits, icho kindly furnish'us with particulars of their sales, arc re quested to see that the copies sent to us are legible. In many cases the press copy comes to us all blurred over, We.a/tall nt «U times be glad to receive, telegraphic notice of important.-<ates of either stockor station pro• perty.) Thcve was a heavy storm of wind at Aramac on Saturday night, and about 0'30in. of rain fell. The weather is still cloudy. Last week was fearfully hot, and any little green grass'that had sprung up since the fat© thunderstorm has all withered. Light showers are reported from the neighbouring stations. Seventeen thousand store shoepforCorowa Downs, 6000 ewes and lambs from Albilbalt, passed Blackall on Sunday, travelling for grass and water. Stock is in very weak condition. A Cunuamulla telegram dated Monday saysThe country is in a perishing con dition. The weather is breaking. The thermometer fell SOdeg. to«day. The annual rain is .expected daily, and there is every in dication of its 'approach. 12,000 wethers, from Alicc Downs, Barcoo Iiiver, for. Vic toria, passed; Whittingham Bros, and Davidson, owners. -citty pomts.ot rainiellat liuguonaen .on Sunday night, and there is every appearance of more. A Swan Hill telegram, dated Monday, says :—132 head of tat cattle crossed here on Saturday from Paika, for the Melbourne market; 37.0 fat cattle crossed on Sunday from Juanborig; for Sandhurst, Mr. J, Tyson owner. The weather was cold and showery on Sunday and Monday, hut very little rain fell. A period of intense heat and terrific dust* storms has been succeeded by cold weather at Balranald, the temperature in the shade having dropped at: least nO degrees. This has been followed by strong south-westerly winds. 35 points of rain fell on Monday afternoon. ; 'The Dcniliquiu stock movements are January 19 : 340; store sheep (Holmes1) going to his selection ; 617 store sheep'^isher and M'Donald's); 772 atorc sheep (Braim's); 200 store sheep (lilliott's), going to his selection. 20fch : 11,000 store sheep from Yanga stntiou, travelling up tho river to Albitry ; 5000 storo wethers (Ricketson's), going to Cornelia sta tion. , Tho weather, is. beautiful and cool. Several heavy showers fell on Sunday night and Monday, The following are the Dubbo stock move ments 600 fat cattle and 7000 fat sheep have been trucked for Hoinebuah, since Saturday, Thirty points of raiu fell at Dubbo on Sunday. The weather at Tocumwal, which during the early part of last week was .exceptionally hot, has for the last few days shown signs of a change. Sunday evening, nt.about 10 o'clock, it coimncnced to rain steadily, and continued through the early part of the night. 'Monday was decidedly cold for this season of the year, the wind blowing from the west, with occasional showers, the "thermometer standing ait from COdeg. to 62deg. Tho rainfall amounted to about 25 points. . The Urana stock passings ara as follows : —9000 ewes, (Keogh's) -from Garcc for the Lachlan; 5000 ewes, (M'Lean and Co.) from Barooga for Condobolin ; 1400 owes, same owners, from Victoria for Condobolin; 2000 ewos from Golguinblah for Merool; 10,000 wethers, (Wallace's) from Brookong for Lindesfern ; 11,000 wethers, (Hardie's) from Malionga for Melrose. > Thirty-five points of rain foil at Corowa on Tuesday. It looked like a heavy down, pour that night, the weather being cloudy and boisterous. A Gunnedah telegram on Tuesday last states that 37 points of rain fell on Sunday, but it was only local. The weather is now much cooler. 4000' sheep (Dangar's) and 400 bullocks, from Bugilbong, are approaching. At Tambo (Queensland) the weather has been extremely hot, registering 110 in the shado on Tuesday. Grass and water are very scarce. It is reported that about 2000 head of cattle are dying ou the road to the railway terminus, whiuli is almost impassable for want of water. • A Tocmmval telegram, dated Tuesday, says Rain has fallen steadily at intervals throughout last night and to-day, the gauco showing about 25 points for tlio 24 hours. The wind is still blowing cold from tho west, and there is every indication of a further fall during tho night. ■ Queenslamv is reported to bo a, dread fully hot country. After all,1 thcro are somo spots in this colony equally as hot. The Week, a Brisbano journal of last date, says : —The iveathcr during; the past week lias been very trying to old residents, and espe cially oppressive, to tho new arrivals. ill. Brisbano. On Tuesday tho mercury' in' the thermometer reached as high as lOOdeg. in the shade, and 124dog. iu the sun. On Wednesday it was not quite so hoty thc heat "being four or fivo'dogrecs lower than it was on tho previous day. The weather on Thurs day was, if anything, moro oppressive iu the forenoon,'and,the. thermometer registered 00 deg, for twoxir three hours after noon. The weather last week at Urana was very hot, and scvoral bush-fires occurred i»» the neighbourhood. The thermometer registered 112deg. in tho shade last Monday. Fifteen points of rain fell on Friday night. Monday wag cold, windy, and showery. j Everywhere wo {Forbes Times) hear of sfcoekowners "looking for grass," and many of them arc at their wit's end, first as to | where they arc likely to get it, and next as j to how they are going to get their sheep on I to it. From the north and north-west they are looking south and east, but we fear thoir j chances in this district aro poor enough. When the owner of 40 miles frontage to the Lachlan, and wo don't know how many miles hack, ia "grass hunting," it looks none too promising for visitors. At Brewarrina (says the Express) the dry, hot weather still continues, and consequently the aspect of the country is becoming less cheering. The circle of hare country round the towji ia gradually extending, whilst the same nupleasant state of affairs is charac terising most of the stock routes. It is to bo hoped that rain is not far off, as if we have to face a winter on present supplies the losses will be incalctiable. Towards Walgctt, and miles around that place, pastoral matters aro as bad as they well can be, whilst down the river it is not much better. Some sickness is prevailing in town chiefly traceable to tho heat. 325 fat cattle (S. M. Swift's), mostly bullocks, from Gumbardo, for Sydney, passed last week. The last Walgett movements that we havo are as follows:—7000 store wethers, from Dungalear for Wamboln, Mara Creek ; 10,000 store ewes near at hand,, from Warialda for Yonendab, Amos Bros,, owners. intense noat prevauca uuriug wio cany part of the week at Forbes (says the Times of Saturday), but ou Wednesday there was a change. On Thursday it was more notice able, and appearances betokened rain. In the afternoon of Thursday there was a slight shower, and, although it is now much cooler than it has been of late, all signs of the much needed rain has gone. This kind of weather lias its usual effect upon stock business, and, with water everywhere drying up and grass none too plentiful, there is but little of any thing doing. The following have been tho crossings for the week :—3000 sheep crossed the Common on tho 13th January from Rookery Station to Burrawa, John Hurley owner ; 51300 sheep crossed the common on the 15th January from Coonamble to Budic gower, Mr. Keogh owner; 1000 weaners crossed the common on the same date from Forbes to Wonagong, S. G. Bowler owner ; 2000 fat wethers crossed the common on the 17th January, from Brotheroncy to Orange, the property of E. H. Moulder. The weather on Wednesday, and yesterday especially, was cool (reports the Wilcannia Times of the 28th). A southerly breeze was blowing, which was a very pleasing contrast to the hot weather experienced at tho be* ginning of the week. At St. George, Queensland, the Standard: says :—The continued drought is becoming monotonous, especially as the circulation of trade by travelling stock is effectually stopped for want of feed on the roads. The temperature during the week has averaged 110 degrees max. and 70 degrees min. The river lias almost ceased flowing, and but for the attention of the Divisional Board in keeping the river clear of dead stock, wo should be decimated by sickness, as our water tanks are all but exhausted. South ward stock passings are :—There are 12,000 store wethers passing, from C. B. Fisher's Noondoo station, going to Brceza, New South Wales; they arc travelling up the Moonie, and going up through Dalby, War wick, &c.; The weather is very hob hero; everything is scorched up, and rain is badly wanted. The Wentworth Telegraph says :—The re turns of wool from October 1 to December 3l2amount to 807S bales, of which 7083 were consigned to South Australia and 395 to Victoria, The departure of wool since oyiv last amounts to 4G49 bales-, 3118 bales being for South Australia and 1531 bales for Vic toria; total departures .since July, 14,274 bales. The week's consignments wore :*— Shannon, 498 bales, Weinterriga 156 bales, Waratah; 192, do, Pilot: 545, Weinteriga ; 30, Kandie ; ;188,' Baden Park; 15, O'Donnell and Ryan Brothers; 18, Willara,; 501, Gooriinpa; 152, JJP; 42, marked D ; 35, Kandie; 47, Mallara. Gem : 300, JJP; 56, Moorara; 4, CWP ; total, 630\. all for South Australia! For Victoria,: —Pride of tho Murray : . JJP, 130; . 340, .: Tarcoola; 13 bales; total, 480 bales. Cato m 140, J and JP. Rodney : 6G2, JD ; 06, EB 1 and D ; 145, J and JP ; total, 903 bales. < Wo learn, on reliable authority, that' Messrs, Shanahan and Jennings have sccured what is most likely the champion clip of the I season, on their Warbrccou station.'. The; sheep shorn averaged 71b lOAoz. each, and the wool realised lOAd per lb all rouud. - The lambs averaged about 2Mb. : : .v 