BUSH-FIRES AND SAFETY MATCHES. " I say, here's a lark !" exclaimed a commercial man to a fellow traveller a short time since. " The cockieB" — meaning the farmers — " want Parliament to prohibit the importation or use of wax matches in Victoria, as being the cause of the bush-fires. What next, I wonder ?" " Yes," answered his com panion, " they will presently insist on our all weariog wooden shoes, as if we lived in a powder mill." And we confess that, at first sight, and without conside ration, the legal prohibition of the em ployment of the neat and convenient vesta does look like a return to the period before Magna Charts, and when sumptuary laws were possible. Such a proposal appears to be, on the face of it a puerile and unnecessary interference with the liberty of the subject. But when we reflect that a careless person — and niney-nine men out of every hun dred are notoriously careless in this respect — travelling through the bush or along a country road, armed with a box of wax matches, is as dangerous and aB likely to produce as much destruction of property, or of life, as a professional dynamitard, with half-a-dozen cartridges of his pet explosive nnobtrnsively re posing in his pockets, the matter wears a totally different aspect. And, much as an Englishman justly loves and ap preciates personal freedom, he also recog nises the necessity of stringent laws against the habitnal carrying of firearms, the possession of air-guns, whicb make no noise, or of so-called life-preservers, knuckle- dusters, or implements the use of which is, at least, questionable. Nor would any Briton admit for a moment that any other Briton had a right to wander about the country with the suspicion of small-pox or eholera morbus lurking in his clothes, or a bottle of Greek fire, for philosophi cal purposes, in his breast-pocket. Now, that is exactly what the undis- criminate use of , wax matches means to the farmer, and it is capable of produc ing, and doubtless frequently does produce, quite as disastrous results. It is not an abstract question as to the right of a man to carry about with him such apparently harmless conveniences, but as to the consequences which that right actually imperils others. Now, there is no doubt that the negligent, nay, often reckless, use of these inno cent-looking trifles, has cost the country hundreds of thousands of pounds in the distribution of material wealth ; it has seriously crippled, and not infrequently ruined, struggling and industrious fami lies, and, although perhaps impercep tibly, it has raised the price of insu rance, and almost necessarily prevented some men securing themselves in this way against a probable catastrophe. Besides, the remedy involves no injustice and little inconvenience. We will admit at once that the wax vestas are a great and real boon to miners, and Mr Service, in answer to a deputation urging their prohibition, with considerable and characteristic as tuteness, seized upon that point, as the only, bat all-snfficient, answer, thns get ting rid of the question by pitting one important section of the community againet the other. Bat the answer, bow- ever adroit, was not complete. The danger is now universally admitted throughout the country districts. In answer to a circular addressed by the Oxley Shire Council in March last to all the other councils in the colony, referring to the " careless and culpable dropping of wax matches" — lighted or unlighted — daring the dry season, as the origin of " many of the fires which every year devastate large tracts of country," that council received, either directly or in directly, assurances of agreement with the premises, and support in a combined 'attempt to prevent the evil. Now, granting that the enforced use of wooden, or safety, matches wonld be a source of serious inconvenience to miners — in a matter involving Buch grave considera tions, smokers and, housewives might well give way— it is surely within the reach of chemical and mechanical science to invent a match which wonld meet all requirements, with a minimum of danger from the sources indicated. At the last meeting of the same conncil there was a letter read from the Bell and Black Mannfactoring Co., London, in answer to the abovenamed circular, stating that if it referred to the dropping of matches not already ignited, bat which might be lighted by the heat of the sun or by accidental friction, a safety head wonld, of coarse, be a sufficient protection , but that, of course, would, afford no security against fires caused by ignited matches being carelessly thrown away. The suggestion would, therefore, meet a part, bat not the whole, Jof the danger, as, in our opinion, the reckless use of vestas is the worst half. But as' the same danger exists to some, although certainly a very small extent, in the case of wooden matches, which in forty-nine caBes out of fifty would be extinguished by the mere act of throwing away, the idea is worth following up. The manufacturers very sensibly point out some of the difficulties, in the way of enhanced prioe and altera tions in packing, &e.;, which wonld be come necessary. But these objections would be of little consequence if even comparative safety could be sewar. Of this we are certain, that, triflingpas the subject may appear, it is of theyery gravest importance, not only to agricul turists and graziers, but, through them, to the whole community, and we shall lose no opportunity of keeping the matter before the "public and inventors, an til some, reasonable solution ef the difficulty is attained. 