MORSELS. Tua Orown Solicitor is better. SCopious rains all over Victoria. SA branch of the Demociatic League has been established at Waterloo. 'lbho proprietors of the Illsnetrated London News are siid tp have paid Mr.-William Black the sum of £3000, for his novel "Yolande." Edward Harrington,' editor of the - Kerry Sieutinel, was en January 6 discharged, alter having undergone six months' imprisonment in Trileo gaol. Cooner's deadlock continues., Masters advertising andi sending houme for Iresh men.' A contest a in mort. .1heo.explosien on H.M S. Doterel has at last been traced to zeroline siccative, a distillation of petroleum, being used on the ship. The budget of the Ministry of Publio Instruction in France reaches the unprecedented sum of six millions sterling. Half tof this sum is absorbed by the primary and infant schools. The landed income of the Duke of Norfolk, which is every day increasing, now amounts to L275 000. . It having at length been decided that the Mletropolitan Police, instead of carrying the clumsy, autrated rattle, shall be provided with whisths, an order for 7000 whistles has been given to M.lssrs.', Hudueon and Co, Buckingham street, Birmingham, as a frst- instalment. The whistle is of improved make, and is unusually shrill. Protfessor wen has, received the honour of K U.B as an acknowledgement of his eminent services for 60 years in the cause of science. Parnell getting shaky as an Irish leader-the Irish ifasrmers egettng tired of the Land League; ind Christendom generally sickened of all the lot long ago. A writ has ben-nissued for the new election for Aubiguy. in Queensland. The poll will take place. on, March 11, The late election, was absolutely null and void. The Electioens and Qualitications UCommittee reported that 37 persons voted twice,, 10 three times, nine four times, two fiyve times, and duue six times The ship Peterborough, which sailed from. Plymouth on November 6 for eydeey with 469 Geveinmeut immigrants, arrived in harbour last night, and anchored in Watson's Bay for inspection by the Health tOficer. Arcbbishop Gould's Le'nton pastoral was issued on Feiday, to be read o Sunday in the.Roman Catholic UChurches of Victoria. The pastoral warns the faithful against taking part in profanep'ooes.n., -lois in the public streets, and tells theni rigorously to exc ude from the home and fireside -profane, lasoevious, and blasphemous publications. ; It In. menoots the difference with which then Sabbath is kept by many professing hhristianity, and again condemns the Victorian ntite school system. About 5000 persons have donned the badge in Melbourne since the Blue Ribbon temperatioe mis. sion' was commenced on Tueaday evening. Messrs. Boothand Olover are attracting'immnse 'audicncess at the Exhibition Building. On EgFiday afternoon -a young man named John Flood, whilst feeding a threshing machine ?on Geoerge Marsh's farm at W'eValli, accidentally got his right leg drawn into' the 'imachine, when the leg was torn off, the bone only hanging on by threads of flesh. He now lies' in a most precarious -con*, dition. ' ' 'J he monthly escomrt' from Carcoar took on Friday' 807.z 3dw?t. _7gr..gold, which ,was mostly from the neighbourhood of . Browne's Creek, and the Mount M?Donald field. The adjourned iEquest-on "the body of the girl Annie ?tumph was concluded' on Friday afternoon, when a verdict was returned- that the deceased drowned herself in a -fit of 'temporary?.? inseanity, brought about by her-hoartless seduction under promise of marriage. 'I here is some talk of hiold-. nlog an indignation meeting, as was done in a simi lar case at Ballarat some days ago. " James dweeney, .an old' resident of Robertson, died at-Mittagong on Thursday from the effects of a fall from bis hrseo. It is estimated that £3000 worth of fencing ha s been destroyed by bush:fires in the Berrima die. trict within the past two months., A " Home of Hope 'for' the Friendless an?i Fallen" has been "established in' Hotlke atr'et, .urry Hills',under the anspices of'thd BuIe Ribblon, Gospel Army, its object being'thes reolamation of fal'en women;, and to provide' a temporary hom?e for those'who 'may be witliou't meatna and friendless, but who arenot' necessarilyivicious. In "tho Legiolativee Assembly2 on Friday, Mr: Merriman pres?ented a'petithion ina favour of amend. mente in the Licensing Act, and ,in oppstition to the extoesion of local'option.' M'r. Griffitha, under a motion for the adj ,uroment of the House, drew attention to the ineffici?ii3'ny f .the Fisheries Act, and in the couree 'of' the"debat'e whichbfollowed, Mr"Sttiart stat d it was intention to introdueoo a bill. for the ameondmrlhit of the Act.- Tie.Hous.no adjourned "eh'aortly afttr 5 o'clock. Oh Holiday latT omedof the gangs who were on strike on r Messrsa. Cobb and: Co.'s Tonterfieold line resiid'ined work.1 The leaders .of.tbehKstrikd'inter- , fered,-and the' gangs again-loit. ,Tie'-police'-bave" been called'toDie.prpwater,wwhre tlfe greater body of the men are It is supposed that an attempt will be made to compel those at work to j ,in the strike. Later news says : The navvies on strike ,were very quiet until Friday. Some, however, then begun drinking, and it was feared that they weouldetart damuigi-ig'pr?perty. A telegram was - received from rBoli'via, applyibg for an additional' number of policemen to accompany the payoart, 'which was leaving Gleno lones on Friday night. OnuSaturday, before Mr. Crane, S.M., at New. town, John Murphy, on remand, -was charged with indecent exposure,'at Concord, on the 10 instant, and sentonoed to three months' hard labour. Every preparation had on Saturday morning been mad'ein order to carry out the sentence of the court -, on'George Rosevear, who was found guilty of iode. cent exposure in Hyde Park, and who was there. fore seonenced to be flogged at.Woolloomooloo. At about a quarter to 12 Dr. Egan, the polioe doctor, arrived, and at once proceeded to examine the pri* + soner. o tfound Rosovoor in a generally low state of health, in a very we-k and poor condition of flesh, and physically incapable of bearing his punish 'ment. lhe doctor, therefore, by the poners con ferred upen him in the Criminal law Amendment Act,' remitted the whole of the flogging. We (S. News) understand that the Minister of' Worke bhe promised to let Mr. Smith have his do. cisirn respecting the new railway rater on os before Tuesday. Ii they are not cancelled before that - date, and a return made to the orignal system, it is understood that Mr. Smith will move the adjourn. ment of the House on Tuesday, to permit members disectsing the whole question. .' An application is intended to be made on behalf of Samuel Garside, of Braidwood, wheelwright, to his Honor the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estatsat Sydney, on the 6th March, for the release ot his estate from sequestration. Mr. Thomas Bolem died quite euddeoly on Friday night. ' he news is 'causing a great-sensation - tu Melbourne. B lam was for may years Inspector.... General' of Statrs rehimla in' Victoria. Abouteaix nanthe ango he institoted procetidings for divoroc aginsot his wife, and made Mr. Hugh Sutherliand Barrett (solicitor) co.respondent.' "I he trial tnok place bdesiriaa.juryofm 12, and caused much excite. ment. The jury'failed to agree, and Mr Bolam did not obtain a divorce. The disclosure made at the trial oa2mlpelled the Government to romove Mr. Beolans from the Education Department, but he was given the position of Inspector of stores at £650 per 'annum. Since then, strange te say, Mr. Bulas wient to live wich his wife at Abbotatnrd; it tso said they' were not happy. There are eoveral startliog rumours afleat regarding the aflair. Printed and publisbod by Tiio0ss DAcons., solo proprietor, at the Evening Penny Post Print, log Olies, Auburn.atreet, Goulbern. . 