THE DARK RIVER. Prospectors are returning in large numbers since the holidays, and are settling to work with redoubled energy, A good many Mel bourne and Ballarat speculators are visiting the district, with a view of purchasing leases on good lines. Mr Rigby has inspected the reefs in which he is largely interested, and he has expressed himself quite satisfied with the progress made. While at Larsen's Creek, Mr Rigby bought the Emu, Kangaroo, and Lyre-bird Reefs. Messrs Manton and Moore have purchased a large interest in the Maggie Moore lease, and intend erecting a water-wheel, stampers, and a patent concentrator next March. The reef is looking richer the deeper it is sunk. The Struck Oil, adjoining it, is looking better. New discoveries continue to be made at McKay's Creek. Amongst the latest finds are the Madame Langtry, the Niagara, the Leviathan, the Martini-Henry, and the Luckenough. The Madame Langtry is one of the most promising on the line. Mining matters on the Upper Dark are also looking up. La Mascotte struck some rich stone in the tunnel a few days back. The Young Aostralian Extended (late Great ! Comstook), adjoining the Normandy, have struck a reef five feet thick. Last trial crash ing yielded 2 ounces to the ton. Alfred Sayers and Melbonrne directors have inspected it. The machinery for the Yonng Australian will be ready to Crash next month.- Good progress has been made in the Normandy, tbe Dark River, the Hillsborough, and the Argyle. John Tucker, the lucky prospector, has dis covered bismuth worth 14s 6d per lb., in alluvial ground, at the Thunder and Lightning Creek. Tom Prosser has struck a rich reef three feet wide at Sandy Creek, 25 miles from Wodonga. A small rush has set in to the locality. A contract has been accepted for carting the machinery from Wodonga to the Morning Star Reef at Larson's Creek, to be delivered next month. Copper ore has been found north of the Maggie Moore ground. A serious bush-fire has destroyed all the huts at the Golden Eagle oamp. Mr Rigby, jun., lost a good deal of property. The traok from the Mitta to Williamstown along the Lower Dark has been repaired and widened, and new cuttings made, whereby the Dark Biver has only to be crossed twioe, instead of 27 times, as for merly. Most of the packers use it in preference to any other track. Improvement is much needed in tbe mail arrangements. Tbe residents at Struck Oil Camp, and at M'Kay's Creek, are compelled to walk many miles over rough country to get their letters. A post-office should be established at some oentral spot on the Lower Dark. A good many miles of country along both banks of the Mitta Mitta River have been taken up for a uiciog claims RaoeB are being out and water fi-uned from Snowy Creek to beynDd Larsen'a Creek. The wash- dirt in places is from 18fc to 30ft deep. It is proposed to work ibe ground by hydraulio pressure. A thousand pounds has been voted for making a road for wheeled traffic from tbe juuotion of Snowy Creek to Green's Creek, near the Morning Star lease. Mr Peter Wright, the engineer of the Towong Shire, is busy inspecting the line of route preparatory to setting his staff at work; The Dark Biver, near Murtagh's hotel, is to be bridged at once. More buildings are being erected, land marked ont for selections, and new faces constantly arriving denote confi dence in the mineB and the stability of the district generally . — " Herald." 