NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.! Sydney, January 21. Three of the victims of the fire which oc< curred at Maitland on Monday night, namely Mrs. Marshall, Violet and Cecil Thomas, have succumbed to the injuries they received. The death of the other girl is hourly expected, A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday in the hospital by Mr. J. Riley, J.P., on the body of Violet, seven years of age. The jury found that death had been caused by a shook to the system brought on by burns acciden tally received. A public meeting was held at Cobargo yes terday re the mysterious disappearance of Henry Sal way at Bermagui. It was resolved that the secretary of the meeting should telegraph to the Colonial Secretary that great indignation had been expressed at the apathy shown by the Inspector-General of Police in having failed to send the local policeman some help to search for the missing man. It was decided to ask the Colonial Secretary to send a water police-constable to Bermagui with the necessary dragging appliances to search, for Salway. The residents were requested to roll up on Friday with a view of making a fresh search. There is only one policeman in Cobargo. It is impossible to say what has become of Salway, and the whole affair is shrouded in mystery. His own brother was working with him until darkthe night before Salway disappeared, and is unable to form any opinion upon the subject. A telegram bas beeu received by the Colo nial Secretary from the Agent-General stating -tbafc the Warwick sailed for Sydney on the 19th -with 622 immigrants. Devastating boshfires have been raging in the Newcastle district yesterday and to-day. In Charlestown seven houses were reduced to ashes, and the public school had a narrow escape. The War at ah Coal Company's new viaduct to Fern gully valued at several thou sands was totally destroyed. A horse and stables were also demolished. Bushfires Taged all day yesterday in the vicinity of Vfest Maitland. At the waterworks on the Oakhampton.road sixty men and a large body of police turned out to prevent the destruction of the tents occupied by ■ the laborers. The powder magazine was in ' great danger, and men were sent to watch it, especially during the night. Hardie & Gorman sold by auction a vacant block of city land close to Grafton wharf, with 55 feet 6 inches frontage to Sussex-street, at £90 per foot, or £4,995 the block. Mr, William Robinson was the purchaser. The Italian warship CatTaciola sailed this •afternoon for Hongkong, via Torres Straits. 