Local and General News. HELD OVER.- Report of Hospital Meeting at Lismore, Cowlong Races, Broadwater Regatta, Ballina Public Meeting, Tweed Public Meeting, and other matters. DISTRICT COURT.- The sittings of the above will commence at the Court-house, Lismore, on Wednesday next (6th instant) before his Honor Judge Murray, there being some 52 cases set down for hearing, ALBERT HALL.- The performance given-by the Members of the Dramatic Club, at the above Hall, on Saturday evening last, was (doubtless owing to counter attractions and the heat of the weather), only thinly attended ; but not daunted by this, the performers went through the advertised Programme in a very satisfactory manner, und we hope that they will favor us with some pleasant evening's amusement when the weather becomes cooler, and life more enjoyable than it is at present. MR. T. WORRALL.- We notice that the above having been compelled to vacate his late position in Molesworth-street (consequent upon its being required for building purposes by the Commercial Bank), has now opened his business as a Galvanized Iron Worker and Tinsmith in Keen-street, next door but one to this office, where he has, as usual, a good stock on hand, and will be happy to execute all orders en- trusted to him. BRICKS.- We notice that Mr. T. Atkin, of the Terrania Creek Brickworks, is now turning out a first-class sample of patent pressed Bricks, which are equal to the Sydney imported ones, and we are glad to learn that our residents generally are encouraging colonial industry, by sending in their orders pretty freely, although Mr. Atkin complains that water is rather scarce, just now, for brick-making purposes. THE LAND BILL.- It is satisfactory to learn from the Sydney Newspapers, that honorable members are rather inclined to work together, now, on the Land Bill ; and that although the attendance in the House has been thin (some 50 members being absent), of those who were present, "none were for a party," but discussed matters on a broad and liberal basis. THE WEATHER.- We are sorry to have to record but little change to report as to the above, save that the wind shifting to the south- east at times, makes the air a little cooler. Light clouds come and go, but leave no mois- ture, and grass and water are becoming very scarce ; and many complaints are to hand of the maintenance men and others setting fire to the scrub (for the purpose of clearing the roads), which fires, not being watched, have burnt off the grass and done much damage in several directions. As might be expected, much of the early crops of Maize is a failure, and only comes in useful as food for the cattle, when not too dry ; and should the weather change, there should be a large demand for the thirty-day and other quick-growing varieties of maize. The young plant cane, in several directions appears to be growing fairly, but the grown cane looks somewhat dry and pinched up from the long dry season of late. Since the above was written we are thankful to say that a light rain from the south-west set in at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning, and continuing more or less for several hours, has had the effect of freshen- ing-up the vegetation, and checking the bush- fires, but, as yet, the moisture has penetrated a very little way into the ground. BYRON LODGE.- It is gratifying to find that as our settlers progress in means and well-doing, they are making for themselves a "habitation," and a name, by encouraging our local industries and tradesmen in the erection of private resi- dences and business place, that will be a credit to the town and district generally. The most notable instance of this, is the new villa residence named as above, lately completed for Mr. N. J. Simmons, Solicitor, of this township. The building is very charmingly situated on a picturesque bend of the river at North Lismore, and commands a splendid view, and has a frontage of 48 feet by 78 feet in depth. The house contains 10 rooms, and is entered from a 9 feet verandah leading to the hall 6 feet wide, running through the house. Entering, on the right hand side, is a drawing-room, measuring 16 feet 8 inches by 15 feet 3 inches, this room being superbly furnished. Next is a dining room 16 feet 8 inches by 15 feet, the height of the rooms throughout being 11 feet 6 inches. On the left hand side is a bed- room, 16 feet 8 inches by 15 feet 6 inches, off of which is a dressing-room the same size as the dining-room. Next comes a store-room 10 by 8 foot ; a servant's room 12 by 8 feet ; a kitchen 15 by 14 feet ; a pantry 14 by 7 feet ; a bath room and other out houses. ; The house which is built of the best hardwood, with zinc roof, and brick chimneys, is lined and finished throughout with very hand- some wall-paper, &c;, while the furniture, im- ported from Sydney and Melbourne, is superb. The house is also thoroughly ventilated, and the fitting throughout are all that can be desired ; and we noticed that a 2 stall-stable was in the course of erection, and that the garden will be shortly laid out in the latest style. We are of those who believe in the motto - "Dum vivimus vivamus " (while we live, let us live), and we are glad to see that Mr. Simmons is of the same opinion, and have great pleasure in wishing Mr. and Mrs. Simmons long life and much happiness in their new abode, and hope that as their means and opportunity permits, others will follow the example thus set, and surround themselves with places of beauty and joys for ever. CAUTION TO PICNIC PARTIES.- On Sunday evening (27th), the residents of Broadwater were shocked by news that their neighbor, Mr. Kelly's little boy three years old was lost on the sea beach. It appears Mr. Kelly and family with others went out on the 26th, to camp on the beach. Next afternoon the child was suddenly missed, and though seen five minutes before with other children could not be found. With commendable alacrity, a party of horse- men and footmen were in search and kept up with little intermission during the night, though dark and the country rough and scrubby. At daylight, Mr. J. Webster whose prompt activity in the matter commands admiration was rewarded by finding him under a bush about 250 yards from the camp, and none the worse of his lonely sleep between howling dingoes and the roaring surf. FOUND DROWNED.- Our Broadwater corres- pondent writes :- ''The few particulars of this melancholy affair, I have learnt are as follows. He was a new arrival in the colony, and engaged on Mr. Meetlicot's farm at Broadwater. He suffered severely from sea sickness coming from Sydney, which ¡ seems to have produced dan- gerous insanity, but with lucid intervals Mr. Oletham (who is in charge of the farm) brought him to Balliua to have him legally dealt with, left him standing in the street in the dark, while Mr. Oletham was asking for a Magistrate, he escaped, and was not again seen till found drowned at Ballina. He leaves a widow and two young children sorrowful in a strange land. Let us hope that those who are able are also willing to lesson the care and soften the sorrow of the bereaved ones, - 'The true way to serve God, is, do good to man.' TO PUBLICOLO.-There are two sides to every question, and, although we have our own opinions on the matter, we fail to see how any remarks can be expected from us, at this junc- ture as regards the late so-called case of "Justice's Justice," in this town,- the more especially as we should like to hear the other side (the said Justices') explanation, and as the matter is said to be sub judice (under considera- tion) by the Law. Officers of the Crown. CHEAP BREAKWATER FOR BAR HARBOURS.- The following letter appears in the 'S. M. Herald,'- Sir : The residents of the Richmond River have petitioned Parliament for a full inquiry as to the feasibility of improving the harbour, the necessity of which is fully borne out by the Lismore disaster. A floating break- water suggests itself as the most rational. The Greenway breakwater or turnwater proposes to effect this by diverting the violence of the sea and use that power against itself by placing a line of buoys of triangular shape with a sharp point towards the sea and two concave sides. These buoys are moored each by an anchor independent of one another, with a space the width of a buoy between them. They draw 10 feet of water, and each wave as it meets them is cleft in two, and diverted right and left towards the next buoy. When they have passed this conflict they will be devoid of much force, having spent most of it in the opposition of wave to wave between the buoys. A few yards from this spot the water will flow in according to natural laws, with little break ; in fact, almost dead water. Where it is desirable for vessels to enter through the breakwater the buoys should be larger and further apart. The wave moves much faster on the surface than below, and is only affected for a depth of 20 feet ; consequently, if the deflecting vertical side is carried down 10 feet, it will very power- fully affect the water for another five feet below Mr. E C. Greenway Thomas suggests each side of buoy should be 20 feet long, and should present a concave curve tn the sea. To render the whole buoyant, an air-chamber of the same shape in the interior. The breakwater has this immense advantage, that it will not cause the accumulation of silt, and thus ruin the place, as has been the case with many expensive con- structions. The cost is estimated at from £10,000 to £20,000 per mile. A breakwater of this description moored off the Richmond bar would probably prevent the bar from shoaling, and the scour from the freshets would have a tendency to keep a good depth of water, the waves being materially checked before reaching the bar. Vessels in easterly weather would be in comparatively smooth water when inside the buoys, and could anchor until the tide suited to enter. As many valuable lives, vessels, and property have come to grief for the want of .some protection on this and many other bar entrances, I trust some steps will be taken to prevent a repetition of them. Yours, &c.;, W. J, Smith, 17, Windsor-street, Paddington, CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.- The following were taken up at the Lismore Land Office, on the 31st ultimo,-- Isabella Campbell (spinster) 60 acres, county Rous, parish South Lismore Thomas Waddington, 170a., Rous, Jiggi ; Wm James Prentice, 40a., Rous, Ballina ; Henry Goodwin, 100a., Rous, Bungabee ; William Charles Mitchell, 100a., Rous, Jasper. Total 470 acres. TWEED RIVER.- A correspondent informs us that a well attended and spirited meeting to protest against the proposed inpositlon of a Sugar Duty, was held at the Junction Hall, on Saturday evening last, and a full report thereof will appear in our next issue. ANNIVERSARY DAY.- Saturday last was gene- rally observed as a holiday in this town, the Cowlong Races, Broadwater Regatta, and other out-door amusements being well attended, and although the sun was very warm,a light south- west wind made the atmosphere somewhat more pleasant than it has been of late. SHELTER SHEDS.- It appears passing strange that in a sub-tropical climate like this, no pro- tection is made from the sun or weather, of those persons who have to do business on our public wharves. We had the occasion, the other morning, to stand on the Lismore Public Wharf, for a short time, prior to the departure of a steamer, and have felt the effects in a slight attack of sunstroke over since, while other per- sons present felt the same ill effects ; and it would almost appear to require a cast-iron man or woman to stand about that locality in such weather as the present. In Queensland, almost every wharf is fitted with coverings or shelter sheds, which excludes both the sun and rain ; but here, where human life or property does not appear to be of much value, anything does, and the consequence is that people have to grin and bear it, or die, and leave it alone,- just for the want of the asking for the expenditure of a few pounds by the Government or other persons in- terested. ACCIDENTS.- We regret to state that a rather serious buggy accident occurred on Saturday last. It appears that Mr. Anschau in company with Messrs. Matheson and Laman, were driving to the Cowlong races (Mr. Anschau handling the ribbons), but on descending a steep cutting, the brake broke, and the horses taking fright, capsized the buggy, throwing its occupants out. Messrs. Matheson and Laman fortunately es- caped with a shaking ; but Mr. Anschau unfortunately fell under the wheels, two of which passed over him, breaking two of his ribs on the left side, and cutting his arm, &c.; ; but on reaching town and being placed under the medical care of Dr. Bernstein, he is doing well, and although much shaken, is able to attend to his official duties. We are also sorry to hear that as Mr. John Currie was returning from Wyrallah, last week, his horse fell, giving Mr. Currie a severe shaking, and injuring his leg, but we are glad to see that he is now able to get about. LAND SALE.- We have been requested to intimate that the sale of Crown Lands at Ballina advertised to be held at Lismore, on the 6th February instant, has been postponed, pend- ing further legislation. THE S.S. LISMORE.- Portions of the cargo of the above steamer have arrived in town this week, and have been delivered in good order, showing that up to the time of there being landed, the steamer had sustained but slight damage to her hull. Concerning the wreck of the above vessel, a passenger writes :- Captain Alley attempted to take the Bar, as the Pilot told him to do so. Many people may think that Captain Alley tried to turn the ship's head to sea, but such a thing was wholly impossible, as, had he done so, not one life would have been saved of those on board. I must state that Captain Alley saw the difficulty before him, and tried to save the lives of the passengers first, and his owner's property afterwards. Not being a practical man, I cannot say if the Pilot was right in advising Captain Alley to enter ; but I must say that when in danger, Captain Alley and his officers and crew, exerted themselves to the utmost ; and I must tender my heartfelt thanks to Captain Alley for his kindness, both to myself and fellow- passengers." It will be seen from our Ballina telegram that the above vessel has been shifted further to seaward, this week, and that there are good hopes of floating her very shortly. THE PHILOSOPHER.- We have received a pamphlet from Professor G. W. Gibson, of Sydney, headed as above, which advocates the use of Herbal Remedies for the cure of many deseases, and gives details of some astonishing cures affected through its agency. The pamphlet can be seen at this office by any person desirous of studying the contents. A CHANCE.- In an article upon the rapid pro- gress made by the "Town and County Journal" since its establishment, the Editor says:- "Rea- lising the high appreciation by the public of our efforts this Christmastide, we have decided to "go onward," to meet the rapidly-increasing taste for art combined with literature and news, so markedly, shown in the universal demand for the 1883 issue ; and to this end we will give a premium of 100 guineas for the best water- color or oil painting painted by a colonial artist, depicting characteristic scenery, or social life, in Australia. This picture will be reproduced for presentation to our subscribers next Christmas. The terms and conditions under which competi- tion will be invited lor the above work will shortly be made public." [We have already placed two Richmond River views, executed by Mr. W. E. Reed, before the Sydney and Local public, and suggest that the magnificent view ob- tainable from the Night-cap, on the Tweed River, as a subject that would give ample scope for the exercise of an artist's abilities, and find great favor with the Colonial public generally. -ED. STAR.] RICHMOND RIVER WOODS.-The "Sydney Graphic " says :- "We have been shown by Messrs. Campbell Brothers, of the Royal Fur- nishing Arcade, George-street, a collection of colonial woods suitable for the purposes of the upholsterer and furnisher's trade. Amongst these were several varieties of the Cypress pine, lightwoods, and rosewood, each of which take a beautiful polish, and is, in the opinion of Mr. Campbell, suitable in every way for use in the manufacture of furniture. The Cypress pine is suitable, by reason of the fineness of its texture and its peculiar mottled color, eminently suitable for such work as inlaying and omamenting fancy work. A prize of £20 was offered by Messrs. Campbell Bros. for the best essay on colonial woods, and awarded to Mr. Aug. Rudder, of Balmain. The majority of the specimens shown are from the Richmond River. [As we have before stated, we should much like to see this essay on Colonial woods, and are glad to find that our local woods are finding honorable men- tion in the Metropolis, and think it is a great pity to see them too often burnt off in the way they are at present, when clearing the land. ED. STAR.] THE DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE.- It will be seen that the Importers of the above truly valuable machine (Messrs. J. W. Johnston and Co., of 746 George-street, Sydney), have the courage to advertise the merits of their machine, and the names of their local agents. This is much better than the proprietors of some sewing machines, who hide their light under a bushel, and expecting their Agents to sell machines without advertising. THE LOAN.- The "S. M. Herald " says :- " The victory won by New South Wales a few weeks ago turns out to have been really a stroke on behalf of its neighbors as well us on behalf of itself, for it clearly disclosed the large amount of capital awaiting investment, and has therefore strengthened the hands of those who come after it. New Zealand has already reaped the benefit, and Victoria with its coming loan of four millions will no doubt share the same advantage. The croakers who have thought three millions too much to lend to Australia, will witness the process of eight millions being offered within, a few weeks The firm stand taken by New South Wales, and which has already borne good fruit, provoked, prior to its success, hostile com- ment in Victoria as well as in New South Wales. These comments, which did no harm, may be forgotten. If they originated in ignorance, they offer some excuse for distant critics who have less opportunity of knowing the truth. If they merely represented jealously, they may be smelted down with cries for federation coming from the same quarter. 