COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Thursday. The Earl of Rosebery paid a visit of inspection to the Government printing- office today, and was tdiown over the establishment by Mr. Thomas Richards, the Government printer. This atteinoon be was the guc6t of Sir John 31 n-ertson, who had invited to jneet his Lordship a number of distinguished gentlemen representing \\*arious interests and all shades of political opinions. It ia reported that soon after the beginning of the year there will be a new time-table for the express train betweeu Sydney and Melbourne, and that the time occupied by the j'Uruey will le shortened by nearly two hours. The results of the senior public examinations of the university have just been published, and show a tailing off in tlie number of successful candidates c -mpared with last year. Twenty ailwr medals have been awarded, of which II. A. Russell, from the Sydney Grammar school bus carried off eight. In the case of the woman Elizabeth R'gg, whose body was found d ialing in the harbour, the coT^ner's jury have returned an open verdict. The deceased was the wife of Wm. Rigg, a resident of Petersham. The affair is surrounded with mystery. The city coroner lo-day concluded the inquest on the body of Robert Hojjg, who expired in the hospital from injuries received through falling off a tramcar on the Botany line. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, adding a rider that the authorities should take immediate steps to enfoice the bye-law relating to the overcrowding of tramcars. SYDNEY, Friday. A Cabinet meeting was held this afternoon, at which a considerable amount of business was transacted. Mr. Buchanan has introduced a bill into the Assembly to provide that contempt of court in c Ttain eases shall Ixs punished only as an indictable offence. An official letter has been received by the Colonial Secretary from the Executive Commissioner for New South Wales at the Calcutta Exhibition, slating that the New South Wales Court presents a handsome appearance, lie points out that the Exhibition has grown t*eyoud the dimensions anticipated, ana states that r» gret is felt that the New South Wales Government did not .adopt an independent management, A good deal of dissatisfac'ion is expiessed by residents along the tuburhan lines or railway at the action of the Railway Department in' increasing the rates for reason tickets. Meeting* have been held at Rook wood and Bur wood protesting agaiust the action of the department. An ordination service was hell at St. Andrew's Cntherdral this morning, wbeu the BUhop of B*thtirst ordained three deacons as pri*pt* of the Chuich of England. A collision occurred at llie Heads last night between the Boomerarg, outward bonnd for Newcastle, and the steam-tug Commodore, which was towing in the chip City Nankin. The Boomerang suffered some slight damage, but proceeded on her pawnee. The night was clear at the time of the collision. The Marine Board will hold an inquiry on Monday. At the adjourn* d inquest on the bodv of Wm. Hayes which was found in a paddock at Marrickville, about a fortnight ago with the skull fractured, no evidence was brought forward to show how the deceased came by bia death. The jury returned an open verdict, but added a rider recommending the Government to offer a leward for information tending to show clearly the came of Hiyes's death, as the matter is surrounded by mystery and grave suspicion. Two men, named William Smith and Thomas Came, were arrested yesterday on a serious charge of assault and robtery, and were to-day committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. Very gloomy reports have been received from Bourke respecting the fearful dry Btate of the country. Some of the roads in the district are utterly destitute of feed, and already several springs aie failing in their supply. The prospect is of the worst description, and unless rain cornea, there will be very serious los«es in stock. In several places the cattle are now reported to be dying. The Maiine Board commenced an inquiry to-day into the edition which took place iu the harbor on tbe 16 h in*t,, between the steamer Glenelg and a sailing boat named the Dreamland, by which the latter was cut down to the water's edge, the occupants being left struggling in the water. Those who were in the sailing boat slated that tbe Glenelg ran their boat down, whilst the evidence ou behalf of the Glenelg was to the effect that tbe Dreamland ran into her. The board adjourned the inquiry until Wednesday. The hiring ofihe immigrants by the ships Pericles and North took place at the imrnigrrtion depoS to-day. All who offered their services obtained remunerative employment. SYDNEY, Sunday. Immediately Parliament re-assembles after the Christmas recess, the Government will proceed with the oneideration of the Land Bill in committee. It is not, however, exacted that this will interfere with tbe de- E verancc of the financial statement, with tbe preparation if which Mr. Pibb3, ihe Treasurer, is very busy. The object in uetting on as last a* possible with tbe Lund Bill is that it nny be sent to the Council without delay, so that the Upper House may be considering it while the Government is proceeding in the Assembly with the Civil Service Bill. This bill is, therefore, not likely to be poshed beyond its present stage until the Lmd Bill has been received in the Council. Some important correspondence has taken place between tbe inspector of public charities, tbe Colonial Secretary, the clu^f inspector and the imardiog-out officer of tbe State Children's Relief department, and the secretary of the Rand wick Asvlnm, with respect to the present position of that asylum, j»nd the danger which seems to the Colonial Secretary to exi*t of its drifting away from the position it formerly occupied, and becoming a "mere appanage to the Government institutions." The Government propose to limit the orders fir admission to the asylum, to compel the greater number of the cafes to pass an ordeal of l-oards of investigation, and at tbe same time to do away with the full payments hitherto made, and limit the Government aid in future to an amount equal to that voluntarily raised by subscription or parental contribution. The successful tenderers for the extension of the tramway line along the Parramattaroad aud Norton-stteet to Lcicbardtare Messrs. Foster, Brig's and Co., the amount of the tender being £8277. An explanation has been given by the Railway Dep-fitment as to their reasons for increasing the price of ec.ison tickets on the suburban line. It has been felt for some time past that the present concession to the holders of tickets for long periods is unjustifiable, and a benefit simply to men of means. Tbe difference between the new and the old rates is considered to be very slight, and not sufficient to warrant the agitation that has been got up against the change. The authorities ol the Tost Office have not yet I een able to discover the thief who recently stole the money from a safe in the office for the registration of letters. The officer or clerk in the registry office who lost the missing key ol the safe and failed to report the loss to his superior officer has been suspended pending an inquiry. The money stolen amounted in all to about £90, £86 "being in cash and the remainder tbe contents of registered letters. The Rev. W. T. Robjohna has arrived in Sidney ns agent in Australia for the British and Foreign Bible Society. MOAMA, Sunday. The Earl of Rosebery arrived here this afterion, jinl was driven to Pcrricoola station. He leaves Tor Sandhurst to-morrow morning, accompanied by Sir Patrick Jennings. SYDNEY, Monday. The Marine Biard continued its inquiry today into the circumstances attending tbe recent collision off George's Head, between the steamer Glenelg and the sailing boat Dreamland, when the latt°r was cut to the water's edg**. Nothing further wa9 adduced to show which vessel wa* in fault, and the board adjourned until Friday. The wheaL crop in the Gulgong district averages 20 bushels per acre. An alteration in the practice adopted in the payment of dutien on diatilled spirits and imported sugar refined in t~ond ban been made* by the Colonial Treasurer. Hitherto the iliuies have been paid into tbe Treasury. Thev will in luLurc be paid into the Customs office. Tbe customs authorities m<tde a seizure of mzgled goods from tbe mail steamer Parramatta last night, consisting of 2,000 cigars and a quantity of tobacco. Two of the crew were arrested on a charge of smuggling. Another seaman who was implicated esciped. A serious bush fire occurred yesterday in tbe neighborhood of Can ley-vale and Cabramatta, causing considerable damage to property. A des'ructive bush fire occurred yesterday on the YeomUurrah run, near Tass. Fanned by a strong wind, the fire spread in all directions, destroying a large quantity of fencing and an entire crop of wheat just reaped. Another disastrous fire occurred near Cootamundra, on Safurdav. The railway fettlers were burning grass along the railway line near Jindalee crossing when a whirlwind caused the sparks to fly into the wheat field, and in 10 minutes the whole paddock, consisting of 40 acres, was burned. The fire spread rapidly, and continued all yesterday afternoon. A large quantity of fencing was burned, the total damage being estimated at nearly £1,000. Au extensive bush fire has been raging in the vicinity of Cowra since early on Saturday. The heat to-day was excessive. SYDNEY, Tuesday. The Government have ordered from England three large breech-loading guns and NorJonfcldt guns. One of the large guns will be mounted at Bear Island, Batany Bay, and the other two at the Heads. The Nordenfeldt guns are to be placed at the Heads to prevent any enemy from landing and to stop torpedo operations. The lion. Win. Macleay, M.L.C., has founded two scholarships in science at the University of the value of £60 per annum each. Dr. OTarrell, of Windsor, has beeu committed for trial, on the coroner's warrant, ou a charge of manslaughter in causing the death of a woman named Fitzgerald, whom he attended in childbirth. The evidence at the inquest was very confl : cting. S.>me of the witnesses affirmed that O'Farrell was drunk at the time he was attending tbe deceased. A fire broke out this morning on the premises of Johnston, fruiterer, Gi-orge-street. It quickly extended to the adjoiuing property, known as Sims's mangle factory, both buildings being destroyed. Johnston was insured the Australian Mutual for £200, and Sims the same company for £200, and in the Commercial Uuion for £100. A fire also occurred last night on tbe premises of Mesais. John Meliday aud Co., produce merchants, Sussex-street. It was extinguished before much damage was done. The firm was insured for £2000 in tbe Commercial. Two burglars, named George Williams and John Saundera, were detected in the act of committing a daring burglary at Wollabra today. The police found upon the prisoners 11 skeleton keys, a quantity ol jewellery, and £6 iu cash. They had ransacked a dwellinghouse throughout, and were cleverly arrested by the police when on the point of leaving the place. The export of coal from Newcastle for thepast fortnight was 47,172 tons. Extensive bush-fires are raging at Yerong Creek, 12 miles from Wagga. 