THn future prosperity of this country depends largely on the measures which are taken for the preservation of its natural timber, and for the planting of Australian and other trees. It is there fore satisfactory to know from the re cently issued report of the inspector of State forests that some progress is be ing made with the plantations at Mace don. The important service trees per form in preventing water which has fallen from flowing away too rapidly over the surface of the ground, in protecting, in checking evaporation, in' c breaking the force of destructive winds, and in preventing the soil on the sides of declivities from washing into the valleys below, is well known. The forests of this country have been ruthlessly sacrificed, and if timber is not to reach famine prices, and if the beneficent effect of trees is not to be lost to us altogether, replanting on a large scale must be. set about. What is being done at Macedon is satisfactory so far, but the scale of operations is far too limited to cope with the disaster with which we are threa tened. Nevertheless, it is not well to despise the day of small things. We learn from Mr Ferguson’s report that since 1882 an area of about 75 acres on Mount Macedon, at an altitude of 3250 feet above sea level, was fenced in with picket fence, cleared of all scrub and fallen debris, under 12 inches diameter; and since June, 1883, 40 acres of the above enclosure have been planted with forest trees of various kinds, including abies, picea, pinus, in great variety and rareness; large numbers of British and American oak, ash, and sycamore, about 6700 in all. In the reserves enclosed eight years since, and at the same alti tude, 3,250 feet, which were the earliest plantations made on Mount Macedon, the trees have grown well, and their annual growth is most astonishing, espe cially the Californian pines, thousands of which are now fully 20 feet high, and form quite a sky line as seen from a lower elevation. In the nurseries the work of planting, transplanting, sowing of seeds, and rearing of young trees has been carried on vigorously, and at the present time the stock of young trees available for next season is upwards of 75,000, exclusive of some hundreds of rare species not hitherto available for planting out in the forests. Baron von Mueller has pointed out on different oc casions that there are many foreign trees which would grow well in this country, afford a grateful shade, and serve many useful purposes. There is no reason why in course of years the whole aspect,of Q the country should not be changed by this means. At Macedon the oaks and sycamores and other Euro pean hard woods have grown as well as the colonial trees. In the Wiramera nursery, situated in one of the dryest districts in the colony, several species of European forest trees have succeeded well, notably platanus orientalis and oc cidentalis, sycamore platanus, psuedo plantanus, English and Canadian elm, English ash, and Fraxinus ornus or manna ash, trees that furnish a grateful shade in a dry country. In glans Regia, the walnut, and the locust bean tree (ceratonia siliqua), a tree well suited for a hot and dry climate, furnishing food for cattle and shade to the traveller. The pinus that have grown best in the Wimmera nursery are Pinus halepensis, Finns s'abiniana, and Pinus insignia; those have grown -re markably well, and will soon become of : value for their, shelter and shade. This seems to settle satisfactorily the ques tion of climate as applied to foreign trees. We recently made allusion to .the value of wattle bark, and to the disadvantage tanners are placed at owing to its comparative scarcity. The railway reserves present great op portunities for the cultivation of wattle and other trees, but they are only utilised to a small extent for such pur poses. During the present season— 1883—about six miles of the railway reserve on both sides of the line from Jung Jung to' Dooen station have' b'een sown with golden wattle (A. pycuanthn), and are looking robust-.-and -healthy. Many more miles of this line (Mr Fer guson remarks) might be profitably em ployed for .wattle-growing,-: and main tained at a trifling expense, There has also been about 10 miles on each' side of the Geelong and Queenscliff line sown with Landarelook ingi well. -"Alach remains yet to be ’done. There 1 are “"many miles of railway 'reserves unoccupied, and lying waste, which might'-be’utilised for bark growmg, : which r iu:7a few years -would return unhandsome revenue to the* S.tate. On'the Qeeldng and- Golac line .ofrailway, upwards of , 20 jhilea df the Preserve‘on -each side r 'of --the- line- were sdwn with wattle seeds 'some'five or six •years since,.and have made rapid growth. 0 -The department of Agriculture have re cently expended a considerable amount, in thinning out tHe plantatioris oh this i line,' ■ - which;, will;; greatly , improve, the, I trees,-'and-. lessen- the risk; of-fire when •are passifagr* : Apportion of thFra servesfromQeelongtotheWerribeeianow being operatedjoa in a similar manner. In the Majorca State Forest Reserve the wattle plantations, especially promise well/and'in a few years a'large quantity of • barf may be* looked for in 'that ..quarter.*-,;The- rapidity with _which the eucalyptus grows is shown by the'fact that the 'plantations of ■ -acres), sown, broadcast about-four years since in the State Forest,-- Reserve; have' now . attained - theheight' of about 20 feet an'd 25'feet,.and 6 in. ' in diamater, and promise soon to become of consider able-' value . for., mining ..and ..other . purposes. -What is wanted -is an organised plan on a larger scale to supply different-districts' of .‘the. colony; with; trees 1 in place,of those of which they have been denuded. No money could be voted for a surer reproductive pur pose, and Parliament ought to be liberal in a matter which.is pf so muchaatipnal: 'importance. The parts of the country which were originally wooded can always be re-covered with forest, unless they have passed into privatefands. Those parts which were always destitute’.of trees must remain so unless the rainfall or water supply is changed. ;. Individual effort, however, may be relied on to do something. When it is seen that forest cultivation is 'a profitable investment, the.raising-bf tree's will be an outlet for fresh enterprise. The danger from forest fires, however, makes investments of that kind unusually risky. There must be stringent regulations for the punish-, ment of those who start bushfires. Few Ures of this kind arise which are not the result of carelessness or mischief, and the enormity of the offence once known it would not be difficult in a great.' majority of cases to fix the responsibility- It must be remembered also that brow sing animals as well as fires, render the reproduction of forests impossible. Laws will be required to regulate .the ranging, of cattle and other browsing animals in the forest. A man, has a right to be protected from his neighbour’s animals ranging through his woods as well as through his crops; and a protective law of this kind would materially affect the cost of fencing. But all legislation will be unavailiug unless popular belief in the value of the forest is established. We have no schools of forestry here, as there are in Europe, but our scientific men might devote some little attention to popularising knowledge of this im portant subject. The great disaster in the Soudan has sent a thrill through Christendom. Con siderable human slaughter has takan place within a few miles of Trinldtat, and the loss of life has occasioned much concern and thought about the future of European affairs. Colonel Valentine Baker (Baker Pasha), who bears a heroic name as a military leader, was unable to lead his Egyptians on to victory against the opposing Arab forces; he lost during the engagement about 2000 men; his artillery and baggage fell into the bands of the enemy, and his plans of operation were unexpec tedly upset. The cablegrams which were yesterday published in all the leading Victorian newspapers relative to the disaster in the Soudan were eagerly perused, and many thoughtful readers asked what this business between the contending forces in the Soudan, and the differences over which the French and the Chinese are threatening hostili ties, will lead to. At present the out look in Europe is not very reassuring for the maintenance of continued peace, and it only needs the application of a tiny igneous particle to the inflammable fabric which covers Continental nations to set the whole iuto a huge blaze. Lord Wnlseley pointed out, no doubt in well studied language, the probable rupture, at no distant date, on a gigantic scale, of the peace of Europe. Than Lord Wolseley, a soldier bedecked and covered with distinctions of valour, and who has shown good judgment on several battle fields, few are better able to forecast coming events. Should his apprehensions be realised Europe will shortly be involved in a war which will convulse and terrify the world. Since the period of the bombard ment of Alexandria, matters in Europe have not presented a peaceful aspect, and the fear of a great European conflict has been greatly increased by the move ments on the part of several nations in adding to their already strong and efficient armaments and land forces. Diplomatists and eminent European statesmen generally are keenly viewing the movements of the Powers outside their own national boundaries, and their practised eyes, accurate perception, and long experience foretell dark and troublesome times ahead. One thing seems to be certain, and that is that the next European war will be something more than the two years’ campaign which was fought in the Crimea. The Crimean war was, goodness knows, ter rible in its effects, especially to Great Britain, which, in a comparative sense, gained little, save making friends with France, iu return for the death of thou sands of 'brave officers and soldiers and fur the immense amount of money spent by a country containing at the time starving thousands, to assist in subduing the “ Russian Bear." But the balance of power had, and will have to be, pre served, and the national jealousies which arise through over-prosperity- are bound in time to lead - to' a quarrel' ending in bloodshed. Lord Wolseley said, a few weeks back, in the coarse of a speech delivered in London, that every nation in Europe was arming, and that the most sensible people believed this fact to indicate that there was coming over the world some terrible war, and that Eng land should be prepared for that time of trouble. This remark is pregnant with meaning. It is like a parable in Scrip ture overflowing with substance which, if amplified, would astonish and instruct peppleof situations. LordWolseleyknows, to a considerable extent, what is going on in all quarters of Europe at the present time; he sees rolling up from afar off the immense -tidal wave of military struggle which threatens for a time to engulplt the whole of Europe in carnage -and great suffering, a terrific war sin which Christians will be mar shalled against Christians, and one in which the Christian will clutch throats, or mow down with the cannon and musket, the Mahbmmedan and the Pagan, arid tuce tiersal - This will be all glorious war,'buE the,glory will : only be. shared principally by-' those B who" will' be' butf .;wha.-:will.haye : caused the dogs of war to -bo let loose at one, another. --But-war,.though direful -ip, its consequences/ is up till the present' time a necessary',evil,, but. in., its -train,.tbtre. 'follow many blessings.' ’"War is a icur&'iwHUe’; it'-:;lasts/' but;-'subse quently, like the ploughed and manured i, epil; >iii time it bears dumbest-- of- fruit. I Tboae who '- ara ! aware vof ,- this ..faot//’.During - the : ' past 100 ; yeara 'S mhhyiw'aE' tyrahtl jlhaa: had his . power;- wrested from chinr by; the edge of-the sword. ;; The sword; too, has in days gone by, hhmbled over-"" ambitions monarcbs,' and brought them; ;to a sense of -the fact that they were ouly human. - Over-ambition ■is a* weakness with- some ■ - Powers, ;; the • same as it was with Alexander of old, who, as . the so-called conqueror of_-the eWorld, wept because-; there were not.; other ; worlds to conquer.;: But;; the . remarks of fiord Wolseley, should not be allowed to go" unnoticed ! .England-should-be prepared-for that time of trouble, the terrible war which-most people believed was to come; over the world. ■ England is”- no ■ doubt prepared,: but the question may be asked is she as fuUy prepared as'.are the neigh-: bonring Great Powers 1 We. are sorry to hear of dissensions; existing--irf the/ British service of late owing to JEtoyalty being promoted over . the- heads of veterans who have - won-: their spurs again and again. It is a suhjectfor.re gret that “superior influences,” as ■a leading English; journal puts it, are at" work to cause dissatisfaction-among the higher grades of the Imperial ser vice. In other respects the British Army is "doing well. For in stance, in days gone by, .desertions were extremely frequent occurrences, but of late years they have .decreased. During the last" 10 years the desertions have decreased from 5861 to 4145 ; and in 1882 there were no less than 2481 fewer court-martials than in 1881.’ In support of this refreshing news,', there are other glad tidings from "the British Army to the effect that the number of men wearing good conduct badges at the end of 1882 was 49,203, being an increase of 4481 dur ing the previous 12 months. It, however, is anything'but consolihg to be told by an English newspaper that the average strength of the army 'has : slowly but surely fallen off, and that out of 45,385 men who presented themselves for enlist ment in 1882 it was only possible to accept the services of 23,555. Should a war, in 7 which England will have to engage, break out no doubt a sufficient number of soldiers will not be wanting to fight for the glory of the empire, but, as Lord Wolseley says, England should be prepared for that time of trouble. Should a general European outburst of hostilities take place, no doubt the inhabitants of the British-Isles will for the time forget their party grievances; the blood of England, of Scotland, and of Ireland, will once more flow in the same stream, and on the same field, and the three nationalities will again be par takers in every peril. Let us hope, at the same time, that fate will avert the general European military struggle looked forward to, that the war cloud on the horizon of Europe will pass away. But, should the bugle call to arms, Great Britain, we feel assured, will play her part with honour and valour, and in a way that will further establish her right to a leading position in the rank of nations. 