'I'elegara s\\\ BUNGENDORE, Mon.ay, ANOTHER very old resident, Mr. McCluing died this morning. He had been ailing for\ some time past, but his death was rather un expected. A young man named Edwards, about twenty years of age, also died rather sud denly this morning. The weather is-very hot; it was 92 in the shade yesterday. Heavy bush-fires raging in several places close to the town. Mr. Powell had about seven hundred acres of good grass burnt yesterday, and a flock of sheep had a very narrow escape from being consumed. . Rain is wanted' very much; the water in the creek is very- low, and almost unfit for use. Senior-constable Wilson has arrested a man named McTerman on suspicion of burning down the public school at Hosking town don Saturday night last. SYDNEY, TnIURSAY, Immniediately Parliament re-assembles after the Christmas recess the Government will proceed with the consideration of the Land Rill in committee, and that this nmeaserewill be kept before the House as constantly as possible until the committee have dealt with the whole of the clauses. This will sot, however, inte,fere with the deliverance of the Financial Statement, with the preparation of which Mr. ,Dibbs is. 'vey busy. -Tile weather at Mielbourne on Saturday was most disagreeable, to which is attributed the small score of the Sydney mbn. The playing gronod was enveloped in dust throughout the day. Considerable anxiety is being felt in regard to theo ivator supply. The latest reports state that with' only a very ordinary demand on the present storage it cannot last later than March. The authorities have as yet failed to diecover any clue to the guilty person connected with the recent robbery at the post-office. One of the eofieials.in the registry department has been ens. penoed for losing the key of the safe and failing to report the same. Coriolanus still holds the position of first favorite for Tatteisall's Cup at 3 to 1, Sardonyx next at 5 to 1, Slot~iand Prima Donna 8 to 1. A' Foot'eray (Victoria), a large tannery valued at £25100 has been totally destroyed by fire. At Elmore 120 acres of crops, besides other property, and at Strathlodden the local post.office and the neighbouring stores have been destroyed, £3000 worth of damage was done by a fire which broke out on ulnndaylmorning on the premises of Messrs. W. Inglis and Co., importers of printing material, off Flinders lane, Melbourne. 