OXLEY. (from our own correspondent.) Mondav. The weather has been excessively close duriiag the last few days of the week that has passed, and the year that ends to-day. Storm3 of dust have alternated with hot winds ; and now bush-fires of an extensive character upon the ranges near Meadow and Hurdle Creaks add to the heat of the atmosphere. These fires, at night, look grand from the plains. Their destruction of the grass and the fallen timber and insect life will benefit the growth of next season. It is to be hoped that the farm ers on the plains may be able to keep the fires back from their cultivated lands ; for if the flames should once get amongst the standing and stoeked crops, great damage would ensue, and great distress would fol low. It is to be hoped that the Rnler aud Disposer of events may so order His elemen ts that the property of His strugglingservants human creatures may escape destruc tion. On the evening of the last Sunday of the I year I had the pleasure of listening to one of the best sermons I have heard for years, 4 t St. Paul's Church, the Rev. Mr Ma ha t0k k3 text the 12th chapter >f S k J"ba's Gospel, and portions of the 20th au< st verse — " There were certain Greeki \amuno them, that came to worship at the 1 'east- same came therefore to Phillip, anc desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus." The preacher stated he >vas medit ?n t,le glorious character of Jesus at ' recorded in the New Testa- ment, he had a. vision. Ahe lestauient lie Held expands and filled the earth. He was curried uwt y to his dream, and beheld t temple dedict 'd to God, in which he \--aw noble wor. and noble figures. Amongst them thi ae was one, not crowned with outward glo. out from whom Go-1 like majesty o» f- lve and gentleness suone forth eonspicuc 'lm_luac tne noble eoinpauy assembled. . Turning to ask who his lov able being was, when he looked gain, He left Li is plac -. Tt was impressed upon hiui that this being ' whom he had seen must be Jesus, aud tha ' must seek Him. In glowing language 'le described his search through the varim. 's chambers md halls of this temple, aud t 'le various groups of beings bent on sitnil. tr search to his owu.riiafc he met. Some sav'd, to his questionings, that they had found Christ, a. id then eiich group gave his philosophi cal, his ecclesiastical, his theological, description of Christ. None of those tallied with his intuitive conception of th.e Ciirist he sought. At length, descending '.he vast tlights of steps leading from the temple of his dream, he met a lonely traveller, like himself, and to his oft- repeated question, " Have ye found Ciirist V he was informed that Christ dwelt in us ; and that His being present was known by love, charity, truthfulness, honor and the graces that adorn and elevate man, making him humble ,and meek, and long- suffering, his whole life, with a desire to follow in the footsteps of Him who in His earthly career was pleased to become n moil rtf CAi»nrt«wa nnri nonnniiG ., -1 utuu VSA UUHU"CJ uut|unuiuuu with grief." It would be impossible for me to give even a moiety of the illustra tions thrown into the vision of the veiws of " Straus," aud of the different conceptions of Christ, whom iu his dream he had sought, groups from whom, in hi3 eager ness, he had sought information. Suffice it to say that the preacher touched the hearts of his numerous congiezation ; and when he concluded his really well delivered and effecting sermon, by a hope, that, mi this the last Sunday iu the year his hearers would benefit by bis de tailed vision, and that they, li '<0 the Greeks would seek for Ji-siti, and find him by acting in their lives with, h-mor. truth fulness, love and charity, tii-i-i- was not one of the congr-gratiou loir, felt t:.e necessity fur personal cleanliness of heirt and a desire to seek for Christ. Mr Mahaffy is a young man, but is zealous and studious, and nuiy, like his namesake in Dublin, become a shining light as a missionary of the true " Light of the world." Mr Mahaffy announced that ou the socsnd Sunday in the New Year he would commence a series of lectures on "The Young Men of the Bible," and would continue them for five Sundays. I would advise all young men and maidens, as well as old men and matrons, to attend and ponder on the lessons to be derived from these lectures. 