THE SKETCHER. AUSTRALIAN REMINISCENCES. BLACK THURSDAY—A RIDE FOR LIFE. By CORIO. It was in 1850 that a friend and I took up a new station between Mount M'Ivor and the Goulburn River, on a branch of the Degay Ponds, not far from "The Major's Line," as Major Mitchell's old track through Australia Felix used to be known. The track had been used much by the early over- landers who came to take up new runs in the splendid country described by Major Mitchell, and had become well beaten and distinct. The country in the locality where we had squatted was rather poor, hilly, rough, and thickly timbered, with dense masses of heath and small saplings for underwood; but be tween the hills lay some alluvial flats that yielded a fair crop of native grass and herbage. All the good country had then been taken up, but what a change between the stations of those days and now. Purchased land in the squatting districts was a rarity; fenced in runs were not thought of, railroads were un known conveniences to the colonists of 1850, and so were electric telegraphs, telephones, steam ploughs, and other advanced imple ments of husbandry. The year 1850 was the last of what may be termed the sluggish years of Victoria's babyhood. In 1851 she got out of her long into her short clothes, through the discovery of gold, and that year maybe termed the dawn of Victoria's womanhood. There is an old saying, that the darkest hour is just before the dawn, and beyond all doubt Black Thursday - 6th February, 1851—was the darkest hour Victoria had ever experienced before that glorious gold discovery in the August that followed that memorable day of fire. Located as we were in 1850, on a new run about 60 miles distant from the nearest post town, we had to send once a week or once a fortnight for our letters and papers to what was known then as Jennings station, on the Campaspe, the Swan-hill postman leaving them there for us as a favour. That station was distant from ours by road track about 27 miles, but through the bush about 23 miles, and the whole country then was thickly grassed and had much scrub, there having been no fire through it for four or five years. The dray track—which crossed the Major's line a few miles from our new run, and which was well beaten by teams going to and returning from the Murray and Lower Goulburn rivers, but was a long way out of a straight line, and in some places very stony - was for the greater part of the way, a fair road in dry weather, and at about 12 miles from our hut it crossed a creek close to a tolerably large, shallow, water- hole, from which it took a long curve along the side of a range to escape rougher country in the hollow that divided that range from another pretty close to it. I had kept the bush track for two weeks, and did not see the water-hole alluded to. Our hut was built wig-wam fashion in a hurry, as there was no good splitting timber in the neigh bourhood, and we had been anxious to get bark enough to cover us in before the sap had run down the trees and prevented it stripping. The hut, therefore, resembled the bark roof of an ordinary station hut taken off, with the eaves placed on the ground, all around which a trench was dug to keep the floor within dry. As the cattle had to be tailed all day, they never came near the hut, and the grass grew rather luxuriantly right up to the edge of the trench; and as the summer heat began to dry the grass up, it became necessary, as soon as it would burn, to fire it and burn down all round for some 100 yards or more, so as to prevent it setting fire to the bark of the hut should a bush fire pass along. On the 22nd January I rode over as usual for our letters by the bush track, but on returning I came part of the way by the road, intending to fire a useless scrubby piece of country near the Major's line, as it threatened rain at the time, and I expected the fire to be extin guished early in the evening. This was on the south side of the Major's line, and on the opposite side to that on which our hut stood. The fire I thus ignited burnt along about five miles of the line, and up to within about a mile of our hut. and died out, though no rain fell; and to the burning of that patch of country I think I may very much attribute the fact that I am now able to describe what took place a fortnight later. On the 5th February the evening meteorolo gical indications were for great heat and great wind the next day, so I got my mare up, and tethered her near the hut for an early start, and went to bed early. The night was a wild one : a heavy northerly wind set in about 10 o'clock, and seemed to increase in strength: the whole face of the sky was dotted with masses of thunder clouds of various sizes, from several of which flashes of lightning were frequently emitted, followed by light peals of thunder, which gave these straggling clouds the character of a host of skirmishers sent forward by some vast impending storm, but little or no rain fell—just a few heavy drops once or twice as some of the denser of those clouds passed over where we were. I was in the saddle before daylight, and got over to the Campaspe by about 8 o'clock, put my mare in the stable, and as usual went to breakfast with the superintendent of the station, after which I took a chair in the verandah to enjoy my pipe. While so en gaged I dozed off to sleep, having had little the previous night; until about 10 o'clock, or later, the superintendent hurriedly awoke me with the intimation that the bush was on fire to the north of the track, and that if I did not make haste I would not be able to get home that day without riding through many miles of burning timber. I was bound to make a desperate effort to get home to save my wife's anxiety, and at once determined to start. By this time the wind had increased to a violent gale, and the gusts seemed to come from the mouth of an oven, they were so excessively hot. The fire was then ap parently about four miles from the station I was leaving, and judging by the enormous volume of black smoke rising from it, it was spreading very fast; smoke could also be seen in other directions, but at much greater distances. I had no time to spare, so I got the groom to give my mare a little water, and to saddle her, and, having mounted, I started for home. I had no sooner got on to the northern dray track - not the Major's line—than I saw that another fire had just started within a mile of the station, and was just beginning to throw up a dense smoke: and what made matters worse, this last fire was on the south side of the road, and in front of me nearly, but as the wind was blowing from the road to this last fire, I saw I would not have much diffi culty in getting ahead of it before it could reach the road, if the wind permitted it to come so far against it. The fire to the north, which was now nearly behind me, or on my left shoulder, was coming on before the gale very fast and acquiring immense volume. The track I was on, though well beaten, would have been perfectly useless as a check to its headlong fury, but it was sufficient, for a couple of miles or so, to prevent the fire crossing from the south against the wind on to the north side of the track, even if it came up to the edge of it. Knowing that I might have a long and hard gallop to escape the fire that was behind me, on what sailors would call my larboard Quarter, I kept the mare at a steady pace till I ascertained, as well as I could the extent of the fire on my right, from which l had not much to fear so long as the northern fire did not get up to, or ahead of me, and so drive me into the forest on the South; but as I could see, too, that the violence of the wind was spreading the fire on my right towards the track, I at once determined to get ahead of it, and did so, after a smart gallop of a couple of miles, when I reined up to consider the situation. I was now about three miles on my way, and nearly 20 miles from the burnt pitch of country previously alluded to, near home, and about 12 miles from the shallow water-hole before noticed. The wind had not assumed the character of a hurricane almost, the heat of the sun—said to have been 145deg. in its rays—became terrible while the dense smoke that was now driven forward by the fury of the wind be came almost suffocating, and as I rode along I noticed a few birds on the road, that had evidently succumbed to the heat; but I was exposed to another great danger as well. The hurricane force of the wind frequently tore great branches from the trees, and sent them flying through the air almost like feathers, while they in their turn broke off other branches they were blown against, falling at times in very unpleasant proximity to where I was. After I had proceeded about seven miles, I again pulled up to consider hurriedly what to do. The country here was mostly very rough and hilly, sidling, and stony, and to gallop over it might bring the mare down and lame her, and leaves us both to the fury of the flames; and it also happened that to wards the end of that bad piece of road it turned rather sharply to the north like a sickle, or nearer to the terrific wall of fire that was now tearing through the forest be hind me, on my left, and the roaring of which could be heard at times above the fiery tempest that was fanning the fury. This was a source of infinite danger and anxiety to me, because if the fire should reach that turn in the road to the north, from which it once more took its easterly course, before I did I was a doomed man ; while to lame or knock up my mare before I got there was certain to lead to that result. I, therefore, let her take a steady canter on the best parts of the bad—keeping well in view the fact that the fire was not gaining on me—until I reached the desired—oh, how fervently-desired—turn in safety, about 13 miles from the station I had left. The last nine miles was tolerably level country, and fair riding. So I determined to go on steadily to the water-hole, about three miles ahead of me, that the mare and I might get a drink, and that I might cool her feet in the water. My determination to go steadily had to be relinquished, as the roar of the flames be came more and more distinct, and the smoke stifling. I, therefore, set off at a hard gallop, the mare still appearing pretty fresh, and, after a smart ride, during which the broken branches of trees seemed to be flying more thickly than before, I got safely to the creek, but only to find that the waterhole was almost dry, and so boggy that I could myself scarcely reach the small quantity of water left in the middle of it—about a bucket ful. This was so full of insects that I could only suck a few monthfuls through the double of my necktie; my approach to the water being for a time apparently disputed by a large black snake, that had seemed to come there for protection from the fire: a stone, however, soon dislodged him. The mare was in such a lather of sweat that, had there been plenty of water, I could only have let her wet her mouth. As it was, I took the saddle off her, took my handkerchief, soaked it in the water, washed her month and nos trils, and then washed and cooled her back, and dried it with a wisp of grass; got the saddle on, and was just seated in it when I could see the huge flames tearing their way through the forest and undergrowth, scarcely half a mile from me; but, fortunately, the saplings and undergrowth were so thick as to retard the progress of the fire a good deal, in spite of the driving sirocco. It was now time to try the mettle of my faithful brute companion to cover the next six miles in time to carry me to the burnt patch of a fortnight before; for, once there, I was safe from death by burning, whatever might be tide me from falling branches or sheer exhaustion. So off I started at a smart but steady gallop, and never pulled rein but once —to ease the mare up a steepish hill—till I saw the black ground ahead of me on my right, nearly a quarter of a mile off. I at once got off the mare and led her at a walk on to the burnt ground, when I took the saddle off to let her back cool. I appeared to have gained quite half a mile on the fire in this last ride, probably nearer a mile, as, after resting for a full quarter of an hour, I could see no sign of the flames—only the dense masses of smoke. I now re-saddled and mounted the mare, intending to walk her leisurely home, and just as I started a mob of wild cattle and two or three kangaroos came rushing wildly past me—the cattle with their tongues hanging out from exhaustion—driven out of their haunts by the fire. I had not gone far, however, before I could again see the fire, and found that it had got ahead of me, to my left, a little. I had, therefore, most unwil lingly to push my beast again for about three miles, when I was quite safe, and I shortly after reached home safely, to allay the great anxiety of my wife and to be by her side in case the fire came down on the flat where our hut stood, but a main road for teams and a creek—the flats of which had been well eaten down—which crossed the course of the fire about a mile west of our hut, had so checked its advance that it turned off to the ranges to the north. Towards sundown the violence of the terrible gale began to abate, and before 7 o'clock it had lulled down to a ten-knot breeze. Just before sundown I ascended a high, conical hill in front of our hut to have a view of the country, and such a sight I never saw before, and, I suppose, I shall never see again. There was no fire within a mile and a half of where I stood to the west and north, none within fire miles on the south, and no active fire for about twelve miles on the east, though the whole country in that direction had been swept by the flames during the afternoon and still gave up volumes of smoke. The air around me was full of smoke and particles of burnt vege tation. And as far as I could see in any direction, great mountains of smoke rose from the ground, and rolled over, and chased each other out to seaward; and I could not help thinking, as I looked on, of the Biblical description given of the destruction of the *'Cities of the Plains." The amount of debris—burnt bark, leaves, and grass—that was carried up and to leeward that day by the heat, the smoke, and the gale, must have been immense, as vessels that were 300 miles from the east coast of New South Wales reported some of it to have fallen on their decks. Some time after dark a delightfully cool sea breeze reached our district, which helped materially to extinguish the partially subdued fires,that still continued to bum; but no rain fell in our locality that night, nor the next day. 