AT certain seasons of the year diphtheria, scarlet fever, typhoid fever, and similar diseases make their appearance in town, and carry off a greater or less number of victims. This season, disease of this kind has been, if not unusually prevalent, at least unusually virulent in character, and tho mortality in proportion to the number of cases treated has been excessive. To say that the periodical visitatiou could by any liuman. meaus "be entirely averted, would be perhaps to say too much; but there can be no reasonable doubt that obedience to certain well-understood hygienic laws would check the development of zymotic disorders just as surely as disregard of those same lairs mast promote it. There is no question of speculation in the matter. The fact that the germs of these diseases are generated and diffused under certain conditions, is as well established as the fact that water seeks its own level; and this being so, it behoves tho community to see that these conditions shallnot be allowed to exist amongst us, if they can be removed. And it is equally certain that some, at least, of the causes which of late have tended unduly to swell tbo death rate, are causes which could bo removed. Over and over again we have called attention to tho abominable condition of many of the closets and cesspools in various parts of the town, and to the necessity for some effectual measures being taken to enforce a , - better system and greater cloauliness. After years of discussion tho Borough Council some time ago decided to make a move in this direction, hut so far nothing has been done to give practical effect to the decision, and an evening walk I in almost any street of tbo town will satisfy the most sceptical as to the urgent need for reform. Another matter which in this connection lias been brought under our notice is the circumstance that the present water supply of a large portion of the residents is drawn froih an impure source. The water-carts are now filled at a spot immediately below the wharf, where necessarily, if there he any drainage from the town, the stream must be polluted thereby. Wo have heard it argued that the danger from this source is infinitesimal, as the proportion of the filth finding its way into the river is trifling compared with the body of water by which it is diluted. This argument may be very well as far as it goes, but we have it oil medical authority that there is danger in tho practice, and as a mere question of commonsense and goodtaste it is surely worth while to avoid even a homoeopathic dose of the ordinary town sewage in our drinking water, to say nothing of the risk of imbibing an occasional dose of drainage from tlie highly-manured Chinese gardens in the same neighborhood. Here, then, wo have two points on which the municipal authorities are called .upon to take immediate and energetic action, and in which, in fact, they have the remedy in their own hands. There is, however, another tvil which unfortunately the local '•' powers that be" are, in the present condition of the law, wholly unable to cope with. We refer to the want of some proper means and authority on the part of the Government Health Officer to isolate patients attacked by contagious or infectious disorders. At present there is no such power. A short time ago when au outbreak of small-pox occurred, an immense amount of money was expended and some almost superfluous precautions were taken to prevent the spread of the disease. When, however, there is an outbreak of diphtheria, which in its virulent phases is even more infectious and more speedily fatal than the ordinary form of variola, there is no legal means of preventing the person attacked or any other member of his family, from mixing indiscriminately with . .„ , tl . „ the rest ol the people, and so scattering the , ' , , „„ ° , Kp.p.ds 6ceds ol of Llifl tho disrtvrtftp disorder Wnaooimr broadcast. . The I hn mi only 1V remedy for this is to be found in special legislation ou the subject, aud the sooner wo have it the better. IN the colony of Victoria there is a law under which any unqualified person styling himself "Doctor," or otherwise pretending to medical qualifications, is liable to punishment. In this colony there is no such law. As an illustration of the result, it is only necessary to refer to a case which occurred on the border a few weeks ago. A certain individual calling himself a doctor began the practice of his art at Albury and at Wodonga. In both places his mode of treatment was the very essence of quackery, and the fees paid him were so much money thrown away. In Albury he got off scot free, but at Wodonga he was very soon interfered with by the police and compelled to seek a more favorable field of labor, whereupon he betook himself to some of the inland towns of this colony, where, no doubt, he is still carrying on his imposture with impunity, and probably with profit. But it is not only such very pronounced charlatans as this against whom the public require to be protected. It may bo said, indeed, that people foolish enough to -pay for a prescription tho principal ingredient of which is blood drawn from the too of a Dorking cock, well deserve to lose their money. There are, however, many unqualified persons practising in the colony of a moro dangerous typo—men possessing only the " little knowledge " which a familiar couplet tells us is a " dangerous thing," and yet having an address and bearing infinitely superior to those of tho mere vulgar- impostor. Against these people the public have a right to be protected, because without seme special protection the mail paying a lair. price for skilled professional service has iio guarantee of getting what lie. pays for. And furthor than'this, as a matter, of justice to iono fide practitionera.it is only proper that the privilege of admission to an honorable calling, only obtainable at the cost of much money and years of study, should cany with it the exclusive right to earu the gains of the profession. TJnSer these circumstances we are glad to note that a bill has been introduced into the Legislative Assembly with the object of bringing about some reform in the direction indicated. ' A SUPPLEMENT to the last issue of the Government Gazelle contains the usual quarterly and yearly abstracts of pnblic revenue and expenditure. The returns show a decrease in the total year's income of £942,000, the receipts for 1883 being £6,470,000 against £7,418,000 in 18S2. This large falling-off is, however, more than accounted for by the deficiency in the land revenue, attributable mainly to. the policy of the present Government with' regard to auction sales. Iu 1882 the year's income from land amounted to £2,914,394 ; iu 1883 the receipts were only £1,056,044, the decrease in land sales alone representing £1,208,712. Turning to the returns for the last quarter of the year .we find the same decrease in the land receipts as compared with the corresponding period of 1882; but in other sources o£ revenue a slight improvement is noticeable. Tho receipts from Customs duties in the last quarter of 1883 were £401,000, the returns for the December quarter of 1S82 having giVen only £3S4,000. Tho receipts for services rendered also show, an increase of. nearly £91,000, the returns being—last quarter 1882, £727,027; last quarter 1883, £818,020. The Railway Department is to be credited with the bulk of this increment, the comparative increase in all sources of railway income being iu round numbers £84,000. The post office receipts, on the other hand, show a falling-off. The total revenue proper for the final quarter of last vyear was £1,SS7,212, against £2,083,880 /, ... . , .„„. , r for the like period of 1S82—a decrease of £22G,007. Tuii ItlVEH.—The Murray yestcrduy wits 10 inches above summer level. AccriONEsn's LICENCE.—Ou the 4th inst. a special auctioneer's licence was granted to IIr. W. King. ^ To CoNTBAcroRs.—Tenders are invited for the erection or a bridge over • Jingellic Cceek, on the road Bowna to Welaregaog. THE OODET-HODSE Poon-nox.—The police magistrate lias received a'cheque for £1 la. from Mr. S. Watson, of Gerogery, for'the Court-bouse poor-box. INSOLVENCY MEETING.—A meeting in the estate of J. T. Pritchard of Narandera, will be held at Wagga Wagga on Tuesday, 5th February. SLAUGHTERING LICENCES.—A slaughtering licence was granted on r rid ay last to an applicant named Bye for premises at Gerogery. A similar licence was granted to J. Madden. LOYAL MORKAY LODGE I.O.O.F.—In our report of the half-yearly election of officers of the above lodge, we omitted to mention that Mr. F. Simmons was appointed treasurer. THE PUBLIC SCHOOL. —No. steps have yet been taken for the lencing-in of .the public school grounds, although tenders have, we notice, been invited for fencing-in the Black Kange echool. • FATAL ACCIDENT.—A fatal accident 'happened a few days since at Adelong to a jockey nauied M'Alistcr. He was riding through the busb, when he came in contactwith a tree, was thrown from his horse, and died instantly.. LAUD MEETING AT COEOWA.—A meeting ol the members of the Corowa Land 'Reform Association will be lield at 2 o'clock to-morrow. The business to be dealt with includes the reception of the annual report and balance-sheet and the election of-a secretary. THE BOHOUGH COUNCIL.—The members or the Municipal Council who retire this year by rotation are the Mayor (Mr. G. ThoroM) and Aldermen Billson and Walldcr. So far no new candidates for scats to the Council table have announced themselves. COUNT? Counis.—During the ensuing year County Courts in the Victorian Border districts will be held as follows :—Cbiltera, May 9 and November^ ; Rutbergleri,' May-10 and .November 17.; Wodonga, May 7 and November 14; Yackandandab,- February 13 and'Aiigust QOARTERLY LICENSING Co DBTS.—Quarterly . licensing courts for the consideration of applications for_ publicans', brewers', and wine licenses, will be held &3 follows:—Albury, 22od January ; Corowa, 18th January ; Jerilderie, 9th January ; Narandera, ICth January; Tumoaromba, 28th January. . A HINT TO PARENTS.—We publish elsewhere • a letter addressed to a Cape Town journal by .the headmaster of a large public 'school. The letter contains so much practical commonsense, and moreover.hits so very fally a weak spot in Australian social life, that its .republication can hardly fail to be of .service. CONFIRMATION.—Members of the Church of -England in the Germanton district will be interestel in learning that the Bishop of •Goulbarn will hold a confirmation service at Germanton during the Inst week of January. Candidates for confirmation should send in their names to the Be v. J. Scott forthwith. THE WEATHER.—The heat during the past ' week bas been at times excessive. On Saturday last the thermometer stood ail day. at over lOOdjeg. in the shade, and all night the heat • was intense. Since then a violent dust- storm preceded a change oF wind and southerly breezes, which rendered the temperature more NEW JOURNAL.-—We hive received the first number of the Jerilderie Herald, and' Urana Advertiser, a new weekly published by Mr. Boddy, at Jerilderie. The paper contains a large quantity of leading matter appropriate to the season and to the occasion, full reports of local athletic sports, and some well-chosen extract items. POLICE CHANGES.—Constable Grainger has, we understand, been transferred to Urana. During the three years of his residence in Albury be has always been regarded as a z-ialous and efficient officer, who never allowed a faithful discharge of his duties to degenerate iuto officiousriess. He has, therefore, a good many friends who will regret his departure. THE HARVEST.—Satisfactory reports continue^ be received touching the progress of the harvest. The yield, though varying in the different parts of the district, is in every iustance stated to be better than usual, and in one or two eases the crop is. the best ever gathered. Taking the district from end to end, the average will probably be between 1G and 17 bushels to the acre. SHEEP DIRECTORS' MEETING.—At a meeting of .the Albury board of sheep directors on •Friday.last, the whole of the members were present. The only business dealt with was that of considering'the question'of appointing Mr. George .Mackay permanently to the ollice of District Stock Inspector. It was . unanimously decided to nominate Mr. Mackay •for the permanent appointment. THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE LAND.—A notification appears in the last issue of the Government Gazette of the resumption by the Government of the land at the back of the new liall, for the purpose of a residence for the; Superintendent of Police. This step having been taken, it is probable that the committee will soon be a'ble to draw the money due in respect of the ealc. BUSII Pi RE AT TEN-MILE CREEK.—A fire 'broke out last week on the Ten-mile .Creek run of Messrs. M. and \V. Purtell. The fire started near the main Sydney road, and seemed likely at first to destroy a large amount of property. Owing, however, to the large amount of help immediately rendered, it was extinguished in a remarkably short time, and the 'damage was confined to the destruction of about 200 acres of grass aud a few panels of fencing. ANNUAL MEETING.—The anuual mectiug of members of the Mechanics' Institute will be held at 6 p.m. on Monday, 21st inst. Subscribers may be reminded that all nominations . for new committeemen must be with the secre- . tary at least seven days previous to the date of election. Any member desiring to bring forward at the meeting auy business other than that specified iu the advertisement, must give notice to the secretary three days before the meeting. FIRES NEAR WAGGA WAGGA.—A fire broke out on Saturday last at iAglis's farm, near Lake. Albert, and burned a quantity of bay and wheat which had been stacked. The fire ' is supposed to have been caused by a spark from a thrashing engine. The sparks from the mail train also ignited the grass in a paddookof Mr. Hayes's at North Wagga, but a number of men who were put on succeeded in arresting the progress of the flames after some few acres of wheat had been destroyed. To CORRESPONDENTS.—'"NewCbum."— 1 The water is probably unwholesome, and cannot be purified except by filtration. The better plan would be to prevent the leaves getting into the tank.. " Mamie."—The lines snow a marked improvement on your previous efforts. They contain several grave faults. In the two last ' lines, for example, the scansion is faulty and the rnyinei is defective. Several of the verses, however, , display*""tftie poetic feeling, very nicely expressed. " Constant Eeader."—We will endeavor-to obtain the information you desire by next issue. CHARGE or LARCENY.—A young man named John Alderson was brought up at the police court yesterday, charged with stealing a watch the property of Peter Griffiths. Mr. Wilkioson appeared for the prisoner. Sergeant G6odenough, 1 of the'Victorian police force, deposed to having arrested the accused on 8th December in Gippsland, 'and produced the extradition warrant, signed-by the Governor of Victoria. Senior-constable Brown asked for a remand, and the accused was remanded accordingly for eight days. Bail was allowed, the accused in £40 aud one surety in a like amount ALUURY LAND OFFICE.— 1 The following arc the returns for quarter ending 31st December, 1883:—Auction deposits, £297 15a. lid; ; auction balance*, £78 ; auction deed fen, £3 ; deposits ou conditional purchase*, £1444 18s.: Sd.; instalments on do., £290 9s. 3J.; inte- T.-st on do., £17 12a. 2d.; deed fees on do., £2; pre-lease renewal?, £104 lis. 4d.; pre- ; lease applications, £12 17s. 3d.; lithograph*, £2 4a. Gd.; subdivision fees, £9 7s. 61.: timber licenses, £3 ; registration fees, £17 Us. j sUmp duly, £13 I03.—total, £2297 2a. 7d. • CRICKET MATCH.—Mr. J. H. Mathews ha« arranged to take a cricket team of "Old Buffers " to Beechworth on Saturday, to play a match for the banefit of the Ovens District Hospital. The Hon. F. Brown has picked another team to meet the visitors, pnd a capital day's sport will.no doubt be the result. :The Albury oldsters will, we understand, ioclude the following :—J. II. Mathews, W. ^...Norman, J. H. Turner, W. J. Lyne, V. F. N «glo, G. H. Billson, W. J. Jones, W. Conley, S. C. V. North, A. l^rew, James Diy, F. Simmons,. W. E. Limport, and D. Ferguson. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—10,500 merino wethers from Mabonga to Melrose, T. Harden owner ; 2257 merino ewes from Corowa district t»i Tumbarumba, P. Hann owner; 1500 mixed weanersfrom Mullengandra to Woodstock, G. EC M Collins owner-; 2000 mixed weaners from Bowna to Woodstock, same owner; 1000 merino wethers from Victoria to Albury, W. J. Singleton owner ; 3o00 mixed sheep from other districts for Albury nmket, various •jwners ; 61 shorthorn bulls Irora Victoria for Svdney, C. B. Fisher owner; 20 cittle from Kergunyah for Albury, W. Tetlev, owner; 1000 wethers from Howlong to Sydney, to Wilkinson, Graves and Co. RAILWAY PARCELS.—The following notice appears in the Government Giv.dk" Notice is hereby given that on and alter the 1st January, 1S84, all goods must he addressed as required by By-law. No. XL1X, which will then read as follows :— 4 The Commissioner will not receive goods or parcels for conveyance by railway u 11!OPS oach separate package bas the name aud nd ircss of the person to whom it is consigned, legibly written or printed thereoa, nor will he b? liable for damage or loss sustaiued by IeakngVfurmentation, or lire.' This course has been rendered necessary in con sequence of the number ol claims .the department bas been called upon to pay for misdelivery of goads through the similarity of brands." - UNSOUND MIND.—At the police court on Saturday a young woman uamud Margaret Ah Hing was brought up for protection. Dr. Andrews gave evidence to the cfleet that she was uufit to be at large, and she was remanded for eight-days for medical treatment. On Tuesday a man named Forrest was brought up lor protection, being apparently of unsound mind. Dr. Andrews gave evidence to the effect that he had examined the man, who appeared to require medical treatment. Mr. Fleiner, u boarding-house keeper, deposed that Forrest bad been staying with bii)i,iand behaved in such an eccentric mauuer that be (witness) had beeu obliged to get rid ul-hiiu. The delendaut was remauded for seven days for medical treatment. AN UNPLEASANT JOURNEY.—According to our Tumut' contemporary, a large bush-fire started recently.-in that neighborhood near the Sawmill Hill, and two females who were riding on horseback to -Tumbarumba at the lime had a uarrow escape from being burnt. The hop scrub and fallen stringy-bark timber blazed away in all directions. Suddeuly the fair riders were surrounded by the fire, and their horses becoming frantic they dismounted, when oneof the steeds atonce broke away, carrying with him a burning saddle-cloib. A young man named Rogers, who was helping to put oat the fire, beard the screams of Ahe ladies, aad coming quickly to the spot rescued them from the fire. Beyond scorched faces, burnt hair, snd considerable fright, uo damage was sustained. ALBURY GAS COMPANY.—The first geueral meeting of shareholders iu the Albury Gas Company was held on Tuesday evening. The report and balance-sheet submitted were of a highly satisfactory character, showing a profit of £229 13s. 41. lor the past half-year of the company's operations. Both report and balancesheet were unanimously adopted, and a hearty vote of thanks was carried to the directors for the energetic and able manner in which they had conducted the affairs of the company; An election of directors then took place iu lieu of Messrs. Scanlan and Wallder. Mr. Wallder was re-elected, and Mr. Scanlan declining to stand, Mr. Lamport was appointed inhisetead. Messrs. Ridge way and Warden were elected auditors, and the meeting closed. A fuller report will be fouud elsewhere. BAZAAR.—In accordance with a resolution carried at the last meeting of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute, a public meeting has been convened for this afternoon, at 4 o'clock, for the purpose of arranging for a bazaar iu aid of the building fund ot the new lecture-hall. The building is progressing rapidly towards completion, and will, it is hoped, be roofed and floored by the date of the aunual racep, at which time it is thought a good sum of money might be raised by means of a bazaar. We need hardly say that in addition to the proceeds of-the sale of land and special donation?, a con • siderable amount will be required, and it is hoped that the public—more particularly the ladies—will assist iu carrying the project to a SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases* were dealt with by the police magistrate:—G.. Schroeder v.. John Smith, claim for IS*). GI. for work'aud labor done at fencing. Plaintiff stated that defeudant had taken a contract for the erection I of certain fencing, and he (plaintiff) had gone to work for him. For the defence, defendant deposed that be had never employed the plaintiff; plaintiff joined him in the work, and when it was finished woutd be entitled to half the proceeds; owing to the floods the work had been, stopped. After a good deal of evidence had been taken, the' police magistrate said the plaintiff had clearly been em pi overt by the defendant, who oughtto pay him. .He therefore. suggested that some arrangement^ should be arrived at amicably between, the parties. ACCIDENTS.—We regret to have LU record a very painful accident which happened last week to Mr. Neil M'Jflachern, of Mount M'Kichero, Mullengandra. He was on bis .dr^y.jjoing for a load of. hay, when the wheel passed nver a small stump, causing him to lose his balance, and in trying to regain it his leg .was caught in the spokes of the wheel, breaking ;it just above the .aukle and giviug .it a terrible gash. He was. .brought into Albury by .Mr. M'Brien (at whose plac» the accident occurred)andis, under the care of Dr. Kennedy, now progressing favorably. A serious accident happened last week to Mr. Christiau Westendorff, of Jindera. He WHS, it appear?, engaged in driving a stripper, and .had occasion to bend oyer to clear or regulate some part of the machinery, when his foot became entangled by the beater?, wa*.drawn in and severely lacerated before the horses could be stopped. A DANGEROUS LUNATIC.—A very dangerous lunatic was brought into Wagga last week from Narandera, in charge of two constables, and lodged 'in the lockup. The unfortunate man's name is John Healy, and be has lately been working on Yarrabee station, near Xarandera. During Christmas week Healy went into Narandera and got on the spree, and on Christmas Day he alleges that a girl named Elizabeth Green robbed him at the Chinese Camp there ot .£5, and also struck him heavily on the head with a tomahawk. Tne wont in (says a Wag^a paper) stand-* remanded for the offence, but now that the prosecutor bas developed such strong symptoms of lunacy (attribute 1 by medical meti at Narandera to the effects of the heatand drink), it is expected the prosecution, will fall through. Healy became so violent in the lockup at Naraudera that his immediate removal to Wagga was ordered* and it took uo less than five men to strap him down, in order to prevent his doiog injury to himself or the authorities. ATTEMPTED TURF FRAUD.—Our Hay correspondent forwards particulars of animpudeut attempt at fraud in connection with a recent footrace for a large stake iu that township. It appears that among.it the persons entering for this event was a runner from Narandera, who for some reason or other—probably because be thought he was not good enough-^decided not to compete. This fact came to the knowledge of a professional ruuner from Victoria, who dccidcd to persouate the Narandera man. The Victorian thus got iuto the race at a light handicap, and won caeily. After the race was over some doubt arose as to the identity of the winner with the Naraudera pedestrian, aud some awkward witnesses turned up who had 6cen ihe Narandera mau on the previous day 'at Narandera, whilst others again deposed to the bona Jldcs of the victor. The committee postponed the matter for a time, aud then decided to call upon the stranger'to make a statutory declaration that he was the person be represented himself to be. A magistrate attended, but at the last .moment the Strang* r declined to sign, aud he with his male was disqualified from ever running on the course again. He is said to be one of the fastest sprint runners iu Victoria. STRANGE REASONS TOR IIEFIJJSINU ADMIS- SION TO SCHOOL.—Oae of the funniest reasons ever advanced for refusing to admit a child to H public school is qu »ted by Sub-Inspector Brennan, in his r«>pjrt on the Chinese. He states that at Albury there is a Chinese child, seven years old, named Jah Kee Govey, not going to school. The reasou assigned by the boy's father, Ah Govey, an industrious gardener, is (days the Inspector) that the schoolmaster refused to admit him to tie public school because the child was wearing his hair in the queue, characteristic of Chinese customs. Mr. Brennan naively adds : "As I am not aware of any law being in force i*i New South Wales which prohibits the Chinese from wearing their hair iu the style of their ancestors, and according to the fashion of their race, I am impressed with the conviction that the objection for the exclusion of this child, cleanlv and intelligent in appearance, whose mother is a native born sul ject, from a public school, is not in itself a valid one, any more than it would if it were sought to be applied to European children going to school and wearing their hair in any one of the numerous and extraordinary styles which European custom sanctions." Mu. ALL-RED DAMJ'IEU.—Mr. Dumpier, with a powerful company, commenced a short season at the Exchange Theatre ou Monday evening to a crowded house. The piece chosen was the sensational drama of "The Royal Pardon," in which ah excellent opportunity was afforded for the display of Mr. Dampier^ versatility of talent. His representatiou of the ambitious Iragediau whose merit* had not yet b.-eu appreciated by the public, was a very clever piece of acting, and the sudden transition from mock'"heroics 1TJ "broad farce was irresistibly ludicrous The part'of'Markbam found a very able exponent in Mr. Hollo way, whore make-up and acting, conveyed a very good idea of the blqff, straightforward-, seafaring man ; aud Mr. St. Liwience. in-the character of Swindleton. was as odious •and repulsive a; could desired. Millhank,'lhe heavy villain of the piece, was ably personified by Mr. Stonebam. The fringe characbri were equally well sustained by Mrs. Hollottny, Miss Lily. Dam pier, and Miss RUSPCII. On Tuesdav niubt Mr. Thomas's drama -of. " No Mercy" was given ; and on .Wednesday, for the first time.in Albury, the lovers of Shakespeare had a urand treat in the representatiou of" Hamlet," with Mr. Djiupier, of course, in the title role. AN ILL-TIMED SUGGESTION.—At the mooting of the Borough- Couiic l on Wednesday evening Mr. Aldeuuan Scanlau asked • iLc Mayor if the filter-beds had beeu excised from the plans for t.he Albury water supply. The Mayor replied that the filter-beds had been left out at the special request of the Council in order to lessen the cost of the work*, and because under, the circumstances tiltei-beds were considercd.uuui.eissary. Alderman Scanlan then moved that-an application be made to Mr. Moriarty to provide for the filtration of the water, as oth erwise t he pipes woul 1 soon bee una' l'oul and the water unfit to drink, as had been the case in Melbourne. Tt _There id.not the slightest need lot. filler- beds i>i'.connection with the Albury wa'er supply. The water is to be drawn, not* direct from the river, but'from a shaft sunk on the, bank. The water will thus be su' jtrct to natural Sltratiou through sand and .gravel before it goes into .the reservoir at all, and no artificial process a3uld pi-rfonn the work so effectually. Tbe;i.«on- Fit ruction of filter-bids, therefore, would be mere surplusage, and would involve a heavy expense to no purpose whatever; whilat the cost of the waterworks, even as it is, will probably be found quite heavy enough. DANGER FROSI THE TAAINS.—We have again t'i call attention to the necessity for some appliances being brought into use on. the railway to prevent the frujuent firte now causul by pparks from the locomotives. Ou the Round Hill run no less than 2.XW acres of L'ra6S were destroyed by a fire thus occasional. On this station two men are constantly employed to do nothing else but follow the different trains as they pass through the run, and extinguish any fire started by ibe aj-atk*, but on the occasion referred to the wind was so oigh that the li-tmes got altogether beyond control,- and, as stated, a very large amount of damage was the result. Ue may point out that the prevention of this risk ought not to be a very d'tficult or wry expulsive matter. Every day in the hottest part of the year engines attached to threshing-machines are at work in the midst of highly, infiimmable material, the ignition of which i&onld; le/id to most disastrous results; and -yet we stlloui heiir of am one being burned out by epark« from a threshing-engine. The remm -of'tbis is that proper precautions are taken by enclosing the mouth of the funnel with wire-netting. It' thirt can be done with one online, it i* difficult to see why it cannot be done w ith another. At all event", if some step:;' are uoL taken in this direction the (j ivernmcnt is likely to be the defendant iu more '.hau oi;o action for damages. DENTISTRY Mr. G. It. Hall visits Albury on Tuesday, aud may be consulted at the Clu?» Hotel. Mr. De Saxe will be in Albury im the ISth, and may be consulted at the Globe Hotel. THE ALBURY FouNDRY.—Tlie Albury Ir.m Foundry is now in full working ordir, and prepared to undertake the manufacture or repair of every dtfcripliou of miniog and agricultural machiuery. MR. FLEMING NORTON.—An excellent entertainment is announced for next week at lb<> Escbauge Theatre, when Mr. FJeminu Norton will give a series of representations of his popular " Picnic Portraits." IMPORTANT SALE or HORSES, LAND, &C.;— Messrs. T. Mates and Co. aunounce an important sale of horses at Corrrong ou ,28 th lust. On 29.b the same firm sell valuable freeholds at Corr.vong, and on the 30th a varied assortment of merchandise. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this issue: — kangaroo dog lost; trespassers on Tangainbalanga war Del; plough and scoop' lor sale ; Ada mas tor's distribution on Championlljce ; Grammar School reopens on 2let January ; E. Jakobi applies for wine license; Urana Hospital meeliug on 25th January; tenders invited for purchase of plant of Horse'Creek Tmmining Company; Germanton Licensing Court on 30th Jauuary ; farewell supper at Farmer*' Home Hotel, Gerogery ; .'lessons in in chrystoleum painting at Moonvatha"; dairy business for sale at Wodonga ; accounts of Tumbarumba Common ; dog officer for Wodonga Shire ; Messrs. Piggin Bell l'kt stockon 19th Januaiy ;'Mr. Cattlin sells furniture Lo-morrow aud on the 15th inst; tneetiug HI Tallangitta llhh January ; Messrs. Gray and Co. sell fat stcc^ on Wednesday; collections 1 eceived for hospital; Piuey Range for privbt * sale by Mcssm. Grifii'h and Co.; mare lost; Miss B-irtlelt's ladies' school, Wodonga, reo] ens 15th January ; tenders invited for building by Messre. Gordon and Gordon; tenders invited for brickwork and -carpenter work by Mes?re, Gordcn and Gordon. 