16th March. Tickets may be obtained at the office of this journal or from the hoo. sees., Messrs. Abercrombie, Thorold, and Frew. THE WATERWORKS.—It has been decided to extend the time for receiving tenders for erection of engine- house and other works in con* nection with the Albury • water supply, from 18th March to 15th April. The specifications will be available in the course of another week. THE JDTDERA TELEGRAPH SERVICE.—The Minister of Works, in reply to a question from Mr. Lyne on Tuesday last, said tbat the telegraph line to Jindera would be completed in a fortnight, and that there would be no delay in the establishment of a telegraph ollice at Jindera. ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL.—The regular fortnightly meeting of this body was held on Wednesday evening. In response to an invitation from the New South Wales Municipal Association, it was decided that the Council should become a subscribing member of the Association. LATE TRAIN FOR WODONGA.—The Victorian Ilailway Department have decided to run a special train toWodonga to-morrow night for the convenience of visitors from Sydney and other places along the line to the races. The time at which the train will leave the Spencer-street station has not yet been decided upon. TEE LATE FIRE AT WAGRA.—A reward of £%> is offered by the Government for information leading to the conviction of the person who set fire to the Wagra public school on 33rd January last. In addition to the above reward a free pardon will be extended to any accomplice who shall first give such information. ALBURY .LICENSING COURT.—At this court on Friday an application was made for a transfer of the license for the Advance Australia Hotel from'Mary Ann Qiles to John Crisp. The transfer was granted. A wine license for a house at the Eight-mile Creek was also transferred from John Crisp to Edward Thos. Crisp. CROWN LAND SALE.—At a sale of Crown lands on Friday last a block of 148 acres at Greg Greg was knocked down to Mr. Pierce at M os. per acre. This high price is of special significance at the present moment, when an agitation has been commenced for the revocation of a large reserve in the same neighbourhood. MINING AT CHILTERN.—The manager of the Alfred Company, Chiltern, reports that the cleaning np of the plates yielded 30oz. retorted gold. This, with the results last week from the Lady Rose (a claim not tar from the Alfred mine) of 49oz, 13dwt., as the result of sixteen loads, gives a good prospect to quartz reefing in the district. ACCIDENT AT YACKANDANDAH.—A severe accident has happened to Mr. S. Perrottet, the clerk-of petty _ sessions at Yackandandah. While out shooting he held a fowling-piece by the muzzle when getting through a fence. The piece accidentally went off, sending the charge through his arm between the elbow and the shoulder. To CORRESPONDENTS.—" Subscriber," Urangeline Creek.—Send the depth of tank as well as other measurements. " M. Horrigan."— You had better advertise. We are unable to give the names required. "T. V.," Toganmain.—After the six months' notice you can erect the fence and sue your neighbor for the cost of his half. < THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.—The Australian Eleven arrived in Melbourne overland from Sydney on Tucsdav afternoon. The match against fifteen of Victoria commences on the M.C.C. ground to-day. The Fifteen will comprise:—Barrett, Bruce, Deeley, Lewis, Groube, Harry, Horan, Morris, M'Shane, G. Trinnick, Slight, Smith, Trumblc, Turner, and Walters; emergency, Worrell. BOWNA RACES.—The annual races of the Bowna Turf Club takes place, as usual, on ISaatcr Monday. The programme includes the Bowna Handicap of 20 sovs., and five other events. Nominations for the principal handicaps must be with the secretary on or before 1st April; weights will be declared on 5th April, and acceptances must be in by 10 o'clock on night of general entry. MINING AT BLACK RANGE.—In the Clina claim of Messrs. Devene and Co. the prospects are improving. At a depth of 70 feet from the surface a new make has taken place, giving a total of 4ft. of payable quartz. The party have 80 tons of good stone at grass, but are unable to get it crushed owingto the scarcity of water. Tenders are invited for sinking the shaft in the BlackfellowB* claim a farther distance of 20ft. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—A meeting of the committee of the Albury Hospital was held yesterday afternoon. The principal business of the meeting was the passing of sundry accounts, as follows:—J. Adams, £200 ; Gordoh and Gordon, /25; wages, &c.;, £51; M'Donald, £6 lis. 9d.; Montague, & 2s.; Mitchell, £2 19s.; Connor, £2 2s.; Walls, £16 12s. J Jones, 6s. 6d.; G. Adams, £6 12a. Od. .TOWN IMPROVEMENTS.—Daring the past rweek extensive alterations and improvements have been in progress at the shop of Mr. C. A. Pearce, draper, Dean-street. Mr. Pearce has secured the lease of the premises adjoining nis present shop, Iatelv occupied by the Messrs. Maclure, and be is now having the additional frontage thus obtained converted into a landsome show-room for the better disnlav of his stock. TALGARNO MAIL SERVICE.—In the absence oi tlie victoriau Portmaaler.Qeneral and his deputy, a deputation, introduced by Mr. Wallace, M.L.C., waited upon the chief clerk of the department a few'days since, and nsked that a loose bag should be dropped and picked up each day by the mail coach at Talgarno, near Bethanga. Mr. Smibert asked the deputation to forward their request in writing to the Postmaster-General, which they promised to do. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—250 merino wethers from Hawksview to Kiewa, Victoria, H. Glassen owner; 2200 merino wethers from Tooma to Victoria, J. Walsh owner ; 1000 merino wethers from Bowna to Bungowannab, Carey Bros, owners ; 100 store bullocks from Wyseworth to Barham, Wilson and Dough arty owners; 500 merino ewes from Bull Plain to Mittagong, Mrs. Boyd owner; 133 fat cattle from other districts for Albury market, various owners. LARRIKIN ISM AT JINDERA.—Our Jindera correspondent writes :—" It had been hoped that lariikinism in this neighborhood had been put a stop to. Unfortunately this does not appear to be the cose. The other night the house of a local resident was made the target for a regular cannonade of stones and other missiles, ana the owner of the house, who is juet now in a delicate state of health, was so frightened thai he has since been confined to his bed. It is surely time tbat we were vouchsafed police protection." MACAULEY-STREER.—At the meeting of the Council on Wednesday evening the Town Surveyor stated that before the date of next meeting he would have the work of marking oft" a line on the east side of Macauley-street completed. This is being done with a view to make the street a uniform width of one chain, if the property-holders on the east side will give the land required for the purpose. Letters will be written to the various landowners to ascertain their views on the subject. WOUNDED BV A TIGER.—A lad named Carter received a nasty wound on the head last Sunday morning from one of the tigers belonging to Chiarini's circus. The accident happened soon after the arrival of the special train from Wagga Wagga with the menagerie, and the boy, it appears, in his anxiety to get an early view of the animals, pressed his investigations somewhat too closely, when the beast thrust out a claw, tearing young Carter's cap off, and also inflicting a pretty severe scratch on the head. The wound was dressed by Dr. Andrews. THE POLK COMPANY.—This talented company, one of the best of its kind that has ever performed on the Murray, pay a visit to Albury on Thursday next, under the management oi Lieutenant Rose, whose name will be remembered in connection with the very successful visit of Mr. A. Dampier. The entertainment is essentially mirth- provoking, the piece selected—"The Strategist"—being one of the most amusing ever placed upon the stage. Mr. and Mrs. Polk are ably supported by a owerlul company, including several wellnown Melbourne stars. SALE OF BOOTHS, &c.;—The sale of gate, booths, and other privileges in connection with the annual races took place on Saturday last, Mr. Ten Brink being the auctioneer. The sale resulted as follows :—Gate and entrance to lawn, Mr. S. Moses, £] 27 ; race cards, Mr. G. Adams, £15 ; grand-stand booth, £3S ; No. 1 booth, £26 ; No. 2 booth, £18 (all three booths being purchased by Mr. Devene); No. 1 stall, Mr. J. Connors, £2 10s.; No. 2 stall, Mr. De- graves, £1 10s.; No. 3 stall, Mr, J. Connors, £1 ; No. 4 stall, Mr. Degraves, 25s. The total proceeds of the sale were £229 15s. THE WILSON-STREET C ROSSINU.—On Tuesday evening, in tbc Legislative Assembly, Mr. Day called attention to the Wilson-street levelcrossing. The Minister for Works said he was not aware the crossing was exceptionally dangerous, but that the introduction of the interlocking system would render it more secure. We may add that the only effectual way of removing the danger referred to by Mr. Day would be that of erecting a high-level bridge in Guinea-street, as originally intended. This would relieve the traffic over the level-crossing, if it did not remove it altogether. A WARNING.—A case heard a few days sincc at the police court, Sydney, may perhaps Berve as a warning to tenants who make a moonlight Hitting without previously settling up with their landlords. A man named Longford pleaded gailty to a charge bf having disobeyed a summons charging him with having assisted one Frederick Cook to remove certain goods and chattels to the value of £10, to prevent distraint. He was fined £20 ; in default, six months' imprisonment It will be seen by this that not only are the parties themselves responsible, but carters ana others who assist them also. THE NEW THEATRE.—The new hall of the Mechanics' Institute, so far as the present contracts are concerned, is now nearly finished. There is, of course, a great deal to be done in the way of interior decoration and fittings, but this will entail a further outlay, which for the time being the committee will probably not care to incur, especially in view of the difficulty which has arisen in the way of obtaining money due from the Government. The flooring, plastering, &c.;, are, however, all but completed, and there is no cause to fear that everything will not be readiness for the concert on the 17th and the grand ball on the 16th. YACKANDANDAH WARDEN'S COURT.—On Mouday, before Mr. Warden Foster, G. H. Burns applied for a lease of 20 acres at Sandy Creek, for mining purposes. He now abandoned the application, aud the same ground wss applied for by Messrs. ThomaB Murray, Michael M'Mahon, and Edward Fanning. The case was adjourned till next court, to allow applicants to write to the Mining Department. G. H. Burns applied for a lease of 14 acres at Sandy Creek, for mining purposes. The case was objected to by J. M'Grath. There was no appearance of applicant, and the Warden decided that costs should be allowed if possible, but the papers must first go to Beechworth. An EXTRAORDINARY YIELD OF GOLD AT MUD GEE.—The following telegram came to hand from Mudgee a few days since :—" Bond and party have got another lOOOoz. of gold from their claim at Hargraves. The gold is so thick that it has to be chiselled out. Further rich specimens are expected to be got out to-day. The find is the richest yet brought to light in the Mudgee mining district, and cxceeds anything ever discovered at Hill End or elsewhere. The locality is contiguous to the far-famed Loupa Creek, where the monster nugget, weighing over lOOozs., was found many years ago. A revival of the mining industry is now looked forward to." MAIL SERVICES.—Tenders for the conveyance of mails have been accepted as follows :— To and from Tallaneatta and D*rk River (Williamson's), via Tallangatta Valley and Cravensville, three days a week, from lut March to 30th June, 18S4, at the rate of £235 per annum—H. A. Crawford and Co.; for ihe conveyance of an additional mail, once a tveek, to and from Corryong and Towong (addition to contract No. 630, of lt-83-84, from the 7th February, at the rate of £26 per annum)—H. A Crawford and Co.; lor a deviation from mail route to convey mails to and from Larsen's Creek (addition to contract No. 610 of 1883-84t from 1st March, at the rate of £31 per annum)—Geo. Gray. AUSTRALIAN WINE.—We are informed that Mr. Charles M. Holwortby (representing the firm of Joseph M. Holwortby and Co., of London, Australian merchants), who has been visiting these colonies, has been so impressed with tbc colonial wines of Australia (says the Bcndigo Advertiser) that he has arranged to go extensively into this trade in London, under the style of the " Federal Australian Wine Company." We believe that he has made arrangements to receive regular supplies from Mr. F. Grosse, of Bendigo, Mr. Fallon, of Albury, and others whose wines have received high positions at the various international and colonial exhibitions. There is no doubt a great future for this trade in London. FIRE AT PULLITOP. — A correspondent writes :— K At Upper Pullitop station on Friday morning, about half-past 3 o'clock some members of the family were awakened from their slumbers by a sound like a mighty wind, but which they soon recognised as the more dreadful one of fire. Springing from their beds, they rushed out and found the laundry chimney one sheet of llame. It was composed of pine slabs; hence the loud noise which awakened the sleepers. Some mounted the roof, and with hatchet and crowbar partially severed the burning chimney from the rest of the building; others handed np buckets of water, and in a short spaca of time a very serious catastrophe was averted. It was fortuuate the discovery was made so soon, as bad the fire got another five minutes' start no human efforts could have saved the kitchen, dwelling-house, &c.;, from being reduced to ashes." ACCIDENT ON THK NORTH-EASTERN RAIL- WAY.—A somewhat serious accident occurred to the 1.35 p.m. stock train at Longwood, on the North-Eastern line, la?t Tuesday night, by which upwards of 100 sheep were killed. It appears tbat whilst the train was passing over tbe points at Longwood, five of the trucks loaded with sheep were suddenly thrown olT the line aud capsi/.cd ou the side of the embankment, and the whole of the sheep were killed iu the accident. Steps were at once taken to remove the obstruction as quickly as possible, but although excellent progress was made with the work, the main line was blocked for some time, and tbe 5.5 p.m. down train was detained for nearly half an hour. On an inquiry being made it was found that tbe accident was possibly caused through the carelessness of the pointsman, who has in consequence been suspeuded pending further inquiries being made into the matter. THE RACE HANDICAPS.—We would suggest that in future years the hour of closing nominations and acceptances for the principal handicaps be altered from 8 p.m. to 6 p.m., in order tbat any local paper going to press on the same evening may without inconvenience publish the information in the next morning's issue. On Thursday evening last, but for the courtesy of Mr. Ten Brink, who kindly had the acceptances entered up on a list as they came in, ready to hand to our reporter as soon as tbe hour of closing arrived, they would have been too late for insertion, and many country supporters of the club would have been disappointed. Even as it was, one member of the committee was opposed to tbe information being made available for the paper until half an hour after the time of closing the acceptances. We may point out that the early publication of news of this class in the district papers is quite as valuable to the club in the foim of gratuitous advertising as it is to the newapapcrs themselves. THE OUTBREAK or SCAB IN SHEEP.—'The Minister for Mines has issued a miuute to the elfect that quarantining of any ji'acc through which the railway uny pats will not in any way affect the transit of sheep through such district, the 12th sectiou of the Sheep Act cf 1878 making all necessary provision for such cases. The clause s a9 follows The provisions of the principal Act relating to quarantine and to tbe coast district?, shall not apply to clean travelling sheep while being carried by railway, it such sheep do not start from the coast districts, nor were stopped in thealfected place. Provided that all sheep found to be infected in a railway truck or at a railway B'ation shall at once be removed to tbu quarantine ground or other proper place and dealt with as provided by this Act." The Department, whilst taking every possible precaution to prevent tbe outbreak or further spread of scab, will do everything to reduce every possibility of inconvenience to trad*. LARCENY AT WAKGARATTA.—An audacious case of larceny occurred last week at Wangaratta. Two strangers of very youthful but fashionable appearance recently arrived, apparently by one of tbe morning trains from New South Wales, and endeavored to hire a buggy and pair for a fortnight at Crawford and Connolly's stables. Failing that they left for Beechworth by the midday train, but returned next morning. They then succeeded in hiring a buggy and pair Jrom Mr. Charles Stone, another livery-stable keeper, for a specified number of days, and took their departure. Nothing further was heard of them until Thursday, the 28th ult., when Sergeant Steele received a telegram from tbe Seymour police inquiring whether two men bad hired a buggy and pair at Wangaratta during the week, AS they bad been sold at Seymour for £-J5. SergT-aatSteeleiinmediatelylook outa warrant, and this being intimated to Seymour by telegram, the supposed delinquents were at once arrested and lodged in the lock-up. On Tuesday the two men—who gave the names of Henry Ferrer, alms Captain Gordon, and George Ferrer—were charged at the Seymour police court with larceny as bailees. The tirst-named prisoner pleaded guilty, and declared that George was perfectly innocent of the charge. The Binch, however, found them both guilty, and committed them for trial on the 17th inst. THE PENALTV TOR CAUSING BUSH-FIRES.— A case dealt with at tbe Gundagai police court a few days since may well serve as a warning to persons guilty of carelessness in regard to fires lighted by them in open air. A man named Alfred John Hastings was charged with wilfully setting fire to a grass paddock owned by William Wil liams of South Gundagai, on the evening previous. The evidence of Mr. Sydney Craine, of Snowball Creek, was to the effect tbat prisoner was in Mr. Williams's paddock, which adjoins a camping reserve, between U and 7 o'clock on Friday evening ; witness was having tea at tbe time* vhcD his brother-in-law cried out " lire :" and on going out he saw prisoner standing by tbe fire, which was spreading fast; prisoner did not attempt to put it out, but went and sat on a log. Messr?. William Fuller and Joseph Craine saw the fire break out, tbe prisoner being alongside. All the witnesses helped to put the fire out, which was successfully accomplished before much damage was done. Prisoner, who is A cattle drover, and WBB in charge of cattle at the time, was fined £50 or two months' imprisonment THK PlLl-ERINGS AT THE RAILWAY STATION. —In consequence of repeated complaints from local consignees touching the manner in which consignments of confectionery had been tampered with before delivery, a watch waB set by the rail way authorities, and several prosecutious instituted. In the case of a poiter named ltobins, the proceedings resulted on Tuesday last in a conviction on two distinct charges ol larceny. In the one case evidence was brought to show that the accused had taken some lollies out of a tin in the goods-shed, and in the other a witness deposed to having seen thr defendant till his pockets from a case of ginger nuts consigned to a (Jorowalirm. Mr. L'hauncv appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Emerson lor the defence ; and after several adjournments, judgment was delivered on Tuesday last, when tho police magistrate found both offences proved, and sentenced the defendant to a fortnight's imprisonment in each case, the two sentences to be concurrent. A report of the case will be found in the police court proc :edings elsewhere. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the firsc time in this issue :— 100 acres of land for sale at Yackandandah ; tun for sale on Upper Murray; tenders invited for additions to Wodonga post-ofiice; cow found ; horse lost; tenders for works in Wodonga shire ; Mr. Boyle sells Mis. Pettiford's stock at Moorwatha on Tuesday ; Mr. Boyle sells cattle at Moorwatha on Tuesday ; Messrs. Pig jin sell Corowa Brewery on Mondav ; Messrs. Piggin sell farm near Kutherglen on 2nd April; Mr. Whitehead sells Howlong raco booths on Wednesday; meeting of Towong Turf Club on 22nd ; claims against late Thos. Tweedie muBt be sent in ; Mr. Steel sells pianos, furniture, and sundries to-day ; Mr. A. Cass, fruiterer ; paddock near Wodonga to let; Messrs. W. G. King and Co. sell railway bridge plant in April; Mr. Strickland Bells s ock at Middle Indigo on 11th March; Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co. sell fat stock on Wednesday; B. Gibson aud Co. sell stole cUtle at Wodonga on Friday next; Mewr«. C. L. Griffith and Co. sell horses on 19 h March ; Messrs. C. h. Griflith and Co. «ell fat stock 19th March j Messrs. C. L. Griflith and CJ. have butchering business for Dale ; Mr J Crisp has taken the Advance Australia Hotel • biarding-house business for sa'e; concert at Wodonga 4th April ; sports at Brookonu Lister Monday. NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Lambton is in fearful straits for want of water. The total rainfall in Bourke in 18S3 was 10'2in.; this year SI points. The National Hotel at Deniliquin was completely destroyed by fire list week. The drought has broken up at Blackall. Various storms are reported from Coonamble. Goulburn atockowners declarc that the drought is the worst experienced lor JO years, Wagga people arc askiug lor a new gaol. There cau be uo doubt that it is greatly waul ed. The Rev. Win. Wlatycr, Congregational minister at Kedlorn, died on Friday, Mr. Annus Cameron has discovered that the late Government did not encourage immigration. Full tanks are reported from Nymsgee and Booroomugga. Where has the water come from? Owing to the continued drought the Bungendore annual races are to be abandoned this year. A fire at a station in the Wagga district has just consumed 4000 acres of grass and a mile oi fencing. A boy of 15 was drawn into a rolling machine at Newcastle, which broke both arms and legs. Death occurred soon after. At Carcoar a young man named John Flood received injuries at a threshing machine, which caused his death next day. A Newcastle correspondent 6peaks of the " indescribable misery occasioned in his district by the want of water." Great regret is expressed in all quarters at the loss of Dr. Badham. His last hours were perfectly calm and painless. A telegram has been received to the effect that a man named Harry Edwards died 40 miles out back of Cunnamulla. The condition of the Bogan district is summed up thus : " The whole country stinks with dead and rotten animals. The Sydney city engineer reports that the water in No. 4 dam at Botany—the largest of the series—is entirely consumed. A telegram from Walgett staies that S000 head of cattle are lying dead in the Namoi River between Walgett and Pillaga. The stock returuB for the Wagga district show that there are in the district 1,534,825 sheep, 10,244 cattle, and 310G horses. The Australian Eleven were entertained last week at a ball in Brisbane, at which his Excellency and Lady Musgrave were present. The Pan- Presbyterian Council meets in Belfast in June next. New South Wales sends the Rev. James Cosh as her representative. Five tenders were leceived for the construction of two million permanent-way spikes. We needn't rush for ad valorem duties yet. H.M.S. Miranda has returned to Port Jackson after an absence of nearly two months, during which time she has been at Hobart. The public school in Wagga is to bo closed for two weeks owing to the outbreak of scarlet fever and other sickness among the children. Mr. W. C. Piguenit, of Hunter's Hill, has gained a gold medal at the Calcutta Exhibition for his oil paintings. A well-deserved honor. The application for change of venue for the trial of the prisoners Burton and Keep, charged with murder by poison at Maitlaud, was refused. The Young people are divided on the question ol the railway goods-shed—whether it shall go to the western or the eastern end of the town. Among the passengers leaving lur Sun Francisco by the Pacific mail steamship Zealandia was Judge Dowling, of the Metropolitan District Court. Mr. John Osborne, who recently resigned his position as a Wesleyan minister, has commenced Evangelical services at the Protestant Hall, Sydney. There are now 50 miners working on Nackie Nackie Creek, near Mount Adrah. Some are on payable gold. Gold was found in the vicinity 22 years ago. A boy named Coleman, while crossing tbe public school ground at Ballina on the 16th ult., was bitten by a snake, and died at sunrise next morning. The Hon. John Robertson's daughter was married on the 28tli ult. to Baron Maclay. The wedding was private, at the residence of the bride's parents. The total mineral area in this colony in which Mr. Thomas Garrett appears- to be interested, either by himself or with others, is said to 68,890 acres. Mr. E. L. Sach's property at the corner of George and Margaret streets, Sydney, has been purchased by tbe Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria, for ,£43,000. Dr. Badham's death was in keeping with his calm and intellectual life. Almost his last act was to send a farewell in Latin to hiB friend ' Professor Cobet, of Leyden. The Colonial Secretary has instructed the Immigration Office to stop receiving deposits iibr payment towards the passage of immigrants .Jrom England to the colony. \- Sir Hemy Parkes haB been lecturing at Glasgow upon New South Wales. It is not difficult to imagine the glowing description he gave of tbe colony he has governed. A large number of immigrants who arrived in New South Wales by the Peterborough and Stirlingshire have obtained employment at good wages in the country districts. A licensed victuallers' asBociatiou has been formed in Bourke. Drink shanties and prostitutes abound in the town. Sixteen sly-grog shops are known to exist in the town. A demonstration took place on Monday to celebrate the free opening ot the Murrumbidgce bridge, which has tor the last score of years been in the bands of private individuals. The New South Wales Wealth aud In dustrial Exhibition has been definitely fixed for December next, and will be held in the Exhibition-building, Prince Alfred Park. The Kastcr encauipmeut has been fixed for the period betweeu the lltb and l(jth April. The artillery and torpedo corps will assemble at Middle Head, and the others at Windsor. The Brisbane Gourkr is to be prosecuted by the Queensland Attorney-General for libelling the Government. Tbe motion was only carried by 20 to 13. Mr. Griffith may burn his fingers. A telegram has been received by the Department of Mines from Mr. Henderson, at Branxton, to the effect that a seam dt. lin. thick has been discovered on the Beaconsfield estate. The following are the men finally selected to row in the intercolonial eight, viz.:—Gaden, Johnson, Seale, Martin, Pickering, Bourke, Walker, Webster, with Robertson as emergency, The Government have awarded £25 to the railway-guard Wat6on for the courageous assistance rendered to Constable Hodgkinson, who was shot by the prisoner Dineen in the train. Mr. M'Elhone abuses the Government for proposing to tax the "poor man's" tea, and, with true consistency, in the same breath abuses them for not taxing the poor man's sugar. The larrikins of Waratah are making matters lively for the police magistrate who resides there, and he has threatened, so it is alleged, to employ desperate remedies to be even with them. Twelve Chinamen from Vegetable Creek were stopped at Stanthorpe by the collector of customs for being without Queensland certificates, and were compelled to pay the poll-tax. There has been a fearful storm in Fiji. The Colonial Sugar Company have lost three puntloads of machinery juBt taken from the Cairngorm. The town of Bau, the native capital, suffered severely. Mr. Abbott says some of the present sheep inspectors know nothing of the diseasesof sheep. He intends in future to appoint no one to the poBt who has not passed an examination proving hie qualifications. A smart shock of earthquake was felt last week at Braidwood, some of the houses being shaken. It was also feltat Queanbeyan, where it was accompanied by a rumbling noise which lasted three seconds. The father of a child boarded out from the Sydney Benevolent A«ylum was found to be earning £2 10s. to £3 a week. There are many such fathers who could be found if energy enough could be displayed. The Sydney cabinetmakers are going straight for a 25 per cent, ai valorem duty on imported furniture. That would mean an increase of 20 per cent, upon the price of all furniture. Who buys the furniture > Everybody. There is a rumor alloat in connection with Mr. Reid's defeat Ibat a country member is prepared to vacalo his seat in favor of the Minister for Education, whose personal popularity in the district in question is undoubted. The trial survey of a railway from Muswcllbrook to Merriwa has been temporarily abandoned on account of (he abseucc of water on the route of survey. ) t cuu be proceeded with again after tbe drought in that district has broken up. At Wauganui, N.Z, a clergyman came across a conversation lozenge with an inscription suggestive of immorality, and he communicated with the police respecting the manufacturer. They were found to be importations from Scotland. The sawmill proprietors at Maryborough, Queensland, owing to the large importations in the colony of timber, have held a meeting to petition the Government to put an import duty on sawn and dressed American and New Zealand pine. The Minister for Mines (Hon. J. P. Abbott) has received a message from Mr. Gower, the P.M. of Wilcannia, now at Silverton and Thackaringa, to say that hiB report upon the water supply at the latter places will be forwarded at once. The inhabitants of Broughton Vale have, by a considerable majority, decided in favour of an increase in the number of publichouses in their municipality. And yet temperance orators of a pronounced type abound in their neighbourhood: A country journal thus describes the course of a road : " It goes 07er Tinpot Flat, though Terrible Vale, over Deadman's Creek, down Murdering Gully and stops at One-eye Range." Cannot the Government alter these atrocious names of places ? The New South Wales Fresh Food and Ice Company, Limited, formerly established by the late T. S. More, have recently erected anew ice machine on an experimental scale and a new principle, which turns out about one and a hall ton of ice per day. A young married woman named Margaret Bennet waa killed on the 28th ull. at Padding- ton, whilst washing clothes in her yard, close to the wall of the house which waB being pulled down, when a number of large stones fell upon her and crushed her to death. One of the crew of the ship Samoa, which passed the scene of the Java earthquakes, writes that his ship for two days " ploughed through masses of dead bodies, hundrede and hundreds striking the ship on both sides, groups of 50 to 100 all packed together." A case of scarlatina was discovered on boaTd the immigrant shit) Stirlingshire when she was hauling alongside "Dalton's wharf on Friday. The patient, who is a child of tender age, together with several families, were sent to quarantine, aud the ship berthed at the wharf. On the night of the 28tb ult. the General Post Office in Sydney was lit throughout with the electric light, Mr. Kingsbury, the contractor, having completed his arrangements and formally handed over to the Government. The experiment when tested was a complete success. Law and equity : A Grafton publican was summoned last week for assaulting a man who had called his wife an (adjective) liar. The worthy P.M. dismissed the charge, with the remark, " You would have been no man if you had not knocked down a man who called your wife a liar." A serious accident, fortunately unattended with loss of life, occurred recently at Mr. Cram's flour-mills, Young. Owing to a large quantity of wheat being stored in a bin next the side of the building, the wall gave way, falling outwards, and scattering tons of grain and brickwork. Fires have been burning around Canowindra during the past week. The Bangaroo station property, owned by Mr. Hamilton Osborne, has suffered considerably. Mr. Thomas Callam, of Chaucer, is also a heavy loser. Water is very scarce, the townspeople having to sink in the bed of the river for it. The following is the return of the number of visitors for the month of February to the National Art Gallery, Sydney :—Number of week-day visitors, 22,477 ; number of Sunday visitors, 9665 ; total for the month, 32,142 ; average attendance on week-days, S99; average attendance on Sundays, 2414. A man was found nearly dead from thirst on Messrs. Horsley and Leslie's Gunningbland run. He was supplied with water, and put on the road leading to the head station, but managed to again lose his way. Search was made, and he was found in a half-silly condi* tiou and taken to the home station. Dr. O'Dwyer, the new surgeon at Gundagai hospital, has been arrested for threatening to stab tbe man who was engaged to watch him. He was brought up and ordered to find sureties to keep the peace ; and the magistrates issued an order prohibiting publicans from serving the doctor with drink for twelve months. A woman named Campbell, the wile of the ;ardener of the Hon. S. W. Griffith, threw aerself and little child into the river at Bris- Sbe was rescued, but the child was drowned. Mis. Campbell came out of the lunatic asylum three months ago. She is believed to be insane again, and is now in the reception-house. Another tale of adventure on a raft. Captain Schutt, wife, children, and five of the crew of the schooner Yarra were wrecked in the Indian Ocean on the 15th January, and made their way on a raft to Browse Island, daughter was born to the captain cu route, and strange to say, both mother and child are now well and strong. The Wesleyan missionary schooner "John Hunt," Captain MarLin, whilst on her return voyage from New Britain, missed stays, and weut ashore off Vana Point. She soon after tilled, aud the captain and crew, together with 14 passengers on board, abandoned her. They were picked up by tbe schooner Susie, and brought on to Lcvuka. Entire satisfaction is felt in the Carcoar diatrict at the action of tbe Government in causing the destruction of 200 American sheep on H. G. Lomax's run. It was done in the iresence of Inspectors Willews and West. )uring the burning process two men only were allowed in the 1500-acre paddock where the infected animals were. In the Assembly last week Mr. Abbott, in answer to Mr. Day for Mr. Lyne, said that no charge was made for quarantining sheep, but the owners of tbe sheep had to pay the following charges :—Keep of sheep in quarantine, £716 8s j dressing, £24 15s ; transport, £16 2s. C1; veterinary attendance (blindness of sheep), £18—total, £775 5s. 6d. The proper sort of penalty. At Gundagai a cattle-drover has been fined £50 or two months for tbe " careless use of fire." He had accidentally set fire to a paddock that might have done much damage had it not been checked at the outset. When the homestead and stackBand implements are burnt, it's no use to say, " I didn't intend to do it" In reply to a deputation the Minister for Mines said he intended this Bession to introduce a bill dealing with scab in sheep, and was strongly in favor of the deputation's suggestion to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into the cause ot the introduction of the disease ; meanwhile he would continue to take every possible measure to prevent its spread. Mr. T. D. M'Kay, who arrived in Sydney on the ,17th January as representative of the Great Burlington Railway route from San Francisco to New York, leaves for the United States by the Zealandia. He is so much gratified with the reception he has mot with both in Sidney and in Melbourne that it is probable he will at no distant date return to the colony. One of those elegant arts which contribute so largely to the beautifying of homes has jut taken root in Sydney. We refer to "acid etching" upon glass, which Mr. RichardBon, of 41, Sussex-street, has recently introduced into his business. The art is no new one, having been long practised in England and other countries; but it is an entirely new process in Sydney. From a paper laid upon the table of-the Legislative Assembly recently, it appears that the cost of construction' of the railway liue from Gunnedah to Narrabri, via Boggabri, in. eluding buildings, &c.;, was £309,153 3s. 3d. Three locomotives were employed, the cost oi which was £7040 3s. 2d. Fire passenger carriages were used on this line, and their cost amounted to £2382. William Rice, for shootiDg James Griffin at Surry Hills, Sydney, has been committed for trial for wilful murder. Rice only a lew weeks ago deposited £300 in tbe bank, but quickly drew it out at the rate of £30, £40, and £80 at a time. He was very well known to the police, and had been, when a youth, on board the Vemon. The evidence went to show that Rice committed the deed through jealousy. A novel kind of vessel, Baid to be specially suited for the Manly Beach and North Shore ferry traffic, has been patented by Mr. W, Coppin, of London, and Mr. James Alexander, of Sydney. It is a three-hulled vessel, the hulls being of narrow beam, the two outer ones longer than the central one, and the whole decked over and combined as one vessel. The centre hull is provided with a propeller at either end. It is now stated authoritatively in the New South Wales Police Gazelle ot the 27th ult, that "from careful and exhaustive inquiries made by the police of Victoria and New South Wales, there are strong reasons for concluding that Robert Francis Burns, recently executed in Victoria for the murder of Michael Quinlivan, was the murderer of the man whose headless body was found on a reserve near Wagga Wagga on 26th August, 1879." Seven hundred and seventy rams from the Errowangbang station, near Carcoar, have been most carefully and thoroughly dipped. They were considered the most doubtful lot that came from the locality of the scabby sheep. 30,000 sheep have ,to be dipped. Marsh and Tapp's saleyards at Carcoar, the railway yards at Blayney, and another lot of sheep have been burned under the supervision of the various inspectors. The Oriental Gold Company's premises in Geoige-street, Sydney, was broken into, and a quantity of jewellery and watches stolen. The thieves were evidently deceived by the appearance of the goods, which look 'like genuine gold and gems, but which are in reality nothing of the kind ; and their chagrin at finding that they have risked their liberty for a tenn of years only to acquire a quantity of pinchbeck, crystal, and colored paste, must have been intense. Patent laws in America and in Australaia are entirely different things. It costs about £6 to patent an invention in the whole of the United States, and the legal formalities are generally effected in two or three days. An American inventor who came over here to patent a fire escape in all the colonies, discovered that to accomplish his purpose he would have to pay into the several patent offices £170. He has therefore given up his intention, end returned to America. Under the Licensing Act (says the S. it. Herald) publicans are allowed to sell liquors on Good Friday and Christmas Day, but are precluded from permitting such liquors to be consumed on the premises. Since the Act came into force a good many publicans have got over the legal difficulty by inducing their customers to go outside and drink their refreshment on the pavement, trusting to their honesty to return the glasses. The magistrates, however, considering this only an evasion of the law, stated a case for the opinion of the Full Court, which quashed the conviction. Mr. Dalley, in the Legislative Council last week, introduced a bill to amend the Matrimonial Causes Act, which was also read the first time. The measure is intended to provide for securing such a number of jurymen as will enable divorce causes to be tried by a jury, as the recent judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of Horwitz v. Horwiiz has rendered under the present law trial by jury practically impossible. It alao contains some other provisions which it iB believed experience of the administration of the present Act has rendered necessary. An accident, which terminated fatally, occurred to one of Chiarini's circus men at Cootsmundra. Alter the performance a man named Henry Hardy, better known as "Soottie," was with others assisting in taking down the tents, when one of the guys of a quarter-pole broke, causing the pole to strike Hardy on the side of the head. The unfortunate man, who was stunned, did not regain consciousness, and died in a few minutes. He had been with the company about two weeks, being engaged 'as one of the wardrobe hands just prior to their leaving Sydney. From a return laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly it appears that the quantity ol land alienated by New South Wales is 36,105,744 acres. The amount is made up as follows :—Area within municipalities, 1,163,529 acres; suburban and town land not within municipalities, 100,000 acres; country laud not within municipalities, 34,824,254 acres. A memorandum appended I to the return s^ys, however, "that these fi most notbe hddlo. be strictly accurate, owing, to the fact that in the early days of the. colony no record appears 'to have Men kept of 'the various kinds of land alienated. Twelve very beautiful medallions for the decoration of the Goulburn cathedral Save' lost been modelled by Mr. A* Beere,-sculptor, 16 Went worth-court, Sydney, and are now. being cut in Oamaru stone; Eleven of them represent scenes in the life of Jesus Christ, commencing with the Nativity and ending with the Ascension, and tbe/twelfth.shows the. return of the prodigal son.^They are '2ft. in diameter, aficl&e; figures, which Are toldly' 6ibi' : designed and w&lgrouped;, are, modelled in high relief. These jnedallions will be'a lasting proof 'of Mr. "Beere's talent, and will be a striking embellishment to the interior of the Goulburn cathedral. Mr. Buchanan made a funny proposal in the Assembly last week for the settlement of personal grievances between members. He proposed that a committee of three hon. members-be appointed to take evidence of all grievances oi hon. members against each ather. If.that-committee thought that the member complaining had goou grounds lor his complaint, they would decide that the offending member must meet him ; that there be a room aet apart for the meeting, and that the meeting take place after the adjournment of the House; that the parties be'placed at 12.paces apart, with pistols, and upon a given signal both should fire. (Laughter.) If no harm was don* it should be in the power of the committee either to order a second shot or be content with the first. If any one refused to fight be should be branded by a common hangman on the forehead with the, letter V C" to signify " coward," and be expelled from the House, never more to enter it. (Laughter.) This, he thought, would put all members on an equal footing and effectually put a stop to scenes they were now accustomed to. 