PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. BY "THE VAGABOND," IN THE "ARGUS," AROUND HARRIETVILLE. Harrietville has daily communication with Melbourne via Bright and Myrtleford by Crawford and Co coaches,but there is only a tri-weekly mail taken by another conveyance.Why the post-bag cannot be carried daily is one of the mysteries of departmental administration But as all letters and papers for the hotel are brought from Bright by Crawford's driver, I read my Argus at 8 o'clock every night, and am happy. The Harrietville bag is not a very heavy one. The post-office at present is at Mr Jone's store, which forms a lounge and meeting-place for the boys and girls whilst the letters are being sorted. But a new building to serve as post and telegraph offices has just been completed, and will shortly be occupied. This and the police station are owned by a private individual, and rent is paid for both, whilst a few yards further on there is a paddock, a Government reserve, on which all the public buildings could have been erected. Besides the space occupied as as business premises the new building possesses four rooms, a kitchen and a servant's bedroom outside, and a good gar- den.All this I understand, is for the requirements of the young lady operator, who is to be sent from Melbourne or ap- pointed from a nearer quarter.This forthcoming advent of this new post- mistress is causing great commotion and curiosity in Harrietville.It is rumored. that extensive orders have been given for new clothes by the bachelor miners. The church which the young lady attends will receive an accession of worshippers. There is no doubt that she, if good-look- Ing, will take the cake here, and will have the monotony of her existence pleasantly varied in sorting and appraising the claims of her lovers. Some of the softer sex here grumble, and say they cannot see the need of new postal arrangements ; Jones always did the work and satisfied them. A woman will be too curious respecting the letters she sorts ! The extensive pre- parations for the accommodation of a a single girl do seem rather absurd, but an operator is wanted. The completion of the telegraph wires here will be a great convenience in the forthcoming summer, where visitors to the Alps should telegraph to Mr Allen, that they may not find them- selves without accommodation on their arrival. In Harrietville there are many types miner to he met with, from the younger ones working in the Deep Lead to the wealthy owners of such claims as the Tindle dee Addle-dee. Of the boys employed in the Deep Lend, an especial word of praise is due to a lad who keeps and is the sole support of his parents. Welsh has not been thrust upon the the owners of the opulent claims. They have had to work for their position. The knowledge of go of the-theory and practice of prospecting has been their power. One of the hardy pioneers explained to me how he searched for a reef. In conse- sequence of the stoppage of the Oriental Bank in which he had some thousands, he was about again to prospect the hills in a few days His outfit consists of a large bag in which he places several smaller ones ; a wash-pan and a shovel. Armed with these, he will walk around the foot of a a hill,digging a little here, and there, and and marking from where the earth was taken on the outside of the bags. Having ob- tained as much as he can carry, he will go to the nearest creek and carefully wash for gold. If he finds the color or a specimen in any of the dirt he knows the spot from whence it comes. He will re- tern there, and patiently trace the water- shed to the reef, out of which the gold found below was washed, and there start a tunnel. If the reef proves rich it results in a mine, and the world wonders how it happens that Jem is always lucky ! The Tiddle-dee Addle-dee mine was found in this manner . The Deep Lead mine is in the centre of Harrietville. It is the only one held by shareholders outside the district. The shaft is at present sunk 185 ft. The motive-power here is from a big water-wheel, 30ft. in diameter. Not many men are at work, but it is hoped when the reef is struck that it will, through the employment of many hands, add to the prosperity of Harrietville, and counter- balance the stoppage of the Shamrock claim. This latter, which belongs to Mr Wallace, is far up in the hill-side along the valley of the right-hand fork of the Ovens. There are steam quartz-mills here, but, having been worked for a longtime un- profitably, all are now abandoned. From Harrietville it is a charming walk upon a bright winter's morning to the quartz-crushing and sand mills of the Tiddle-dee Addle-dee Gold-mining Com- pany. Steep hills lie on either side, clothed in verdant foliage. Beneath runs the right-hand branch of the Ovens. As the stream noisily winds its tangled way in and amongst fallen timber, patches of cleared ground are seen at the bends made by it's erratic turnings. These are old alluvial diggings, worked out many years ago by the Chinese who in the old days swarmed here. As we walk along a path cut out of the hill-side we can see beneath us three Celestials, who, clad in woollen blouses discoloured with red mud, are prospecting, pans in hand. On the road to the mine there is a Chinese settlement. The houses are all huddled together, as if for warmth, in the characteristic style of this Asiatie race. The joss-house is the most imposing building in the place. It is ormented in the usual style, and, as In the city joss-houses, the door is always open, free to the curious or religious way- farer. Just past this, one Tung On an- nounces to the public that he is licensed to sell spirits. We interview Tung. He is dressed in white duck trousers and dark grey coat, in which he looks quite a swell. As we enter the store his wife, a good- looking English woman, attempts to evade us. She is carrying, with the aid of the Irish spouse of another Chinaman (Tungs partner), a basket full of house- hold linen. Both these women were married with all due observance of the rites of the church. They have been blessed with children, who are sturdy; youngsters. For a place like Harrietville, Tong's store is of a respectable size. One wonders where the trade comes from, but, of course, Tung commands all the Chinese custom along the creek, I rather like Tung, but I do not drink with him. Tung follows not the fashion of his country within the precincts ot his home. His pigtail is rolled tightly about his head ; perhaps married life has taught him the wisdom of this. Tung, it is said, paid his father-in-law one hundred pounds for permitting him to marry the treasure he now possesses. How many married men would gladly leap to the other extreme, On the opposite side to Tung's store is a nice weatherboard house, his private resi- dence.In a field a near it are several sheep, whose white fleeces are relieved by the presence of the proverbial black one. They are lying down around an old stump, upon which a laughing jackass is perched, contemplating the scene with the philo- sophic air of his tribe. The little picture is thoroughly Australian. Beyond the field we catch a glimpse of snowy heights and the ravines of the Razorback between Feathertop and Mount Hotham. Pursuing the track we cross a rustic bridge, from which a large green frog hops with a croak into a bed of ferns of a dainty leaf and delicate hue. The water which dances down the hill beneath this bridge has been an old race, but time and vegetation have; almost effaced the traces of the miner's work. From amongst some wattle trees: around it, now threatening every day to burst with ripe bud into golden blossom, there flies affrighted across our path a pale blue bird, which utters a noise sounding like Qui vive I Qui vive ! Then comes the sharp crack, loud as a pistol shot, of a whip. A man is driving a horse, behind which four thick logs.skid along the greasy ground. The sharp ascents here and there try the mettle of the animal, As we stand talking to the driver wo can hear the distant stamp ing of the mill. After a two-miles walk we reach the spot. The mill is built upon the hilll-side. It has two revolving bat teries — one constantly crushing for. the mine, the other for the public. Above the mill is a long tramway, with an incline of 6in. in every foot. Down this the quartz is run from the mine into the battery. The mine is several hundred yards along the ridge of the hill on the other side, opposite the crushing- mills. The gold is treated by quicksilver. After the powdered quartz has left the crushing- machines it is carried along by rapid races down the hill to the sand- mills, where there are two Wheeler's pans at work. The pans are driven by an overshot waterwheel 3ft. wide and 18ft. in diameter, with an estimated power of 10 horses. The quartz at present obtained from the Tiddle-de-Addle-dee, the engineer tells us, is very poor. The mine has been opened four years, during which period it has pro- duced over 1726oz. of gold. Some distance beyond this mine the Jackass claim has recently been opened with good results. While pegging out the ground a laughing jackass set up its discordant laughter ; hence tlie name of the mine. It remains to be seen if this was a bird of good omen. In Harrietville Mr Wraith shows me many curiosities found in the neighbor hood. Stones of various shapes and hues ; petrified wood, and ironstone with the fossil impressions of leaves. A miner dig- ging in the mountains found a native canoe some feet beneath. It was perfect in every respect, and of great value as a natural curiosity. The laziness which is born within us all caused this man, with miles of timber around him, to burn the canoe in a fire wherewith to boil a billy. In the many stones that I am shown, I can trace the progress of the different ages in this mountanious country. This spear- head was of the epoch of the hunter, that axe of the warrior. Strolling along the diverted course of the left-hand branch of the Ovens, I tread on nothing save stones, some beautifully marked with colored bands of red, brown and black, and all smoothed by the action of the waters. It was in these creeks that the aborigines found their tools. Many flint stones which I see need hut little fashioning to render them into spear points and axe heads. But these are not all the relics of Harrietville. A few of the old topers still exist, who prove the legend of high times and heavy drinking. The old men will tell you that in the early days they generally drank fair. For my part, I think the men of the present gene- ration here do not in this respect disgrace their ancestors. A shabby hut is pointed out to me in which a man had suffered from the effects of many drinks, and was strong. He had been on a drinking bout for a few days, and had at last reached his home. He lay down upon his stretcher and tried — but in vain — to sleep. There was something upon his mind — some evil influence at work. Ris- ing in despair from his bed he felt in his pockets, in the hope of finding the cause of his unrest. He drew forth a shilling. "This is the thing which prevents me from sleeping !" and he opened his window, and threw the coin far away into the night. Another tale is told of the same man when sober. He lived in the bed of the creek, from whence he could see the. road cut in the side of the hill leading to the Tiddle-dee Addle-dee claim. The sight of a brandy-bottle held aloft from that distance was enough to bring him. to the road as fast as .legs could carry him. A miner one evening passing by saw the veteran sitting at his door. A bottle was waved in the air, which brought the old man with his accustomed speed to the track. The miner handed him the bottle, and he drank. Suddenly he turned pale, and asked in terrified tones, " My — ! What's that ?" The digger laughed, and told him " Water." The grand old man gave a sigh of relief as he said, " I thought it was poison !" With such tales do the elders of Harriet- ville pass the evenings. They mostly have the tan of the health-giving inclemencies of the weather on their cheeks, and are strong and sturdy in limb. This popula- tion altogether is very free from sickness. This, however is not surprising, consider- ing the pure air and good water which abounds here. In 16 years the births have numbered 221, while the deaths have been 62. The latter are mostly infants. Of the number who have not died from in- fantile diseases, the deaths have been caused solely by dynamite, gunpowder or suicide. The cemetery consequently con- tains few graves, and will supply the wants of the neighborhood for many years to come. The most notable grave near Harriet- ville is that of the first man who died here. It contains the mortal remains of Jim Waddle. Bushfires time after time have raged all round it, but it has been left un touched. Jim was a miner, and met an untimely fate through a dynamite explo- sion. Miners can make very good wages in the ranges. Here, as at Wandiligong, the claims are owned by parties of three and four. The latest return shows that eighty-five men produced 4029oz. of gold, or £189 per man, by three months' work. Of the results of the Chinese labor little can be learned. If " John" is working a particularly good patch, he holds his counsel for fear of a rush ; but old diggers say they make very little by alluvial min- ing along the creeks. All the rich places have been worked out. The only, spot where John attempts anything like skilful mining in the mountains is at the back of Harrietville, where there is a Chinese camp. The giant shadows of evening are creeping down the mountain heights as we start to inspect this. We follow a bridle path around the side of the hill. Glimpses of the town are seen through rustic frames fashioned by fancy from the outlines of the trees. The picture wears a sombre hue, owing to the approach of night Already the fires of the many snug cots peep out a welcome to the home-coming miners. From the marshy ground below the frog croaks his vesper song, while the distant" lowing of cattle faintly floats on the snow-kissed air. Occasionally a rest- less bird flutters among the leaves, or nives sound to some half-drowsy note. The water beneath plays a weird-like melody, and tlie wind stirs the rustling on the trees. Stepping over a clear stream, we can tell, By the smoke which so gracefully curled Above the tall gums, that a cabin was nigh. It is from a primitive house full of Chi- nese, and strange odors. This settlement is remarkable for the manner in which they have irrigated their vegetable beds. In the general kitchen there are five fire- places, at which all the cooking of the camp is done. The Chinese are pre- paring their evening meal as we enter the building. They are squatted before their fires, cutting up meat and peeling pota- toes. They live well. At one end of the shed we see an instance of their ingenuity. A mountain stream has been guided down to the sides of the house, and there sud- denly turned off down the hill to water a patch of turnips. At the angle made by the turning the race is tapped by a piece of bark, forming a spout, which carries a crystal jet straight into the building. The surplus water falls into a tub, from whence it overflows, and is led away by a small gutter info the garden below. Comparatively a new land to the tourist is this. It boasts not of the many traditions and clever ascents which sur- round the history of Mont Blanc or the Matterhorn. But there is one feat which will for ever live in story here. It is the exploit of a well-known Melbourne journalist and his wife, who walked from Harrietville to the crest of Feathertop and back on the same day. The feat was hardly credited till the gentleman pro- duced the slip of paper Mr Patrick Allen had months before Ieft in an empty whisky bottle on the top of the mountain. On this paper was written the following legend :- "There was very good whisky in this bottle once I am sorry for you there is none now." I dare say my confrere was equally sorry. Writing of midsummer here, he says— "Snow has not entirely left the ground. It is still to be found in large patches. Near the summit of ' Baldy' we encounter A mass 20ft. in length and 13ft. wide, and pro- bably 6ft. or 7ft, in depth. It is slowly melting, and a rill of icy cold water trickles from it." Close by the snow beautiful marguerites and other mountain flowers are beginning to show themselves, and it is pointed out to us that although according to the almanac we are in the height of summer, here it is early spring. Whether they have any real summer in these parts is more than doubtful. The sun is shining brightly from a cloudless sky, and the wind is blowing steadily from the north— in the valleys and plains below a hot wind is raging— and yet the ther- mometer at 2 p.m. only shows a tempe- rature of 65deg. The air is cool, dry, elastic anddelicious. . If this 1s the condi- tion of things of a hot wind day in January what must the mountains be like during a winter's gale Low as the temperature is on the mountains, the climate is quite as erratic in Harrietville. It has ranged in one day in January from 31 degrees at 6 a.m. to 156 decrees at 3 p.m. Thus the Italian miners starting from the Cobungra diggings, situated within the snow-line on the other side of the mountains, pass through all the phases of the climate before they reach Harrietville. They rise early, ascend the summits through the bitter cold and then, as they descend to Harrietville, they have the warm rays of the sun pouring down upon them. Miners like these Italians, coming and going to their far- away camps, keep the shopkeepers of the town employed. To buy necessaries and blasting powder they come to Harrietville, in preference to Omeo. While at Harrietville I see three of these Italians— Giacomo, Bernardo, and Batista, otherwise "Long Jim," Bernard, and Baptist, They are splendid specimens of men, even for the Piedmontese, the subalpini — hardy mountaineers, large of limb, broad of chest, with clear, flashing eyes, the. pictures of health, strength, and endurance. It was in the snows of the Pennine Alps they inherited their power to bear severe exposure, and it is this training which enables them to laugh at the winter at Cobungra, which drives so many Brittons shivering down to Harriet- ville. These men of Piedmont have long enjoyed — and Giacomo was a soldier — the reputation of being the best fighting men Italy possessed. Giacomo and Batista bear out the truth of the characters given their countrymen generally. It is that of being spirited, warm-hearted, loyal, frank, industrious, and hospitable. They all offer me a hearty welcome at Cobungra. The English language as spoken by them appears to partake of some of the sweet- ness of sound peculiar to the dialect of Piedmont and Lombardy.These men from the banks of the Lake of Comohardy Swiss, are men of whom William Hep- worth Dixon, wrote when he said " An Italian rustic has often a finer manner than an English earl." The native courtesy of Giacomo and Batista challenges my admiration, so different are they from the rude peasantry of Great Britain. It is these Italians, steady and firm in principle, whom we should wel- come as colonists. Let them mate with the daughters of the land, and they will bring a new element of strength into the future Australian. They are essentially workers, patient in their native villages, where they toil hard for a franc a day ; where they have no rights in the soil ; where everything belongs to the State ; where they cannot pick a stick unless with hard-bought leave and license. Patient and long-suffering, and with homely virtues, are these people of Northern- Italy who fought against Fedeschi, and who shed their blood following Charles Albert and Victor Emanuel. Very different indeed to the macaroni-loving, chorus-singing, lazy and cheating in habitants of Naples, with whom they are fellow citizens in United Italy. But from what Giacomo tells me, and from what I otherwise know, the people are not much better off now than when " Italia was parcelled out neath petty despots' sway." The Hapsburg and Bourbon vultures have flown Italy re-naited as one is beautiful as a poet's ideal, but the taxes are as heavy as before, the burden of life to the poor as wearisome as in the old days.So Giacomo and Batista do not look back to their homes with regret. They are happy here, and do not care a straw for the policies of their Italy. They think Australia the land of lands ; everyone, they say, is so kind to them, an Italian being held to be as good as any man. When the snow is too deep to allow the whole party to mine at Cobungra, some of them come down and take odd jobs of work. They always satisfy their employers, who bear high tes- timony to their abilities and industry, and uphold the sterling qualities of the races of Northern Italy, which even in this century has produced such men as Garibaldi, the unselfish champion of liberty, Bolta, the historian, the poet Silvio Pellico, the orientalist Peyron, and the great as- tronomer Plana. Good Catholics, of course, are Long Jim and his mates, but their eyes glisten.with feeling as they join me in a toast to the memory of Garibaldi. 