GREEN'S COUNTRY. (FROn OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Last Sunday, a farewell sermon was preached here by the Rev. G. Schofield, Wesleyan minister, prior to his departure to Forth district. General regret is ex pressed, and good Wishes for himself and family follow him to his now sphere of labours. Monday was quite a gala day, being the day fixed for the "tea-fight" and bazaar in aid of organ fund (Wesleyan). By mid day a goodly muster (about 250) had gathered in the grounds adjoining the chapel, many visitors from Northdown, Sassafras, Latrobe, Torquay, and New Ground putting in an appearance. Tea, provided by Mesdames Bramich and Sykes, and the Misses Lamprey (2), was ready at two o'clock, and the slaughter continued till about six, so your readgrs may guess the supplies were ample and toothsome. The bazaar stalls were attended to by Misses Sykes and Robinson, who succeeded in disposing of the whole supply of fancy goods at the usual exhorbitant bazaar figures. The total proceeds, tea and bazaar. amounted to £16 (within a trifle). During afternoon and evening, the games indulged in on such occasions were well patronised, a sewing machine was shot for (proceeds to organ fund), and all dispersed about 8 p.m., after a day's thorough enjoyment. . On Tuesday at 7"30, the monthly meet ing of " Blue Ribbonists " was held in the usual place, the president occupying the chair. A varied and interesting pro gramme was rendered by Misses'Sykes and Robinson,. and Messrs. Robinson, Fidler, White, and Bramich. The pieces selected showed evidences of preparation and were all' round good; but I would suggest that a little variety would be much appreciated. I would take this opportunity of thanking those referred to for the pleasure received through past efforts. Our weather, like that of the rest of the island; is rather too dry for most folks. Personally I have no wish for a change, as our roads just now are passable, and the first heavy rain will make moving about rather unpleasant. There is a rumour that Latrobe mer chants do not intend taking delivery of farm produce at the jetty here this season. If such is the case farmers will find it rather hard to cart to Latrobe. Perhaps they might do as Well if they load a few vessels as an experiment straight for Launceston and purchase their supplies in the same market. Latrobe must not fancy itself Tasmania on account of having a bit of railway. The late rain started the grass nicely, and has put an end to bush'fires, an article too numerous to be agreeable lately. I'd best shut off steam now and keep the rest of my remarks for next communica tion. The regatta takes place on Easter Mon day, and promises to be successful. There are a good many entries for the sailing races, which will form the principal item of interest. April10, 