DISASTROUS BUSH-FIRES. rhe most disastrous bush-fire ever known in this district bas been raging for several boung within eeven or eight miles of Tatura, between here end Murchison, on the ran of Mr Jas Winter, who i- at present in America. This flre is a continuation of the one reported two or three days ago, which was supposed to have been got nnder. It appears that on Satrmisy night cr early Sunday morning ft again brolce out as fiercely as ever near Gunn's run, at the Waringa plain, and, with a strong south-west wind, was carried along with alarmiiu rapidity towards Mr Jas. Winter's Dhurringile Estate. Several seiectora who have farms on this run bar. been totally burnt cut of bona* and home, and miles of fencing have been destroyed, while from 30,000 to 40.000 acres of grass and several crops have been consumed. Hundreds of sheep were to be seen dropping down In front of tbe flames. So fierce s was the fire that ft crossed a two-chain road near Dhurtimrile house, notwithstanding thut there were s twenty or thirty men there doikg their utmost to prevent the flames from cr.«sing the road. Toe Hie i'-oow CraKllhiR very tart towwda Xouiamb*. covering a apace of cccntry between three and. four miles wide. About SCO men • tc-H loyed endeavoring to subdue the flames, which, s Sowever, seems Almost an impossibility ds long as < n thu strong winds that has prevailed during the last s few days continues On o.ie occasion a farmhouse i W3s wived by the man bringing all tbe combustible material around it The tire, it Is .aid, ongi- anted i on Weringa Farm owned by Mr O A- Bdmonds of Morooona. iJu*h fln-s hav^ also occurre-i ^e'veriil parts of the Kumurknhdistrict. One farmer had his house burnad do«n, but the fire vran got s nnder: A considerable ju-ntily of fe.iciup h:45 tl o m destroyed near iuton Kear 1 ass a ter s <lflc fire brofee ou. on onday and fanned by a _ J ^d strong wind spread fn oil ulrectiuna, destroying a isv qnantity of fencing una an entire crop of whe.t just reaped. Another di^as^ro^ fi-e occurred near Cootamundra. on Saturday The railway sattlrcs wi^. burning great alo^g-Uie railw.y b c line near Jindalee crossing when a whiriirindcanecd tbe spam to fly Into a wheat fitl.l, ^ud in ten miuntea the whole paddock, conristingof 40 acres, was burned. The fire epreal raptUy <uid c- miinot-d all Sucday afternoon. A 1-rg-' qua -tity of fencing wbs burned, • the total damage bting *r?tim*tt«l at nearly £1,000. An extm-iv* traghfire -has been rAvinx fn the vicinity o* C.^wra sinne esriyea Saturday". b TITTFTA. TUESDAY. n The tmsb-Bra etSll continues to burn between bere •pd Mnrehtson on Mr Winter's Dburringhlle estate, tutU-upam now tolte confined wholly >o this ran, and tbefeimen round about are believed now to &et M( be free from danger- At one time <m Monday there wen folly aOOmen on the groanO. nearly all € i>' whom worked hard to enbdne ft.anr Tbeir efforts after woe time proved highly- ncoaniaL Coonter fiies were made, and wide tracts of countrv were burnt In front cf the main file, Mtbatvbek It- reached the snot there was nothing for r- V j hnHnf. This eeemod to bt the onij way ot llttitii* tbe cwiflagratioB. The town w*s Mite oa Monday, mail? all tbe -inbddanis Mug oat. rendering assistance, in whi-i tfeey wens joined by many persons from other taws, Mad hefanners tor «mM miles ronnd. IliUlUeliasBavbecBbanifor nea3ya tortnlght, aadtfU^nwaabna <3 d >ina further damage cowards MurchiaOB, on Mr .. WinlwVnui Aaaow: KlndatUl omttweatere, which has made the fUmen -travel fOtt. n«bush . -T G-OI , OmJey^ troia £S00 to £S £100 ^aab. Abont twenfcy <>Uieir-I«tBre«!i£7e suffered OaK o r r j t t t , " ! 