BRUIGOLOG. (FROM Or OW O CO- RESPONDEN?T?.) Sept, 22. Great unrprise and indignation is felt here at the carelesness or incompetency of the Avon Shire Council in allowing the Stock yard road, which is our only practic. able way to Dargo, Grant, etc., to ble selected by James ,eeres and blocked up in a most reckless manner. inumbers of people have been subjected to great hardships, wandering in the dark and cold nights among rocks and precipices in search of a road. Mrs M'Gire, from Dargo, after travelling a whole day on horseback with a sick child in her arms that she was taking to the doctor, wandered half the night through a dangerous country. Her anxiety may be guessed when I add that the poor child had a broken arm which was greatly swollen. Our local storekeeper, Mr Kelly, broke his trap, and numbers of other people have come to grief who were led to think they were on the right track. wan. dered in all directions at the risk of getting lost or their limbs broken in those dangerous gorges. The action, or rather inaction, of the Avon Shire Council and .1lr Reeves are qualified in terms of no mean contempt. Energetic steps will immediately be taken to remedy such a nuisance, all access to the country beyond being cut off. This, I fancy, will show the absurdity of having the eastern half of Bria. golong rested in the Avon Shire, who have no interest in it beyond what may serve their ends, and chew their indifference to wards ns by the disgraceful state their por. tion of the road to Briagolong is left in. The local Debating Club did not meet last, Saturday owing to the boisterous state df the weather; it blew quite a gale, and thireatened to rain heavily, but with the ex ception of a slight shower we have not been blessed. It is very aggravating tosee heavy rain clouds go drifting past when water is wanted so bally. "Local Option" will be dealt with next Saturday. Mr C. Hender son, of Muaffra, is to be invited to attend. Here is an opening for the Bind Ribbon movement, A deputation of a aection of the residents left here to-day, to interview" the Minister of Lands for the purpose of getting theRedgum Flat, which is a timber reserve, thrown open forselection in 50-acreblocks, bmtit srikesme that they will not get any satisfaction from Mr Tucker while the Land Bill is pending. Mr W. Forbes is having his engine brought down from the " See-it-out"' battery (it us lent to the company for a'teim which has now expired) for irrigation in hishop plnta. tions, etc. Your Canal League has the sympathy of the people of Bnagolong, and sasass-is hoped for the deputation. A slight shock of earthquake was felthere on Friday night at about half-past 8 o'clock. The concert and ball next Monday should be a success, judging by the interest takenin it by the young people here, and the com mittee are working hard to make itso. The ladies have undertaken to prpride the supper on this occasion, and it will be a most' rerehrche affair. We did not have any rain on Sunday, and the weather to-day has been quite sultry. There are bushfires all around us, and the mountains at night look like the lights of a distant city. 