NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, January 8. The South Australian Juniors were beaten by a team from the Conservative and Ori ental Junior Clubs, the scores being—South Australians 122, combined team 135. For the former Short made 37 and Good 21, and batted well, as did Ironside and Bradley for the Jaifcer, with 20 and 19 respectively. For the visitors Donnell jgot six wickets for 39 runs. The Adelaide team play a combined team from Carthena and Osborne to-morrow. Sir Henry Parkes is expected back in Sydney at the end of March or the beginning of April. Tenders are about to be invited for the con struction of two North Shore steam ferryboats, each of which will be capable of carrying four hundred passengers under cover, and five hundred on deck, and twenty-four ordinary vehicles. The boats will be of very hand some build, 157 feet in length with 52 feet beam, and will be fitted up with all con veniences. The tenders must bo sent in on or before the 19th of February. At the Executive Council meeting Mr. Edwd. Greville was appointed Commissioner of Land Titles, in room of the late Mr. A. W. Scott, and Mr. Nioholas Connelly, J.P., of Carcoar, was appointed a police magistrate and C.P.S., in room of the late Mr. North. Mr. Wyman Brown, J.P. and C.P.S , of Mindle, has been appointed a police magis- trate at Menindie. The heavy sea which prevailed along the coast last night washed up a quantity of wreckage on Bondi Beach, consisting of a large number of cases of dried apples, the cases being marked S.H. and Co. over S., also a quantity of Lone Fisherman brand of cigarettes. The goods appear to be from San Francisco. There are no vessels from that port due or overdue. Forster & Briggs, the contractors for the extension of the Leichardt tramway, com menced operations in Norton-street this morning. Five New Caledonian convict escapees arrived at Newcastle from Sydney to-day, and were placed on board the French warship Cher, for Noumea. The Bteamer Blue Bell collided with the Morpeth last night near Newcastle. The Blue Bell's steering chain snapped, and the for ward plates of the Morpeth were damaged. Mr. Wright, Minister of Works, has under consideration the advisability of causing a single or double line of tram rails to be laid from the corner of Oxford and Liverpool streets along College-street, thence down St. James-road to a point at the rear of the Supreme Court, where a new terminus with suitable waiting-rooms would be established. This plan would relieve the Bridge-street terminus of a considerable amount of traffic and at the same time relieve the Elizabeth street lines between King and Oxford-street, as the whole eastern traffic could be carried on apart from the other lines. The Inspector-General of Police has re ceived the following telegram from Sergeant Church, of Bega, in reference to the man missing near Bermagui:—" Henry Solway left his home near Tilba Tilba, wandered into bush, 28th ultimo. Cobargo and Euro bcdalla police, with numbers of neighbors, searched, and are searching^ but cannot get any trace of him." The coach which left Port Macquarie this morning with the Sydney mails from Kempsey and Port Macquarie, capsized about twelve miles on the other side of Port Macquarie, and went over a cutting. There were four passengers, two of whom, Mrs. McKinnon, wife of a public school teacher of Port Macquarie, and Mr. McKenzie—were killed on the spot,Miss McKinnon had her foot broken, and Mr. McKinnon was severely injured. The driver, John Connery, had his collarbone broken. The mails were sent forward on horseback to Taree. Captain Deany, of the steamer Nemesis, which arrived to-day, reports that when coming along the coast a dense volume of smoke, accompanied by leaves and twigs, were blown from shore, and from Green Cape to Cape St. George there appeared to be an immense bushfire. Next Saturday afternoon at the Theatre Boyal Professor Miller and Mons. Victor will try conclusions in a Greco-Roman wrestling bout for £100. The professor has to throw his opponent five fair falls in one hour's con tinuous wrestling, not including the time allowed for rest. On New Year's Day a bookmaker named Davis was ejected from the St. Leger reserve at Randwick, for plying his vocation in the reserve, not having been approved by the committee, and not wearing a badge supplied by the committee. It appears Davis applied for permission, and offered the fee payable under the 15th by-law of the Australian Jockey Club, but his application was not granted. The committee have now sum moned him for so plying his vocation in violation of the bye - laws, _ the summons being returnable on Friday next. Mr. G. Wallace has been retained for the defence, and a counter-summons has been issued agahiBt the Hon. Jas. White in bis official capacity as chairman of the com mittee of the A. J. Club for knowingly per mitting a part of the Randwick racecourse to be used as a place where persons could receive money by way of wagers contrary to the third section of Act 39, Victoria, No. 28, en titled an Act for the suppression of betting houses. The ship Cambrian Princess, from Barrow for Cooktown, put into Port Jackson to-day owing to the illness of Captain Thos. Owens, the commander. She,will prcbably resume her voyage to-morrow. At a meeting of the New South Wales CricketiDg Association to - night it was unanimously resolved that the patronage of the association should be given to the Aus tralian Eleven for the matches to he played here prior to their departure for England. Arrived — Nemesis, from Melbourne ; Corinna, from Hobart; Coringa, from New York; Firth, from Lisbon; Loch Bredan, from London. Sailed—City of Adelaide, Wendouree,andKoonoowarra,for Melbourne; Hankow, for HoDgkoDg. 