A DISTRICT BRASS BAND. Amongst the gifts and accomplishments which have developed themselves amongst young Australians, music, it is pleasant to be able to say, is one of the most prominent. Whilst the great mass of the people of Germany, Italy and other European nations are essentially musical, the English people — spoaking of Eng land per se, and specially excluding Ire land and Scotland, each of which has a national music of its own — have been notoriously deficient in this respect. We do not mean to say that there are not some grand English airs and a keen and even critical appreciation of good music amongst the masses of mixed ancient Briton, Danish, Saxon and Roman de scent ; bat, it is by no means universal, nor Iirs it sunk into the soul of the people as it has in Continental Europe. We know with what a storm of dissent we shall be met when we give it as our deliberate opinion that if there be a dis tinctive English school at ail of that characteristic class of music of which perhaps Locke was the only great expo nent, and which wo beliovo to be a true expression of the English national charac ter — if there be such a sch a-l at nil, there the pupils are few, and the ousters undisliuguished. We shall, of course, be challenged with such Dames as Balfe, but in the first place, he was an Irishman, and his music is neither English nor Irish, and us certain!' neiihor national nor original. It is — we must say it — a poor mixture of the worst Italian and German schools, dashed, perhaps, with a flavor of Cockaeyism. Wallace was a triflebetter, hnt again, be, we believe, was a Scotchman, and was certainly not an expounder of English sentiment. We, of course, do not mean to say that there are not very many delightful and even grand old English ballads and soa songs, aud any nation might well be proud of such composers as Knight, Maria Hawes and others of recent renown ; but we have no Mozart, no Mendolssohn, no Beethoven, no Bellini, no Rossini, orno Schubert. The same may he said of America, the heroic greatness of that country, as displayed on great emurgsn- cies, being caricatured rather than repre sented by " Yankee Doodle" or " The Star- sparkled Banner." Again, however, we do not wish to be misunderstood. We are qnite aware that as appreciative and critical audiences may be found in London or New York as in Naples or Vienna. What we mean to convey is that the English artisan or the English peasant is not so imbued with the spiritual essence of music as i3 bis continental neighbors. And this brings as back to our subject. For, although, as wa contend, there is a lack of the musical faeulty and r.n almost total absence of creative gei ; i- ; in Eugiand and America, of the fir.;:, quality, at all events Australians do not seem to be deficient. What ever may be the cause, whether it be iu the climate, or has arisen from our system of teaching singing in our schools, we think we perceive in Australia a more general and more discriminating love of music, a more wide-spread deBire to master at least the elements of the art than used to exist at home." Almost every hamlet in Victoria boasts - its philharmonic society, its " nigger minstrels," its glee club or its brass band. In this district alone, we can count them by the doz9n, and, consider ing the difficulties to be contended with, the proficiency of some of the bands is surprising as it is gratifying. In fact the skill and progress of the brass bands who have been under instruction by Mr Hartmann is in certain instances amaz ing. That a number of young fellows for instance, who, but a few years ago knew not a note of music, should be able so soon to play as well as the Wangaratta band can, is highly suggestive ana en couraging, and although they all labor un der the disadvantage that they frequently lose their best members just as they are becoming skilful performers, other bands have made, or are making, equal progress. We instance the Wangaratta band, because, altogether we think ihey have been the most assi duous ia practice, the most fortunate in keeping the greater pait of their original members, and that, accordingly, their performance is the most striking example of what may be achieved with the ma terial we possess. Nor is it a mere shallow knowledge they have attained. We heard them the other day, under Mr Haetmann's leadership, play a popular air very fairly on first trial, and quite cleverly at second sight. This is by no means a despicable achievement for amateurs. In thinking over this highly satisfactory state of things, that by s selection of the best players out of the Beechworth, Wangaratta, Banalla, Al bury, Wodonga, Corowa, Myrtleford and other bands of this district, we could put one together which would be second to none, except absolnte professionals, and be at the same time a source of credit and enjoyment of. the highest kind. There are, of course, impediments in the way of carrying out this, as well as every other desirable undertaking ; but we do not think they are insurmountable. The practice of pieces, intended to be played by the picked body, in each band sepa rately, would bring the performers into that state that they could be quickly brought into accord, when assembled together. We are certain, also, that, in order to perfect such an idea, employees would be indulgent and the public liberal. We confess we should much like to see — and we believe the idea to be . quite practicable— a Nortb-Eastern Bra-s Band, worthy of the district from which it would take its name. The Mail. — The P. and 0. Oo'sR.M.S. Mirzapore, with the mails from India, China aud Europe, will reach Hebsou's Bay early this (Saturday) morning. - 1 Embezzlement by a Government Official. — H. F. St. John Scurr, of die Albury Laud Office, aud lately acting ag clerk of petty sessions and land officer at Urana, New South Wales, was arrested on Wednesday by Senior Constable Simcocks, at the residence af Mr Skerry, about a mile from Cbiltern, and charged with stealing monies the property of Her Majesty ihe Queen, at Urana. Prisoner was remanded to Urana on Thursday by Mr John Strickland, J.P. Mail Contracts. — The Brat batch of tenders in connection with the triennial in land mail services of Victoria was opened by the acting deputy postmaster- general and other officers of the department on Tuesday last. There wore 151 distinct services called for, chiefly in tho Eastern and North-Eastern districts, and for these services S70 tenders were sent in. After examination the whole of the tenders were deferred for analysts and further consider ation, says tho "Argus." Tenders for 170 services in the middle districts will be opened on the 18th iust., and tho third, fourth and fifth batches will bo opened some time during the next two or three months. Altogether there are between 800 and 000 distinct services called for every three years in connection with the Postal department, and it usually takes several months to thorougly analyse the whole of the tenders sent in. Beechworth Volunteer Fire - bri gade. — The monthly meeting of this brigade was held in the Town Hall on Friday evening. Foreman Gilchrist occu pied the chair, and there wore twenty- two firemen present. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The secretary reported that he had made satisfactory arrangements for the accom modation of the brigade whilst in Geelong. A. letter was received front the Coroiva Brigade, thanking the brigade for the courtesy shown them while iu Beechworth on Boxing Day. The secretary reported that the recent canvass of the town for subscriptions had resulted in £34 7s (id being collected. A vote of thanks was passed to Secretary Moore aud Lieutenant Cunningham for having conducted the the canvass for subscriptions, also a vote of thanks to the persons who had sub scribed. Mr W. B. Porritt was elected an honorary member of the brigade. Accounts amounting to £17 13s 9>1 were passed for payment. There being three vacancies for membership, the following were proposed :— \V. Harnett, \V. Skid more, Payne, Black well and H. Cathru. Tile sum of £3 was voted to tho secretary, for petty cash at Geelong, and the meeting adjourned. Land Selections. — Albury Land Office — Ralph C. Splatt, 40a., Woontargatna ; Fredrick Ohye, 50a, Jingellic E.ist ; Niels Larsen, 400a., Burra. Corowa Land Office — William Quade, 370a., Warragu- bogra ; Mary Jv. M' Mahon, 2S0. , Benjan. Mr. W. H. Foster, P.M. — Our Cbil tern correspondent writes : — A general expression of regret, seemed to pervade the residents of this towhship when it became known that Friday was the last day that Mr Foster, P.M., would adjudicate in Cbiltern. For the last five years our worthy P.M. has given general satisfac tion to all parties, whether plaintiff or defendant, by his impartial decisions on the Bench, at Chiltorn, Rutherglen and Wahgunyah. The regret at parting from a gentleman who has gained tho good opinion of all, by his genial and urbane manner, both on aud oif the Bench, would be considerably toned down if it were known that after a period of 31 years' service, his labors were to be lightened. But this is not the case. Mr Foster has now to do all the heavy work, in travelling the mountainous country and outlying districts ; while his successor, Mr McCor- : mick, a gentlemsn of only two years' service, has to adjudicate at townships contiguous to the railway line. It is to be hoped that the Government will take Mr Foster's long and valuable services into consideration ; as it is a well-known fact that " it is the last straw that breaks camel's back." Mr Foster will still sit tho xt Wodonga once a mouth. A Journalists' Quarrel. — At the Mansfield race-meeting on Thursday the manager of the " Free Press" insulted the editor of the " Guardian" by striking him with a whip. The two parties have for some time past kept up a newspaper warefare through the columns of their respective papers, and the case above mentioned will pro bably bu brought before the police court. Tender Accepted, — The Railways Com missioners on Thursday accepted the ten der of P. Adams for the construction of portion of the Wodonga and Murray rail way, for the stttu of £2801 18s 6d. Concert at Rutherglen. — A concert is to be given in the Town Hall, Ruther glen, oil Thursday, 10th April, for the purpose of raising funds to erect a sub stantial fence in front of the Rutherglen State-school, the present fence being in a very dilapidated conditiou. Last season the local board of advice purchased and planted some very valuable trees — elms, firs, &c.;, in the school reserve ; but it being found, after planting, that the fence was insufficient to keep the goats from injuring the young trees, application was made by the board of advice to the Education Department, either to repair the old fence or erect a new one in front of the school. Nothing, however, w;»3 done, the reply being that the department regretted that it could not undertake to erect a fence at present. It is- to be hoped that the forthcoming concert will bo successful, ana that the necessary funds will bo raised for the erection of the fence so much needed. Accident to a Constable. — When returning from the Mansfield racecourse to the police station or, Thursday, Constable Sheridan had his leg brokeD through being thrown from hi3 horse, on the animal shying. The Y.R.C. Races. —The V.R.C, Autumn Meeting was continued on Thursday. The Hurdle Racs was won by Yately. The Broker won the Sires' Produce Stakes. Tho Corinthian Cnp was won by Don Quixote. The Jockey was second, and Boisterous third. Seventeen horses started for the Australian Cup, which Morpeth, the favorite, won easily. Sweet William was second, and Le Grand third. Time, 4m. 32$s. The Steeplechase was wo" by Lizette ; and the Bourko Han dicap by Soldier Boy. Poisonous Fish. — Several Russian writers have of late been drawing attention to the fact that the Japanese seas harbor various species of fish which are poisonous. Dr Sawtsehereks even suggests that ships going to these waters ought to be provided with descriptions of these suspected fish, of which twelve varieties would appear to be long to Tetroden, T. inermis, the Japanese " Kanatnka," being reported as especially venomous. According to Dr Guldrew, one Japanese fish, known as Fuka, Is so poisonous .that death follows almost in stantaneously after eating only a moderate- sized bit of the flesh. The Japanese are forbidden by law to eat this fish, but it is nevertheless not nnfrequently the cause of i death among the lower classes, wh'c believe -it to be possessed of certain marvellous properties, on account of which they risk the danger of being poisoned. Fire in a Railway-carriage. — A narrow escape from tire ocuurred on Thursday ia the train which ar rives at Benalla about G o'clock p.m. from Wodonga. When approaching the latter station, Guard O'Neill, from his look-out, observed smoke issuing from the roof of one of the carriages. He imme diately stopped the train, and put out the blaze, which was caused by a lamp burst ing. The Fire-brigades' Demonstration. — The annual United Fire-brigades Demons tration takes place at Geelong during the coming week. The two Beechworth bri gades, tho selected teams in connection with which have been during the past mouth practising steadily and .doing some very smarc work, leave for Geelong by first train on Monday morning ; the old brigade being represented by thirty men and their brass band, and the new corps by twenty firemen, ' accompanied by the Aibury Band of twenty- five per formers. St. Joseph's Church. — A Missa Cantata will be celebrated in St. Joseph's Church, Beechworth, to-morrow (Sunday). Farmer's Mass will be rendered by the choir ; the soljs being given by Mrs Cleary, Miss Carew, and Miss Molloy ; (contralto), Mr Taylor (Wangaratta), and Mr T. J. O'Connor (tenor), and Mr O'Sulliraa (bass.) The well known efficiency of St. Joseph's choir is a sufficient guarantee that thi3 beautiful and favorite mass will be done justice to. The Hurdle flat Mail Contracts. — ' Mr John Hambleton, of Hurdle Flat addresses the following letter to the t: Argus" : — With your favor I take the liberty of directing the attention of the Po3tniaster-Genaral to my having at Hurdle Fait on the 9th ult. a communica tion en behalf of the i'lh-ti-i'-ants of Hurdle Flat, intimating i - : v "iveni- enco would be prom-- mail wonld arrive abont two i>. . - > , ami tho departures be about m . - ; that no inconvenience wi-u. ., . tLcied — if Hurdle Flat were inciuJed in the contract " Beechworth to Hillsboro" via Stanley, instead of, as at pr— unit, being let separately — " Stanley to iitirdje Elat." The time for the deposit of for the above sendees having expired without even an acknowledgment of initio, I am, to use a eaut phrase, sorely exercised in mind as to whether this arises from the slow moving nature of our postal machinery, from want of official courtesy, from proper representations only being received from M R. "a, or from the miscarriage of mine, consequently I shall forbear further comment until I obtain more light. Hopgrowino Notes. — Picking is now being actively proceeded with at all tho gardens in the vicinity of Bairnsdale, and from what can be gathered there are by no means an over-supply of hands, says the "Advertiser." It is calculated that the whole of the crops will not be gathered before the end of the month, although, as some gardens will finisb early, there will be an extra number of hands to assist at those plantations which may be backward. Advices from Tasmania state that picking has hardly commenced, but as the red spider has appeared, some growers are picking before tl;e hops are quite ripe. Arrangements for the shipment of a portion of the crop to London are complete. Bush-fires on the Mitta Mitta. — Our Corryong correspondent, writing on Tuesday, 4th inst., states : — A terrible bush-fire has been raging on the Mitta- matate Range since Thursday night last. It originated through the burning of some stubble, Ac. , on Mr Hayes's land. The fire caught the grass, and very soon an immense area was burnt, and all attempts to stop its progress, as yet, have proved ineffectual. Men have been out night and day since Saturday last, and at time of writing it is raging almost as strongly as ever, and it is likely to burn till rain comes, a3 the wiHd i3 rising very much. It is nearly time now that the absurdity of burning stubble, Ac. , this hot weather was stopped, as this is not the only instance in the district of great damage being dono through such means. A fire broke out on Mr A. Hamilton's land on Saturday afternoon, probably through sparks from the fire on the Mittamatatel Mining Meeting.— The first half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Pioneer Hydraulic Gold-mining Company, Mitta Junction, was held at the office of the company, 99 Collins-street west, Mel bourne, on Friday, 29th ult. There was a good attendance, about 15,000 shares being represented. Mr E. Ahrenfeld was voted to the chair. The directors' report showed that, although the severe weather ex perienced some time ago had somewhat retarded tho cutting of the race, everything was going en in a satisfactory manner! The race had been cut to tho leases at No. 2 face, known as the Ovens, a distance of 3G miles, which, with the length of race taken over from the original proprietors, made a distance of about nine miles from when' the right-hand branch of Snowj- Creek was tapped. From the Ovens to No. 3 claim at the junction was a further dis tance of 41 miles, and this had been commenced. The mining manasier, Mr Paul, who was present, said that he would endeavor to have everything ready to the Ovens, where some fluming, Ac., had to be constructed, within the next month, and he hoped to start, aluicing within a week Or two after the arrival of the steam hydraulic purapa. The contractors for the engine and pumps promise to have them finished hy the ei:a of March, si) that a commence ment oi sluicing should he made some time iu April. The sum of £1000 placed to the credit of the company was not yet ex hausted, although-about two-thirds of the amount of the c miravt for machinery was paid i'iie report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. AN UNFAITHFUL HUSBAND..— Our Al- bury correspondent on Thursday writes :— What seems to be a cruel case of wife desertion was presented to the public on Wednesday, when a young woman, accom- panied by two children of tender age came to Albury from Tungamah, in search of her husband, a native of Beechworth, who she had heard was not so true as he ought to have been, as there was another lady in the case. As good luck would have it, the poor wife stopped at the same hotel where the lady who had robbed her of her husband's affections was also staying.. As they were known to each other, a scene was expected ; but it only resulted in the young lady from Wangaratta saying, " I don't believe you are married to him ; anyhow, I am going to get married to him in a fort- night, unless you produce your marriage lines." It appears that this nice young lady from Wangaratta, who could insult a married women in this way, has been following the young husband about for some time, and he told his wife when they met yesterday that he could not get rid of her. So presuming is this young lady, that when the husband and wife took a room at another hotel, so as not to have the benefit of her company, she actually left the hotel she was staying at and went dewn and hired a room next door to the one the man and his wife had engaged. Unless this daughter of Eve returns home from Albury to her parents in Wanga- ratta, I shall give her name and the true facts of the case to the public. 