Telegraphic. Colonial and Intercolonial« (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT) NEW SOUTH WALES. Friday. .January 4. The results of the recent departmental inquiry into the alleged defective shipment of coal at the Newcastle hydraulic cranes are beginning to show themselves, although nothing authoritative has been announced so far. A water- table and a coal stage are to be erected shortly in the Bul look Island dyke yard, for replenishing the shunting engines, and thus obviating the neces sity of having to leave the yard and proceed to Hamilton, as heretofore, for that purpose. Following are the annual statistics of the port :-The intercolonial and foreign export on coal from Newcastle for 1883 amounted to 1,359,005 tons, being 278,459 tons in excess of the total for 1882. This does not include coal put on board coasting vessels. The opening of the new direct trade with England by Messrs.. Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co., and: Messrs. Alexander Brown and Co., has resulted in the shipment of 32,943 bales of wool, 24 casks of tallow, and 100 tons of copper. The Customs revenue for 1883 was as follows:-Chinese tax, £100$ .tonnaga. rates, £7096 ls 2d; harbour and light rates* 4491% 6B J duty, £61,463 2s 2d ; pilotage, £12,324 8s 8d; harbour removal dues, £1948 15s j total, £87,844 12s-being £11,044 19s 5d more than the previous year. : ; . Several squatters from Liverpool Plains are in Armidale, looking for grass for their stock. There is an abundance of grass in the district, although the late hot weather has dried it np somewhat." > The contractor for the new telegraph office here ' is quite prepared to start the work as soon as the Government makes arrangements :for the ope rators to vacate the present building, which has to be pulled down. There is no sign, however, of * any alteration being made in.the existing arrange ments. An elderly man named Charles Miller, recently * employed as shepherd. at Lyndhurst, about 60 miles from Armidale,.was thrown from his horse) on Christmas Day, and had his apiñé injured. He was sent in a cart to the Armidale H ospital, but before he reached, the town he expired. , At tho inquest a verdict was returned in accordance with the facts. . . . . Sàturdayi January. 6. Heenan, the well-known Sydney sailors' agent was fined £20 with costs at Newcastle for having crimped seamen from the French: barque Les Intimes last month. The alternative was-3 months'imprisonment. Mr. Brunker, M.L.A. for East Maitland, who has solicited from the Commissioner for Bail ways a reduction in the price charged; for carry ing starving Btock, has received the'following reply :-" Starving stock will be, conveyed from Narrabri at 20 per cent, reduotion, on the. produc tion of a certificate from the Stock Inspector that they are' coming from where there ÍB np feed, and going to aplace where it'is to be found.'*. * Harvest work is proceeding at a' rapid rate all over the Bathurst district. Crops, are better than was expected. The use of Btring binders ' is" general. The number of farm labourers employed is less than ever before known in Bathurst. Thia has greatly affected the business of tho.butchers and storekeepers. ' 1 . A woman named Mary Anne Cowan waa arreatéd-f br having stolen £45 from the pörson pi James Gravesend war sentenced1 to* six months' 1 imprisonment in the Bathurst giiol." \\.. ' \ " ' 'Monday, January 7. Yesterday was the hottest day recorded iaBourkt for the last three years. The Government ther mometer registered 120deg, but in some places it ' ?vas as high as 126deg. The country is in a wretched condition, and stock are dying in all, quarters. There has been great mortality »mong infants in consequence of the heat and the accompanying exhaustion. A fire occurred on Mr. Inglis's, farm, near (Vagga on Saturday afternoon. A quantity >f hay which had been stacked was burned, The ire is supposed to have been oaused by a spark 'com a threshing engine. A spark from the .jail train ignited the grass in one of the pad docks of Mr.- Hays in North Wagga, on Saturday evening. A humber of men who were present extinguished the flames after nearly two acres of wheat had been destroyed." At Bathurst a girl named Emily Abigail made * determined attempt to commit suicide by browning herself in the Macquarie River. She was found in an insensible state by Benior-con stable Morris and constable Drummond, and removed to the hospital. She ia expected to recover in a few days. About. 3^ p.m. yesterday, ia large bush fire * tarted about three miles westward from Coolah. As the wind was blowing from the same direc tion, the townspeople ¡felt rather uneasy, and feared that the! flame would extend to . the town. I'his morning a number of . persons started to check the fire. The heat at Nyngan yesterday was. quite un bearable. The thermometer registered in the fchjade 123deg. . Burning winds and clouds of dust have been blowing all- day. ' V , . Mrs. True, wife of Samuel True,',one of the oldest residents of Gundagai, died rather suddenly ou.Sunday* .... - -, *._,,.< , y ,.. ,.... A large, fire has occurred, at Cotway,, near Gobaratong, Messrs. Carberry haye lost beayily. The squatters ali round are watching' their ruins -night.and dày.Y . , K V . i i, j:' ¡ Yesterday a fire occurred at the, residence of Mr Sells, Gundagai, through the foul state of his chimney. The whole of the outbuildings were destroyed.. Mr. Sells lost heavily.The property is owned by Mr Archibald S.Smith. The main building was saved owing to the efforts of a body of volunteers, under Mr. Richard Walton, of the firm of Messrs. M. Walker and Co, and too much credit cannot be given to these for the manner in which they worked in saving the main building. Tho quarter sessions were opened to-day at Gundagai, IJ S. W.s Woodward, 'for forgery, was-sentenced to five years'- imprisonment. Fos ter, for horaestealing, .was discharged, owing to the prosecutor being unable to attend in conse quence of detention by a bush fire. The weather'at'Coonamble is intensely hot and disagreeable. Yesterday the thermometer iegistered'l20deg in the shade. Birds dropped dead'from the trees! ' To-day ib is lOSdeg. Mrs. Parsons, an old and much respected resii dent of Coonamble,; died1 last night at her resi dence, Tonie. ' ?? ? .: ?> . , - OT!;,rK>!.,if>, v ; Tuesday, January 8. The- Hunter River Farmer's Association held itsi ánnuál raeeting^at Largs yesterday. Mr. Brunker; M.L;A.> and others addressed the meet ing,- and - a ^satisfactory report was presented to the* members; ^ Sunday ? is considered to have been the hottest day experienced in Maitland for the last 30 years. The thermometer registered .from 112ito 114deg in., thja shade,-, and from 140 to. 147 deg m¡ the sun. ; Bushfires were raging, in many parts of .the district during the day. . v The barque Island City, Captain- Matthews, from Lyttèlton, arrived at Newcastle yesterday.' She reports having in lat. 83.55'S,, long. 161.43 E;, spoken the American whaling barque, Robert Morrison, of Edgérton, Captain Mossher, 44^ months from America. ; >Shé had' 1800 barrels of oil aboard. ; . A' cowardly and unprovoked assault was com mitted at ' Parramatta on Edward Howell, a member.- of * the Fire - Brigade, by a man named John Denmead. '? The'latter threw a stone at the firemen while on their engine, and struck Howell a óeveré blow ; on the temple. Howell immediately fell down insensible. 1 Some of the mén'instántly jumped off the engine and gave chase to Denmead and caught him. On Monday he was brought before the police court and fined ¿10,'with «£1 16s costs ; the alternative being three months'imprisonment, - 1 The weather continues very hot at Singleton. Disastrous bush fires -occurred ? during Sunday1 and Monday. Messrs. Fawcett, McDougall, and Cunnen are reported to have loBt heavily. The Rev.''John Dixon; ofthe Anglican Church, has been presented With a purse of. ¿E140 by a few friends. Hewill leàvë shortly for "aí three'mohths'' 'oar through ^Tasmanian 'for th'e'benefit of his health. He; : is' suffering '' from. ' ah: attack of paralysis. - ' ." . '; .;'. *":"' 'The present drought is likely to' íead to- disas trous, results, unless, rain comes, at Grafton. Nothlrig';Iess than *a ' water famine is, imminent. The heat;-yesterday\ was intenso. The ther mometer registered .114deg in the shade. r TMB morning the glass stood at 90dèg in the shade. / 'Sevè ""V cases of sunstroke. ( are reported. Thomas^Soud,. the pedestrian-, is among . tao vic tims.'-' :/ , .. .."...'.-. ?. \ "Bush ères, are'raging; in the vicinity of. Graf ton; and liave caused thè, town to be . enveloped in smoke., Yesterday .evening .a , severe . dust storm passed^yer/the town. , East night rain was ,ex pe«tedi.b^tlas,yét there are no signs of any. The crops hjave suffered to an alarming extent. .. ' t . j ^À lar'gë bush fire Occurred near Wagga on . the western side of the line,, between Harewood, and Junee Junction, , The/fire raged- for - hours, and cou\td_beí'see¿ frbm a great,distance. .. ' ',-.' ; , îâ... [disorderly..public, meeting twas < held last light at .Gundagai; -in reference to the, .'proposal o give a.^ahquet "to*''Mr'.-Bruce Ömith, M.L.A. fnô' meeting was convened at the/ instance'' pf Mr. Bruce ,Smith!s , supporters^ w^pV in order to mak¿ ^sjjàùQupi.à pabilo -one, got'the progress oo'm¿xttee .-j&'calij'j£éej^gr'y.Only onie..or. two .ne'nibers of the progress ,'^n^ij^era^na^d^'^d, * he meeting brokeYup/in""á^^'most"disorderly mán uer. Jbëtèrai^seemlydisturbances, took, place. j Hb banquet was agreed upon, but it waa resolved j that Mr. Bruce Smith (through, the progress com i mittee) should be instructed to ask the Govern ment to set the town clock going. Mr. Smith's friends thereupon, in disgust, adjourned to a pri vate room and agreed to entertain him upon his arrival. "Wednesday, January 9. Bush fires are raging all round Singleton. Mr. M'DougaB's house at the Pinnacle has been de stroyed. Great damage has been done to the Hambleton Hill property. Incendiarism is sus pected. Travelling is rendered dangerous on account of the falling trees It is reported, here that Mr. R. Pitcairn, barrister-at-law, will succeed Judge Forbes as judge pf the south-western district. A great bush fire occurred at Big Ben, near Gundagai, to-day. Much damage was done to the wheat crops, «fcc. Crowds bf people from all parts assisted in extinguishing it. Mr. Gree, jun., so far, has lost 1500"bushels of wheat. The fire is now going toward Cookaroo, but if the wind con tinues as at present, no further damage will be done. The patients of Dr. Marshall are about to present him with a silver claret jug. , Thursday. January 10. ; A man named W. M'üJwen died at the Paterson on Wednesday, at thb advanced age of 103 years. At the Tamworth Sessions, on Thursday, before Judge Murray, Thomas'Flynn, a: young man, was sentenced to* two years'hard labour for having stolen a 'watch, and chain from a tipsy man at some country sports. The prisoner was formerly .a Vernon boy. . W. F.,Thprpe was convicted of ' having, stolen á horse, saddle, and bridle. He ! was/criirieless hp to the committal bf this'theft, ' for which he was not morally responsible, having been drinkincr hard. . On this ground the jury re commendbd'hixn ,to mercy. The judge said that under thé new Act the minimum sentence is three years'-hard labour,' but1 if * the prisoner petitioned he (the judge) would support the petition; ~áB 1 the" circumstances ' of the case warranted a.lighter, sentence. Judges .under the ,new Act were unable to mete out justice. Reuben Matthews; for having ' stolen money from the tThames Hotel, at Barraba, wai sentenced to two years* imprisonment. 'At noon thé Judge, ; ad dressing Mr.' Fitzbardinge, the Crown Prosecutor, said that they had been martyrs enough for one day to their headinesses. ; He intended to divest himself of his wig, and if the members of the Bar did the same he should not consider them in un dress. Thá Ba* adopted tho suggestion even to their gowns, j A serious, accident occurred at Bun g wall Flat, Myall Lake, yesterday. John Wilson, James Corrigan, Joseph Mayers, and Peter Johnson were raising a. shed, when the stay was carried away and the shed collapsed. .Mayers and Cor riga^ managed to extricate themselves, but Wilson had his ribs broken' and Johnson his hand and feet crushed. . Wilson was brought io thé hbspital, where'he remains insensible. . The appointment of Mr. N. Connelly as police magistrate for Blayney has given general, satisfaction. He' is ' very popular, both as a magistrate and a private gentleman. : y' On Tuesday a fire occurred at Chisholm's Bull's Run, Wagga Wagga, ¿nd destroyed 20Ö acres of grasB'and a quantity pf fencing. The home stead was . saved with, difficulty. The origin of the fire is not known. A new clium named Hart, who lately arrived at Minmi j got lost in the bush lás b Saturday. Search parties were out, and the corpse was recovered to night. , James Walm sley, an old resident of Wallsend, 'was¡ thrown from his horse ! near Cooranbong. . His abdomen was crushed, and some bf his ribs were smashed.' . . . , ' At Albury the drought remains unbroken, and numerous bush fires are reported; Several have been caused by sparks from locomotives on the railway line. ? . A man named J. Anderson was brought up at Albury, under remand from Bairnsdale (Vic), and' charged' with' having.atolen a watch at Albury. . '-.j ^' ?'? Dampier's Dramatic Company finished a highly successful season at Albury,: last night, with "Hamlet." i \ : The following selections were made at Albury to-dáy s-Samuel Bowler, 130 acres, county of Goulburn, parish of Jergyle 5 Commercial Bank ing Co., 4Í3. acres, county1 of - Goulburn,-parish of Mullengandra j Samuel .Ridley, 73 acres, county of Hume, parish of Burrumbuttock. 