TELEGRAPHIC ' DESPATCHES. (from our own correspondent) VICTORIA. Melb 3urne, Monday. Ihe following are the entries for the Australian Cup, to be run in March :— Victores?, j Santa Clans, Stockwell, At tache, MagDe', Astronomer, Merman, Euclid, Cqima, Navigator, Conjecture, Camerine, Agitation, Yergy, Nicholas, Omelette, Wheatm'eKl.Ringwood, Lesbia, Commotion, Hobart, Ferryman, Off Color, Doncaster, Clm.ikster, Guesswork, Coriolaous, Aide-de-CauiD. Pollin. of the Yale, Sardius, Le Grand. The Sydney entries, if any, are not to hand. The entries for the Newmarket Handicap are— Victress, Ringwood, Virago, Chloria, Archduke, Liddington, Claptrap, The Drone, Squireen, Ironhand, Fryingpan, Beeswax, Brimstone, Athena, Merman, Boolka, Cassiopea, Phantom, Chuckater, Duenna, Welcome J ack, Copra, Stationer, Conjecture, Umberto, Kathleen, Malua, Trump Yosh, Couotry Boy, Napper, Pnocfacj "D n t\ Sr - x ogauiui, -dib 1519, JUyons Lady, Too Too, Golden Butterfly, Santa Claus, Egerton; Erictbbneus, Halifax, Precious Stone; Larpent, Pro- methous, Dirk H.dtarick, Mistake, Primus, Linda, Signor, Permit, Little Sister, Euclid, Paiileroo, Pyretts, Haidee of the Hills, Waterloo, StLaw- rence, Hurricane, Olga, Mary, Baasanio, Ishmsel, Ktng'B Head, Carmine, St. John, Liberator, Vergy, Lord Wilton, Lady Beatrice, Middlemarch, Le Grand, Black Diamond, Royal Irishman, Sir Garnet, Isrielite. The Sydney entries. uro not 10 nana. The Minister of Lands, at the instance ' of Mr Langton, has, with a view of pre venting the bushfires, directed fuller notification of the penalty incurred by the careless use of fire. Dr Yonl held au inquest at Hotham to-day ou the body of Sophia Watson, aged twelve years, who was burnt to death at her fathor's house. The jury returned a; yerdict of accidental death, wdh. the. opinion that there should bean enactment to deal with dangerous build- tngs. at present in existence. I:.-. 'ea-ther was very hot this mora- ,-ing..., Ar mid-day the wind changed to ' south,, wi'hVslight showers. ;)J' The steeplechaser Rory O'More was i Mr McKenna for fifty- five guineas. J ' a os to £9 7s 6d ; wheat, 4s 1 i oSk?e' 2s 10d> heaTy New Zea land, 3s 2d. , 