[?] :., £1455 10s. Id. collected on the trams on Boxing Day. Professor Holloway dead. His pills will live for ever. Two clerks to the Victorian Judges receive £1200 and £900 a year. . 100,000 Freemasons pilgrimifiing to the grave of Victor Emmanuel. ? : The clerks of the Railway Department have a growl as to their status and pay. Sontay was a big battle. 6000 of the enemy slain, and 2,000,000 dollarB taken. France reinforcing her fleet in the Pacific. Never mind, so long as it is not the convict fleet. ? Mr. Calx, says there are twice as many licensed \- houses in Melbourne as the people require. , ; An observatory has been started near Adelaide by Mr. Clement Wragge, a well- known astronomer. Kanaka troubles on the Mackay thickening fast. One killed and six wounded in quelling the row. E. J3. Pitman, late officer in the Victorian Postal Department, committed for trial for indecent assault. GrouLBUEN-CooMA railway, as tar as larago, was opened on the 3rd. A trip to Lake Bathurst feasible now. Another man gone out to the dry country in Queensland. His tracks found now; his bones by ,.-. and- by. ; Six horses fell in a heap in the Hurdle Race at . Strathbogie, Victoria. Six jockeys more or less injured. An ex-Deputy Registrar- General of Queensland, who -was sentenced to 10 years in 1878, is to be released. The Bathurst corps beat the Engineers on Saturday at the Rifle Range by 19 points. Weather most unfavourable. The total crushings at Chatters Towers for the month of November were 4288 tons, yielding 8195 ounces of gold. : A tbain carrying its own motive power in the form * 6i stored electricity is a feature of the Melbourne Engineers' Exhibition. Bbig Fairy Rock arrived from Hobart with 4800 . cases of jam. The largest cargo of that sort in one ' ' bottom ever brought to port. Sixteen Supreme Court actions for damages re , fecent railway accident on the racecourse line are coming on. Amounts claimed from £'600 to £2500. : ' The trade of the Cape Colony has fallen off to such an extent that, instead of giving full employment for a fast line of 14 large steamers, six are now found to be ample. Load Caenahvon's article seems to deal with a big question in a bigger fashion ih an any of the others we have read, but annexation of the coast of New Guinea is a weak point. Troublb reported from Victoria. Young nan named Murphy so badly burnt through tumbling into the fire in his hut that he died a few hours afterwards. The cause supposed to be a falling tree. The following is a summary of the population of the counties of Ulster, showing the numerical strength of its three great religious bodies :— Catholics, 833,566 ; Episcopalians* 379,402 ; Presbyterians, 451,629, Perk Hyacinths revisiting America after an interval of 15 years: 'I am still a Catholic, for though I associate much with Anglicans it is only because they are nearest to my ideal of a reformed Catholic Church. In South Australia this year probates and letters of administration have been applied for £1,203,935. The Supreme Court has sat 210 times; 132 convictions ' and 89 acquittals. Insolvencies, 351; assignments, 135. A miserable end. An ex-pensioner of the Royal Artillery, after 11 years' Indian service, arrived in Brisbane recently as an immigrant, and soon afterwards died. Causes, undoubted drinking and probable sun stroke. South Australian staple exports last year £3,525,579 againbt £4,187,840 in 1882. Imports, £6,399,715 against £6,707,788. Total foreign exports, £1,351,525 against £1,170,256. Hardly satisfactory, to say the least. Mil. Mais, Engineer-in-Cbief of South Australia, discovered a cattle-truck wherein each animal can lie down on a long journey and be fed and watered without delay. It does not pay our people to dis cover that sort of thing. A good old Christmas at Armidale. The weather was piercingly cold, rendering heavy clothing and fires necessary. Between Armidale and Glen Innes the driver of the mail bad to plough through about six inches of kail and snow over Ben Lomond. Forty pages ot a fetum on coal, moved for by Mr. Kidd, in 1881, has just made its appearance upon the table of the House. Mr. Kidd is no longer a member, and nobody else cares a straw for the return. Is there no method of checking that waste of printing and money? The Bishop of Lichfield announces to his clergy that he has founded a new clerical order — for what precise purpose does not transpire— to which, ' after /much deliberation and prayer,' he has decided to . give the name of the ' Pastoral Order of the Holy Ghost.' : The total ascertained expenditure of France upon the waT on which she entered with a light heart in Au gust, 1870, is now, declared to T-e £341,440,000. As the war began in August and ended in January, this makes the cost to France of her march to Berlin almost exactly two millions a day. A rumour is published in an English provincial paper that, on the Claimant's release, from Dartmoor on a ticket-of-leave next year, it is proposed' to start him in & public-house, where he is sure to ' draw.' ? It is proposed to have in the public:house a sort of museum of Tichborne relics, and the house is to be called 'The Tichborne Atnis.' A feaef0I, tale of bloodshed brought by the Swedish schooner Natal, just arrived at Moreton Bay from B%ston. Captain and first mate murderously attacked, and second mate, the captain's son, killed by the mutineers. The captain shot two men, including the slayer of his son. The rest of the mutineers are in custody awattsng their trial. Bio fires in Victoria. In Melbourne, on Sunday, Messrs. Inglis and Co.'s .premiBeB, Flinders-street, were completely gutted. Damage, £3000. A large tannery at Footscray, valued at £2500, has also been totally destroyed. At Elmore 120 acres of crops, and at Strathlodden several buildings, burnt through bushfires. A bad wind-up for '83. t How they build hotels in London. The Courts of Justice Central Hotel Company will build a seven etoried edifice, with 250 bed and sitting rooms, in the Strand, nearly opposite the new Law Courts. The total share capital is £250,000, but they do not expect to need more than £100,000— that is to say, an average of £400 for each bed and sitting room. How they build them in Sydney ! — Well, we will talk about it when they begin. During a discussion 'on ' Social Purity,'' at the Exeter Diocesan Conference, Archdeacon Earle ridiculed the taste for ribbon- wearing. A blue ribbon is supposed to denote total abstinence. ' Why, then,' ?asked, the Archdeacon, 'should not a person wear a name-coloured one to show that he professes to speak the truth, or plaster a receipt-stamp over his button hole so that the world may know that he pays his accounts regularly I' Messrs. Moody and Sankey, the American Evan gelists, began their services in November in the tem porary building in Upper-street, Islington. The structure, which is of wood and iron, will accommo date upwards of 5000 persons, and it. can be taken to pieces in a few hours and transported to and erected in any locality which may suggest itself to the American missionaries or their advisers. The Bishop of Liverpool said recently that by far the heaviest blaek cloud in the horizon of the diocese was the fearful spiritual destitution of some of the great overgrown parishes in Liverpool, and ~ it was his deliberate conviction ' that, unless we gird up our loins and do something, the working classes in some of our large overgrown parishes will be loll for ever to the Church of England.' That Church, the bishop went on to say, was in an extremely critical position. 'The tualis expected shortly to come on of the editor of iheTTteBtelndependente, who was recently arrested on a charge of high treason, arising out of a criticism in his ' paper upon a melodrama which was founded, on an in cident in Triestine history. His predecessor is also in prison on a similar charge, and the editing of the journal is at present provisionally in the hands of a member of the corps of commissionaires, no journalist being found willing to undertake so dangerous a post.' The Dean of Bangor has raised a controversy about tea-drinking. Accerding to him, ' Oatmeal and milk produce strong, hearty, good-tempered men and women ; whereas excessive tea-drinking creates a generation of nervous, discontented people, who are for ever complaining of the existing order of the uni verse, scolding their neighbours, and sighing after the impossible. I suspect that overmuch tea-drinLing, by destroying the calmness of the nerves, is acting as a dangerous revolutionary force among us.' The effects of the late William Marwood, the hang man, were sold by auction recently. The cup and saucer which Marwood ordinarily used realised 10s. 6d.; his purse, 2s. ; his walking-stick, 15s. ; his spectacles, 11s.; Gladstone travelling-bag which Marwood carried on circuit, £3 ; a rope, £4 10s. ; an old carpet-bag, 21s. ; a pair of stockings, os ; Sunday neckties, lls. ; his writing-desk, 21s. ; a watch, £4 10s. ; seven old hats, 2s.; a Japanese sword (presented), 45s. ; his dog Nero, 30s. ; a Bible, with autograph, £1 15s. ; and the signboard from off his shop, £1. A man named William Gregg, who was admitted into the hospital on the morning of the 24th instant, suffering from internal injuries caused by a fall, died in the invitation on Saturday evening. Xn infant named James O'Neill died suddenly at its mother's residence, No. 1, lee-street, on Tues day. The deceased had been ailing, and had received medical treatment, but & certificate with regard to the cause of death was refused. The new railway line from Branxholme to Casterton, Victoria, 32 miles, will be opened on the 10th proximo with a banquet. The total excavations amounted to 116,177 cubic yards, and the total embankments to 338,868 cubic yards. There are 32 bridges, the largest having 14 piers 15 feet apart Stations will be formed at Grassdale, Merino, and Mocamboro. At a meeting of the Auckland branoh of the Irish National League, held on December 21, it was unani mously resolved, ' That the sole objects of the branch are to work in harmony with Mr. Parnell'e programme, and that any subject brought forward at future meet ings foreign to the said programme be immediately discountenanced by the chairman as out of order.' An alteration of the practice whioh has hitherto been adopted in the payment of duties on distilled spirits and imported sugar refined in bond has been made by the Colonial Treasurer. Hitherto the duties have been paid into the Treasury, but from to-day they are to be paid into the Custom-house. The object of the alter atien is to simplify the mode of keeping the accounts for statistical porpoBee. . The Wellington correspondent of the New Zealand Herald writes : ' A despatch by the mail states that the Confederation and Annexation Bill, passed by the Legis ture of New Zealand, has been reserved for the signifi cation of her Majesty's pleasure. Her Majesty will not be finally advised to assent to this bill till the result of the recant Conference at Sydney is received.' The tickets and money collected on all the lines of tramway on Boxing Day amounted to £1455 10s. Id., as against £1148 13s. 9d. for Boxing Day of last year, being an increase of £306 16s. 4d. On Boxing Day of 1882 £232 19s. Id. was collected in cash fares, and £915 14s. 8d. in ticket faresw On Wednesday last £344 15s. Id. was collected in cash fares, and £1110 15s. in ticket fares, A deatman named Charles Taylor, died somewhat suddenly in the Reception House, at Darlingtrarat, on Tuesday. The deceased, who waB 29 years of age, and a reoent arrival from Tasmania, was fbnnd in a help less state at Miller's Point by Constable Bobbins on the night of the 30th ultimo. He appeared to be suffering from the effects of drink, and was conveyed to the Reception House for treatment, but expired early the same morning. As the existence of the Technological Museum be comes more generally known, the attendance ot the public increases in number. We have more than once called attention to the importance of this last addition to our educational and scientific institutions, and which is located in a part of the Agricultural shed in the; Domain. A visit, which may be made any afternoon, Sunday or weekday, without cost, will afford gratifica tion as well as instruction. About noon on Tuesday Sub-inspector Lenthall made a clever capture of two alleged burglars named Williams and Saunders whilst they were in the aot of plundering a private residence at Woollahra. The two men were noticed by the neighbours to enter the house during the absence of the inmates. The alarm was given, and Sub-inspector Lenthalljentered the place and succeeded in arresting both men. A number of skeleton keys and a quantity of jewellery were found in their possession, About 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning a man named James Monahan, who was in. charge of the recreation ground at Watson's Bay, drew the attention of a eon stable to* a parcel lying on the ground. When ex amined U was fonnd to contain a female infant which was wrapped in three pieces of calico. The body, which was in an advanced state of decomposition, was enbse* quently removed to the Circular Quay morgue, where it was examined by Dr. Eichler, who was unable to account for the cause of death, H.M.S. Miranda returned to port on Tuesday, after a cruise amongst the South Sea Islands. The most im portant items of interest in her log are the settlement of the tribal war at Pango Pango, Samoa, and the desertion of the schooner Saucy Jack, of Wellington, by her master. The natives of Ambrym, New Hebrides, had threatened to burn ont the Rev. J. Murray, the missionary there, in retaliation for the damage done by H.M.S. Dart during her recent visit ; but when the Miranda left the missionary considered the danger was past Me. Brtce, the Native Minister of New Zealand, held a meeting at Kihikihi with the opposing Ngati hauae. They object (says the Otago Times) to the survey being carried on, and hold by documents signed at the Kuiti meeting in 1881, in which the land whb assigned over to Tawhiao. Mr. Bryce said: 'The paper on which those lands are handed over to Tawhiao is waste paper. My march is onward, and the sooner this is understood the better for the Maoris. I am speaking in your interests. There is no such authority in this county as that put forward. It never existed in my eyes, and does not now.' On the 27th ultimo the Earl of Rosebery was the guest of Sir John Robertson, who had also invited to meet his Lordship a number of distinguished gentlemen, representing various interests and all shades of political opinions. The party met at the Circular Quay and embarked on board the Nea, There was also a larger steamer in attendance, on which a sumptuous lunch was prepared. Among the guests were his Honor the Chief Justice (Sir James Martin), Sir John Hay (President of the Legislative Council), Mr. E. Barton, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Sir Patrick Jennings, and other members of both Houses of Parliament. Nothing definite has yet resulted from the negotia tions which were carried on recently between the Hon. W. J. Trifckett and the Hon. Graham Berry with respect to assimilating the postage rates charged on letters sent by the Orient Company and the P. and O. Company's steamers, but a letter has been addressed to Mr. Berry by Mr. Tricketfc suggesting a middle course, and this, we are informed, will probably be accepted. This new proposal will bring about a uniform rate of postage, and give the public full benefit of the two mail services without any restriction as to charge or even as to marked correspondence, and it will also be advantageous to the revenue of this colony. . We take - the following from the Newcastle Chronicle : — ' A moat cruel outrage was perpetrated on an interesting little girl, aged about ll, ' one day last week. The child was receiving a music lesBon, when, in consequence of making some blunder which irritated her inhuman tutor, he seized his helpless victim savagely by the arm, tore the skin off, pulled handfuls of hair from her head, and illused her in an atrocious manner. The child's system has received such a shock that she has been under medical treatment eince, and it may be months, if not years, before the little one thoroughly recovers. We saw the child a couple of days after, and she was in a most pitiable state from fright and the injuries she had received. On the motion of Mr. W. C. Proctor a return has been laid before Parliament, of correspondence having reference to the refusal of the Police Magistrate at Armidale to permit the reporters of the local papers to inspect the Police Court records at Armidale. The matter at issue is very simple. Mr. Leopold Tates, the new Police Magistrate at Armidale, having taken umbrage at some comments on hit decisions in the local Express, refused to allow the reporter of that journal the courtesy whioh is acoorded at every other police office in the colony, of access to the depositions taken in cases where the reporter has been unable to attend. Correspondence has taken place between the proprietors of the Express aid the Minister for Justice. Mr. Cohen's minute leaves the matter just where it was. We understand that immediately Parliament re assembles after the Christmas recess the Government will proceed with the consideration of the Land Bill in committee, and that this measure will be kept before the House as constantly as possible until the committee have dealt with the whole of the clauses. This may not, however, interfere with the deliveranoe of the Financial Statement, with the preparation of which bit. Dibbs is very busy. The object in getting on as fast as possible with the Land Bill is that it may be sent to the Upper House without delay, and that the Upper House may be considering it while the Government are proceeding in the Assembly with the Civil Service Bill. ThiB bill, therefore, is not likely to be pushed beyond its present stage until the Land Bill has been received in the Council. Between 8 and 9 o'clock Menday night Mr. Smyth tide surveyor of H.M. Customs, caught three of the crew of the P. and O. Company's s.s. Parramatta in the aot of smuggling a quantity of cigars and tobacco. It appears that Mr. Smyth suspected that the Customs was being defrauded by the crew of the vessel referred to, and accordingly set two of the Water Police to watch the ship. The result was that at the time stated three men were observed to., lower two bags over the port bow of the vessel into a boat, and land them at the A. S. N. Company's steps. The bags were there seized by Mr. Smyth, and two of the men given into custody and afterwards lodged in the lockup of the Water Polioe Station. The third man effected his escape. The seizure comprises over 2000 cigars and a quantity of tobacco. The Otago Times reports that on the 19th December a destructive fire occurred in Upper Symonds-street, Auckland, at 1 a,m. Eight houses were destroyed before the fire was arrested, as the block was built on a level, only a little distance below the Kyber PasB reservoir, and a good pressure of water could sot be ob tained.- The fire began at Fotheringham, saddler's ; also caught the premises of Byan, hairdresser ; Young, plumber ; Holloway, chemist ; Derry, bootmaker ; Halliday, fruiterer; and the dwellings of Messrs. De Jongh, Harris, Cavanagh, and Mrs. Plumridge, The total damage exceeds £5000. The insuranoeB are — South British, £1200 (loss £1000, part reinsured); Victoria, £700; Imperial, £600; New Zealand, £312 (loss £200) ; North British, £200 ; Norwich Union, £2000 (loss £50); Standard, £150 ; Phoenix. £100. A few days ago we published a description of some hydro-pneumatic disappearing carriages with shell* proof shields whioh have been ordered by the Govern ment for the harbour batteriesr In addition to these improvements in our means of defence from hostile attack, the Government is obtaining from England three large breech-loading guns and bix Nordenfeldt guns. One of the large guns is an eight-inch listen gun, and the other two 10-inch 25-ton guns. One of them is to be placed on Bear Island, Botany Bay ; and the other two at the Heads. The Nordenfeldt guns are intended for nee at the Heads, so that they may sweep the beach in front of the batteries, and fire on the torpedo boate of an enemy. We are informed that the quantity of ammunition in the colony for the guns of the various batteries is sufficient to meet require* mente. An ordination service was held by the Bishop of Bathurst, at St Andrew's Cathedral on the 29th ult,, when three deacons were ordained priests of the Church of England. The service was com menced with a sermon by the Very Rev. the Vicar General (Dean Cowper, M.A.), who based his remarks on Hebrews xiii, 17, and spoke of the duties of minis ters and people. The following candidates were then presented to the Bishop by the Venerable the Arch deacon of Cumberland and were ordained : — Rev. W, A. Ljeecb, B.A., of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, and curate of the Marrickville Church ; Rev. D. Murphy, of Moore College, Liverpool, and curate of St. Thomas's, North Shore, minister in charge of St. Stephen's, North Willoughby; Rev, Humphrey Fryer, of Moore College, and curate of St. Michael'?, Surry Hills. The authorities of the Post Office have unfortunately not yet been able to discover the thief who recenlty stole the money from the safe in the office for the regis tration of letters, though detectives and other members of the police force have been engaged in the investigation of the robbery ever since it occurred. The officer or clerk in the registry office who lost the missing key of the Bafe, and failed to report the loss to his superior officer, has been suspended and called upon to show cause why he should *not be dis missed for failing to report the loss of the key, or to take any steps towards discontinuing the use of the safe. He has occupied the position of second clerk in the registry of&ce.; The money that vi as stolen amounted in all to about £90, £86 being in cash, and the re mainder consisting of the contents of registered letters, which were opened by the thief, The lock of the safe has since been changed. The passenger traffic on the New South Wales rail ways during Christmas week was very large indeed, and showed a very considerable increase on the traffic at the same period of last year. The increase was particu larly marked on the suburban line?. In Christmas week nearly 210,000 passengers were carried on all the lines. Oa Boxing Day nearly 55,000 persona were carried, being an increase of about 30 per cent, on the traffic returns for the same day of 1882. On other days during last week very large numbers of the passengers were conveyed to far-off country stations, distant between 100 and 150 miles from the city ; the tourist stations were the termini of large numbers, and the Melbourne line returns were very satisfactory. Special trains were run to and from Goulburn, Wallerawang, Bowenfels, and between Capertee and Lithgow and Katoomba, while extra trains were also run to the suburbs, as required. The week before last a very destructive fire occurred at Stroud, Mr. Simon Isaac, of Booral, lost the whole of his buildings and fences, his loss being estimated at £350, besides £70 worth of wool ; and an old man, named Michael -Burke, lost all he possessed except the clothing he was wearing. Mr. Tull had his house burned to the ground, and with difficulty saved his life. Mr. Green, of Stroud, also had his house, barn, 300 bushels maize, a number of pigs and poultry, and a quantity of farming implements destroyed by fire ; and Mr, Charles Hampton, at Sandy Creek, on the Myall-road, lost all his property, even to his dray and plough. The wind blew from the west with great force, and carried the fire into the dead timber, the dry bark being carried fully half a mile on the wind. The poor people on the line of fire had to run to protect their lives, and were unable even to save money and deeds which some of them had in boxes. In Java a preparation of the kernel of the cocoa-nut, known as oil oake, is extensively used for feeding horses, cows, pigs, and poultry. It is made by crushing the kernel and extracting from it the oil, by means of hydraulic pressure. The refuse left after the* extraction of the oil is then pressed into cakes, and is eagerly devoured by cattle, who are said to fatten very rapidly on it. In view of the many complaints of ill-treatment to cattle being conveyed in railway trucks to market in this colony Messrs. Eldred and Go. have made arrangements to supply oil cake to cattle-owners at reasonable rates, the advantages of the cake over maize or other food being that, although highly nutritious, it oan be packed in a very small spaoe, and is a very cheap description of food. The cake comes from a group of islands about 400 miles south-west of Java Head, where the cocoa-nut palm is about the only vegetable growth, and, consequently, the liability to adulteration is almost nil. The Pastoral Times observes :—' The selection, of a resident bishop for the newly created See of Riverina is now an accomplished fact ; and it remains with these interested to undertake the necessary steps towards the establishment of the Cathedral town. It 'is no use for us to await the dictation of those whose acquaintance with thejtdaptability of any of the populated centres of Riverina is gathered from an occasional visit ; and we have every reason to believe that as the selection has been made, in the case of the bishop himself, without consulting the congregations individually, so also will the site of Mb residence be chosen unless efforts are made to override the plans which have already been -provided.. In the cftBe of metropolitan or country bishops generally, the Cathedral town is chosen because of its importance in the matter of popu lation, commerce, and facility of communication com bined, with the outlying portions of the diocese ; and the selection of Goulburn as the Cathedral town of the diocese which includes Riverina is an indication of the contention. A town may be specially fit for the centre of a bishopric by one of the requirements named, It may, for instance, be situated on a railway and in direct communication with the metropolis, or it may possess the largest population, or it may be the centre through which an important commerce passes; but not any of those recommendations is sufficient in itself to justify the selection as the chief city of the diocese and in which the bishop should be located. A combination of all those attributes is indispensable; and in that respect Deniliquin Btands unapproachable in Riverina. As regards population we may take the census of 1881 as the base of our statement.' The benevolent movement initiated by Mr. Quong Tart in the interests of his fellow countrymen with a view to restricting the general consumption of opium is meeting with a large amount of support from the various municipal councils throughout the cslony, and also from a very large number of the leading merchants of this oity. During the past fortnight Mr. Quong Tart has caused to be distributed throughout the colony a large number of petitions, whioh it is intended to present to the Executive Council. Ii the petitions a description is given of the baneful effects of opium, and it is pointed out ' that, in th- event of the introduction of opium into New Soutt Wales being prohibited bj law, there will be very little inducement for its consumers to come to. this colony ; white, on the other hand, Chinese of a superior cla;s. reeognisine that under the altered conditions then presence on these, shores will be more favourably re- garded, will, in all probability, cast in their lot among us.' The residents at Rookwood have been the first tc enter their protest against the proposed increase of tht rates charged to season-ticket holders on the suburban railway line. On the 27th ultimo a meeting wat held in the Eoyal Oak Hotel, Rookwood, Mr. Bt P- Holdsworfch, of the local Progress Committee, occupy ing the chair, and resolutions to the effect that the pro posed increase of the season ticket rates was both un wise and uncalled for, and that the Minister for Works and his colleagues should be requested to reconsider the matter, also that the president of the Eookwood Pro gress Association should be empowered to act in concert with any other meeting or body to represent this ex pression of opinion, were passed. Mr, C. J. Fache made the principal speeoh of the meeting, pointing out how necessary for the health of young and old it was that the overcrowded city should be relieved, and that those engaged in work in the centre of popu* lation should be enabled to secure homes along the line at convenient dietanoee from Sydney, and be conveyed to them at cheap rates. The Fiji Times of the 12th December reports that the schooner Taviuni arrived in port from Yuna, and brought a well- founded report to the effect that Mr. Henry Ilulton, of Taviuni north, had been attacked by one of his Tokolau labourers, who had inflicted on the unfortunate gentleman such serious injuries with his knife that his life was despaired of. On Wednesday night, about 10.30 o'clock, Mr. Hulton heard a row in the Tokolau iabonrers' quarters, and he went down to pacify them. On reaching the house he found one man sharpening his knife with the declared intention of billing his wife. Mr. Hulton interfered to prevent this, and the man then attacked him, Btabbing him four times. The most terrible wounds are in the region of the abdomen, the effect being partially to disembowel the Unfortunate victim. Messengers were at once dispatched to Yuna for the stipendiary magistrate, Mr. Taylor, and for Dr. Pounds. These gentlemen went up, and after seeing his patient Dr. Pounds considered it his duty to acquaint him with his precarious state. Mr. Taylor returned to Yuna, and at the time he left Mr. Hulton was supposed to be breathing his last. Regarding the property tax in New Zealand, the Wellington correspondent of the Otago Times writes on December 18 : — ' Up to last evening the receipts on account of property tax for the current year amounted to £247,000, the whole of which sum was paid in cash during a single fortnight. In addition to this sum, some £8000 or £10,000 is estimated &b; still outstand ing. There is also about £4500 on account of insu rance companies, which is not payable till April next. Among the contributors are several English peers and peeresses, including the Duke of Man chester, the Earl and Countess of Denbigh, Lord Lyttelton' and others. I understand that several abortive attempts have been made by some wealthy property-owners to shuffle partly out of their liabilities. These gentry will, however, find themselves caught up short rather unexpectedly, for being suspeoted as a result of their last year's tricks they have been care fully watched, and will be duly brought to book at an early date. They will be sued for the full penalties, which will be pressed for, and will amount to a very considerable sum. Perhaps this will be a lesson for next year,' While the Hon. J. C. Bray, Chief Secretary of South Australia, was in Sydney engaged in the pro ceedings of the Australasian Convention, he had an interview with the Hon. G-. R. Dibbs, Colonial Trea surer, with reference to the convention which exists between New South Wales and South Australia in regard to dutiable goods passing between the two colonies. Mr. Bray submitted to Mr. Dibbs two pro posals. One of these was for a renewal of the oonven tion on the same terms as 'at present, and the other was for payment by results. The former was not regarded as satisfactory, and the latter, it is considered, would involve this colony in a very intricate oourse of bookkeeping, and would necessitate the employment of a large number of police to estimate the quantity and quality of goods crossing from one colony to the other. On Friday week, therefore, Mr. Dibbs intimated to the Government of South Australia that their proposals were impracticable, and that the Go vernment of New South Wales proposed to collect from the 11th January next on all goods entering New South Wales from South Australia the dutieB ohargeable according to the tariff of this oolony. The wasta of public money incurred in the prepara tion and printing of documents moved for by members of the Legislative Assembly is something marvellous. Here is a case in point. On the 8th December, 1881, Mr. Kidd, then one of the members for Camden, carried a resolution ' that there be laid upon the table of this House copies of all the reports made during the last five years as to trials of coal from coal mines situated on the Great Southern Railway.' It is presumable that there must have been great labour and trouble involved in the collection of these documents, for they were not ready to be laid on the table until the 29th November last, nearly two years after the resolution was move,d, . and during which time the mover has faded (for a time at least) out of public life. The documents have been printed, and they fill up nearly 40 sides ^of foolscap, comprising dates from July, 1877* to Septem ber, 1882, though of what value they are to any person would puzzle the sphinx to eay. The Govern ment Printer facetiously prints 'Is. 6d.' at the bottom of the document, which is supposed to be the. price at which copies are Bold to the public It would be interesting to know, at the end of a year say, whether he has sold a single copy. A serious coach accident is reported by the Bombala Times to have taken place on Saturday,- the 22nd December. Mr. E. Ivill was driving bis coach to Eden, and the passengers at the time were MfsB-Xove, Miss Sherwin, and her brother Mr. Sherwin. It ap pears that the leather came off one of the breaks and Ivill was going to replace it, when Sherwin said it made no difference. A horse was being led next the off-side leader, and when they came to the first fall at Wolumla Peak the break would not hold, and the led horse jumped in front of the leaders, starting the whole lot at full gallop. Ivill did his utmost to arrest them, ? but the coach came in contact with an old tree and. turned twice or three times com pletely over, eventually coming up all right. Mies Lore was seriously hurt, blood flowing from her mouth find nostrils, and the medical man was surprised her neck was not broken ; she iB in a very precarious state at the present time. Miss Sherwin was seriously shaken and bruised ; her brother escaped almost unhurt. When Mr. Joseph Hyde arrived, a few minutes after the aooident, he found the two women lying between two logs, and Ivill standing on the ground stupefied, with a rein clutched ia each hand. After extricating the women, they had to out the timber away to get the coach out According to Mandalay news published in the Rangoon papers, King Theebaw has become a reformed character. Previous experience of King Theebaw has led him to be regarded as a weak young man, given up to indolence and self-indulgence, squandering his revenue in extravagance, and indifferent to the welfare of his subjects. But an alteration has been taking place. After the death, of that monster the Yanoung Prince, the Kinwoon Minghee again came to the front, and has gradually been reasserting his influence, until now he is more powerful than ever he was. With the re-establishment of his asoendanoy the moderated and enlightened men who have always been attached to his party, and who, though not actually banished from Court, have lately had little or no say in the conduct of affairs, are now taking their proper position in the councils of the nation. The king himself has awakened from his lethargy; and has really begun to assert himself as sovereign and ruler, whilst in a corresponding degree the interference and influence of the Queen have decreased. Her recent mistake in presenting her hus band with another daughter instead of the much wiehed-for son and heir, has still further diminished her importance. The Xing now regularly attends and pre sides at the meetings of the Hlootdaw, and appears to have suddenly developed a surprising amount of intelli gence and energy. The following report, under the head of ' A Novel Application,' appears in the Calcutta Press, November 28 : — ' Before G. S. Henderson, Esq., officiating chief presidency magistrate, Mr. N. Salinger applied for re dress against Mr. J. J. Pollard, proprietor of Pollard's Liliputian Opera Company. Applicant stated that defendant had engaged certain girls, who were under age, to play at Australia. This was with the consent of the parents, and the stipulation entered into waa that defendant should not take them out of the Australian colonies. The contract was enteredinto at Melbourne, and after playing at the colonies defendant left Queensland, with his troupe, including the girls, for India, in spite of the remonstrance on the part of the latter, who deolined to accompany him. Mr. Pollard then, it appears, gave them to understand that they could re main back at Queensland, and find their passage to Mel bourne. The girls, haying no money with them, had no other alternative but to accompany the troupe to India. The Court said that it would consider the matter till to- morrow, adding that it could not give applicant much hope. Applicant then asked what was to be done in regard to his girls' traps, whioh were detained by Mr. Pollard. The Court referred that matter to the Civil Court, adding that it would be advisable for applicant to consult the Deputy Commissioner on the subject of the letters re ferred to above.' With reference to the agitation that was got up some little time ago in regard to the wages of railway labourers, resulting in an increase all round, we have obtained some information respecting the wages paid to railway labourers in the colonies of Yictoria, Queens land, South Australia, and New Zealand. In South Australia the greater number of labourers are paid 6s. per day ; in Victoria platelayers are paid 6s. 6d. per day; in Queensland labourers are paid 6s. 6d.; in New Zealand the traffic labourers are paid 6a., and on perma nent way 6s. 6d. per day. In this colony permanent way labourers are paid no less than 7s. 6d. per day, the higher wages paid here representing an additional cost for maintenance from £25 to £85 per mile of line. The day's work in each colony is eight hours. In this, oolony the charges for the carriage of goods are lower than in the other colonies, and they have recently been reduced ; and while the Government reduce the freight charges and increase the wages paid to the workmen, it is not expected that the high percentage of profit that has been paid on our .railways for the last few years will be maintained ; but the railway authorities anticipate that, even with the concessions given, the profit earned will be equal to the amount due as interest on the money borrowed for the construction of our lines, the excess earned previously enabling the Government to grant the indulgences before mentioned to those who use the railway, and to those that work them. A correspondent writes to the Brisbane Courier: — ' Rarely haB there been known such a succession of equatorial winds as has lately swept over Australia from Townsville to Hobart, and as far west as Cooper's Greek ; and when these prevail day after day* night after night, and week after week, without any polar variation, the mischief done is very great. Not only is the heat intense, with no chance of any thunderstorm, but isolated bush fires, spring up, and, spreading east and west, as well as driven southerly, they, in course of time, if the northerly blasts continue, gradually unite ia one vast body of fire, 20 miles or more in frontage in place of only a few hundred yards, and then a degree of heat is engendered which, borne before the northerly blast, is enabled to. overleap all ordinary barriers, suoh as rivers and clear spaces, that would stop an ordinary bush, fire ; and a destruction of property takes place and a stifling heat is evolved which is never paralleled in any usual state of the weather, and where thermometers cease to mark even the heat ' in the shade ' (so called). A break came in Brisbane on Christmas Eve, when the polar wind beat back the equatorial at last, after an innings by the latter that has not been equalled at midsummer since 1850-51, when half the colony of Yictoria was swept by fire, and the burnt leaves and Bmoke clouds travelled, on 6th February, 1851, across Bass's Straits with the aid of a real old-fashioned equatorial gale that, had blown for days, and almost for weeks, before hand.' . . : Mr. Buchanan has introduced a bill into the Legis lative Assembly to provide that contempts of court in certain oases shall hereafter be punished only as indict able offences. The bill enacts that, the following offences shall cease to be punished summarily : — 'Cul- pable neglect of duty, deceit, abuse of the process of the law, any act of oppression, extortion or collusive behaviour, fraud, malpractice, or dishonorable conduct by any officer of the Supreme Court or of any District Court or Court of Quarter Sessions, neglect to attend on hie summons, or refusal to be sworn or to give a ver dict, or any other gross misconduct committed by a juryman or by a witness summoned to any such court; prevarication in his evidenoe, or continued refusal bv any such witness to answer a lawful question; any breach of the peace -or wilful disturbance committed by any person within the precincts, and in the faoe of the Supreme or any District Court or Court of Quarter Sessions ; being drunk and disorderly within the pre cincts of the Supreme or any District Court or Court of Quarter Sessions; publishing' any report or account of a cause pending in .any suoh Court in disobedience of the order of suoh Court, or a Judge thereof, or any writing in the newspapers or spoken words in or out of Court libelling the Judges; or any aot or word, written or spoken, which has' hitherto, or may now be, chargeable as contempt of Court' It is provided, how ever, that the above offenoes shall be misdemeanours, and the offenders shall be subjeotto imprisonment not exceeding two years, or fine not exceeding £500. The San Francisco papers state that there were ar rested in New York city on November 12 three notorious counterfeiters — viz., C. R. Martin, William F. Brokway Watt, and P, Foster. They were oharged with counterfeiting 1000 dollar mortgage bonds of the Central Pacific railway, of California, and Morris and Essex railways, of New York. A large number of un signed bonds and plates for printing them were found in their possession. The spurious bonds were so well execnted that experts were uncertain whioh were genuine and which were counterfeit. C. R. Martin is well known in Sydney and Melbourne. He had visited those cities twice within the last six years. His first visit was with some young horses, and that venture was so successful that two years ago he made . a second with a number of thoroughbred merino sheep, which he dis posed of rapidly to his advantage. While in Australia he became well liked by those he oame in contact with, and before he left Sydney he established business rela tions with several well-known breeders of thoroughbred sheep and cattle for the exchange of choice etook between San Francisco and that city. The first oon signment under Mb arrangement arrived from Sydney on the last steamer, and is now in San Francisco await* ing the result of Martin's examination and trial. Martin and his companions have been indicted by the New York County Fraud Jury and held for trial. In 1875 Martin was indicted for the same offence in New York, but escaped trial on account of important infor mation he gave to the authorities. The hiring of immigrants who arrived by the ships Perisclee and North took place on the 29th ult. at the Immigration Depot, Hyde Park and Fort Macquarie. At the depot only 29 single women offered, for service, while there must have been very nearly 200 applicants in the room who desired to secure domestic servants, and were prepared to pay liberal wages. The supply being quite unequal to the demand, the competition among intending employers was, of course, very keen, and the girls had no diffi culty in obtaining situations at wages ? ranging from 8s. to 15s. per week. The married couples and single men were waiting at Fort Macquarie for engagement, and a fair number were successful. There was an evident desire, however, on the part of many of the single men to remain in or near the metropolis, and one labour agent, who had been commissioned to obtain five farm labourers at £40, a year and rations, failed to get them. The following engagements may be noted: — Married couples: For Marulan, £65 a year; Nevertire, £60; Penrith, £60; Five Dock, £60; Neveftire, £70 ; Narrabri, £75 ; married couple (with daughter), Morpeth, £65. Single men for Morpeth, Bathunt, Orange, Uralla, Warne, Parramatta, and various places in and about Sydney, £28 to £40 per annum, with board and lodging. Those who were proceeding to their friends were despatched to the fol lowing places, namely :— Kentucky (New England), Wollongong, Scone, Hay, Goulburn, Wentworth, Rich mond River, Uralla, Narrabri, Barrabs, Albury, Grafton, Gunning, Ballina, Gunnedah, Kiama, Carathool, and Bourke. 