Richmond River. CASINO, Jawuaey 11. On Sunday last the weather was fearfully hot up to about 4 p.m., -when there were indications of a storm from the westward, but beyond cooling the atmosphere there was no farther outcome from it, and the storm worked away to the northward. Affairs in this respect are now very critical, the pasture everywhere having a dreadfully parched appearance, and bush-fires can be seen ia every direction at night. At the'Lismore Registry Office last quarter there were 93 births. 22 marriages, and 20 deaths registered. The news of the disaster on board the Tomki (s.) caused con sternation, and as some of the consignees are not in the habit of insuring their shipments I expect they will lose considerably. - Last-week a destructive fire took place near jWyrallah, when a building occupied by Mr. A. M'Pherson as a store and dwelling was totally destroyed, very little being saved. The premises were insured for £100, but the stock-in-trade was uninsured. A series of violent deaths and accidents have occurred in this district lately. Two men were drowned in the river, and from the surrounding circumstances there is no doubt both were suicides. A young man named Wilson was thrown from a horse and died in about 86 hours after, never having regained con sciousness. Another young man nearly blew his hand ofl with a precch-loader, but is recovering. A half- caste boy narrowly escaped knocking his brains out by being run against a tree by a horse. The usual quiet life in Casino was disturbed on New Tear's Eve by the local drum and fife band serenading the town, the ringing of church-bells, &c.-;, but the young folk all behaved themselves. The dredge does not appear to be doing any great amount of good at the Heads, for as fast as a channel is cleared it begins to silt up again. Opinion is undivided that the only remedy is to confine the tidal scour, when a dredge would not be required. A fearful tragedy was enacted at Baliina on Wednesday, Mr. N. M*Dougall, manager of the Commercial Bank there, shooting himself 'with bis bank revolver, the bullet entering the ear. He died in about half-an-hour. Deceased appears to have been in bad health and very low-spirited for some time. A very heavy hailstorm passed over South Casino, six miles from here,- on Tuesday last, considerably injuring the Public school and some other buildings. No rain here as yet, although there has been a good deal of thunder and lightning and the tem perature is much lower. 