TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. from our own correspondent.-! VICTORIA. Melbourne, Monday. The weather is fine and cool, and is 1 k< ly to coulinua so. Alfred Williams, a larrikin, was to-day charged with assaulting Constables Doyle and MoSweeney, becanse they at tempted his arrest, for throwing blue- alone at them. Ho was remanded. MeSweeney is insensible, and is in a precarious condition. Elizabeth McCnffray, a cook, was also brought up at the City Police Ci-u t. It appears that she first assaulted a bar maid at the Commercial Hotel, dragging her round the kitchen by the hair of her head, because she was asked to wash glass-towels on Sunday. She then at tacked her employer, Mr La .Font, strik ing him over the head with a brick and a tomahawk, kicking nnd biting him, and finally driving him out of the kirchon with a broom-stick. She vyas fined £1. Lavinia Canty. a general servant, lus lodged a complaint of having been criminally assaulted by her employer, Mr W. Anderson.. An old vagrant named Richard James struck a little boy named Benjamin Morgan over the temple with a piece of blnestone, weighing four pounds. The boy was rendered insensible. Subse quently, the wound was dressed, and the child's assailant arrested. A great bush-fire is reported to be raging near St. James. Fourteen farm- ers have been burned out, and ten miles of country devastated. It is feared that two men have been burnt. Floor, first-class country, £9 5s to £9 7s 6d ; prime wheat, Hp to 4s 21 ; Tartarian oats, 3s, stoat feed, 3s"ld. Living Curiosities. — On Saturday aud Monday evenings, in a tent at the top of Ford- street, Beechworth, the novel sight of two dwarfs and a magnetic lady was witnessed by large numbers of people. The two former, whose names are Dominic Sansee and W. Robinson, are dimunutive specimens of humanity, ''-and the last- named gave an exhibition of hi3 powers a3 a wire-rope walker. Madame Zieulika, the magnetic lady, was the centre of attraction, and created great wonder at the manner in which she gave some ,«f the spectators shocks similar ' to those received from a galvanic battery. 