DEFALCATIONS on the pari of town clerks aud shivo secretaries are uuforlunatuly not uncODimoii in Victoria, but in the long list of municipal irregularities from lime to time brought to light, there liae never, so far as wo are aware, been discovered anything so systematic, impudent, and longsustained, as that disclosed in conncction with the affairs of tlieEchuca Shire Council. In a report published in another column the full particulars of this case will be found, and we venture to say that the whole affair will be pronounced unique of its kind. According to the report of the special auditors appointed to investigate the matter, it appears that so far back as September, 1£7U, the late secretary, who was also treasurer, had his bands a balance of .£213. Twelve months later this balance had into i':i5u, and by 30th September, 1S81, it had reached £T'JI. A remarkable circumstaucc in this couuection i6 that neither the auditors nor any member of tile , Council should havo noticed the fact of such largo sums uf money being in the hands of the treasurer, when the L'.jlst section of the Local Government Act distinctly forbade it, and when at the same time the Council was actually paying heavy interest on an overdraft. So far, indeed, from any exception being taken to the very glaring irregularities, the secretary was actually complimented upon his accuracy; and when even his arrest had been determined upon, it is stated that two members of the Council came forward to give bail for him. The report states that the actions of the secretary " were cool and defiant, and «iiallenged the attention of evory member of the Council, but all precaution was neglected—the cash-hook was never looked at, there was no finance committee appointed, and although a largo debt was owing to the bank no examination or inquiry was made to ascertain if moneys were deposited as received." Thisaction, or rather want of action, on the part of the "councillors was assuredly reprehensible, but , -wj) take it that the onus of responsibility mainly rests on the auditors, who if for nothing else,! ought clearly to have refused to certify to the.accounts on the ground of distinct and .systematic breach of the 251st clause of the Act. On hie oyvn ..showin; the treasurer had in his hands^years ago large. £ums of money which ought not to liave had, and the amount thus improperly .and ^legally.,held wenton. increasing;year.afteryear.;-' It was the duty; of the auditors tb have pointed out "this irregularity at the outset. The moral to .be deduced from the Echuea, dinclrisures'iB on e that has frequently beenrdrawn before under conditions more or less similar. The work of auditing is the most important of any performed in connection with the accounts of public bodies, and it is a work that, to be of any use at all, must be done rigorously and impartially. Eigor and impartiality, however, can scarcely be expected when the auditors arc local men personally acquainted with the man whose accounts they have to examine. Even with the best intentions to perform their duties without fear or favor, they are apt to do without a vouchor here, or to accept a plausible statement for the absence of a document there, and generally to take things for granted when nothing should be 63 taken, and where by professional auditors nothing would bo so taken. Wis notice that the Wagga Wagga people are once more agitating for the construction of a railway from "Wagga Wagga to Tumbarumba, and unreasonable as the application may seem, having regard to the greater advantages of a branch from Culcaira, it i6 not impossible that the Wagga route may be chosen if the rest of the district chooses to go to sleep on the question. We have so frequently pointed out the many reasons which may be urged in favor of the Culcairn route, that it would be mere surplusage again to go into details on the quostion. It may, tberofore, for the present sullicc merely to reiterate the two principal arguments, viz.:—That tho Culcairn route is the moro easy uf construction, and therefore the cheaper of the two ; and tliat it would for its entire length traverse a country every acio of which is iirst-class land, whilst the alternative route would for the most part go through particularly rough and almost uninhabited country. For those, and for many other reasons which need not hero bo recapitulated, it is to the interests of the colony generally that the connection of Tumbarumba with the Southern Eailway should be by means of a branch lino from Culeoirn. Unfortunately, however, the interests of the colony as a whole arc not, as regards tho Tumbarumba railway, identical with the interests of Wagga Wagga, aud the enterprising public uion of Tichbornevillc havo therefore thought tit to ignore in this connection every consideration save that ol their own advantage. 'J'ho Wagga people arc not perhaps to be blamed for their studious attention to their own interests, but the Albury people, the Germanton people, and all others directly con- cerned in au adherence to the better route, will-assuredly be worthy of censure if they do not take some practical steps to counteract the Wagga movement. Having, indeed, all the trump cards in their own hands, they would he guilty of worse than folly if they permitted Wagga Wagga to win the game without an effort to prevent it. THE RIVEII,—The Murray yesterday was only 5 inchcs over summer level. OUSCENE LANI;UA(.E.—William Brunakitt, chaiged with uaiug obscene language on Friday last, was fined ten shillings. ODDFELLOWS' BALL.—Tlie anniversary ball of the Loyal Belvoir Lodge l.O.O.F. took place last night at the Prince of Wales Hall, Wodonga. THE WEATHER.—Tbe heat for the past week has been intense. Yesterday the thermometer stood at 106° in the shade for several "hours. CHILD DESERTION.—A man named Charles Mullaly was brought up at tbe police court on Friday, chaTged with child desertion, and remanded to Sydney. . RESERVE REVOKED.—The Gazette of the 4th inst. contains a proclamation revoking the reservation of some 30,000 acres of laud outhe Upper Murray, in the neigborhood of Ournie and Glenken. DEAIH ntojd SUNGIIUIRET-—A.uiau named Humphries, iu the 6iiiploy of a local firm .of roa'd~xontractorfiJ"anti~worklng~in' _ Macanley;— street, received « Sunstroke on Monday,last,- ; ; and died the same day. i ; _CRICEET AT MOOUWATHA.—A match was played at Moorwatha lafft week'between'^teanl 1- rom Albury and the local Teltib:|- Ttaj 1 flatted , were Bgairi'victors, : thfe '«cores"'being : ;f—Moor- ! ' watha,'87; : Albury,.66.• "v/l IJCHARGE or. FORGERY.—Ye6terfay.,G^o^e ,• Allison, alias Baker, was/chained 'on warrant ' with lorgery and uttering.' After the evidence of the arresting constable had T)eraVken, tbe' ' prisoner was remanded to Gnnlburn. ; ~ ' ELECTORAL REGISTRAR.—Mil Walter Davis, ofCorryong, has been gazetted..deputy-,dej;-, toral registrar for the Towong division of 'ijhV; .: electoral district of Benainbra, and .for. .the, Towong division of the Gippsland Province, . vice R. G. Heath, resigned. NEW DUTIES.—The Collector of.Gustoms received instructions by wire yesterday : to ' charge 3s. per lb. duty on tobacco, manufactured and unmanufactured, 6s. per-lb; on cigars and, cigarettes, 20s. per lb. on opium,, and Is. per lb. on stearine. SMALL DEBTS COURT.—We are requested 11 to state that the last day for receiving applies-' tions for summonses for these courts IB now the Wednesday preceding the dtty'of^sitting. Hitherto summonses have been issued on'.tbe Thursday before tbe court sat. COUOWA RACES. — Nominations for the. Corowa Handicap of SO sovs. will be received, up to 4 p.m. on 3rd March. : Weights 'will'be v declared on 20th March, and acceptances iiiast be in before 4 p.m on 26th March. Entries for the Flying Stakes will be receivedupto4p.m.' on 26th March. '' ' ."*'' .'' HOWLONG BACES.—The annual; races' at Howlongtake plaice on Friday, 21st .March,.. Nominations for the Howlong Handicap), jit '•' 25 sovs., must be with jhe secretary ndt'later., than 1st March. Weights will,appear,in the"^. Banner of 7th March, and.a'cceptancesiiiuat Joe . in by noon on 15th March. , COLONIAL WISE.—The wine forwarded ^by- Mr. Frazer, of Brown's Plains, to the Calcutta:. Exhibition, aud there awarded a pri/.e, ;hns ' tiiice been returned. The varieties forwardedwere verdeilho andschiraz, both pi wbichhHve. come back in splendid condition And evidently much improved by the voyage. THK IMPOMATION OF GRAPES;—It appears to be necessary once more to remind the -Jpiiblic that the importation of grapes Jroijii Victoria is illegal, and that any package of grapesisent into the colony by rail will be at once eeiz^d and confiscated by the customs officers ^ou its: i arrival at Albury. On Monday last 'a;caBa arrived from Victoria, and was destroyed forthwith. THE R.EY. MR. ACOCKS.—We have miich deasure in reporting that the Rev. Mr. Acocts las been steadily, improving during therj>hst : , week. As soon as he, WAS able -to bear the . journey he was removed to Gnulburr, where, the climate in summer is less trying than that of Albury. He has greatly benefited 1 by the change, and though still weak, IB steadily progressing towards complete recovery.' THE CHARGE AGAINST A. Frajuipsc.—At lhfe police court on Tuesday the charge-'preferred against Alexander Flemming,of obtaining money by means of a valueless cheque from J. McArthur, was withdrawn, tbe police having ascertained that tbc accuBod ,had .a small sum to his credit in the bank. The defendant was, however, re- arrested on another chiirgc, and remanded till tbia day. TENDERS FOB PULLIC WORKS.—Tenders arc invited in tbc .Victorian Gazdic for. the undermentioned buildings:—Wooden building for State-school No. 1314, Chiltern. road (particulars at State-schools No. 022, Ruther.- . glen, aud No. 327, Chiltern) ; hardwood.build-. . ing ior State-school No. A2539,. Thowgla (particulars at Slate-school No. 130U, Corryong, and ou application to the correspondent of the Board of Advice, Towong). THE QUARTER SESSIONS.—The court af quarter sessions will be opened on Monday by His. Honor Judge Forbes. The following is a list of the .prisoners for trial: —Joseph Wallace Layton, attempt to commit a. rape, Albury ; John Francis Donnelly, em- - bezzleinent, Corowa; John Bracher, stealing a day- book, Gerogery; Richard Griffiths, horse-. stealing, Germauton ; Andrew.Fatrick.Qainn,' 1 - sheep-stealing (on remand.from last sessions), Tumbarumba. ' ' ELECTION OF SHEEP DIRECTORS.—'The un-' derinentioned gentlemen bave been duly elected members of tbe board of sheep direc-d tors for tbe Hume district i—Mr. James .'Liurin, Yarn Yarra; Mr. job'n" Ross, Kinross ; M.r. G. W. Scrivener, Billabohg; Mr. W. Wood, Benambra ; Mr. R. McMicking, Manus. As representing the owners of.laVge stock, the following gentlemen were 'elected, viz.:—Messrs. James Bruce' (Gerinanfoii) atill ' William Purtell (Ten-Mile Creek). : "•' ' TCJIBAROTIBA LOOK-UP,.—MRI ,Leyien.;has, received the following letter :—" Police Departmerint, Inspector-General's Office Byfl-; ,„! ney, 19th February,i884.-.Sir,'—In'.'ackiiow-,,.. . ledging the receipt of your letter of the,13th',. ! inst., enclosing one lrom the secretary of the ' PjogreBS Committee at Tiimbarumba.urgiDg that the erection ot the "new lock-up at tile place might be expedited. I beg 'to inform, , you that the matter is in the h a n d s ' ; Colonial Architect.—I have, &c.;', ®DWABp FOSBERI-, IhBpector-Geiierjil of^^Ppjicei"^1 To CORUESPONDKNTS.—" llr.ji.'Jolmsoni -. llulcauilra."—This: tankvontainB illSl yards. We should state,^ huwfcver,-i that'.iui i calcuktrng the contents .tbajdepthliiss.takeii I n at lO^eet^t)'' "inches, not* at 10 "feet Ci inches;. as we do not take into account t fractions .of an inch.. l Far men.'''—It the lessee;had permission,toying the trees, he c*n recover at 'the,rateof:l8.3'l..per acre from you. Stonewall; Jackson^—Your letter is unavoidably, held oyer. till, next week.; Several letters are crowded out. TUE 'XEW THEATRE.—The" new theatre or lecture-hall in connection with the Mechanics' Institute ie how : iapidly" approaching' coniple-' tion. The whole oT'the brickwork iVfinished, and the building is 1 roofed. The d warf' walls are laid for the flooring, and the flooringboards are on the ground ready to be placed in position. The greater part of the plaster* ing is'also finished, and a good deal of preliminary work in connection with the painting contract has' been performed. Now that the structure is. covered in, a fair idea can be formed of the size and proportions of the building. BREACH or THE SHEEP ACT.—At the police court yesterday George Burrowes was summoued by the Inspector of Stock for a breach of the Sheep Act, by introducing sheep from Victoria without producing a certificate from the Victorian Inspector of Stock, and without giving notice to the New South Wales inspector. ' The "same defendant was also charged with neglecting to brand the sheep V, as required by the Act. Defendant pleaded ignorance ol the law. Mr. Chauncy appeared for the prosecution. A tine oi 10s. was imposed, with £1 Is. professional costs and costs of court, on the first charge. The others were not proceeded with. BUSH-NRE AT JINDERA.—Our correspondent' writes : —" For the last three weeks we have been visited by nothing but bush-fires. On Monday one of them broke out at the bottom of Mr. Christoph Westendorffs bill, and travelled into Mr. Barlow'e paddock, destroying two good residences, not speaking ol the fencing aod the grass. Mr. Westendorff also suffered severely. The amount of grass and property destroyed, I should think, would not .be less than £10011 in value. All -the neighbors in the district turned out to a mac, numbering over 80, and many are at the present time busily engaged trying to extinguish the fire." WAGGA RACES,—At U meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turl Olub held last week, it was arranged that the Autumn Mectiug of the club should take place^uring the week iu which the y-ieen'a Birthday falls, but the exact date is not yet-liKed. 1 The following gentlemen Were elected-to perve upon the works committee *— Mcsar&'#Vtro\v!land,'T> Mincbin, J. Gormley, and J.' HawkinR. • Rfcce committee : MeSsrs. j. Gormle.v, E. C. Pearson, A. A. Devlin, P. Hann, and C. H. Croaker. Advertising committee : Messrs. Copland, Croaker, and. Gowjland. Chairman,,Jlliy-E. C. Pearson.; treasurer, Mr. Gowllanci; starter, Mr. A. A. JJevlin ; judge, Mr. J. King ; -jlerk of the course, Mr. J. J. M £ Grath. - — — THE ALBURY, HANDICAPS.—In accordance with the'advertised programme ot the Albury Racing Club the weights for the handicaps should irave'been declared on the 14th inst. Tbey did not, however, come to hand on that day, though at. the request of our reporter, who was anxious to get them for insertion in the last issue of the Banner, the secretary of the club telegraphed to the handicapper asking him to wire the list. Owing to this confixtinv/ns the owners ot horses, aud many other persons interested fu turf matters, have been a good deal disappointed. We would suggest that in future years special paius should be taken to eusurc the publication of the weights un the day named in the programme. STOCK MOVEMENT*.— HCO mixed wcauers from Victoria fcrGermantou, lid ward Mitchell owner; 440. fat sheep.from Moorwatba /or Melbourne, John Howe owner ; 701) merino ewes from Arundel for Brown'a Plains, G. F. Morris' owner; 2500 merino wethers from Bowna to Bungowannah,, J. Grieve owner; 550 mixed sheep from Victoria for Alburv, \V. McMaster owner; 105 crossbred wethers from Victoria to Albury, G. Burrowes owner; 500 store cattle (tn'xed), from Wagga Wagga to Albury, Patrick Rogers owner; 400 merino wethers from Hillside to Albuiy, F. G. Manning owner; 23 fat cattle from Victoria to Albury, various owners; 120 fat cattle from other districts to Albury, various owners ; U000 menno wethers Irora Billabong station lor Victoria, M. Morrison owner ; 2*25 wethers Hawsview to Gundowring, W. Garing owner. ENFORCING THE DOG ACT.— According to a report submitted to the Wodonga Sbire Council at its last meeting, the provisions of the Dog Act have been enforced in that shire with greater stringency and more satisfactory results . than in any previous year. This is due, it seems, to the vigilance of Mr. John Phelan, :tlie newly appointed dog officer, whose very name appears to be o terror to persons who have heretofore been in the habit of evading the provisions of the Act by paying for only one dog when they have kept several. The number of dogs registered is largely in advance of those , paid ior before, and the incouie. from this source shows a corresponding increase. A t the request of Mr Phelan the council ^avc bini a,certificate .setting forth their appreciation of bis energy and capacity iu fulfilling the duties, of his position. CHARGE OF UTTERING VALUELESS CHEQUES. —Percy Vincent St Aubyn, alias Frank Williams, was charged at the police court on Friday last .with uttering a valucleescheque at Cootamundra..' Sergeant McGuffie deposed to haviugiarresl«d Jhe rprisoner on tbe previous day :ou,Ibe-jarriyaV of the mail train from Sydney.) She arrest hid; been made inconse- quence of a telegram from Cootamundra to th *Hect that the prisoner had obtained money by meanBOf a valaleas cheque from one E. B. Chilcote, of Cootamundra. On Saturday the case was resnmed before the police magistrate and Mr. J. Hayes, J.P. Sergeant McGuffie produced the warrant that had been issned for the. prisoner's arrest, at Cootamundra, and stated that he had communicated with a person in Melbourne named by the prisoner as his biother -in-law. The person, however, did not know the 1 prisoner by the name given. The prisoner was remanded to Cootamundra* DEATH OF A NUN.—We regret having to record the death or one of the Sisters of Mercy —Sister Mary Xavier (McDonald) — who breathed her last at the Convent of Mercy, Albury, on Sunday morning, alter a few months' illness. Tbe deceased Miss [Mary F X] McDonald was a native of Carlow, Ireland, and left home and friends to join the Sisterhood 20 years ago. In the Motive work of the order—tending the sick and teaching the young—she spent three years atGoulburnand sixteen at Albury. Asagood teacher, and a genial, kindhearted Sister, her name hats come to be a household word amongsttheCatholicshere, wbosincerely deplore her untimely death. The funeral to jk place on Monday. The corleyc was, cousideringthe short notice given, a very large one, and many present evidently felt her death as a personal lo*s and joined iu sincere empathy with the Lidy Superior and tbe Sisters in their bere ivement. The remains were interred at the Convent cemetery, Newtown, adjacent to the Orphanage, which, when tbe present contract is completed, will be not the least im- posing or valuable of oar local institutions. A WELL-GROUNDED COM PLAINT.—People having occasion to travel between Albury and Wodonga, and who desire to avail themselves of the means of railway transit now available,, complain sorely of the extortionate, fares charged. ID the case of all other places in the colony the effect of opening a railway has been to cbeapuu the cost of travelling. Iu this instance, however, the result, forms a marked exception to the geneijal rule. 'For years past cabs and 'busses plying between the two towns have been in the habit of carrying passengers for sixpence, and it might naturally have been expected that the railway fare lor the same journey would not have exceeded threepence. Ab a (act, however, it in one shilling lirst class —or just dp.uble the fare charged by tbe cabs. This subject was brought under the notice of the Wodonga Shire Council on Tuesday last by a resident. of Wodonga, who poiuted out that iu the .suburbs of Melbourne passengers were conveyed for. threepence much longer distances than the length of line between Albury and Wodonga. The Council fully recognised the justice of tliis complaint, aud decided to rcpreseut the case to the Rlaiway Department. FOUND DROWNED.—On Monday last an inquest was held at the Royal Hotel by Mr. Keightley, district coroner, on the body ot Wilhelm Boesenberg, a very old resident of this district. The following jurors were sworn :—W. Green, W. Hitch, J. Blackmore, A. Ryan, A. Chant. J. Grant, H. Jacobs, F. O'Brien, F. Barby, T. Doolan, J. Ritchie, R. Denny. Dr. Andrews deposed: I have examined the body, and was present when it was taken out of the water ; the clothing was undisturbed ; there was a stone about ttlbs. weight tied to his left wrist; there was a dark mark and abrasion ou the back of the ncck ; the true skin was not involved, nor was there any sigu of bruising orcuttipgtbrough the ski a; there were uo other marks of violence ; iu my opiniou death was frotu drowning, and probably suicidal. Jane Boesenberg deposed ; The body I have just seen ia that of my husband ; 1 last saw hiui alive ou Friday morning; he wus then quite sober, but had been drinking off and on for a fortnight; his utl'airu were, 1 believe, involved ; wtien he has been drinking he used to show slight weakness of intellect, and 1 was.afraid he might become deranged il' he drank to excess. Emma Beyer deposed : At 2 o'clock yesterday I 6aw t.Ue body of tbe d( - ceased near the wharf, in the river ; information was given to the police; the body was lying face downwards in the water, near the bank. Senior-constable Brown deposed: From information received I went to the wbaif aud helped to take the dead body out of the river; the stone produced was tied to the lett wrist; I believe the body to be that of Wi lb elm Boeseuberg. This concluded the evidence. The jury found that the deceased committed suicide during u fit ol temporary insanity. THE GOODS TRAINS.—Mr. Levin has received tbe following letter :—" Department of Public Works, Railway Branch, Sydney, February 12th, 1884. Sir,—I have the honor to acknowledge your letter, dated 16th ult, asking whether arrangements could not be made for running the goods train into Albury in the morning and returning in tbe evening. In reply I beg to submit the following copy of Inspector Roberts's report on the subject:— ' Toe present train arrangements between Wagga and Albury answer very well, and if any alteration is made it will uppet all onr arrangements, because the amount ot traffic would not justify the expense of running an extra train over the section. We have to consider tbe passengers coming from tbe Southwestern line in addition to those between Wagqa and Albury. The Germanton people, too, asked their representative, Mr. Lvne, M.P., for the No. 26 up-goodsto be be made to cross down-mail at Culcairn instead -of Gerogery, in order to give passengers from Albury an opportunity of catching the Germauton coach from the former station. This was granted, and so far us I cau learn, give? gentral satisfaction. If the present application was complied with, goods for stations Wagga to Albury would be considerably delayed, and, as I have before stated, it would never pay to run another train,, for the small amount of traffic would not warrant it. Those who are not satisfied with the arrangements have the mail train running daily (Mondays excepted) ou down journey, and daily on up journey, besides the No. 20 up and No. 31 down daily (Sundays excepted), which I consider good accommodation for tbe amount of passenger traffic.'—I have. &c.;, C. A- GOODCHAI', Commissioner lor Railways/' FIRE AT WODONGA WEST.—We regret to learn that another disastrous tire occurred on Monday at Wodonga West Lhe property of Mr. H. Richardson. The cause of tbe tire we have not been able to ascertain, but we uuderstaod that the damage done has been considerable, Mr. Richardson losing 1000 acres of goo 1 feed and the whole of the fencing on the same area. The tire then spread to the selection of Messrs. Dyball and Sous, doing serious dnmsge there, and it was with much difficulty prevented from making its way on to the adjoining lauds of several other farmers. [The following additional particulars reached us last night :—The tire is supposed to have been caused by a spark froui tbe engine of a spccial train ladeu with cattle, which passed about midday. The fire destroyed all Mr. Richardson's farm, the damage being now estimated at fully £2000, besides the loss of stock, which cannot yet be ascertained. Tbe fire then spread to Mr. Auburn's paddocks, burning a large quantity of fencing there, and it would have caused still greater damage but for the assistance rendered by two gangs of railway men from .Wodonga aud all the neighbors in the district—even the wives and daughters of the farmers, and school children, turning out to lend a hand by carrying water. The shire secretary and school teacher also were present to help, and by 9 o'clock ou Tuesday night tbe tire was prettv well enclosed all round for a diatance of six miles ; souie of the men returning home about widuigbi", thoroughly exhausted, and many of them having narrow escapes from the timber which was falling on all sides. On Wednesday morning the lire a^ain broke out near the Cookinburra creek, and the strenuous efforts are beiug made to stop it. Mr. N. Bidstrup has lost all the grass iu his hill paddock, and much fencing. Mr. Dyball has also sustained considerable damage'but Mr. Richardson is the greatest sufferer.] THE OUTBREAK OF SCAB.—Tbe most unsatisfactory item of news we have published for a long time past comes in the form of an intimation to the effect that scab has been discovered in a number of sheep in the Carcoar district. It is stated that there are over 200 sheep attccted with tbe disease on Mr. Lomax's station, near Carcoar. Unfortunately there is uo room to doubt the correctness of this statement. A number of imported sheep were sent westward from Sydney a few weeks ago, and it is amongst them that the disease has broken out. Mr. Bruce, tbe Chief Inspector, has examined the animals, and i* quite satisfied as to the nature o{ tbe disease. Bow they managed to convey the disease to Carcoar is, under the circumstances, one of great importance. The sheep arrived from America in August, aud were placid in quarantine. Three months later they were offered for sale, but being unsuld were again put in quarantine, where they remuincd till tlie end of January, when they were forwarded to Carcoar. It would sucrn, therefore, that five months' segregation under the carc of persons specially appointed to look after them, and regular treatment during thul period with certain liquids recogoised as scab specifics, were not suQicient lu ensure freedom froui disease iu tbe cuee of these sbeup. It is suggested by a Sydney contemporary that the dip used—a patent compound favored by owners because it does not disoulor the wool —is not efficacious, or if it is, that the dipping must have bseu improperly done ; and no doubt one of the hypotheses must be correct. In the interests of ail stock* owners, it is necessary that the public should kuow which i6 the right solution of the myatery. Pending the determination of this point, the scabby .-beep are to be destroyed, aud tbe station on which they are located has been quarautintd. CHAHGKS or STEALING FROM THE RAILWAY STATION.—On Saturday last F. Robins was charged with stealing goods from tbe railway goods-shed. Mr. Chauncev for the prosecution, asked for a postponment of the case for a week. Mr. Emerson, for the accused, applied fur bail, which was granted. William Kelly was similarly charged. Mr. Chauncey appeared for tbe prosecution, Mr. Emerson for the defence. Senior-constable Brown deposed to having arrested the prisoner on a charge of stealing a quintity of cheese ; prisoner's reply to the charge had beeo, " Yes, 1 did pick up a piece of old cheesc off the. floor." Samuel Ball deposed : I am in the employ of tbe Railway Departmental Albury ; on 7(h inst. Isaw prisoner with a kuife in his hand.; he said, " There'* some cheese here; I must have a bithe then went up to where the cheese was turned back a tarpaulin, cut a piece out of the cheese, and took it away ; T looked at the cbecse, saw a piece had been taken out, aud I reported the matter ; the piece he took was, 1 should say, 21b in weight; I have been up here since last Wednesday week to work in tbe shed, and to try and find out who litd hoen taking things from tbe goods-shed. To Mr. Emersou : There may have been 2lb. or 3lb. taken from the chee?c besides what Kelly took ; tbe cheese was on the floor of the shed ; I am quite sure Kelly put the chsese under his coat; he concealed it as best he could. The cheese was here produced in court, and appeared to be a very old cheese that had been crushed and broken some lime. Arthur Willie, statiooiuaster at Albury, deposed that the cheese in question had been in his charge/and tliat he had never given authority to any one to take any of the cheese away; the cheese was not in a ca6e; the consignee ol' the cheese refused to.take delivery of the cheese because it was damaged. After this evidence had been taken Mr. Chauncey intimated his intention to withdraw the case, and the accused was discharged. Yesterdur, belbre • the police magistrate and Mr. James Hayes, the case against Frederick Ho bins van resumed, the accused lieiog charged with stealing certain coufectionery from the ^nods-shed. Mr. Chauncy appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Emerson for the defence. A considerable amount ol' evidence was taken, both fur the prosecution and defence, and the case was closed. A", however, there were some olher charges against the accused, the Bench decided to reserve its judgment until the whole of the cases hud been dealt with. The defendant was therefore remanded. The other cases will be heard ou Tuesday week. CONCERT.—The complimentary concert tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Down in recognition of the valuable assistance given by them for many years past at numberless enterla'nments in aid of religious and charitable ofjscfs, took place on Monday evening at the Exchange Theatre. The house wan'well liilerl, and but for tbe intolerable heat which made a stay of three hours in the interior of the building almost equal to an experience of similar duration in a Turkish bulb, the concert was a very enjoyable one. The first part of the programme consisted of a series of concerted pieces hy the Drawinc-room Minstrels, coiumencingwith "Takeme home." Mr. Headby took the solo part very effectively. In " The Golden Stair" Miss [Annie] Bull was the soloist, and in tbe third number Miss Stewart was in such excellent voice as to call forth a very enthusiastic encorc. The next piece was " Wait till the clouds roll by." in which Mr. McPherson took the lead. The piece was new to the audience, and mel with much favor. The chorus in every case showed evidence of careful drilling, and the general effect of thepart-singlng was very good indeed ; it was, in fact, the main feature of the entertainment. Mrs. Down followed with a solo, " A Dream,*'' and in response to a unanimous ciicorc sang I love unlove." Mr. C. Schmiedt. came next with " Why Bouse the British Lion /" and the first part of the concert then concluded with a pianoforte daet by Miss Moore and Miss Mastcrman. Some capital recitations were given by Mesam. C. Pearce, McGovern, aud Osborne ; Mr. McGoverns recitation in particular being verv loudly applauded and encored. The second part began with " The Tempest of the Heart/' very correctly rendered by Mr. Goldrick. Mios Steward and Mr. McPherson came next with the always popular "ABC" duet. Mis« Blakely followed with "Ye Binks and Braes.'' in which she made a most favorable impression. This was the first occasion on which Miss Blakely had sung to an Albury audience, but we hope it will not be the last. Miss Gordon, who was in good voice sang " Erin, uiv country," very pleasingly ; and Miss Stewart gave another solo, " Won by a Eos-." which was even more vehemently applauded than her previous effort. In respond to un irresistible citcoi'c she gave " Dreamland Faces." Tbe remainder of the list included a song l.y Mr. 1/ullerton, which was encored, one from Mr. Down, and some glees. Mr. M'Pherson acted as conductor, Miss Moore as pianiste ; and Messrs. Walter and Dinsuxore, with baes violin and cornet respectively, made up the orchpstra. At the close of the programme Mr. DJWII addrebBed a few words to the audience thnukijig them for their attendance. DEN'J'ISTRR.—Mr. Hall visits Albury on tbe 3(ith iust., aud may be consulted at the Club Hotel. CONTINUATION or SM.E.—Messrs. C. 1.. Griffith and Co. continue the s.ile ul Mr. W. J. Jones's large stock to-day. SALK or TOWN Fitoratiir.—Messrs. C. L. Griffith aud Co. have sold the property occupied by Mr. Simmons as a butcher's shop in Olive-street to Mr. V. F. Nagle, for a sa'isfdctoiy price. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this issue :— Pbo;nix Flour Mills, Wagga ; Sandy Creek races on 17th March ; concert at Germauton on 17th March ; Urana races on 4ih April ; mare lost; reward for conviction of incendiary ; Towong Turf C ub Mares' Produce Stakes; farm for sale at Corryoug; rices at Tumbarumba on Easter Monday j races at Germanton 18th April ; trespassers" ' on Reuss's land cautioned; Mr. Bradlev sells claim aud plant of Mantis Creek Gold Sluicing Co. 19th Murch ; Mr. S;rickland sells furniture at Wodougi 1st Ma:ch ; Means. Piggin sell stock and implements at Corowa on 'Ist March ; Mr. Steel sells furniture of Advance Australia hotel on 29 h Febiuuy ; Messrs. Ten Brink and Thatcher sell buggy and horse to-morrow ; Messrs. Ten Brink and Thatcher sell.race booths on 1st March ; Mews. W. G. King and Co. sell furniture to-morrow; Messrs. Ten Brink and Thatcher sell house in Kiewastreet to-morrow ; Cohen and Abrahams contradict lnlse reportI. H. Grav and Co. sell fat stock on Wednesday ; It. Gil son and Co. sell , store ttock at Wodongk, on 3rd March ; C. I'. Gr flitli and Co. sell sheep on Wednesday ; C. L. GriHiihand Co sell fatinon 8tb March : Bownaraceson Eiister Monday ; Dolbie's seedsowers on sale by Hodge aud Hilton. 