CONDITIONAL PURICIIASES. TiHI: fallowing cduditional purchlases slao falsen, uip at thie uusderlusrl tiasses places on Thursday last: Asr 1), sersarss John Csarirs, 55 pares, Mlullo es. As Ceee.55lus155a: We,. Wellsse, 5 as0ses, Well ihillS; Isa. Jlohns sna, nes, Stleskississgsl; ieolaNsNoss, 1GU lace., Tee Yea; ,strn s amll onlll3,520 aes, lerribiallayslh JJoss Muir, Is acts;, llllsIsabgCaS Sa vl Ward, as ncrcases, O eUsseas. As Ceousas l ,ssy Wia\stl av, as eoesNm b15slsla: 51.ssLlseI s IsaIse, 101 se.e. sucu; Charles Edwsase Jesus,, as asse0, Thlsssly. Ae55es sNIs:Yas: T'lse., Teag, 552 asses, Csappeesnbellesg .1 sssse ISobLselseas 100 acress, s ditto; sss. G(irsy, 55U asess, slils; Rliclard 1li55slaell, S0 cres, Tsa sasessbssass; S1sss. Feasgass, 100 acrc*, Yarrow.. AT 5'.ses.A Wsaa.a: sIDsnis JOesjls Fesa,,da O'Connelsl, as10 a 5ro5, silb sselu s S ssph en FennellS, 150 ares,, 1ihi .: Msosse. D5sse0eslle Irusa., 101 notes roSses, Tyeese o ; Issllsse, Ienod,, 55 aura! sssess, Tseeessg ; Johnslsusaallins,1)ascre s, laulssndeas a sasal 51i55,ablsossg. As Yeses there gore uo seascliosa. Tun GtountonVn Post-orrIc: will be oopn from niuo o'clock till ton only this morning (Now Year's Day). There will be only a morning delivery by the letter.carriers. Soss or Teeeren'cocnc.-'The thirtieth half-yearly meeoting of the Goulburn Division No. 41 Sons of Temporance was hold at the templranco.hall on Wednesday, 19th ultimo. Thoe attendance of mom bers was largo, numbering ninety. The following chief officers wero elected for the nusuing halfyear : -W.P., Bro. Lino; W.A., Bro. W. Kingsoll; It.S., 3ro. Costlyn; F.S., Bro. F. R. Everett; P.W.1'., Bro. Jos. HIadfield. The retiring offliceors road their soports for the closing half-year, which showed tbo division to be in a prosperous position ; the number of members financial on the roll, 245 ; the amount of the Ifunds, including value of hall, about £2000. The takings of the ovoningamounted to £50 1613. Loc.xt Ir,eusTn.rre:t AerMANAcC. -Mr. W. T. Wood of the Goulburn Boot Palace, this year presents his patrons with an illistratted almanac, which, besideos a view of his own establishment and his business anonclcmoents, contains n calendar, and four views of local objects, with explanatory details. Those arlo-the post and telegraph ollices, the mechanics' institute, St. Saviour's new cathedral, and a view on the tInlwoarreo. The general offset is good, and by tlhus giving prominence to important features of the locality in which he carries on his business, MIr. Wood is doing survice to the public as well as advancing his own interests. Goon TEPLAR.OY.-On Friday evening the usual meeting of the Grace Darling Juvonile Temple was hold in the temperance hall. Bro. Lawson G.S.J.T., paid an official visit, and congratulated the temple upon its success, and expressed a belief that it ranked high amongst the foremost temples in the colony. A programme consisting of roeitationu, dialogues, ducts, and solos was vary effectively rendered by several of the juveniles. There wore soveral visitors present from the adult lodges in the city. A. H. C. GUiD.- At a meeting held on Sunday last, Dr. Me Killop was re-elected medical oflicer for the ensuing twolvo months. QeUle'?:R:r Lice.sano Counrs will be hold at the places and times undermontioned:-Braidwood, January 2 ; iBurrowa, January 2!: Goulburn, Janu. ary 22; Moss Vale, January 10; Queaubeyan, Janu ary 15; Wagga Wagga, January 10. IssoLveNcae.-Michael Conlon of Yass intends on the 20th January to apply Is the chief commissioner of insolvent estates for a certilicate of conformity. Surrr? or Eoxause Co.u.-- TIe nndormontionod tendors for the supply of engine coal required for use at the undermentioned railway-stations during the year 1884 have boon accepted by the government, viz:-Mr. Thos. Wilton-Penrith, Mount Victoria, Goulburn. Harden, and Junco; Mr. J. B. North- Sydney, Camphblltown, Pieton, and Penrith ; Mr. E. A. Bakeor-Goulburn, Hardn, and Juoneso. Sernuos AccIzEae'.-On Thursday evening a lad named Mannix, who lives at Six Mile Flat, was found lying on the Goulbura road, a short distance from Braidwood, in no unconscious stale. lie had evidently boon thrown from his horse, and, froml the deep abrasions on one side of his face, and the ear filled with dirt, and the severe wound oil the othe. side of the forehead, it is supposed lie had bheM dragged along the road for some distance before hie I foot got clear of the stirrup. Hs was broughbt into . town and admittled to the hospital, where hle .was attended to by Dr. Llewselyn, but he still lies in a a very precarious stale.-lBraidwood Dilsplatch. i IMPoUNDlED Al FIlocjMnour, oiu 1i5h DLezzmIn er, froizz O'Lzary'ls Fts:- IItze.lne Jy mare, sadile. Imlilztej, a over lila 0 over J conzjoined nearr shoulder / B over a off shoulder, hind feet white, aged. Ta/ De sold 10th Jaolaly. Trem WV?esu'c in this locality co5,tmesa dry, and during the past few days tie tmcperasrso has boont very high. Sunday last in particular ,y a usmost disagreeable day. The thermomtet.r rose to 99 in the shado, and a boistelous hot wind envolond the city in donse clouds of dust. At night a coolbroezo from the southward brought with it masses of suala from bush-lires in tllht direction, and the lamspa burned dim a: in a fog. Yesterday thl wind veered round again by the east to the north-west, and olow unpleasantly warm, but not so violently as on the previous day. The continued drought is causinll some anxiety, but tbo weather is lavourablo to thse quick dispatch of harvest work. Iain in quantity can hardly be looked for before next month, though casual storms may be expected in tihe meantime. FaREE-SEcLECTOcs ar reminded that interest ou balances must be paid between the 1st January and tie 31st March in each yaour. By paying within the period named selectors will save tlhemslves much trouble. They need not attend at the lands oflice personally, but may send the amounts by money. order through the post with their last year's receipt. AccsNari.-.A little girl, about two years of age, daughter of Mr. C. Beaaaly of Clifford.street, was knocked down on Sunday ovening by a man upon Ihoreback, who was under the influence of drinki; and upon being taken to Dr. Gillman (acting for Dr. tileKillop, who is in Sydney), the sufferer was found to have sustained a slight concussion of the brain. The patient is progressing favourably. IsEas.--On Saturday, between twelve and one o'claoc, a stable situated at the rsar of MIr. W. Kingsell's residence, Auburn.street, was discovered to boon fire, but the flames wera extinguished by tih neiglhbours before any very serious damagoe sagdone. It appears the fire was cauasd by cildreu thsowing lightused mataches about. It was fertunata that i was discovered so quicklly, as lt1; )uildigin s a wsldesn .struscture nnt- vlo"Titls i.. -'oscn soon conasued. ( ahtsftiiTeslty was experienced in rescuing atpmy which was in the stable at the time of the fire, ut eventually he was got out safely.-Another 'lfr, which might have beeoon attended with serious eone. quonces, was discovered by Constable Drummosl on Sunday afternoon about half-past one, in a yad at the rear of the Salutation Inn. It appears thitb fire had been lighted in tlhe yard near the fence bl some boys for the purpose of roasting apples; thi wind blow the flanmes on to the fouca and the rear of a building adjoining, which caught and is partially charred, the glass in the window being broken by the heat. The constable rang the lire- bell, and sgnms of the brigade quickly appeared on the scene withlann engine, and obtaining water from the Salutation Isin they soon quenched the flames. It was fortuusat that the fire was discovered so soon, as Messrs. VW. Davies and Co.'s oil.storu is in the immediate neigh. bourhood of the fence. The coroner has not yet decided whether it will be necessary to hold ain inquest. Want of caution in til use of fire at this season is particularly reprehensible, as owing to the oeat and dryness the danger is unusually great. GIOuLUvnn HosPrITAL.-DOnatiOns in kind hays boon received during the mounth of Decembe,, r--. the ndeornmentioned donors .-.-a" .aUes Le Breton,s Gaines. r=....'""" nlbfifred, Barber, and Thomas,. .tias Io Breton, and Mlessrs. Arcenss, F. Deacon, I.' Walker, and Frail Mortal. A ltUNAWAY.-Duirig a sale of furnirote and effects yesterday at Government Cottage, the horse attached to the car driven by Thonas Cunningham ran away, smashing the fences around two of the trees in Sloane.street; but fortunately no other damage was done. Gounueas lnAhro n An?rt.uAc.-- With this issue, in accordance with our usnal custom, we present to each subbcriber an Almanac for the year 1884. Besides the features usual in calendars, it will be found to contain a largo amount of local information not readily obtainable front other sources. Damrn or Sin Juno BALLaY DAnvuA.L.-A cable. gram announccs the death of Sir John Bayley Dar. vall who formerly filled an important place in legal and political circles in New South Wales. The S. M. Herald says :-As there are many now colonists who may not know the position which Sir John Bayley Darvall held in the social and political life of Noew South Waloes in years gone by, we may briefly state who siand what hie was. He has inot been a resident of the colony since 1867, in which year lie returned to his native country, Egan, Essland, whore ho was made C.M.G., and a few years later was honoured with the distinction of K.C.2M.G.--IIe was born at Nunning. ton Hall, Yorkshire, and was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, whero he took the de greoe of M.A. in 1836. IIo was called to the Bar at the Middle Temple in the following year, and in 1839 lie came to New South Wales, whore le prac. tised at the ItBar for something like twenty-.eight years. He was mado a Q.C. in 1853. Shortly befosro that lie was'offered, but declined, a judgoship of Victoria. In 1814 lie was appointed to the Legin. lative Council of Noew South Wales; and at the first general election in 1818 was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly for Batlhurst. He was made a lifomeomber of the Legislative Council in 1861, but shortly afterwards resigned his seat, and subsequently represented the electoral districts of West Maitland and West Sydney respectively. When in 1856 the Stuart Donaldson ministry, the first under responsible government, was formed, Mr. Darvall acce:pted the position of solicitor.general. Thin ministry had a particularly short reign, and was succeeded by the Cowspr Ministry. The Cow per ministry was succeeded in turn by the Parker ministry, of which Mr. Darvall was solicitor-general, and subsequently attorney-general. Hto was twice subsequently attorney-general in administrations formed by Sir Charlos Cowper. lie was a member of tho first senate of the university of Sydney. DesrenuoeTI Finns IN VICTOsIA.-Melbouruon, Sunday. During the recent hot weather a number of serious fires have occurred, during the ltst two days especially. A destructive conflagration has been raging at Footscray, totally destroying a largo tannoryvalued at £2500. At Elmore various bush fires have been raging, and no less than 120 acres of crops, besides other property, have been destroyed. At Strathloddou the local post.office and the neigh. bouriog stores hbave been totally destroyed by fire. Another disastrous fire broke out this morning on the promises of Messrs. W. Inglis and Co., importers of printing material, off Flinders.lano, Melbourno. The promises wore completely gutted,_ and all the machinery and the other goods were~ greatly injured. The datmngodone is estimated at £3000.-Telegram to S. MI. Herald. CoN.EvAHv IO' OF WAi?B..-Tjio Soutlh Amtoralian parliament is now engaged in tlo consideration of a measure for the conservation ff water on an exten sive scale. It is proposed to Mivido the whole of the colony south of theo 26th p tallet of latitude, into water districts, which may bp again subdivided into wards. A board of fiveo nmbers, two to be ap. pointed by the Governor, and throo to be selected by the ratppayers, is to have chargo of each water dis. trict, " to do such acts, and to construct suocl works, as may best tend to the collection, conservation, and distribution of a supply of water." Resideot ongi. neers are to be appointed by tho commissi)nor for crown lands, who will advise the boards, prepare plaus, &0., and that officer will have a sort of veto upon tho doings of tho boards. He will have power to loan to tho boards the money required to carry out the works, presumedly from tho land fund, though it does not appear to be stated in the bill. The boards are to havo power to make assessments, and levy rates to pay the interest on the money so borrowed, and to maintain the waterworks, &0. Arrangements are also made in the bill for special water conservation or irrigation works. DEATIH OF PROFESSORB HOLOwAy,.-,'OW names are better huown thaou that of Professor Holloway, whoso enterprise in advertising his patout medicines was equalled only by his liberality in doevoting to purposes of philanthropy a portion of the largo stunm ho amassed in his business. A cablegrasm under date December 28th announces his death. Thomas Ilollo way will be klnown to future genorations less by his pillsand ointment than by two benevolent institutions of which he is the founder. Theos are the sanatorium for the insane at Virginia Water, near Windsor, and Iolloway College, for the higher education of women, in the same locality. The former institution, when complete, will have cost nearly £100,000, and Mr. Holloway has also isrovided it withi an endowment of £50,000. The collego will cost nearly £300,000, and will contain a collection of pictures valued at £100,000. Altogether it is estimated that these two I institulions wen ompleuted will havo cost the founder over a million sterling. It is expectod tl - -' the sanatorium will be opened early uext year I; c ;".. I5IPOU.NDsD AT On from Under woo " o , -Brown filly' sou1 duo ' , lcifor, u. . li, n:.,,%?: /ný; -, "?' ·( '·:. ·:I:l·'·`-: 