A Vacation Cruise to the Myall Lakes. FilOM PORT STEPHENS TO BULLAHDELAH. By Seltaqee. {Continued.) Before resuming this veracious chronicle, I am bound to move the adjournment of tbe House and make an explana tion. When I said or hinted in the chapter on 'Yachts «nd Yachting' that a yacht which should tikeacruiss to Fort Stephens would startle aquatic circles, or something to that effect, it was far from my intention to lead the reader to Euppoce that none of our yachts had undertaken that little voyege. I knew that the Peri in old times bad been to Port Stephens at least twice, likewise the Wfaynot ; and if I am cot mistaken, the Mischief, the Vivandiere, and more recently the Waitangi, have each visited that most trictnresaue of yachting resorts. But the number of the visits i'b prodigiously small when oneconsiders thesaductions. of the place, perhaps at the rate of one in the year or there about, whereas, during the yachting season Nelson or Sala mander Bay ought, by rights, never to be without a yacht at anchor. I know a simple remedy for this calamitous state of things, and I had halt a mind to make a present of it to Commodore Fairfax last Satuiday at the pleasant mustfring at Cremorne; but-— . 'if ever miad your buts,' ' mutters the reader. ' What was it i' .Well, this is the remedy : Kext Eastertide, instead of rolling up at the Baein ox tflint and Steel, lvt the commodores of both clubs rendezvous over night in Watson's or Parsley Bay, and Lefore turning in let them despatch sealed orders to each yacht, to be opened at daybreak and carried out, on pa'n of some Articles of War uunisbment suitable t i such dis obedience. The order may be simply ' Follow me to Port Stephens,' or ' D.I.O.,' or any similar mot d'ordre which conveys the neceBBary information, and tells the combined fleets where their commanding officers mean to spend taster. Any ' Professional ' in charge found grumbling at the Commodore's order should be rowed ashore incon tectly, and turned looae as you wonld a superfluous tomcat, and a fisherman of the bay reign in his stead. . And now to my story. I had visited Port Stephens some six or Sevan times before my last trip in the Bandicoot. For the boys it was a first visit; and one could not help 'admiring the persevering energy with which they climbed ap all sorts of eminences (Station Peak among them), from which a good view of the surrounding country could be enjoyed. There are several tall peaks behind Nelson Bay, from which yon can get-a glorious panoramic prospect of the whole expanse of Port Stephens up to the range behind Tahlee (au historic corner if ever there was one in tbe colony), with TelUgherry Creek, Tenilba, Swan Bay, and the mouth of the Karuah, and northward, ov-r the sinuous reaches of the Myall, the 'Tea Gardens,1' and. the Broad water ; while to seaward Cabbage Tree, Boondelbih, ar/d, far away on die horizon, Lung Island, each dif plays its fascinating outline to the eye. The variously-kept log records many exploring trips under taken bv the boyp, white their more sedentary boss was ex changing old recollections with some of die inhabitants. It is, of course, often a chronicle of email beer, as, for example, ?mhea the proceedings on Christmas Day are minute! (by, I suspect, the chief officer) in these homely but pathetio words : 'First square meal since we left Sidney!' Dear old 'Will! As the boss copies those eloquent words from the log, the handwriting reminds him that its writer is now tossing about somewhere in the Bay of Biscay, homeward Lourd, in the good o'd ship Parramatta, and probably teaching Captain Goddard, or some other veteran Suit, the. right way to splice four-B'randed rope. It was a square meal on Christmas Day for us all, though possibly not so square as the Christmas dinner at home. There was no *' duff ' in the first pla^e, and in the next there was neither -&ampagne; nor zoedone to wash do mi the two e'eamed roosters which we were lucky enough to procure from a belated coaster from the Bellinger- lying weatherbound in the bay. I forget her name, but the log records the fact that she (the ccaater) tad turned up on Christmas Eva, with split sails, and half full of .water, and with a cargo of drenched pigs and poultry for the Sydney market. We steamed tbe roosters in a patent digester, invented by Captain 'Wai remand bearing his name; and let me casually observe that a Warren's Digester is an excellent machine to take with you on a cruiBs, especially if you do as we did, furnish it with a copper instead of a tin boiler; for copper lesiete the fierce wocd .fire of camp life far better than tin, ' with 4ts eoidered edges, which is more suiUble to the domestic kitchens r, and lees able to withstand lh? action of *alt water, 'Are you ever going to begin your cruise to the Lakes?' Ves, my impatient friend, I am; but I most' do it in my own parenthetic way, or not at all. After spending four days fwouJd that they hai Been forty!) ex ploring tbewestoeoa of the hattwur.fishwgto^ onttide and for lobsters with the fishermen at Cabbagetrea, visiting a moBt genial monarch., the King of Port Stephens, atlis royal eeatfif Tahlee, visiting George Button, Esq., and other delightful aboriginals, whose names and additions I have forgotten— yifiiting the ruins cf Tenilba House (oh what a wreck !), Cromarty Farm, Cabbagetree, or, as some prefer to call i^ Schnspper Island, lying between Tenilba and Tahlee ; and many other spots which had for me that ineffaceable charm which is created by old associations ; after all these viutatioue, I say, Vre finally 'determined upon a scheme of exploring the lake*, and, on Saturday, December 29, put it into exeoution. We left the Bandicoot moored off the pier turn and stem, and dulv hatched and tented over, under the care of a neighbourly fisherman, and, after amply providing the skiff with fresh wafer (in breakers), and such provisions of a portable kind as we hoped might suffice for «d absence of two or three days, with plenty of munitions, 'cf w.r for (osnble campaigns against both fish and fowl* -we fit ally made a -start from the bay at lulf-past 6 one fine Ssttuday morning, and as we ran across the harbour with a fine westerly breeze part the sand patch, which uu-rhr *H»y« wve.etl with ewtirdt, from lbs pBlwanioilwsand piper, Will made an extraordinary -shot irtth 4ia Henry-} rifle. Aicolumn at pelicawf lined the edge .of the patch, as tttual, immerted jn thought and ^digestive operations, and slowly takiDg wing as wo tjot within rang*! (about 200yud4) presented a%rtof nying perspective to the eiiemy. 'Ping,' rang the Henry, and down fell three of the birds, one dead, the others winged. Then ensued a chfise under sail, vhich I stall not be likely to forget. Of cburs9, ' it ended, after nearly an hour's hard work, in the capture of the wounded birds,, which I may as well explain were wanted' for zoological purposes; otherwise those grotesque yellow., eyes and ponderous bills' and everlastingly elastic pouches would have haunted us for many a long day. The quantity of fish we found in the stomachs of these creatures in -various stages of assimilation was simply prodigious. One contained at least two dozen whiting of Various size?, together with small fry of sand mullet and garfish, nearly Bpfficient for a day's schnappering. Truly they mast be terrible consumers of young nth.' One p/lioan must ba as bad as a dozen shags. After this taste of his quality with aiifie, 1 began to entertain a great respect for my chief, officer. The boss was once considered, a very tidy per former with a small bore ; bat he never in all his life brought down three birds with one bullet. After the pelican episode we ran along to .Myall. foint as quickly as our wings could carry us, and entering the Myall river fcusd that the flood tide was still running up strongly. Passing a quantity of ballast heaps— stones thrown out by the coasters passing up to the various sawmills for their freights of sawn-stuff, and constituting a most dangerous nuisance to the Queen's Highway, we ran along to Windy w&pper;— a name width I never saw in print, and, therefore, am somewhat doubtful of my orthography,— and by Ander sen and Davis's sawmills (all on the river bank) up to a little village known aa *? The Tea Gardens,' but why sa known nobody has ever been able to enlighten me. It is Bituatcd about three or four miles up the river, ou the southern bank, bui It indicates the 'lie plus ultra of navi gation for any seagoing vessel drawm? more than three feet of water. A Government dredge- had' beea - sc Jopi ng away on toe flats above the Tea Gardens for some months before our arrival, cutting out a permanent passage, it is to be hoped, -for punts and other vessels plying between the Upper Lakes and tbe Tea Gardens ; but the work is a very teflious one, asd.it is impossible for the dredge to report much progress. -The Myall beyond this point loses itself in mangrove islands— at least they are islands at low water for several miles, and the channel is very narrow. How ever, we managed to beat up it for a few miles farther.; but when the river began to close in to a width of 100 yards or less, sailing, although in a very weatherly ceutrepoard skiff, became too, slow,. especially against , a head wind ; wherefore it was agreed that we should unsprefet, top the boom , and 1)1 v. in sequences of two, the laborious but more effectual oar. A short distance from tbe Tea Gardens we met with the Government dredge and its accompanying barges, and a small steamer lay helplessly stranded, but eafe and comfortable, high up ' among the man groves. The crews were . demonstrating somewhere or other or enjoying their Christmas holidays, for not a soul was visible. This was something of a dis appointment, for tbe truth is the boss rather wanted to ask his way, not having -visited the river for npwards of 12 years, and fearing to miss the right channel among the innumerable creeks which intersect the flats at this poinr. Of course he took the wrong turn, and meandered about, first in one channel and then in another, for a couple of hours. But it came out ail right, and we entered the main river suddenly after punting up a channel not much wider than a boat's length, under swamp oaks covered with creepers and festooned with a multitudinous drapery of all sorts of vines. A couple of small squads of black ducks rose with tbe sonorous quack which the sportsman sometimes loves and- sometimes hates to heir (it depend* pn circam Etances), and three or four cock redbills sprang out from the rui-hy islets as we brushed by. At the point where we entered the main river a blue crane jumpad off an over hengicg stramp oak, with what I suppose. must in, the language of cranes have been the equivalent of an oath, levelled at the disturbers of his meditations, and immedi ately afterwards about a dozen black ducks, as if respond ing to the .crane's warning, dashed away helter-skelter up the river. ' trarsued by die anxious hopes of batter and nearer acquaintance ou the part of some of the skiff's crew. We ihad - now rolfei off .about : 10 mites from Myall Point, and aa the sun began to get rather too i'nlensely ; 'persnnal we unshipped 'the mast, &c.j; and set the awning, a pleasant roof of double twill, ex tending {torn tuck toatem, under which we wore happy and cool, end could labour away uudera nieridiiu sun as p'eaeattly as possible. The plash cf tha oirs in the ample eU earn— we were now in the fall width of the .river— gave- timely warning to many a little family of -wild ducks, And now and then alarmed the too vigilant cockatoo perchedon some commanding tree. But there was no time to squander, so we pushedon, not until we had spentB quarter, of an hour of invaluable time in a fruitlees effort lo kill a shark which bad nearly stranded himself on/oneof die shallows, doubtless intent on the chase Of some too seductive flat-tailei mullet; He'seemed about eight feet long, but, withal, very slimi &?-l was. trying to make good his wajr in abjut 18 inches of water. The country hereabout on both banks is & dense juigle of swamp oaks and cabbage-tree palms, the river still about 80 or 100 yards wide, and generally .deep enough for a fmair«hip to navigate, until a small Jake called Grass-water is reached, with beautifully green; reedy banks, the bottom covered by duck-weed, or something much like.it, and swarming with fish (chiefly mullet), wblch. flatted in and put from their weedy haunts as the skiff passed 4) ver them. ' '?';'''' .The wa*er here was evidently anything but. the pure ' briny,' for many iBcustrine plants were flourishing ou the edge of the river. At die northern end of Grasswater there iB a curious ernption of basalt, and the magnificent vegeta tion; flourishing in its decay attests the presence of a rplecdid .soil: by towering palms aud immense fig trees, all interlaced '*b'y vines of tie ducknesa of a rattan, but ap parently as: «ndless as the sermon ot a popular ' Baptist preset er.' Tbe same vine is found on ail the Wort hem rivers, and is probabjy a species of.' loya.1' We had now reachei (after 'passing through OrasBwater) a sort of champ Jin country, at least on the left bank of the river. For mile3 and miles there was a dead flat, bounded only by die range far 'away westward, and covered by a growth of broom and grflsstree springing from a soil as black as your hat, with a fctrangB sort of Tarnish on it, but all evidently almost as sour aa the eei beach. The sourness ia- probably the result of dead flatness; there is no drainage, and the floods of winter have 'little ot no outlet. Many a time on thesa plaiflBj hayie rattled uBm^nttaal walked ^long jn guest I of Quailjor Wfillaby, ^ OnjiriBciple one- should neyer eaoot 1 aii',emn%nles3; of 'cbureej for scientinb purposee; '. You'catft ] eataub',1br netBtootough anloleiHnd'us, and -though he may, afford^ypu a kind of brutal .pleadurojtp course with kangaToo, dogs, yet the quarry makes no amends' for the cruerryc He is ubt for *ny purpose a marketable com mbdityv anddiwtife early euminer months bis' dmughts and energies are moat probably intent on profound prpblems of incubation. ' The coITon die right bank (the eastern) 'seems capable of ^producing aMyditng -if !t could «nly be drained, which is pjaciically impt-sBible,ior ihe rfall is very ? slight, almost, imperceptible. ? Alt present it pjcoduces only palms and Ewamp oaks (Until jou 'approach die next lake, the Broad water- aDdvmee;andTOeVei^tation«)mmtmtb-swampy or inundated )aad./Eyeryint-w end^dien the river breaks ttirough its 'confining banks.: and spreads a marshy, reedy swamp over a few acres of l5Wgr6und, sacred to coon, wild ducks, and redbills, and to innumerable reed finches. Aboutaooupleof miles feom ; the? point where: tiifi rivet emeigesutoa spjerdid ;lake -abont jdat miles loagbydiree' wide (the Broadwater), Die .floodal gnnviiegan to make its appsarance -wittreeoever the banks were 'a' tittle above flood level, c* And ber© ? «t , Tomboys, as; the 4-laoe is acflleg, we shoved die skiffs noee, into the bank, sad went ashore to dine. Onemayaswdlueeeumprub^ words although tie dinner wasonly cold beef, damper, pickles, and guirt^pot tea. But w^iat matter the dementi when. the appetite is supreme ? At Tamboye , ihe Harbour and 'River Depart ment has done some 'useful work for the purpose of making the scuta «nd of the Broadwater navigable. ' '; I The prevailiDgnoith-eaeter, aided by the winter floods, bad almoEt cIoeM up the navigation at Tamboys. Byja series of ttdne dykes, a passage available for anything drawing about three feet of web rhas been established* and I suppose the dndge will for the future keep it at that. We were now about 20 miles from PortBtdphenp, as jtar'aa I could judge, and had cot me« »«ingle vessel oteven ft buman being of anyiUscriptknon our pa*sage. The mammalia were re presented by an occasional covr and , horse, and .once by a team of 1it«r»ied wbridngbullotk^ttie property of some nefehbommg-sawyerr bnt, diese jwere Ibe only! indicia at : . civUisation we saw. Not a cortege or a hut broke die wUd aid therefor captivatinK monotony of the river bank 1X0 knikin stemed ever to have visited those sequestered: reacbee ; no broken bottles or bits of newspaper hinted the visitetit ns of Cockneys. All was unwphifcticitett bush and river, noieelcs', innocent of tpwh *ftds, aud with diat ipde scrit able charm of -yirgin freshnesB perfuming the «ir which « me men would go a thousanff miles to iscent. Therewar rot even the hateful placard of the wTmfcy or schU4pps puehing firm. And I need hardly . W that no wlway. whistle was ever henird to break die eohtude. One could thank God that in this corner of the world, at all eventa, diere was nonewBpaper, no post, no telegraph, no anything to remind him of that implacable civilisation which we all pretend to believe in, but are forever plotting and contriving to get away from. , '?? ?'?. ' Dinner over, we passed through the channel formed by stone dyke into the lake, rousing up in our passage some hundreds of Back Swans enjoying their noonday siesta, perched on the stones about the edges of the lake, and with heads concealed under the left wing, as if thereby to make up for the want of head-coverings when the sun was high in heaven and drowsiness ruled supreme over the animal world. Here we became aware that a splendid north-easter was ruffling the surface of the lake as far as the eye could reach. Our course lay north-west for the Bulladelah River, which debouched into the Broadwater, about six miles away, under a range of hills covered with splendid timber. Bush-fires were visible in three or four directions, and one within a mile of us was obscuring the sky with volumes of lurid smoke. Why 'was 'thai brisk north-east wind *sa blithe anT exbilarcting as it wafted us past one teidUnd and another toward the reedy month of die Bnlldhdelaa River ? It was Lot so much tbe sight of innumerable swans and ducks which won die eporting heartB *-f our crew, as the sedgy ttrands receding in'o verdure-clad mountains, the crisp breeze defiled Dy no smoke, and, though we were distant only a. few ,. miles froaa the evermelo dious ocean, invigorating; an jf . -it^ swept, the topmost summits of tie Blue Mountain*. With frequent apologies to the Bwacs for disturbing them bv the unwonted intrusioa of tan tails on tbe peaceful bowm of their own beauteous domain, we Bped on to its north-west corner, and diere, for the first time, tried die quality of two choke-bores on an assemblage of coote which must have numbered not less than a thousand. They were long shots, but we picked ud seven, and felt some satietaction in die prospect of supper, for a coot, though not quite as good as a black dusk or a teal, is very good food* especially when stewed ; and, what is equally important, he is nvt a 'scheduled fairi' unijer that inexoiable Game Act of ours, like 'bis priyilegeS rountrymen, the bhwjkdttck and thelaugTiine jackass. ?'- Piok inp up our birds-^-diat , is to aiy, our supper— we dowsed sail, Bet die awning, and Again started die pereuasive eoiU oars in half-hour spells. Ihe Bullabdtlah River, or, as Borne perBocs prefer to cill it, the conttnuition of die Myall, spreads out about a mile from its entrance to the Broad water into ft little Jabyrinth, which, of course, attracts you by its wider channel. We got into the labyrinth, and found it ra blfnd lagoon, choked with bulrushes and haunted by bevies of wild iovl which knew perfectly well dial their close Eeason was not yet over. After starling hundreds of them from their lairs we harked back, and got on the main stream. Here there is no tide, and die only alteration of water-level is caused by floods. Away we sped up the river at tbo rate of six miles au hour atlenat, and after a&out; an hour's pull we found the water almost fresh, the banks covered with overhanging ti tree and a profusion of lilies, but still flat and bearing evidences of recent inundation. Presently diere was a change in the character of the vegetation. Enormous gray gums end -flooded gums lifted their crest 200 feet above the strangled underwood, and innumerable parrots and leather heads made a continual concert high up among die branches. All sorts and- sizes of staehoru ferns and other parasitic plants hung in die forks of the swamp oaks , and wildernesses of clematis drooped ia.festocns towards the ground. Huge cabbagetree palms and ferns spread out their pride of brilliant foliage and afforded a grateful shade, while on the surface of the river, still deep and wide and smooth, their varied outlines mingled, with (he stately gum trees and, the eombre foliage of swamp oaks ia a sort ot fnvertei water photograph, co perfectly defiVd that it took one some lime to determine which was the more delight ful, die picture in die water or die reality on the bonks. The small white-bellied shags were evidently much at home oa these teaches. Every hundred yards or so a family of them would crane out their inquiring neoks, as the skiff approached. some overhanging dead tree. which served them for a perch, end deprecating closer acquaintance scud away np-die river, transmitting ttieir suspicions on die way to au occasional blue crane moping on a log, or to their cousins the big- black shags, intent as usual on diving for their interminable fish dinners. ; A- few large fan- tailed divers were met without they Beetped to pay no heed to w, beyond the ordinary courtesy of projecting their slim neuks towards us; mupli after the fashion of a t ttike; Now add then' a white cockatoo would resent our disturbance of his solitude by that sharp, angry sort of croak with which; he proqMms to all and sundry that he is. ever on the alert. I have always believed that cockatoos were meant by nalura'to be die perpetual sentinels of the bush and guardians of all the feathered tribes. -How many times have they thwarted me when stalking a bevy ot black ducks on tbe upper reaches ' of the Wollondiily in old times when, we grew our own: wheat, and die cooka* toos levied tthesonit., Not much maize jb grown in the BullahdelahdiBtrict, but Jbire seems enough for the co jkatop to subsist on. After measuring «ix-or seven miles from the Broadwater we entered a magnificent reich, margined; with luxuriant trees on the bantu, and. fringed with sedges and lilies to the very edge of the wafer. ' It must have been fully two tubs long and straight as-an arrow. Here we pat on a grand spurt, aid when we reached die far end shoved die skifi's nose into the bulrushes and camped for dinner under the sbedow of some dark green cork trees. An hour's spell and a hearty meal of corned beef, damper, and tea brought us all pleasandy to opr bearings, and as die sun was getting low we lost no time in siestas or lotufl-eatihg, bat resumed the -labouring oar once' more, and oontigued our upward voyage. Thk only, living things (not.birde) which we met until we got, to -j'a mill known, as Picon's, about fopr miles * below , the village of ' BuUabnelab, were one fawyer.a ' few nomadio and«olem& working bullocks; and- Eome p^ittishly inclined , steers and heifers, which as iwe passed along the l-ask, where they were bu«y dis cuBring some water plant or other, would stare at us for a moment, .and. tbe next, with *' flage '*. ,erect and horror in ' their .faces, -ruth madly? for. .cover jintp^the neighbouring^ thickete, where the titikUng 'beU' betrayed' the presence of some eteadyanB paternal oid'*l:worier ''enjoying his well earaed rfposeJrom log-hauling. - V-» ; i; If , At 7 o'clock we reached BnUahdelah, fifterpassing a four evidences of settlement in . die shape of .decayed, fences and 6Id: cultivation paddock?,- and; 'about Wo miles below the township, an old farmhouse prettily situated underji high range of hills, but with a desolate look about it, as if- its owner end prosperity bad cot been bedfellows for a very long-time. BuUahdelah botetB of a polioe magistrate «ud a constable, and such other apparatus of civilisation as a store or two, a public-houBe, a lockup, church (or a building whkh looked asif it were meant to do duty for one), a punt, end: about a ample of dozen of scattered 'sbantiea and tumblcdowa cottages. , It- is s perched on; a declivity. -of a 6teep range on die A east bank' of die Jiver, and iiij taking it all in all;- about ihe most dis mal. God-forsaken place! erer«awv»i JSew Sou(b Wales. We (eft .die . boat tied; up to a tree ne .r -die pnnt-laoding . and landed Jo explore the village, in'q .es't of supplies. We could get neither beef nor mutton dot b icon, nor tinned prbvieions. of any kind jnore^otouriBhing than j«m« It is clearly no UBe taking money to jBnllahdelah ; youcouldnot spen'd a sovareign in a ^riontii; there except, perhaps, in gambling. ?The river yields fresh wafer enough, but ttey told me the inhabitaBts preferred ioget dieir supplies else where, as a prejudice prevails against the water of die river. We, however, used it Vithout. any evil results. Having decided that toe attraction! of Bullahdelah are con fined to die 20 miles of glorious river scenery whioh die traveller pasres to get fo it, we agreed to embirk again on die ekiff, pull down die stream -iftiiere is any' down' in so perfectly level a. waterway)* and make our oamp for die night near the desolate farmhouse. We made a verr fair camp with tbe awning and die sails, and, affer'a refreshing aigLt'srert, (following a somewhat fngal repaat andpre eeuinjc aa easily frugal breakfast, we bade gob J*oye to Bnllahaelah, and hoieted our bins petvr for da Broid mater. ' ' - : . 