to etep that way. - : GRONG GRONG. TUESDAY, March 4. Since my last, changes many and various bare taken-place in, our little Grong Grong ("Sleepy Hollow"). We have been visitw by bueh-firea, and property has been destroyed wholesale. One unfortunate man had his all destroyedi comprising G40 acres of grass and the whole of his fencing, together with a buggy and harness, and a lot of tools; it was with difficulty that his house was sard. Other settlers have also eustained severe losses, and Mr. H. Spiers, ju'nr.,'lia3 everything destroyed but the house, which is of eawn timber and would have gone'like a ; match had it not been for Mis. Spiers and another young lad}-. Those two were the only ones about at the TIME, and they succeeded in saving the house by wrenching off the palings from the fence. Strange to say, the day after the above lire another fire sprung up adjoining Messrs. Spiers and Sons' selection, but was quenched before any damage was done. Where the fire broke out it was found that it had been lighted in two places, and after it was all out it was found that the two fired had never met, but bad burned separately, one on each fide of the creek. There is no doubt but that both fires were the work of an incendiary, and it is to he hoped that such a Ecoundrel or scoundrels will some day have it brought home to them. I have had forwarded to me from the Devlin's Sidling district a sample of English malting barley, grown by Mr. T. Brimecombe, who desires that I would forward it to the Banner office, but as it was very dry and brittle I did not think it worth while. I must say, however, it was an excellent sample, and I believe that good crops could be grown in this district. • An accident happened to Mrs. J. Kennedy on Friday last. While scrubbing a floor, a needle that happen to be in one of the cracks came in contact with her haud, and broke, leaving abont a quarter of an inch in the thumb. She at once went to Narandera and consulted a surgeon, who probed for some time at it, but did not succeed in extracting it, and he recommended her to rest assured that it would work out of its own accord. The trucking-yards at Grong Grong are in course of erection, and will be very convenient for the squatters and others around here. Weather very hot and dry ; water supply getting low. If rain does not aoon come, it will be a poor look-out for those who have stock. 