COLONIAL TBLEOEAMS. VICTORIA. TFrom our own Correspondent,] Melbourne, January 21. James Marks, landlord of the Criterion Hotel, Bouike-street, surrendered to his bail at the City Court on a charge of unlawfully assaulting plain-clothes Constable Gleeson in the execution of his duty. The case vras re manded for a week. At the Footscray Police Court two young men, H. J. Elvin and T. Mills, were charged with criminally assaulting a widow named Maria Forbes, at Footscray, on Saturday. The complainant, who was in a very weak state, deposed that the two prisoners, in company with three other men whom she did not know, committed a crimirvl assault on her, preventing her from screaming by holding their hands over her mouth. On the appli cation of the police a remand was granted. The medical man who examined Mrs. Forbes found that she had been most brutally treated, and that an offence had been com mitted. Cbas. Rice, the tailor, of Prahran, who murdered hia wife and brutally assaulted his daughter, appeared at the local court to-day, and was remanded pending an inquest on the unfortunate woman's remains, wnich takes place to- morrow. Elizabeth Rice, the daughter of the murdered woman and murderer, is pro gressing favorably, and is now out of uocger. An inquest was held on the body of Samuel Kershaw, woolsorter, who was found dead in bed at the Coffee Palace, Flinders-street, on Friday. The jury found that the deceased committed suicide by poisoning himself. The evidence showed^ that Kershaw was a sober, man but eccentric. A man named Franklin was burned to death on Saturday night atlnglewood. The deceased and hia wife, who resided in a tent near the Botanic Gardens, got drunk, went to bed without undressing, and by some means set fire to the tent. The woman managed to escape, but received fearful barns. The body of her husband was found amongst the remains of the tent charred and unrecog nisable. The woman lies in a very critical condition, After a long spell of fine weather rain has come at last. It commenced to fall heavily at midnight on Sunday, and continued in cessantly till late this afternoon. News from the country shows that the rain has been pretty general, and those districts which have been suffering from bushfires have greatly benefited by the downpour, while the injury to the crops has been but slight. On Saturday a most disastrous bushfire occurred in the Barfold and Langley dis tricts, between Kjneton and Heathcote. The fire broke cut in a stubble field on Sir W. F. Mitchell's Sarfold estate, and spread with great rapidity, extending three miles along the estate, destroying ali the crops on the land between the Keathcote-road and the river Campsspe. It tbca took the grounds of Kennedy & MeKoighb, of Langley, whose crop it also destroyed. Th9 Langley post-office narrowly escaped destruc tion. A gieat quantity of fencing was also consumed. The fire burned till Sunday night, when rain commenced and extinguished it. Sir William Mitchell's loss iu crops alone is estimated at £12,000, and other property, owners and farmers have suffered similarly, but none so heavily. The crops destroyed were all cut, hut had not been removed from the fields. The loss is not covered by in surance. A telegram was received by the Premier from the Agent-General to-day, to the effect that there was every probability of the Four Million Victorian Loan, which is to be placed on the London market to-morrow, being a great success. A public welcome was tendered to-night in the Town Hall to Mr. Booth, the founder of the Blue Ribbon movement in England, by the various temperance societies in Mel bourne. The Hon. Jasur3 MuDro occupied the chair, and ou the platform were clergy men representing every Protestant denomina tion in Victoria. Mr. Booth made a long address, in the course of which ho said he would commence a mission in Tasmania, after which be would visit Victoria and the other colonies in rotation. Tbc private sittings of the Wcsleyan Con ference were brought to a conclusion to-day, previous to which the Rev. Mr. Youngman was appointed as Chinese missionary for the whole of Australia. The firBt session of the mixed Conference commenced to night, and was open to the public. The Rev. Henry Bath, the newly-elcctcd president, delivered a br:e? introductory address. Sailed—Victorian, for Adelaide. 