Agricultural and Pastoral Notes. Splendid harvest weather still contina re, and, considering the almost general heivy yields, the crops will be cut and carted at a comparative! v cheap rate. .Had rain fallen and continued a few days, the expense in such a case would have been fearfully hearv, especially at tbe extravagintly high rate of labour. Many farmers io the warmer a id earlier districts have already finished, aid tbe resnlts are satisfactory, in many instan ca exceeding anticipations. The season his been a remarkable one for the growth of grass, which is everywhere in abundan e. Boot crops are also looking wonderfully w -d, and altogether the season has been, ani is, most prosperous. Harvesting has only j: ret commenced in some of the late distr>c s. From Heathoote we learn that the 44 r h! dust," which made its appearance afortnpbt since, has alarmingly spread, and that, th< re is no doubt the yield will be Considerably reduoed in many of the wheat paddocks. In the Western . District the wfi at crops look splendid, and from 30 busbeU to . TW— Tiinr lyfry— : — : 40 b ashels per bore are anticipated. Barley is also looking well ; oatsnotquite bo good. '.I h 3 potatoes will b j a fair average. Around 'lower Hill some of tbe 'btopfe, though, are :ghfcer than usual.and do 'not promise over two cr three tons per acre, while in other arts of the distract ten tons will be <ui?. As we anticipated, bash fires are already oing damage; some ruinously so. We are ; fr iid we shall have to report most disastrous veafcs of this character in -our next issue. Foxes are becoming very numerous in other districts besides round Geelong end v the Werribee. Our Mansfield correspondent, writing on Monday, says : — A trial of one of the Osborne twine binding harvesters pur chased from D. Munro and Co. by Mr. J. H. Kelson, of this town, was made on Saturday, in a 100-acre wkeatfield belonging to Mr. Kelson. A good many armers were present. The mackihe per formed most satisfactory work, cutting an immense quantity of grain in a short space of time, and tying the sheaves most effectually, also depositing them on the ground in such a careful manner as to ensure no waste. All present expressed themselves as perfectly satisfied with the mauner in which the machine did it? work. Wri+ing on Saturday, our Tatura correspondent says: — "The heat to-day lias been intense, reaching lOldeg. in lie shade, with a hot north wind blowing. Very little of this season's grain is coming n. The farmers intend holding over for better prices. The wheat crops are not all down yet. Our Alexandra correspondent, writing on Saturday, remarks: — "The annual meeting of the Upper Goulburn Valley Pastoral Agricultural Association was held to- day. A balance-sheet was not presented. The election of officers was proceeded with as follows : — G. F. Christie, president ; R. W. Wightinan and G. Lamont, vice-presidents ; J. Scale, secre tary. The annual show is fixed for March. The harvest operations commenced to-day. Hot winds and dust prevail, but rain is threatening. A large bush-fire has been seen raging on Mount Tarbeck, fourteen miles distant." Writing on Saturday, our' Elmore correspondent says : — " Between 12 and 1 o'clock, a very extensive fire occurred at Mr. P. Cody's farm, situated about three miles from Elmore. As soon as hreshing was begun, it was discovered that oue of the stacks had caught fire through some unexpected cause. One hundred and twenty acres of crop, valued at between .£300 and £800, in four stacks, was soon in 1 lames, together with the threshing-machine, was enveloped, and the whole was in a com plete wreck." Our Cobden correspondent writes " The poisoned oats supplied by the Government officer seems to have lacked sufficient strength for the forest country, and signally failed to accomplish the intended design. Whether the poisoned grain quickly lost its virtue in this moist climate, and in the winter season, or whether- the poison, was not used in suffi- ; eisutly large proportions to do its work, we cannot tell. A Sir. Pascoe had his sus picions aroused last year. After laying a aige quantity the rabbits did not lessen much, and paid him back by eating nearly t ic whole of twenty acres of oats. This season he turned chemist, and mixed his own. The rabbits Were seen lying on every hand, and now he has the same piddock looking magnificently with oats, and scarcely a rabbit to be seen." Our KeraDg correspondent, writing on Saturday, says : — " The weather during the last few days lias been extremely favourable for harvesting, and Igood progress has been made. The irrigated crops towards the Murray have turned out well, eight, nine, and ten bags per acre beiug reaped. " Locusts are plentiful at Dooen and .Tung Jung. The grass is being spoilt, but the wheat crops are beyond injury. . Stripping operations -are being vigourously carried on v > wards the north, and good yields are b jing obtained. la travelling southward from Numurkah some very heavy crops are seen about Wuaghnu, Tallagaroopna,. Gorgnpna, and Shepparton, but there are also a number that will only give medium returns. The stripper in these localities phows. yields of Troin 16 to 25 bushels, ai.l a few as low as 10 b ashels per acre. Ae light craps are the exception, a good avers go will be maintained in these districts. Between Shepparton and Mmchison good crop ate also iLe rale, although light, ones are ocew-i anally mot with, and the same cjodition ef tilings continues southward of .Murehison, by way of Nagamblo, on to Manga! cut? and Seymour The barky crops throughout Mo:ra are likely to yield well, although the area under this cereal is not large. There are some good yields of oats about M&ngaiote;, Mcrehisot, and Violet Town ; but. as a rule, the yield will not be heavy throughout the country. The season does not appear to have been favourable to the cat crop over any considerable portion of the colony. There is a splendid crop of wheat abutting ' on the road to. Mount Moriac, a short distance from Geelong; which is excellent in appear- vance, and a sample of twenty three heads, r which wee taken from The roadside by a traveller and brought to town weighed J'.b. A Cobden resident declares that the Grass Tree Plains in the Reytesbury Forest only need developing to become a wealthy part of thpqolony. Already in one part as much as . <u8hels of oats to the acre have been ; tyiatgined, whilst rye grass and clover grow ThoSt iaxuriantly. The climate is moist and ' cool. Fruit trees grow w«Jl. . e From all portions of .the Y&rrawonga; district favourable reports as to the yield of wheat are received ; four bags to the .acre is the lowest return, and five, six, and -seven bags has been obtained. Some of the potato crops at Warrackna- beal, near Horsham, will average 5 to 6 tons per acre. Single potatoes weigh lib. and even as 'much as I Jib. The Namnrkah correspondent of the Shepparton News writes : — " The matter cf immigration is attracting some attention. e scarcity of harvest men and of domestics is becufaffng alaroiDg. To Beoure the 1 vv. services of a ' setvant-gal,' a man must be prepared to undergo the strictest cross, examination, and must observe a most respectful demeanour r throughout the pre liminaries. The engagement of a harvest hand' involves the spending of half a crown or so in shouting, and the farmer is further required to. Submit to the most rigorous conditions on the subject of 'stocking' and working hours." Concerning the season at Braidwood, the Despatch says : — " Any prospect that might have been supposed to exist as to the late crops' turning out well has been completely dissipated by the terrible weather of the past few days.1 The grass in the paddocks is all dried up, and the fruit which escaped the frost and the nightly raids of larrikins has been blown off the trees by the wind." The trial of harvesters held at Campania, in Tasmania, on Saturday, was a great success. The first prize was awarded to a Woods machine, which obtained eighty-eight points ; the seoond to a M'Cormick, With eighty- seven points; an Oaborne being third with eighty-sis points. Farm labourers are very searcs all over the colony. In Goulbarn Valley female selectors station themselves on the roads to offer travellers work. Tremendous rain is reported at Fiji. " It was as though the water was simply lifted up from the ocean in mighty tubs and slopped on to the land. The creeks rose in their might, rolled great boulders down their bedo, silted up the main bathing hole, and destroyed the Totoga one, lifted bridges away trom their places, flooded the floors of houses, caused an exodus from the Royal hotel, and ravaged fair gardens that grew, upon the banks of the suddenly formidable torrents." A stationholder in the Dawson River district has lately been much annoyed (says the Northern Argus ) at the ravages committed by dingoes. They have made sad havoc with his stack, and have actually gone so far as to attack a human being. Tney are seldom known to go so farsstliafc in their depredatory excursions. A few days ago a y-.-uog la iy went out to bring in the calves, and as she did not return search was made. It appears two dingoes made for the cattie.ani she attempted to drive them away. The dogs bailed her up and tore the skirt of her drees. Fortunately, a tree was at hand, into which she climbed, and remained until assistance came and the disgces were driven off. Large parties are being despatched from Adelaide for the destruction of rabbiiS on the Darling. Wages of 25s. a week are offe:ed, with all found. Men are being engaged for six months. Potatoes are only worth 40s. per ton in. Warmambooi. The drought is becoming a serious matter at Noumea. Worst time since 1877, and stock perishing in numbers. Cor Tela working on the roads are setting fire to grace in all directions. - Messrs. C. Vauglian and Co., of Ballarat, last season (the Courier states) received a consignment of Spanish wheat for seed, and being a variety new to this market, several farmers tried it as an experiment. The result has surpassed the expectations of the growers, the yield of hay being from five to seven tons to the acre, and so sweet and fresh- coloured that the horses reject the ordinary hay in favour of it. The heavy yield per acre "is due to the straw being solid, while that of other wheat is hollow. Bush fires are reported at Cootamundra and Yass. Large areas of grass have been destroyed. The wheat crops are looking well in the Blayney district. The following paragraph from the San Francisco Bulletin will be read with in terest : — "Mr. James Winter, an Austra lian sheep farmer, arrived at New York on the 3rd November. I am,' said he here for the purpose of purchasing sheep to ship to Australia. I was here last spring, made some purchases, and shipped a number. Since then, I have been , in England and Scotland examining stock, but the foot and mouth disease is overrunning England and Sootland, and I made 110 purchases. I shall remain in this city for a few days, and then go to Montana- I may buy there, but will surely buy in California if no sheep there have the plague, but my buying depends on whether or not the colonies will admit stock from the country. I notice New Zealand has shut her doors on the importation of sheep and cattle, and possibly other countries have followed her. I shall buy Spanish Merinos, 1 the infantas, , which have been kept pure here in the United States. When I get them to Australia, they will be crossed with our entire stock, the Australian Merinos. I sell my fleece for 30c. undressed, and some times I have received 45c. for it. I have about 25,000 acres, of which 7,000 are in lucerne grass or alfalfa. The lucerne is capable of supporting fifty sheep a season on. one acre. My farm has stocked on it about 48,000 sheep, 10,000 head of cattle, and 500 horses.' " iHBBBiBMBMSMBnnnnBmraiBi 