iiims or J2eip g. Latest Cablegrams bring the grati fying intelligence that the French Senate has so far modified the Recidiviste BUI, that the settlements to which criminals may be sent is to be left to the Government, and not ab solutely fixed by tbe two Chambers. Hence, if Mr. Ferry is as friendly disposed towards the English as some allege, his Government may rest content with Cayenne and other French convict settlements without sending criminals ont to these seas. If so, the modi fication will be really beneficial to ns. One hundred thousand supporters of the Liberal party in the House of Commons have met in Hyde Park, and carried resolutions favoring the abolition of the Honse of; Lords. Arrival of the Mail.— The R.M.S. " Carthage " reached Hobson's Bay on Sun day morning, and her mails were delivered in Hamilton yesterday afternoon. Parliamentary.— This week both Houses of Parliament will be busy. In the Legislative Council — as indicated by the notice paper — the Assembly's amendments in the Mining on Private Property Bill will be considered first ; and the Land Bill will be taken in committee afterwards. There are fonr Government orders of the day and four relating to' general business, promising enough work for at least two sittings. The Legal Professions Bill will probably come on on Wednesday. In the Legislative Assembly, the Railway Bill will have precedence throughout tbe week. A Serious Accident occurred on Saturday .evening. It appears that Mrs. Ison was driving home, a spirited young horse being m tbe shafts, when, jnst after pasting the bridge over Hie Grange Creek on the Dnnkeld road, the animal attempted to bolt, swerved' over the sidling, and Mrs. Ison was thrown ont. Landing upon her head she fractured her skull, breaking, as Dr. Scott subsequently found, one of the -tem poral bones. The trap did not capsize, it being the angle it described ss it waa going over the sidling that caused Mrs. Ison to lose her balance. The unfortunate lady was quickly conveyed home and placed onderthe treatment of Dr. Scott. She remained un conscious nntil Sunday bat, not having again been called out on Monday, ber medical at tendant has hopes of her ultimate recovery. The Federal Movement. — A Be li ter's telegram, published on Saturday, stated that Lord Derby announced in the House of Lords that " if tbe assent of New South Wales was, received in time. Her Majesty's.: Government would introduce a Federation Enabling Bill into the House of Lords this session." ' The telegram from tbe Argus correspondent indicated that it was the "decision" of New South Wales for which the Government were waiting, and that announcement is borne oat by a tele gram to Mr. Service from Mr. Murray Smith, in -which be (Mr. Smith) intimates' that the "introduction of the bill in the autumn session will not be made to depend upon New South Wales agree ing, thongh they propose to await the re sult of tbe debate which is to take place on , the qnestion in the New South Wales Legis lature this week. The Skene Trophies. — Four dubs have 'nominated for the Skene cricket trophies, viz. : — Byadak Excelsior, Hai.mil- ton, Karabeal, and Portland. When Kara-., beal has appointed its delegate, a meeting will Imoonveneal to draWjetc.' The Presentation of Fjoate. — We whave beed requested by Mr. W. G. Farroll , to stntethatke didmbt supply the whole<ol thete"-TSMBeufcedto:the .Rev; Mr. MacJ millan ,om»®iursday.. evening, but that it wae.furnisjied by:dr,Block and himself, Hamilton Midstjmmeb Meeting. The sub committee appointed to draw up a programme for an " off-day " during De cember and fix date of same, met yesterday at the Victoria Hotel and discussed matters. Casterton had secured the llth December, Wlckliffe the 5th, and it was not thought advisable or fair to come between the two meetings, and, perhaps, spoil both. At the same time the fact was not lost sight of, that owing to the weights for oar last annual meeting appearing before the Casterton gathering, (which preceded oors) was held, the results at Casterton prevented some owners from sending their horses here. It was, therefore, determined to hold tbe Ham ilton meeting on the ISth December, a week after Casterton, bnt not to have the weightB published until the 13th December, so as to allow the b an di cappers the benefit of seeing what tbe nags engaged at Casterton were able to do under the imposts there placed upon them. A programme containing six events, all of them short, so as to agree with the views of country horse-owners, was tneii compiled, and is published in another column. By this it will be seen the added money amounts to the nice Uttle boot of £ 155, and for this money there should be splendid competition, especially as the Casterton racing will give the handicappers such an excellent line to go by, and enable them to allocate most of tbe weights according to the latest form displayed. An amateur race for a bracelet was also mooted, and it is not improbable that that item will yet be added to what is already a most excellent bill of fare for an " Off Day." A Fancy Dress Match. — A some what novel match at cricket is to be played on the Hamilton ground to-morrow after noon between Employers and Employes. The employers will appear in ordinary attire, but the employes will don fancy costumes. The employers' team will be chosen from Messrs. Block, Churchill, Craig, Denton (2), Donnon, Farroll, FergusoD, Fletcher, Giles, Gooderidge, Hamilton, Mott, Murphy, Payne, Pilven, Kippon, Sandy, Walter and Woffinden. The Don Caesars de Bazan, Hamlets, Captains Porter, Iagos, Johnny Ah Ya's, Othellos and all tbe otherU's will be represented by eleven chosen from the under mentioned, viz : — Messrs. Avendolph, Blake- more, Barnett, Clarke, Destree, Friend, W. Gafiney, Henty. Keegan, Keeping, Kerr, Lowe, Moore, O'Brieo, Rutherford, Samp son, Sense, Smith and Tocker. Play will commence at 3 o'clock sharp, and an Amusing game, if not first-class cricket, may be relied upon. A Very Interesting Phenomenon (writes our Harrow Correspondent) was visible in tbe heavens here on Friday last at noon. It consisted of a black circle around the sun, resembling the dark smoke which issnes from a bush-fire, and the size of the circle usually seen on moonlight nights around the moon when the atmosphere is saturated with dampness. At 1230 a half- circle was formed on the outside which was not so dark as the inner circle, and differed to it in not appearing so black and having the prismatic colours of the rainbow slightly developed. Smoked glass by many savants was soon called into requisition, and when it was discovered that the face of tbe sun was perfectly clear, all thought at once it was no more than atmos pheric action, nevertheless it was very pretty to watch. At 12.45 the portion of the outer circle aisappeared entirely, ana a quarter of an hour afterwards a break occurred in the northern portion of the entire circle, taking the form at first of cirrus clouds, but soon after of white smoke. The latter part of the circle passed away entirely as white smoke, but seemed to form almost immediately into three long, stringy, white clouds, so familiar to all of us on a very hot day. Of course, we had amongst us those of different opinions watching the affair, some of whom declared it was a sign of rain, others of wind, and so on. Whatever may be the various opinions, I look upon it as a mere atmospheric dis turbance, of unusual occurrence, hut to what cause it may be attributed I have not the least idea. The same phenomenon was also observed by our Balmoral correspondent. The Bowling Club. — The adjourned annual meeting of members of the Hamilton Bowling Club was held yesterday at the Mechanics' Institute, when the attendance was so numerous as to justify a belief that the game has become very popular here, and will be better patronised than ever. Mr. Rippon, president, occupied the chair, and Mr. Routledge reported what had been done by the ground committee since the close of last season, the result being that the green waa in a better condition than ever. The Treasurer's balance-sheet showed a deficit of £54 0s 6d, which Mr. Begg looked npon as a satisfactory state of affairs, the fact being taken into consideration that the club bad been put tj such great expense in making the ground, which expense would not again have to be incurred. Then came the election of officers. Mr. Kippon positively declined re-election as President. Hehadobly occupied the position when seeking to estab lish the club, considered the honor should not be monopolised, and would prefer to see a gentleman elected to the position who would Shiels said that on competitions the future success of the club would depend, and it ebould be an understood thing that whoever might be elected president and rice-presi dents, would be expected to give trophies ; there should also be a champion trophy sub scribed for by the club. Sir. Rippon pro posed Mr. W. Thomson as president, seconded by Mr. Learmonth and carried unanimously. Mr. Thomson, in acknow ledging the honor conferred upon him, pro mised to give a trophy, and do his utmost to advance the interests of the club. Mr. L. Horwitz was re-elected rice-president, and Mr._ Learmonth elected as his colleague. Amidst applause Mr. Begg was re-elected, hon. treasurer, and Mr. Shiels appointed to succeed Mr. Craig, who declined reelection as hon. secretary. The following were ap pointed as a general committee, viz. : — Messrs. Dunnon, MLuckie, Mott, Smith, and C. A Wiggins. Ground committee — Messrs. Begg, Routledge, and Shiels. Match committee — Messrs. Horwitz, Begg, Rout ledge, Shiels, and C. A Wiggins. After a discussion of a conversational character, the proceedings terminated. The Land Act.— Applications ap proved. Licenses, sec. 19 — A S. Car- tmchael, Kaladbro ; S. A.. Radley, Mirran- atwa ; S. Robottom, Banangal ; J. Fennel!, Iangkoop ; J. Fletcher and G. Steel, Eden hope ; E. P. Gambles, Tnrandurey ; J. H. Nltschke, Areegra ; J. Byrne, Wallup ; J. Maquinnes, jun., Werrigar ; H. Collard, Katyil ; G. Scburmann, Bungalaliy ; J. Ward, Dimboola ; J. A Pedder, Bangerang; T. Eagle, S. J. Keating, A A. Tyers, and M. Hickey, sen., Wonwondah A J. Walter and H. Elliott, Knaawing ; S. Malfdcm inn k a.unl I WA.4- A Qnantong. License, sec. 19 — M. Fennel, Langkoop. Leases, sec. 20— J. R. Hed- ditcb, Kentbruck ; W, Humphries, Killara. Open for selection on an'd after Friday, 7th Nov. at 9 a.m. — 300 acres, Warraquil, formerly selected by Miaa J. B. Wallis. Moonee Valley Races — " The Leviathan," as Mr. Joseph Thompson, the great metallician, is sometimes called, arrived from Sydney on Saturday, and was received at tbe Spencer -street station by a large number of friends and metallicians, Mr. Garton providing a four-in-hand for " The King of the Ring," who thus made a triumphal progress to tbe bettine rooms. Subsequently he visited the Moonee Ponds races, and there saw Erie win the All-Aged Stakes. Umbra being second, and Wolariey third. The Ngarveno Handicap was appro priated by Virtue, Merry Fenella second, and Pvrette third. Next came the Selling Bsc, won by the old Western District horse Hannibal, who again changed hands, this time being bought by Mr. Wilson, of Dandenong, for 55 guineas. The event of the day was, however, the Moonee Valley Cup .of 200 sovs., with the Dnminy trophy of 50 guineas. For this, although twenty- three started. Meteor was made the favorite at 3 to J, and managed, after a brilliant dis play of riding by Moore,' to win by a head. Iralee being second, and- Yately third. The mile was ran by the winner in 1 min. 454 seconds. The Clown won the Steeplechase, Knlkyne being second, and|Union Jsmk third. The meeting concluded with. ,the Phoenix Handicap, won by Prodigal, with Mary second, and Virtue third. Hospital Sunday in the Hamilton district will be held'on tbe third Sunday in November, bnt Sunday 'lost was the day appointed in Melbourne for the annual charitable collections. Monday's Argus The Hospital Sunday collections made - yesterday were 'larger- than in any previous year. The necessarily inltomplete total given this morning ta £4J32ot £7O0 in exews of the corresponding figures for 1883, 0=i '&»« YK-milC Coleraine Reaper and Bisdee Contest.— The agricultural show committee I of the Coleraine Pastoral and Agricultural I Society met on Saturday to consider the I arrangements for the proposed reaper and I binder contest, to he held next month. It I was decided to offer £20 for the first prize. I £10 for the second, £5 for the third, and the judges' certificate for the fourth. The com- I petition is to be open to all reaping and hind- 1 iug machines, and the entries are to be made on or before the 15th November. The date of the competition is not yet fixed. The contest will be held on the farm of Mr Thomas Tcmpleton, Muntham Mains, about three miles from Coleraine. The machines are to cut one acre of ripe barley and one f ' acre of wheaten bay. Baptist Sunday School versary services, in connection with this school, were held on Sunday, sermons bcinc preached in the morning by the Rev J Smith and in the evening by the Rev R Henderson. In the afternoon a floral servtn, was held, for which the church had beea very tastefully decorated with fiowera and as most of the children present had' also some in their hands or on their dresses, the effect was very pleasing. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Bacon, Filmer and M'Donald, who each chose for their subject something connected with flowers and ap propriate to the occasion. The platform vraj oscnpied by a choir of Sunday scholars who sang a number of hymns during the service, under the leadership oi Mr. Hodges. The National Bank.— The fifty. second half-yearly report of this bant ii published in full in our advertising columns, ttuu Uiawwaca a omvc ui aiid-lrS Inftt but be looked upon as extremely satisfactory by all fortau&te; enough to hold shares fo the company. The extraordinary iocime is tbe deposits shows tbe confidence placed in the management of this financial institution they having risen from £4,790,227 ii the March quarter of this year to £6,320)905 for the quarter ending -with Sep tember, an increase of £1,530.G7S. For tbe last-mentioned period also tbe specie and cash balances amounted to £1,527,32, as against £735,755, an increase of £791,977 the Government debentures to £586,000 as against £259, S00, an increase of £296,200 the advances to £5,224,149, as against £5,155,346, showing an increase of £65,803 and the reserve fund to £330,000, as against £320,000, an advance of £10,000. Tbe net profit for the half-year is put down at £61,842 10s 4d, to which is added £1,497 lis Sd for recoveries connected with debts pre viously written off, and a balance of £9,038 15s brought forward from the previous half, year, making a total sum of £70,714 Oa <I available tor distribution. Oat of this, the directors recommend tbe payment of a dividend at the rate of 124 Per cent, per annum = £50,000, and a bonus at the rate of li per cent, =£,6,000 ; £10,000 to be paid into the reserve fund, as mentioned shore, and £4,714 0a Id to be carried forward. Silyerton. — A Earner Ranges cor respondent of the Tatiara Mail writes " Besides the silver mines there are some good discoveries of copper and tin. There are several copper claims that in a few years hence when there arc facilities for working them, will no doubt pay well. At Pohmacca where the tin mines arc situated, several fresh discoveries have lately been made by a nartv formed bv Mr. James Donaldson, of Hamilton, in the Western district of Vic- I toria, and a Mr. Molloy. These sew finds are said to be very valuable and will probably j be the means of attracting more prospectors to the fields where they were discovered. I They are situated about sixty miles to the 1 north of Silverton, and have only recently been discovered." The Portland Road.— At the last i meeting of the Portland Shire Council ex- ! caption was taken to some remarks alleged to have beeu made by Mr. Orme, P.M., at the magisterial enquiry held on the body of the late Mr. Pearson, on the dangerous state ot the road where the fatal accident took place. Since then Mr. Orme has been so much out of town in the discharge of his duty that, until Saturday, we were not ae to communicate with him. Oa that da" ascertained from him that he made no Birch remarks. On the contrary, he visited the ecene of the accident and found a thoroughly cleared road one chain and a half wide, the log at which the capsize happened being away from the cleared space. We hasten to make this correction, and can only add the information was supplied by a well-known resident of Branxholme. on whose word wc placed every reliance. It seems, however, our informant was present for a few moments only at the enqniry, and must have based bis remarks on hearsay. Omission. — In printing the address to the Rev. J. K. MacmiUan, the name of 'J. E. Keonan, Mayor," the first on the list, was omitted. The American War. — Rainer's beautifully painted panorama of the Ameri can War has so often been seen here that any praise is unnecessary. The rising gener ation, however, will be delighted to observe, by an advertisement, that it is again to be on view at the Town Hall on Thursday and following evenings, when, ss an addition attraction, many gifts will be distributed. Important Sale of Suburban Pko- pebtr. — On Thursday Messrs. Walter and Stretch will hold a most Important sale of agricultural land in close proximity to Ham ilton, so close indeed as to come under the category of suburban lands. It consists altogether of 160 acres, owned by Messrs. Deutscher Bros., divided into three lots of 55, with a substantial dwelling thereon, 2Sj and 77 acres respectively, all well watered, some of it with a frontage to the Grange Creek, and about two miles from the Post- office. — Advt. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites, Surgeon Dentist, Koroit-st., Warrnambool, can be consulted as follows : — Portland, Macs Hotel, November 27th and 2Sth ; Hamilton, Commercial Hotel, Nov. 29th and 30th; Coleraine, Wells' Hotel, December 1st ; Casterton, Burt's Hotel, Dec. 2nd and 3rd ; Chetwynd, Hill's Hotel, December 4th ; Harrow, Guille's Hotel, Dec. 5th and 6th ; Balmoral, Western Hotel, Dec. Sfch ; Caven dish, Jones' Hotel, December 9th ; Hamilton (return) December 10th. — Advt. 