GOULBURN VOLUNTEER FIRE BRIGADE Tue ntenual meeting of the volunteer fire-.brig ld was held at thle tnechanics illstitue on \Wdnue lay ervening. There were seelt thirty ml.lnl?t.ei oI f the briga??t present, lt very few of lthe citi.:ees lh,, subscribe put in ntl appearance. .Mr. S. Moyer was voted to the chair, and read the nlnonomencut showing the purplose of the meeting. He theu called upon .Mr. t. It. Ltaws, tho hon. secretary, who reand the followiug second Annual . ie roUiT. n Itllhyie b:lrer yon thLio recnd ieport of oth Goalbnrt Volteter irie-ltigtlceto.our emalttls deione It esxpcs, tbtir gmrtiflnaton at tJ e ,oudy seprondrse-o .the hrigate·, buth 0, reSanlt nurne erO. seantra: ad.ttheir ttdiridual tt-Lnnmelltl as firemen. . , It Is alsosneainftos totdh?Lthj ?nllsiabsccrf senafagie m s that havo oeenetri dn ty cl t ste i mo?lthn., al ing t, ths promrpl J?..1,itonh,,hh htc. ltreos ben dtelt ?old, the damayes shioenhoent ha-e onlY. boc e f t slightl charac?r. It .ntdt be e it lltf Ite tt.ci grenerl.y wsen bear iten minll the neces?t of keepiti away from their Ieem sees atl matoeril of a hlyst o fltammabe'nanret, steoo-spnrk from chih e crs or Inatclhe ea celns olo rppee oftel lesad todisatmsne reulls. tI.elcente as mesctin th lbs repL too t tthe s5pcey Urecsiou: of the neer fire-bell, and sour ommlttee hare mnrh rl.?ohur i:l etieicg lilt this hbe nor een pseperly bL ol. the 5ir el tre.setatiou, at the small const of S9 0; aend the brtigvle desire to tender their thaeeulo o these who so "readily cutribellls. to.anl its puonrchae. . " Youor cnolel ler l uleotesie to erfess dtheir apprresaticn at the nrualnler sl llih the brigode beo rrltecontc the city in she dilfruet dltllOsllotitrns they Slre ateodd, tt iz., SIa et lho interh, Souil, hSect In S yetneys foretuher tc; at eebicb tiec h?oy ..tructll Ihtirl lrim l SuIhe ownr-ne iu.-nelliiOn, alsa Leills rell up ite sllelho contetle--notably not menaking a lnituct isl any of tre sc. \WitL rofrer?eto 'hel dmn?ostrationl o Sange, ?ltl on te.emretr ?th. we thae to report moit fteseoably of thet IICe het ltoot na?etnsnelb o y the msnser iur which they nere trated, vit.. the disnualtii c onte nr utlnnst gmunds Ifr firs pldece in thse tor anld?nsesn ess cos rnle?l?e This cnoisetl of as omlj tiois to oer neldfpanebr, itnah-mnet toho ther onge of Ibkle on boo straedp, which straps are useatal enLentIel by oan ,liede a s tlhey grealtyf ftlltate the s me l.gettiig into arlive ostk on a dak nilght. The'teamtitr iepptrilte?n t the Dte ltloormtion commitotaenpprvodol and paseol thew ltraps; ie lheeelm e?ntend they had e no right to uctertain aney (t edt in sncetion tlhreelth. ]Vnetrtr:ntsonly, id thO ey te?rnrtai thae cletele, boLt rcresentattres of bleiglcte uomlptieg in lhes" parlielear secetl;, as oloe the xaneiner who passed seud t. isel ofC Ihe strnc, formut he thboned o adnjudinle lcther the crte,ts eee Jlnst r not.. 'lThli is in point olffect tnalanonuoe t, It eorsee sitling in Junltgent upo his own?-,se and slonld deil shor decision would .lave Lbeen e-lltl aes sastiesctry. \e de-ie tI thank the Mhblieeo Orange, whbo expressed Lhir Supatlly for tShe enjust insller It which our men rcie treatedl is these rumpctilietse. - .: > .··! . In cnclneioes. your emmittle oungrnlalnlo the colony x1it Ilaieg an s?uilnbly-dratl FireuBrhgaloS Bill, lhich it iSs hlcd tel 'eto IS. bnoghlt' into tsse in this citry an t it s highly dciralbo that' the fi-?citlltelshling-appatlns shuld be ccc elneol eja he the tirehase of a stesm IO-eeugiie Your ce?oemil?ee s ptevou nah lsuIn ssaticlg that tIe i-late n -iits of two mannal fire cla gi, huorrel, r?:20 foot vlla:li :,.I ho.c l fen kiher oe, all of which are ee in gol conlilitl : snntdic--harness, ee?-Lnckeste ncaas-hose 1iL1) fr et, ned Tie teoln. sseretary moved tihe adoption of tlhe report, nad expressed his satisfatelion nt its fanorable natote. Mr. W. J. Young seconded the motion, which was lthen put and carried Iy acclamnation. Mr. J. rowrhtil, heln. trearnsurer, nest real the balance.shteect as fllows : IDL~tcdO-5500T 163t. Dec £ e. d Jme er.-To asht bainnee in bauk ................ i 0 10 Aeg. 15.-- . douatic from A.J.S. Bako ............ :1 0 2.-, .diSto' Orientnti ec .:... ... 1 i 9 cc o.t.-_. ditto cummereeial B.. ............. .- ditto lak of SN.,W. ....... i. 0 t.--. itB .S. and A.C. Bank .......... 11 0 ditto W.el onolllys q.,...:: ....... 1 e 0 .- Collecton?see er.J.' Co-t ::er".:. ...' 1 e n e1.. al Co.......;.............. ]0 o 10- C etruhs ftteu oses hrdcetnrye-h ciasee n sO I 0 . 55 .- -- ice'.. ip mp i I! -£0 - eo InJ lrbspaiBdahl fuerlptelyen shtoE.Lo .... 2 0e -A g.7 I.-- + ditto' ditt- .. belli n d .... 5 1 Ii Oct L I.- rent ol erborhis ihintc s'IunlnShlste.:.... 2 0 0 07 eesaberiptioS dtooles Sn Aseteie thons ... 1 1 0 or.` ..- ,Gas Co. aroemt....;.......l....... .. 1 U.. .T . DoeweueeedCo., sundiosedserr eneees 7 1 0 :. Dlet. printing!......5.0..0...;..... . 210 0 *• .McealySand , hopnnl s , .. .... O U 0 .'brughrate? . .... 0 1t 7 LLucloanddOenme, prSutee g.s .:e......;... 0 i 0 • J.leorris, rellringcannveatank ..... .:., l SBranable, ga-fitig .. . ...e... .. 10-c0 ,.eanses , giee . ........' ........... 05 0 Oleonlebnm leranS, printlng......;....... 5 9 . Bru LodgeL forLorchre ..'......... Ic0 0 lOe:. 01.- . lleee ie n ...B ................. 5 li 0 The teen. trcasurer then moved ilte noptiun of thle bhlauece-heetel. :Ie stated that he wans unable to give thle sonues of soue of the slbsctibcrs tlhrough tle collector neglecting to get them; aleo that lie eunderstood ther cre ser e sebscrilplions iu lthe eollsctor' puossession of which the treansurer Ihad not yet recivced a ne acollt. Mr. W. Martin seconded the motion. lIe said le 50was qui0 ceC1itai Iromc thic ellisiency lice cel showedLcL that sheol1 a neessyrccc.iy rise fsr their services they woccldl nlot bie lfound eanli sg. In rtcferetue tli o enleibeiolle of £i0 fronl Sdydne)y, the oecrtary :lctated that it was nult Ilee ecude donationl UIf .eO Iprlised by the icclla'cl tl eoln. paici, bhit wa5 thel ee auual contributihi front the Syli ty nadsuciatio. They had rcceicdt oue £50 frollci the illsclraclllc escucrsiec, elld Lhi 0 ollcer was to leo aid ias suod. ac Mr. Sapbctinlelsdecl Down hadI saticlicd Ihiells t that lce brigadu was efficientl. Mr. Supcrintesudent cMain hald written to 3IMr. eewni ackie c Iie to atteolnd and examinni e tilie bringade as to its ciliciee.y, lnt he had nolt doue so, need it soelnctn lthat uw there wold c it e muie dificlte y it gscltiig tlIce eonccc ic licel celltelleies" lirc-bligade wase dish eclecd. Mr. J. O't1ion sphlio in support of tile motion, and ceodeinmud the11 a)athy shewn by tile insurancai colpallies tuoward tlhe, bhigade, takiug as an inlstance tie explltses of thlt mien who visitaid the demonstra. lion at Orange, whicr welre tilf paid by tihe man and tihe other hain by the citizens, whilst the companies did not cotributei a farthing. The mnution was then put and carried unani rmoily. A daicussion arrse as to whetier it would be legal for the superintendent, MIr. Main, to i-oave a iuntion of which in accordanre with tbh bytlaws he hat given notico to the chairinan of thie eomluittee, buti whichi had not reached the secretary so ais fotr him to give the required notice of fourteen days to the rlllembers of the bti,,rade. The Chairman irled that the motion could not be put. The elcetinu of officers was Itheu proceeded with and resulted as followa s : -Super intendent, Mr. Jamrus harln (unopposed)) ; captain rof No. I engine, tIr. 11. Fltetcher (ullOpprrr d)i ; captain of No. 2 g'llllle, MIr. G. Taylor-the other candidates were Messrs. Fry and idwallds. CJoullllitteerrieri eluded by the le llC1 bers of the brigadte, Atssre. W'. Maitin, E. Gillespie, aud OtBrien ; .ecrtary, Mr. E. i. Lsaws (unopposed) ; treareier, Mr. J. ?iroawnhill (Lun)rpesea); engineers, No. t engine, MLc?rsa. Fry and Carts; tgiineerr , No. 0e ogle, .tes-r. tlies antd r?Ilhalmn ; liuntenaut for hook antd ilddcer, Ir. U. Kinrg. T'i latil'smentioncdt appatatusi, although ordered frotr Amerirca for solane time and the invoice of which ra-d been received, la, net yet arrive,. The letwly clected thicers l i ce tir members for their election. 'lThr acr t u'r thieC at the rl'lqest of tile supeliru. tendent read ti(e corresplodenre wllieh had passed in r,,erense' to the demonstration at Orange, which showed that tie Gi.utlbrut men had clearly won two prizes which were afterwardsi wrougs(IIlly bestuwcd eol tlhe lcale and the Theatre RIoyal brigades. Mr. Superintrlndent Main then1 stated that as no trdrass had been obtained Ile hoped the press would ixprose tire matter. I1u considered that the nlavor and crineid of Orange had not acted rightly in de t!ining to intertere, seeing they had bestowed their riaronage on tile deImonstration. ie alnso complaiued of tile praurets being referred to atbitrators who awrsy cemlpetitnt.s in the contest, vi.:., the Thiestro Itiya-l and the ltedfler brigades. tr. Sutrperinten dent irian had llchewll great want of ct ourtesi y in not replying t to te letter written to him inl reference to his having passed the hosee with thi coupling upon it. 'Tih Chairman proposed s a vote of thanks to tihe hrigade for their services, anld bore testimony to the great state of elliciencr they had arrived at, menu. tioning the alacrity with which the brigada turned out it, tile late tire inl Auburn.street. Xtr. E. (Gillespie seccnded thie motion, and it was suitatbly aekntowl-egrid Iy the suporintendeat. A vote of thakl;s to tile ehairmau cenretludd the busilSes. ThI meting then adjourned for a fortnight to permit of abr. )ain's 1,, tinm being brought forward. )I. A. RI rTr.s D.A. Li',in., n.sidrat manatcr at Ilaistailla College, urnidertakes private tuition in carious scdolastic ul'jercts, ncversity erxami tiu atio, ,Cc. -te sos gout teotissassiats fromin resideauls sit \ enon a sat Tasasaniia. FoisTn lius: ta o tei Zrsraaati.-Aucsktau, Wed. neoavt1 .--- L asttittsgnss soss bts ans r'cnired ttsat (rie Biaijusso tle), ands Me I reut' altis, tios sen del; tr.3'uil b Y file ait iteioitle. Isattis, a cook iii Lisa aitel, and ioasuir, an ass asisant in the ntora, rtero burunsl to dleath.-Tnlograsim to Dily Tvlob'raphl, Tli: Its?ht:tt.--The f.:lt?,ing io li-t' Inaistr ltest rnstr for the mouth iof Februatry:-.. F. GI a o, ltt and 201h: F. F. (Gb,tt, 1st and 'Oth: .1. S. I I ryes. lth anl .'I2d dl. I1 lrlo :u ;. lhii, a ":i : T1'. Mai.14.5'l.th aon : 21th ; A. 3Ickt.l:lltr. tllm and '2.lth ; S. M, .yer, ith anl 27th ; Cut t:n 1t ,>i. 0 th ancl 2ith ; 1. Shltph rd. Ith and 2i th ; '. 1:ill, 11th ; S. 11. flelher, 11th ; A. S. Chi- .thll, 1:31 ; W . Counmlf, 13th; .1.Cliff I, 13th; W. II. tLVI, 1I)th A. G. Fnflay. 1th ; W. S. I,,xall, Ilth. CousntrtoNs,, ltat: ers.-The f.ollor?ing flce titlns were token ltip on Tur lay iltt :--At Gul burn: Willinam tHIonry Maynard, 10 aeres, Ilills; Henry Mtthetov We?etcr, .0ll acres, lhilas; Geltoro? Murray, 40 aotes, Vlillas; 'atticl: Clantrcy, 1710 aer. s, Camptton anlt Gtrrtrnda; Tholai; 1lety C.t:oburI , 1511 acres. Ulitigalla. At (;unltiumg: )i. aod It. Momris, executor; of the late J. D. Morris, 150 acre , Lt-,omnter; WTillitn Thomas ntsh, 0 acre.., intlfou ; Johtl Paget, 110 nere, itomtuner. At Yaas Tlhere were nto selectiotns at Ya-s on Ttturstday. Tutr: M ictrle.t, E?Lt:ctrleO. - It is generally ttunthdratool that thelr will be no contest fur the south ward, MIr. Ic Govertn not being disposed to go to the poll. There is likely to be a close contest fur the centre ward. The fliendsl of the respective can didatcs have held meetingtg and formed c:orking committees on their behalf, and a good deal of interest is token in tihe result. tovnttmti Coti.otsr.-Mr. W. Southall, relturning from his visit to lEurope, arrived at Aditetdile by the (;fronnut on Saturday last. Ile intelndeid to come oil to Melllonrue by the Garonnlle, and thence over. laund to Gottlburit. lie is cxpected home to-day or to-tnorrow. Crntors II:esr.T oor ts ACCIIteT. - Aboult six weeks ago James Rtilty, twenty-live years of age, employed on the Goulburn to Coomna railway exten sion, near Torago, weas felling a treo when he was strtuck by a iapling in the furehead1. The blow caused a nwelling which went on increasing till it became as large o as a tna0' ist. On Ti'hutsday last oomtte persaon advisoed him to apply siome Oeid to the swelling, wthicth he did, and soon afterwarls the Iblood pollted tot to aono cetortauu extett--he says half a bucket full. The consequence was he i as so weakened that it was thought necessary Ie should be brought to lthe hospital, where Ie tws admitted at midnight, and iE now untder treatment. Till: P'crIoee Sctoot. Ft:Es.--lt appears ftom the financial statelntI of the colonial Ireasurcr that the govermneut do not intend to abolish the public school fees. In answer to an inlerjeclion by ain honorable tmemtber, Mr. Dibbj sail,-" This govern. ntent does not propose to tak'e (,ff thle school feces. The h,?s,; lase?dl a resolhtion to that ,ffect, but we d1o not intend to net upon it. I do not think the house intended' it wle it passed tile resolutiou, and I think the schools give a fair relturn in i?struc tion for thie fees, and that we ough't not to take theoe fort off." Cocu:ncn.-Onl Thturaslay evening, in the hall of tihe mechallnic institute, a good and well.arrang,.d progralme of vocal and pianoforte music was giren by the Misses Fitzgerald. Tihe attendance was small, the rresrved seats being tihe only ones patronicedn. Mr. Bmry opened the conselt with au overture; after which a trio. I Saw from the ieanch, was sang by tile Misses and Mr. J. G. Fitzgerald, and lmuch applauded; but the sole, lu My Wild Mountain Valley, by Miss M. Fitzgerald, was scarcely so well responded to. Tile duet, Tot' ltaRmntlli, by the Misses Fitzgerald, was excellently rendered ; and the solo, A to 0 Cara, su?g iy Miss ilitzgenald, who possesses a rich anld clear contralto voice, :tl with a welt-dservesd encore. The sale, Let M3e LJve Thee, iby Mr. Fitzgerald, and the trio, Tihe Colin', by thle Misses and Mr. Fitzgerald, were very well rendered, the latter receiving an encroe. Part II was alEO opened by Mr. Barry with ar over ture, which was well received ; as was also a trio, Are Maria, ,by the Misses and Mr. Fitzgerald. A solo, O Salutaris, was next sung by Miss Fitzgerald. A duet, IFve Wanndered in Dreams, by Mliss M. and Mr. Fitzgerald, was exce-edingly well given, and was encored. In the solo, Vieni ! la nia Vendetta, sung in Italian, Mr. Fitzgerald shaowedt that he was a thorough master of tIn.ie, and he was well applauded. A solo, Art ThInun not Dear, by 'Miss iM. Fitzgeraln1. wan well stirul; s was also the duct, Flow Gently, Ie, ea, by iss and 3Ir. Fitzgerald. The concert closed with the Natiounal Anlhemn. Ti aundicnce, though sntall, thoiroughly appreciated tile pr.grammelln put before them. C enrlcu or Estil,.slt.-The Bisihop of Goulburn arrived at Teunora on Wedinesday oil hvis vistation tour. A Niev FVisti.-The Melbourne correspol)nldent of the 8.3I. IHerabil esys:-A new lish was cauiglht in tine western district of Victoria which is abouit four or live inches in length, hasall dark sll d polts, and posssses it delicious flavour. It is inot Imuntaint trout. Okl residents declare that they cever saw it befe e. NeI:W .lll.wnAY Ticr.T.nr.liE..-lt is tilhe intention of the railway departuntlnt to bring into olpelanlion next tMonday, tine ltht instant, a new railway tinse table. Ainong the alterations ar the the folloing : Southern line.--DLown trains: is T excrsion train which now leaves Syduey for Gioulburn aIt 7.55 ii.11m. on Saturdays, to sal tat nt 39 a In. insteadt. Tihe mixsed train leaving (Goulbur for llardeu at 1.15 p.m. daily, to leave at t1.30 p.mi. The imixed train leaving Harden for iWagga at an.m. to leave ait ).it a.n. instead. Thel express train now timed to leave Sydlney it 5 p.m. will start lit the llnlie time, out will arrive at Albury ontl ui'r earlier tihan at present. Tihe nail-traiu whitich now leaves Sydnehoy at 8.310 . in. will start at 3 .ll'. inistead, runniilg hIalf-an. tlour later throughout. Up-trains : The imixed train leaving \\\Vagtg for larden at 7.30 a.mn. will start at 8 an.m. ii:teatd. Tle upl mail nowi lenvin:lg Albury nt 2.13 p.to. will start at 2.:5 p.mi., and arrive at Syduy alt i.l10 a nn. inslead of at 7 a.m. na at Ireset. Thi tourist train now timed (Monilays olll) toI leave G(ulburn at 3.25 a.m. will leave at 5.15 p.nlm. Tie mixed train leaving Albury at 10 a.nl. Tile express tarnu wlhich now Ieaves Albury iat 11.15 1.in. will stat at tile sameno time as at present, but will arrive ill Sydney at 12.:10 p.m. instead of 1.15 p.m. Souith-VWestern line: The mail train will leave llnce Junllinl lit 5'.53 a.mn. instead of 9.20 a.m., but will arrive at IIay it tihe same timeO as alt prosent. Coouma line : The Inail train will leave Gnoulburn for Tarago ialf-ann-hour earlier than at preselnt ; and oin thea nu journey will leave Tarogo a ulllarter of an hour catlier thau iat present. Otn Saturdays the trloias tined to leave Tarago at 11.45 pumn. will leave at 5.1S p.mtn., and the train now leaving (ototlbur ait Sa. li. oil Mlondays will leave at 7 a.m. instead. t'ounsnlt:r-e n .vt AtatIIn . .-The bench of mangis. triates at Araluen have appointed SMr. Aiden Doyle to be poundklceper at that place, in the room of Mfr. W. 11. Johnsoti, who uhas left the district. 'T'ur: Connol.A RI.ibWAY I-Exeresnm?.-~lMr. Ryrie in. forms us thatl he was told the other day by air. Whitton that within a Inonth tlenders will be called for the exteusion of tile railway liten to Conma from Bungendure to Micalego.-ldraidwood Dispatch. Tun Mcrliuten olrn ti.vriinsr.-The vexed qltes. lion of the seat of Mr. I. B. Sutter for lanthursst was settled in the Legislative Assembly on Thnurs. day. Otn the motion of Sir Jolhn Robertson, tihe ih-nse by a majority of i33 to 21, declared the seat to ibe vacant. The Speaker has since issued his writ for ia new election, the date of nominnation being 8th February, polling day 11th February, and return of writ lith February. Mining--Bookham is likely ere long to become an important mining township, as there are no less than four distinct lodes known to exist within a radius of five miles. First the Bookham galena mine, second the Mylora galena mine, third the Bogolong iron mine, and fourth the Bogolong copper mine. The Murrumbidgee copper mine is also within sixteen miles of Bookham, and is pronounced to be a good dividend-paying one, while the Wool- garlo galena mine, the property of Mr. A McCallum, is also within twelve miles of Bookham, and a like distance from Yass. Then whole of these mines with the exception of the last-named, are mineral condi- tional purchases, and belong to a mining syndicate at Hay, while Mr. Vicq of Bookham has a sleeping share in each. The ore from the Bogolong and Mylora mines has been tested at the Bank of England, and the assay certificate shows the follow ing results :-Bogolong-galena, 2 dwts. 19 grs. fine gold, 16 oz. silver, and 65 per cent. of lead to the ton. Mylora- galena, gold 1/2 oz., silver 10oz., and 75 percent. of lead to the ton. The samples sent to be assayed consisted of ore taken from the surface, and unpicked; consequently the test may be looked upon as a fair one. That the Yass district is rich in mineral deposits there can be no doubt, and as there seems to be a growing disposition to test the value of the lodes at present known, as well as a desire to prospect for others, hopes may be entertained that something will shortly be done towards development. -Yass Courier. Thie iplice of New South Wales are to be strength. iened by the alppointment of four sull-inspectort, seve I sergeants, thirty-sou constables, anll ten black-h'lwl,,rs. Sour stomnach, silk heandahe, ani di.:;:iness, Hop Jlitters curet with a few doses. Sec advts. A Fine C.ast.:n 10 . M.2faa .-A tele;ranm from It.uric re1p?orts thai a ire occtllted there the other day. wheion a ir:al cottage owned by F. ,' allace, an omph,.yo in te I-rrcwery, rwan completely dcstractdl, tohtlr aith bvlythling thiatein. Mr.. iWallace w1alowlye:ea5pd inllth Ler lif, eilig silightly burllned. The pr, ,ily wai. nolit inanrcd, and thi lea, is esti. Inlted a utaibaut l17). Tl'e tilta ??:s cal?lvi by a ,t':aicp., ,ki:ng ait ollme was matcihes ntil one got itaitned and set the euatain on file. lMr.. Wallace, a hin ieavird the bird plcking, tolh ano notice of it until she di.c erad that the iplae was in tttune., her attentio, being called to the fact by the screams ,f the Ilmagie, whichl just managed to flutter out of the tlannla and oscapl. C.\Ia ::a;All .-Thei Necanatle Chrotnicle repotl I that l Ir. T' hmta: lHfIngerfard, the ex-.LmembIer for Nitthutnberlald. hans lust letrnlled frlom a four Wnaltlhs" tour in tihet Gull of Carlpentaria country; and he pronuunceni it the grandest stretch of countll in the ctn lonies for grazing piurpoles, and sta'tes that there is onle Inearly uninhabited tract over there capable of carrying at least two ttilliun cattle. There is abundance of grass and water. PIoroslt: ALME:DIUENT oF I DOa Acr.-In the a-aembly on the 25th JlanTuay, Mr. Mc Court ob tained leave to iltroduce a bill to amend the Dog Act Amendment Act of 1873. The bill was then broughllt up, read a lit ti=tme, and the second reading lild an order o fer the day far Tuesday, 4th March. Tile I); Act a at nra:sent in force hias ibee found, in the ol l-settlte d:-itsii atall evcunt, to hu a hard ship as well as a great inconvenience to farmlerl and others. fly the -tth section of tlt Amending Act of 1.75 the Governer ainy retend the law to anty police district in the colony, but he has no power, if so advisaed by the executive council, to afterwards exempt such district from operation of thi act. The bill now introdunced will confer that nower upon thile Governor with the advice of the executive conncil, anll iI passed into ltla the whole or any portion of thie Ierritna or any other police di,'tict may bl exempted from the operation of tilh Dog Act. Seritineer. \Wr.st;r.a:.--Th sittilng of the Wesleyau con. forence were continuatd on Wednesday. It was de cided, amongist ther thingn, that iiianma and Nymagute shuld have additional uaimsters, provided sipphal: can be obtained. Additional ministers are also t ie I l ppi- iutal d to Lugar lriae, Waverley, Single. tilt, Aluaidtle, and (hlen Ilnes circuits, attd Stanley str."lt, Bti:L:ue. It was agreed to establish 1new statilins at Iun;rke and Narrandera. The number of nleunc-r churches was read, the o.tatistiCe show. ia' thi.L thllre had been during the year a total iclte.?n iin Noew South Wales and Qtuensland of 403:, i".hilat ;;:I were on trial; in tihe Friendly Isl :. ditrict ant in:crease of 83, whilst 237 are on trial. Th, re had also been ilcreases in Fiji, New rit!:tin l:: N ew Ireland, and Samoa. The list of mini. Il.te in connection with the conference was precdted, and gave thei following totals:--Ministers, in5; -ip'rmtineraties, 1,; preachers on trial, 38; ogratl t it:li. 1:i:--lT tlmixd conference resumed its slttta; ?i I Ttihasdy. AmIngst other butsiness tauln.? ild, the report of thle Sunday-schools wasv pIre-II.t"d by the Ilee. It. Caldweall, and was as fol los: --Sydney district, 9 t schools ; Bathurst, 52 ; Mai':id, i12 ; Armidale and Grafton, :G; Goulburn, 5 ; (Q I:l:ilnd, 5i ! ; total, 328, being 1an increase of 21 s.a,; ole for the year 1893. Theru is an inrcrase of I1,7 ins tilhe unliber of teachers, thae number this year I, i;,g 23l1;; an increase of 51 in the teachlers who iare meitbtier f the church, the number being 1737\. The number of scholars in the ecLools is 22.lii., being an increase of 1i10t over last year. The ,,mhii r of scholars who are members of the cltlhch is 539, an increase of l1 under this head. Great natialitelion n was expressed that in all the most important diepartmellnts of the worl k there is steady prlogreas. Iallating toolk place for lth election of Ieprslcntatives to attend the general conferenco in New ZIal'1and, with the following result :-The leva. W. Clirke, It. Sidllors, G. Martin, J. A. Nolan, J. B. Watethouse, J. I. Moulton, L. Fison, Geo. BIrowne, C. Stead, \\\\. Curnllw, W. Moore, J. W. Brown, M. II. PI'.kiIton, J. Gatdiner, F. Tait, and Messrs. W. Rlobson, I. J:nmes, jun., G. Crawshaw, W. 11. Mo CCllland, O. O. DIatgar, I'. P. Fletcher, G. T. IIhn11, T. Cttunlting, Wt. Briggs, G. Webb, P. Miller, J. It. Youd:tl, W'. Arnot, lV. Glasson, iMc Known, H. C. Fasier, T. Fcati;ier, anld W. Kellett. Tu'n: C.ATAL.\P.AI IPI.\Tsr ON AT COOTr.sAMUNDS . During the recent visit of tie 110ion. J. I'. Abbott to Coatasounlra he inspected the plantation of catalpa trees there, andt found then to be in a llosrishing state; and by a report made to the minietur for mines Iby Mr. Duff, inspector of forests, it appears that the trees are remarkably healthy and vigorous in thesir growth. Ifo concludes that theo oil and climate of the district where they have been planted are very suitable for the tree. This tree, catlolpa u.'iv, r, is one of the most valuable in the American lurestIs. It is remarikable for its durability and sizo, and sfor its i.perviousnuss to damp, and it is con sidered specially suitable for the construction of bridges, for railway sleepers, and for other purposes requiring a hard durable wood. It hasd not been introduced into this colony prior to the plantation being formed at Cooltanundra, and it is succeeding so well thero that MIr. Abbott intends to extend tihe experiment to other parts of the colony.-S. Mt. tHerald. Lscllstsm:n's ASOLO.-AEsIl .c.s sIINSTEistLS played to a good house at the mechanics' institute last night, and entertained their audience in their accustomed style of smingled pathos, humour, and fun. They offer a good bill for this evening, the particulars of whichl will be found in the advertising colnlllumns. Ta: HEASON: IN LQUErrSLsoD.-The Brisbane cor respondent of the S. r. Herald, under date 25th January, says-" The Iheat continues to be dreadful. This strong adjective is not in the least exaggerative. The lonsg list of casualties which the papers are publishing day after day are verily appalling. Sudden deaths in all parts of the colony. Many a drinking bout has during the present month culminated in swift decease. BJut it is not hard drinkers who aloneo succtnb. The fierce heat strikes down the traveller on the highway, the labourer at his work, the domestic in the house. I' never before heard of anything lilke theo number of deaths from heat apoplexy. Hospitals overyswhere are full of patients, many of them languishing in the impotency of low fever. Bad air, bad smells, bad water, combine to produce bad health. Wo have no sign of change. Clouds gather, but disperse again, without leaving behind the one great boon we are all craving for." iSince the above was written copious rains are ro. ported from all parts of Queensland.] The late Professor IHolloway, died worth five millions of money. IHo bequeathed the greater part of it to charitable institutions. Mr. Butoteficeld anuounces that the comet dis. covered by Mr. Iloss, of Elsternwick, is without doubt D'Arrest's comet, and that it passed perihelion twenty-six days earlier than was predicted. An extensive bush-fire brokeo out on Wednesday at Warradlerry, near Grenfell. Shortly alter it was discovered, IMrs. Cotter, the wife of a farmler, was so severely burned that she died Irom the effects of the shock. 