LATEST INTELLIGENCE. Sydney, Thursday. Ifto great bushhro, which broko out at Araiah on Saturday, has boon twico Bubdued and twico has broken out again. The grass was of groat height, and tho flames spread ranidilv. At last it was stopped by tho roads and crooks dividin" the adjoining stations from Araiah, after burn- Mff jtOOO acros of grass and a milo of fencing. Mr Mackenzie, the inspector of sheep, who was charged to traco and quarantine a mob of sheep, which had come to Wagga in infected trucks, left for Tumborumba in pursuit of tho suspocted flock, who aro now mixed witli a mob of 14,000 travelling to Now Mcrriinoru. A man named Nosworth has bocu drowned at tho Serpontino Station. A shunter named .Tosoph Adams was run over last night at the Homobush station by somo goods trucks, and killed ou tho spot. I _ Adelaide, Thursday. I The intercolonial crickot match was continued to-day, and resulted in a victory for the Vic torians by fouy wickets. Tho bowling of tho South Australians was weak. Out of soven inatchos played botwoon these colonies Victoria has won five. Tho total scores of both innings were— South Australia, 054 ; Victoria, 054, with four wickots to fall in the socond innings. The cool weather, which wo have been onjoy- I mg for tho past week, suddenly changed this morning to a scorching north wind, and at tho presont time tho air is donse witli dust and ox- tremoly disngrooable. Tho prorogation of Parliament takes place to day at 3.15 p.m. A body guard of volunteers, a band, and some mounted rifles havo been or dered to be present. Amongst tho passengers by tho s.s. Adelaide for Melbourne is Mr Matthew Burnett, and a number of sporting men. At tho inquost on the body of tho ninn Hazolwood, who was killod at tho Laura railway works by a ballast truck, tiio verdiot of tho jury was that tho deceased met his death by failing through an open trap-door in tho truck, owing to the negloct of Michael Hogan. A rider was attached that the contractor was greatly to blamo for phtcing such a negligent man in a responsible position. Deceased loaves a widow and three children. 