FIRE AT LONG'S PLAINS. An enquiry into the cause of the destruc tive fire which occurred at Long's Plains on Wednesday, February 13, was held by Mr. G. M&r;&hman; on Saturday, February 1G. A number of farmers lost considerably by the tire, hervestcd wheat and hay being princi pally consumed. John U»ronde, tanner, stated at the inquest that he saw the fire conuEg in a north-westerly direction from Mr. Andrew Barr'd place. He was of opinion that the Bush Fires Act had not been com plied with by those persons who caused the fire. He lost property to the amount of £1CO. Daniel K.- needy, farmer, said he was in tewn at tbe time of the fire, bat returned home through a report he saw in the Adver liter. Everything on his land was burnt ex cept tbe house. He lost about forty toats o? hay, ttabies, sheds, uig«*ye( hztn, yard, Eincty-cno bags of ?Kheufc.stedtOK'tr.hitriiess, &c; . Know nothing as to the origin of the are f xcepticg what appeared in ihsj piper. W*» rot insured, and eet bis lo.-s do sa at £303. Thomas Kennedy, farmer, said Mr. B*rr in formed him he was going to barn scrub oa the ISth inst , snd gave witness notice ot his intention. The fire was net started till sbe following Wcdnesdey. T«o of Mr. Birr's men, Ferguson and Ladd, came about 9.30 a n-. on Wednesday to tell witness they had starttd the fire under orders from their master. The wind was blowing very strongly from the north-west. Witness had lostabsat £80 worth of property. Believed the bush fires regulations were not complied witb. In answer to Mr. Barr, witness stated that he did not tell Richard Ferguson on Wedaesday mo ruing that he would do Mr. Barr all the injury that lsy in his power. Sever promised to plough a chain wide to protect his pro petty. Did sot state that the place where the fire was started was sufficiently cleared. Ktnneoy also taid he haci only received a verbal iiotice from Sir. Barr, and. that on the Tuesday before the fire he did not consider the ground sufficiently cleared. E i ward Bell, farm laborer, deposed that he was working for Mr. .barr. Told Ferguson and Laid to burn the scrub, as be considered it a favor able day for that purpose. Nobody autho rised him to tell the men, and he did not usually take tbe responsibility of ordering tbe men to tura scrub. Gave the order, as BIr. Birr was ilL Helped to clear the laud cf all underwood that would ignite, and also of the kangaroo grabs. Oa Tuesday Mr. Barr ssid witness was on no account to start the fire that day unkss he (ilr. Birr) attended to the clearing. Considered he had ele&rf.d; enough space, bnd thought Mr. T. Kennedy had cleared bis stubble. Told the master that Mr. T. Kennedy had arr&n;^ed to clear oue ebaio wide of stabbic. He would BVK.EJ; thai the lire wmcu sv&s; lib on Tuesday «Iid not spread tc wLere the fire was oa Wed Dttdtij. The scrub was lit ou the northeast corner, and there were also two men burning on the fctiulh. Know nothing aUouc the Bash Fireb Act. Had no reasoa to believe th*t Mr. T. Kennedy bore Sir. Barr aay iii fetliKg. Joseph L--id, farm liborcr, stM ie renafmbcrtd Mr. liarr teilirg Mr. Bull that on no account was the fire to be lit. Mr. Bell told the men to light the tire, au-i he thought it was bj the ma-jcera orders that this was done. Would not have set the scrub oil fire had he k&cwn; that Mr. Kennedy had not ploughed his land as agreed. Richard Ferguson, farm laborer, tatd Air. Bell give orders about the burciog. Assisted to make things clear. Kues- noshing about the Bavh Fire3 Act. Mr. Kennedy told witness oa Tuesday lutixicg that he was going to plcut-h around his laud. Another laborer in ilr. Jiarr's emploj-, named James Pochard, alto deposed as to receiving orders from Sir. Bell, ard to clearing the scrub previous to fctartitg tbe fire. Andrew Birr, farmer, oi Wild Korbe Plains, stated that he was ia bad till about 10 30 s.ai. on tbe 13;h iast. oa account of iliiicss. Told Air. Bell on Tues day to clear the scrub preparatory to settiig it alight, biit ca no account so do so unkts witness * as present. Witness tiOJittiaics gave Bell orders to couvey to the men, but he bad lo more responsibility than tho others. Mr. T. Kcttedj promised to take suflixeut pneau'ion to prevent the J-pread of the fire on to bis lacd. Tiie jury returned the fol lowifcg verdict : — ' That Ed»-ard Bell, Joseph Lⅆ, Richard Ferguson, J^aics Pritchard, Thomas Haulon. Jehu S&muelsou;, and Michael Cocnors are ihu men through whom tbe fireoiiginated by which the tuf fercrs lost their proptrtj, and tbafc they did ?.t in direct opposition to taeir duster's orders and through non-comv'liarice with tha Bush Fires Act.' The following rider was at tached: — 'That it is accessary tha; more care fchould be taken in fuiuie by people burring either scrub or stubble in order to save their neiehbor'is property ; and farther, that Edward Bell is deservirjg of severe can* sure for acting in this matter without hu master's orders.' The following items are e xtranted from tho general orders issued from the Staff Office on Friday, February 15 :— 1. Captain for the ensuing week, Capt, Reid ; subaltern, Lieut. Page. 2 The following are the drills for Match : —Class-firing. 1, 15, and 29 ; battalion drill, S and 22 ; B Battery, field gun practice, Dry Creek, March 22 ; moonlight parades may be held on March 7, 10, or 1L 3. The following time- expired men are discharged :— Privates C. Kelson, B Company; A. G. Paze, D Company; S. Bailey, F Company ; QL H itne, F Company; W. Rowe, F Company; J. ColwelL G Company ; J. G. Bishop, G Com pany ; J. Scholes, Reserve ; G. Poole, Re utrve; Sergeant W. E. Allen. 4. Corporal Lavcr in transferred from F Company to »he Reserve. 5 The undermentioned men are tranferrrd to the unattached list, viz. :-A Company, Privates T. Duckworth aad R. ^Andrews ; B Company, . D. I*. Caiman ; C Company, J. Dixon ;-E.' Stevenson 'and E. Sullivan ; D Company, Private McShaoe ; F Ccropac;, G L. Carter; K Company, J. DbwDBBtd J.Tiaey. 