NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Correspondent] Sydney, December 28. Mort & Co. disposed of wheat to-day at 4s.6½d. The inquest is concluded on the man Hayes who was found dead at Marryckville with his skull fractured a fortnight ago An open verdict was returned, the jury recommending the Government to offer a reward to clear up the mystery as the case is surrounded with grave suspicion. Sydney, December 30. Owing to the annoyance caused by proces- sions of Salvation and Skeleton Armies in Maitland .and Newcastle, and the aasurance of the police officers stationed in these dis- tricts that they had no power to interfere with the armies whilst they kept on the move and did .not commit any actual assault, the muni- cipal councils of the two districts have passed a by-law forbidding such processions, except in cases where the consent of the mayor of the borough has been obtained. The West Maitland Council sent its by-law to the Attorney-General for approval, but Mr. Palley has declined to approve of it on the ground that it is ultra vires. Canon Stephen, of St. Paul's, Bedfern, is suffering from ssrious illness. For some time past the canon -has attended too closely to parochial duties, and owing to that and other circumstances his strength gave way. On Christmas night paralysis of the brain was threatened, but though much prostrated the patient was slightly better to-night. It will be a considerable time before he will be able to .resume his duties. A man who gave his name as Paddy Malli day was found on Saturday afternoon lying near St. Mary's gate,£with a stab, apparently inflicted by a clasp knife, on his right side. He was removed to the hospital by a cab man, when it was ascertained that the wound was not of. a serious nature. Maliiday states that he had gone up to a stall near the gate to buy some fruit, when he fell down suddenly. This- account is considered by the pcKce authorities to be unsatisfactory. During a strong north-east wind which pre^ailtd on Saturday several boats under sail capsized, but the occupants were all rescued safciy. One lot was picked up by a boat belonging to the &bip; City of Nankin, and another by a tm≪ steam- launch. A large boat capsized about 1 o'clock to-day in Mof-strtan's Bay. A passing steamer picke i up the occupants of the boat. Sydney, December 31. . A bush fire yesterd&y; at Conloy Vale and Cabramatta destroyed much property. A cottage occupied by a man named Lane and his family was burned, but the furniture was saved. A cottage belonging to Michael Murphy, with its contents, was destroyed. Wcch fencing was burned down. Francis Scaulan was brought up at the Central Police Court to-day for an indecent assault on a child four years of age, and waa committed for trial. A[match for £1,000 a-ide, half, forfeit, has been made between the Hon. Jas. White's two-year-old-Iolanthe, by Maribyruong from Kosedale, and Mr. N. Cooper's Buckingham, by Cbandos from Lady Chester. The match will take place &t; Baudwick on the Last Saturday of the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting. The distance is six. furlongs; weights — Buckingham 8 fit. 10 lb?., Iolanthe 8 st 8 lbs. The* Hen G. H. Beid, Minister of Public Instruction, has placed thirty thousand pounds upon the draft Estimates for ISSi, jn aid of technical education in New South Wales. The Rev. Dr. Ellis, late of St Andrews Cathedral, who leaves for Newcastle diocese, was presented to-night with an address and a cheque for £127 by members of the Church of England. Mr. J. Perry, secretary of TafctersalTs Club bas been appointed secretary of the New South Wales Coursing Club vice C. Gregory resigned. By the arrival of Che A.SJtf. Co.'s steam ship Quiraiog from Queensland ports weleara that the ship Eastern Monarch, of the Monarch line, is ashore. Captain McLean of tbe Quiraing, states that at 3,30 p.m. on the 25th he observed a large ship, which turned out to be theEastera Monarch, onshore on the south- west end of Holboume Island, which lies 19 miles north, half east from tbe Bowen lighthouse. The vessel, which was commanded by Captain White, went ashore at 7 o'clock on Tuesday, December 25 during thick hazy weather with light beff&cg; winds. As the weather was fine from the south-east and the tide making Captain White did not require assistance from the Quiraing, and fully expected to be able together off tnateveningoronnext morn ing's tide. The ehip was fairly protected from the south, but fully exposed to northerly weather. She was bound from Cleveland Bay for Calcutta, in ballast. Sydney, January L About 1 o'clock this morning a fire was discovered on the premises of Jno. Melliday and Company, produce agents, Sussex-street, near Market-street. The alarm having been given the fire brigades were promptly in attendance, but the fire was extinguished by means of buckets of water, and the reels had not to be resorted to. The damage done is not considerable. At an early hour this morning a fire broke - out in a stable at the rear of Selwynstreet, the property of Johnson, the well-known fruiterer of George- street markets, and ex tended to adjoining premises occupied by Sinu's mangle faotory^andbothbuiklinga were totally destroyed. When the fire was firrt discovered an ineffectual effort was mtde to extinguish it with buckets of water. By the time the first engine had arrived itbadguned astwDgholdonthe buildings, and as groat difficulty -was experienced in getting water it was impossible to do more titan prevent the spread rf the conflagration. Abtmt 210,000 passengers were carried on the New South Wales railways during the Christmas week. Disastrous bushfires have occurred near Yass, Cootamundra, and Cowra, and crop j, houses, and fencing have been burned. The Government has ordered from England three large breechloading guns and six Nor denfeldt guns. Of Che three large guns one is 8-inch l»re snd 11J tons, and the others 10-inch and 23 tons. One will be mounted on Bear Island, Botany Bay, and the other two at the Heads. The Nordenfeldts are also for cue at the Heads to prevent bindings being effected and to stop torpedo operations. About noon a darlDg attempt at burglary was frustrated in a prompt ana clever manner at Queen-street, Woolahra. A young l&dy; who resides in that thoroughfare saw two fluspicions'looking men upon the foot path. They made their way into the house of Mrs. Clark, who with her family fcao left on a holiday. Luckily Sub-Inspector X.i ntbal came along, and the girl told him. Immediately he sent the girl's father to the heck of tbe house, and kept watch upon the front himEelf. Suddenly the frost door was unlocked, and quickly opened. The inspector feteppc d into the hall aud collared one man, snd the girl's father captured the other. They found on the prisoners eleven skeleton keys, a quantity of jewellery, aud £6 in ca3h. Tbe Countess of Rosebery has given a handsome donation of toys to the children in the benevolent asylum in Pitt street This afternoon the schooner May Newton, lying at Lismore Wharf, had a narrow escape from destruction by fire. Fortunately, Mr. Palmer, of the Chronicle, was going up the river in a boat, aud being delayed on the wharf discovered that ths galley and a coil cf rope were in flames. He immediately jumped on board and gave tbe alarm. He was heartily assisted by the crew, and they succeeded in getting the fire under before serious damage was clone. Yesterday morning Carlton'a store, at JJisMs, was totally destroyed by fire. Captain Howard, of the barque Remijio, which arrived to day from San Francisco, repeats ^having sighted a barquentine ashore on the south-east point of the Elizabeth reef. When paeeiog the Remijio tried to work up to her, but tbe current was so strong that they could gain nothing. The vessel, as far as could be seen, did sot appear to have been ashore for any length of time as her spurs were all standing and the square sails flying. She was perfectly upright aud did not appear to move. The officers of the Remijio went aloft and viewed the wreck with glasses, but could see nothing of boats. The current near tbe reef sent the Remijio over SO miles to the north in less than 4S hours. Sydney, January 2. H.M.S. Miranda reports that while at the islands she found ibat Captain PhiUip3, of the schooner Saucy Jack, of Wellington, had deserted his vessel. A man was got to navi gate her to Noumea, where she was handed over to the British consul. Sixty-two thousand five hundred bales of wc&l; arrived for shipment during December. Juro Lacc-y, of Cowra, has been killed. by a fall from a hone. The City of Sydney takes 1,250 bales of wool for San Francisco to-morrow. The C&lcdcmen; takes 2,000 bales for Marseilles. Thee. Connell, fireman in the Government employment, whilst walking along a line of rails in the Rodfcrn station about 1 o'clock did not notice an engine approaching, atd tras in ccnsrqucnce knocked down and run over. His left Scot was crushed, his left thigh fractured, and his right leg crushed above the knee. He was removed to the hospital, where it was found necessary to am putate the left leg below the knee and the right leg through the thigh. The shock to Oon nell's system was great, and he is in a very prostrate condition. He is about 59 years ot age, and has been twenty-eight years in the Government service. A telegram has been received by tbe Colonial Secretary from the Agent-General, stating that the steamship Warwick has been chartered by the Orient Company to leave London on the 19th inst. with 540 immi grants for Sydney. A man named William Jas. Moon died suddenly in the Waverly tram this morning. The deceased, who was i9 years old, left home shortly after breakfast and ran some distance to catch tbe tram. After entering ' the car fee appeared to get very weak, a^d suddenly expired. 