General News. Every copy of the November number of the Austrian Printers' Gazette was seized in consequence of it containing an article criticising the Government. Four German newspapers are pub lished in Paris. The .Russian Government has bought the liberal paper the Golos (voice) for 400,000 rpubles, as there was no other way of silencing it. James Gordon Bennett, of the New York Herald, and .T. W. Mackay have subscribed 6,000,000 dollars for laying two new Atlaatic cables. It is said a magazine will be shortly published containing articles written ex clusively by the nobility and gencry. It will be edited by a peer, and will be called Lords. Mr Jaffray, proprietor of the Birming ham Daily Post, has offered £20,000 to build a hospital for that town. The Christmas number of the Paris Figaro was printed by Letts, Son and Co., of London. There are 330 native newspapers in India. There are 70,774 printers in the United States, where there are 938 daily papers. A German at Cleveland, - Ohio, the other day, bet another man a few dollars that he would drink fifteen glasses of whiskey in fifteen minutes. He won his wager, which was expended a day or two after iu a coffin. Umbrellas of natural flowers have been introduced at Nice. The blossoms en tirely cover the outside, the handles are of bamboo in rustic shape, and the lining is thin white silk. One of these floral curiosities, recently sent to a Parisian bride, was made of Parma violets, with a border of white jesamine imitation lace. WILKIE COLLINS'S novel, "TheWoman in White," is being translated into the Bengali language. NEVER RETURN.-It is said that one out of every four real invalids who go to foreign coun tries to recover he&ltn; never return, except as a corpse. The undertakers, next to the hotel keepers, have the most profitable business. This excessive mortality may be prevented and patients saved and cured under the care of friends and l«>ve<J ones at home, if they* will hut use Hop Bitters in time. ON Saturday week a most disastrous bushfire occurred in the Barford and Langley districts, between Kyneton and Heathcote. Tha fire broke out in a stubble field on Sir W. F. Mitchell's Bar fold estate, and spread with great rapidity, extending three miles along the estate, destroying all the crops on the land between the Heathcote-road and the River Campaspe. It then took the grounds of Kennedy and McKnight, of Langley, whose crop it also destroyed. The Lang ley post-office narrowly escaped destruc tion. A great quantity of fencing was also consumed. The fire burned till Sun day night, when rain commenced and extinguished it. Sir William Mitchell's loss in crops alone is estimated at £12,000, and other property-owners and farmers have suffered similarly, but none so heavily. The crops destroyed were all cut, but had not been removed from the fields. The loss is not covered by in surance. An edition of the Bible has been pub lished in the Zulu language. The LiUimur Courier writes:-" A caEe of some little importance to Victorians has been occupying the attention of the Narracoorte Police Court on two occa sions during the past three or four weeks. On Monday, 7thinst., two brothers, Wil liam and Nicholas Herring, late of Kaniva, were brought up on a warant from Vic toria charged with larceny as bailees. It appears that the defendants gave Messrs. Joseph and Harris, of Lilliinur North, a bill of sale over a team of bullocks and waggon as security for the amount of their account, and soon afterwards took their departure over the Border, neglec ting however to leave the property thus secured. After some little trouble Messrs Joseph and Harris at length discovered that their missing customers were at Nar raooorte, and Mr. Harris securing a war ! rant from Nhill and the services of the local police officer, proceeded to Narra coorte, first telegraphing to the police at that township to arrest them. On arrival it was found that the defendants had been f duly arrested, and, as before stated, were brought up to answer the charge of lar ceny. The most expeditious method of dealing with the case, and one which the provisions of the ' Fugitive Offenders' Act," which came into operation on the 1st of January gave him power to do, would have been for the magistrate to endorse the warrant under which the de fendants were arrested, and then remand them to Victoria; but he, presumably in ignorance of the terms or application of the act, remanded them for a week to allow of the depositions being brought from Nhill, which depositions, by the way, were not required under the act above named. On the 15th inst. the constable from Nhill went over to Narracoorte, where the magistrate endorsed the war rant (no despositions were forthcoming however), and remanded the defendants to the Nhill court, but as the solicitor for the defendants had in the interval resolved to apply for a writ of habeas corpus the decision was not to be carried into effect for ten days, pending the result of the ap plication to the Supreme Court in Ade laide. The case has given rise to a good deal of dissatisfaction, as it is felt that the S.M. was in exactly the same position as regards the case on the first day as he was on the second, and therefore the first remand was altogether unnecessary, and only entitled the trouble and expense of an extra journey upon the Victorian police to no purpose." WHAT WAS WANTED - Take Cross's indigestion Drops and get cured. The New York Times tells the following story of a cat and a goldfish :-" William Brinkerhoff, of Philadelphia, is the owner of an aquarium. At one time it was well stocked with goldfish, which, however, through the neglect of a careless , servant, became reduced to a single sur vivor. This one has been the object of the most jealous care on the part of Mr. Brinkerhoff, who objected strenuously to the introduction iDco his household in July last of a large Maltese cat, the pet of his youngest daughter. The child, however, overruled her father's objec tions, and secured a berth for her pet, promising to guard the goldfish from its attentions. That she had sot kept the engagement was proved to her father as he entered the little parlor of his residence and found the cat its sole occupant save the goldfish in the globe, for which grimalkin was evidently preparing to make a fishing excursion. For this pur pose, apparently, it leaped upon a chair at the side of the glass. The fish showed signs of consciousness of the cat's ap proach, but no fsar. On the contrary, it rubbed its nose against the glass and splashed its tail in the water, as if to attract the cat's attention. The gold' fish came to the surface, blowing in a manner which Mr. Brinker hoff characterises as impatient Upon this the cat, raising itself on the edge of the bowl, reached over a paw. The gold fish swam gent'y directly tinder it, when the cat softly stroked its back, purring meanwhile with great contentment. The fish,. however, seemed still unsatisfied, and darting away from its strange com panion, swam.rapidly about the bowl, and thea sought bottom. The cat remained in its position as if puzzled. Shortly afterwards the fish came to the surface again and mapped at a fly which was crossing the water, and -rested, after having done so, on the edge «f the bowl The «at, seeming to appreciate the situa tion, with a single swift movement caught the fly and dropped it into the month of its finny friend. The latter then sub mitted contentedly to the back-scratch ing endearment which it had before re sented. Mr. Brinkerhoff ascertained from his little girl that the strange com panionship had existed for some weeks, but -she had feared to tell of it, as her negligence had allowed its formation." 