TOWH NEWS. THE SKETCHES. The April number of The Australasian S&lcher; is perhaps the best which has ever beeu issued. As an Easter number, itoontains special features in the form of two doable page coloured supplements. One of these is of remarkable excellence. It is after a class of illustrations which have found immense favour in connexion with the English illus trated papers, and been brought out in admi rable style by them. The present number of The Skelclur will show that the Melbourne artist has successfully reproduced them. He has made an excellent selection as regards his subjects, and has given very .effective illustra tion to them. The experiences of "Globe trotters in Australia" afford abundant mate ria! for varied treatment The heroes chosen are two "distinguished arrivals." As such they are necessarily welcomed by "ad dresses." They go up-country in atypical stage coach, and "experience"a corduroy road. They visit a station, and are shown round the run ; they see a selector " burning off" and a bush-fire on a much larger scale. They are favoured with the now somewhat infrequent experience of " seeing gold " on the diggings, and view one of the finest of "monarens of the forest" They meet Ring Billy with his lubra and picaninny; witness rough-riding on fine specimens of Australian buckjumpers by capable Australian rough-riders; and finally the globe-trotters, after the manner of more thin one distinguished visitor, find Australian brides. Such are the main features of upwards bf a dozen most capital sketches, which form a page excellent in point of drawing and colour, sufficiently accurate to give a good idea of certain phases of colonial experience, and sufficiently fanciful to at!ow of diversified, pleasing, and effective treatment It may be pronounced the finest coloured supplement yet produced here. The other, which is of equal size, represents abush-hawfeer, fcxhiMt inghis most showy etorfs to fair and winsome purchasers. The frontispiece' of the number is devoted to interesting sketches of the now. famous St Hubert's vineyard of Messrs. De Caste!la and Rowan, showing the cellars, the vintage, the picking, the crushing, and the vat-making. 11 Sunset on the Lower Yarra" is the subject of a good full-page engraving; Another is devoted to Views of the delightful scenery of the Marysville district, the Steven son Falls, Sassafras-gully, and fmmediatfetrnr roundings of Marysville' being-' admir ably depicted. Hie same miy be said of the illustration of Port -Arthur, in some respects the most interesting partol Tasmania. The Union Steamship Com{mny*s as. Wairarapo, one of the latest and finest Bpechnens of naval architecture now engaged in the intercolonial trade, is a - worthy'Mb1-' ject of a pood group of illnsteatlons. - Portraits of the Right Rev, Dr." Linton, Bishop of Riverina, and of Dr. Schomburgk, director of the Adelaide Botanic-gardensa view ki Messrs. E. Whitehead-end Co.'s new1 pre mises ; and ian illustration of the current novel, are also given. The iWnfi*r«tk>M«ltd- j gether make up a number ofliighiatrik": ??' »'*. j 