Ona CAnoLE NEws.-In 'view 'of the present urgent necessity' for :action: in Egypt,''tho: 'Victorian. Government has placed the thrdo. noewiwar-ships ,Albert, Victoria, and Childers, at the disposal of the British Admiral operating in- the -Red Sea. ".This aet has been commehd'edfoerits loyaltyiby' the. Londoih' Times." The?latesc news froin the 'Soudani'shows' that Major General Gordon is in'safety -:still and sue ceeding in pacifying the Arab tribes on the banks of the Nile. H6ppse are, entertained of 'relieving the besieged 'garrison at Tokar; and messages have been sent there urging 'the " esistance to be' prolonged if possible until assistance can be sent.- It also appears'that the newseof tlie massacre of the 'garrison and residents-:of Sinkat has been confirined, the few suririvors'suli stantiating the previos hccodiiits of' that horrible butchery: The. defenco'of Upper Egypt, it would seem, has now, been aban doned by the Govdrnmeneitat Cairo.' From Tonquin comes the .distressing dielh "of another slaughter' 'of Chi;i'tinfis, "fifty having been niurdered at Hie;tlihd'chief town of the province:e. ' ST. Joses'BP's BAND.-Th. smembers of St. J'oosph's Band 'gave: another of' their enjoyable 'concerts' in" the Invalid Depot grounds last night, when a 'very largeo number of persons attended to hear their musical efforts.' The following p'ogramiine whas gioe through most creditably: March, "Love laid heor sleeples's lead';" galop, "Amazon ;" polka,. : Floretta;" selection, " La 'Fig eia del, Rggimento ;" waltz, " Vdnitia;" polka, " Are Freunds 'chaft ;"' waltz," "Dream Faces ;'.' selection, "Song of 'Jubilee ;" ,galop,' ',Flossie ; Finale,; " God Save toQueen."" The banf appeared in their new uniform, and. looked very spruce end smart,. Mr. G. Hfi?risbn wielded, the, baton, with ;his usual ability. Next Thursday the :ldbnd will render' a spsecial programme, the proededs' on that occasion, ?bing in aid ofthe Invalid Depidt Piano Fund. 'It is expected that his Excel lency the Governor, who will be in Laun coston for the purpose of attending the rices will b present, and, douibtless, thiera will be a good muster of townspeople. 'TAMA? REGATTA.-A special' meeting of the Regatta Committee was' held 'in the City Hotel' yesterdayeovening,!when there was 'a large attendance. The meeting was called to consider the advisableness, in consequence of certain representations which had been made; of altering the date fixed for the holding of the regatta, from Monday, the 17th I March, to Friday, the 14th March. . Afterithe matter had 'been fully discussed pro and con it was decided not to alter the fixed .date, as it was con sidered ,that the date':, originally fixed Would licht stit themajorityof shopkeepers and merchants in town. ~' 'MuTUAL IePIuOYEDiENT SocIETY.--Th usual weekly meeting of the members of the Mutual Improvement Society 'will be hold in their rooms. to-night, when Dr. Crowther will,, deliver a. special lecture; entitled, " An.Ideal Cityof Health." Mem bers only 'will oe ..admitted to hear.this lecture, and oniithis.ioccasion 'the isual custoii of admitting" members of' tho,fiir so'x to,the.meetinn will boesuspended. ,V.iLNTUdER en: .RIFLE. .' REGIMENT.--The mnmbers of the Volunteer Rifle Regiment will a~semblo at the drill-ydrd to-morrow' at 2'30 p.m., for a half-day parade, in un-: dress iniform.' I .' ': ! BooTrnt?icas' STRIa?.-The strike whilch has for sometime past suspendedoperations rlt Messrs. Boyd and Co.'s bootfactory has, we uitderstand, itorminated. We: are, in foimed by the men- that Mr. Boyd has agreed. to t.ake on those engaged in'Mel bourne at a: lower rate.of: .pay. than that ruling in 'Launceston 'at the same rate as thod, others.: Hence work has: boon reo sumed. D RAATIO ENTERTAINMIENT.-' A "lmusi-; cal and" dramatio' entertainment' will bei given at the Oddfellows' Hall: on Monday evening:niext by a number of lady .and: gentlemen iamateurs and:.theo L; V. Rifleo Drauiatie ;Club, on behalf of Mrs.. W. Edmund, who hias for many months past beeon suffering from a severe illness, and is etill crippled and unable to even walkc yet. Vho case is well known, and is one that should commend itself to the sympathy of she|public. • :. TnECASCADE BREWERY COMPANY (LIMI TEDn)?:An errorcrept i~to our telegraphic report of.the .general: meeting of share holders in this Company, published in our issuie of Wednesday. In that the Chairman was made.to.. state "that only £1600 had been retirned to the Comnpany as bad debts durin? its existenie." What the Chairman did say was " that the cquantity of ale and beer returned from last May to December was only 1600 4alloit;"s and he then plro ?eeded t6 cmdipare this with -the returns for the iordesponding period, inthe two preien'ig -years,. which were-1881, 3496 gallans,; 1882, 6889, gallons. We are in 'formed thiit as a nsitter f'ifafetd;the losses by bad debts are sinmply- infinitesimal. Stodi6dG M~btiun.Neo4W.1from AK-I C ?lid; MNed Zealaild,.dated ltlt.iA.st..tates that.a.man Iamed.E dwards, .a,..platelayi6r iiiplboycd on the Napier railway, whilst ,uffering from'dieliriun triemes, murdered lis.wife and(four children by. ettingtheir throats. He also attempted to destroy his, own life, but only inflicted a slight gash onthe throat.: j, : . i :1' i LoNFrou COURT Oar lsquESTS.-There Was :an iuslually brie .cause. lis; at ,,??6e Lngford Circuit Court of.,teques tsa held on.Wedneesdey, before his Honor Mr. Com, missioner, l?fitefoord, the following, being; the only,, asesthat came on,!for decision;. -Appleyoard-".,Coan,qclaim, for; .1 15s, balance o aount for medical attondAnfce. Verdict.for-plaintiff.- Same-v. Whitchurch, claim for £1 ?7s 6d, for medical attendj snce. Verdict for plaintiff. Berry ,b? ,Goodwin, claim ,for lS, xfor board and lodging, and 6s for a concertina. The debt was proved by plaintiff and; Thos. Clark, and a verdict given for plaintiff for xl1 is. The case of Wise v. M'Grath was struck out, neither party: appearing. TanajinLsTs IN lussIA.- Details to' hand by the mail, of the murder of Lieu tenant-Colonel Suidekin, Chief of the Secret Police in St. Petersburg, on the 29th? Decembert (news .of which rasye:. ceived in our cablegrauts), state that he was murdered in a-house on the Newsky Prospect, to which he was lured by a man who; though serving:in the deteotive force, was at the same time: an active member of the Nihilist party. .Jabbonsky, the man iUt5uu iul iJibprfLiuctA;w u -fufu m ~ortant information to give Colonel Suidekin. The latter, .who always went about with a steel cuirass u.der,, his clothing,vad was heavily armed, was ac companied to the place'of rendezvous by his nephow. Immediately on entering the house he .was, set on by'four, men, armed wvih lars'f iron, *which gaveohini no'- tilMo to drpw his revolver, andpho was speedilya lespatched. Colonel Suidekin had long! been marked iout for idestruction .by:the Nihilists, vwho accused :him of ssending political subjects to Siberia, and torturing them to.olicit confessions. Correspondence $ase found among the deceased officials papers concerning Nihilist plots, and implicating refugees in London, .Paris6alid G en eva ." . - , 1. n" , t ; " ? iPEcnUiIAnI EsCAPIi rEniO DioiWNINd AT CAirbrELL TOWh .- 'A. Correspondeni writes as' fbllows '.under dato' Feb."'10? ' ." An escape from drowning occurredU on the Elizabeth: 'Rivor) oi Saturday last under somewhat peculiar 'cieiumstance6s.' 'Two la(ds.,cre bathing, whena child on theo bank thi'? ' a, a]rgegreyhounduto-hit -h vater. Thde dbo getting 'alarmedi blawd' one of the lads, which, p.u, him (the lad) under water. The dog then-stuick out for the bank,with the,, ld hanging onto the log'si til.' "Thdy were both'- unded fore the worse for their ducking.". . STHE kITt MB. "J-Ms G.-oonu--r. iGunniafter lingering. in g 4 semiycoincious, state f?o thee d ys, passed awayyesterda.? between two and three .o'clock, in..the sifte' is2o'Ie hfefcts in ielation7'to the end caule of ills deiih have already 1B3a. fu?ll detailed in ur coumins. 'In ',.82 Mr. Guni' decided to entei Parliam:e, and inJthat ,year' was: retirned:for' the district of Sorell, which district he repro' iented until the year. 1882. In 1871 ho' Was nomjnatcd alJustic of the Peace, and in'ftl;-,lbgining dof 1883'.was appointed Sheop 'Inspector fo the iltrictof Botli well, i-which position hle held intilhiiaiid' death:. ,While Ijperforinng r his 'duties at lbtliwellhe was thrown violently firm his 7nggy, so,, injuring himself that the' dictors pronounced that hio would Ibe lame for the rest of this life. About four. years ago he ad~i,a' severe sun:stroke, anu, this, added',t?1 the late minjries 'l? received, sgeuimedt6jterpnypon ihis mind, and he'hiis beeni in a'very ailing state of healthifodr some time past. -Mr. Gunn was well-knwn throughou~t Tasmania ad ! the ,sisteri colonies, and wherever he went he *at always i:e.: favouritie;;: ?An. inquestrwill ?be held at Glen Dhu at nooni to- day on the bodyof thlideceased genitletman:jv--: - - PRIsITIva ,.METrionOisT. OHunsaH.-- Our Longford correspondent:forvards the fol lo wing intelligence kindly;furnished to-him' by the lIev. F. Sinden, of Longford, ,at present in.Victoria :-The district.meeting of'the Pirniitive Methodist Clihurci 6f Vic toria and Tasmania 'aisembled , in -.the Church at Eagiehawk,on ,'Saturday last. There were nerly" 50 delegates present. A 'very enucouraging increase, in church einombership and connectionialproperty was mimisters,; as 'affects Tasmania, are as fol low :-The '! Rev. C 0. Anthony ' goes to Hobart, and' is succeeded by the -Rev. W. Moorre, of .Melbourneo. (The Rev.' W; J. Brajy, f 'Hobart, "removes to" Eaglehawrk, Victoria. The RevPF. Sinden is appointed to the Melbourne Fouirth Circuit, and the ReI.v T. "W.' "Canoer6n, of : Campbellfield, homes 1 'to ' 'Longford. The Rev;., C., Jacksodn,"' of 'Waratah;, also :goes""to Victoria, and" will' be succeeded by the Rev. H:'Cole';:'of Victoria. The 'stations for Tasmania Will tl'etefore be 'as' follow : -.Tobart,'. Rv; C: .Anthony, Launceston, Rev. W. Moore; Beaconsfield::Rev. T. NrichoTiongferd, :Rev. T. W: -Cameron ; Penguin, Rev. W.;Harris; Waratah,,:Rey., H . Colo..;< -,:: ,;' T :: ,''. SUGE LGos.-A great deal of excitement was occasioned yesterday.yat.the largeopine logs which were landed from. the bark Italy,,,which. arrived recently from> New Zealand. .Some of the logs Iweigh, from 7. to. 8 tons, and measure about 4000,cubio> feet. It is said they' are,the largeitS.that have been landed in Launceston. , ,. IN BAxNKsrUTOY.-A. meeting, of .the, dreditors ;of.- Henry, John, Chalmiers,, off Deloraine, surveyor, was holdat thde office of, M.essrs. ,Norman. and: Croft, solicitors, Patterson-street, yesterday, when, it, was; resolved-that--the affairs of--the debtor slitild i be :liquidated ; by, arrangement;, Messrs. John R. Hart and J. Grigg we're: aippoiiteditrustees..-., .. . CRICKET MATCH.-Yesterday afternoon acricketinatdh was 'played on the 'Laun ceston C. C. eround betweeo an eleven of members of the :Molville Opera . Company and an oloven of. localplayers.: There was very little interest shown in the match and 'the eleven represoihting'? the Opera Com pany was not by any means a representa tive one; IThe .viditors first. went?:to the wickets and were all.sodn disposed of for a total of 56 runs, Walshe being the only batsman who :did niuch servicse;putting together 22 runs. The local eleven proved quiteo.superior to the .bowling.of their :op ponents and put.together 137 runs for the loss of only one wicket., Croft. 6, and MIurphy, 30, not out, contributing the num her, together with 31 suppliedhby Ch'aliiers For the'local team Murray and Mu'ply took .four wickets each. ; ST. VALENTINE'S DAY.-Young men and maidens were 'all :dp'-etimes yesterday morning and anxiously waited with flutter ing hearts for the 'rrival of 'the postmiin, whom they expected would bring them a love pledge frbfn 'their sweethearts;land undoubtedly the postmen :wore kept busy, for hundreds of.valentines passed through the local Post-oflice ybsterday, carrying withtitheni, to the 'recipients' the,? joyous nssurance' 'thrit .he ,or. she had' not been forgotten Een middle-aged' bachelors and old maids rlook' uiponenSt., Valentine's Day with, strange feelings: ,Remembrances spring up and they call to sind their youthful .days.. when. Ithey,, too, .used to linger round the gateway watching for the post0?n, but now they.wait and wait, "and at last come to the .cnclusion, tha .'hdy' arofo·gotten.,, But' they are not, at last thee pestman brings .tothe?h'the lotged-for love token.. Thd old niiaid'brhih .the seal andeecs-oh!'i orror,ihideous pictiirepreo sentingaflockof male crows 'ying awayfrom a scare-crow, 'andiher ko yrests on lines'of poetry--ate the ?ark'-whiid? causes he' inHocent blood to cudilo in h~i veins, and she inwardly repcats to, herself -the curse which so blighted' the youthful" hopes of thoeJackdaw of, Rheims, and wishes shed knoewthe fiend incarnate at whose head slho could hurl it, : .ERS T.-LMAi~ O BEAS.-We regret hay i~g to,'tate'tiat'Sergt.-Major; Brears "will be unable .to' leave Tasmania by the Flinders today for Melbourne,!'in conse quence oflthe death' of his youngest child, which took'place yesterday. He will leave, with his family, by the Flinders on Wed nesday next. ASSAULTING BAILIFr.--James Stone house Williams and his wife were yester day charged at the Police Court with having; assaulted two bailiffs who came to the defendauts''louso' to levy. a distress IwviraL t._ .The. to defendants set on the nien and. beat them unmercifully. The T1ench styled it as the dfht case they hlia ever had before-thirdu, -and-fines-each de- fenaint Aid, ii defauilt sif moinths' iii prisonment. The fine was not paid, and the- defendants.were.removed in custody..... 1 GiANTS AND "PIOIEss.-Thie Germniii giantess, -who appeazed aliut a- year ago in London, has recently. been'usited in the bonds: of.wedlock to.Mr. Patrick :O'Brieh,, ilse of the gigantic persuasion' .i The: wife is. slightly taller than" her riew husband, Who measures only 7ft.-llin. in. his - stook ingand-weighs. 3601b. ,,By. way of cqno mttlt e ay, mention that the long-lost iicnpigiie e'sei' to have be6e found at;"1 at: ,It ppears that there 'is i tril e'in tihSobdiain named the "Fikitiki, the'i ten and women pfwhich ar 'eldomi t'ler'-thnii Sc.Tart Isisfrcroi oEr MINS. -. Mr.: .G. Thureau, the Inspector of .Mines, returnedo vesterdav -fron f Latre-bs. .w: rn, smnsns pther matters he has been enquiring, into an accidbnt that ,recently occuried at a coal mine there, aman having overbalanced hiiiself while landing a bucket,, and fallei doIv ii Ith shaft, breaking his collar.bone. ''he 'oyner of the hine, 'which is onlprivate prop6rty," did not'report the accideint, and it is "probable that legal proceedings will be takeni against' him'.under the provisions of tli'he'" :' ulaitidn' of Mines Act, 1881." rk.ThifTeiki'lves for Hdbart bythe expreos irain to investigate a .somdwh'at siuilar 3ase'at the New. Toiwn coal 'miiie, that of 'he lad Jas: Smith, aged'14, who was found bn'the' 11th inst? in:: an old coal-pit at Kangaicoo -Bottoin' New Town, having been missing since the 31st December. In this bsseasiso no oporhiblits been,.Jmade byitthe wyner orjpqrsoneinterested in the mine, and thoeInspector has only heard of it through heq mQdium,opf .th:Press, but theregula-, bions apply to mines oh private property,-; vell s to thbse on Crown land. ' TuRNEE's MARns.-A correspondent in rorms usitliat anniversary services ,were held in the..jWesleyan Church bOn Sunday; 'ebruary 10. Rev. G. T. Heywardpreached a 6;large; congregation. OQn.,Tuesday fl lowing a tea meeting was held in tho:com n6dious..barn of Mr. Jhii Býiratt, which the~ladibs of, the .congrgation had ;trans crmed into a deliiously cool ferndry for tle oceasion., Wbll-wishers gathered from ar'andneair,i',itil ope wondered whder all ,voud" bei .provided', for. Theo bountiful spread was, 'however, more than equal to all denands uponbiit.. After tea, a piiblic. 'ineting was held, presided over by Mr. F; Hart;'!bf ; Launceston.' Addresses were dblivered' by Messrs, D:'Cocker, Frebman, Fd6te; 'aid 'Heyward; hearty' singiig 'at iittoir6ls: 'Goss proceeds £13;:' 'A seodo d pu'blic ;neeting followed, to' consider the ddthiTableiiess of erecting a building in'the vicinity, :to serve 'the double purpose 'of ch??eh diid public school.' The labours of Mr.: Thomason "in this district" have not' been in vain.. ;Great praise,isidue to all connected with this -anniversary for their hard work.and cheerful assistance.; i tRELTui lboDsOUndiTIN TH AutbTukIAe INrEio;E --Thl ':Melbourne Heiald Psili lishes a telegram dated Albury; Fob.' 7, which states; that a gbntlemahnwho has just arrived in Albury from the interior reports an extraordinary and unprecedented result of the light rainfall of thepast, two seasons, which came under, his observation. As he was passing the An?am brandch of the, L?trrumibidgeo he niticed an overpowering stench, and' went to. ascetain the cause; thinking it- might be dead stock in the bed-of the river, which was dry:'He found, however, thiit'the cause of 'the Ystench ws theodecomposition of a vast'ciuantity of fish wlvich'iwere rotting in' deepi holes.;in the" river bed. Not a drop of water has flowed. in the Aiam brainch for two years;:aridthe water in-the.lioles is driddeiij, ' -.;, ' n: "THE Wur TR ;SurPPoLY OF: ALsisY ANDe MELBOURNEe.-o The Melbourne TYorld says i -"The inhabitants of Albury had long!be lievedithat the water usediby'-,themfor donmestic nuronses was imnure. A samnle was , sent'to ,:tne Melbourne.' Anaiytical Chemist, 'and-,the matter is,.settled. .%He reports that there, is .in the water ;the people of Albury, consume; chloride of sodium, chloride of magnesium, chloride of. caldiimin," nd' sulphate of '.sbdium' ito' the extent of 153'grainsper gallin. This is" very. horrible. .The YaniYein contains a percentagee'of.'dead' allaby,' centipedes, w'rms,' 'dgi i, bfdtld, batrolheicata; pro hunciaImennta? and co'incluisima, which it is p'ainfiil te reflect upon. 'Albury. men havev' got th'e advantage of, Melbourne. in pure water:'* The Murray runs- right past them, and it bangs the Yarra forpurityby a few degrees. .. THe E RECENT D, UoGHUT IN A;STBALIA.- The,, Thackaringa" correspondent 'of the Wilcannia Times, N. S. Walos, writing on January 17,, says :-'f There is about three' weeks' supply bf water.left at present, and unless rain comes in tlth interval all heavy. traffid from the South Australian side inust c&sdie; to' the ' Silvereon'" Silver Mines.i Several people are'leavihg that place for' the want of water now, and cattle and hoirses are perishiing every day.?: .Had it not' been' for the 'Government dam '`on' the' South' Australian side ,the loss and privation' would be muich- more serious." Th'i' 'Burke'-. Watch;idi learns "''from Constable Daunt, :of the 'Wanaririg police,' that twd nion have perished 'from thirst out thit "way. : 'The 'first' 'wa a main who had beon employed on Belala' Ddwvis as cook, .who left there on the'21st Noveinm' ber.'?: And : ,the' fate of the unfortunate mnist reimin' a miystery 'till rain 'enables the country' to be travelled. ' The .scond casowas that 'of a Chininiaii, who was' found perished some 50 miles from HTunger a direct" ut 'for,'Thargoiindah for ithe purponse " o : evading the' Qiieensland, poll-tax; and piiid, 'the ?"pbnalty of' his 'teineiity'. with ' his life." In reports rcedived. by the Comissioner' of Police -o'f Queenslanid; it'is 'ltated that "Constable N. Roberts, on duty frdmi Jundah to Connemara station, perished in the bush for want- of water, 25 miles from the station, and -near the' Currajee water hole.!' On. January, 21st the. Blackall dorrespondeot '(of1 the Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton), ,telegraphed- ??. A' man perishedfrom thirst, within three miles.;f town; and another was fo~uid dead between Tambo and ,Ravqnsbourne. Ai swagnRwa found, ona tree two miles away;/'., 'MANUFACTURE o??BEoos.-It appears' that the manufacture of eggs is being carried on in the United States on a large scale;, one, establishment turning out up wards of a'thousanid'an hotir;! The .yolks' are formed of a paste composed of corn=, flouir, starch,'and, other' materials.- The whites are formed of. albuimen,; and .are chemically identical with the whites. of, eggs.- The inner skin is a film of gelatine,. tho'shell is plaster of Paris,' and is rather thicker than the real article. ,The yolk"i§' first rolled isito a lall and is frbibn hard. it'is then enclbsed'in 'the albumbn, which is als, frdisii' aftdr1'being submitted' to a ra?idrotatory mbotion,'whiih ,loigateosliho sphero't'the ovoid form.' It is' then dipped int the ,'gelaitine, and thei 'iinto the plaestr; whicl dries 'very rapidly add re tains tht' form after contents have molted. It is' said that ii point of tast' the eggs are rindistiiiguishable 'from: the 'real' ..article,. while they have the advantage of keeping: Iperfectly good 'for jryarsi, and can be more easily transported than ordinary, eggs from the greater'strength 'and thickhess of the shells. They'can'be flavoured so asto. reseminlle 'ducks' eggs'if preferred. ' FEDEl ATION. - In South Australia steps are being taken topractically.crry out the resolutions :ar.rivedr at by the recent, Intercoloriial 'Conferendce. 'Thd Chief' 'Secretary of that' colony,? was to . movo. on 12th , Feb., that ;'an address be ,,presented ' to her "Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, praying that her Majesty be pleased'to cause .a measure .to be submitted to. the: Imperial Parlia ment. for the purpose, of constituting a Faderal Council of Australasia, upon the basis of the draft bill adopted at the Inter colonial Conventioon hold in Sydney in Ndvember and December, 1883. A similar iotice was given in ,,the Legislative Counicil, ,CaREa?rTo.--Cremation has been much more generally emp~loyed on .la ge :i~i il' 'of late years than most people "believe.' When the Belgian lchemist,M.' Cretaurwas charged with the.purification ofl.tle lIttle field'of\ Sedain, hb laa cdmpelledito resort to.c'remition' ili drder to dispose of the heaps of half-covered bodies which had been left in the open field. After the battles of Worth, Gravelotte, and the two sieges of Paris, the bodies of the killed were cremated, with the result 'that.the combatants escaped the edntagious disorders which generally accompany or follow a war. This was but a resumption of ai old' practice. At the beginning of the: present. century,-when- war.ragedall. .Over . Eiirdjiio' ct mitido' 'ii is constint practice. In Russia, after the retreat of .the! grande.arnicee ..corpseswereo.burned ;iwholesale, and again a .little later 4000 bodies w. ro. burned :before Paris. in a pingle fortnight. :f. a: ;siniilarimiethod, of 1, disisosing ..of dead caroases had been ::adopted., in, Egypt, i the eoholera. irlightnever have broken, out.at Damnieltta.. Italy was the first formally to saniction in 18738 thql:introduction .,of'-oreidatiait'lin Austria theoMunicipialCouncil of. Gratz las passed a resolution in favour of the :in 'cineratidn of, the, body, -but nothinghas. bliii'd'eid thhiriaince 1878: 'It' has-beesi 'aithrised' iii'tlie Dtesih of idbtha,' and it is adopted in parts 'of SWVitzefladd." 'li Molland..:and :-Belgium: cremationistsl are humerous :and enthusiastic..,. New York''is also building anew cremation hall ; Prance alone remains 'behind."-- - Sou?: "'AusTi A.IAN i PuinaI iWOaTiess 'The return "of' public works fo6rthe year, 'ending 30th June last has just been issued' by the South Australian Government,,and, 'shows thatiith'regard to the deep drainage 'sy?teni' the 'now: Adelaide? hydraulic en gineer, Mr. Mestayer, is confident that' the rworks are construct-d'upoei a, sound; prin-y ;iplo r' 7 mwiles of sewers have been made; and nearly 1000 house: have been, con-. traps fixed. -The report also shows that at the close' of -the, last financial ;?ar'the' 'colony-ihad' issued ;debentures to the amount of £14,805,800, of which, £897,100 have been redeemed. The six per cent.+ bobds amount td £2,245;500,' and it isfo' thlis portion of the debt: that' the roe doinp?tidn applies. Only £390,000 ''have' been offered at 5 per cent., and the average iato,of interest on the debt now is,£?4?1s 10td.' VYdi~nearly' ialf of .,this will\hbe paid from the general revenue. BLACK THuBsDAs.-- ast Thursdiay 6th inst.,- was:. the -83Srd anniversary. ,of thei terrible. Black l,,Thursday,'f,u a, notal?le event in the history of Victoria..- The bush'fires of - that day were -experienced thlifighout aliibst the 'eiitir ' lngth asid' bre'dth . f :the colony, and:the~" at eefi ino Melboirno was- tremendous: The bulit' leaves from the bush are said to have fallen upon the docks of vessels miles,out at sea, a'd sooty particles were' cairied.by the wiid as' far as Launceston. "The loss of life nias veiry large, and ,'the' ls'ses' of property and stock were enormous:' . SaRiA' BhaRPnUAier's LiTzBS, ROie. News to hand by the lastinail "state's that' the issue-at-Parlis of" Sii haBiairniu is' i satirical biogrephy'bf Sarah Bernhardt by her- former 'friend : Marie Colombier; has caused' -laL - ;!duel; between' + the'"Ifrieidi iof := theo.- women- and? a "'' scandaldus quarrel between the actress and:the author. Sarah, incensed at being described as the U She :Barnum'," asked the police' to `seize? the book, -but they replied she must seek redress by the civil tribunal. - Sarah, ' with her son, proceeded on 18th -December. to Colombier's residencetand struck her. on the face with a riding whip. Colombier fled; pursued by Sarah,.whd smashed every thing in theo,way&. Mearnwhile friends of the women indulged in- afreedlfight ini'(diother :;part?, of- ,the;"housei "rIt is stated the affair will lead to a isniuber of duels. . . - A .Htisiu nD's 9,LIwsITIEzs.The Law Times calls the attention of husbands to the situatioii :wlich"has'bljeei established by the decision'of Mr. Eddis, Q. C..sittink in the Clerkenwell. Count? ""Court, intho case of Bahns v. Leitchen. The action was for tlie suini of £6 for the- mainteniance-of a ivife: turned out ofi doors by a husband. The woman first went into the workhouse . but.'the authorities refused to accept the huspanfl's.offer, to pay forher maintengnce there, oi' thid ground'that the workhoiuse was not ad'lb?dginglhose for married' women. Th6eife then went to the house bfMIessrs. Balis,andthereran? iia billtothe atoliuit bof.f6,' whlich Mr. Eddi has do ciddi that the huseband must pay, on the groundthat a husband has not discharged. his ddty if h' provides:a house: for his wife' wvithout her consent, ds?a -wife is' not a thattelto bew irehosied at hi ipleasure. Theeis.commn n seisiieiii the dcisiion, aiid wivei will feel'that they. stand- on- higher ground, thaii before. l'Hisbands ,may' no; longer sell'their vives'at.Smithfield ithey) may not beat thelim even-ivithla :;stitk of the thickness of a finger ; ,ndr.- may they turn them-out of doors; unless prepared to pay for their board and lodging.-- ..... LORD WOLeELEY AND THEr'OLUNTEERS. _'ri~n n.,ona man ,n ,H anntinn" hv th1 2nd olunteer ,. Battalion' of the Royal Fusiliers (late 23rd Middlesex) wore dis tributed recently, at St.;James's : Hall, by Lady: Wolseley; ' Lord ,Wolsely,' replying to a vote of thanks to Lady, Wolseley; ob served that the more closely .the bonds of union were;drawn, between ithe army' and the auxiliary.forces, the:moroeit, would .be to the. advantage of' all 'concerned., The presence .of, the officers of thei Royal Fusiliers was of happy augury, and told himi that those reforms which hadbeen adopted to join the various portions of her Majesty's army hi~d been prodictdet'bof: good. When he thought, ofthat Volun teer'force which.' now so many years igo was set on fdot; lie believed' that if any member of the army had been.told at the commenement ''that 'at this".time" such 'a bittalioi'as he had'seoh thit'night; so well: set ite a'd' imibued 'with such'; ilitaiy spirit;'wduld'be created froin it, 'he' would have 'ro'ga?dod 'the'pbrson"who'told him so as"a fool' or madmian. It wasI said we were "not a i"military iiation, and we were not, if judged:by the nuinbdr of troops we had enrolled. But if not ' miiilitry nation;, we'were the most warlikk:'" Nd 'nation'was so' friquently at war; 'and ie' should be pre pared; but beyond this there" wias, "he believed, a war imponding with ;which.our army .would not be; able to cope. ,?There fore, .it was a; fortunate., thing that ,the country had this grdat Volunteer" force, whilil had' gone ont' increasing year ' by year, till this year it was stronger than ever: ' There were at the present mome~t, by.ithe .roetuns' ,in: the War Office, over 2000 more efficient men than' over before in th 'Volunteer.forde'. : : ,,I , . :; S: cisei Y'or"' ALLIoGATORS IN.;M l xeICA -'-Alligators are becoming' scarce in- the. Stite's?of. Florida, Texas; and 'Louiisiana; where the ugly saurian is regularly hunted' for its skin." A few" years'hgo.as mainyas 100,000'alligators' skinsf.weto annually sold, in New-Orleans- market; bhit! the returns for the present season give only about half that number."' The leather made from the skin is in great demand forfancy. slippers, bags~ia;thal;" , aiid similiar-articles; , but. boot uppers are made.froin the plortions of' the skin covering .the kne 'eisd;elboives of tlso.animal. The teeth.. are mounted' as trinkets, the larger ones being dised.chiefly b3i?, teething ;babies, instead of the: old fashioned coral or the newer rubboerings. The oil extracted from the carcase. has a great repuitation among the swampers as a remedy for rheumatism, and-is freely used, both iitiernally'and as a liiiment. A LIT?L iki r PiuZrZ.L-It imay be'nows to many "of odur "readrdersto leare 'that there are only four words in the English languago ondign' isi "douis,' viz tremnendods; stu pendbois; haizardaus, and- bdt we ldafe our' readers to fhid u hot the fourth word tot heds's'alo.i'ed"' " . .:.::' , (: a ' ",-,, . : 'A' Odi~i T'MATO will bo played at Pros pect, on Saturday s.ftgrnoon, betwvni the' Tamar" aid P'ropedt Clubs;, commeningig, at 2 30 p.m. S?? Rev.; G. 'T. Heyward.will:?preachiat: the. Patterson-street; Wesloyan.:Church at 11 a.m.; and the Rev. J;3G. Millard at,,7'30 p.mn., on Sunday," in- connection with. the anniversary services. ,: : 'i. '' ' " SCOMPLIMENTAR ticlst 'for the City School sports can be had from Mr. W. Edmunds, Hon. See. AN advertisement" dalling attention to the arrangements made , by: the' M. L. Railway. Co., for r'ii'ising special trains during the Launcestonii cos will be found elsewhere. WE are requdsted to state that the ball at Government House, which was to have taken place on Thursday, Fob. 21, is post poned until Monday, the 25th of February. 