IN THE GREAT FOREST OF SOUTH GIPPS LAND. MIRBOO AND THE TARWIN. Bt Selector. Lying intermediate between the sea on the Booth and the line ol railway from Melbourne to Sale on the north, bounded on the west by the shores of Westernport, and extend ing thence easterly to a line drawn from Bosedale to Port Albert, there is a remark able tract of conntry to which as yet no comprehensive name has been allotted, but which I take apon myself to designate the Great South Gipps Land Forest The whole of this tract is characterised, more or less, by trees of gigantic size, which rear their lolty heads high above a thick, sometimes almost impenetrable scrub. Owing to this latter circumstance the term scrub land, which is applied in GippB Land to land of this kind, would convey to the mind of a stranger an imperfect impression of the cha racter of the country so named there. It is true that the greater part of South Gipps Land is a forest country; but the Great Forest has distinctive features of dif ference from the remainder of the country. Its geological formation is different, its vege table productions are different and wherever the axe of the selector has allowed the rays of the sun to reach the ground, the 6oil dis closes a remarkable fertility. Contiguous to this fertile tract, so far as I have examined it, the land is chiefly remarkable for its great sterility. I have in no part of Australia seen j the contrast of very rich and very poor soil bordering each other so marked as in Gipps Land. In most other parts of Australia the change from rich to poor soils is marked by degrees of richness or poorness: but here sterility and fertility close hand to hand. Therefore no one should ever take or pur chase land in Gipps Land, relying only on the character of the land adjacent to it, unless, indeed, the land was situated in the centre of a good district. In going from Melbourne to Sale, the traveller, when he is about Pakenham, has the western extension of the Great Forest on his right hand, a few miles to the south of the line. Its northern boundary runs neatly parallel with the line of railway from the stotioftjnBcnamed toTraralgon. The railway engineers kept aa-upnlously clear of theen ' gineermg difficulties of the Great Forest. In Gipps Land, with the exception of the rich deposition of deep soil along the lower conrses of ite extensive river system, the rest nf the fertile l*nda are almost exclusively rangf or sharply undulated. Hence the hard wort of the engineers of the Railway depart ment to find practicable routes for branch Jinee, capable of construction at a rcason Able post, to connect, the main trunk the rich districts that lie on either side of the main line; bence, also, the disap pointment of the inquiring traveller on his first trip, after hearing so much of the fer tility of Gipps Land, in observing Bucb in frequent indications of fertility along his main line of route. It is true that at half-way house, Warragul, he will be able to observe a portion of Brandy Creek, at one time so highly spoken of. Warragul is frequently spoken of as it a veritable specimen of the rich scrub land of Gipps Land. This, however, is a mis take. Brandy Creek district simply constitutes a neck or isthmus, connecting at right angles, approximately speaking, the rich ranges^ of Jindivick and Necrim to the north (a portion of the fertile ranges that extend from the Dandenong Ranges to Beenakand the sources of the Yarra) with the M'Donald's Track por tion of the Strzlecki Ranges in Great Forest The land about Brandy Creek differs in kind and in degree from the districts respectively connected by this neck of second-rate land. From Darnum, the next station easterly to the Moe, the line runs along the outskirts of the forest; then the latter gradually retreats to the right or south, so that at MorwelJ, 12 miles farther on the line, this township is 14 or 15 miles from the commencement of the fertile portion of Mirboo. The land then seen from the carriages along the line from the Moe is the very personification of sterility. As the Strzlecki Ranges bend in an arc whose extremities rest upon Moe and Traralgon, and as Morwell is the centre of the sine of that are, it was selected as the starting-point for the branch railway designed to connect the trunk line with the seaboard. Hence the Mirboo Railway that was thrice con tracted for and is not yet completed.^ This district may be described as constituting the central part of the principal axis of the Strzlecki Ranges. It contains the watershed of the rivers Morwell and South Tarwin ; the former, flowing north, is the principal affluent the Latrobe receives on the right, and the Tarwin, which discharges itselt into Anderson's Inlet, is the principal river of South Gipps Land. In offering the readers of the agricultural columns of ihc Australasian 6ome informa tion on the resources, &c.;, of South Gipps Land, I have selected Mirboo as the starting point of my tour of inspection. I possess a considerable personal knowledge of South Gipps Land, and I think no place there Bur passes (scarcely equals) Mirboo in natural beauty or richness (natural, too, of course). As this new line extends 21 miles—that is, this instalment of the promised line to Corner Inlet—greater facilities for exploring South Gipps Land will be offered—to intending selectors, at least—for personal examination of the country. Keeping mainly in view the interests of this class, I shall, firstly, give the result of what I have examined of the labours of those who have selected and culti vated land in Mirboo. I then propose to take the reader along with me in my investigations of the land etui available for selection in Mirboo, and from Mirboo southwards to the seaboard. Some of my readers will feel quite as strong an interest, I doubt not, in knowing what, and of what kind, still awaits them in that part of the world and onwards to the sea. There are at present two main roads from Morwell to Mirboo. One leads due south along a pleasant ridge seven miles long through the parish of Hazelwood, then through a dreary monotonous fiat, which for the most part produces only spear grass, and for timber messmate, the trunks blackened by bush-fires. For about eight miles from Mor well the conntry on each side of the road, though not rich, has been selected for several years. Little of it is fitted for agriculture ; but though the soil is light, thanks to the abundance of rain, the farmers are doing fairly well by dairying and cattle-rearing. The present township of Morwell is situated aliout a couple of miles to the east of where the line crosses the river Morwell. So the road to Mirboo is spanned by a wooden bridge 12 miles after leaving the township. I went the latter half of this distance, not by the shire road, but along the new line in course of con struction. The two run nearly pan 11 el thus far, and cross from the right to the left hand of the river within a short distance of each other. The road I came is the East Mirboo road. The road to North Mirboo strikes in a south-west line from Morwell, and leads to the part of Mir boo first selected six years ago. East Mirboo bad the greater part of the pre sent holdings selected a year later. The new line of rail way, after keeping strictly to theori ginal intention ofgoing dnesonth, here makes a deviation at right angles, going nearly due west to North Mirboo, so the last nine miles is retreating back again to Melbourne, or at least to Mornington, seemingly. In fact, it keeps to the barren country of easy gradient during its whole course, never once venturing to make an entrance upon the steep little hills, the gorges, and the dense scrub of the real forest Well, this turning off, which will be the station for East Mirboo, is provisional called Twelve Milea Facta de nomine Bursa, as Virgil would Bay. There is here already the nucleus of a town visible, building allot ments being eagerly taken up, and edifices thereon in course of construction. In a year or two, I dare say, it will rival Warragul, which sprung into existence six years ago after the same fashion. There is already a saw mill in full operation, and I have no doubt it will continue there for this century at least Hereabout one can contrast by anticipation the fertility of the Strzlecki Ranges with most j of the land between Morwell and Mirboo. You can already discern how the river has carried down from Mirboo some of the letter's rich soil, and so adorned its banks with a fringe of fertility. In a field of ten acres I counted six cows, four homes, and 40 pigs, all * "' " ' the " of which generally fed there, and the little paddock was smiling with white clover and rye grass; a few chains from the frontage there was only spear grass. From Morwell-bridge we will again resume the East Mirboo road. For about two miles and a half the road is a uniform ascent, the country barren of everything but spear grass and messmate, the soil first white clay, suc ceeded as we ascend by a gritty sand, evi dently the refuse of loosened granite. We are now ascending the northern flank of the Strzlecki, but the promised fertility has not yet appeared to view. Suddenly, as we near the top of the ridge, a most Btriking and complete transformation of the forest is re vealed. All at once the sombre messmate gives place to the majestic, white, straight stems of a new forest. The transformation is so sudden, and so strongly contrasted, that we seem as if transported by the rod of a magician into a new world We have now entered the Promised Land — the Great Forest. We avert our gaze from the aerial heights of tjie tree tops, and find that at our feet an equally sudden change is revealed We seem to step by a single stride from the sterile and gritty refuse left by the decompoeition.of granite to the richest of light orown, warm-tinted chocolate soil, so renowned in the richest dis tricts of the colony. Equally with the gigantic size of the trees is astonishment ex cited at the prodigious luxuriance and density of the undergrowth, which in this part of the range consists mainly of musk and the two varieties of fern-treea. The selections now begin. We first encounter Mr, £ Jfcntan fe very old and well-known Victorian settler) and family's three selections. A considerable quantity of these three selections has been now put under grass, and a very forcible evidence is afforded to the observer of the difficulty at first encountered in converting this forest into grass paddocks. I examined a piece of Messrs. Man ton's land of 105 acres, which was fired and sown with English grass only last year. This grass, of a twelve months, is already thickly interspersed with young trees of the same tender age which already overtop in height any or dinary man's head. Next succeeded Mr. Donald M'Donald's. This canny young Scot conducts his improvements at a more con siderate pace than his lasl-nameed neigh bour, ana has about 40 acres of excellent grass. After M'Donald's, I was much in terested in examining the labours of an old man-of-war's man and quondam Ballarat miner (Mr. J. Kemp) to convert the bush into i fann, and I was most glad to find the efforts of the gallant old tar most successful. Mr. Kemp, who makes no pretensions to skilful farming, cau yet show about 40 acres of land that might serve as a model to some of his neighbours. His success is a striking proof of undaunted perseverance and in dustry. We then passed Mr. A. Earle and sons' three selections. The house and garden gave indications of taste and com fort About five miles and a half lrom Morweli-bridge I had a long inspection of the results of Mr. John Collyer's skill and labours. Mr. Coilyer is an old settler from the Ballarat district After many efforts at discovering what Mirboo was best adapted for, his forte seems now to be potato growing. The result of my examination of Mr. Collyer's efforts in the cultivation of this esculent was most astounding. I should have the greatest difficulty in receiving on the evidence of the most reliable authority what 1 am to record as a fact, and in order to remove the scepticism that I can readily conceive, I will place before the reader my mode of proceeding. I may state that I am generally very sceptical myself about wonder lul yields of potatoes. I took Mr. Coilyer along with me to his potato ground; I got him to dig five roots in succession, in what I judged an average row, I put the produce of the five stems in a bag, and, after getting to where I stayed, I weighed the lot, which amounted to 201b., or an average of 41b. to each root. Let any good arithmeti cian make the calculation, assuming 2ft between the rows and 14in. between each root, and he will find the result to amount to two or three tons over 30 tons to the acre. Allow the odd two or three tons over 30 for misses, &c.;, and it is impossible to resist the evidence that land in Mirboo will give over 30 tons to the acre. Now, my sceptical reader, I will add two or three qualifying facts. There was no selection of the best; the variety was the well-known Brown's River, which is not so prolific as some other varieties. I turned up some roots I selected with much heavier yields than that given above. The pink-eye variety showed heavier yields, and of the Brown's River I dug up one root that weighed 91b. with six tubers. 1 cut up all the heaviest tubers, and found almost all sound and firm to the core, and as, according to the old proverb, the proof is in the eating, I took these specimens with me to where 1 was patting np, got some prepared for supper, and again next morning, and I must say that I never ate finer potatoes —dry, mealy, and of delicate liavour. I must further add that these potatoes owed nothing to high farming, or even to tbe least careful. The roughness of the ground made bullock ploughing alone available, j The ground was just once turned over most ] roughly in this manner, the potatoes set, and never again received the slightest attention till dag. Such extraordinary results from such primitive farming are enough to take the breath away from the advocates of high farming. I am quite convinced that it is quite possible in Mirboo to arrive at such results as 45 tons and more, of tbe very finest potatoes, to the acre. After this I am afraid to proceed any further till the reader has had time to digest these astounding facts. In my next paper 1 will give the results of my further inspection of this prolific region. 