THE RED SUNSETS. fir H. C. Russell, Government'astrono. mer of New South Wales, has, under dite of 27th December, addressed the follow ing letter to the Herald on the singular red sunsets, which have lately been of such frequent occurrence : As this subject still attracts attention, perhaps the following may be of interest Bishop Selwyn, in a letter to Professor Liversidgeo, which the latter has allowed me to make use of, says, under date 26th November, 1883: " Referring to the violent. earthquakes and tidal waves which took place in the Straits of Sunda on 28th August, and for some little time before, two of our men, MIr Bin and Mr Brittain, staying in the Northern New Hebrides, at Pentecost and Aurora, experienced a number of earthquakes about the same time. I do not know if there is any connection be tween the two, but it may be as well to record them, as the path of the volcanic motion might be traced. " The first shock was felt on 25th July, at Pentecost, at 9.30 pim. This seemed to come from the east. " 2. 29th July, at Aurora, about 2i miles to the north, at midnight ; very severe. "3. 9th August, at Aurora, about 9 p.m. This seemed to come from south and east, and travel towards the north, " 4. 22nd August, felt at both places continuous shocks, moving much in the same direction. " 5. 30th August, at Aurora in the evening. "These times struck me as agreeing so nearly with the great earthquakes in the btraits of Sunda, that I thought they might afford data for comparison. There is a chain of volcanoes in more or less activity up to New Aritain, and there my knowledge of such thing stops ; but the direotion would not be far from that which would lead somewhere up to the Straits of Sunda." It was shown ages since that the true cause of the rod at sunset is the reflectia po?er of the atmosphere, which bonds the blue rays inwards, and causes their absorption in the denser parts of the atmosphere, while the less refracted red rays pass on, and are reflected by floating particles of moisture and dust; and the more of these that are present the more brilliant the color. Who does not remem ber sunsets when bushfires have been wide. spred, in which the color has been more brilliant than anything we hare seen for the past three months; when, as one writer put it, the "sun set like a round red ball of fire." Less extensive the color was of course, because the smoke was local. But at this time of the year, when the return trade wind is .psinn over our heads, its contact with the cooler winds in these latitudes, and wherever these winds extend, produces a film of haze, which is very conspicuous, making the sky white instead of blue. Every one, I should think, must harve noticed the white sky; and one friend in the West, where clouds are seldom seen, tells me that the sun seems to rise in a fog and take it with him all day, show ingconclusively the presence of something in our air to cause that reflection. It may be dust, but I still think, as I stated before, that it is water. Water is certainly always present, and in order to bare it more visible one year than an other we only require a greater difference in the temperatures of the two currents, and that may easily arise. Of course the reflection Ls not simple ; it is the refection from particle to particle, or coud to cloud that serves to etend the red light. Our correspondent computed the height of the clouds to be 90 miles, as he assumed re fection to be simple; but a moment's consideration would have convinced hIm that he was wrong, and, as will be seen directly, sunlight has been reflected at midnight, when if cloads only reflected once they would have to be about 250,000 miles high, or about as far away as the moon to do it. I cannot close this without some refer ence to the hydrogen theory, which 36 Robertson has put forword, I think, with out sufficient consideration. Surely is disposing of three astronomers so quietli as he has done, it was worth while stop ping to inquire if the hard won laws o science were not being treated like th astronomers ; but since he has not dones we may try to answer that question. I as quite sure that the extent of red sunset willnot induce Mr Lockyer to alter opinion any more than it has n . reason for so doing to r h les .es in self. For Mr aLockyer oobn 1S3 history and find dust--bud covEred abundance; to go n-Ica, and North In that rear a for weeks, and wasso Europe, s.?. from rising to 20 deg. merica o n brighter than the fall Ahi eriaall night, even at midnight and h;.o this fog or dust cloud gave light ,ngh to read by in Siberia, Germany, Italy, &-c There was no extra heat, so the light must have been reflected from the only source, the sun. Perhaps your correspondent will calculate the height of this fog, so that it could reflect sunlight at midnight in the sense he has taken the word reflect. The fact is, the light is re flected from particle to particle, and is not a simple reflection. The extent of this fog is proof that IMr Lockyer's theory cannot be rejected for the reason given by Mr Robertson. Turning now to his own theory, vir, that hydrogen is the cause, there are some diffculties in the way of accepting it. In the first place, there must be a good deal of it to produce the effect over most of the earth's surface. Mr Robertson argues that the reflecting power of hydrogen is six times that of air, and the redness was six times that of ordinary sunset Now, it takes the whole depth of the atmosphere to produce the ordinary effect, and since, on the theory just stated, hydrogen is six times as potent and produces six times the ordinary effect, its bulk must be equal to that of the atmosphere. Such an addition to our atmosphere would cause an increase of about one inch in barometric pressure, and there has been no such increase. Had one-tenth of the amount been added to the atmosphere it would hare been de tected at once. In fact the barometric pressure for September was below the average, and for October almost exactly the average. So that no such additon as Mr Robertson claims could hare been made to the atmosphere Further, could such a bulk of gas get out of the craters If it were compressed by one thousand pounds on the square inch, if there had been 10 craters a mile in diameter, pouring out nothing but hydro gen day and night, with a velocity of a mile per second, it would have taken up wards of 60 days to eject it Surely 3Mr Robertson did not stop to think how much hydrogen he was asking for. But, again, suppose for the sake of argument, that the hydrogen did get therein the required quantity, floating like a mantle over our atmosphere to produce pretty sunsets, could it stay there three months in spite of the well established law of the diffusion of grass ! Certainly not, it would have mixed with the air in a few days, and we poor mortals would long since hare paid the penalty of such wild inferference with natural laws, for a few hours in such a diluted air would cause our death. 