DUNGOCU We have passed through another week of the most trying weather that has been known here for years ; in some respects it has been very changeable. After two of the hottest days of the season, Saturday was cold, and Sunday morning gave some promise of rain, bat it was all a delusion ; in one thing there is no change-an unusual dryness in the air, and a scourging wind blowing alternately from all points of the compass, parohing the life out of every green thing. It is most tantalising to read in yesterday's Mercury of the more than bountiful rainfalls .in Queensland, and of the crops in Victoria being injured by too "much rain, while here for months we have been suffering from unin- terrupted drought. Anything in the sem- blance of grass crumbles to dust under the lightest tread, and with the clearance made by the bush-fires the faoe of the country generally is as bare as the'road. It is a wonder how stock running in the neigh- bourhood of the township manage to pick up a living ; as for the town cows, they are little less than dangerous. A mob of them got into a yard fast night and broke into an out-house and eat up a bag of potato«. Hoir they got the fruit oat of the bag is a mystery, but they did empty the bag and devoured the whole, biting and eating up a basket of onions at the same time. When cows begin to eat raw onions it is safe to infer they are very hard up for fodder. If we do not get a great fall of rain before the cold weather seta in, it will be a gloomy look out for winter, ii we had a good drenching rain now while there is still a good heat in the ground, there would be a fine spring of young grass all over the burnt bush, and everywhere giving plenty of winter feed ; but if delayed till the cold weather the growth would be both feeble and scanty. I expected a change about the 27th, and it did look somewhat promising for rain this morning, but &o; the sun mounted up the clouds dispersed, and it has been a very parching day, but the wind is from the south, and there are again heavy black clouds hanging about the southern horizon, and I am not quite hopeless but that we shall have rain before you can publish this. A little girl about three years of age, daughter of Dr. Higgs, died yesterday, I have not learned of what complaint, but as far as I can hear the public health of the district is satisfactory, Dungog, Feb. 27th, 1884. 