OUR CITY LETTER. From our own Correspondent. Perth, March 29. A company styling itself the Bindoon Gold Mining Company, Limited, with a capital of £10,000 in £1 shares is being formed m Perth. The prospectus states that the promoters have discovered in the neighborhood of Bindoon what they consider to be a large reef of auriferous quartz, a ton of which having been forwarded to the School of Mines, Ballarat, was found to yield 2 dwts. 11 grs. of gold. A reservation of the land has been Secured from the Government, and they propose to commence operations as soon , as sufficient capital has been subscribed to enable the company to procure the necessary plant, which, it is estimated, will cost about £1500. The provisional directors are Messrs R. H. Habgood, J. Shaw, J. Atkinson, A. Forrest, W. H. Angove, G. Leake and J. F. Harper, and Dr. Scott. That unfortunate young fellow Brenon, whose arrest upon the charge of loitering near the New South Wales Bank, with the intention of committing a felony, I mentioned in my last, has since been charged with having unlawfully obtained the revolver found in his possession from the Survey department, where he had been employed as a draughtsman. Witnesses were called, who deposed to the revolver having been missed from the office, and the prisoner, upon being asked to give an account how it came in his possession, replied, through his counsel, to the effect that suffering from mental depression produced by the effects of a sunstroke, and also by pecuniary difficulties and other causes, he had merely taken the revolver for the purpose of putting an end to his existence. This, however, was not sufficiently satisfactory to the Court who sentenced him to six months imprisonment. With regard to the other more serious charge, it is believed that, under the circumstances the matter will drop. Last Tuesday while the contractors for the third section of the Eastern Railway were ballasting several trucks through the deviation, the lower one was uncoupled and sent on, two men accompanying it. Unluckily, it proved unmanageable, and the men, alarmed at the rate of speed they were travelling at, jumped off, leaving the truck to shift for itself. At a speed of quite fifty miles an hour, it rushed down the long grade, up an incline, through the big cutting, and, finally, upon reaching a very sharp curve it shot off the rails, and rolled down to the bottom of the bank, where it was rescued considerably damaged. It is most fortunate that being only a truck, no lives were sacrificed by this unlucky contretemps. News comes from the North of a shocking attempt made by a native named Bobby Barlow to murder a young girl, Mary Ann Johnson, at Northampton, on the 21st inst. The child, who is not more than 13 years of age, was returning home from school with several companions, when the native waylaid her, and savagely beat her about the head with a dowark, and left her for dead. She was removed to Geraldton hospital, almost lifeless, where she now lies in a most precarious condition; in the meantime Bobby was cleverly captured by a settler named Shire, and conveyed to Geraldton for trial. About a week ago, the remains of a human skeleton were found about 12 miles from Guildford, and conveyed into that town, where the . Coroner subsequently held an inquest upon . them. They were very much charred, but whether by a bushfire, or by an attempt to destroy them as the evidence of a murder was unknown. The jury, however, arrived at a verdict that the remains appeared to be those of an absconder named Lewis, who had been 'wanted' by the police for about two years, Singularly enough,- the defunct Lewis - was arrested at Guildford, the same afternoon, and brought to Perth to be tried. To add to the ludicrousness of the affair, it now appears there is some doubt as to whether he is an absconder or not. William Stubberfield, an employé of Messrs. Smith & Co., met with a nasty accident the other day, while working at a planing machine, one of his hands being caught between the knives and a large portion of two fingers being shorn off. A valedictory tea meeting was given last Tuesday evening, to the Rev. T. C. Laurance, who is on the eve of departure for Albany. A farewell address, and a purse of sovereigns were presented to the rev. gentleman during the evening. Several shops and other places of business are in course of erection in the city, and, before long, there is likely to be some competition between contractors for building a large number of similar structures. Roe v. the City Council cost the citizens £233 in all, and several heartless ratepayers are saying the Councillors ought to pay it out of their own pockets. A little boy named Armstrong had his thigh broken last Saturday by some timber falling upon him, while he was playing in a grant in Stirling Street. 