KAMA1100KA. (FROM A COHKESrONDENT.) Mondav, ISth February. The hum of four threshing-machines is now to bo heard from " early morn till dewy ove" in this rising farming district, with generally satisfactory results. Mr. Watson has 12 bags of barley to the acre, and Mr. Williams G bags of wheat to the acre, while some are only getting 4 bags to the acre. However, your enterprising citizens, Messrs. J. Matehett and Co., have been threshing for the last 10 days, with the encouraging result of about l,r>00 bags, being an avorage of G bags of wheat and nine bags of oats per acre. Pressing hard in their wake is that indefatigable manager of Messrs. Hay Bros., with a return of about 1,100 bags of wheat and oats, wheat averaging ovor n bags per acic. The farmers here aro on the qui vice; bush-fires to the east, wost, and south; sparks from the engine and from the perpetual pipes all round. Hero the chequered scones of life are various among thoso horny-handed sons of toil, whoso bed is the earth and the sky their covering. Travelling with the machiues, some have left tho bosom of their family many miles behind ; but, alas, wlion Sunday comes, too many of thorn fall into the arms of Bacchus. But, sir, gang wi' me an' tak' a panoramic peep o' the ither sido o' the picture See that group of men iv little way from tho machine, after lunch, smoking and conversing cheerfully. That ruddy-coun tenanced young man, who is noted for his con geniality, integrity and energy, is the manager of tho place, and there is our sable " brodder," all the way from Egypt—an expert workman, a gentleman and musician, and that wiry little man, formerly a link in the legal profession, seems now content with an honest living by hard work. Yonder rugged-looking old man of sixty years lias for tho last weak been working from twelve to thirteen hours daily. Yesterday being Sunday, and having such groat affection for his own little boy, ho walked 33 miles to see him. Again, lookat that broad-shouldored, freckle-faced little lad of 13 summers; the son of a widow, standing alono, conspicuous only by his torn garments, and actually carrying neither pipo nor tobacco. That kind-hearted Irishman has walked tip to him, and in iv sympathetic mannor says, " Now that you have made some money, I suppose you will (jet new clothes, those aro so ragged." "Ah," replies tho boy, "mother and my littlo brothers and six tors aro tirst to bo helped; that is to bo thought about more than my old clothes." Here is a loving heart beneath a ragged coat. Virtuo is its own reward, for there stands one in the shade of a tree who has heard tho lad's touching reply, and whose thoughts " with the speed of an arrow flow over the sea " to the time when, and the place whero, many years ago, ho himself was a rustio lad work ing in tho frost and snow. The result of his cogi tations is the ordering of a now suit of clothes for the boy, and, duubtloss, tho first intimation ho will receive of it will bo tho reading of this report. Au'l, now, sir, beforo wo let the curtains fall wo will wish them all a happier resting place when the Great Harvester of tho Univorso calls them, and may they bo found bringing in tho sheaves, shout ing " Hurrah for the Harvest Home." 