COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. ? ♦ VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent, 1 Melbourne. January 1L The inquest on the girl Bertha Scott, who was drowned in Kenny's Baths, Brighton, resulted in a verdict of accidentally drowned, the jury adding a rider that the arrangements for the preservation of life at the baths were insufficient. A warraDt has been issued for the arrest of : Gco. Davidson, late lessee of the Theatre \ Royal cafe, for a breach of the insolvency statute,, in leaving the colony within four months of his insolvency. Davidson ia said i to be in Sydney. ? M*_ ovm ? * ? ? i . _ ™r-a«i. x-iacK, assistant surveyor-general \ has been appointed by the Minister of Lauds . to meet the rabbit inspector of South Aus- ! tralia and confer as to the best means for ! taking joint action to exterminate the pest. An Italian named Leon Vita has been Sentenced by the City Bench to nine months' imprisonment for forging and utterio.' Cheques purporting to be signed by his Ut« emplojer, Hiscocks, proprietor of the Federal Aunstrels, Geo. T. Anderson was fined £50 or three months' imprisonment at the Bairnsdale Police-Court to.day for conducting a tatali Kfttor at a recent race meeting. Charles W. Smith, tentmaker, who ab sconded from bis creditors in April last, taking with him £1,350, aad was recently brought back from Uogland, was committed for trial to-day by the City bench. Melbourne. January 13. Airs. BeggB, who was injured whilst getting on -board the steamer Edinaat Port»rling ton pier, has commenced an action a-r«nst the proprietors of the vessel, Messrs. Ho irar 1 Smith and Sons, and claims £1,000 damages. John Charles Daffy, a young man cm ployed as traveller by Guest & Co., biscuit manufacturers, has been arrested on a charge of embezzling money belonging to the firm. Two Frenchmen, William Beig and Peter Miss», have been arrested on suspicion of being New Caledonian escapees. They were in the Imperial Hotel flashing jewellery, and endeavoring to dispose of some of it. They were brought up at the City Uourt yesterday, when they denied that they were escapees. A remand till Friday was granted in order to ascertain the truth of the prisoners' state ments. The Mount Alexander Mail reports that a shock of earthquake was felt in Casttemaine on Thursday last. It was accompanied by a rumbling noise, and shook several hooses. The harvest in Oippshvnd is expected to turn out fairly welL In some portions of the district the wheat has suffered severely from rust The barley and pea crops will yield largely. Extensive bush fires are raging in Glen msggic ' and Turamba, two of the best agricultural districts of North Gippsland. A considerable amount of damage was done to grass and fencing, and the township of Turamba bad a narrow escape from being bnmt. The attempt to cultivate the eorghum sugarcane at the model farm, Dookie, has met with very little success. Gregory, a justice of the peace and a well known auctioneer, of Horsham, whose arrest for forgery created such a sensation, has been committed for trial on three separate charges of forging and uttering the endorsements of well-known Melbourne auctioneering firms to promissory notes. A number of other charges will be brought against him. The match for the McLean Challenge Cap between East Melbourne and Richmond was continued on the ground of the hitter yester day. The Richmond's first innings closed for 157, or 4S behind East Melbourne, and the latter when time was called had seven wickets down for 11*2 in their second innings. A resident of the Rochester district, a farmer earned Gcddard, while loading a waggon with wheat, clipped and frightened the horses, which shied, and the wheels of the waggon passed over the man, injuring him so severely that he died in a few ninutes. A farmer named McPhail committed suicide at Foster, South Gippsland, by hang iDg himself from a tree while suffering from religious mania. Mr. W. Jardine Smith, the well known journalist, died to-day after a short illness. The deceased was operated on a few days ago for carbuncle, since when he gradually sank. Mr. Jardine Smith for the last thirteen years has been one of the leader writers for the Argus, and was a universal favorite in the profession. His loss will be severely felt. Mr. Watts, the city surveyor, died to-day through congestion of the orain. For the last twenty years he had been in the employ of the city council, and ws granted a year's leave of absence a few months ago. A youog man named John Williams, a laborer, aged 25, was arrested on Saturday on a charge of indecently assaulting a little girl aged 10. James Hill, aged 71, employed on the Whittlesea waterworks, while driving a dray wss run over through the horse bolting. His arm had to be amputated, and he died shortly after the operation was performed. Melbourne, January 11. A comparative statement of the imports and exports at this port for 1S83 has been pre pared by tiie Customs department, and ia as follows : — Imports, £15,139,2} L, as agaiast £15,443,709 for 1SS2; exports, £14,910,574, as against £14,370,065 for the previous year. Mr. Kerferd, the Attorney- General, has so far recovered from his illness as to be able to attend to his departmental duties to-day. The Victoria Coursing Club have appointed Mr. Ernest Gatenby as ji'dge, and Mr. R. Banner as slipper for the ensuing season. Both these gentlemen occupied similar posi tions last year. Arthur Olives, a young man aged 23, was arrested this morning on a charge of bestiality. A girl named Perry, a daughter of a resi dent of Chines, who was on a visit to Allen dale, fell down the shaft of a mine there and was killed. Her body was frightfully muti lated, the head being completely smashed in. A young lady named Victoria Turner has been missing from her home, Glenferry-road, Hawthorn, since Saturday. The board of enquiry appointed by the Chief Secretary to investigate several charges laid by Lieutenant Dennis, of the Naval Reserve, against Captain Follarton, his com nianriir-g officer, of insulting and unjustifiable behaviour, held its first meeting to-day, when a Dumber of witnesses were examined in reference to three of the charges. A wharf laborer named John Williams was committed for trial at the City Court for indecently assaulting a girl aged 12, on Satur day night. News reached here to-night of a terrible bushfire raging at Port Albert. The scrub round the town is all ablaze ; the Church of England has been burnt down, and several private residences wore saved with great difficulty. A man named Goo. Sims was charged at the Flemington court to-day with attempting to commit a criminal assault ou a young girL He was discharged owiDg to the insufficiency of the evidence, but remanded to answer a similar charge preferred against him by a girl named Sarah Walker. Melbourne, January 15. The Frenchmen, Missa and Rice, arrested the other day on suspicion of being New Caledonian escapees have been discharged from gaol, their identity having been proved according to their statements. The total stakes paid away by the Vic torian Club, on account of Saturday's meet ing, amounted to £L,0-27. Mr. Wai. Pearson was the largest winner with £725 A farmer named Wm. Stewart wag driving from I Mooaambel to Barkley tocrnsbip ia tie Avoca district, when his spring-cart upset through the wheel coming into contact with a stump. Stewart sras picked up ia an insensible state and taken to the Mary borough Hospital, where it was found that his spine was badly injured, and that his lover limbs were paralysed. A disastrous fire occurred to-day on Gilles pie Brothers' Faithful Creek station, Euroa, destroying three stacks or wheat and one of peas, the produce of over two hundred acres. Tlie damage is only partially covered by in surance. Abdallah. the well-known steeplechaser, was put up to auction to day, and knocked down to T. Jcnes. the Cau!he!d trainer, for 70 guise&E.; The annual si: ting cf the Wesleyan Metho dist Conference commenced to night. Tae Rev. By. Bath was elected president for the ensuing jear. The Rev. E. J. Watkin, retiring president, delivered an address, in which ae reviewed the events of the year connected with the church, and spoke earnestly in favor ol a union of the Methodist churches of Australia. Referring to the Salvation Army, the speaker thought it was doing a great deal of good, although he could not ap prove altogether of its conduct, especially wiih rcjrurd io tbe appareat flippancy with which sucred u&raes; were uttered in its mcetir gs and tainted in its publications. Melbourne, January 10. Owing to the sentence passed on Nathan, the time-pa} went furniture dealer, for aiding and abettirg prostitution by furnishing and let ting hcuteb to the deraimotde. a general evic tion of wemen of tbe town is taking place. Some of the tenants refuse to leave, and are literally sustaining a siege. In a number of places where agents have gained entrance the houses have been stripped, and the furniture and fittings lowered out of tbe windo vs into vans which were waiting below. The charge against Pilot Murrell of causing the coll~'?on between the Eden and Nemesis, in tbp Yerra, ws* ueard before ihe Pilot Board today and dismissed. Tlie Minister of Lands has had a special return prepared showing the amount of land selected during 1SS3 as compared with the previous year. In 1SS2 the area selected under the litth section of the Land Act of 1S69 was 830.1GL acres, as against S15.S2S ia 1883\. The area selected under the 11th section of the Act of 187S was 7,039 acres in 1SS2 and 10,614 acres in 1SS3. Under the 49th section of the Act of 1809 the area taken nn in 18S2 was 14,050 acres, as against 1S.42S in 1SS3. The members of the Public Service Bosrd Wf re appointed to-day at a special meeting of tbe Cabinet, The final choice has fallen upon Mr. J. M. Templeton, actuarv of the National Mutual Life Association of Victoria ; Mr. T. Coucbman. secretary of the mining department; and Professor M. H. Irving. Mr. Symonds, tbe Under Secretary, was asked to allow himself to be appointed, but declined. In November last the Premier communi cated with the Queensland Government in regard to the treatment which two Chinese shipwrecked sailors had been subjected to upon reaching Port Mackay. The two Chinamen, it will be remembered, instead of being treated with kindness after their narrow escape by drowning at Port Mackay, for noc-pajment of the poll tax — the demand for which they were uoable to satisfy, having lost til their effects in the shipwreck — were ordered to be imprisoned. Mr. Griffith no v writes to Mr, Service stating that the release of the two unfortunate men had been ordered immediately upon the facts being reported to the Government, but some delay occurred owing to the miscarriage of a letter. The eub-coilector, who imprisoned the Chinamen, bad also been severely censured for his con duct. Aswagsman named Joseph Mullins, aged 25, was accidentally drowned in Broken Biver, Benalla, yesterday, while bathing. 