GENERAL DESCRIPTION, PHYSICAL PREDI LECTIONS, AND RELATIVE TANNIC VALUES OF THE WATTLE-TREES NAMED. For the guidance of those who may wish to enter into the cultivation of the wattles as a crop, it is essential that the fullest information should be at once given in regard to the general peculiarities of eacli of the species referred to, tbeir relative tannic values and adaptability to tbe soil and climate of the various districts of this colony. These matters I shall now endeavour to give under the respective names of tbe trees. Acacia pycnantba, or the Broad leaf Wattle.—ThiB tree is common to nearly all districts of the colony north of Encounter Bay, and is occasionally to be met with along the coast from Kingston to the Glenelg River. Its principal habitat, however, is in the Adelaide hills and plains, from Encounter Bay to Clare. For propagation purposes, seed should, if possible, be obtained from trees grown within these limits. In some parts of the North there is a narrow-leafed variety, with tbe stem and branches covered with a whitish sub stance. which it is desirable should not be propa gated, as the tree is of slow growth and does not attain payable dimensions. The species will grow readily in almost all kinds of soils, but its rate of growth is most rapid in those of a sandy character, while at tbe same time the largest trees and tbe best bark is produced on sites where the soil is sandy on top and of a good retentive clay in the subsoil. With this tree we have the means of making our poorest soils yield valuable crops, instead of them lying comparatively idle and worthless. In tbe South-Eaat there are few at all presentable places where this tree will not thrive. A. pycnantba will do equally as well, and on the richer soils. In the northern portions of the colony, that is north of Encounter Bay, to the present limits of agricultural settlement, more care will have to be exercised in tbe selection of sites lor wattle plantations than is necessary in the South-East. Taking the block of country lying between Encounter Bay in the south, Mount Re markable in the north, Spencer's Gnlf on the west, and on the east from the River Murray, along the line of tbe present limits of cultivation, the hilly por tions of it are all the natural habitat of the species. Where the soil is suitable on the plains ana other portions within these four lines, not embraced in the previous class of conDtry, the broad-leaved wattle can be cultivated with every probability of a payable crop. Within the district defined there are many places where it would not pay to cultivate the tree. Although it will grow to a fair size on highly caicareonB and saline soils, and yield an average percentage of tannic add, still where these kinds of soils can no avoided it is as well to do so. On such soils tbe growth is nnnsually slow, and the trees die off at an early age. It is advisable also to avoid sites where the soil is a very strong clay on surface, nnless thorough cultivation in the way of stirring up the soil by plough ing or scarifying can be afforded every year. Of all the acacias to which this report has reference, the bark of the one nnder review contains tbe largest percentage uf tannic acid. According to experiments instituted by Baron Sir Ferd. von Mueller, the Government Botanist of Victoria, it yielded, when artificially dried, from SO to 45 per cent, or tanning matter. During tbe last year some Interesting analyses have been made by Mr. George Goyder, jun., of the Survey Department laboratory. As the result of the analyses [given in detail in the report], Mr. Goyder makes tbe following remarks" The thickness of the bark appears to have little or no effect on the proportion of tannin. The age of a tree at which the percent age of tannin in the bark begins to fall off varies according to tbe soil, climate, Ac. Aslongasa tree looks healthy and strong, and has a general appear ance of sturdy growth, the percentage of tannin in tbe bark does not appear to diminish with age. Thus, although the tree at the Semaphore was about thiity years old, the percentage of tannin it yielded was only slightly below the average, tbe average for the twenty samples of trunk Dark examined being 2S'17 per cent., the lowest 17*4, and the highest 84'0 per cent of tannin. In unhealthy trees, on the contrary, even though young, the percent age of tannin falls off at once, as is shown by those of Hundred of Bright and the Bay road. In both of these cases the trees were de scribed as unhealthy and apparently dying. Some of the trees on Torrens Island were also unhealthy, and showed tbe same results Tbe tannin in the baik in tbe two-year-old twigs is on an average 4 per cent, lower than that of the trunk bark from the same trees. The bark from the one-year-old twigs, in the only case tried, contained 3 per cent, less tannin than the trunk bark. The leaves contained on an average 4'8 per cent, of tannin, but as their total extractive matter averaged between seven and eight times this amount, they conldprobably only be employed as a weak solution for ta-nlng, and even then the presence of the large amount ct gum and other extractive matter might be prejudicial to their nse." A special feature of Ur. Goyder's ananysis is that the bark upon the branches and twigs of this wattle contains a very high percentage of tannic acid. This fact points to the necessity of stripping all available bark from the trees. During the summer months this wattle exudes a very con siderable quantity of gum, which is used for the same purposes as the well- known gum-arabic. With the conservation and cultivation of the trees such as is now advocated, an opportunity will again arise for the revival of this industry amongst us. Acacia decurrenB, or Black Wattle.—This tree is in digenous chiefly to Victoria and New Sontb Wales, and it only appears in the South-Eastern district of this colony, where it is of frequent occurrence, and attains to a comparatively large size. This species of our wattle delights in sandy soils with a clay sub-soil; but it attains its largest dimensions upon a black allnvial soil of great depth, and where there is plenty of percolating moisture. It will thrive well ana make very considerable progress in very poor situations where the soil is almost pare sand. It does remarkably well about Adelaide, as instance some fine specimens in the Botanic Gardens and Park. From my experience of the tree I am of opinion that while it will do well in almost any kind of soil, it will not grow satisfactorily and as a pay able crop on exposed Bitnations, or where the rain fall is below 15 inches annually. I can therefore only recommend its cultivation in the moister and more temperate portions of the colony. It is recom mended by Baron Mueller for planting upon worn out lands overgrown with sorrel. Its cultivation upon onr South farms in the neighbourhood of Stratbalbyn, and in the older-settled districts among the hills, would therefore be advisable. The climate and soil of these districts are suited to its cultivation. According to analysis made under the direction of the Victorian Wattle Board, the bark of A. decurrens yields from 29 to 34 per cent, of tannic acid. Upon the bark of a tree twelve years of age, grown near Mount Gambler, Mr. George Goyder's observations are as followsThickness of bark, 0 34 in.; per cent, of tannin, 27*5; and per cent, of extractive matter, 44*7. This species can be culti vated as readily as A. pycnantha. After bushfires run over any district composing its habitat, it springs np in abundance. The tree is somewhat branchy in its habit, and requires close planting in order to check this ana make it throw its woodmaking vitality into the stem. One pound of seed is said to contain as nany as 40,000 grains. These can be germinated with less hea1 and earlier than those of the broad-leaf species.' Acacia saligna, or tbe Western Australian Wattle.— This tree is now under experiment at tbe Wirrabara Forest Nursery, but nothing can yet be said as to its adaptability or otherwise to our conditions of soil and climate. Acacia dealb&ta;, or Silver Wattle.—In this colony the silver wattle is con fined to the South-Eastern district,but unfortunately its bark is comparatively thin and weak in tannic acid. 