GUNDAROO. (From our Uorreapondeetf) THE LATE FIRE AT ESHErsceaceD. &t; the ecpress wish of lr. O. Mlasisy, the distriob oproder has dispensed with an i?quest upon the abbore disaster Oiroumstanees snrrouading the affair have caused much comment " ,, Thanks to the skilful and: sidunous attention bestowed by Dr. Miorton, Mbitnier Nath?n, the victim of the recent cart ai-? ideift,' is rapidly approaching'ooovaltsoen.oq The saving: of .the sufferer's leg, and possibh :his life, has added another feather to the worthy:doctor's professional cap. On Thurady evening last Ridge's .irols gave a": performanis here; Owing to lack of announcement, the attendaneco was sparse. The entertainment was not remarkalible:fur ats of a thrilling nature?, but was nevertheless enjoyad by the ep-ctatora. An egrdeable change has taken' plaeo: in itheo atmosphorer " Opp'esaivo heast has given -place ti ,col iefrebhing breezes- Nice showera'of rain hiave fallen, bL6:i~; a heia?ay,: downpotr is needed to replenish stagnant water holes and-moieton the parohed earth Up to th p{reseanti we have ebjoyed sn enviable immunity frim bn?huftlre?. .Ldng may it contisi'e. Stock areoi:falling off -in condition, ha there ii positively' no natriment• in tho esapleed, grass, o.bf; waitch thiqrg i eji a' ' fairl iispply. Crops have e?iffered much froi the pbrtracted drought, and.the fields in most cases fall short of the estimate. "'-io pblle -ofllioer- collecting :tho annual etsatiostis informs? e tlihat'.t lie'. wheat crops average dfourieri'tbiiushels per acre. This must be anaidere'd proliflo, inviewof theaeason e'xporionced. The hay crops are light, ii few instances exceeding. one tbn pber aore.:: . Six tliiesied .sheei frdom Donnelly. Brother-': Borambil?:ftafion; near Wngga Wagg., "arrived at Bywdog last week. It will be remembered that Borambola has'recentlybeen the soone.of ravaging bush-fires. Police Business.- The ohargesheeton ,Wednesdasy last presedted i'olean surface do may it ever be. Our polioijmimhnas b oa iie'ted his annual tabk of olleoting the'electoral roll., &o;, and prestiniably is outbo alerb for victihiaagiinio Notwithstandieg the unfavoui-able weather, &o.;, the health of the community is good; Fewui oaeep of silkoeeess are rieported........ Owing to'the extremely high winds that have prevailedi fruit will be scarce and of poor quality this season. . It is oleulated that fifteen thousand bushels of wheat will be thrashed this year within a radius of tee miles ironomundsroo, and yet we cannot boaest of a fliur inill. January 21. The AttorneyrGeneral has declined to file a bill against Captain Groatof the steamer Glenelg, concerning whom the coroner's jury founda vedict of manslaughter. Frede'ick Eaitnes has been fined J5 by the Sydney beriich for a breach of the Lotteries Prevention Act, for selling packets in the street with a chance ofa prize. More rain in thle West. , Parkes reports 7 points on Mlonday mnorning. Showery at Wagga; r6 points registered, 