BHE PACIFIC INFERNO, AND AUSTRALIAN RIFLE CLUBS. flb Service made one great hit in his leneifelf speech npon the annexation and federation question on Thursday night. St had the Bingnlar merit that, while it Bad escaped all other observers, writers r orators, on the subject, it was as pal- gable as it waB striking. The Premier goint <d oat that, owing to the system of ftonscription in France, which compels very man to serve an apprenticeship to arms, of the 15,000 convicts now in Slew Caledonia, and the further 60.000 ? 100,000 incorrigibles to be sent there and >o the Loyalty Islands, an immense majority wonld be trained soldiers, many f them having Been service in Algiers, ffanis and elsewhere. The certain con- Beqnences to Australia, in case of war ' between France and the mother country, as drawn by Mr Service, are simply appa liug ; as those tigers conld not be 66trined from an attack npon the rich neighboring colonies, and would most grobably be let loose, or systematically employed, for that very purpose by the 5reneh military authorities, who have Sever been marked by the ordinary con federations of humanity or civilisation. IBuch a course would, to them, have the double recommendation of ridding Sbem <;f a hideous and costly encum brance, and of embarrassing England by carrying the war into those seas, witk- nt depriving the regular army of a single eldiei-, oh whatever field was chosen for Ihe struggle nearer home. First, then, let as consider the possibility of such a var, and then the terrible position in which it - would place these colonies. That there is a growing irritation be tween the two countries there is no room to doubt. The withdrawal of the French from the Egyptian business, and the access of England single-handed — the fruits of which have been since so recklessly Sfcrown away by the vacillating and in comprehensible policy pursued by Mr Gladstone in that country — have ex cited a jealousy in France which neither She Press nor the nation at large take She trouble to hide. The reeent cowardly attempt by the British Go vernment to mollify this feeling, by cfifering France a participation in settling .'the affairs of Egypt, so far from having -that tiffect, will encourage the French In Ve-as8erting their claims to a share in the military occupation of Cairo and the Red . Bea purts. Mr Gladstone, if he still nhappily remain in power, will yield Shis as be has everything. And who is bold enough or blind enongh to say that 3 joint military, er even a combined political, protectorate of the Nile Valley and the Snez Canal wonld restore the entente cordiale between the two coun- ties ? Wonld it not rather make Egypt the field where onr present unsatisfactory elations wonld be decided by the .arbi trament of war ? This, unfortunately, would bring the scene of the combat into Znore nnpleasant proximity to Australia, and would give France the advantage of biiug nearer to the sonree of her supplies ShaciEugland wonld be. And let it not be snpposed that, in the anticipation of a rapture, we are unnecessarily alarming aurselves. When a peer of the realm, lord Rosebehy, declares in his place in the House of Lords that a persistence, by France in her present purpose to earry ant the. recidivists proposals must Head to a war between the two nations, we may be sure that the declaration, as it would eertai oily -.not bo calculated to prevent Bnch a catastrophe, was made in the foil beliefitbat the event was imminent. Bnt if we only take it as a remote possi bility — and, no one will dispute this posi tion — it is imperative on ns to consider what would be the consequences to <us, and how wo should provide against them. So enter upon these questions, we must1 bave a full comprehension of the French transportation scheme. We bave before 3B a precis of the project, aB evolved by a committee of the "Chamber of Deputies at of four original proposals, all having She same end in view. For ,the conve nience of onr readers we shall translate those portions in which they will be chiefly interested. M. Geryille>Reache, who areported the resolutions to the Chamber, aid that, at least, 60,000 irreclaimables aonld be sent to New Caledonia, and 83,000 to the Loyalty islands. The opponents of: the measure stated that She convicts coming Under the category Wonld not be less than. 100,000, and it wae well knopn that the islands .indi cated wonld not. accommodate one-half that number. - These men were openly described by the above-named deputy as « dangerous, lost in vices, morally ener'-. rated by debauchery, and sallied by every, ejrime." Their relegation Was to consist pi " pippetnaf SftDishmenl;" but " every /fjransporfc wpplcf, Pa his arrival in the Jfllawy, fre free,'! the object of the measure was France «f their presence." ft ert to show that the Government cmpca- bension of the iWnlts of the?? Pf5p®Bals» Bill provi|3 that France Support the convicts at first, till they I conld gat work ; but, " if they could not? get work, they must live as they could." ' ( lis vitrnnl comma ils pourroiU. ) Tho number of convicts to he sent out during tho first year were variously estimated at between 5000 and 10,000. So that, if war is not declared between the two natiens in the meantime, we may have, within twelve months from this date, between 20,000 and SO, 000 trained devils within tempting reach of the richest and mest scattered communities on the face of the earth. As we have' said, France, «nce engaged in warfare, oven if she would not actually employ; these men in order to keep our hands! full id resisting such nn onslaught, could j not spare soldiers to keep them within I the bounds of New Caledonia, and they would socs organise expeditions on their own account. We need not say such desperadoes would not long want for arms or ammunition, or Bhips to convey them. The Handing of five or six thou sand abandoned wretches at different points on the coast of this continent wonld be a calamity so great that the mind refuses to contemplate it. They conld land anywhere without serions opposition, and at this moment we have no force which could oppose them with any chance of annihilating them before they had inflicted deep wounds upon onr prosperity as well as onr honor, nor until they had perpetrated unheard of crimes. Military discipline wonld only be preserved in their ranks, so far as was dictated by their knowledge that it was to a certain extent necessary to their safety for any length of time; but the mischief they might do, and the outrages and enormities which would msrk their course would be something which could never be forgo'ien. It wonld be in such an extremity as this, that twenty or thirty thousand Australian riflemen, with such efficiency in the nae of that arm as could be acquired during the next fateful year, might cut shnrt the career of such bell-hounds. "With the help of onr railways and ocean steamers we conld pat an overwhelming force — in numbers, if notiu training — a! some point to intercept or follow up anl harass the demon army, and by cutting off stragglers hovering on their flank, and resisting them from behind earthworks, wherever a good opportunity presentod it self, those who did not fall victims to their own vices would speedily melt away under the well-directed fire of men who, while keeping well out of reach, could send every ballet home to its mark. It is therefore incumbent on our young men to form themselves into rifle clnbs at once, and, in view of so frightful a danger, prepare thomBelves to defend, in the only way possible, the property of our adopted country, the sanctity of our homes and the honor of our women. Let Beecb- worthand the other towns in this district take a leading pait in the rifle club movement, and by immediate action and constant practice, give assurance to them selves and the colonies at large that, when the evil day arrives, a North- Eastern contingent will not be far from the scene of conflict, nor deficient in the ability to take a leading part in the fray. _______ The Carriage of Farm Produce. — At a committee meeting of the Shepparton and Lower Goulburn Valley Agricultural and Pastoral Society, held on Saturday, it was resolved to co-operate with the Tatura Agricultural Society, by whom the follow ing resolution had been adopted : — " That this society, as an organisation of farmers, do give their support te, and thoroughly approve of, the action taken by the shire councils which have "formed themselves into a body, and waited upon the Vic torian Railway Commissioners for the purpose of appealing for a further reduc tion of the freight for the carriage of their farm produce ; and that this society solicit the support of the kindred societies in the colony to further the movement, it being one of the first importance to far mers." Mining on Private Property. — The following resolution was passed at a meet ing held at Scott's Hotel, Melbourne, on Friday : — " That this meeting is of opinion that the Government should be supported in every constitutional manner in making the bill introduced into the Legislative Council by the Hon. F. T. Sargood, the law of the land, and petitions in favor thereof shall be prepared and presented without delay to the Legislature, and sta tistics obtained showing the enormous charges now levied on the mining indust.rv by the freeholders in the shape of bonuses, varying from £1 to £10 per acre, as well royalties from 24 to 25 per cent, on the gross yield of gold, in the getting of which they have not invested a shilling, or taken any risk whatever, and to which they have no legal right." The meeting formed itself into a committee to carry out the ob jects of the resolution Writs of Pkohimtion. — In the Full Court, Melbourne, on Tuesday, Sir Bryan (D'Loghlen obtained a conditional rule for a writ of prohibition in a matter of the Queen v Foster "(warden at Beechworth) on behalf of Sayei, Reilly and the Granya Gold Alining Company. A like rule was granted in the c»Be Queen v Foster and Mary Phillips. The caaes were heard at the Wodcnga Warden's Court during rihe present month, and -verdicts given for plaintiffs. The matters will he argued in a few days. " The Sketcher." — We have received a copy of the ' ' Australasian Sketcher" for the 30th inst. The chief feature of the number is the frontugjiece, reapresenting sketches in Parliament, in which the fea tures iiud attitudes of- & number of promi nent members have been very well and happily " hit -off" by the artist. Among the other illustrations, which comprise sketches by the Messagetiea route and views of intercolonial scenery aud other objects of interest to colonists, .is pre sented a portrait of the Most Rev. P. F. Moran, Roman Catholic Arch'bishGp of Sydney. Public Holiday. — (Tuesday next jtas been gazetted a public holiday, in honor of the Queen's Birthday, the celebration - on which was deferred at .Her Majesty's iesire." Beechworth Police Cokey. — On Toes- day, before Mr W. -H. Foster, P. M., Christina Anderson, charged with being a neglected child, was further remanded for a' Week. " A' Chinaman named Ah Lin, for cutting timber oil Crown lands without a license; as fined 10g ; in default, three days' imprisonment. ; ,t . . . The Municipal Rolls. — The officers of the various municipalities are now busy Compiling the municipal rolfe for J. 884-5, and -ratepayers will-, do well to see that tlmir names are licit omitted. Departure from Wangaratta. — Re cently several residents of Wangaratta have left that town for Queensland. Some time ago Mr Otto Maiiin, who had been in business in the borough for some years, went to Brisbane, where he is now a part ner in an hotel. To-niorrow (Friday) a very old resident of Wangaratta. is about to . proceed to the same place. We allude to: Mr W. R. Jarvis, who has livod in the : borough for a period of over a quarter of' a century, during which time, for a period of twelve years, he has carried on the I business of an hotel and storekeeper. At; one time the 'business was of an extended character ; bufc the keen competition which hai sprung cp in' Waugaratta lately caused the venture not to ba as successful as formerly ; hence his determination to try a new sphere of action. Some months ago a portion of Mr Jarvis's family pro ceeded to Queensland, and have been residing there. We understand that it is the intention of Mr Jan-is to go into busi ness in the colony to which he is going, and we wish him all success. Passes. — We are pleased to learn that Miss Ada Florence Mary Dobbyn, third daughter of Dr Dobbyn, the resident- surgeon of the Ovens District Hospital, has been successful in passing both the matriculation and eiril service examina tions held during the month. Miss Dobbyn was one of the pupils prepared by Mrl. Warren Bill, at classes conducted at the Frahran Mechanics' Institute, and some few months ago passed the matri culation examination. A Wife Murderer. — A man named Thomas William Browning was, at the Central Criminal Sessions on Tuesday, sentenced by His Honor Mr Justice Holroyd to ten years' hard labor, the first fortnight in each July and January to be in solitary confinement,' for the murder of his wife at South Melbourne on the 4th ult. The prisoner was tried on a charge of murder, but the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter. A Snake Scare. — A Milawa correspon dent writes : — About ten o'clok on Sun day morning the whole township was thrown into a state ef excitement by the discovery of a large snake lying coiled up under a granary. The alarm was given by a young lady, whose screams soon brought assistance to the spot, and by well- directed blows from a young man the reptile was speedly despatched. When measured, it was found to be six feel in length ; but a strange composition being noticed through the broken parts of its skin led to a further inspection, which proved the animal to ba stuffed. It has been stated since that this snake has undergone three ""killings." After this event we do not feel a little surprised that snakes are so plentiful around here ; and that, curions to say, they creep about these cold mornings. Roadworks.— The tender of E. Sulli van for roadworks between Albury and Wagga Wagga has been accepted by the New South Wales Government. The Beechworth Waterworks. — On Tuesday evening the first section of the new scheme in connection with the Beechworth waterworks — viz., the laying of a second main froni the filter-beds to the intersection of Ford and Camp-streets, a distance of 127 chains, with 5 and 6 inch cast-iron pipes — was completed, under tho supervision of Mr Geo. Mackenzie, the shire engineer. The 7-inch cast-iron pipes to convey the water from Lake Kerferd to the filter-beds, a distance of 1624 chains, have not yet been received, as they have been ordered from England (through Messrs Blyth and Co.. ' of Tel- bourne), and are not expected to arrive in the colony until the expiration of two or three months. The supply of water that will be brought in under the new scheme will, in the shire engineer's opinion, be sufficient for a town three times the size of Beechworth, and the pressure (which has hitherto averaged 751bs) will be increased by 251bs to the square inch. Residents of Havelcck- road and other outlying localities, to whom the scarcity ef water during the summer mouths' Has" been a source of annoyance and complaint, will be glad to learn that in future they will have an abundant supply, as the water can be turned on to their premises independently of the old main, if necessary. The quantity of water per diem that will now be brought in is estimated at 650,000 gallons, being at the rate of 220 gallons for each individual consumer in thtf borough, including waste. The duplica tion of the main has resulted in an in creased supply of 435,000 gallons per diem ; the new pipe-track being at a con siderably lower level, between the filter- beds and the clear-water tank, than the old one. On the water being turned en, with the exception of a couple of leaks at defective joints in Camp- street, which were very soon repaired, everything was found to be working satisfactorily, and the guage in the engineer's office on Wednesday afternoon registered a pressure of 100 lbs. The depth of water in Lake Kerferd nt the present time is about 18ft, Mr Mac kenzie deserves credit for the efficient manner in which ho has effected the duplicatfon of the main, which is a work an engineer of larger experience might have hesitated to undertake to carry through successfully. The ratepayers may now rest satisfied that during the next summer and subsequent dry seasons the water supply to the town will be adequate for all requirements, the tradesmen having special cause for congratulation in the fact that the council will be in a position to water the streets, to lay the dust, which was such a great nuisance last summer, on account of the amallness of the main from the filter-beds, rendering the turning off of the water for certain hours of the night a necessity, to provide for the consumption required for ordinary domestic purposes. Masonic.— The installation of the Wor shipful Master aud officers of the Lod»e of St. John, No. 728, E.C., for the ensuing year was held on St. John's Day (Tuesday last), at the Masonic Hall, Loch-street, "Beechworth. There was a large attend ance of the brethren.-— The ceremony <£ installation was Derformed bv th late Werahipful Master, Bro. Dr W. A Bribbyn, Past District Junior Grand Warden, who duly installed, according to ancient custom, Bro. Honry Ernest Shuhz as Worshipful Mast. Bro. Dobbyn was ably and efficiently assisted by Bros. Past Masters J. D. Lawrence, Thos. TanBwell, D. Fiddes, W. H. Foster and Marsh (Sandridge Marine Lodge). The following brethren were then duly invested by the installing master : — Bro. J. Goldsworthy, Senior Warden ; Bro. J. Duncan, Junior Warden ; Bro. P.M. D. Fiddes, P.D.G.R., Chaplain; Bro. P.M. Tho?, Tanswell. treasurer : Bro. J. Wil- son, secretary ; Bro. T. Sandham, Senior Deacon ; Bro. C L Beck, Junior Deacon ; Br d. Richard Warren, jun., organist ; Bro. Jas. Kyle, Inner 'Guard ; Bro. Andrew Finean, Tyler. Bros. J. G. OrrandDr.F. Deahon were appointed Stewards. Master Bro. Wertheim was unable to at'teiid, owing to the death of a relative. The" brethren afterwards, at ' the invitation of newly elected W.M.;- partook of gapW afc Bro- Wer theim'a Hibernian Hote.'- wh» several Masonic toasts iwerehonoreuV The Mail. — The Euglish mail closes at the Beechworth Post-office as under :< — Foreign money orders and registered letters, 12 noon and 6 p.m., respectively, on Saturday, 28th inst ; ordinary letters aud newspapers, 2 p.m. on Monday, 30th inst. The Masonic Ball.— The ball to take pfoce in the Town Hall, Beechworth, to morrow (Friday) night, will no doubt be one of the grandest affairs of the kind held in the town ; neither effort nor ex pense having been spared by the com mittee to "bring about thai issue. The hall is being decorated with Sags, emblems of the ?£asonic Order and evergreens, and on Wednesday afternoon an idea of what tha scene will be like on Friday night could be faidy farmed. The ball will at nine o'clock be opened with Masonic honors. A meeting, for the rehearsal of the opening ceremony, and to receive the final reports of the sub-committees, is to be held in the lodge-room at eight o'clock this (Thursday) evening. Another Fire near Albury.— The: Racing Club Hotel, situated near the Black Range, near Albury, rented by Mr Devene, and owned by Dr Andrews, ha3 been destroyed by fire. Early on Tuesday morning a fire was discovered in the cellar, and was put out after a few cases of spirits were damaged. The insurance agents, Mr W. Conley, for the furniture and stock, and Mr Ten Brink, for the premises, went out aud estimated the damage done, and were quite positive that every spark was out. At about half- past one o'clock on Wednesday morning the hotel waB again discovered to be on fire, and the flames devoured everything. The cause of the second outbreak is in volved in mystery. Tlie furniture and stock, are insured by the agent, Mr W. Coniey, in the'. South British Company's office -for £400, and in the Phoenix. In surance Company for £400 (£250 on the furniture, and £150 on the stock). The building, which belonged to Dr Andrews, is insured in the Victoria Company's office for £600. There will most probably be an inquiry into the cause of the fire. The Morning Train from Beechworth. — On Wednesday, our Melbourne corres pondent informs ns by telegram, the Hon- F. Brown and John A. Wallace, M.L.C.'s. and Mr Billson, M.L.A., urged upon the- Railways Commissioners the desirability of altering the time of departure of the .morning train from Beechworth from 6.15 to 5.45, to give passeugers an opportunity of catching the express train to Melbourne at Wangsratta. Consideration . of the matter was promised ! by Mr Speight, and it is to be hoped that he will see his way clear to grant the concession, which will be greatly appreciated by the travelling public. The train, by leaving fifteen, much less, thirty, minutes earlier than at present conld arrive at Wanga ratta before the arrival of the express ; so that no objection as regards time can be urged by the department. Tho only difficulty in the way of making the altera tion that presented itself to Mr Speight when the matter was brought under his notice during the recent visit of the Com missioners to Beechworth, was in regard to the second-class passengers (the express only taking onholdersof first-classticket3); but we feel certain that that objection can be overcome, as no reasonable person would object to waste a quarter of, or' half-an-hourat Wangaratta, as they would have that extra time in which to partake of breakfast at. the refreshment-rooms.- Beechworth No. 1 Fire- brigade.- — The. usual monthly meeting of the above brigade was held on Wednesday evening ; Captain Billson in the chair, and several members being present. The Australian Eleven v Liverpool. — This match was commenced on Monday at Liverpool against the Liverpool club. The latter have selected a strong team, as the telegram statesJ;hat a number of well- known amateurs, including A. G." Steel, are playing, and also professionals, states the " Herald. " In all probability, the eleven will be found to be a little short of a United North of England eleven. On Monday the home team went in first, and scored 213 before they were all disposed of, A. G. Steel being top scorer, with 65. The Australians did fairly well, putting together 103 for the loss of five wickets, Giffen making 36, and being highest scorer. At present the match seems likely to turn out a mo3t interesting one. Tho finish is almost certain to be" very close. . , The Weather.— After a few days of fine weather, with hard frosts at night, rain set in on Wednesday afternoon, and at time of writing was falling in fitful, heavy, showers. ' The Proposed Railway to Moyhu. — Air Hall, M.L.A., accompanied by the Hons. J. A. Wallace and F. Brewn, M.L.C.'s. and Mr 0 . H. Graves, M.L.A., on Wednesday introduced to the Com missioner of Railways a deButation from the Wangaratta aud Moyhu railway league asking for the construction of a line be tween the two places. It was pointed out that the rail way wonld sekve the celebrated Oxley Plains from which 5000 tons of pro duce would bo available for carriages, besides timber, hops, etc. The Moyhu people, who were the most interested, favored the route via Wangaratta over the others, reports the " Herald". Mr Gillies said he would have inquiries made into the matter. The Try Again Company. — Wednes day's " Herald" states The Try Again Company, El Dorado, has Btruck a very fine prospect of gold and black Band (tin ore) in the new shaft on the old Kneebone Company's ground. The shaft is on deeper ground than has been before bot tomed so high up the El Dorado valley, thus showing the later workings of the Kneebone Company were not on true gutter. It ia satisfactory to the Mininr Department to learn the success of the Try Again Company, as it received assistance out of tho Praspeeting Vote. The manager of the company has written asking for the balance duo to them from their share of the Prospecting Vote. He has been in formed that the sum, 516 has been passed to the Treasury- for payment. Important Gold Discovery. —Mr C. Shuter, the warden in charge of the Blackwood division of- the mining district of Ballarat, has furnished the Minister of Mines with a report of what appears to be a highly important discovery of alluvial, gold in his district. He says : — It has been'reported to me that a lease worked by an Italian named Gugliemina, situated at the Green Hills, about two miles south of Blackwood, has proved rich in some places. It is stated by "an eye-witness that as much as an ounce of gold has been obtained from a dish. The washdirt is taken from a sort of rubble reef running along the side of a soft reef which is called 'fluked.' The gold is attached to the stone, as well as heing in the alluvial. It is found in the bed of the creek, and it is diflicnlt to contend with the water. The owner has sunk a shaft 90 feet deep, but could not bottonl on account of the water, and his means have been exhausted. I requested the warden's clerk to furnish me with. a furthes report as to the locality, and I find that the creek mentioned is the Korjam- nunnip, shown on map as being south west of the township iBirked Blackwood.", t/ / Reported Outrreak of Pleuro.— The " North-Eastorn. Ensign" (Beualla) of Tuesday writes : — In consequence of what appeared in eur last issue concerning the appearance ot pleuro-pneumonia among a mob of cattie which arrived here by rail, ctt route for Mansfield, Mr Perry, stock inspector for Beechworth district, arrived in Benalla yesterday morning to investi gate the matter. Mr Perry at once pro ceeded to where the cattle are depastured, some few miles out of the town, for the purpose of making an inspection of the bovines. The officer returned la3t even ing with most reassuring intelligence. As" a result of careful inspection, Mr Perry: reports that he was unable to detect any symptoms of pleuro among the herd. The cattle are in very low condition, con sequent upon hard travelling and scarcitv of feed, but otherwise they are perfectly healthy. Mr Perry is of opinion that ap pearances somewhat akin to pleuro-pneu monia might — and very probably were in the case of those animals killed — be caused by such rough treatment- as that expe rienced by the cattle which fell down and were trampled to death in the railway trucks, as reported by us. Presbyterian Conference. — A large number of leading Presbyterians intend to proceed to Sydney early next month, in order to attend the conference of the various Presbyterian churches in Australia, which will commence its proceedings on Wednesday, the 9th'; July. It is worthy of note, observes the "Telegraph," that the Presbyterian "Church, as a whole, is apparently following in the political line, and is endeavoring to bring about a fede ration of the various branches throughout the Australian colonies. The following deputies have b9en chosen by the assembly to represent Viiitoria : — Clergy : The Moderator, Drs Nish and Macdonald, the Revs. M'Eachr.in, Fraser, M'Vean Hardie, Hastie, Weir, M'Farlane, Steele, Mackie, Turin, Ross, Smith, Rollarid, M 'Donald, M'Cay, Alexander, Henderson, Taylor and Dickie. Laymen : Dr Morri son, Messrs Harper, Balfour, Grrnond, Anderson, Baird, Finlay, Fletcher aud Turnbull. Discovery of a Skeleton. — The police have received information, that the head, less skeleton of a man, who was probably a miner returning from Cohungi, has been seen in a gully near that place. Tho first discoverers state that the small bones of the feot had been burned off, probably by a bushfire, and as they had Hot time to bring the remainder they abstracted the thigh and arm bone of the unfortunate as trophies of their find, and 1 proceeded on their way. A police patrol Das since been sent out to- search for tho remains, but the country around Cobungra is now en tirely under snow, and the quest cannot be made until spring. In connection with this subject, the Chief Commissioner of Police has, we learn from the "Herald," directed the issue of 500 calico placards, describing the methods to be pursued to restors partly frozen persons to life, which will be circulated in the Alpine districts. Australian Meat in Paris. — The experiment tried by Messrs Fraser and Winter of sending frozen mutton to Paris had (the London correspondent of the " Age" states) but very partial success. It lias been proved, however, that inferior mutton can be sold in France more readily than the superior sorts at a price which will leave a profit to the shipper. Mining near Stawell. — Splendid wash, one foot thick, running 17dwts. to the loadj has been struck at Great Western, near Stawell, at a depth of 60 feet, the " Herald" reports. A rush has set in, and there are already 100 men on the ground pegging out claims and sinking. The Experimental Farm:— Mr M. Herdman, manager of the Government Experimental Farm at Carhel, has for warded to the Secretary of Agriculture some very fine samples of various kinds of produce grown at that establishment. These include a quantity of olive berries in different stages of. ripeness. Of this product no less, tbau seventeen varieties are cultivated 'on tlie farms, some of which come to maturity muph sooner than others, the earlier'sorts being, in Mr Herdman's opinion, the best adapted for the soil and climate ..of. the colony, reports the World. , Some remarkably nice samples of dried figs and almouds in the shell are also' forwarded, and both these fruits will compare favorably with the imported ar ticles. Some olive oil- is also sont, and last, but not least, a few bottles of wine both red and whita, of excellent quality All these products, Mr Herdman remarks in in the letter which accompanied the con signment, " can be grown with profit with the natural rainfall in the northern areas or dry districts of Victoria," and without interfering with the general , operations of the farm, while nearly all the work in con nection with them can be done by children. Ho therefore recommends their cultivation to all agriculturists, whose homesteads are so situated as likely to result in a welcome addition to the income ariaing from the growing of wheat and other cereals. The Purchase of Oriental Bank Notes. — There area number of rumors afloat as to the terms upon which the Bank of Australasia is purchasing Oriental Bank notes, and as many persons are interested it is as woll to give the correctinformation, remarksthe "Herald." Anyone having £5 worth of Oriental Bank notes can sell them to the Bank of Australasia, which institution will give 10a in the £, less eight per cent, interest, the interest to be deducted at the time of sale. The Bank of Australasia further undertakes to pay the differences between 10s and whatever dividends are declared whenever the estate is liquidated. A holder of £50 worth of Orieatal notes would thus get £21 cash, and at some future date the balance between 10s in the £ and whatever may become payable as dividends. The Myrtleford Railway Time-table. — Our readers will be pleased to learn that an alteration in the Myrtleford railway time-table is shortly to be effected in the direction asked by the Bright Shire Coun cil a few weeks ago, when Mr Commis sioner Speight and his colleagues visited Myrtleford. Mr Billson, M.L.A., with the promptitude that has marked his public career, informs us ("Alpine Ob server") that he has at length succeeded ia getting the much desired change, and which will come into force on the 1st July prox. The mail train will leave Myrtleford at two p.m., instead of at twenty minutes to six, as at present, an arrangement that will allow of the coach starting from Bright at about 11 a.m. We have not heard whether the alteration will necessitate any change in the running of the coach from Myrtleford to Bright, but have been in formed on good authority that any new arrangement that may be made cannot inconvenience the travelling public, A. _ Peculiar Charge. — A man named .William Maguire was brought up at the Violet Towri Police Court on Tuesday en a charge of polluting land, the property of Margaret Ellis, of Baimattum, on the 20th nit., by sowing it with tares, wild oats,- larkspur and other ' noxious seeds: The Bench, after hearing evidence, which occupied two hours, held that the case was not strong enough to warrant them in sending it to' a jury, and accused was discharged. | 9 _ Trades Marks Prosecutions. — The police having received information that infringements of the Trades Marks Statute wero t iking place in the BsnaJla district reported the matter to the Excise Depart ment, who instructed Mr Roger Egan, excise officer, to proceed thence. The re sult of Mr Egan's visit, on the 18th, 19th and 20th iuat., was that he discovered three persons as Wintoa and one at Samaria selling liquor withont a license. The defendants, who in the four 'cases are women, are to be brought up at the' Be- nalU Police Court on Monday next. Mr D. C. McCarthy O'Leary Ins been retained for the prosecution. Alrury Quarter Sessions. — This court was held on Wednesday ltst, before His Honor Judge Backhouse. Mr Pitcairn prosecuted for the Crown. Joseph Keeling, found guilty of forging and utter ing, was sentenced to three years' hard labor. Henry St. John Scurr was ac- quittedon a charge ofsteali'ngainonoy-order the property of the Postmaster-General. Joseph Batson pleaded guilty to two charges of horsestealing, and to having escaped from the Tumbarumba lock-up. For the former offences he was sentenced to three years hard labor, on each charge, and for the latter to six months; the sentences to bo concurrent. In' the case of Timothy Murphy, charged with larceny as a bailee, at His Honor's direction the jury returned a verdict of acquittal. The court then adjourned. WandilIgong. — The correspondent o' he "Telegraph" at Waudiiigong states : . — A special meeting of the subscribers of the Wandiiigong and "District Horticultu ral Society was held 'in'" thtP Manchester Unity hall, on Saturday nigfit last, to con sider the desirability "bf Having for the future, - agricultural shbws-in connection with the horticultural. ' There was a fair attendance, but the discussion of the ques tion was postponed untilithe annual general meeting of the subscribers, in order that the opinions of the . farmers of the district might he tested as to whether they would use their best endeavors . to make the venture a finaucial success. A special meeting of the miners of Wandiiigong was called for last Saturday night, to be held n the Manchester .Unity hall, to receive and discuss the bye-laws drawn up by the provisional committee, and to elect the committee and officers of the Wandiiigong branch of the Victorian Amalgamated Miners' Association: One or two of the bye-laws were discussed, and slightly changed. The otherswere adopted unani mously, and the election proceeded with. In connection with this branch, an accident indemnity fund has been established, from Which a member, should he meet with a mining accident, "will receive 10s per week for twelve, months, at 5s 6d. per week afterwards, if unable te work. In case of a miner's death through a mining' ucoident his family will receive £10. The Exfort of Mutton from Vic toria. — The curious reverses - of the traffic iu sheep between Victoria and- New South Wales have been exemplified in a rather startling manner by a return which has just been submitted to Mr John Anderson, the general traffic manager of the Victorian railways. It appears from this statement that no fewer than '79,000 sheep have daring the la3t two months been despatched from various stations on the Victorian lines to Sydney. An ex planation may no doubt be found in the circumstances that the colony of New South Wales haB sustained enormous losses in stock through the prolonged drou«ht which prevailed during last summer. But as it had previously been customary for. consignments of sheep, amounting to 40,000 weekly, to be sent from Riveriiia and New South Wales to Melbourne, it seems strange, remarks the " Age," that the tables should have been turned to so surprising an extent. The statement in question does not include the large quan tity of live stock forwarded weekly to Sandhurst and Ballarat, nor does it take into account th3 huge consignments of frozen meat to England which are - regu larly, taking place. This profuse exporta tion can only result in a scarcity of sup plies for the home markets, and consequent, gradual increase in the price gf one of the principal articles of consumption. Alleged Mitedee of an Infant.— A shocking case of alleged murder of an infant by its mother was reported to the authorities en Monday. Constable W. Ryan, whilst on duty at East Melbourne, received a message directing him to call at Dr Singleton's Home, in Islington- street, Collinwood, and proceeding thither at about half-past three o'clock he was shown a dead female child, and wan afterwards told to arrest a young woman named Rosanna Plummer, who was accused of murdering the child. The particulars of the crime, as related to the constable in the woman's presence, were to the effect that she was confined on the 10th inst. of a female child at Portland House, which is situate at the corner of King and Stanley-streets, near the Flagstaff Gardens. She informed Dr Singleton that she was the daughter of a respectable former living at Benalla, and that she had been Beduced there by n youmg man who lives on a farm near her parents' residence. It was stated to the constable that the girl, after recovering from her confinement, feeliqg her shame unsupportable, took tho infant on Mondav to the Spencer-street railway station with the intention of destroying it by placing it on the rails to be killed by some pas sing train, but altering her mind at the station, and being beside herself in a frenzy of passion, she took the baby into a closet where she deliberately smothered or strangled it, and having destroyed its life, placed its body in a carpet bag. With this bag in her hand the woman, not knowing what to do or whither to go, wandered about with a vnmm 'r committing suicide herself, and thus escaping the consequence of her crime, but ultimately finding herself in Colling' wood, without knowing how or by what means she got there, Rhe went, by the direction of some charitable person whom she met in the street, to Dr Singleton's Home, where she obtained ' admittance. Some time afterwards the matron of the home happening to visit her found her in a partly stupefied condition in a bedroom, and on a table near at hand was he carpet bag, open, but empty. ns- pectirig|something wrong from her terrified look, the matron closely questioned the g'ri, who at length tearfully confessed that she had destroyed her child, and pointed to the dead body, which had been thrown under her bed. Horrified by the discovery, the matron at once acquainted Dr Singleton, who immediately sent for the police. The unfortunate girl, who is snout 19 years of age, was arrested, and taken to the city watchhoase, wh6re she was formally charged with, wilful mnrder. Ihe circumstances were then reported ia coroner. The girl was Broughtu'p at the City Court on Tuesday, on a charge ot child murder, and remanded till Friday. Board of Inquiry.— The members of the board of inquiry appointed to tot evidence into the circumstances attending the loss of a registered letter containing £22Q m banknotes haverecommended that v\ m. Mason, sorter in the registration department, who was alleged to be impli cated in tha affair, T be dismissed from the' -3 service, on the ground that he has bee guilty of conduct rendering him unfi; to remain in the employ of the Postal Depart ment. The Postmiater-General has acted upon this recommendation, says the " Argus." The same board has exoner ated Harry J. Howson, formerly post master at Seymour, and latterly telegraph operator at Melbourne, from the charges- ot irregularity upon which he was dis charged from the service, and he has there fore been reinstated. Rutherolen State-school Concert.— As will be seen by our advertising columns a concert, under the patronage of the Board of Advice, is to be held at the Town Hall, Rutherglen, next Tuesday- evening, in aid of the funds to improve the school fences. Last season the Board of Advice provided and planted a number of trees in the school reserve ; but it was found that the present fence was not sufficient to keep the gcats from injuring the newly planted trees. The correspon dent of the board (Mr T. Reeve) wrote to the Education Department, requesting that the fence be made secure, but was informed that no funds' were available for such work. It is to be hoped that suffi cient funds will be raised by the forthcom ing concert to have the work done ; so- that fresh trees may ba planted in the reserve during the preseut season. From the fact that Mr B. J. Smyth, the district singing-master, conducts the concert, there is every reason to anticipate a great musical treat, from the singing of the chil dren and the ladies and gentlemen who have kindly consented to assist. The hon. secretary (Mr L. K. McNab) has been un remitting iu his exertions, so that nothing should be wanted to make the concert successful. The Hop Market. — Wednesday's "Age" reports that hop3 continue active. 18 bales of Gippslaud and Oxley Plains hops sold at auction at 10|d to 104d- At the date of last mail's advices the Con tinental outlook was. as follows : — ' 1 In Germany a favorable change in the weather lia9 occurred, and a report from Nuremberg, dated 10th of May, stites that planters are much delighted at the prospect, the plants showing a greatly im proved appearance under the influence of warmth and sunshine. A steady down pour was, however, required to give fresh stamina te the stocks. Advices from Upper Austria state the cutting of the hop bines is progressing satisfactorily, and that the plants are healthy, though a little backward on account of the late frosts. From Aloss (Belgium) we hear that the plant is rather backward on account of the cold weather of the latter end of April and the beginning of the present month, but that there is nothing else to complain of.- Trade at Nuremberg mar ket is becoming less and less important day by day, and the interest is now centred on the progress being made by the young plants in the producing districts. Among the sales effected towards the clese of the week was that of 200 cwt. of Russian hops, remnants of "the picking of 1882, which were disposed of at from £1 103 to £2 10s. Hallertau and Wurtemberg fetch from £9 4s to £9 19s; prime market hops ia store, £8 18s to £9; middling do. , £8 12s to £8 15s ; inferior do. , £8 10a te £8 12s ; highlying, £9 oa to £9 12s ; Spalt, £9 to £10 10s ; Wolnzach-Auer, £9 10s to £9 los ; Aischgrund, £8 15s to £9 5s ; Posen, £9 to £9 10s ; Alsace, £8 18s to £9 5s ; Upper Austrian, £8 103 to £9 ; Altuiark, £7 15s to £8 5s ; Alosc, £5 to £6. 10s; Russian, £4 to £5 10s ; American, £5 12s, £5 16a to £6 10s and £7." 