Tht BUSH-.FIRES in the- B.UNTMR DISTRICT. -«_ {From the Neiccastle Herald, January 24.) Probably the greatest bush fire known for yoara in the district spreud from the direction of Adamstown towards the A. A. Company's pits shortly before noon on tho 23rd instant. The extent of the conffuirration at first oould not w-ull be ascertained, owing to blinding clouds of smoko and flamo that turned daylight into absolute and impenetrable durknesa. With little or no warning, and assisted by a Btrong wind, a volnmo of fire obtained mastery of the vege- tation on all hands, trees, grans, and shrub burning rapidly to ashes. An alarm was speedily raised at both of .tbe A. A. Co.'s pits, and undor the directions of the manager, Mr. Turnbull, the whistles were set going and kept continually sounding. Gaining full sway along th6 lovel Hats dividing the Globs from Adamstown, tho Haines ran speedily up towards theu&ld; pit, and so imminent was tho danger that signals were sent below, and the men working underground, together with the horses, mudo a hurried escape through the old working« to the shaft of tho Borehole pit, where they were brought to the surface, and got fresh air. A portion of the poppet-heads and other gear at the Glebe shaft-mouth was ignited, but extinguished ; the grass and fences till round burning like a furnace, whilst for fully a quarter of u mile nearer to hand the fire spread rapidly towards ftavenshaw-street Junetion. Here ihe risk of de- struction to many thousands of pounds worth of property and loss of lifo became imminent. Gangs of men-40 or 50 -set to work amid the suffocating fumes of burnt timber, and succeeded in saving the Wesleyan Church, which had ignited ; also, Mr. W. Davies' residence (the stable of which was afire), and' Mr. Thomas Rogers' premises, which were only saved by means of wet blankets after great efforts. The house of Mr. W. Knight, carter, was also damaged, and many exciting risks w-ero incurred. Several sick persone nnd invalids clamoured loudly for help, and were removed bodily to safe quaiters, as they were being literally suffocated, whilst cries for nssistunco on all hands, amid an almost Egyptian darkness, only illuminated by the sparks from tullin!; timber, rendered matters exciting in the extreme. Ouo old resident, Mrs. Phillips, had to bo carried from her bed. The management, fearing danger, emptied the powder magazines' contents into a' tiuck, and hud thom (about 170Ulb. of blusting powder, _o.) taken to a place of safety. Nor was this too soon, as a large skeleton tree, a few yards from tbo magazine, lateron taught fire and blazed furiously. Both ibo engine-houses were slightly fired, and for a timo it appeared as though everything was to bo swept away. The men, however, worked unitedly and gallantly, never relaxing until choked off for a minute or two; aud finally they hud the satisfaction of getting tho danger temp'oranly averted. Stray gangs were on watch all last night in caso of a further outbreak. Tho fire subsequently swept away towards tho Broad Meadows, whence several accidents* aro reported. The country all nround vvas,'during the afternoon aud night, a muss of fire; dense smoko obscuring the horizon on all sides. A denso haze enveloped Newcastle, and clouds of smoko wore driven seaward by tho hot north-west wind which blew all day. Alona: tho coast tor many miles bush fires oro raging, and from Lambton and almost every contre news is arriving of damage done, and property lind llfo endangered. A Charlestown correspondent writes :-" Wo havo been nearly burnt out by a bush tiro to-day ( Wednesday). Pew, if any, houses escaped catching fire; but tho efforts of the people saved all tba principal places. The school caught uro several times, but a few of the active ones of our com- munity climbed up and saved it. The wind has now fallon a good deal, so I think there ia no further danger, except, perhaps, to the school, which is ia the midst of Eotne dead tituber." Later reports from Ch irleatown show that the disaster was much greater than liuigined ¡seven or moro houses are known to bavo been burned down, only tho ohiuinovs remaining in Borne inst mees the llamea BDreid in every duection, smoke rendering it impossible to see what w13 trausp nug. Tho Waratah Coal Couiptnv's Btablea were partittllv burned, while the whola of their valuable and re- cently erected vnduct (costing Beierul thousands ot p muds) has been iltKtiovcd lienideuts were engaged (according to our latest iiiessvngor, who arrived about midnight) in pro- tect uir iheinsolveo and their pioperties nimmst a sea of ino that was burning all arourd, und bending off an almost intolerable heat A woll-kuown Newcastle shipbiokor and meichaut, accompanied by two shipmasters, set out mr a bu"gy ride to Lake Miicquano joaterduy morn- ing After undergoing much risk fioni tolhog ticen and fire between Aduu«toivn and Chuloitown, tbey were forced to letuiu and gallop b ick to avoid suffocntion Blazme: treo trunka blocked the main road in 11 cry direction, aud over boverul of them it vi UM found neces-arj to di ive at full tilt In ono ciso haidh hud a smoking loc' been crossed than a huge Euealiptus tree, full of fire tell crieh behind tho vehicle It mis round impiralivc tol»avo the bi¿h road and iuikou«o ot a bv -truck ¡ ¡though theborsos woreioded, and thoso in tho vellido hilt blinded and Bullocited. Two workmen cmplovid ut Ilillaboiou_h ran a narrow escape, having to ruu soi oral milos hi fore the adianciug (lame. On reaching a pluee of sar« ti, about h ilf an hour elapsed before they properly renamed consciousness- after their race for bte Near Tornano, on Mr, Justice 'Wi_d.ej*er'|_ prorjartr. the fires have dons great dnrdage. All the griss for miles uround baa been burned down. The stables were destroyed und Mr. Windeyer's house and tho Wesleyan Church wera with great difficulty saved. 