' ', ' ! u ''ST. MARY'ß. [ , [FROM OOR'OW'N CORRESPOKDENT.J Bushfire« havo boon raging in this noigh bpijrhood for several 'daysT 'But on Monday, owing to, tho terrifie galo;which swoptover tho district»; they, becaraO. vory serious, and stiivad'vfith,alarming rapidity. Much valu- adlo proporty has boon destroyed. DM olling liótlses! barns, fences, arid ciops havo boon burned down. ' At tbo Island tbo fires raged with tqrriblo fury. Many thoro woro occu- pied for hours on Monday throwing water on j-thoirjhousos to prevent thom catching fire, and bad to leavo .fences and crops to thoir fate, andthoir.ifate'vvas in many cases en- tirely to disappear before tho liory deluge. A fine Hold of barjey.i.boioughig to! Mr. AVard-; ilaw,'wasconij)leteiy'buintup. An old man. namod'f Bryant, .andjiis wifo and threo small children) »na'd<Ho'-'niak& their escapo from their, burning resldonco, with nothing but then'7 clothes-all thoy had in tbo world boing reduced. to ashes. Largo trees wero | falling) Jn»lalDdirections, ona somo very .W|Oiidcr¡ful oscapps,from being killed hythe [MW?J aro reported. Ono mau, lately como from Germany, in making his escapo,-was vory soVoroly'burned. Tho wind was sostropg that'jiriarks woro carried sovcral hundred yard«, In sufficient numbers to ignite any thltigvoh-whlcli)thoy'chanced to fall. Cattle .in ibmij instances havo disappeared, and no doubt tiley,arc buried beneath tho fallen troca.; 'Crops'ln many places havo been much injured by largo treos falling into tho .pad- docks, i Tho damngo <lono connot-bo easily estimated at presont, but thoro is no doubt that it will bo tho work of years to repair it i"Pago'a stables', which aro about lialf-a-milo distant! from tho township, had a very uarrow.oscopo, and, but for tho piaisovioitliy exertions' of a number of mon from the town- ship', tlioy would havö bcOn reduced to ashes. On Monday afternoon a large decayod treo ncar"tno AVosloyan1 Church, carno down with a torriblo crash. Fortunately no person was nour it at tho timo, or fatal consequences might havo onsued. There aro somo moro still' standing which aro vory dangorouB, especially when thoro is a Btrong gale, i On Monday night St Patrick's Head was onveloped in Carnes and presented somowhat tho appearance of an active volcano. (, _ ' A very "smart shower fell on Tuosday aftor 'noou, which had tho very bonoficial elfoot of extinguishing tho uro, and so provonting fufthor¡damago. \- January 17. ' 