I D18TKICT NEW to fiFBOM OUtt VABIOUS COBBBSPONUENrS.J jj - _. y PATERSON. CiiniSTMAS GIFTS-No doubt majy have been the gift» given and received during tlu just £*>w diiya, and a bentftcent Providence hug ulsobeena pioini iient giver in the shape of some beaitiiul (¡howers, which tell laef Monday night and tb following day Thesa exceedingly welcome giftB lave greatly re- freshed tbe famishing country a,d joung crops general!}. Some light showers hive tallen sines, but it is now fine again. More ran ia much needed, especially to enable farmers to plant lita crops of maize Pas'ure 1 inda are also sad/y in ived of more moisture, nud the river is becoming impute and badly needs a I resin ¡SCHOOL OF ABT9,-We would reminl members of our School of Ans that the adjouriiedhalf-yeaily meeting of members for the usual buaueas is to be held i ext lhursday evening The offlsirs at this meeting will be elected for the ensuing twd»e months m accordance with the new rule recently made, hence tho'e who would like to have the« " finger in the pit)" tor the next twelvemonths woulJdo well to be present. BOXING DAY -This, as fur as weather was con- cerned, waa an ideal day tere tor holidnj keepere, which, we think, included most people. The races and ball attracted a number of visitors from Maitland and the surrounding districts, and these amu-i ments appear to have pissed off rather more quia ly than usual without my very note worthy event or mishap, One or tvo accidents, we ure informed, occurred during thyra ces, but with not verv si nous results ÄPPBKCiATlVit AND ABTISTIC - We have been recently shown a beuulifuily lliucinated und taste- fully panned address, presentee lately to A. S Browne, Esq, J.P., of Mount Vinent, by the Muscle brook Go >d Templar Lodge, in ecognition of Mr Browne's efforts aBlW.M undGeieralDistrictOfficer in the establishment of that Iod,o. The addresB is very feelingly worded, and mut be rery cratifying to Mr. Browne, snowing, as itjoes, that his labours i re highly appreciated. The'ddress is neatly en- grossed and surrounded by etistic floral and em- blematic illumiustions, which s the work of Mr. C. S. Fielding, of Muswellbrook and we think wonld be a credit to any artist. IA. Fielding we are in- formed, is only s beginner, arl we certainly congra tul »te him upim his nbility li this charming ort BUSH PIBES- Last weeks hot winds had their usual Accompaniment of àusb. fires and smoke Several bushfire« wera rflgflg in different quarter« uround here, and n greal deni of valuable grasB destroyed, but we have r>t heard of any further damage heme done. Paterson, 29th Decembi, 1883. 