I 'NEWASOUTHWWAILES. (, o ( u SPECIAL COuEREODETS.) *'" SYinEt; Feb. 17. -. Bishop Barry intends. to lecture in the Cath'ddai} during Holy, week:.i ,ar riieindieimet have bedn mide for his"'roibp tlon.' H6''is'.peeted"td'Thaid abot' the Th% nmais of'. Salway who mys teriously. disappeared., from Bermagui somewdi stks' -go; have jbeen discovered; only the skull bones were remaining.,;" Edward Hanlan,'tlie Canadian oarsman, when. the mail left :San ,Francisco,rsaid 'that h1 proposed sailing for `Aucklanidd on the 15thof ,February..,, ,,' Monsignor Lynch, one of the oldest dignitaries of the Catholio Church ?i -this dolofiy, died to-day at an advanced ago. Special, prayers for rain were offered in the churches t'da?y.n' ' The journe0ymen, coopers' strike is?estill unsettled. Several of the men have left for Melbourne under engagement. ; Thil' itbreak of'thescabdisdease in sheep at Lomax's Errowang Bung Station,, Car coar, has caused griat eiidteiment ai~ongst the "stoek owners in that "district. The niumbe'r of infected sheep are 116 rains, aid 79;J'we',.' hich were 'importe'dfroi 'Tas mania; 'in'ugust: :The Errowdig Bjig Station has been plaoed under stridt quaran tine, and the.: sheep were 'dippjed on Wed niesday, under the superintendence 'of the 'Governmiient Inspectr,; in a'strong solution of tobacco aid' sulphur water, which proved so, effective' in stamping out the "disealo soi~ie'years' agoE. Every precaution has jbeen`tk ,n t9;.previent the spread of the in 'fectioii.' .. Mr. Solomon, the co-respondent in the late reindikable divorce d se of Howitz v. H0opit, has obtisiried a rul&'foi a iie~itrial oi-the ground that he was' not'alloWid'to 'irerise "tle' 'right of '"hiall' igini4'`tlie jury. •Dr.' Badhani` Professor of Classicist'thi University, is dangerously'ill; and't~ihrie i 'little hdop if his recovery. A bush-fire of coinsiderabid nniainitCid broke' out at Blaiey 6on' Saturday, which caused :inuch'hdestdtcion 'to thd gra-e asid The hip Stirlingshire arrived frombdi s thirty 'deaths fr?A 'measlis'bn thed voyage, and the vessel.ie,now in quarantine.. Mr. Dever',' a' schbolinaster of the Catholic School at Newcastle, was 'found dead in? the .school-rom, 'It i.' believed that the deceased was suffering. fro i'heiar disea's. One of his' eyes was'lisshignadd partoi the flesh of. the face was eaten awayb And it'is supposed to have been done 