FIRE AT LONG'S PLAINS. An enquiry into the cause "of the destruc tive fire which occurred at Long's Plains on Wednesday, February 13, was held by Mr. G. Marshman on Saturday, February 16. A number of farmers lost considerably by the fire, harvested wheat and hay being princi pally consumed. John Barondo, farmer, stated at the inquest that he saw the fire coming in a north-westerly direction from Mr. Andrew Barr's place. He was of opinion that the Bushfires' Act had not been com plied with by those persons who caused the fire. He lost property to the amount of £1C0. Daniel Kennedy, farmer, said he was in town at the time of the fire, but returned home through a report he saw in the Adver tiser. Everything on his land was burnt ex. cept the house. He lost about forty tons of hay, stables, sheds, pigstye, barn, yard, ninety-one bags of wheat, seedsower, harness, &c.; Know nothing as to the origin of the fire excepting what appeared in the paper. Was not insured, and set his loss down at £300. Thomas Kennedy, farmer, said Mr. Barr in formed him he was going to burn scrub on the 19th inst., and gave witness notice of his intention. The fire was not started till the following Wednesday, Two of Mr. Barr's men, Ferguson and Ladd, came about 9.30 a.m. on Wednesday to tell witness they had started the fire under orders from their master. The wind wa3 blowing very strongly from the north- west. Witness had lost about £S0 worth of property. Believed the bush fires regulations were not complied with. In answer to Mr. Barr, witness stated that he did not tell Richard Ferguson on Wednesday morning that he would do Mr. Barr all the injury that layin hispower. Never promised to plough a chain wide to protect his pro perty. Did not state that the place where the fire was started was sufficiently cleared. Kennedy also said he had only received a verbal notice from Mr. Barr, and that on the Tuesday before the fire he did not consider the ground sufficiently cleared. Edward Bell, farm laborer, deposed that he was working for Mr. Barr. Told Ferguson and Ladd to burn the scrub, as be considered it a favor able day for that purpose. Nobody autho rised him to tell the men, and he did not usually take the responsibility of ordering the men to burn scrub. Gave the order, as Mr. Barr was ill. Helped to clear the land of all underwood that would ignite, and also of the kangaroo grass. On Tuesday Mr. Barr said witness wa3 on no account to start the fire that day unless he (Mr. Barr) attendc-d to the clearing. Considered he had cleared enough space, and thought Mr. T. Kennedy had cleared his stubble. Told the master that Mr. T. Kennedy had arr inged to clear one chain wide of stubble. He would swear that the fire which was lit on Tuesday did not spread to where the fire wa3 on Wed nesday. The scrub was lit on the north-east corner, and there were also two menhurningon the south. Know nothing about the Bush Fires Act. Had no reason to believe that Mr. T. Kennedy bore Mr. Barr any ill feeling. Joseph Ladd, farm laborer, said he remembered Mr. Barr telling Mr. Ball that on no account was the fire to be lit. Mr. Bell told the men to light the fire, and he thought it was by the master's orders that this was done. Would not have set the scrub on fire had he known that Mr. Kennedy had net: ploughed his land as agreed. Richard Ferguson, farm laborer, [said Mr. Bell gave orders about the burning. Assisted to make things clear. Knew nothing about the Bash Fires Act. Mr. Kennedy told witness on Tuesday morning that he was going to plough around his land. Another laborer in Mr. Barr's employ, named James Pritchard, ako deposed as to receiving orders from Mr. Bell, and to clearing the scrub previous to starting the fire. Andrew Barr, farmer, of Wild Horse Plains, stated that he was in bed till about 10 30 a.m. on the 13th inst. on account of illness. Told Mr. Bell on Tues day to clear the scrub preparatory to setting it alight, but on no account to do so unless witness was present. Witness sometimes gave Bell orders to convey to the men, but he bad no mere responsibility than the others. Mr. T. Kennedy promised to rake suffi :i-nc precaution to prevent the tjn-.-ai of ri>« on to his iai.d. The jury reruroed intbt lowing verdict That- E'-v«rd B h, Joseph Ladd, Richard Fr-vgssno, J:\n Pritchard, Thomas Haulon, John S mniei-wri. and Michael Connors are the ni<-u whom the fire ojigiaated by --vhi-ju she suf ferers lost their property, and sha*. they uJ it in direct opposition to their master's or-lors ard through non-compliance with the B isb Fires Act." The following rider was n - tached :—"That it is necessity that more care should be taken in future by people burning either scrub or stubble in order to save their neighbor's property; and further, that Edward Bell is deserving of severe cen sure for acting in this matter without his master's orders." 