Terrible Bushflres near Singleton MILES OF COUNTRY ABLA:ZE, TEL?URAMBs for sobmo days past havo notified an alarming outbreak of bushfires around the Singleton district. Thu Sinqlote .Argus of Wednesday last stated thabt tho flames had extended to the Pinnaclo, about four miles from the local Court House (and the resideneoo of Mr. Walter A. M D)ougall), OCunneen's estates, Glonniu's Croolk, ])Dulwich, Camuborwevll, levouseworth, and lHamblodon Hill. At the latter plaoo Mr. Pearco suffered groat losses ; a sound four railed fence boeing deostroyed, and tlce grass burnt to ashes. What little food had been left by previous Boorching weather, had all around been almosb totally burnt up. Mr. T, A. ACunneon lost botwveeoon thirtoeen and fourteen miles of valuable foncing-in fact overything was alonearold off les estate except his house, At Stoney Crool?k, ,Mrs. Atklnsoe lost everything; only her house remlnain ing, Messers. Edward Aloeoln, (near Jinx Troee) alid Edwardl Drake (of the Model Farm, " Oak iPark," near Camnborwevll) and dozens of otlier settlers, were greot sufferers, Fromc a private lotter reeooolved in Newcastlo yesterday, we since learn that the above report, far frome being oxag gerated, camce short of deoploeting tile groat extent of the doveastaton. At tihe time of I our corraspodoaet's writing the whole country between "The Plnnaole" and Mr. Georgo Lodeor'sa well klnown St. Clair Station, nnear toorncgool, a distance of over twonty mlles, was in a mais of fimce, burning everything that came before it. Volumes of smoke, sparks, and fire filled the atmosphere in every direction, obscur ing the horizon, and surging over flats, ridges, and gullies, like a molten stream. carrying everything before it, like chaff before the wind. Huge dried trees fell crackling in every conceivable direction, scattering myriads of sparks and adding constant fuel to the unquenchable flame. Fences, crops, grass, fruit-trees,-in fact almost everything-settled down into burning embers as if by magic; leaving nothiug but a black waste of char coal for miles around; kangaroos, wallabies, opossums, snakes, and all sorts of vermin taking refuge wherever shelter afforded. Many instances of narrow escapes are recorded. The outbreak is said to have commenced at Mr. McDougal's estate, "The Pinnacle," last Sunday, and to have originated through a spark falling from nthe funnelof a passinglocomotive. The ntire holding, several hundred acres of good grass, on which a large number of stock depended, was speedily destroyed. Flames ran up a bill to ihe homestead, and enveloped it to such an extent that all hopPes were given up and preparations made to fly for safety with:zMrs. MIDl)ougal and family in a cart (thle only vehicle available at the moment), when a neighbour, Mr. Grainger., and others arrived, and by means of wet blankets destruction was. s'aved off. The fire then cauh~b the escarpment of an adjacent hill, and made elean traccks completely over the country, wideuing for miles as it went:.' Ravensworth Estate paddocks had, at latest accounts, just caught; and as they consist of over 60,000 or 80,000 acres of open grass land, it; is hard to say where thedanger will be arrested. Wages men have been readily employed to watch. homesteads day and nigtt. Box Tree selection is reported burned ou ; and York's Creek is scorched dry; so that cattle, unlcss at once moved, must perish by thousands. -Altogether the picture is one of extreme devastation; a calamity of su h extentnot having occurred in the distrioc for over a generation, . 