From the metropolis. (From our own correspondent.) Adelaide, 'Norember 12. j It is not creditable to the police that the body of men-shaped brutes, who have joined in conspiracy against the proprie tors of the timber yards in city and suburbs, have not only not been appre hended but have not been deterred from the execution of their fiendish plots. It cannot now be doubted that the conflagra tions which have occurred at Cowell's, Ralsford's, King's, Ehmcke's and lastly at Hack's timber-yards have all been wilfully caused; and it is not improbable that they all owe their origin to the same ruffian or body of ruffians. It may be very comforting to Superintendent Peters wald to look upon these incendiarisms as epidemic-as he professes to do in his last report-but even if this is his theory re garding them he should show the public that he is taking vigorous means to pre vent the epidemic from spreading. The incapacity of the police will at last result in the refusal of insurance offices to effect risk? on timber-yards, for not only is there the risk of combustion under the ordinary circumstances; but "there is likewise an apparent immunity to punish ment to the wretches who are mean and wicked enough to wilfully fire the stock. You have a special interest in this fire, because the joiners' work of the already long-delayed post and telegraph station at Narracoorte was destroyed during its progress, and therefore a still further postponement of the completion of that building is inevitable. But even apart from this local grievance I feel sure you will join with me in sympathy for the now ruined proprietor of the timber yard; and in detestation of the scoundrels who caused the fire. A more patriotic and at the same time a more unfortunate family than that o? the Hacks it would be impossible to dis cover. Mr. J. B. Hack, the father of the family, was one of the pioneers of South Australia, and although be lost thousands of his pounds in his endeavor to advance its interests and his own- he at last accom plished much developmental work by which his successors have profited. Mr. Theodore Hack bought the timber yard which has now been destroyed from the semi-insolvent estate of Mr. Robin about ten years ago. He worked very hard in order to make it a commercial success, and until the last few years he was the proprietor of an extensive and flourishing business. Latterly however the commer cial depression which has brought BO many great houses to the earth, caused disaster to him also and a few months ago the firm of Robin and Hack had to assign their estate. Mr. Hack, whose integrity, honesty of purpose and business capacity are widely known, was able to make arrangements to purchase the business from the trustees and to make another attempt to build up a flourishing industry but, just at the outset of his struggle, has come this most disastrous fire which has inflicted a loss of £20,000, only £14,000 of which is covered by insurance. Even if his financial position were unusually sound the deduction of £6,000 from his available capital would be severely felt; as it is, who can fail to read what it means ? There is, apart- from this real and tangible loss, the bitter wounds which the suspicions ,A iiriioranfc or cynical men will inflict upon him. It is sure to be thought by some that the fire was not altogether unexpected, and that its result will be a financial benefit. I know not a case in which such an insinuation would be more cruel, more unjust, or more groundless. Mr. Hack and his family have often been unfortunate; they have never been dishonest. The public esti mation of Mr Theodore Hack's character may be found in the facts that all the elective offices which were rendered vacant by his recent financial troubles were re-filled by hie re-appointment to them, and that he still sits as Mayor of the Semaphore, and as a member of the Central Road Board. Some time ago I suggested that capital punishment should be specially accorded t.o the crime of arson, and I would not think it hasty or unreasonable if, during the present session of Parliament, a short Act was passed with that object. Whether this be done or not I think the Insur ance Companies, the Government, all yet uninjnred timber-yard proprietors and the general public should combine to sub scribe and offer a very liberal reward for the conviction of the fiendish curs, who are responsible for the damage to property and ruin of prospects involved in their disastrous conflagrations. It is a wonder to me that no steps have been taken in this direction in the past; it will be Scan dalous if no special efforts are made in the future. The breaking-np of the gang and the imprisonment of its chiefs would save thousands of pounds, and would restore the prestige of our police force. Might not a tempting reward of £1,000 be held forth profitably as a temptation to the cupidity of confederates % More than twenty thousand pounds vanished ifi smoke last night; what security is there that another twenty thousands will not take flight to--morrow night ? It is very bard to suegest a motive for this destruction of tim ber yards. It cannot encourage local industry, because it involves the re moval of vast quantities of raw material, which cannot be produced in the colon3T. It cannot work any benefit to the clamor ing hordes of " Unemployed," because it results in numbers of additional hands being thrown adrift to swell the army. The only possible benefit that can accrue moat be to some large holder of timber, who, in the present depressed condition of the building trade, cannot quit his stock, yet one cannot readily believe that these fires are caused at the instigation of rival timber merchants. _ ^ ^ The recent animadversions on the police in connection with the inability to effect the capture of the incendiaries implicated in the many fires which have recently been ruining individuals and crippling insurance companies suggests another cause of complaint {against them. |It has become too much their habit of late to shirk the responsibility of conducting such informations for misconduct as they, in the course of their duty, have to lay against the perpetrators of trivial offences, j If a man allows a cow to stray in the streets he is prepared to pay the usual fine of Is and costs "but he is rather stag gered when £L Is or £2 2s for an attor ney's fee is included in those costs. Recently a case came under my know ledge which illustrates what I mean. Two youths, both under sixteen, were charged with contravening the Bushfire Act. As the trooper rose to conduct the case a barrister-who for some months honoAd Mount Gambier. with his luminons pre sence-caught the policeman's sleeve, and said " you might as well let me take these oases." The trooper assented, the infor mation was called o,n, and the barrister mentioned that he appeared for- the Crown. The fathers of both boys pleaded guilty, and as it was only a simple infraction of the Act both wexe fined in the lowest penalty, but, this mercy was more thau counterbalanced by the fact that L2 2s attorney's fee was allowed in each case. Then again the other day a publican was Charged with keeping his house open after 11 o'clock ai night. The prosecuting trooper had ample evidence to prove bis case, but he also being lazy, indulged himself in the luxury of counsel,- and the suffering boniface had to "pay more in costs than in fines. It is rather unfair that by the irresponsible action of. the police trooper the maximum punishment provided by an Act should be exceeded by the costs connected with the con vie-, tion. Mounted Constables are required to have a thorough knowledge of the Police Act, and they should be forbidden -except in exceptional cases-to have recourse to legal aid in the conduct of prosecutions under its provisions. I should be glad if you would give pro minence to this objection as the t>vil is rapidly increasing, especially in the. country districts, often bec&uss; the bar descends to deliberate touting for "busi ness. ' I notice that the "Fat Man " has a paragraph referring to the late Mr.. Wm. McMinn, of Adelaide, in last Saturday's issue of the Border Watch. He therein expresses, himself as doubtful where Mr. McMinn, who was one of the most accom- plished architects in the city, received his education. Will he permit me to tell him on the authority of the deceased gentleman himself, who was a particular friend of mine, that he was a pupil of Mr. McGeorge, of Adelaide. Mr. McMinn did good service for the country in connection with the overland telegraph service, and he and Mr. Jeff Stow, of whom I wrote re- cently, were two of the crew of the Forlorn Hope, which was navigated from Port Darwin round the western coast of Australia. He was a brother to G. R. McMinn, S.M., late Acting-Government-. Resident of the Northern Territory, and of Mr. Joseph McMinn, late of your town. Mr. McMinn was architect of the Adelaide University, and while in the Public Works Department he designed the Post Office. Mr. Charles A. Hornabrook, who is now pursuing his artistic studies at home with great success, received all his preliminary training from Mr. McMinn. That Mr. Thow is largely popular with the officers and men in the Locomotive Engineer's Department was proved on Saturday last. The men were busy in the enjoyment of their annual picnic, the scene being near one of the tunnels on the Nairne line. Mr. Thow and his wife appeared on the ground during the after noon and they were repeatedly. cheered and subsequently their healths were pro posed in an especially eulogistic speech and were drunk with exuberant enthus iasm. Great stress was laid by the chair man on the fact that, whatever Mr. Robert Charles Patterson might think, he and his fellow-workmen had the utmost faith in Mr. Thow's honor and veracity. Mr. Roberts, who is temporarily doing Mr. Thow's duty, joined in the testimony to his ability, public-spiritedness, and love of truth and justice. The report of this reception must be very galling to the co-conspirators Playford, Patterson, Mais and Pendleton. Will the Commissioner, with his characteristic magnanimity, dis miss the whole Locomotive Engineer's Department for the part it took in this demonstration? It would be very, very like him. It is feared that unless the Assembly before the prorogation of Saturday next speaks out definitely on the subject, the Board which is to try Mr. Thow's case will fee made up of the nominees of Messrs. Patterson and PJayford, whose antagonism to the Locomotive Engineer is proverbial. The three judges of the Supreme Court -if at liberty-would be a good jury: but a Board composed of prominent and capable railway officials from Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland w.mld be a better, for they would be able t<» put the right value on the evidence tendered. The Adelaide Club influence is being exerted in favor of j Patterson, Mais and Pendleton, and it is ? very powerful even with the judges. It wcaild have little influence with practical, men from the adjacent colonies. Mr. Caldwell tells me he will carry his motion in favor of the encouragement of local industry; your Railway Bill will also be safely piloted through, and in all probability the Silverton Railway will j come near passing. Mr. Caldwell tells me that the Port Augusta and Phillip's Ponds Railway would have opened up a lot of country and would have assisted in its settlement by farmers. This, perhaps, is the reason why some squatters opposed it. I thought it was purely a squatters' railway. I am glad the Payment of Mem bers Bill and the measure for abolishing grants-in-aid to District Councils were thrown out. As I expected, the Council' were afraid to throw out the Taxation Bill. It was amusing to witness the con version which office has wrought in the Hon. R. C. Baker as regards this subject. 