New South Wales Stock Report. .. ? DKNHjIQuUT, Fnday Evening. n.iRh-fires have raged in fee neigabournooa or ' rm-foi VliTrin? the past week; and about 10,000 acres 'SSfi &oyi; besides a quantity of jStural machinery, bay, and other stock. For- -agncuitu"" cheep were got out of danger by the men J? fire nad again broken ont, but no effect that fee to haod The grass in iurther informa ere(j n(j parched by fee increasing fljjanyptocesiflwi nrevailed during the week, and beat .J/Sributed & fee danger of feishss iaW g' Xays imminent at this bush-flres whim_ 13 . cood fall of rain is badly period of feeyyar. 6ry -forge amount of good ; ted, and would do is yet a l,utfeereisnoimmetoteJJe dam8 reiuir tuents foranother monfeoivaix 1 . stock crossed at fee "Daniliquinr Bridge during- the:l week 1,248 sheep (Ml tyre's)going to detfiderie £ a 25' db<Dillon's), to Melbourne ; 10 cattle (Dillon's), to I Melbourne ; and, S,fi<W., 4rqm Tehe)ry , to fee | same, destination., . "NTexft "week: Ittfessrs. 'Br&ira; ToMpson, and IkiVidsbn will ' send two trucks rsf flhp (Groggery1 a) fe Messra. i Powers, Bqtherford, i andXUo.; Messrs. Jain Mfnn aad&). \rii forjvard '4 1,700 sheep Turner, Jonea, and ' Co.) "to' Messrs. 1 Epterahank, Eagleatone, ahttMahh ® -Mir. Wooldridge 'i will send une tfuck of- sheep (Vahdermaal'a) to doorge 1 Howat ; and Measrs. M'Kppie Profeets will forward ;j jfrpm: Eohuoafereartru< pf fat .feeep, irpm Moira, ;J M> lowers, fiutheiriord, and Co. 'Eirftmng 'in thed shApe of pasture at 'FOrbes te parohbd sbtdidry. Tanks fj anti'darns aire beebinihgiethBAisted, andthe.amieot of;! laflairs is s|fious.r The : erofigings for , fee., week Been ..as follow :-47ul?ullook8 and, oows' fro'm 'New 1 Piurk to Oraiige/ W. Jroiffer bwhr;fe'' cS&eV; 8,000' I Shefep from Cooar to: Mossvale/ Hon.v Johni Lackey1 j owrter, John Harrey ; in, charge ; 4,000 aheep fropa I Yafbtree jto Gunningblaqd, Hprslej- owner,. I James Warden . in chargeiJ.,300 fat snetp from j Qunnrngbteind to jdney, Borsley -and 'Seaborn Jj oniers, Charles Colemah in charge. Another dry. | week is. reported from Mudgee, and .the dry scorching I weather which has now prevailed for the past " month I orsixweekshas told its taleottthe paddocks near to Wn . J- They are literally 'bare -offeed, especially on"<the flats, I but In fee higher grounds there,: is still-, a good j spring of stronggraas- At Wilcannia fee ".weather I. has been a little milder recently than it was previous J- to fee new year. No rain has fallen, and the ad ja- j cent pastures continue in a wretched condition. The I stock routes are impassable, and what few cattle are travelling are merely subsisting on their own fat; i Bain is badly wanted. A continuedjlrought, if only | for another month, means disastrous consequences; I and it is to be hoped that a good downpour will be | experienced within the next week or two. The | Talyales cattle have passed Tonga. During the past I week at Dubbo the weather has been hotter than at | any time during the year. The country is beginning ! to look wretched. The feed is withering up rapidly; 1 and unless rain comes soon there will be neither j feed nor water on the back areas. _ At Bourke 1 the weather is cooler, but the anxiously- j expected rain has not yet come. The hot winds J are burning up what little grass has been left, and 1 are also causing the water in the tanks to evaporate j with remarkable rapidity. Stock are dying still in I siderable numbers, and owners are helpless to pre- j vent fee casualties. - The following are the passings:: j — 6,318 ewes and 116. rams from Mooki to Brin- I dingabbe, Messrs Christian and Co., owners ; 7,000 J wethers from Tinapagee to Bechal, G. R. Feehah j owner. At Eusfcon there is. very little grass, and rain ; I is -badly wanted. . . The following are the Wahguuyah j jassings Fifty horses from Roto station, belonging I so "Evan Evans, ' travelling to "Whitfield, Henry ij Dining in charge ; 8 fat cattle from Broklesby, be- I longing to A. M'Nab, trucked for Melbourne, con- J ; signed to J. G. Dougharty. At Tocumwal fee- j foUowing stock crossed on Saturday last: — 600 fat. j wethers from Belubly station crossed the punt, to be: j trucked at Numurkeih -on Monday ; Messrs. Fisken j and . Gibson, agents. The only passings during fee week at Narandera were 3,000 ewes, going from Benduck to Hay. At Wagga the weather is ex tremely dry, and - stock"" movements ; jare entirely suspended. Bush-flres are prevalent .-in the district, 1 but they have generally been got under before any 1 material injury. Was done. "At- Hay fee"' weather 'is temperate. The district ?is fairly off for:' grass and Water ; but f urther. north % most distressing state of things exists. Thousands,,, of sheep, are reported |o be dying, and drovers In some instances are reported as leavihg their flocks through their Inability Id. travel thenS. The " following stock have crossed at Hay since the new year ;—000 store cattle (Tyson's) j acinar to Elmore. -Victoria ; K&venagh; in charge. — ". Pastoral Times.' 