MUCH eniJinnasm was displayed in (be Protestant Hall, Melbourne, on Monday evening, when a gold watch and chain, and addresses, were presented to the Hon. J. B. PATTERSON, ANIL gold earrings and a gold brooch to Mrs PAT-TERSON, the compliment being paid for two reaeonE—one that Mr and Mis PATTERSON are about to start on a short trip to Europe, and the other that Mr PATTEBSOK took op a very prominent position ia tbe Legislative Assembly when the infamous GEATTAN address came before that House for treatment.' The speech of tbe evening was, logically ennugh, Mr PATTERSON'S; and he delivered some of those home thrusts which are invariably found among bis well-thought out, AVID vigorously delivered, orations. He severely denounced the schism, and the dis loyalty, which the leaders of a certain section of this community have endeavored to produce in this land, and was splendidly satirical upon those speakers of the 'WALSEE and REDMOND type who work themselves up into such a frenzied condition by dwelling upon wroDgs of the past, for which, reasonably, the present race can no more be held responsible than it would be fair to denounce the present Pope for the butcherieB committed by the Spanish and Netherlands Inquisitions, or for the vices and crimeB of some of his predecessors ia the Papal office. " To seek revenge for suppoBpd wrongs committed centuries gone by," said Mr PATTERSON, was only "suitable amneement for a race of Rip Van Winkles;" and only the logic Bbown by some Hibernian speakers and writers, will clash with this very truthful and forcible thesis. Amongst us," said Mr PATTERSON, there is a section sulking in gloomy espondency, unable to understand our esire to live in harmony with ali lasses, and to deal justly, liberally, nd in a charitable spirit with all men unable to appreciate the splendor nd grandeur of our institutions—and have no hope—seeing the onragement which rebels receive n the old country—that there will e any speedy improvement on the art of those whom I need not ame, whose claims increase &B each demand is granted." Without entirely m tubing the pessimistic view contained in tbe latter part of this phrase, there q s a great deal of force in Mr PATTERi SON'S remark, for it is a fact—and a pitiful fact it is—that discontent with i the British connection prevails here o among the persons to whom MR PAT-TERSON referred; and no one can call to a mind the cordiality 'with which the WALSHES and *he REDMONDS have been rncftived here without endorsing Mr PATTERSON'S diagnosis. Mr PAT-TERSON denounced all disloyalty to tbe British Throne wherever exhibited, or by whomsoever Bhown, and closed an excellent speech by the following pertinent remark:—"It is onr duty at all times to avoid an aggressive attitude, but we would not be entitled to the honored name of loyalists if we did not enter our most serious protest whenevpr the cloven hoof is displayed, although I trust the occasion for active interference, and .repression of a similar kind (i.e„ the GRATTAN address) will never again arise in tbe history of thiB colony." Now, emons gome of a certain sect, and by weak-kneed Protestants, the cry will arise that the gathering in the Protestant Hall, and the epeeclies made there, were all designed to arouse pec tartan disturbance and distrust, and that' Mr PATTERSON lent himself to this object Of course this cty will be untrue, as the gathering was no more or less than a compliment paid -to Mr PATTERSON for tbe stand he took in the Assembly against one of the most disgraceful addresses ever'penned by a pack of' disloyal fanatics, or outside of a lunatic asylum. But supposing tie gathering had meant somsthine else, it is not for disloyal OeltR, or sycophantic Protestants, to complain ; forjoyal people, and firm Protestants, are only, in all matters of this kind, acting on the defensive. It is the other nde vvhicb creates (he schism in the land, by combining to upset Ministries, because the majority wilt not yield to its wishes, because the qujority will not do what the minorify wants, and BO allow to be brought abouthere rnle by the minority instead of rate hf the majority. It is tbe otber dde whwi -aittai&s the Edocafitm Act, which encourages tin WALSHEB AND REDMONDS fo wony the Imperial . Government without any tangible ground, which rewards those who agitate ^ with W jbope _ of ultimately _ ^codSnglreaBQnfeble eods, and which j (.nine 4t>' W n fllim-Siflt: l»nn%lni« . „ . , America.^Hdh finflB- vMitiritriinEin^^fa g f f p t b t t g and in other works, not of civilised man, but of the Devil. Surely honest men, loyal men, and considerate men, could not be better employed than in persistently opposing all these aggressions, all these wrongs, and all this diabolical plotting; so that if those who attended in the Protestant Hall on Monday last, and those who think with them, were, acting on the offensive, they would only be doing what is perfectly right and defensible. Bat, as a matter of fact, the case is juBt the other way. Loyal Victorians 6imply re- Bistencroacbme&ts attempted to be made by some of a certain sect, aided and abetted by ignorant, or selfish, Protestants, set their faces dead against all disloyalty to the British Crown, and punish, by political ostracism, those who have Fenian proclivities, those who support the cry for Heme Role for Ireland, knowing that it is but tb« stepping stone to throw off the English unioD, and .those who are so simpleminded, or vicious, as to support the WALSHES and REDMONDS in all their ridiculous speeches, and hostile ends; and : of all Victorian colonists those who do their utmost to circumvent these schemes are the best, the most deserving, the most Gseful, and the wisest. There is a very simple way, however, to close even these assumed designs to create sectarian differences amongst' us. Let the dissatisfied Romanists and disloyal Celts give up the error of their ways, abide by the laws of the majority, as those laws are fur and just to all, cease attempting to create Ministerial crises when opportunity serves solely to encompass their own endB, leave off raising any more Irish ghosts, or imaginary grievances, and join therftnbs of the Victorian people loyal to the British throne, and all semblance of opposition to them will cease. Then they will find the most cordial feeling towards them arise, for the necessity for any other sentiment prevailing will utterly vanish. Supposing, then, Monday's gathering in the Protestant Hall did mean what some of a certain sect, and weak-minded Protestants, will say, no one could reasonably or justly complain, seeing that it would only then be one means of defence against systematic aggression, and continuous disturbance, from the disloyal, or factious, Bide. But in sober truth it was nothing of the sort. The Protestant Hall gathering of Monday last was simply a compliment paid to a parliamentary "representative who had denounced an exceedingly disloyal address; and encomiums, addresses, and more intrinsically valuable gifts, could not have been put to a better end, or to a more meritorious purpose. THE turn in the tide which appeared to have set in during the year 1881 on our goldfields has not lasted long.. The flow was met with a strong ebb, and the result was that this colony got into rather low water during the year which has just expired. In the year 1881, the yield of gold from the Victorian mines rose to 886,416 oz, which was considerably in excess of the yield of 1879, when it was only 718,208 oz. In 1882 there was a decline, but it was only small, not exceeding 6935 oz, and the activity which at the close of that year pervaded mining led to the belief that 1883 wouid be a very favorable period for the- yield of the precious metal. But, unfortunately, this hypothesis, or f orecast,- has not teen borne out by results. For last year the yield was only 740,373 oz, or a decline on tbe yield of tbe previous year by no less a quantity than 139,106 oz. This means a deficiency in the output of last year of over 15 per cent; and we need hardly say that this difference is too reat to be regarded with scornful indiference. Tbe explanation of the decline, unhappily, comes home to ourselves, or had the Ballar&t district kept up the rosperity of 1881-2, no falling-off at all would have occurred. The absent 139,108 oz would have been supplied to he general stock by ourselves, and proably even a Btill larger quantity; so hat we have to bear the misfortune of he unpleasant tale which the latest old returns place before the public. In 1882 the Skipton street and Redan ines were yielding splendidly, the HurdEfields were in full swing, and the uartz claims farther south were turnng out every fortnight fine cakes of gold. The B«nd and Albion was at ts best, and the Washington, the Band f Hope, and the Koh-i-Noor, wore steadily pouring out a considerable mount of treasure. But only tbe first, one is doing anything now, and that one not a great deal, whiie the Skip ton line is all but dead; and, therefore, the difference between tbe yields of 1S82 and 1SS3 is easily explained. It. arises from the dull time which has befallen ourselves, and which of course is but one of the consequences of the ebbs which periodically beset ss, and whic&i all eoldfields in their turn have to experience. "We do not belong to the croaking class, and, therefore, we regard the decline which has taken place in our gold yield as only tern poraiy. Our quartz reefs are sure to come ssatn r o tbe fore, just the same as the Sandhurst reefs have done, after passing through several very heavy clouds; and time alone is required to bring about more quartz - excitements here, far, where there is eo much industrial activity, there will always be prospecting going on. And we~ believe also that" new alluvia] gutters yet remain to be found in this division, although it will be a rather arduous task to ascertain where they lie, and to" pnsh the works forward sufficiently well to -bring sbo?t their development. _ - But meanwhile the fact is" quite plain, that it is our misfortune that the gold yield declined last year to the extent of 139,108 oz. It was due to the away of our own mines; and there is no getting away from this fact, although the acknowledgment IB ' rather unsatisfactory to ourselves, and certainly very unpleasant. We have emerged, however, remarkably well from, far more serious crises than the one we are passing through now; and there is every reason to believe that the same good fortune will befall us in the future. THE London Economist has made great disco very. It has fonndont that "protection bas failed to make the colony of Victoria a nation of artisans." We should think so, indeed ; forjjrhoever beaid «f «^iation consisting «| artisans only) A community the elements of progression in St Miiim>s : r m t e n i p A - til b iBHM rmer^ tradeBpebple, miners, and eo artisans would come off very badly for customers to consume their products. The Economist is supposed to be a very sagacious paper; but it is not always wise, or it would certainly not be perplexed at Victoria not being peopled solely by blacksmiths, carpenters, engineers, and the like. It would see that, at all events, there must be farmers as well, or the prices of human, and other, provender, would be so locally dear as to place our artisans in a very unpleasant predicament when attempting to compete with outsiders, Protection, however, has done this for us, if it has not turned every male in the land fit for work into a mechanic. It has called into being a number of mechanical industries, which are pretty well meeting the local demand, and also finding markets beyond; and besidesdoing this these industries are supplying a number of our young with the means of technical, and practically useful, employment Protection has done this for us in a very marked and decided form, even though it has not converted every man here into an actual follower, of some handicraft; and, therefore," the friends of protection can afford to smile at the random assertions which the Economist makes, and at the effort® which are sure to be made nearer home to bolster up each unmitigated rubbish. It is in the interests of free-trade that the Economist writes. But instead of doing any good to that creed, it only excites ridicule by publishing such arrant nonsense. AU our reader* who know him will be glad to learn that Mr Hoelaclier, late of Ballarat sad Elaine, is still in the land of tbe living. On Monday night and again yesterday afternoon, by the request of Sir Cohen, ironmonger, cf Start street, we telegraphed to the Maryborough Chronicle (Queensland), asking whether it was Mr Hoel&oher who had been killed by sunstroke., as reported in Monday's Argun, tbe only diSerence being that the Argue spelt the name Hielscher, and last night we received the following reply-.—"Mistake in name. Naigher fell dead in Hielscher's cart." It will thus be seen that Mr Hoeleoher is not the unfortunate who anccnmbed to coup de solaL Mr Hoelscher was known to be in Maryborough; and hence the fear that he it was who Sad been killed by sunstroke, as reported in the Argus. Very great satisfaction W&B expressed in Ballarat last night when the telegram from Maryborough to this office was seen. A farther batch of successful students at the late matriculation and civil service examinations will be found in another column. Tbe numbers are now complete np to 550. In to-day's batch 17 pass the matriculation and 15 the civil service. The list we shall publish to-morrow morning will deal with Ballarat boys and girla, as the Ballarat numbers commence at 551 and close at 690. Mr John Wall, town clerk of Sebastopol, and lecturer on""astronomy at the School of Mines, who ia always to the fore in having the first view of anything interesting as regards astronomioal subjects, was on the look-out last night for the appearance of the Pons-Brook comet, and was rewarded at shortly after eight o'clock. The western horizon was remarkably free from cloud, and atmospheric conditions were very favorable, but only the keen practised eye of the astronomer, assisted fay powerful optical aid, can at present see this interesting little stranger. We are indebted to Mr Wall for the above information, which no donbt will be read with interest by all lovers of astronomy. The scene of the fire at Messrs Brown and Son's foundry was visited by a great many persons yesterday. Tbe damage done means serious loss to the proprietors, as a great deal of machinery and stock has been injured. It is believed that the fire was caused by sparks from the cupola, which was in full blast np till six o'clock. As will be remembered, there was a very strong wind blowing on Monday, and it is thought that it blew sparks into aome bags which were in the windows of tbe pattern shop, and that they there smonldered until they ignited the woodwork, and set the place on fire. The whole of the buildings and the plant were insured in the Victoria Company, but we understand that tbe agent for the company had " laid off" a considerable amount of that with other offices. A survey of the damage will be made to-day. Mr J. Hickman, proprietorof the Union Foundry, on hearing of Messrs Brown and Son's misfortune early yesterday morning, very generonBly placed his establishment at the service of the firm for the prosecution of {the work they had on We learn from onr Buninyong correspondent that Mr N. M'Grath is gradually recovering from the injuries be sustained on the morning of 2nd January, but his medical adviser is of opinion that he will not be able to appear to give evidence at the police court on Friday next. Proceedings are shortly to be taken by the city police against the Salvation Army for obstructing a carriage road at the intersection of Lydiard and Stmt streets on Sunday last. It seemB that a constable requested the officer in charge of the corps to move on,, bnt he refused to do so. Tbe offence of throwing stones at a train is a very serious one—in feet, a felony; and, i though it may not generally be known, renders tbe offender, according to the 30:b section of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute, liable to be imprisoned for ten years. A boy, about thirteen years, named Patrick Kedy, whose thoughtlessness has placed him in the very awkward position, will be proceeded against on summons at the Town Police C-iurt to-morrow for this offanrw. Keely, it fs said, is the youngster who threw pieces of bines tone metal from the Navigators bridge at persons in the open trucks of a train proceeding to the Lai Lai races on New Year's Day, The theft of about £3500 worth of gold is reported from Tasmania, one of the Beaconsfield mine-owners calculating that, by nefarious operations extending over some months, he has been robbed by an employe of amalgam and gold valued at the sum nam?d. The police are investigating the matter. Much interest is being felt by the members of the newly-enrolled Volunteer Militia in regard to tbe formation of t£e sew band, and hope* are expressed that efforts will be made to get together a body of musician? worthy of tbe battalion and the district. The name of Mr Kat. Hallas has been freely mentioned as the new bandmaster. A prominent citizen, well-known in musical circles, and who is eminently qualified for the position, is also Bpoken of, although nothing is known as to his willingness to undertake the duties. The cost 6T maintaining a firat-class military band in Ballarat would, we feel assured, be ' willingly shared in by the citizens. ~ As has been previously reported, tbe Rev. Charles. Harris, incumbent of the parochial district of Smythesdale, has accepted a similar position a Horsham; -and-the consequent departure of the reverend gentleman from t Smytbesdaie is universally regretted there, t for during tils too brief -nsidence of little R more than eighteen months he has won tbe w respect «nd esteem not only of the members b of the Church of England, but of all classes : a of the community. At the annual meeting, t of the aeat-holden held in St MarVeChurch. p Smytheedale, on Monday evening last, a H farewell presentation, consisting of a handsome marble timepiece, procured from the w establishment of Mr Bennett" of Ballarat, WM made to Mr Harris by his Smytbesdaie friends. The secretary of the chnrch committee, in makin^ the presentation, briefly expressed the regret of the congregation at tbe removal of Mr Harris, whom they had learned to respect and esteem as tgenflnan and a Christian, as well as the incuml>«it of the church." The Bev. Charles Harris, in reply, thanked bis Smytbesdaie friends for their unexpected gift, which would anted him of them as ttftes asbelookedatH, and hoped that the district:would soon aee nan P G c i y prospermia times/that the church would o •hare in Mir mrTril imfl ftist tlin iihiwlllim womld eoon be able to execute aouae muebneeded npura te 'the building. " V Tbe toihave WorW of list night _ ootitaans „ an ex-tract from the Media^lteck iitemiilfitlnanfsttbew&dfl!! - „,„U . -m-ition ,js to cause droughts, floods, ^nd (K-ter nice things among the human family. Vple, however, need not feel alarmed at the.-e statements, for they have been advanced More and nonone has been a whit the worae for their dissemination. A charge of lirceny as » Mee hae b^n made by Mr Gerard, watchmaker, of this city, against a man named Keats, who is at preaent in the Billarat gaol, on rt-mand from c Gordon, where he was charged with larceny. p It is stated that, on the 22nd cf December, be obtained a Waitham watch from Mr Gerard, stating that he had a customer for it in the person of a Mr Divey, of Lydiard street He has neither returned the watch nor paid the money for it, and Mr Davey intimates that he never had any transaction with Keats over a watch at all. The "north-west comer cf Humfiray and Victoria streets is n&w the site of two large brick shops, two stories high, built by Mr XV. Gale, the well-known mining speculator, of Ballarat East The shops are of an unusually subs tantialand fcandsomechar&cter, and'add greatly to the- appearanca of the neighborhood, which is becoming a veiy busy one. Mr Boulton was the contractor for th'e whole of the work, and he has earned out his contract very well indeed. The bnilding is abont 30 feet in height. The shops will be ready fcr occupation in abont a fortnight. The front will be adorned by an iron verandah. The shops measure respectively 18 feet by 14 and IS feet square. The windows will be of plate glass. Besidee tbe front shops there are a number of other residence rooms, and if so arranged the shopkeepers will have plenty of accommodation. Mr Gale is to be complimented on bis valu~ able and handsome property. The annnal meetinc of the governors and contributors to tbe Ballarat Orphan Asylum will be held in the board-room of theBenevolent Asylum, Camp street, on Thursday evening, the 17th ioEtsnt, at eight o'clock. The business to be done will be fonnd t m n s i p described in onr advertising colnmnB. The quarterly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat District Licensed Victuallers* Association was fixed to be held at Craig's hotel yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock. There was some important business to be considered, including that in connection with the annual picnic, but as there was no quorum tbe meeting was adjourned till to- morrow afternoon. The committee has fourteen members, and seven form a quorum, but no more than six attended, and consequently no business could be transacted. The gentlemen who were present waited for a long time for their nnpunotnal fellow-oommitteemen, bnt the requisite seventh did not turn up. Tho« whowere pn»«t spoke very of tbe want of interest and consideration the absent committeemen .showed, and the absence of the president in particular a matter for unfavorable comment One of tbe most influential and best at* tended meetings that has been held in connection with the Butchers 1 Employes Asso-f ciation since tbe last annnal picnic, took place on Monday evening last, at Blackburn's hotel, when it was decided to change the present place of meeting, and to rent a suitable hall for the purpose; and also that the next meeting be held on Monday, tbe 21el instant, the same to be duly advertised. Mr Belcher resigned bis position as secretary of the association, the members expressing regret at his resignation. Mr "W. Muggridge was unanimously elected in hiB stead. It was proposed and carried that the annnal picnic be held in March next, it being anticipated that the association will have ample funds in hand for the carrying oat of the same. After having aSorded a vote of i t b » k s t o t h e c & = g c W - -There is now on view, for a few days, att Bard well's Boysl Studio, a portrait in oS of Dr James Botertson. of Collins street Mel-; bourne, painted by Miss M*Dowall (pupil of Mr Price). This portrait adds another to the many laurels which this young lady baa justly gained for herself. During the New Year the Inmates of the Orphan Asylum were not forgotten by tbe kind friends who sent for their use the following good things:—Messrs Bateman, Clark, and Cn„ two cases of gooseberries; Mr Goddara, 23 dozsn buns; Mr Gates, onv case of plums; Mr Guun, one case of gooseberries; end Mrs Minogue, of Kirk's Dam, gave them a large supply of milk, on the occasion of th*-ir visit to the reserve, on tsew Year's Day. The annual meeting of the Buninyong Miners' Association will be held on the~2fch instant Nominations for the officers must be delivered fourteen days before the day of meeting, and addressed to the scoretary* at the Buninyong hotel. The sports committee of the St. Patrick's Day Fete met on Monday, the 7th instant, when the acceptance and entrance-fees were fixed. It was decided to hand in the programme to the printer at once, and circulate the same throngh the post to the pedestrians a • n p s t o s g f a throughout the colonies. We were yesterday shown by Mr S. Sogers a splendid collection of seventy diamonds obtained by him at Bega, New South Wales, where he has a mineral lease cf about 500 acres for the pnrpose of diamosd miniog. Although the majority of the gems were email, several of them were apparently of first water, and two or three of the strawcolored were resplendent specimens, even in the roogh. Mr Rogers je sanguine enough to prophesy that Bcga will be the biggest diamond field in the world. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Smytbesdaie Mechanics' Institute was held on Monday evening last. Present—Mr J D. Williamson (president). MesEra Rankin, Teitch, Anderson, Bishop, and Collier. Correspondence'— From Mr A. Young, M.L A., stating that he had succeeded in g.-tiang an additional grant of £10 fcr thv from the building grant Receired. The secretary reported tbe receipt of £S 8s 9d from the j:>int concert committee, and tbe annnal donation ot £2 2e from the Smytbeedalt Borough Council, and it was,decided to forward a letter cf thanks to the local fire brigade, for tb'cir services in connection with the concert. The following accounts wtre passed for paym. nt, viz.—H. Alpen, £2 2s; E. Knights, £3 5s lid; G. F. Smith, £1, G. J. Jon?a. £1 6s 63; sundries, £1 12a 93. Total, £14 lis 8a: A vote of thanks was thanks was passed to Messrs Collyer, Anderson, and Yeitch, for their services io connection with the Boxing Day concert. The Bev. Caarles Harris tendered his resigna+inn as a member of tbe committee, owing to bis removal from Smytbesdaie, and tbe resignation was accepted with regret It was decided to spend tbe sum of £10 in the purchase of new books, and Messrs Rankin. Collyer, and Knights were elected a selection committee. The meeting then closed. A meetine of representatives of the three rowinc clnba was held at Lester's botrl l»it "gbt,- Mr SscberrBise ia the chair. Jt was res-lived that a rowing Tegatta should he held early in March n^xt, just previous to tbe Barwon regatta; tbe date to be fixed at a meeting to be held, on Tuesday eveaicg next. Mr Becbervaiae wa*> elected av per* tnanent chairman, and Mr Whitelaiv u hoc: secretary. The atmusi meeting of the seat-holders in St Mary's Chnrcb of England, Smytbes-waa 'bdd on Monday, evening lu-t; tire Kev. Chas. Harris, incumbent presiding. Too chainnao announced that Messrs J. It. Williamson, Geo.-Jordan, W. H. Excetl. n D.-an Barr, C. Bishop, and R'.bc-rt Dntilop, had been nominated aa rarabe^s of the church committee for tbe eiisiiing yawr sp here were no other' oominatione, thtjfie lemeu were dsclued elected, and M.ssrs d.SearielG. W. Crisp,and E. Knights, jo»., f ere appointed " members of «ha* committee y the incnn>b°st Tbe consideration ef the nnual balance eheet was postponed until be sext ipeetiBg of tbe committee, ann n resentation was made to the Bev, Chas. arris which is referred to elsewhere, after hich the meeting closed. A good confession was made at the City oKce Court yesterday by cab-driver na:n«d regory 0*Shea, wben oiled <m tx> answer a harge of racing his horae over a street rmsng. He said— 11 I'm sis innocent as any oi our wcrshipe, and it's well known that the horses I drive arc net fit to race. The manager of one of the whim claim sat HaSSoo, and a boy employed to drive tbe bones, wero canh fined 20s, and 3s 3d corts, tin 8mythesdale Police Court yesterday,, for driving a hone in a whim when the animal wn not in a fit stabs to be used, wing to Bores oa the ahooider and breast . i The aooond wetjqg-for united prayer, Under tbe anspioes tit the H«1W Svaodfed AHianco, was beH in tbe Pbel Street United Muthodrst Free Chnrch last evening; tbe Bev. W.'Oaii presiding. Tbera vas * s® 04 »!Ko®aaaoe.: and a number -of t&e i LtnmBtomrfaetownwerepresentanatook!£ ^ ® ^ ^ ministefcB and laymen encased ;„ ** Bevs. T. Adamson, W. L.MortonP*?*-J. A. Stuart, and Messrs (Wev ^ andOiborae. The meeting «•=,:.• bo held in the Baptist CL^ct'^' street. An address will IK Bev. T. Adamson on "Fam !y ;, ts x In a case at the City Police Co"rt day against a school teacher, for n*l ' ftt T-his son to school as often BS reqnirt-d ' quarter, Mr Blair, the truant oEc ^ ^ to task for bis remarks. A bt from Dr Woinaraki sttKr the bev had been kept home a 1 ^ doctor's) request Sir Blair remsrS this was dc-ne only fcr the purpose of P Mayor Hickman rebuked the trnan* ft"-him that it was a serions eh,reake against a medical gentleman. Til*j to ot, however, silence the truant oSw, that since the school teacher ki£ -shifted from a certain echosl, and ren' 1 * 01 by another teacher, the attendance had ^ derfully increased. B ° c -At -the final meeting of the <w Asylum committee Utt evening vious to the forthcoming annual ng, a unanimous rote of thauh to Mr M'Kee, the president, t the verv satisfactory manner which ^ had discharged his duties daring fcigSJ? dency. Votes of thanks were also pasSX the vice-president the treasurer,VindtJ 0 retiring members of committee. Ernest A. M'Donald, late postmaster Omeo, surrendered to his bail (jj-j ,r Argus) on Monday morning, at t!;/ l<wj court of petty sessions, charged feloniously stealing £64, the prr ptrtvof g Majesty, while acting as pflsttn^tcr Z Omeo. The prisoner reserved his dtfa, and W3B committed to take his trial at Sale AtBtzes on the 23 h Februarv, bad tefcj allowed, tbe prisoner in £200, and til sureties of - f £100 - Clnn eaeh. A gentleman of New Soath tTata (BVI the Argus) has written to the S'r£ksneri„ Society, stating that, fcr £30,000. fcVva reveal the real author of n'j™ sonnet?. • Mr Berry, who has taken np hi? resident at G' elor.g for a few w-eks. it.forms 'tf Gedong Aditrtiser that prohably within tbe fortnight the turret ship Gerb-nu yj ay a visit to Corio Bay, and res:ao fe ome dayB, during which she will be opa ^ inspection of the public. A bush-fire (says the Argus) cimiecaj n Messrs Thomas Brown and Co.'e Tm-i on Saturday last, and Tagcd ^ fury until Monday evening. Toecoclagration extended over some thousand* d of country, causing a corsidecslu amount of damage to station property and t» rtrongy ^ T J^l " « • ; ^ ^ ^ ^ r e ^ U ^ wheat and hay stacks, fencing, farming h-_ plements, &c., and oniy managing to sire their live stock and dwellinghoaal.& from which spread with grea; rapiJity. i large party cf voluntetjrs were engaged it beating out the fire, bet w*re not euceasjcl until a large amount of property had bea destroyed, on account of the abundance ti grass. A fire also 0,-cuTc-d on Sitcrdjr sight on the Mocnt Pleasant E-tatL-, tight miles from Deni-iqnir;, Ieaeed by Mssn M'Meakin Brothers, whereby a hiyslast, containing some 70 r^es, and c eh^o, totally destroyed. The fire is p;;p}-.a?ed tt have been tbe work cf at: ii'CcL'dir.ry. Tr* property is psrtialiy insured. A complaint {says the Argus) has bee. made to the Minister of Education of ScuU T ^ J* 6 04 ;"V° ^ F 00^® ^™"!*™? 5L£S ^ ^ , , „ ,. , „ ^ ^ ^ ^ v u S ^ m conneobon with Mr L. Ho^a. rf Ballarat, have just obtained (says n:-. Jpjjt patent for an appliance which has proved tt be a sure preventative against s.cciti- uts d thiB kind. The appliance baa been rrecUc scd tested at the United Ajai C r -mpjDjli mine, and was found to answer ev. -y ,-iptctation. It is also highly approved • ibr Mr Nicholas, the mining inspector. I ac:sl<; automatically cutting off tbe steam f ; m the engine, and putting on the brak? ti» t':;efijwheel, as soon as the cage reaches a: y jira distance above th-> brace The cage i: brought to a standstill without any >-:runo: either the engine or tbe rope. At th- aatt time, the person in charge is warned chat tbt cage is overwound by the-control beir-c 'sia out of his hands until the check s rc-K'. The patentees intend inviting the 11 i.iftrr c! Minrs and the mining pnblic to « t ulcf this appliance in a few- days. It has been ascertained (says the At^u) ' that on Christmas Day the train t'i 1th Mount Barkc-r, South Aurtrafia, ar 4 Sflp.tr. mtrscnlonely escaped a terrible : - idtr\ After leaving Mount Lofty with 303 icnsianifits, the brake gave way, ana thc-mit was at the mercy of the hand lirak' S Witt the engine reversed, a apecd was attainedc! fifty-five miles an hour The brake c-lUpei I while the rrain Was dvaceodicg z cf j 1 in 45. The train sv-aysrd dangrrcu-A fit® I side to side, and many of the j:.--•••Men became sick. It appears that two --rv.ss oa the line we fitted wirh autom&'ic ' r.ktt. | The one in question had the W -sti'i brake. A number cf men (says the r^'- ^^.-.-itlvto j have been passed bv medical cflS^i« f® enrolment in the infantry of tbe n-n- v i!na < force in Melbourne and suburbs i- -tated upon reliable authority to be only 259 to the present time. This is very e!i,w writ, ! as the number required is 1050, but there ii ] no doubt but that many men arc h?loicg f back until after the publication of ; ; :cnev regulations. The Talbot Leader nays that tbe mayor of that borough contemplates convening a pnblic meeting, at an early date, to cor?i- : 'T tie j best means of raising subscriptin g r'- rtbe j relief of the sufferers by the di.master at tin Utrior- mine. Considerable commotion (says the A rati J Advertiser) was caused amongs'. rr.ricoi I business people in Ararat on Monoay ni r.-iBg I by tbe erratic movements of a r- ^ 'v ^ti- j Wished tradesman.. His prctms^ v.v - '"EjT j c-p?ueti at the clos, of last week, an i <• P^- ] cored a quantity of goods and far. irirr i the usual terms. Wti-r. it was f. a' 1 tint J the n;an had departed by tbe earlv T-JnOE I Monday morning for Billarst a una'! pat® 1 set iu, and tbe place was besieged. S^nie of J the furniture that was being placed < •. a lony j tor removal to tile station was seized. and ] severs! tock hack the c-rds they bar- npplieo- I One of the later arrie-Is just manage! to saw I his bacon by taking hack a ham. It is J that the mar will h roi:irfct back it is quite • h-' ls<» may vrluntarily I rotnru and r."an;- hip SheuW ht j do so Mtir/.ay't trsn'aetioca »:!'. Tisetfl I some tiicrrrni^ii^ The A'rtrict- (s-ys the .4r.iwi " j Faff-rh,a rvT—rtily '••••••m im<ucrr.' fl. ~ s d j lue a 1 ..--ihi.- pirrMs. -.v-.- 'WaTt I etu«T:fr h•-. •.-am the fruit. Tn one I eirdrK r.' th' J v i-.r ve - r.med [ eighty r-'um". igrircaa'y ih-? r'-- r? i r.r"' other] fruit. The foifcwing instance of I aff.ictiou has hncn t'rratr.bed 'the I Z i s conwt'ndfnt.—"i mare hf- ] IrmgiD^t^ Mr Hffl,!^, -c- K-orcttv ^ j'ly, near Talbot was turned out with !:•. - : -'-I ] gra25 on Boxing DPV. as usual. she returned without , the f.->\- : . I neiabing loudly, Btr Eoebc? at - • 1 cln-led th^t eomethirtsr bad hapr^r •<? tV | foal» and CTqcined where if bad 'a teen irifi th" dwu. moantic:' once attempted In - in that ni-•• r t j refused. h««rnv<.r. t-o nbey bis w>1, aw | having obtained his permission V " own way," galloped »ff toward« A r near the raeiecsnrae, kwpi". v cl j . enutinncma call bs- *be travellcV Sad-I demly ehe stopped-nntr a shaft j and on het rider diBraonntirg and exr- :n "f> j it be discovered the foal at the ' rc ®' 1 whicii, ii is seedless to add, he t/>rfc ^utas I socn as- poeeible." I sew , eqnaeorlal instrument f tie I •Srgu^ hes teen erected st th? Svrtafll Obee^vtt-oty. Additional iut-rest """J?! to it as it re i>! colonial wnrkmaafH'Ti •» r l fiossdl dc-soribes it u the ficiest be ha» j Tha statement (aava the A reus) n'ad«l?| tte Bedaoads in Sau Francieco, ^J ported rn Monday's cablegrams, that «"] sum of £4000 bad been raised in A lian ecSeoiee 1ST the Partiell testimr-nial rt^a s premature, -to say the least of i f - I matter of fact tbe' eum wtcally reoci red^l far is under flOOOiHiiocgh as a large 1 of s O a & a ^ l n l a ^ M M n M r I out tte oolooles,it Jsponbla the 'g? 1^! will reach a mm ooBdeSBe" snm. 6J in hamd, tbE -gydney eomir.ltte? 30% and the Adelaice -committee kre»k c5 at Mauritius, attracted tt,e attcuticn of tbe Central Buard of HeaJth, and they have taken steps for having the Bort of that colony declared infected, uaaer tinder Jhe the public Health Act, in order that vesaek vessels arriving fraa! there may be objected to the qusra^ue regaletiooE. y r K-rfi- rd's illness ou Sunday last (says the ll(Tald) was for a short time of a most tciieM character, congestion of the liver setting i«> threatening symptoms of JIUEQII 1 --Pioir.pt medical relief being at fraud pivvoutid ibe seizure from becoming of an E3iurr. S»eet ansonnces ia onr advertising columue that she will commence teaching music at her residence, 27 Webster street, on Monday, the 4th of nest month. Circulars can be obtained on application. Miss M'DowaU, organist at St. AncSrew's Kirk, vill resume tuition on Monday, tbe '21st instant, at her residence, SO Macarthur street, Dr Whiteombe announces in our advertising columns that he is a candidate for one of the honorary surgeons' vacancies at the Ballarat Hospital. Nominations for officers for the Creswick Winers' Association, in accordance with bye law 35, must be sent to the secretary on or before next Saturday. Mr William Thomson has been nominated for the auditorship of the Hospital. A meeting of the Ballarat District Hunt Club will be held this evening at eight o'clock, at Craig's hotel. Mr J. Bailey announces that he will resume tuition on.th* piano on Monday, 2lBt January, at 11 Eirard street north. 