OCCASIONAL NOTES. WE are indebted to the courtesy of His Excellency the Governor for a copy of the offi- cial report of the proceedings of the late Inter- colonial Convention. THE public masquerade balls held in the Town Hall on the race nights were very well patronised, and appeared to afford unbounded enjoyment to those who were present. THE totalizator worked well and was ex- tensively patronised at the late meeting of the W. A. Turf Club. The machine was admirably ' conducted,' and the total amount of money which passed through it during the two days was £539. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Barker will cross over to Rottnest in H. M.S. Meda to-day. His Excellency, we understand, will only remain on the island for a few weeks, enjoying what most people must regard as a period of well-earned repose. OWING to the illness of an important wit- ness in the case of the man Charles Clifford, charged with manslaughter—which case, the Attorney General said, had, for reasons he was not aware of, been sent down from Geraldton for trial at the Supreme Court—the hearing of the case has been postponed until next Tuesday morning. BEFORE the Supreme Court rose yesterday the Attorney General intimated that a request had been made to the Crown by the counsel who is to defend the man named Haines, charg- ed with the murder of his wife, to have the case postponed for a few days to afford his counsel an opportunity of becoming acquainted with its leading features, as he had only been just instructed to undertake the defence. Under these circumstances, and if agreeable to the Court, the Crown proposed to postpone Haines' case until Monday next. His Honor : Be it so. WE desire to draw the attention of the City Council to the state of the footpath adjoining the back of the Girls' College, in Hay Street, Last winter's rains have washed away a consider- able quantity of the top dressing, causing deep holes to appear where the panels of the fence do not reach the ground, and the path is now in a very dangerous condition. Any one having occasion to pass over it after nightfall, has to give it a wide berth, unless he wishes to encounter the risk of a broken leg, and the municipal author- ities would do well to have the repairs executed without delay. A recent issue of the Hamilton Spectator states " that Mr. Ernest Giles was offered the position of leader of the second Argus expedi- tion to New Guinea, Captain Armit not being prepared to resume his investigations after the disastrous experiences he underwent. The veteran explorer, Giles, however, who had been five times across the Australian continent, con- sidered that the difficulties and dangers to be encountered in New Guinea so far transcended any of those to be met with on the Australian main land, that he respectfully declined the offer made to him, and was content to rest upon his lanrels." THE following are the cases which remain to be disposed of at the criminal sessions, which will be resumed this morning at 10 o'clock : John Bovenkamp, forgery and larceny at Perth, six witnesses; 'Benben,' alias Bandy, abori- ginal native, charged with murder at the Wil- liams, six witnesses ; James Mann and Thomas Burns, larceny from the person at Newcastle, two witnesses ; John Meredith, arson and lar- ceny at Northam, four witnesses ; Robert Jack- son and John Leonard, burglary at Perth, four witnesses ; Henry B. Haines, murder of his wife, at Perth, nine witnesses ; Charles Clifford, manslaughter, Gascoyne, four witnesses ; and George Rogers, larceny at the Williams, three witnesses. AN Adelaide paper says: "The natives have been very troublesome lately on Messrs Dempster's sheep run, about 150 miles inland from Esperance Bay, in Western Australia. Recently they attached the station, which at the time was in charge of a white man and a black, and wounded the latter. They found the Caucasian played out, or at any rate he ran away, and lives to fight another day. The savages then had a gay time of it and broke things,—a dynamite explosion, which shattered the house and damaged tools and other things, being among their diversions. They of course banqueted freely on fresh mutton before they departed, and took a flock of merinos away with them. Mr. J. P. Dempster, who is in Adelaide has received a telegram wired from Esperance Bay by his brother, stating that a party consist- ing of himself and station hands with police troopers started in pursuit of the offenders and captured eight, who will be taken as prisoners, for a distance of about 430 miles from the station to Albany, where they will be prosecuted. The blacks had eaten about fifty sheep when their little enjoyments were interfered with." OUR Victoria Plains correspondent, writing on Dec. 28th. says: Christmas has gone by, and proved very similar, so far as the weather was concerned, to what it was last year, viz. thundery. On the afternoon of Christmas day a heavy storm passed to the east of Walebing, filling some of the brooks bank-full and washing the grass off the ground as bare as if a bushfire had been over it. The Weather has been cool since,—sometimes threatening rain, but the thun- der seems to have passed off for the present. The general topic of conversation just now is the measles, of which there are several cases in the south end of the district, but, so far, the epidemic has got no further up this way than New Norcia. I have not heard whether there are anymore cases at Dandaragan. A man named Morris, in the employment of Mr. D. Macpherson, got his leg and some ribs broken a short time ago in trying to stop a runaway team. The injuries were attended to by Dr. Mayhew, and for some days the man was doing well, but I have since heard that fears are now entertained of a relapse. Reaping is finished except in a few places where strippers are used. A special agent of the Australian Mutual Provident Assur- ance Society has been canvassing round the dis- trict, and I hear with fair success. A CORRESPONDANT informs us that a meet- ing of the Toodyay Roads Board, Mr. S. P. Phillips J.P. in the chair, was held at the Court House, Newcastle, on the 28th nlt. for the elec- tion of new members and of a chairman of the Board. An objection was taken to Mr. Lloyd's candidature, on the ground that his nomination was too late—and debated with great warmth. Ultimately the chairman ruled that Mr. Lloyd's nomination was perfectly valid. During the poll Mr. J. Lloyd, on asking for a ballot paper was refused by the scrutineers, who both had his name down as having already rated. This was denied by Mr. Lloyd, who met with the general sympathy of the meeting, the chairman declaring that, from his known character, he (the chairman) thoroughly believed him. At 5 o'clock the poll was announced as follows ; Mr. Connor 65 votes, Mr Butterley 52, Mr. Sinclair 47, and Mr. Lloyd 49. The first three were therefore declared elected. Mr. Cooper having been proposed as auditor by Messrs. Sinclair and Donegan, the meeting adjourned to a room in Mr. Donegan's hotel. Mr. Sin- clair was proposed as chairman by Messrs. Connor and Butterley, but Mr. Sinclair with- drew his name and proposed Mr. Connor which was seconded by Mr. Everett. Mr Donegan proposed Mr. Phillips, which however was not seconded. Mr. Connor was therefore elected. Mr. Phillips said that he was prepared for this. He was sorry to see a party spirit prevalent which must prove so detrimental to the pros- pects of the district. He was not at all sur- prised at not being elected chairman, though he had held that office for many years, as sev- eral resolutions passed during the last half year were a disgrace to the Board. Mr. Connor thanked his supporters and said that he only accepted the chairmanship because he had been in hot water with their late chairman for the previous six months, and he regretted having lo do so—[Mr. Phillips : " I should think so"] and that he should not accept the £30 per annum as the former chairman had done. Mr. Sinclair thought their chairman ought to do their work for the honor and glory of it, and not for a paltry salary. Mr. Phillips reminded Mr. Sinclair that he was the only member who had declined to guarantee £20 a year to the Board. After some further conversation among the members of the Board the meeting adjourn- ed. THE Supreme Court sat in its criminal juris- diction yesterday, for half an hour, when the following cases were disposed of, the prisoner in each case pleading guilty to the charge upon which he was arraigned. Joseph Hindmarsh, an old man, indicted for the larceny of a bag of flour, a chest of tea, and a bag of sugar from his employer, Mr. James Fallon, was sentenced to 3 years penal servitude, the Chief Justice in passing sentence upon him stating that there were other convictions recorded against him, and that as larceny by servants is always look- ed upon as a worse offence than simple larceny, he did not think he could give him less than the term named. The prisoner having retired, James Jones, a middle aged man, pleaded guilty to the larceny of a sum of £4 from the person of one Thomas Johns, at Perth. This was not the prisoner's first offence, and was one of those wretched cases in which the prosecutor is deserving of little or no sympathy, both he and the prisoner, together with other boon compan- ions, having been drinking at several pub lic houses in the town prior to the robbery. His Honor, in passing sentence upon the accus- ed, said the offence referred to was becoming too common in this colony, and must be put down ; he could not, therefore, give him less than twelve months' imprisonment. The pris- oner appeared to be agreeably surprised at the result of his interview with the court, and tripped down the stairs to his cell quite jauntily. Alexander Dixon was next indicted on a charge of horse stealing at the Murray. There was a second count in the indictment for receiving. The prisoner having pleaded guilty, the learned Judge in sen- tencing him said there did not seem to be any record of a previous conviction against him in this colony, and therefore the Court must take it for granted that this was his first appearance in public. The charge against him, how- ever, was a serious one, and he did not think the ends of justice would be satisfied if he gave him anything less than three years penal ser- vitude. The prisoner was sentenced according- ly, and removed. The Chief Justice then said he understood there had only been a certain number of prisoners brought up from the gaol that morning, all of whom had pleaded guilty, and, perhaps, under the circumstances,—as he understood an application was to be made to him to make this a short day, and, inasmuch as in any case it would take some time to bring down any more prisoners from the gaol,—the Court might as well at this stage adjourn until next day. The jury and witnesses were there- fore dismissed from further attendance until this morning (Thursday) at 10 o'clock. AT the annual commemoration of the Ade- laide University held on December 17, the Chancellor (Chief Justice Way) said : "I am induced on this occasion to disinter what has long been a favourite theory of my own—that it would be as well if the Australian Universi- ties would unite in a common examination for degrees and in a common Board of Examiners. I know there are many practical difficulties in the way of such a scheme as this, but we may hope for great things in these days of federa- tion, and a step of this kind would undoubted- ly add much to the prestige and value of the degrees of Australian Universities. (Applause.) The members of the senate will remember that a modest little statute was sent for their ap- proval at the last meeting of the Council. It was a statute providing for University examina- tions in other localities besides Adelaide. It may be said that this is legislation in anticipa- tion of our present requirements ; but I venture to hope the time is not far distant when there will be University examinations in all the prin- cipal towns of the colony in imitation of the Oxford and Cambridge local examinations which have been so successful in the old coun- try. Mr friend the Vice-Chancellor is the author of this scheme, and I believe he enter- tains the hope of annexing Western Australia, in the sense of bringing that colony within the ambit of these proposed local examinations." On the same occasion the Vice-Chancellor. speaking afterwards, in the course of an address upon the general position and work of the Uni- versity, said : " I venture to call the attention of the public to a statute very recently adopted by the Council and the Senate, which has for its object the extension of the operations of the University to remote places in the colony and to places outside the colony altogether. The details of the necessary arrangements for giv- ing effect to this statute have not yet been con- sidered, but it is proposed that the junior and matriculation examination should he held where- ver a sufficient number of candidates who would otherwise be precluded by distance or expense from attending in Adelaide can be se- cured to cover the additional cost of the exam- ination. It is to be hoped that the neighbour- ing colony of Western Australia may in time have a University of her own, but in the mean- time the Council of this University will be glad to assist in fostering taste for sound learning in that colony, and in preparing the way for a University by holding examinations in Perth as elsewhere under such arrangements as may be mutually satisfactory to the Council and the Government of Western Australia." This reads curiously â propos of the letter we publish else- where. With the great size, small means, and scanty population of Western Australia, and it may be added with the necessity of its young men applying themselves assiduously to mere bread-winning, a University could only be estab- lished here under peculiarly difficult conditions. If there be an opening at all it can only be to the extent at present of holding local examina- tions, for which again the pupils would have to be almost altogether self-taught. In such a case the kindly offer of the Adelaide University will be carefully remembered, and in the meantime the thoughtfulness and good feeling it has ex- hibited should he cordially appreciated. IT will be remembered that a proposal was made at the late session of Council to introduce, by way of experiment, a number of Maltese immigrants into this colony. But the proposal did not meet with much favour, and, judging by the result of an experimental shipment made to Queensland, it would appear as well that the suggestion was not adopted. The appended extract is from the Queenslander received by the last mail :—" In our last issue we stated that the Nuddea brought sixty-nine Maltese labourers for Sloane and Co. In this we were slightly in error. The Maltese were, it appears, engaged through the agency of Sloane and Co. as plantation labourers to the order of the Aird- millan Sugar Company, of the Lower Burdekin It was the intention of the local agents to have transhipped the Maltese to the Star of Hope, and take them direct to the scene of their labour ; but, owing to some misunderstanding, they were landed on Friday night, and paraded Flinders-street in gangs until a late hour. Early on Saturday morning they were again visible, and at about 11 o'clock preparations were being made for a start, and the Maltese were ordered aboard the Star of Hope. Then the trouble commenced. Our fellow-subjects did not approve of such a short stay in town, and all sorts of excuses were made in order to defer their departure, culminating in a positive refusal to budge. The police were then sent for, and some six or seven constables under Sergeant Mathers had a lively time of it for a couple of hours. One of the Maltese became so demonstrative that it was thought prudent to arrest him, which was accordingly done, and he was marched off to the lock up. Matters then began to assume a rather serious aspect, and it at one time appeared as if the arrest of their countryman would be resented. However, they were pacified, and upon a promise being given that the prisoner would be liberated and accompany them on their journey, the majority of them agreed to go on board the steamer, which they did in a very leisurely manner, be- tween two and three hours elapsing before it could be accomplished. However by din' of a great deal of coaxing, and a liberal distribution of tobacco, all but seven of the men who were engaged were got on board the Star of Hope. and she got clear of the wharf. The seven re- ferred to refused to go, and with others of their countrymen who came as stowaways, are now in Townsville. We understand this consignment of Maltese is merely an experiment, with a view of ascertaining whether the labour is suitable or not. From the conduct of the men on Satur- day we venture to think the experiment will not be repeated. Some amongst them can speak good English. One particularly civilised individual asked our reporter if he was likely to get three months if he refused to go on board the steamer. He was informed that he might possibly get six, to which he replied he did not care if he got twelve. He further vol- unteered the information that he had been five years in gaol at Malta, and was not afraid of it ; likewise that most of his companions were familiar with the internal arrangements of Maltese prisons. Not having any reason to doubt this gentleman's veracity, we accent his statement as being true, and the question ariss whether it is desirable that this riff-raff should be introduced amongst us. From their own showing they are neither more nor less than the sweepings of Malta Gaol. and is it prudent that such a class should be encouraged to reside amongst us ? A good deal of trouble has been taken to make them comfortable at Airdmillan. Houses have been erected for them and like- wise a church. The rev. gentleman who atten- ded them tried hard to persuade them to go on board the steamer, but his influence was evi- dently not as potent as that of the Sergeant and his men. One of them told us that they knew just as much about what they were doing as the priest, and that he only had authority over them when at church. Another very objection- able feature is that they have no women amongst them, although half of them have wives and families, and this will, we fear, lead to very serious evils." 