WODONGA SHIRE COUNCIL. The regular meeting of this body was held on Tueada}' lost, the members present being tho President unH Councillors Bambrick, Ferriel, Newnaii, M'Fatlane, and Parnaby. • After the confirmation of minutes the following buBiness was dealt with •:— • ' .. FINAKOE. , „, •••-'• The following accounts were passed for pay- J. CUMMINS .. £110 J. Wo idland .. 10 JrlVoodland .. 9 G. Hw.ta&Oo.; ...10 0 O 'Pettvcksh , .. ... ^ C. Dunh "'.. ' .. 8 0. J. 2rHernia ... 6 J. Cummins .. 1 0 o J.PJielan.. .. ® 1 C. Wilson 0 6 0 CORRESPONDENCE. Correspondence was then dealt '"with 'as follows:— J • • . • •'' • From tbe Yea Shire Council, with'reference to proposed conference of municipal"delegates to consider railway matters.—A resolution was carried approving of the movement,'fend 'promising support to any reasonable action .taken in the matter.. '' ( '' From the Government Statist, re documents issued trom his -department.—Received. ; From the Eailway Department,iii replyto the Council's complaint of excessive passenger rates .between Albury and "Wodon'ga, stating that the New South Wales railway authorities had been written to with a view'to ar^doction in the fares.—Received. ••• ' " From the Railway Department;' n 'water supply, pointing cut that the railWay tank^aB never intended for the -pemantnt 1 nsS Jjf the shire, but stating that if the Council eredted tanks of its own, the railway authorities. *ould undertake to -pump into them at a rate tt be agreed upon'.—The sectetary waslnstructed to renew the application, pointing out ithat^inly permission to erect stand-pipes 'was' ttfeeded.; Trom the Lands Department, inMfly to |he Council's request for the excision of a pornon of. land from Mr. Newnaii's holding ; and mkingif the Coaneil was-prepared to compensate Mr. Newnan for any loss he might suffer by Biich excision.—To be informed that Mr. Newnan required no compensation. From Mr. C. Rose, intimating his inability to continue the performance of his contract for lamplighting. The least he could do the work for would be £6 per month.—It was decided to accept Mr. Rose's resignation of the appointment, and to invite fresh tenders for the work. From the Shire of Oxley, asking the cooperation of the Council in getting a bill passed prohibiting the use of wax mutches in the colony.— Received. From the Treasury, enclosing voucher for £•299 18s, 4d.—Received. From Mr. W. Tetley, calling attention to the dangerous state of the Middle Creek bridge.— From Mr. A. M'Cormick, asking leave to erect a bridge over a drain in iront of ' premises on Chiltem-road.—Permission granted, the work to be done subject to the approval of the engineer. From the herdsman, enclosing list of cattle registered on the Belvoir Common from 1st October, 1883, to 1st April, 1884.—Received. From the health officer, reporting favorably on tbe sanitary condition of the town generally. —Received. REPOHTS. The report of the rate collector showed that £15 6s. had been collected between 17th March and 15th April.—Received. Tbe report of the superintendent of roads stated that the flooring ot the bridge at Felltimber Creek required renewal, and that the bridge over Middle Creek needed repairs.— Received. On the motion ot Councillor PABNABY, seconded by Councillor M'FARLAKE, it was agreed to call for tenders by next meeting for works near Galtetley's farm leading to Middle Creek. The report of the Inspector ol Nuisances was to the effect that the sanitary condition of the town was very good. One child had been reported to be suffering from scarlet fever, and the inspector had recommended that the child should be taken to the Albury Hospital. Tbe Inspector called attention to an insecure plank in the Wodonga Creek bridge. TOBLIC "WORKS COMMITTEE. The report of the Public Works Committee recommended acceptance of tenders as follows: —Supply of 260 yards ol gravel, T. Fitzgerald, £40 3s. 7d.; works at Hnon's Creek, E. Diblev, £36. The PRESIDENT stated that there had been several cases of scarlatina reported in the town, and it was decided to inform Dr. WoodB, the health officer. Councilloi FERHIER moved, and Councillor BAHBBICK seconded, that the secretary commuuicate with the Shire of Yackandandah rc tbe re-decking of tbe boundary bridge, as it was in a bad state of repair and would require to be a joint job of the two Councils.—Carried. Councillor FEBRIEB moved, and Councillor BAMBRICK seconded, tbat the new work at Middle Creek be blinded with clay, at amount not exceeding Is. per cubic yard.— Carried. Councillor FURRIER 'moved, and Councillor BAMBRICK fecord :d, that thi public park be continued under tbe old system, for tbe use of the ratepayers, at the rate of 10a. per head.— Carried. Councillor Bambrick moved, and Councillor Ferrier seconded, that Charles Rose be paid the sum £4 5s. for lighting the lamps for tbe mouth of March.—Carried. Couocillor Parnaby moved, and Councillor M'Farlane seconded, that a committee consisting of four merabera—viz, the President, aud Councillors Ferrier, M'Farlane, and Parnaby —be appointed to report on the best road leading to Indigo Creek.—Carried. Councillor M'Farlane moved, and Councillor Parnahy seconded, that Andrew Heckendorff be requested to removn his fence from off the reserve at Wodonga West at once, as the reserve is the only water for stock within a mile of the place.—Carried. Councillor Parnaby moved, and Councillor M'Farlane seconded, that the secretary report by next meeting on the lade leading to Rats' Castle, lor clearing and forming road to the top of the hill.— Carried. ANOTHER example of the highly unsatisfactory manner in which the land law of the colony is administered, has been brought under our notice in connection with certain selections taken up by Mr. THOMAS RYAN, a former resident of this district. The circumstances of the case, as detailed by the selector, are briefly as follows:—On the 8th December, 1SS1, Mr. RYAN, with his son and two daughters, selected four 640-acre blocks in the Wagga Wagga district. He was informed, bower, by the surveyor that portion of the land was on a railway reserve, the selection of which would necessarily be invalid, but that the reserve would probably be thrown open to conditional purchase in the course of a fow weeks. Acting on this information he withdrew the application *in the name of his son—THOMAS RYAN, junr.— and modified his own application by reducing the area to 540 acres. Six months later he received a formal notification that all three of the selections trenched upon the reserve, and he then went to Sydney and the facts ol' the case were brought under the notice of Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, then Minister for Lands, who, in view of tho large, amount of money expended in improvements on the selection of one of tho daughters, promised that steps should be taken to validate the purchase, and on leaving office left a memo, to that effect. Mr. RYAX, however, was given to understand, as regarded his own selection, that there was an area of only 55 acres available. Having spent a considerable amount of money and labor in improvements, Mr. RYAN did not care to accept this as an ultimatum, and upon the intercession of Messrs. JONES and LODGHNAN, the local members of Parliament, Mr. FARNEDL consented to allow the whole selection to stand good. After some time had passed without this pledge being formally redeemed, Mr. RYAN wrote to say that if only 55 acres could be allowed him he would prefer to take a refund of his deposit-money, thus forfeiting all he had laid out in improvements. This letter was written on 18th September, 1882, and for six months no reply came to hand. On 21st April, 1883, an "answer arrived intimating that Mr. RYAN could have 73 acres, which area he agreed to accept. In order, however, to make sure that there could bo no mistake he again went to Sydney, and in company with Mr. LOUGHNAN waitod upon Mr. FAKNCLL on 10th May, when the Minister told him ho should have the land he wanted, and that he had better go and work on his selection than be running down to Sydney. On the faith of this intimation Mr, RYAN returned home and let a eontract for tlnoe miles of fencing. A few days later lie received a lettor signed by the Minister, and dated 10th May—the date, it will be observed, of the last interview— Btating that the whole of his selection was roid; and from that time to this RYAN has been able to obtain no further satisfaction. It should however, be further 6tated that RYAN'S selection was in the first instance objected to by the Crown lessee on the ground that the land was improved, and thus not open to selection, whilst as a matter of fact the objector has since conditionally purchased the area and now holds it. We are glad to be able to add that the whole circumstances of the case having been referred to a Select Committee, a report favorable to Mr. EVAN'S claims has been adopted, and he is likely to obtain the full area of the three selections, portions of the railway reserve being cancelled for that purpose. For this result, however, he has to thank, not the Minister of Lands, but the local members who brought the matter under the notice of Parliament. THE position of the Albury and Border Pastoral and Agricultural Society, as disclosed by the report and balance-sheet submitted at the annual meeting, is a highly satisfactory one, and places the society in the front rank of kindred associations. Year by year, thanks to the energy of the committee and officebearers, the society's exhibitions have increased iu importance and interest, and last year's show was to a marked extent more successful than any of its predecessors. The entries were 50 per cent, more numerous than in the preceding year, tho value of tho prizes was about 35 per cent, larger, and the attendance of visitors proportionately great. The committee, however, did not take advantage of this prosperous condition of affairs to rest upon their oars, but recognising that in their case, as in the case of most other undertakings, there must be either progression or retrogression, they set to work with a will still further to increase the importance and usefulness of the organisation. For some years past the necessity of increasing the area of the yards has been apparent, and the committee have at length, mainly by the help of Mr. LYNE, M.L. A, succeeded in obtaining an additional block of six acres, which when properly fencod and laid out will provide all accommodation that is likely to be required for a good many years to come. This additional aroa will at once bo enclosed, with a view to its being available for the exhibition of the current year, and a rather heavy outlay will be thus incurred; but it is an expenditure which is fully justified by the condition of the finances, as after laying out some £450 in improvements last year, the society commences the season with a very respectable credit-balance, and with a muster-roll of subscribers about SO per cent, larger than it commanded three years ago. It is only reasonable to believe that with a continuance of the same sound judgment and energy which have heretofore distinguished the' conduct of the society's affairs, a still larger measure of public support will be secured, and it is not too much to predict for the society the speedy attainment of a position second only to that held by metro politan associations. This year of itself will probably witness an important stride in advance, tho members at the annual meeting having affirmed the desirability of holding a two-days' show. A few of the committee appeared to be a trifle alarmed at the idea of so bold an innovation, but there is really no cause for fear. In the case of the majority of the exhibitors the extra day will involve very trifling inconvenience, and the number of entries is therefore not likely to be lessened by the change; whilst in all other respects the alteration is certain to be advantageous. A two-days' show means more gate-money, . and higher prices for the booths and other privileges, without any increase in the prize-list, advertising expenses, or other principal items of expense in connection with getting up tho exhibition; and it also secures for the committee thiB very important advantage—that if the weather on the first day should chance to be unfavorable an opportunity may be afforded on the second day of making good the deficiency in the receipts. Owners of live-stock will be pleased to notice a very important change the regulations, the effect of the alteration being that no one particular animal will henceforth be able to carry off the chief class prize for a number of years in succession. [Since the above was in type the committee, at a meeting held yesterday evening, decided to modify the proposal for a two-days'show. The sheep and machineiy exhibits will have to be on the ground on the morning before the show day, but there will be only one day's exhibition.] RAINFALL.—The rainfall for the week wai 34 points, making the total for the year. 3*42 inches. ALBDBY HIGH SCHOOL.—'The Rev. J. Masters, M.A., intimates that duties will be resumed on Monday. LITTLE BILLABONG RACES.—The weights for the handicaps at the Little Billabong racemeeting wilt be found in another column, WALBDNDRIE RACES.—The annual races at Walbundrie take place on 15th May. The full programme will be found i& our advertising columns. TENDER ACCEPTED.—The tender- of Mr. J. Adams has been acceptedfor the erection of a wooden building for public school purpoBes at Burrumbuttock. CHDEOH OF ENGLAND SDNDAY-SCHOOL.— The annual picnic of the children attending St. Matthew's Sun day-school took place on Easter Monday in a paddock adjoining the residence of Mr. Edmondson. PUBLICATION RECEIVED.—We have received the April number of the Gcclong Grammar School Quarterly, which contains several wellwritten sketches of general interest, besides the usual records of purely local school matters. BHEACH OF THE RAILWAY BY-LAWS.—At the police court yesterday a man named Lawrence Burke was charged with riding in a carriage on the railway without first paying his fare. The defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 5s. EASTER MONDAY AT JINDEEA.—A dav's sport got up at Jindera on Eister Monday by Mr. Bennett, the new proprietor of the Mill Hotel, proved very successful, a large number ot visitors attending from tho surrounding district, and all the events being well contested. OBTAINING MONEY UNDER FALSE PPE- TENOES.—Our Hillston correspondent writes as follows :—" Charles Watley, charged on warrant from Hay with obtaining money by means of a valueless cheque, has been arrested' here by Constables Sawtell and Jamieson." INTERCOLONIAL STOCK TRAFFIC.—We are indebted to the Victorian Inspector ot Stock at Wodonga for the following return of stock introduced into the colony of Victoria from New South Wales from the let January to the 3lBt March, 1884 :—Horses, 367 ; foals, 14 ; cattle, 3507 ; calves, 227 ; sheep, 31,779 ; pigs, 182. POLICE STATION WANTED.—The residents of Jindera have not yet been able to secure the establishment of a local police station, though it is urgently needed. Cases of petty theft are not uncommon (writes our correspondent), and but for the vigilance of Constable Downs, of Gerogery, the larrikins would prove an intolerable nuisance. To CORRESPONDENTS.—'"Edina."—'We are not aware that any professor of the science in question is resident in Albury. " J.T,". BiUr rumbuttock.—Tour land contains about 60 would be £62 10s. Several tanks particulars of which arrived too late for this issue will be calculated next week. THE HOLIDAYS.—On Good Friday services were held at St. Matthew's Church and at St. Patrick's. On Easter Monday the town was almost deserted, no local amusement of any kind having been provided to induce people to remain in Albury. A good many fishing and picnic parties were made up, and a large number of persons drove out to Bowna rnces. In the evening the new threatre was densely crowded. AGRICULTURE AT JINDERA.—We regret to learn from our local correspondent that the pastoral and agricultural prospects at Jindera are still most unsatisfactory. Last week a heavy thunderstorm passed over the district, but the rain was only trifling, and farmers are still prevented from ploughing by the hart state of the ground. Stock are falling oil rapidly in condition, and some cattle are, in fact, dying from want of water. " THE NEW THEATRE.—Mr. Manning and Mr. Edmonds, scenic artist, from Melbourne, have been hard at work for a week past inpreparing the new scenery for the theatre, and the public have since had an opportunity of seeing the result of their labors. The Bcenes produced include a very pretty landscape, an interior, a prison scene, aud a street, besides * number of wings, &c.; The work baa been very effectively performed, and rellecta much credit on all concerned. CRICKET : THE MANDELSON CUP.—A match was played on Saturday last between Wagga Wagga and Ad el on g for the Mandelson Cup. This cup was held for eome time by the Tumut cricketers, until recently the Adelong Cricket Club carried it off and received a challenge from Wagga Wagga. The match resulted in a victory for Wagga by one run, with three wickets to spare. The scoring on both sides was very email,. Hall for Wagga making the top score of the match with 19. TOTALTSATOR PEOSECUTION.—At the local police court on Wednesday last, a man named James DIXOQ was charged with committing a breach of the law with reference to gaming, by conducting a totalisator at the Bowna races on Easter Monday. The defendant pleaded guilty, but said he was ignorant of the law on the subject. The police did not press the charge, and as the defendant had been in custody for two days he was sentenced to be imprisoned until the rising of the court. NEW JOURNAL.—We have received the first number of ihe Southern Cross, a weekly journal published at Junee Junction. For a first production the issue before us is a very creditable one. The original matter is well written, and the extracts are carefully chosen and likely to be of interest to local readers; whilst the general arrangement is excellent, and the typography leaves very little to be desired. We wish our new contemporary all the success which it seems in a fair way of deserving. SERVICE OF SONG.—On Good Friday evening a service of song was successfully given in the Wesleyan Church, Bethanga, in aid of the Sunday- school library. About 200 persons attended. The service chosen was " The Babylonish Captivity," foretold by the prophet Jeremiah, xxv, from the 6th to the 12th verse. The readings and recitation* were given by the following boys attending the school :—Masters Wra. Lee®, E..Lces, J. C. Fonter, H. Lees, J. Culbert, R. Ox en ham, W. Harris, and W. C. Armstrong. BOWNA RACES.—The Easter Monday racemeeting at Bowna, as usual, was numerously attended, the Albury contingent alone representing almost a sufficient number to ensure the success of the gathering. The weather was hardly so favorable as could have been desired, heavy showers of rain falling at intervals during the afternoon. In other respects the meeting passed off very successfully, no hitch of any kind occurring to mar the harmony of the day's proceedings. A report of the results of the several events will be found in another column. WAX MATCHES.—A movement has been commenced by some of the Victorian Shire Councils with a view to secure the passing ofa law prohibiting the introduction into the colony of the wax matches now so generally used. It is conteuded that every year a large number of bush-fires aTe caused by the careless use of these matcheB, and that the danger would be materially reduced if what are known as "safety" matches were substituted for the ordinary vestas. A letter inviting co-operation in this movement was read at the meeting of the Wodonga Shire Council on Tuesday last, but no action was taken. BREAKING-up or A GANG OF HORSE- STEALERS.—A telegram from Queanbeyan ruus as follows:—"Another notorious gang ol horse- stealers from the Snowy River mountains have been successfully broken up by Senior-sergeant Cornett and Senior-constable Cade, of Michelago. Six valuable horses stolen from there and sold at Tarago have been recovered. One' of the offenders is in custody and the police are on the trail of the second, but are reticent of their movements at present. Both officers are deserving of the highest praise for the ability they displayed in the matter by thus cutting short the career of such pests to society." CHARGE OF VAGRANCY.—A woman giving the name of Alice M'Lelland was brought before the Bench on Wednesday, charged with vagrancy. Captain Battye, superintendent of police, deposed to having seen the defendant lifting the blind of a window of a house in Kiewa-street, where she had been hanging about all day; witness had handed her over to the custody of a constable. Constable Frith, lockup-keeper at Albury, deposed to having seen the prisoner searched, when two packs of cards were found upon her, the cards from certain marks upon them havingapparently been used for the purpose ot fortune-telling. The Bench ordered the defendant to be imprisoned for one week. SERIOUS ACCIDENTS.—We regret to learn that several accidents occurred at the Church of England picnic on Monday last. In one case a little boy named Hanna got some nasty scratches through the breaking of the limb of a tree to which a swing had been fixed. The most serious mishap occurred, however, in the evening, when the children were marching homeward. The procession, it appears, had reached the comer of Dean-street, when a horse ran out of a yard near the corner of Dean and Thurgoona streets, and rushed through the ranks, scattering tho children in all directions. Several children were more or leas scratched mid bruised—a little girl the daughter of Mr. A. Cass very seriously—but another little girl, C el?n m B t o M r- Wheeler, late of the Townhall Hotel, was even more seriously injured. "ADSTHALIAK HANDBOOK." -We have received from Messrs. Gordon and Gotch a copy of the Australian Bankbook for 1884, which shows considerable improvement upon its predecessors, notwithstanding their excellence. The Handbook is in its fifteenth year, and is a solid volume ot 325 pages, forming not only a directory and guide-book, but a complete history of Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, Fiji, and New Guinea, the information concerning which latter place is brought up to date from the most recent records of exploration. The map index in the present volume has been considerably expanded, and shows the latitude and longitude of cities, towns, and centres of population in all the colonies. Other new features have been added, and the work is invaluable for reference. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—3000 merino wethers from PomiDgalarna to Woodstock, G. H. M. Collins owner; 1300 merino wethers from Pomingalarna to Jindera, C. Westendorf owner; 700 merino wethers from Pomingalarna to Goonambil, J. A. M'Geoch owner; 1200 merino wethers from Culcairn to Sydney, C. F. Frauenfelder owner; 7500 merino wethers from Kildary to Victoria, W. Cunningham owner; 1200 merino ewes from Yarrtra to Albury, J. and W. Armstrong owners ; 160 mixed sheep from Victoria to Albury, Polmear owner ; 50 fat cattle from other districts to Albury market, various owners ; 30 fat cattle from Victoria to Albury market, various owners ; COO mixed store cattle from Dungog to Victoria, Mnckay Bros, owners ; 870 store cattle from Young to Victoria, Mackenzie Bros, owners. UPPER MURRAY MAIL SERVICES.—We have received a number ot' complaiats from residents in the Upper Murray district with regard to the highly inconvenient arrangements for the conveyance of mails on the Victorian side of the river. As affording a fair idea of the grievance complained of, we append the substance of one letter, a3 follows :—"Hardly a month passes but there is a change, causing inconvenience and trouble. A letter seut to Melbourne from any point of the river above Bethanga, cannot be answered in less than nine days. A letter sent from Grauya on Friday remains at Betbanga all night, and gets to Wodonga in time for the last train to Melbourne on Saturday. It is delivered on Monday morning, say at a Melbourne office, whence a reply may be posted the same day in time for the afternoon train. As, however, the Upper Murray coach leaves Wodonga at midday on Monday, the letter bas to remain at the Wodonga office till the following Saturday. Why should the Government or the mail contractors serve us in this way when we pay for a twice-a-week service THE ROWING CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD. —A meeting of the friends and supporters of William Beach was held last Tuesday night at Punch and Deeble's Hotel, Sydney, for the purpose of objecting to Beach rowing on the Nepeau River for the championship of the world, and claiming that the proper place to row was on the established champion course on the Farramalta River. There was a large attendance, and Mr. F. Thomas was voted to the chair. A motion was proposed by Mr. W. Coonan—" That the race for the championship of the world between. Beach and Han lan be rowed on the Parramatta River, and that a committee be formed of the whole, of the supporters and backers of Beach for the promotion of this object." This was seconded by Mr. J. D. Young, and on being put to the meeting was carried unauimously. Mr. Maurice Greenwall, the representative of Edward Hanhn, then entered the room, and on being called upon stated that Hanlan would row William Beach or any one whom the committee liked to bring forward, on the Parramatta River or any course they chose, for a stake of illOOl) a-side, aud asked the committee to at ouce settle the question. Ultimately it was decided to defer the matter until Tuesday evening next at the aame place, when arrangements will be made for a match for £500 a-side, the race to take place on the Parramatta River. ALBURY WATER SUPPLY.—The following communication bas been received by Mr. Lyoe "Department of Public Works, Syd- ney, 5th April, 1884. Sir,—Referring to the interview of the gentlemen forming the deputation which waited upon the Secretary for Public Works in reference to the Albury water supply, I am directed to enclose for your information a copy of the report of the Engiueer-in-Chief for Harbors and Rivers on the subject.—I have the honor,&C.;, JOHN RAE." "Albury Water Supply.—Tenders havealready been invited for the engine and boiler house, to be opened on the 22nd April, aud tenders will be immediately invited for laying the pipes for bringing the water into town, the pipes being now ready at Albury. But as regards the detailed reticulation in the streets, the policy of the late Minister for Works, Mr. Lackey, was that it would be better to leave this part of the works to the various municipalities to determine vrhat degree of reticulation they would have, and to defray the cost of such reticulation themselves. In several cases, however, the municipalities have expressed a wish to have the Government undertake the matter, and I am now getting out estimates of the cost. Newcastle is taking steps to carry out its own reticulation, but Albury, Wagga Wagga, Goulburn, and Batburet ask the Government to do it for them. When the estimates are ready I will report further to the Minister.—E. *0. MORIARTY. 26 | 3 | 84." PRESBYTERIAN SUNDAY- SCHOOL.—The annual picnic iu connection with the Presbyterian Sunday-school took place, as usual, on Good Friday, and the weather hiring fine, proved in every way successful. The children mustered at half-past 8 o'clock at the Manse, whence a start was made at 9 o'clock for Bungowannah Park> in coacheB kindly lent by Mr. J. Lloyd, and driven by Messrs. J. M'Eachem and A. MTSachern, another provided and driven by Mr. Watson, and a number of private conveyances courteously placed at the disposal of the committee by different members of the congregation. A little more than an hour sufficed to land the children and a good many adult friends at Bungowannah, where a hearty day's sport, including footracing, swinging, croquet, cricket, &c.;, was enjoyed by all. The whole of the visitors, to the number of several hundreds, were hospitably entertained at dinner and tea by Mr. and Mrs. Grieve, and at the close of the day a number of prizes provided by the committee lor the victors in the different contests were distributed to the winners by Miss Grieve. Amongst the visitors were the Rev. J. Henry and Mrs. Henry, and Messrs. Grant and Maclure, who had the organisation of the whole affiir. Before leaving tbe ground hearty votes of thanks were curried to Messrs. Lloyd, Watson, and M'E-ichern for their assistance in the matter of conveying the party to the scene of the day's outing, to Messrs. Maclure and Grant for their management of the pporls, and especially to Mr. and Mrs. Grieve for their kindness and hospitality. The party started from home about sundown, and reached Albury at dusk, breaking up with three hearty cheers. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY. —We have received a copy of the annual report of the Australian Mutual Provident Society to be presented at tbe thirty-fifth annual meeting, to be held in Sydney on tbe 23rd iu*t. The report tends to show that tbe progress of tbe society during the past twelve months has been even greater than in previous y»>arf, tbe record of new business being unequalled in magnitude in the history of the society. During the twelve months ending 31st December, 1883, there have been received 10,892 proposals, for sums amounting to £3,883,373, of which 3263 were declined, withdrawn, or not completed, amounting to £1,305,050; leaving 7G29 proposals accepted and completed, assuring ^2,577,723. This bnsiuew includes 222 uon-participating policies, assuring £(33,052. The new premiums amount to £94,189 9?. 5d., of which £SS22 10.1. 2d. represents single payments. Claims have arisen under 417 lile policies by the de*th of 375 members, amounting to £198,323 12*., includiug £23,173 12s. for bonus additions. Forty-nine endowment assurances have also matured, amounting to £20,059 18s., including £5,786 18s. for bonus additions. The accumulated fund has been increased bv £.">75,129 91., and now amounts to £4,924,713 8d. Tbe year just terminated murks the close of the seventh quinquennium of the society's existence, and tbe directors congratulate the members on the extraordinary progress which bas been made during lliat period. The actuary ia now engaged in the valuation of the liabilities of the society as at 31st December last. As soon as these have been ascertained the surplus will be divided among the members with all possible speed. In conformity with the alterations iu the hy-laws, confirmed and fiually passed ou the 10th January, 18S3, subsequent distributions will be made yearly. ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL.—A special meeting of this body was bcli on Thursday evening, 10th inst., the members present being the Mayor and Alderman Thnrold, Scanlan, Lamport, Eduiondson, and Wallder. The Mayor explained that the meeting bad been convened to consider certain representations made by Mr. Nugle, tbe Council's solicitor, with reference to the action pending between tbe Council and Mr. Johnson. He thought it would be better to appoint a committee to deal with the subject. Aldermau Scanlan was of opinion that the question ahould be dealt with iu Committee of tbe Whole, and moved a resolution that it should be so considered. Alderman Lamport seconded the motion. Alderman Thorold moved as an amendment that a committee be appointed consisting of the Mayor and Alderman Billion, and that they should have full control. He had spoken with rel'ereuce to the action in question at the last election, and had then pointed out that in his opinion the matter was one which should be fought at every point. It seemed to him that advantage had been takeu of the Couucil, and that the Council should take Ihe same course and fight the battle out. Hitherto, whenever the Council bad been involved in a lawsuit, they had exposed every move, and he did not consider that was fighting an action at all. It would be better to appoint two of their number and give them full control. The amendment was not seconded. Alderman Scanlan said that by hi* motion the thing could be settled at OUCP. Alderman Thorold moved a further amendment to the effect that the full power be given to the Council's solicitor to act as he thought best in tbe matter. Alderman Lamport said tbe Council might as well hear what counsel's opinion was. The amendment was not se conded, aud the motion was put and carried. L Before going into committee, formal authority was given for affixing the seal of the Council to certain deeds regarding an exchange of land with Mr a. Jones. The Council then went into committee. THE BARRY DRAMATIC COMPANY.—The dramatic company now perlormiug at th<* uew theatre under the management of Messrs. Birry and Macmahon, is undoubtedly the strongest that has ever visited Albury. The season commenced on Monday night, when the piecc given was "Tho Irish D<? tec live," a drama written specially with a view to uflV»d Mr. Grattan Riggs an opportunity of giving in the one play a number of different impersonations.; The plot of the drama is of the simplest pos- sible character. A merchant's clerk having experienced heavy gambling losses, determines to rob his employer, and whilst in the act of rifling the safe is surprised by his master, whom he murders. Ju6t as the murder is completed another person comes in, who, stooping down to examine tbe bod}', gets slightly marked with blood, and is accused of being the murderer, his principal accuser being the man who actually committed the crime. The wronglyaccused person narrowly escapes conviction, aud devotes his life thencelorth to the discovery of the real murderer, in which task he secures the help of a detective who believes in his innocence. In order to collect evidence against tbe man he suspects, tbe detective adopts various devices to get at close quarters with his quarry, and it is in this ibat the principal interest of the play centres. Mr. Grattan Riggs made a very favorable impression on the audience, bis several charactersketches being exceedingly spirited and lifelike. His impersonation of the excitable Hibernian anxious to fasten a quarrel upon anybody with whom he comes in contact whilst under the influence of liquor, was a very clever performance. The German glazier was a very characteristic sketch ; and tbe elderly negro was also true to the lile. Perhaps the best of the series, however, was the portraiture of the Irish apple-woman, which was a very photograph of a type familiar enough to all persons acquainted with the streets of London or New York. Mr. Den. Barry as the heavy villain of tbe drama was quite at home, though he bad scarcely so large a part as in the pieces which have most frequently brought him face to face with an Albury audience. Mr. Searle, one of the best " old meu" on the colonial stage, had still 5ess to do, being disposed of in the first scene. Mr. Manning acquitted himself very creditably in a light comcdy part, and Mr. Norman in tbe character of Hoyte was ail that could be desired. Mr. Herbert, who has re- joined tbe compauy, played the part of a ruffian ol tiie " Bill Sykcs" type, and it need hardly be said plaj'ed it to perfection. The return of Mr. Herbert adds very materially to ihe strength of the troupe. With reference to the ladies' parts, very little need be said. Miss Melrose in the leading business was well received, and Miss MostyD, who is unquestionably the best soubrettc we have seen in any travelling company, was, as usual, greeted witii a hearty round of applause the moment she entered. The new Fcenery was used for Ihe first time on this occasion, and was much admired. Tbe beauty of one landscape in particular was so heartily appreciated tbat the progress of the piece had to be delayed until the scenic artist—Mr. Edmonds—had come forward and bowed his acknowledgment of the applause. The theatre was densely crowded, ana over fifty persons had to stand during the entire performance, whilst others were unable to gain admission at all. The lighting of the stage was a good deal better than at the opening of the theatre, though in this respect there is still room for improvement, as there is not enough from the footlights and too much from the body ot the hall. The acoustic properties of the building are still faulty, it being extremely difficult to catch tbe words of tbe actors. On Tuesday night " The Irish Detective " was replaced by " Shin Fane," aud the piece has since been varied every evening. "Theperformancethiseveninghas ueensetapart for a complimentary benefit to Mr. Grattan Riggs, under the patronage of the leading residents of the town. A double programme has been prepared for the occasion, Mr. Riggs being announced to appear in two of bis great specialties. The performance will c mimence with tbe very pretty domestic Irish drama entitled " The Emigrant," with Mr. Ri^gft iu his great part of '"Tim O'Brien, the emigrant," as played by him with immense success all over America and the Australian colonies. The piecc is oil through full of amuBing, touching, and highly interesting episodes, and gives Mr. Riggs ample opportunity to exhibit bis rare abilities as an oxponeut of Irish character. The performance will conclude with the brilliant farcical Irish comedy founded on Lover's famous novel entitkd "Handy Andy," with Mr. Riggs, of course, in the cbaractcr of the blundering hero. To-morrow (Saturday) night Mr. Riggs and company make tbeir last appeal - auce here, in the great Irish sensation drama "The Colleen Bawn." DENTISTRY.—Mr. Hall visits Albury on 15'h May. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of tbe principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this issue :— Mr. J. Bruce, Victoria Hotel, Narandera ; Tintaldra races 16ih Mcy ; Mr. Forsyth is felling off large lot of goods cheap for cash at Germanton ; meeting of Germanton P. and A. Society on 30:h April; Mr. W. Smithers, saddler, Walbundrie; J. Byrne applies for publican's licence ; Messrs. It. Gibson and Co. sell store cattle at Wodonga 25th inst.; Mr. Strickland sells land 2(ith inst.; opening of St. Saviour's Catheilial 2!)th inst.; Mr. Steel sells furniture 25th Apiil ; Messrs. Phillips and C.i, sell blool stock to-morrow ; Me.~sr.--. J. H. Gray and Co., sell fat stock on Wednesday ; sports at Devene's Hotel to-mcrrow ; tenders invited for woiks ; Messrs. Ein^ and Co. tell lailwnv plant on 2nd May; Mes«rf. Watts and M'Bem sell stock at Emu Plains 29:h inst.; tenders for works wanted liy Towong and Wodonga Shires j Mr. W. J. Jones, agent for Syduey factory ; Collier and Lnvrence, saddlns, Tallangatta; Messrs. C. L. Griffith aud Co. sell 100 horses 30th April; Mr. Steel sells Mr. Echlin's stock-in- trade to-day ; Me'sre. Trebeck and Sons have store bullocks for sale. 