TUMBARTJMBA. MONDAY, January 28. Like unto other spots, we have had a sharp turn of hot weather, even reading up to as high as llOdeg.; but thank goodness a few days brought the temperature down to 50deg., so we still exist. The bush-fires have been very extensive and did considerable damage, but the change of weatber brought the desired rain, which speedily checked one of the best of servants but worst of masters. The Stray Leaves Dramatic Company have >aid us a visit, playing two nights to fair louses. Mr. Holterman, M.F. for St. Leonards, has also given us a look up. I hear his visit is in connection with some important mining matters, which ere long I hope will cause a considerable stir in our locality. The chief topic of local interest that gives vent for freely outspoken opinion is the matter in connection with the plan now adopted in the alteration of our main street drain. It appears that some years ago the authorities in whom the power was vested thought that a grand chance presented itself to attempt to solve a deep problem that has in past centuries Dazzled the Pharaohsand the Egyptians—King Solomon and all his learned Hebrews, together with all the profound scholars and wise men of the East, not forgetting the great Confucius and grand Buddha, and which also proved too much for Archimedes, was passed by Sir Isaac Newton, and given best by John woods aud other eminent engineering authorities-^-namely, that of making water run up- hill; -consequently the works were undertaken.;fTh^Uticlpated results, however, did not come up lib'"the expected success,butanyhowanimprovementtook place, so somebody rejoiced, ana our street was spoilt by a deep ditch that was a fcbti-send to dealers in sticking-plaster. But etill it had its uses, because these persons who did not know the history of that cutting fondly hoped thatjit was but a prelude to the advent of our railway, beingfully convinced when wickedly tpld by the older residents that it was done by order of cbe Railway Department when making a survey. But at last it was resolved to alter matters, so now the Department are taking up.(he channelling, and then carefully relaying U on a slightly altered grade. This may be all right and the correct thing to do, but our Progress Committee think otherwise, so the dispute waxes warm, and how it will end I cannot surmise. What I would suggest, however, is that the drain be filled up and the surface water allowed to find its own level. The want of a land office is much felt, and it is high time that the oft-repeated request to have one be complied with. . * . Three fiknights of the hammer" have started in business here. The Glenroy and Rosewood Progress Committee held their usual monthly meeting at Woodhouse's Hotel on Saturday afternoon, 26th January. Present—Messrs. Levis (in the chair), Woodhouse, Florance, and Bullock (hon. sec.). The election of officers for the ensuing year was postponed until the next meeting. It was resolved to write to the member relating to the bridge at Greg Greg, to have it placed where pointed out by the deputation—at Daly's; also to the inspector of school buildings, asking that the Rosewood school house be completed and the ground fenced. Some other routine business, was transacted, and the meeting closed. At the court of petty sessions, before Mr. Makinson, P.M., and Messrs. Robt. M'Micking and Thomas Mate, J's.P., William Murray was summoned by Constable Werfect for using profane language, and was fined 5s., with 6s. 6d. costs. James Crampton, summoned by Constable Bulmer for careless use of Are, by throwing a sack which had caught alight close to the police stables, and leaving same before it was properly extinguished, pleaded guilty, but stated that the fire was out. Fined 10s. with cost ot witness (15s.) and costs of court (10s.), or three days' imprisonment. , The fine was paid. William Loveridge, bailiff, was summoned by Constable Bulmer for keeping three unregistered dogs. Defendant pleaded guilty, but said he had registered one and killed the other two. Fined 30s. and co?te (63. 6d). On tbe small debts side the 'following cases were disposed of:—J. Broadhurst v. Charles Heinecke, claim for £10 damages for assault and slander. After a very patient hearing the Bench, in the face of the conflicting evidence, dismissed the case. J. Broadhurst v. James Sparks, detention of property. Settled out of court. At the Licensing Court District Inspector Donaldson's report was read. William Metcalf applied for a publican's license for a bouse at Jingellic East. The application was refused, as there had been three refusals during the previous three years. John Levy, of the Golden Cross Hotel, Welaregang, applied tor .a reduction of his license lee from J30 to £15 ; granted. Messrs. H. G. Pennycook, H. Adams, and S. C. Knott applied for special auctioneers' licenses, which were .all granted. A. Lukins, Tooma, applied for a hawker's license, which was granted. 