[?] ("By Comas,) THINGS POLITICAL Have got a bit livelier during the last few days; I and those electioneering warhorses who are j thoroughly at home in the polling booth and upon i the hustings rub their hands with glee, for they ! scent battle not afar off'. And, as wo know, "battle "(in a Parliamentary sense) is to them synonymous with big fat purses and fat big cheques. iiiiu, speaumg aoouL rat, i may say mar in rue present case the fat was thrown into the fire by Aludgeo Taylor, who was the first to find out that the Alinister of Education (Air. G. II. Reid), and Air. F. B. Suttor, anil sundiy other members of the Legislative Assembly, are not members of the House at all, but had got in by a fluke, or a flaw, or something of that sort. Yon all know that a Validating Bill was at once introduced by the Government to legalise these illegal elections, that the Bill was passed through the lower House in one day, and that it was sent to the Council, where it has been foolishly allowed to stand over until Thursday next. Meanwhile Air. Suttor (one of the " illegal" members) announced his determination to go before his constituents for re-election. This action upon the part of an Opposition member caused quite a flutter in the Government dovecots ; and the flutter was intensified when Sir John Robertson, oil Thursday night, asked whether it was the Premier's intention to declare Air. Sutter's seat vacant, in accordance with the finding of the Elections and Qualifications Committee. The Pre mier answered in the negative. Then Sir John ! buckled to the task himself. The Premier tried to i argue that, as the Validating Bill had passed the Assembly, anil gone to the Council, it wasn't com petent for the House to deal with the matter. The Speaker took the opposite view, and the Opposi tion " chaffed " the Alinisters by declaring that Air. Reid (who holds the Education portfolio) is afraid to solicit re-election for East Sydney, where he was formerly " eock of the walk while Air. Suttor is prepared to undergo the ordeal at Batli- urst, where he was returned at the last election by a majority of only 16 votes. It is contended that it would be unfair to send Air. Reid before the electors of East Sydney after the financial scheme of the Government has been published ; because taxation proposals which touch the people's pockets always make a Government unpopular. However, the Alinistry suffered a most unmistakable defeat over the motion : for they could poll only 29 votes to Sir John's 33. This is ominous. The "inner brotherhood " tells me that the Stuart crowd is doomed, and that before many more moons elapse the present Premier and his myrmidons will see their Budget and Land Bill ripped to pieces, and oil vUiiii tiii out) iicim, >> l uii uiictu uuy iVLuuuu Taylor assisting him. " Hooroo " cries the vulgar rabble, panting for a first-class sensation in the shape of a general election. But let me whisper that Stuart and Co. arc too fond of the insolence of office and its perquisites to be much annoyed at a defeat like this. They will cling to the portfolios at the risk of everything else. That's very plain to the most casual observer. Suttor, of course, now goes to Bathurst to woo his constituents onee more. As for Reid, there's a slight difficulty. Under the Constitution Act, he, being still a Alinis ter of the Crown , can't be declared by the Governor to be capable of re-election. Therefore, if he re signs his seat, or if the Assembly declares his seat vacant, he will be shut out from the Assembly. The only thing he can do is to wait until the Vali dating Bill is passed. Then he'll be at liberty either to retain his seat, or to go before his consti tuents for re-election. Last evening the Premier read a letter from Reid, refusing to take advantage of the Validating Bill, pointing out that, being a Minister, it would be impossible for him to appear before his constituents, and asking the Premier to move, when the bill shall become law, that his (Reicl's) seat he declared vacant. An animated de bate ensued ; but nothing came of it except a bright little interlude ill which David Buchanan and Wisdom, the barristers, were the bright par ticular stars. This affair will be found reported upon further down. Altogether, "things is a little mixed," as Garden Honey observed, in ad dressing his ardent admirers — the newsboys — upon the situation yesternight. And we've got to thank mr. a. g. taylor for it all. Taylor is assuredly one of the shrewdest and cleverest men in the House. Anil, if he lives, he is sure to take a very active part in the Govern ment of the colony yet. The working men worship him here ; and you all know how he's revered hi Aludgee. The other night, the " horny handed " sons of toil 'acid an open-air meeting to agitate against assisted immigration. Some temperate speeches were delivered, and about 3000 citizens assembled to hear them. Ultimately, it was de cided that a deputation from the meeting should proceed to the Parliament House and hand a peti tion upon the subject (signed by 7000 persons) to Air. A. G. Taylor, for presentation to the House. Five delegates headed the mass, and they all marched to the "talking shop," in Alaequarie- street, which, consequently, was blocked against traffic for some time. A halt was made at the House, where groans were given for the Premier, and other alleged foes of the working classes. Air. Taylor gladly consented to comply with the re quest of the delegates. Upon re-entering the As sembly chamber, he looked rather pale from sup pressed emotion of some kind ; and Air. W. R. Camp bell, the member for the Gwydir, was noticed to sway uueasily in his seat. Taylor then fairly crashed the Campbell by telling the House that the latter had, in the hearing of the five delegates, 'called them "a dirty b y lot." Air. Campbell 7 jumped up, and expressed contrition for the crimson language, but not for the sentiment. He had, in fact, the bad taste to declare that he should stick "Ito his opinion that the " persons " in question are " a lazy, loafing lot." Tliis, of course, only aggra vated the original offence ; and Abigail, AI'Elhone, Cameron, and Alelville, as usual, joyfully seized the opportunity of spreading the jam thickly on the working man. The fire of virtuous indignation blazed fiercely for some time, and in the end the f petition was ordered to he received. And now Taylor's a more popular man than ever. He has the working men at his back, and he has most cer tainly supplanted Mr. G. H. Reid in the affections of 'the young Australian party here. If Taylor contested East Sydney with Reid to: morrow, the former would beat the latter into " smithereens." Such is fame ! Taylor, however, wouldn't fight against Reid, although they're diametrically op posed to each other in politics. Taylor is a giant, mentally as well as physically ; and he fully appre ciates that noble sentiment — O , it is excellent j To have a giant's strength ; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant. t that land bill, in the midst of all this excitement over side issues, is being quite neglected by our legislators, who ; have had little relish for that important measure j during this week. It is being considered in com- ,, mittee, but only clause 7 has been reached. And, August, I fear, would hardly sec it out of com- i mitteo. There are so many slips 'twixt the cup a and the lip, you know. What will happen in our political world before August? Echo answers — i What? As a "sundowner" in the Bourke baek- blocks recently observed — Conscience does make cowards of ns all. Certainly the Cabinet has supp'il full of horrors (political), hut it has hardly Forgot tlie tasto of fears. I'm very sorry to say that Mr. Stuart isn't so strong and so popular as he was half a year ago. the woolloomooloo outrage Has cropped up once more. Yesterday, three youths, named Albert Laliiffe, Joseph Mayers, and Alfred Barker, were charged in the Water Police Court with having been concerned with 'various other ruffians in having caused the death of that poor waif, Elizabeth Phillips, who was found, some weeks ago, outraged to death in classic Woolloo- mooloo. The court was crammed with the un savoury hut great unwashed, and you can, there fore/easily believe me when I say that one could have cut the foetid atmosphere with a knife. It will ho remembered that the three savages, Kings bury, Williams, and Connors, are awaiting their trial for the crime. Since his committal, ELings- 3 bury has made sensational disclosures, which' affect Wiiliains and the trio brought up yesterday, and j also another blackguard not now ill custody. The , evidence was of a most revolting nature, and the presiding magistrate asked that it should not ho " published in the newspapers until after the case 1 had been disposed of. The ease was parti v heard, L and then adjourned until Thursday next. B it this I terrible sensation paled its ineffectual fires coin- i pletely last evening when the Kenning Aews came out with a third edition, detailing a gross and un precedented irregularity which had been committed within the precincts of the House. a most exciting scene Was witnessed in the ante-room of the Assembly and in the Assembly itself on Friday afternoon dur ing the debate upon Air. G. H. Reid's letter to the Premier re the Validating Bill, and the projected election in East Sydney. The scene was not only exciting, hut disgraceful and deplorable. The great David Buchanan, while bespattering himself with much self-glorification, and paving the way for a free "ad." for himself in all the newspapers in the land, went out of his way to malign and abuse Air. Wisdom, the ex-Attorney-Gencral. Both "gentlemen " left the Chamber shortly after ward ; and sounds of a regular shindy were heard. Alembers rushed out en masse, and found that Wis dom had raised a big lump on Buchanan's left check -bone. Not only was Da vid's personal ap pearance put out of shape, but his character was also aspersed ; for Wisdom called his " learned brother " a " condemned" liar and a " sanguinary" scoundrel. David retorted with " You're another," and then floored Wisdom. Some of the furniture was broken in the fierce straggle. The two men (?) were quickly separated. Wisdom was induced to retire into the Opposition room. And David ap plied St. Jacob's Oil to his phiz. As soon as order had been restored in the House the galleries were cleared ; and the Premier moved that Wisdom should he called upon to attend in the House upon Tuesday next to answer the charge of breach of privilege. Aludgee Taylor justified Wisdom's action on account of the provocation which the latter received from Buchanan. The motion was agreed to. David subsequently appeared in the Chamber with a damaged countenance ; but "Wis dom didn't return to his place in the House. This act of sacrilege will have, indeed, to he severely dealt with. Our legislators are going from bad to worse, and the next thing we may look for is AL'Elhone rushing at Dan O'Connor with a bowie knife, or shooting Aludgee Taylor with a "pinfire" revolver — 10 paces off. the sporting world In Sydney was convulsed the other day when it became known that the Hon. James White, AI.L.G., chairman of the Australian Jockey Club, had been lined £20 in the police court for a breach of the Betting Act. " An honest tale speeds best, being plainly told." So let me he honest, plain, and withal brief in what I tell about this extraordinary aff air. Davis, a bookmaker, was prosecuted by the chairman of the A. J. C. for having broken a by law of the club. In fact, Davis carried on the business of hookmaking within the St. Leger re serve at Randwick, without having been approved of by the committee.;/ The Stipendiary dismissed the information, for he held that the Jockey Club hasn't the power to make sncli a by-la-v. Air. White was then obliged to change places with Air. Davis, who had laid an information against the chairman of the club for having allowed the St. > Leger reserve to be used for betting purposes. It was, of course, clearly shown that cash and ticket betting had been carried on there, although the committee of the Jockey Club disapproved of the practice. The offence was held to have been proved, and Air. White was mulcted in twenty sovereigns. Very naturally, both decisions- have lie en appealed against ; and now it is left for the Supreme Court to "sit upon" the matter. The by-law in question was made under the authority of a statute, was duly submitted to the Colonial Secretary, and published in the Gazette , with an official note to the effect that it hadn't been disal lowed. This was the proper course for the club to take : and if the by-law be repugnant to the Bet- ' ting Act, why wasn't that " twigged " by the At torney-General and the Colonial Secretary ? The Betting Act of 1S76 is nearly an exact copy of the Imperial Act upon the same subject. In England therefore, hookmaking has been legalised in the same way as it has been here. If the Stipendiary's decision be right, then the St Leger reserve can he treated by the police as a common gaming house ; and they may arrest all persons who may be found therein, whether betting or not. This is nice ! Some foolish people here think that, as a sequel to this fining affair, the Colonial Treasurer should be arraigned at the bar for producing such an ob noxious Budget, and sentenced to ten or twenty years' imprisonment. THE POLICE COURT Has furnished forth two items which call for some comment at my hands. A philanthropical young man, who showed that he has a soft head as well as a soft heart, inquired in the Central Police Court a few days ago whether a serious case in which a personal friend of his, who is under re mand, is implicated, couldn't be "squared." The officials were obliging enough to inform him that to compound % felony is a crime of the first water. Various other little pleasantries passed, and the simple fellow finally filed out into the street, hav ing resolved to sacrifice his friend at the alter of retribution and justice. What a nice intelligent juryman this nice young man would make upon say a Supreme Court libel case ! Nugget No. 2 rans as follows : A youth with liis capvt abnor mally swollen was charged on Thursday with " having used obscene language in a public place." He pleaded not guilfy, and made a counter accu sation of assault against the "Robert" who ran him in. The constable was a little fierce at this impudent attempt to turn the tables, and he cross- examined the turnip-headed young man, whom he asked to say how many times he (Turnip Top) had been before the court. "Only twice," glibly re plied the guileless youth, ' ' once for obstructing the footpath, and once on account of a family matter." " When was it ye shtruckthe man on the head with a knife ?" inquired the blue-coated one. "That was the family affair," readily answered the cornstalk. Tableau and climax ! What a grand " capting " this raw specimen of native disingenu- ousness would make for the salvation army ! In telling you that Frank Warden, the revival preacher, was fined 40s the other day for having luul the impertinence to travel in a Newcastle steamer without having paid his fare, I may as well add the item that our Salvation Army of re vivalists had quite a "field da!y" here' last Satur day (Anniversary Day.) Abont 500 of the war riors and " warrioresses " marched in procession through our chief streets, being headed by their very strong band of instrumentalists, among whom, by the way, were a fe'alc fiddler quite a mob of gM- tamboufiuIsts'in "mob" bonnets. c (And, in passing, I may remark that "brass " predomi nates muchly among the members of the band.) In front of all rode upon superb chargers, which many a Glen Innes boy would envy, two of the " hossifers" of the army in gay and brightly-coloured uniforms. All along the line members of the " harmy " bore aloft banners of a loud and exceedingly " rich " de sign ; auil while the hand played and the army sang in unison, 1 couldn't help being reminded very forcibly of some ecclesiastical processions which I had seen in the old world in the happy days of old — in those bright, golden, innocent days, when I had little idea that I should ever he " bul- locking " upon the Australian Press for a liveli hood. Ah, well, as dear old Shakespeare says, There's a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them hoy/ we will. But, apart from personal grievances, that Salva tion Army is doing good work among the lowest classes here, and the same may be said of the con tingents in Alelboume ami Adelaide. THE THEATRES Did a roaring trade and reaped golden harvests on Anniversary night. The Opera House was crowded, and the grand performance of the Alajeronis in that powerful society drama, yclept "Jealousy," was marred at frequent intervals by the " gods," who curiously enough, arc — in the Opera House — rele gated to the pit. But the yellow- liaived Alouty Browne, the ex -pressman and present indefatigable pilot . and business agent for the Alajeronis, rectified that little contretemps by raising the pit price to two shillings, anil thus making that haunt of the larrikin play -goer a little more select than it usually is. Signer and Signora Majeroni played splendidly, and showed unmistakeahly that they have made marked progress in their art since their visit to Sydney seven years ago. They have also a clever company, who materially assist in making the piece a boom. Crowded houses have likewise been the order of the day (or night) at the Gaiety, where Victor Alasse's opera of "Paul and Virginia" has been most favourably received by the musical euthusiasts of Sydney. Aliss Annis Alontagu and Mr. Charles Turner play the title-parts with their usual well-known ability ; while Aliss E. Sherwin, and Messrs. Verdi anil Joe Gordon sing in their customary A 1 style. The Theatre Royal still at tracts with the pantomime ; but probably by the time this letter is in type it will have gone the way of all pantomimes, and be numbered with the deni zens of shadow-land. "Struck Oil," with J. C. Williamson and Aliss Alaggie Aloore, will be the next production at the Royal, anil it is bound to draw as well as ever it did before. Chiarini's circus appears to be the favourite resort of amusement- lovers just now ; it is crammed every night. And all this testifies that, despite the bush-fires and the deplorable drought in the country districts, the residents of the metropolis have as ranch spare cash as ever wherewith to patronise the sundry shows wbieh sparkle amid the nocturnal gloom of this lovely but sin-stained city. . miscellanea. The Anglicans are making ready to welcome in good old English fashion their new Bishop, Dr.; Barry. A colonist, who is on a visit to the old country just now, says that Dr. Barry is a perfect: loadstone. Wherever he goes he draws crowded congregations, such as Dr. Ellis used to do in St. Andrew's Cathedral in Sydney. 'Tfs rumoured that the Dean of Sydney (Dr. Cowpety will resign after the installation of the new Bishop ; for, as everybody knows, broad and narrow can't go in har ness together. Touching Dr. Ellis, I am pleased to hear that he has taken unto himself a wife j but I'm sorry to learn that she's about 40 years younger than he is. However, she has lots of " tin," and hails from Darling Point ; so that Ellis won't ob ject much to her age,- seeing that he gets wealth and aristocratic connections thrown in with " sweet seventeen." Anniversary Day passed off quietly. The weather was grand all day ; and the three big events (regatta, horse races, and cricket match) were well patronised. Some thunder showers fell in the evening, and sent home numbers of holiday-makers in an exceedingly bedraggled state of person, and an excessively irate state of mind. But there was little or no rowdyism any where. There was, however, far too much "spout ing" among the "numbers av Parliamint" at the luncheon aboard the flagship at the national re gatta. The AI'Elhone is going to merrie Eng land shortly with his solicitor, Mr. John Al'Laugh- liu, ALL. A., to see that the Judges "twig" pro perly his appeal to the Privy Council re the Browne will case. We can well spare the " rough diamond," and we wish the old country joy of him. Let him beware of his tongue while in the precincts of the great law " shanties " in the modern Babylon. It won't take much for an English Judge to commit John for contempt of court. And let him, during the voyage across the herring-pond, try to commit to memory those lovely lines — A man -who bears without abase The grand old naxie el gentleman ; Defiled by every charlatan. And soiled with an ignoble use. I don't say that this verse can apply to The M'EI- . hone ; but he should try to improve his- way3 dur ing his absence from us, so that we could all wel come him upon his return as "a regular' Austra lian gentleman." That Gmiclagai Australian gentleman, Air. James Dean, who was flogged the other day for gross indecency in George-street, was " had up " at tlie Quarter Sessions yesterday for an indecent assault, and sentenced to six months' se questration. And that other gentleman, James Magner, wno was noggeq at tne same time tor an unprovoked and most brutal attack upon a China man, has been " sent up " for having assaulted a. tar named Tom Doyle with intent to commit a- felony. Magner was sullenly defiant in court. He seemed to think lie is an ill-used man. But he did'nt consider how abominably he had beaten the Chinky, and hour grossly he had assaulted and how cunningly he had tried to rob the sailor. Probably he'll now have a little time to chew the cud e4 re flection within the precincts of Mr. Read's Big. Stone Jug. After four days of it, the cricket. match (Australian Eleven v. Fifteen of New South Wales) ended in a draw. This comes of playing each innings upon a fresh wicket. Something must, indeed, be done to check this tall scoring, which is so much in vogue nowadays. Either play the match upon one wicket, or add a fourth stamp- to each end. But, Sir, this ' ' draw" reminds me that 1 must now draw the stumps so far as my epistle is concerned ; for, as your eagle eye will at once perceive, I've exceeded the amount of space which you are pleased to allot to my hebdomadal lucubrations. Sydney, Saturday, February 2nd. 