GR0NG GRONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Since my last we have had " hoggins" of rain. It came down in bucketfuls. Tanks were filled, dams overflowed, and in many cases embankments were carried away, whilst fences—both brush and chock-and-log—were washed away indiscriminately. After it was over we ascertained tbat Gin. of rain had been registered, and now we have a nice spring in the grass ; in fact it is like spring about here, as everywhere the country has put on a green coat. Since the heavy downpour of the 24th and 25th January we have had some tearfully hot weather and duBt storms until Friday night, the 6th inst., when the rain came down again, about three-quarters of an inch being registered. Now, the weather is nice and cool, while tbe grass that started with the first downfall has been freshened and looks splendid. A strange phenomenon occurred here on Friday afternoon, at about 2 o'clock. The day was hot and thundery until noon, when a duststorm arose (not uncommon in this locality). Suddenly, without a moment's warning, a heavy black pall seemed to envelope and cover the earth. It came like a great cloud of smoke from the west, resembling the smoke of a great bush-fire,'rising in great columns, and black as ink. AB it came upon us the trees and everything around assumed a eilvery hue, bright and dazzling, and then tbe cloud was upon ut. Previous to this the wind was very high, but as soon as this dreadful pall seemed to cover everything it became still, and we were in darkness—so dark that two persons standing one on either side of a doorway could not see each other. The stillness that prevailed was frightful; the air was close and suffocating. After a very few moments it cleared slightly, and the black pall, as it were, turned as red as a coal, and after remaining that color for some time it turned a yellow color, and in leas time than it takes to write it, it was over, and on came a severe, blinding dust-storm. I have mentioned the above to several old resident?, and they say that they have never heard or seen anything of tbe kind before. In several hooses candles were lighted and prayers were offered; weeping and wailing was the chief occupation everywhere it was witnessed. One and all began to think that our time here was limited, and that the day of judgment had come. And no wonder, for it was a terrible time while it lasted, although only for a few moments. Through some misunderstanding or other between myself and the land officer from Wagga Wagga, who came up here to sell our township the other day, the result of the sale has never appeared in print. I asked that gentleman if he would give me a copy of tbe account of the sale, as I was late arriving at the scene, but he informed me that he always sends them to the Banner. Apparently, however, he has not done so. The sale passed off fairly—better than anyone around this quarter coula believe, the prices ranging from £5 7s. 61 to £83 for half-acre lots. In all, 43 lots were sold, and only three passed in, the upset price being £5 per lot, and a few choice ones at £8. The highest-priced lot was sold to Mr. Eaton, of Wagga Wagga, brewer, for £83. A license has since been applied for for an hotel, but was refused onaccount of its close proximity to the school. A publican's license has been granted to Mr. F. Flood, of Narandera, for a bouse to be erected at Grong Grong. Tbe only thing in the shape of buildings yet is Mr. Gannon's store, which is making good headway towards completion. The building, I believe, is to be two-story, and will be opened in three weeks from date. I feel confident that Mr. Gannon will have the support of the district, as he is well known by a large number of the settlers, and has the only store nearer than Narandera and Coolaman. Some inconvenience is caused here by our not having a J.P. at Grong Grong. The name of one gentleman well known in the Albury and Howlong districts, but now a resident of Grong Grong, has been mentioned as being the subject of a requisition for him to be sworn in as J.P. 