Camperdown Chronicle. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2[?], 1885. The • popularity .which tho present Governor of Victoria has acquired is significantly shown by the desire of the people generally to provide him with a country residence! Sir Henry B. Locn has evidently won his way into the good graces of the' members of this democratic community. He has had on excellent aid in Lady Locn whose affability has established her as a general favorite throughout Victoria. Tho position of a Governor in a colony that is as independent as could bo desired of home influence is a singularly difficult one to fill, and that the gentleman at presont occupying the post has succeeded to well speaks volumes in his favor. It is quite a new feature to Gnd Victorians so eager iv their desires to do honor to tho representative of loyalty. Not that we are in any way disloyal, but the fault invariably has been with those who were Bent ont from Kngland to do duty here. It is gratifying therefore to find that in Sir Henry Locn, the people have found one whom they can respect and honor, and that in this way the bonds of union which now 'connect this colony with the mother country are likely to be strengthened. It is on tbe subject of a country residence for His Excellency, however, that we would now enlarge. Readers of the newspapers may havo noticed that offers of sites in various parts of the colony on which to erect a suitable country mansion, have' been made without stint. The portions of Victoria noted for their picturesque Bnrround ings have been duly brought under notice, aud their praises sounded, with the exception of this district. The reason for this it is difficult to discover, unless it be that tbi good things aro reserved in this, asjn other respects, till the last. Unquestionably there is no healthier spot in the colony thsn Camperdown for a summer residence for vice-rnyalty. Tho peculiar features of the locality which have earned for it world wide fame as the " lake country," or "the Killarney" of Victoria, stamp Camperdown as the ono place in the colony above all otherc," well adapted for residence purposes during the long and trying heat of an Australian sum mer. The heat here is seldom bo great dnring the day as to be unpleasant, while the nights are always cool and agreeable. During the greater part of the year there is generally plenty of moisture, and for this reason when nearly every other part of the colony has a scorched and withered appear ance, here the vegetation is still green and refreshing to the eyes. In the middle of summer, too vice- royalty will be Bafe from the dreaded ravages of bushfires, of which it stood in so much danger last year at Mount Macedon. As far as situation is concerned Camperdown combinrs all the health-giving properties usually ascribed to mountainous districts with the repots of the valley or the plain, and we unhesitatingly assert that no more desirable spot can be found in tho colony for a summer residence. When His Excellency and Lady Loco parted through Camperdown about a year ago, tkoy were driven to the public park. The magnificent view obtained there from, and the beauty of the surround-, ings, were acknowledged by tbe dis tinguished visitor* to be greatly beyond anything that had previously been brought under their notice; Lady Locn, too, expressed her desire to re-visit the place at some favorable opportunity, so greatly was she pleased with its appearance. There are many suitable sites available on which a residence for vice-royalty could be erected. An admirable one conld doubtless be chosen in the public park on. the west side of the garden over looking Lake Gnotuk. Socially there could be found no better place than the Western district for the presence of Hia Excellency and Lady Loch during a portion of the year. They will be sufficiently removed from the metropolis to rid themselves for a time at least of tbe cares and worries of a life of state. A change such- at that proposed, either to Ballarat or Geelong, would bo merely a change in nnme, as they would be called upon to perform exactly the same social duties as in Melbourne. But in a quieter place they would be able to obtain the much needed rest from the focial labors imposed on them by reason of the high position they occupy. At tho same time they would find ample society in the families of tho wealthy landfd pro prietors of this district, as well as every means of obtaining the necessary recreation. "Wo have brought the matter thus prominently under the notici of tho public men of the town and district with a desire to aid in tbe advancement of Camnerdowa. It is unnecessary on our part to point out the immenso advantages that must accrue to tho town if tbo summer residence of vics royalty wer« built in its vicinity. This subject is one that is worth serious consideration on the part of the business people sod others. If His Excellency and Lady Locn exhibited a preference for Camperdown, their wishes would be immediately attended to, and within a reasonable time, • ststelj pile of buildings would enhance the natural beauty of the view from the Park bill. To its position could be added other obvious attrac tion! which would makt Camptidowa anon important centra thai it it aft the prefeot time. The matter is one that might profitably occupy the imme diate, attention of our public men. Insignificant towns without any special attractions have put in claims to be recognised, and there is no reason why Camperdown should not be placed in tho front rank. It has special features which give it a claim to the most favorable consideration. The question is of great importance, and it is to be hoped that Camperdown will not be allowed to suffer at least for the want l of asking. 