SUNBURY. d (Fnor oun owN coREsrP~NENT.) Tuoso who.bend their eyeS o'".~t co'hmns of the , Express, and catch sight ofb-the ?alismanic word " Sunbury," done in full grown t e, will say" Old Beaumontego is coming out of his shell once more to some tune. He'll be going on in his usual flowery style, hopping about like a monkey round ab banana tree, and slinging his a.iry nothings forth with a bounteous hand for the delectation of all who love harmless banter. If the Sunbury girls whom he cracks up skyhigh don't top the market at. the highest possible figure it wont be for the want of being properly advertised." Ah! yes, Mr. t Editor, exhibiting iuk (medical phrase) in the gossamer creations of gorgeous fancy, let out on " the roam" in elysian fields; albeit possessing no special degree of merit, has a decided advantage over ponderously solid mental lucubrations, and why,because the extreme silliness ensures its peru sal from start to finish. We all have aholy horror -presuming we have sufficient sense to know our way about-of making ourselves'hppear ridiculous or absurd, still, when the nonsensical comes forth in print, we absolutely revel in it. But Old Bungwah is not on this trip for the whimsical, neither is he going to warble "Io :peias" in honour of the damsels of Sunbury, for the partner of his joys and sorrows, if he continues that sort of thing, will. proceed to denude his massive cobra of what little thatch years and felt hats have loft. upon it. Having advanced thus far; I hasten to clip the wings of vagrant fancy iind begin to draw from the old store house of memory a stock of in formation relating to two importantsubjects. Dry as these may seem to the generality of the reading public, nevertheless one of them bears on certain points of the utmost consequence to one and all, regarded from a sanative aspect. The first part of this lengthy disquisition relates chiefly to the hydrographid changes that have occurred in this immediate vicinage since my first acquaintance with it nearly forty years ago. The second part of my letter will be devoted to the consideration of those hydrographie divergencies, in their rela tion to the causes of certain maladies, notably fevers of malignant type, and the dissemination of that insidious parasite, the hydatid. The changes I will advert to in the waterflow, being the result of settlement, they will apply to the various areas of country fit for grazing or tillage. People un familiar with the original order of things wonder greatly at what occupation of the land has brought about. This is no wonder at all; for civilized man, when he goes into the wilderness, having to eke out a subsistence by artificial means, fights against primeval nature with the are, spade, and plough. Our boundless forests' are swept away, and now wave with corn, or are dotted over with flocks of sheep, or herds of cattle. The gumtree is -'-. ;-*-»- --a--- . - i.haianta _- while. the plains, where' stick of timber.never grew, are now beautiful with the forestry of distant lands. This is but a natural consummation, following in the altered order of things, and is palpable enough. to be comprehended by a child. Yet, outside of such, there were other conditions that the present generation never heard of, or even dreamt over; or if they do they do not consider them worthy to be recorded for the benefit of those who shall come after us. The majority of people are merely con tent to gaze at the wondrous transformations that the industrious hands of the indomitable white man has effected in the way of improvment. This they do without taking'into account how such have diverted former causes and effects into entirely new channels. This shows the value of records, written from personal observation; as for example, if John Batman had not kept a journal' of his travels on the Werribee plains in 1835 but few of us now would know that the prevalent herb age was then kangaroo grass. Those who find the soil of those plains of flinty hardness during sum mer months, and muddy in the winter, are apt to conclude that such a state of affairs was the rule before the advent of the whites. Such aconclusion is a very erronous one to adopt, for while there were large tracts that were doubtless hard, since they have been trampled on for a long series of years by live stock their previous hardness will be quadrupled. This is a fact that, in my opinion, in contestablyproves itself byhydrographio sequences. When we arrived here, early in the month of Janu ary, in the year 1846, we found nearly the whole of the creek flats densely clothed with wattle scrub, close down to the water's edge. White and red gumtrees, from the patriarchal giant down to mere whipsticks, lined the margin of the stream. These' bare no signs of fluvial visitatiope. The bark of the older trees on the upstream.side was in a nor mal condition, while the smaller ones stood up straight. On many low lying grounds, scarcely six feet above the existing summer level of Jack son's Creek, laid lots of trees of. various dimensions. Judging by their rottenness these had lain on the ground for more than a lifetime. It was no fluvial agency that had deposited those trees so near the watercourse. Age and bush fires alone had hurled them to mother earth. Speaking of bushfires, our neighbours the Pages, settlers here in the latter part of 1835, informed us that the bluckfellows were in the habit of burning off the herbage. I The consequences of this was that the grass grew high, but very thin, and did not form a good sward until it was cropped down by sheep. To return from this short digression. Alluvial soil, in small fiats or sloping banks, reached right down to the waterside, showing not the rbaoteest indicationsof 1 distu haom". ia Oc-yua.,- w..iir.'OI'ibO paort were not washed outtp;the bed rock, as we see them now. Having proceeded in my narration i so far, I may be permitted to remark that scepti cal people of to-day will be inclined to argue that, at the time to which I have referred, the rainfall could not be so copious as it is now. Such an argument refutes itself, for from 1846 to 1851 we had an abundance of feed for our sheep, which clearly indicates that the rainfall was fully up to the usual average. In the last named year we were certainly hard run for grass, but that was perhaps more attributable to keeping two sheep to the acre when one and a quarter was as much as the land could reasonably carry. Pages intimated that, prior to our arrival, there had been seasons I of drought, and as the country was not foolishly overstocked, as it is at the present day, these en tailed no loss upon stockowners. As droughts have always obtained with greater. or less frequency throughout the Australias, I regard them as in consequential to the matter in hand. For several years after our arrival here Jackson's Creek-used to cease running in January, as near as I can recollect, and did not commence to reflow until I either April or May. Once it remained a chain of waterholes up to some time in the month of August. Pages mentioned an instance of its not running 1for'two cdnsecutive winters .One peculiar phase Sof the annual re-filling of this creek was that a purely local rain had absolutely nothing todo with it. Nowadays, if there chances to be a heavy Sthunderstorm between this aid Lancefield junction Railway Station, some eight miles distant, a body of water will roll down ample enough to have set a flood going even if the creek had been reduced to a achain of waterholes. The rain that started our stream going fell on the Macedon range, and no doubt it was greatly assisted by the numerous e springs whi~Ph abouqn4@d up there, Spring?~, be. it understood, send their waters to a greater diets ance in cold weather than they do in hot, not be. cause of increasedvolume,but simply for the reason that cold does away with or reduces evaporation to i a minimum. The coming down of the mountain water was one of the events of that day, and the process of filling up was a very slow one. News would come that the run had reached Emu Bottom, five miles off as the crow flies, but double that length allowing for the numerous bends. It used to take a week for the freshet to reach our place, I and one very large pool, adjacent to the homestead, required a full 'day to soet it overflowing. To in fuse:all the information I possibly can into this a letter, I have to state that the sudden change from stagnant to fresh water caused blackfish to die in numbers. For the lack of scientific nomenclature I must term this fish epidemio a fungoid disease. As I think that I. have conclusively proved, in a rough manner, that the olden rainfall was fully up to the modern average, I have to explain more fully why locally it did not cause floods in this creek. Certain of the unreflective will "want to know, you know," where all the rain that fell, little or much, went to. My reply to that query is whore it ought to, and does not go to now, that is straight into the, ground, instead of galloping uselessly down creeks and gullies. The reason why it then sank into the earth, or remained on the surface in other places, is not far to seek. This Island, for count less cycles of years, had actually nothing to consoli date the surface soil; and where such an order of things exist, the ground, irrespective of what its composition may be, readily absorbs water. Now consider what.the incessant trampling of hundreds of millions of sheep, the most extraordinary ani usals going for case hardening the lands' surface, assisted by tens of millions of horned cattle, has done for the past fifty years. In using such high figures I allude to the generations of these domestic animals that have grazed in succession since-the f-onndation of this colony. The continuous impact of myriad hoofs has hardened the ground, and vastly reduced its perviousness to water. This, in conjunction with thousands of 'niles of new outlets in the shape of road drains, old plough furrows, channels formed by wheel traffic, &o.;, collect and carry off heavy showers rapidly. Some would probably imagine that, with the splendid forty eight hours' downpour we had this month, the soil was thoroughly soaked, because water was stream ing away everywhere on the pastures. But let them examine a ploughed field, and they would have been convinced to the contrary, for every drop that fell on it went in, simply owing to the reason that ploughing had rendered it absorbent. At this day it is self evident that two inches of rain, although its fall extends over a period of forty-eight hours, in a measure goes to actual waste on grass lands, when there has not been a previous fall to damp the crust. In the earlier times, when the soil was free and open, the like quantity would confer a more permanent benefit. Having progressed thus far, I now come to the second part of my dissertation. Jackson's Creek was then supplied annually with the purest water, direct from its mountain source. True, when the stream ceased to flow, the water acquired a slightly weedy taste, only perceptible to those accustomed to drink spring-water. Here the country was en tirely stocked with sheep, particularly cleanly ani mals in drinking, seeing that they never defecate into the water, like horses or cattle do, when they had slaked their thirst. As I have already inti mated, the ground has become hardened, and con sequently being partially deprived of its power of rapid absorption, the best part of an ordinarily good rain finds its way into creeks. The effect of this is that the very essence of filth, in its mult farious forms, is conveyed straight to the creeks. Having disease manufs.cturing agencies washed wholesale into our tumbler of cold water is an evil bad enough, without the other abominations that are directly deposited in our rivers. Horned cattle, as as rule, have largely taken the place of sheep, especially dairy cattle, and those seem to' act upon the give and take principle when drinking. As a polluter of water your old milch cow stands without a rival. I am familiar with the Werribee from the Djerri warrh junction down to about five miles below Exford. This portion of Jackson's creek, as re gards size, is little inferior to that section of the Werribee. My object in forming this comparison is to show how water is rendered bad in this stream during summer by cattle alone. Along with an other I took a bath in a pool below. where some forty head of milking 'cows were in the habit of drinking daily. The pair of us went for a big dive, and-on comoing to thoa.mrto.L dooetoda paurtio. larly evil odour. I remarked to the person, "don't you smell something." "Oh I yes," he replied, "it is the water." Scooping up a handful I con vinced myself that it was actually the case. Be fore the water was agitated we might have drank of it without being conscious that it had anything wrong about it beyond the usual muddy flavour it has acquired for the last few years. Unquestion ably this waterhole contained the germs of various diseases, which would have developed themselves sooner or later if it had been drawn upon for domestic purposes. Many of the most terrible maladies that afflict mankind are directly traceable to the use of impure water or milk from a dairy where typhaid fever is prevailing. Both are the agents of disease, and are recognised as such by our most eminent medical authorities. The germ or embryo of that atrocious parasite, the hydatid, without doubt has its first home in water, and water is the vehicle by which it is conveyed into the system. In what form the hydatid has its initial existence science, as far as my reading has gone, has not yet exactly determined; Possibly microscopic research will conquer that problem. Speaking of the hydatid, I have been aware of its existence in sheep for several years and recently on one occasion, found it inhabiting a pig. Rabbits here are very much infested with this description of parasitical life, but, odd to relate, it does not seem to affect their health in the least. Already we have had two hydatid cases here, one terminat ing fatally, and the other very bad. The changes that have taken place in- the conditions of the country, as I have roughly shown, tend to the uni versal diffusion of every species of indwellor in the human or animal economy. Further, the nature of the climate of our island, in combination with creeks too feeble in their flow. to carry away im purities, points conclusively to an alarming fact. That is to say all things considered, this country is one highly adapted for the production of every conceivable variety of death-dealing germs. Be sides, the area of the evilin this respect augments with each successive year. Population keeps on increasing, which means that more people shall be exposed to the danger of being denizened with in ternal parasites. Perhaps, at some not very distant day, if we do not now adopt means to preo vent it, we may expect to see a-decimating epi demic in the shape of cholera or fever. Some, no doubt, will laugh at mo for hazarding the assertion that cholera could break out here spontaneously. To these my answer is--How was it that the aboriginals suffered from small pox long before the advent of white maon in the colonies P CaptainCook, when.he.landed in.Botaany-By, found the blas fdellows dyin ia eave e emsll o of a o, elals?0 ko id not what awful ileegl!et into print. As a boy T have seen blackfellowu on Jackson's Creek-men probably about forty or forty-five years old-with faces deeply pitted. Though very young at the time I distinctly remember my father saying those men hahadad small pox. Some years ago, variola in one of its forms showed itself in Melbourne, and Doetor M'Crea, then chief Medical Officer, ascribed it to "atmospheric or telluric influences" for the which he was laughed at by a good many folks. His theory as to the cause of the disease was the true one, insomuch that the bulk of bodily ailments have their primal origin in earth, air, or water. But, once having established themselves, many of them can be conveyed to the four corners of the earth by personal contact. In conclusion, I do not seek notoriety as an alarmist by writing discur sively on a subject that I never was technically or scientificdally educated into. I merely deal in a crude general manner with common facts, known to every intelligent man or woman. Anything I have advanced in the latter part of this letter, Shaving reference to the causation of certain effects, is fully borne out by leading scientists, who have made such things their study. The knights of the trigger will have an oppor tunity to display their skill at the sparrow shoot lug match which takes place at Sunbury, on Satur day the 6th of June. The programme is a fairly attractive one and as the match is got up by Sun bury gentlemen, purely in the interests of sport, .I have no doubt but that it will prove asuccess. 