ITEMS OF NEWS. On" Sunday last the Ven. Archdeacon Pownall held a special Harvest Thanksgiving Service at Oura, when the handsome amount of £40 was collectod for tho purpose of seat ing the church there. On Suuday next a similar service will bo held at St. John's Church here, when special collections' will be made at the morning und evening cervices in aid of tho Choir Fund. Wk have fully expcctcd to learn of '* accidents by blood au<l field" caused through the extraordinary storm in this (lis* trict ou Friday last; but we feared to have to narrate a story bo sad as tho following :— It appears that a fanner named George Henry Jeffreys, who resides at Yarragun dry, was going home, driving his wife and daughter in a spring cart. Tho night wan pitch dark, it being between eight nud nine o'clock, and knowing that he was approach ing two stumps, at about nine miles from Wagga, which he was compcllod to drive between, he struck a match. This seems to have startled tho Inrse, which rushed on aud upset the cart over one of the obstacles sought to be avoided. AU of the occupants of the vehicle were thrown out, and Mrs. Jeffreys sustained very severe injuries, her left arm being broken just above the elbow, while two of her ribs were fracturcd, and in such a manner as to make her situation critical. The daughter, aged 15, also had the bone of her left arm broken just above the wrist, but otherwise she sustaiued no injury beyond a severe shaking. Mr. Jeffreys escaped without a scratch, and at once brought his family into town to Mr. Croaker's Prince of wales Hotel, where they have been since, attended by Dr. Wren, We would remind those interested in the formation of the Wagga Wagga Gun Club that tho meeting to arrange preliminaries takes place this evening at Baker's Pastoral Hotel, at 8 o'clock. In* our issue of the 12th February, last year, we find that iu reference to the Muni cipal Election at that time, we wrote that " Never in the history of Municipal Govern ment in Wagga Wagga, lias so much interest been taken in a municipal election." The same paragraph is quite applicable to the one just completed, if we sub stitute tho word 4< little " for much. In 1S84, in the contest in East Ward, Messrs. Bolton and Evans polled 19S aud 117 respectively; 315 against 208 votes polled this year. Last year there was no opposition in the North Ward, and this year noue iu tho South. Tiie business of the Union Bank was, for the first time, transacted in the now nmmistAa. in Pit-.ymniiripn.Rfr.rp.fif.- • but, such is the force of habit, sever,ii customers of the bunk went, as usual, to the old office, only to fintl Mr. Foabery busily engaged in selling the bank fixtures, &c.; It will be seen in another column that closed tenders for the foundations of the new St. Michael's church will bo received at the presbytery up to the 21st instant. Those interested in coursing sports should not forget that the annual meeting of the members of the local club will take place to morrow evening at the Australian Hotel, when the report of the outgoing eommitttee will be presented, and other important busi ness transacted. To-morrow has been proclaimed a public holiday at Cootamundra, in consequence of the races there. It reflects great credit upon onr Sydney correspondent and the Telegraph- Depart ment that our telegram announcing the winner of the boat race upon the Parramatta River, was received at our agents, Messrs. Moriaon and Daley, twelve minutes after the contest was concluded. We learn that a district cricket match has been arranged to take place between Wagga and Albury on Saturday next, on the ground of the latter club, and in our next issue wo hope to be able to give a list of the names of the local team. It is to be hoped that some of the names of those who stood their ground so^ w'ell ljeforo Shaw's Eleven will not bo missing from the list. In consequence of this match, the continuation of the match be tween the Mechanics' and Newtown Clubs for the Summerfield Cup will be postponed for a week ; but, nevertheless, there will be a match next Saturday between the elevens of those clubs respectively. Last Saturday's Naranikra Argm says that "At a meeting of the Progress Com mittee on Wednesday afternoon it was stated that Mr. Baylis, P.M., of Wngga, had expressed the intention of being relieved of the duties of his position as visiting police magistrate at Narandera, owing to the ad ditional work entailed upon him by his nomination as a member of the land board." The Minister for Mines notifies in the Government Gazelle that "the attention of sheep and stock owners is directed to the fact that no person is eligible for the office of director unless he shall have been nomi nated in writing by two qualified persons, and such nomination paper, signed by such candidate, consenting thereto, placed in the hands of the Returning Officer at least four teen days before the day fixed for election." In December last the following teachers gained promotion by examination Michael C. Nifiill, Humula, 3a ; Elizabeth M. Hooper, Gerogery Railway Station, 3c, provisional; and Robert F. Cooper, Yaven Yaven and Hillas Creole, half-time, 3o, provisional. The following appointments of teachers under the Department of Public Instruc tion, to take effect from the dates on which they severally enter upon their duties, appenr in the Government Gazelle, of last Friday W. J. Heath, Public School, Thurgoona : Miss Eleanor Sibbald, Public School, Yo rong Creek; and Charles Willis, Publio School, Tumut. In our advertising columns tenders are called for the supply of 300 yards of gravel for North Ward, also 1000 yards of gravel to be takeu from the Policc Paddock, both for' Municipal purposes. A CABDBlVEit and his horse were killed by lightning atKundwick last Friday afternoou. The cabman, Joseph Bedford, was driving aloug the Bclmore-road during tho thunder storm which broke over the city at about 4 p.m., when the horse staggered and fell to the ground. Tho driver also fell off the box seat immediately after. It is supposed that a flash of.lightning struck both man and horse, killing them instantaneously. At the time of tho accideut two gentlemen wero riding in the cab, but they escaped unhurt. A telegram from Silverton, via Wil caunia, on Friday last says;—"It has been reported on reliable information that chlo rides have been found in a vertical shaft being sunk on the broken Hill claims, near Mount Gipps, Tho lode where tho discovery has been made is said to be 23 feet wide, and an assay of a piece of ore went over 700 ounces to the ton. Tho property, which belongs to a syndicate, has always been thought to be poor quality ore of from 30oz. to 40oz. to the ton; but owing to tho largo quantity that lias been got even beforo this last find it lias been regarded as ono of tho best claims on the field. TJje lode on tho surface crops up for a considerable distance, and varies in thickness from 10 to 120 foet, so, should theso continue to be rich, this must be ono of tho greatest silver mines over found. The report has caused a good deal of cxcitoment in town." It would seem that the electrical disturb ance from which this district experienced great benefit on Friday last was not par tial, but distributed itself throughout tho colony, necessarily doing much good horo and thore, and vice versa, A telegram from Sydney, dated Sunday last, says: "A thunderstorm occurred yesterday, accom PM'ed by rain, which fell in showers throughout tho afternoon. During the thunderstorm on Friday night o house at Waverley, occupied by Wulter Quiun, was struck by lightning. The roof was takon completely off, carried over tho top of tho adjoining house, and lodged some distanco away. The building, when struck by light ning, was filled with the olectrio fluid, but the inmates miraculously escaped. A terrific storm passed over Walgott yester day at 4 p.m., lasting half an hour. It was acoompamed by heavy rain. Sovoral build ings in tho town were blown over, and others were uuroofed. A largo new storo the property of Wright and Chadwick, was completely wrecked. Nelson Cohn's store was also damaged. M'Guire's wine shop Was partly blown down.' The old gaol was blown down, and a boy named Walter, seven years old, was killed by a ilaah of lightniug. A sevoro thunderstorm ocourrcd at Forbos on Friday afternoon." A Bathurst telegram to tho Echo on Friday says " A man and his wife applied to tho Police Magistrate to-day for protec tion. Tho man stated that ho had been accused of being an informor in connection with tho Dublin tragedies, and that he was in danger of his life. He denied that he was au informer, and said that ho wasan'emi grant, and a carpenter by trade. Tho Police I Magistrate told tho man that ho was very foolish to tako notice of such taunts, and advised him to keep clcar of, public-houses. If auy person interfered with hiin ho would bo protected, but ho did not think that tbero was any eauso for tho application." TJiu Taw Courier says During tho past season the uuiuber of acres under wheat orop in this district was 75GO, and it is estimated that tho yield will bo 121,882 or a trifle over 16 bushels to tho acre. This must bo looked upon as a good average, but with tho top price for tho best samples in the metropolitan market at 3s. 10d. per busliell, only a small margin of profit is loft to the producor. The number of landholders in tho district is 709. An Albury telegram, dated Thursday, says :—After a heavy galo of wind, which uprooted tho trees in tho principal thorough fares and did other damage, tho rain com- I meiiced last night to fall, and Hp to this moruiug 55 points had fallen. I A thlegram from Narandora states that a denao duststorm occurred at about 2 o'clock on Friday afternoon, which lasted for uearly an hour and a half, during which time the town was enveloped in almost total dark* ness. All business was suspended, aud the street traffic was stopped. A panic set in among the Public School children, who were screaming with fear. Such a storm has never been witnessed in the district before. Tub new Bishop of Riveriua (says a tele gram from Deniliquin) will reach Melbourne by the R.M.S Parrainatta at the eod of the mouth. A deputation will proceed from here to formally welcome him, aud will probably bo accompanied by representatives of the Anglican Church at Hay. The bishop will proceed on to Sydney, and will bo re ceived by the Primate. He will probably stay a week or two as the guest of the Hon, John Campbell, to whom Riverina is in debted for a large portion of the eudowment fund. Dr. Linton will next go to Goulburn, and remain some time with Dr. Thomas, at Bishopscourt, after which ho will, iu com pany with the Primate and a distinguished clerical party, procccd to Hay and Denili quin. A double induction sermon will be given—viz., ono at each town named. The Argus of last Saturday saya "The i serious bush-fires reported in yesterday's 1 newspapers from various parts of the colony occurrcd so near tho anniversary of Black Thursday as to recall the memorable calamity of tho 6th of February, 1851. On that day, from 11 o'clock in tho morning until night fall, a hot wind swopt over the face of the whole country with hurricane force, carrying with it bush.fires. which travelled with fatal velocity, defying all attempts to control til cm, and consuming every combustible thing they touchcd. The inhabitants of Melbourne could only shut themselves up in their houses, and think with fear and trembling of the talo of destruction to be hoard on the morrow. It i3 thought that had the city taken lire, no portion of it would have been saved. In the country, not only flocks and herds were destroyed, but many settlers were roasted alive on their homeiteads in the vain attempt to stay the Qamcs, or in the equally vain attempt while travelling to avoid the impetuous sweep of i the surrounding fires. The charred remains of men, women, and children in many parts of tho country bore melancholy testimony on the following day to the disastrous extent of the visitation. The clearing of the land uudcr settlement which has occurred since that time lias mado another Black Thursday an impossibility, but we shall always be liable to bush fires in the summer season, and prompt steps ought to be taken for the punishment of those whose carelessness often occasions them. A lighted match thoughtlessly flung aside, a cigar end tossed into the grass, or burning ashes from a pipe left on a log, may be the small beginning of a conflagration ending in the destruction of pounds' worth of pro perty, and in tho loss of valuable lives. It is only a few years sinec several people wore sacriGed in tho neighbourhood of Colac in this way. Tho bush-fire is no respecter of persons. The squatter, the poor selector, the teamster, or the road repairer, may each in Ilia turn be placed at ita mercy. Though bush-fires cannot always be guarded against, the police and the shire officers should be on the alert at this season of the year, and any tramp or bush idler who is proved to have raised a conflagration by culpablo negligence should be made an example of." The Wellington (N.Z.) correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, writing on the 27th ult, says:—"In this city for some days past the Waring Taylor trials have beeu proceeding. Taylor, who was 0110 of the first settlers here, won general confidence by his deportment and habits,' so much so that ho was appointed trustee in many estates. Failing in old age for £90,000, with practi cally no assets, it was found he had for years been bolateriug up his own merchant's busi ness with the trust funds, He returned £9000 in full just before failing to an estate worth half a million, but reduced several poor widows, clergymen, &e.;, to indigenco by swallowing their all. His malversations aud criminal actions were so many that if each had been committed by separate per sons it would havo entailed imprisonment totalling hundreds of years. Taylor hat been found guilty on several indictments, sentence beiug postponed till law points are argued. As the sentences on tho convictions obtained will probably ombrace tho re mainder of his life, mauy other iudictmcnts are not likely to bo gone on with." A cokrespoxdent writing to a home paper regarding tho story told in tho Times of a Russian who, charged beforo a tribunal with polygamy, was acquitted on tho ground that, though bigamy was a punishable offence, polygamy had not been taken iuto account by tho law says that tho story has the advan tage of resembliug an old anecdote which Kriloff has made tho subject of a fable. " Tho trigamist" it is called ; and, as in the case of the trial said to havo taken place recently at Odessa, the man who has been accused of marrying tlireo wives is let off because, as his advocate points out, there is no law asainst trigamy. Tho Judge in the fable, however, invents a punishment suit able to what he cannot but regard as a very serious breach of propriety. Ho orders the prisoner to live with his three wives. "That was no punishment," complains a supposed hearer of the fable. "Was it not? says the narrator. '' In less than a week tlio man hanged himself." On Friday night (says tho Echo) an extra ordinary oceurrenco took plaeo in Blenheim street, Waverlcy, during a short but very sharp thunderstorm that passed over tho locality about 9 p.m. The roof of a house occupied by Mr. Wilson Quinn whb struck by the lightning and taken completely off and carried down the gully, being taken over tho top of the adjoining house. The build ing, when struok, was filled by electric fluid ; but, singular to relate, though all tho family was assembled, no one was hurt. Tho roof was of galvanised iron, and tho sheets are twisted and crumpled to such an extent as to be useless. The following article appeared in Thurs day's issueof the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, beforo the news of the fall of Khartoum was received:—"A second and quite unnoticed expedition to ;the Soudan has started—an expedition of one. Mr. Wilfrid Blunt, author of " How We Defended Arabi," has such confidence in his reputation with tho Arabs and his general powers of persuasion that ho has set off on a now and very re markable Pilgrim's Progress to interview the Mahdi, and persuade him—good, easy man—to let tho imperilled garrisons go, and generally smoke the pipe of peace with un circumcised mankind. Mr. Wilfrid Blunt veils tho route he is to take in prudent obscurity, but ho sajja that the Mahdi him self lias an escort waiting for him at a par ticular spot. He is confident of reaching that redoubtable chief in safety, and his hope of success when ho roaohes tho Mahdi's camp depends mainly on the identity of tho Mahdi's cause with Arabi's. Tho re putation Mr. Blunt gained by defend ing Arabi will, ho thinks, be tho!pass port to all men's favour in tho desort. Mr. Blount is so confident of success that ho has fixed a date—tho 15th February —for the peaceful march of tho garrisons homeward, with General Gordon at their head, and tho Madhi, in tho distant rear, bestowiug his blessing upon them. Tho scheme is; of :course, very crack-brained j yet Mr. Wilfrid Blunt is a very sonsiblo and aocoraplished Englishman. Wo <lo not know whether he has actually started or not, but &lr.;' Blunt is quite capablo of risking his life on his wild throw. Tho incident only sup plica another strange and picturesque featuro in the campaign already rich in such characteristics. Chineso Gordon and Mr. Wilfrid Blunt make up certainly a very re markable pair of figures." 