THE WEEK. The hum of the strippers amongst the wheat crops will shortly be beard, and farmers once more willbs in the midst of the harvesting operations. Ic almost seems like repetition to write upon the enbject of oie&n; grain, but as numbers of oar farmers, particularly in the northern districts, unduly hurry the operation of cleaning their grain, a few words of warning cn the importance of exercising the utmost care in the preparation cf their parcels will not be out of place. Hitherto the negligence on the part of the wheat growers to properly prepare their grain for | market has escaped its due reward, but now that public attention has been directed to the alleged foulDess of Australian wheat, purchasers have signified their intention of being more careful in their selection, aca only accept thoroughly-prepared samples at the ruling rates. Farmers, therefore, who fail to grasp this warning will find that their produce will only be ac cepted at rates so reduced to leave a suffi cient margin to cover cost of a second cleaning of the grain prior to its shipment to England. Surely it is not beyond the grasp of our average farmer to decide as to the more profitable course to adopt — spend ing a little extra in preparing clean samples of grain that will command market rates, or pursuing the usual slovenly system, neglecting their duty at the winnower, and so subject themselves to a reduction in price of from 4d. to 6d. per buebel. The grain buyers having made up their mindB in this matter, depend upon it, that if this year's samples are not up to the mark, the profits that should reach the farmers' pockets will he utilised in the construction and working of grain-cleaning establishments in and around Melbourne. The extensive bush fire last week in Biverina, whereby some 40,000 acres of grass and valuable improvements were totally destroyed, should be a warning that the season is again approaching when the utmost caution will have to be exhibited for the prevention of bttsh fires. Two years ago it will be remembered the losses sustained from this cause were of more than ordinary magnitude, the northern districts suffering severely, miles upon mileB of country being completely desolated. And the danger this summer ie muoh greater, as, owing to the favourable spring, the grass is waving on the nlains like fields of corn. As the destructive element has already shown its unwelcome presence, there should no longer be any delay in taking the necessary precautionary measures for prevention, such ae ploughing strips of land around cornfields, dwellings, eta Negligence and wilful carelessness, in £ £? oaoe. oat .ol e»ery 100, responsible for the origin of bush-fires, ana, i landowners take warning in tune, the fotmer may be easily remedied ; while if deserved punishment were meted cut to a few offenders whose carelessness often brings ruin to hundreds, the number of bush fires would be greatly reduced. What is commonly termed the ' cripples" is a complaint that has become very preva lent amongst cattle, but particularly milch cows, in maiiy parts of the colony. Ques tions repeatedly reach ihie office from owners of dairy herds soliciting information as to the best preventative and remedy. The com plaint, when once it establishes itself in the system, is difficult to be got rid of. The treatment that we have always recommended has been change of pastures, and top- dressing the land with lime, as it was always noticeable that the " cripples" was more prevalent in districts where the absence of limestone formation was greatest. The disease, it appears, has of late been very troublesome around Moolort and in the neighbourhood of the Deep Greek, and in view of the serious nature of tbe attack, the Chief Inspector of Stock has had a report prepared by Sub- inspector Forrester, who recommends the following by way of an experiment : — " Fenoe round the waterholes arid erect a trough outside, frcm which the stock can drink, and add to the water in the trough iima at the rate of lib. to every 400 gallons of water to begi'i with. The quantity can afterwaris be increased as the stack become accustomed to the taste." The experiment is a simple one, and if the result shonld prove satisfactory, its discovery will be worth thousands of pounds to stock breeders. An annual outlay of £900 is incurred by tbe Narracoorte Shire Gounoilin keepingdown the rabbits ou tbe Grown Lands in that district, and withal there is yet no apparent prospect of their cambers becoming dim inished ; and the local papers argne that so long as the present immigration of the rodents from Victoria continues, the ex penditure referred to will be a perpetnal item in the expenses. It would certainly be much better for the ratepayers to make up their minds for an ontlay of about £2,000, which amount would oover tbe cost of ronning a rabbit proof fence the whole length of tbe boundary line between Narracoorte Shire and Victoria, than to continue for an indefinite period the present heavy annual outlay of £900 in rabbit suppression. A royal visitor (the Spectator reports) has recently arrived in Hamilton, consigned to Mr. Nave&u.; The visitor is neither more nor less than a Cyprian Qaeen bee and thirty-five courtiers, whioh on the 9th October were posted by Mr. Frank Benton at Munich and arrived safely in Hamilton on the 19 ih November. Ths box or cage in which they made their passage out is 4in. x 2in. x lfin. It is very light, and open lengthways in two halves, each half haviug fchrea lin. wells eunk into it exactly opposite to each other, so that when the oage is closed, commodious apartments are formed about a quarter of an inch apart from each other, the walls being perforated, so that the bees can gain access to every apartment f in the suite. The end wells were, preparatory to tbe long voyage being undertaken, converted into store-rooms and filled with a composition of honey and very fine whits sugar, prepared by Mr. Benton for the sustenance of the bees. That they thrived on it, notwithstanding mal de mert etc,, is shown by the fact that only four bees died, two expiring in Mr. Naveau's hands on the box being opened. Banning along on either side of the wooden oage are two perforated grooves through whioh ample ventilation was secured, notwithstanding that the box was thrown ito a leathern mail-bag amongst a large collection of other less animated packages. The 11 new chums," by whose aid Mr. Naveau proposes to greatly improve bee-culture in Victoria, are now on view at his apiary in Brown street. They are smaller than their Ligurian cousins, but said to be more hardy. Mr. Frank Benton, the celebrated apiarian, who sent out the bees, is to be congratulated on the success of his experiment, and we learn from Mr. Naveau that he is a gentleman who spares neitber trouble nor expense where bees are concerned. A graduate of Michigan Agricultural College, he has devoted many years to tbe study of the honey makers, and possesses apiaries at Larnaka in the Island of Cyprus, at Beyurth in Syria, st Mount Lebanon in Palestine, and another at Tunis in Algiers. The summer months he spends in Munioh, and during the winter combines proSt with, pleasure by Bojourning at the plaoes mentioned. We trust Mr. Naveau, who is probably as enthusiastic an apiarian as can be foand in the uoiverse, will meet with the suoccbs he deserves for introducing a Queen of Cyprus to Viotoria, notwithstanding this is eo democratic a country. Some very interest ;Ag tables concerning the fourth series of the London wool sales, which were brought to a close on the 5 th of last month, ere given by Messrs. Buxton, Ronald, and Co. Thus we learn particulars of the decline from the priceB ruling at the June sales and since September, 1884, that is, just twelve months prior. The percentage is given as follows : — Description. Since last Since Series. Sept., '84. About About per cent, per cent Fleece— Victorian-Ohoice, bright 9 23 Tinged, some burrs 15 22 N S Wales — Irregular, yolky .. ..15 29 Scoured Victorian— Fair bulk and colour .. ..11 J9 ??. S. Wales — Stringy, fatty . . 12 19 New Zealand — Fair body and colour . . 10 17 Greasy . Victorian— Fair western 9£ 11 Red, 8hafty, hurry .. Ill 30 N. S. Wales— Fine blue skirty .. ..12 30 >. Australian — Shafty, red 12 27 Ne# Zealand — Fair growth and condition 10 25 The conclusion here arrived at must be eminently flattering to our own wool- growers. Not only has the fall in Victorian wool been much less severe than in Jhat from othe producing colonies, but prices, considering all the surroundings, have been wonderfully well- maintained throughout the year, for the leading qualities and those of which this colony produces most. It is also satisfactory to the public at large, for despite the depression which has prevailed, and which has been made rather much of, it is quite clear that, so far as Victorian growers are concerned, they hav8 not been affected in pocket so much as it was generally believed, at least not from the fall in the value of their product, i their losses have been heavy from climatic causes. 