PERTH POLICE COÜRT. (Before the Police Magistrate.) SATURDAY, MARCH 14TH:. WIllIAM JACKSON was charged by constable Guilfoyle with vagrancy. At a quarter past eleven, on Friday night, he was lying partly under the Railway gate in Wellington street, and had no account to give of himself when Guilfoyle found him in that position. The prisoner : I have nothing to say, your Worship, except that I abused your kindness in letting me off, yesterday. Mr. Leake : Well, I told you what I should do, if you were brought up again, and you must now go to prison for three months. PETER GEE charged by the same con stable with a similar offence, expressed his penitence. He had left prison on the 18th of this month, he said, and since then had been working hard. Mr. Leake sentenced him to three months imprisonment, observing that it was not long since he had been discharged from prison after serving a sentence of six months. \- f I MONDAY, MARCH 16TH. JEREMIAH HEATH admitted he had been drunk in Murray street on Saturday, and was discharged with a caution not to repeat the offence. WILLIAM VEASEY, who was charged with having been drunk on Mr. Levi Green's premises and creating a distur- bance, said he believed he was a little drunk, but begged hard to be allowed to return to Ids work, which was that of a blacksmith. As the police view of his character was not favourable, Mr. Leake sentenced this ' son of Vulcan' to o: week's imprisonment. k THEODORE ROSSOW, a butcher, charg- ed with neglecting his cart on Saturday, admitted the offence, and was fined 5s. and costs. As he was leaving the Court the Magistrate advised him to use a wheel chain to his cart in the future, to which he rather jauntily replied, ' That it was not considered necessary.' ' I do,', replied Mr. Leake. ARTHUR MCCORMISH was charged with having set fire to the natural vege- tation growing near the 36-mile station, on the Albany road. Mr. S. H. Parker appeared for the defendant. George Pridmore deposed J I am a police constable stationed at the 36-mile station ; on the 1st of March I was away from home, leaving my wife and family and a native assistant ; when I returned, on the 4th of March, my daughter La- vinia took me to a place where she said the paddock had been set alight ; I fonnd the tracks of a pony belonging to Mc Cormish leading from the spot along the paddock fonce, and on to the Jarrahdale road ; at the lower end of the fence I saw defendant's tracks ; those tracks led from whore the pony appeared to have been left and back again ; against the fence I saw some dead wood which I had previously removed ; the grass of the paddock was very much burnt, and since then the fire has spread ; the de- fendant's family have tried on six different occasions to sot fire to the Government property. Cross-examined-: I know the tracks to bo those of defendant's pony, because it is shod ; there is no other pony about there ; I know McCormish's tracks by the description of the boot ; the ground I is strong aud difficult to track ; the tracks leadiug to and from the pony were over bnrnt ground ; it is nothing extra- ordinary to see bushfires in that locality, but they were never near the paddock. Lavinia Pridmore deposed : I remem- ber my father going away one day in March ; whilo ho was absent I saw Arthur McCormish ride alongside the paddock fence ; he jumped off the pony on to a log, struck a match, aud'having first pat it to his pipa, lie placed it un- derneath some bushes, which then blazed up ; he then got on his pony and rod» away ; I shouted at him, bat he made no reply ; when my father returned I showed him the place where it had hap- pened ; I and my brothers, with the na- tive, put it out ; it had got close up to the house ; defendant's mother carne down afterwards, and said it was a good job ; the siui3 day, while wo were at tea I hoard a guu fired, aud just afterwards saw the defendant leave the bushes with a gun on his should- er ; the biilbt- whizzed past -as ; a lot of the grass in the paddock was burnt by the fire. Cross-examined : This happened on tlie 1st of March ; the place burnt was larger than tho floor of this room (the i courthouse! ; defendant did not throw I the match down, bufe put it underneath soma b'ishos, and placed some moro bushe-. on top ; I was up at the house, which is not f.ir aw ty, when it happeued, and coal 1 4 e him plainly. Mr. Parkir appliel for an adjourn- ment for tue production of evidence, which, ho stated, would prove an alibi. The case w*3 adjourned till today. 