OUR LIO!EO LETrER, (FROm OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday, Jan. 12. The news that the Bairnsdale cricketers intend to redeem their promise by play ing a return match at Omeo on the 31st inst., is hailed with universal satisfac tion, and I am convinced that no effort will be spared on the part of us Omeoites to make the visit a pleasant one. I quite agree with your remarks in a pre vious issue that the matches between Omeo and Bairnsdale should become fix tures to be played on alternate seasons at each place, for it must be acknow ledged that cricket is becoming an im portant factor in building up and cement ing social relations between districts situated as Bairnsdale and Omeo are, and I can see no reason why Bruthen should not be included in an arrange ment of this kind. The shire secretary has received a telegram from DMr. P. B. Wallace to the effect that the long talked of mountain trip of His Excellency the Governor and party is about to take place, and that they will leave Melbourne on Tuesday the 12th, (to-morrow). I have not heard definitely if the party will come through Omeo, but should think they would, or why the telegram. If it is intended to give them anything like a reception there is very little time allowed to prepare. Tlhe country is very much dried up, and bushfires are becoming prevalent, MLr. J. Short, selector, having lost both fencing and grass through a fire that occurred rather mysteriously. MIr. Short was a victim last year, having a stack of hay, shed, etc., destroyed in a similar manner. Ile is of opiinion that it is the work of an incendiary, and if so 'tis a pity thlue scoundrel cannot be caught. When the fire was raging the other day, and volunteers were working desperately to keep it from getting to the holding of a settler of Teutonic origin, the fiaderlander himself rode qluietly uip and looked on. One of the volunteers asked him " Why the blazes he didn't helpl to save his own pro perty ?" "Mine's a vire vence, ndul it can't hurt much," he answered, and rode off Cool, very. The crops this year will be light in this district, owving to the continuedt dry weather. OM) O CIIICKI:T C[Il. A meeting of the comnmittee of the alrve club was held at Crisp's liotel on Saturday night to consider a letter frot tilhe Iairnsdale club, whichl inti inated that a Bairnsdalo tenllu would visit Omeo and play a nltchll nI Satur loay, the 31t inct, The president, Mr. Onge, occupied the chair. T'lhe letter frotm lnairnwsdalo stated that the ,lst was the most suitable ldale for them, oswing to hop-licking, etc., and also ro gretting that they w0re unabnle to play Otlieo last seasonl. hloved by MAr. os teeor that the letter ie ncektnoledged, trud that the hlairnsdale club bie inluorned the list inst. will ble i suitablhie dato, isalo nsking for the uame. oif thelt visiting teant.-Secoilded liv C. 11. 11lg1 ,on nd earrriedl,-Mvei' bty Mr. Itlhtls that the mnatoh colunilttos eleet I?" ltue tior practice, nod that Mr. Ongo be ap pointed practice onptain.-Seconded by MIr. Foster and carried. It was resolved to give a complimentary ball to tlhe visitors on the night of the 30th inst. The committee then adjourned. 