Agricultural and Pastoral Notes. From all quarters come reports notifying that landholders are making active prepara tions for the united attack on the rabbit pest on the 10th inet, Shire Councils without an exoeptiOQi appe&r; «o. 08 esgei id voe uiaiver y and the inspectors have issued the required fourteen days' notice. In many instances, landholders have already oommenoed, and the results have been of a most gratifying IimJ I Inait. M SLa tflMAV Sn« l!A fnMn AA a! ItlUUl 1/UilU «Ut3 WCCUj IUS VUUIUIUUVC VI the Vermin Boards bad a lengthy sitting in Melbourne, and a great unanimity of feeling prevailed with regard to the necessity of attacking the rabbits with every means at present known for securing their destruction. The enormous size of some of the mallee blocks will be found a great obstacle in the way of success, as with out population it will be next to impossible to subdue the pest. There has been no im portant change in the weather, the con cluding operations in connection With the harvesting of grain and the labour of de livery at the railway stations occupying the attention of the 'farmers. One or two bush- fires have been experienced daring the week — a conflagration in the ! Meredith district causing considerable damage. In New South Wales, we learn from our exchanges, immensely beavy rain has fallen over the south-west. Not many days ago the pastoral outlook was disheartening in every detail ; it is now bright and cheering. It was far heavier inland than along the coasts. In fact, where the rain was most needed it fell in torrents. The Darling, Murray, Murrumbidgee, Bogan, Louth, Lachlan, and other rivers are running as teey have not run for many years past. At Wil cannla, and as far as known westward of that centre, some lOin. of rain fell ; Bourke about 4in ; Enngonia and Barrigun. shout 4in. The Bogan is overflowing at Nycgan, and the river at Louth rose loft ; at Bou.-ks, 3ft., since falling. Bain lighter above Walgett on Upper Barwon. but it has ex tended away into Queensland. New Bag- land and Liverpool Plains need more rain, and many parts of the coast district need a drenching. That a water famine is imminent in the shire of Echuca is evident from the following telegram received on Monday from the locad council by the Water Supply Department : — "Council completed drain twenty miles — fifteen miles supplied. Tongila and Kanyapella still famishing. Water in Campaspe suddenly given out. Pump dried up. Is it possible to let down river from Malmsbury reservoir to relieve present dis tress. Quantity required, tendays' pumping. " Mr. Langtree was inclined to consider the Malmsbury proposal impracticable on ac count of the distance the water would have to travel, but he has instructed the local inspector to send down 5 OOO.OOOgals. of water daily from the Malmsbury reservoir to supply the country about Rochester. Harvest operations are fast drawing to a close at Maffra, the weather being all that could be desired for harvest work. The crops generally have turned out satisfactorily, and especially barley. Some crops of this grain have returned as much as seventy -five bushels au acre. Mr. Alexander Campbell, of Upper Maffra, had fifty acres Oregon in, and got 613 bags, or about fifty bushels an acre, notwithstanding the caterpillar had done great destruction before it was cut. The wheat crops have also returned well, some going about forty bushels to the acre. The samples are very good generally. Grasshoppers are doing great damage to everything green. The trait gardens are being quite destroyed, peaches and other stone fruit being eaten while growing, and but the bare stones left on the trees. The various kind of hedges are now divested of nearly all their leaves, and look as though fire had gone through them. Grass is now a thing of the past here. Our Avoca correspondent writes : — ' The bush fires which commenced last week are still burning fiercely. The one at Mount Cole, near Amphitheatre, is reported to be the largest one ever seen there, and the one at Number Two Creek has spread to Percydale, a distance of over three miles. The last named fire has destroyed over 2,000 acres of grass, and approached to within thirty yards of the Kara Kara slate quarries. On Saturday last upwards of 150 men were at the scene of the fire, endeavour- J ing to extinguish it and prevent it from j spreading further, but as everything is dry I with the intense heat Which prevails, the fires may yet prove more troublesome if not carefully watched. " The soil in the Korong Vale districts appears to be thoroughly pdapted for potato- growing. Air. J. J. Allan (the looal correspondent of the 14 Independent" states) sowed about a quarter of an acre of land with potatoes last year, and took no more heed , of caem uii lately, wnen ne went ana dug up a few plants, and found they were loaded with splendid potatoes; and as sound as possible, which proves that, with i season like last, potatoes would be a very profitable line in this district, as the land must be suitable for them. The ' Numurk&h; Standard" takes comfort from the faofc that although growers in tbat district are receiving on an average 3s. 3d. per bushel for wheat, matters might be worse, it says ' " We have before us a letter from a resident at Dakota — the centre of one of the great wheat-growing belts in the United States— and the writer draws a. very vivid picture of the state of things in his district. To quote: — 'Here it h&s; beeu quiet ell through the year, and it does r-ot eem to improve a greet deal as yet, and I am afraid j;?t won't for another ..year in this eection. Crops are not very large, and prides for wheat unusually low, only 49c, (2s.0$d,), the lowest lifc'SisknllBl-war and the writer adds that the whole district is dependent on agriculture. The above information we can rely oil, the letter having been handed to us by the addressee, our esteemed townsman, Mr./. O. Trengrovo And the report can hardly be considered an enooaraging one. We admit that, in the States, railway freight oo grain is considerably less than in Victoria In this colony, where the grower is charged 6d. per bushel, hie / American confrere Ib charged 3d. Bat this is a matter that is at present engaging the attention of the Bail-' way Commissioners, and our farmers should reap the benefit of a cheap transit for their grain before the next season." We understand (writes the "Wimmera star") that the pineA at the Lougerenong nursery sprung dp so thickly, although they were considerably thinned last winter, as to be detrimental to each other's growth. We then mentioned the faet that several thousands could well be spared, and it now transpires tbat the nursery would have been muoh better off had more been distributed. As it is, the trees will be far advanced by next Slay, and several of what might have turned oat good trees will perish. It is to be hoped that the Government will see their way to offer the trees to the farmers early in the season, tbroagh the shires, as was done last year. It is bettor that trees should surround the farmers' holdings than that they should be destroyed. Some of the mallee lessees have their task cut oat in destroying rabbits in the mallee, and good weak is being done in several oaees. The " Wimifiera Star is informed that last week Mr. P. Gildea's sons, who have a block beyond Warraoknabeal, destroyed no less than 3,000 rabbits with dogs, traps, and poisoned chaff. Still the locality seems to be quite alive with them. Great complaints are being made by the holders at the state of about 300 acres reserved by the Government for the purpose of some day founding an experi mental farm, for it is said to be the breeding ground of the pests, and as faBt as the surrounding lands are cleared they are again inundated from this reserve. The " Baechas Marsh Express" thus refers to the matter of irrigation " The pro prietor o! the " Wangaratta Chronicle ' has offered a prize of £20 for the best essay upon irrigating that district from local rivers. No essay upon the subject is required. Given the land to he irrigated, all that has to be found is a site upon the river banks which will give a suitable offtake at a sufficient elevation to command that area. All the rest' is ditching work, which any party of diggers could carry out. Toe con ditions necessary in a suitable site for off take re muoh the same as ttose reqairei in a bridge sits —namely, sound banks ant bed -preferably rock, of coursa. There is no royal road to suacesa in irrigation, neither is there anything of a difficult character about it." Threshing operations (says the " Talbot Leader") are now in full swing around Talbot, and show that the crops vary considerably in quantity. Mr. Thomas Trebilcook, of Liliour, has thrashed an average of 40 bushels of wheat to the acre all round. Mr. Hansen, of Emu, reports an average of 20 bushels of wheat and 27 of oats to the acre. Mr. Nielson. of Monnt Greenock, had no wh&at;, but says his hay crop was generally light, being about tons to the acre. He had very little land under cereal orop, the principal being barley, which yielded a little over 22 oasoels to tQ8 a r A well-attended meeting of the Sheppar- vou ana iower ijouiDurn valley Agricul tural and Pastoral ocie y ,vas held on Saturday, at which the question of a prize for shorthorn bull, exhibited at the late show, was agam brought under notice. The first prize for the same was paid some time ago to Mr. Barker, a protest by that gentleman against the prize being awarded to Mr. Herdman, o Dookie Ex perimental Farm, Gashel, on the grounds, that it was not his bona fide, property, being considered fatal. However, Mr. Herdman, on Saturday, transmitted a letter from the secretary, acknowledging the bull had been entered for competi tion, and in the face of this the com mittee decided to give the prize to Mr. Herdman. A special meeting of the Melton Shire Council was held last week, the busi ness being to take steps for co-operating with adjoining shires in enforcing the Rabbit Act. An inspector was appointed for the north and east ridings, also a competent man to superintend the mixing of the poisoned grain, and to look after the South Riding as well. For the present, the council will meet weekly at Toolern, a place situate in the centre of the shire. The council will sell phosphorised -grain to small and other holders of in fested country, who may require the same, and vigorous action will also be taken to en force the provisions of the Act, so as to reduce the rabbit pest within such limits as to pre vent them being the plague they are here at present. Owing to the continued dry weather, the country looks miserable, and everything is at a standstill in consequence, and if steps are not taken to help the poor people to get a plentiful supply of good water, the result will be shortly that the few remaining residents will have to leave the district, and sell out to the large landed proprietors, .as has been done in many cases already. The harvest at Nhill is practically over. uarge quantities oi wneat are being put in the market. Some large holders are disposed to retain half for better prices,' or uu'il the rail way comes. The wind a fortnight ago laid down some crops of wheat. Mr. Hensley and others have thereby lost abont one hag per acre. The extremely low price of wheat is causing a melancholy facial expression to become almost permanent among the farmers. We have received the list of prizes to be offered for competition at the twenty-eighth annual exhibition -of the Baringhup and Maldon Agricultural Society, which takes plaoe at Baringhup on the eleventh of next month. Entries, addressed to the secretary, Mr. W. Roli&son;, Baringhup East, will not he entertained after 8 p.m. on Monday, 9th March. Mool-jit is ihe nearest railway station to this show- ground, whioh is about eix mil 08 diets Dt. Some ; time ago the Lowau Shire Council I applied to the Water Supply Department I for the putting down of ainre for water at Nhill. Regarding Nhill as onq-flf IfflfcplAOW- in the arid districts which ought to he tested, the Minister has decided to accede to the request at the earliest opportunity. The only difficulty in the way is the pur chase of one of Wright and Edwards's water augers, which cost about £1,750. No money is available for this purpose, but the Treasurer will be asked to provide for the amount in next year's estimates. The local council will bear half the cost. Mr. T. Murray, of Melbourne, was ap- g tinted shire engineer to the ahir© of chuca, and was instructed by the council to complete the plans and call for tenders for the ironwork of the new water tower supply. The Campaspe is in a very low state just now, owing to the Echuca Shire Council pumping for the district of Timmering, Kya.hra.rn, and Tongala both day and night for the last two mouths. The last-named district iB still without water. The Cam paspe stopped running to day, and pumping operations were abandoned. The shire have telegraphed to Malmsbury to let a supply run from the reservoir/ The drought in this district is very great. 