TEE report of the Education Department for the year 1884-5. has just been presented to Parliament. It is a matter for wonder how it is, that with such a large staff as the department empluye, the report cannot be presented as early as it should be. The report itself is merely A summary of returns, and these should be available, under decent management, much earlier than they are. The number of schools in operation was 1803, with 222,054 children on the roll, and an average attendance of 120,707. This 'shows that there must be many parents who do not value the schools as a medium ofgivingtheir children a useful education, fitting them for the battle of life, but that children in many instances are sent to school merely be- cause the law requires that they should be sent. It is to be hoped that the children of the present generation will be wiser in their day than their parents are. The low average attendance, compared with the number of children available, leads us to reiterate our opinion that the number of dave on which attendance iB compulsory should be increased considerably. It is satisfactory, however, to note that the average attendance for the year was the highest on record. There was a decrease of J711 in the number of distinct individual children enrolled, and this is accounted for by children over .the school age having been . withdrawn and by families having removed to localities ' where there were no schools. The withdrawal of children' of 15 years of age is not a matter for-s Tegret, as bj the time they have attained that age, thej should have begun their ^technical studies, or in other words, should " liave been put to learasome trade or profession. If, however, the-daye-ef-eompulsory -attendance were increased, and compliance with the, Jaw .'vigorojisly ^n BI atęd' on, we may be sure that but few children would remain at school until they had reached the age of 15. Certificates exempting children from attendance at Bchoolare issued to those who attain a certain standard, and in the cases of many poor families they: have proved a boon. That standard is not a very high one, and there is no child of ordinary intelligence who attends.school regularly, who could not easily attain it by the age of 13 years. Thus parents who do not cause their children to attend school regularly, really rob thpmselves and their children 'of two years of business life. It is worthy of remark that during! the year the number of certificates issued was more than 2000 less than during the preceding year. With the increased.average attendance this cau mean,Only one. o£ two things—either that the inspectors have been more than usually erecting, or the instruction in the schools hau not been honestly given. The report estimates that during the yearthere were nearly ] 8,000. children • of school age not at- tending school. "The actual number, judging by the number of urchins who may "be seen playing about the streets of the larger towns, would probably be much greater. This indicates that the machinery for enforcing the compulsory clauses of the Act is defective. It only deals with children whose names are on the school rolls who do not put in the 30 days' attendance, hut those who are unknown to the teachers or whose names have not been entered on the new rolls at the commencement of lhe year,escape notice- The object of the law was totally different, and was intended that children should be hunted up and brougbtinto the schools The average cost of educating the children is large, though less than for the previous year—£3 18s Hid—and s the existing schools would, Berve to rovide for the education o£ those who o not attend, and that without further ost, it is quite time that some alteration in the manner of enforcing the compulsory clauses was devised and applied as Parliament originally intended. A little child about 5 years of age," the son Mr JessePensom, met with an accident yesterday afternoon. When descending the gallery at the State school he slipped and fell through a space caused by a broken rail on the side. The fall was not very great but it was sufficient to cause a fracture of the right arm near the shoulder Mr Storie had the little fellow taken over to Dr Faulkner who set the arm, after which he was taken home. As previously announced a meeting will be held in the South Room of the "Mechanics' on Saturday night for the purp3se of establishing a Try Excelsior Class. Lads above the age of ten years are specially invited to attend. The real Simon Pure who was wanted for passing valueless cheques on Messrs Dale and Johnson has been arrested at Kaywood, and was conveyed to Kyneton on Tuesday night. The prisoner issued the cheques signed by John Egan, but Sergeant Mayes immediately cognised him as Alfred Johnson Krohn a Swede who had occasioned him some trouble at Lancefield. Krohn was brought before Mr G. W. Johnson J. P. yesterday morning and remanded till Tuesday next. He does not deny having issued the cheques, but says by way of explanati n that being bad with " fog fever " he was advised " to have a big drunk." He followed that advice only too well, and while drunk made si purchases, from whom he does not remember, getting in addition to the goods, cash in exchange, which he saysheiuis drunk. Mr Seebeck, saw miller of East Trentharn, met with & rather serious accident on Tuesday while engaged at the bench. He was working with a circular saw, and by some means the back of his left hand came in contact with the teeth, and the three first fingers were taken clean of£ while the little finger was also damaged. Mr Seebeck came to Kyneton, and had his injuries attended to by ! Dr. Faulkner. At a meeting of the Executive Council on Monday last an order was passed for the formation of detachments of the Mounted Rifle force, amongst other plaoes, at Woodend, Kyneton, Casfiemauie, Gisborne, and Daylesford. These detachments will be collectively distinguished as the B Company. There was no meeting of the Malmsbury Borough Council on Tuesday night, -an adjournment for a week having been arranged for owing to the races at Melbourne. On Tuesday evening the monthly meeting of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute was held. Messrs Castles, Elliott, Hoyle, Hughes (president), Sands and J. & S. Thomson were present. The Secretary :reported"re6eipts for month as L34 14s 6d ; and accounts amounting to L9 16s lid were presented for payment. A letter from Miss Howarth asking for reduction of rent on room held by her, was held, over to next meeting. The seats of Messrs Andrews, Murray, and M'U wrath were declared vacant, owing to absence from meetings; these gentlemen, however, were re-elected. It was decided to permit' Mi Smithwick to retain possession of stables, &c.;, until end of November, An application from Mrs Dutton for permis sion to cut and remove grass was granted. The Secretary was instructed to erase from the catalogue a book' bearing.the title ef "The Mnmmer'a Wife.^j';': A lamentable accident Jjappened on Saturday, by which Mr George flwiey, brother of MrB. Cawsey/of the Junction Hotel, lost his life. The BaVarat Star referring to the accident, says;—' shocking fatality occurred , at. Ararat on Saturday afternoon. Mr F- Gamson, chemist, a young man . named George -Ggwsey; his son-in-law, and Mr _F. Smith, surveyor, jrsnt.out asa shooting party. They were" ftfet % a young man named Herberteon, and-.waited W.line near the mount. Three Bhots weTS but on cooeying for Cawsey when it was time to return no answer was given,: and on searching in the -direction where the last shot was heard he - was found .'lying dead alongside the brush 'fence, with & gnn on the opposite mde of the fence, and a fearful wound in his left side. Apparently the gun most bays exploded when the deceased was attempting to get over a fence." To add to the sorrow of the event, the deceased gentleman -'was only married about 12 months, and leaves a widow and infant. 'He tras managing a tation on the or four weeks ago t^asputtinl^in alioli- it day with his Irotlier in ' Kyneton. He was the eldestaan bf Mtjpeoijge; Cawsay, 3 — of Me^umej and-mu^ reg^t is felt .by the numerous friends of the family. Mr Frank Wade, of the local branch of the Savings' Bank, has been promoted to,the Commissioners' Office, Melbourne, ind will bo succeeded by< y tr Win. 'Eddy, of that office. Though the many friends of Mr Wade will regret Ms departure, they will be pleased to know that that gentleman obtained advancement. On Tuesday, a little daughter of Mr Alfred Currey's, the truant inspector, had the misfortune to have her right hand severely injured by an explosion of gunpowder, but her escape from still more serioiiB injury appears miraculous. The child who is not quite eleven years of age, discovered a flask of gunpowder in the yard at the rear of the house, which is situated in Mollison Street. With two younger brothera she adjourned to the kitchen fire-place and began pouring the powder upon the fire. The consequence was, as a matter of course, a violent explosion. Mr Currey was standing at. the front of the house talking and hearing the noise and the children's cries, at onco ran in. The girl's right hand was bleeding profusely, and Mr Currey took her in his arms to Dr Pestell, "who drove them to Dr Langford's, where the little one's injuries were attended to. The thumb was found to be so severely injured as to necessitate amputation which wps quickly and successfully performed. There was also dislocation of the lower joint and her eyebrows were somewhat singed. One of the boys had the hair burnt off the back of his head and his brother escaped with few sparks ou his face. The force of the explosion was so great as to cause the chimney visibly to r0ck, and the j MriArf report Tjraa was heard haatv? at af. the ł.łlft distance niflĆSLnm Of łłf TIAArlv nearly • a mile. The canister was blown up the chimney, and coming in contact with an iron bar tras reduced to a scorched and shapeless mass. The powder is supposed to have been " planted " by some bovs in readiness for the celebration of Guy Fawkes' Day, to-day being the anniversary of the Gunpowder Plot. It should have been mentioned that the girl's dress caught fire, but Mr Currey succeeded in quenching it before it did much damage. When the evening train arrived at Woodend from Daylesford on Monday, it was discovered that the Btraw with which one of the trucks was loaded, was on fire. The truck was run under one of the stand pipes, and the hose was got out and placed in position. So low was the pres-, sure, however, that it was not until an engine at the other stand pipe ceased taking in wafer that the hose became of any service. The tarpaulin had been pulled off,' and some of the burning mass had been thrown off the truck, and as water was now plentiful, the flames were quickly subdued. The only interference with the traffic was a brief delay to the Melbourne bound train. The station hands under the direction of the stationmaster, Mr Davies, worked vigorously and received valuable^ assistance from Messrs Jas. Evans, Chapman, and others. Mr Chapman narrowly escaped accident by falling from the truck, but he was saved in his descent by Mr Gravell. Examination of the truck indicated that the fire had originated at the bottom of the load. In July last the attention of Minister of i griculture was called by Mr J. Harris, M. L. A., to the serious loss which the colony appeared to be sustaining owing to the ravages of the codlin month and other insect pests, and it was suggested that a report should be obtained as to the most effective measure for checking such pests. The secretai? for agriculture eolleoted a large amount of information on the subject and reported that the codlin moth had established itself in the Keilor, Kyneton, Geelong, Castlemaine, ballarat, Heidelberg, and Melbonme districts. The Argus says that the Minister, after having fully considered the report, thinks it necessary to introduce a bill on somewhat the same lines as the act recently passed in Tasmania for dealing with the codlin moth. It is, however, proposed to make the bill apply to fruit insect perss generally, and not Bimplv to this one. The TasmanianActprovides for the declaration of clean and unclean districts by the Governor in Council. The occupier of an orchard in the unclean districts must contribute to " the Codlin Moth Fund", which is established to meet expenses incurred under the act, a sum not exceeding one halfpenny for every tree growing in his orchard, and a further levy of halfpenny the first contribution is not sufficient to meet all lawful changes. JChe Governor in Council has power.to appoint inspectors, and to mate regulations fortheir guidance, for prescribing the manner in which infected trees and fruit shall be treated, and the steps to be taken for the destruction of the moth. Persons conveying infected fruit, or receptacles which have contained such fruit, into clean districts arc made Jiabla t<i fines, and various other necessary provisions for -preventing the spread of the disease are introduced. An effort will be made to submit the proposed bill to Parliament during the present session. There was some little curiosity felt a few months Ago, states the Pall Wall Gazette, about a law adopted by the French Legislature for providing free edupątion and board to every fifth child in a family. The reason for this 'bounty comes out clearly enongh nom ithe French population returns for 188i, which .have j ast been published, bat were , no doubt .already before Ministers when the law in question was introduced. The decrease, in number of births in France remain* obstinately stationary, while that of ^deaths- slightly increases, the result being that the excess of birthB over deaths -has fallen from 172,943 in 1874, to 78,474 m 1883, or 64 per cent in ten years. To show the significance of these figures one may remark that the excess of births over deaths in any onp year in the United Kingdom is some-, whereabout 450,000. Whether the bounty system will dorigood "is, -decidedly, doubtful; rbut miless ięnpj^gg^fMi^be" done to avert the downward movement, the time will come wbenthe population of France will actually decline. "' '•' .. The -annnal ^report of the -^Education Pepar^ripnt iwa Justbeea pabligjiecl f A, -GJ Cuiłep^Sj. of the Snspfectora,; nunciatioii of the cWdreij, and also of their teachers. He 1 writes *Tn 1 hardly a school intheidistrigt f found proper attention paid'to the: pronunciationofthe aspirate. The febildien drop' their -h's without correction, and in some cases the teachers set them die example. From the Cockney and Cornish, Ithe' disease has ;nreadto the Scotch and Irish. "We are in a fait ^ v of becoming a nation without a h in our' vocabu^T" Fr ? m tfhoir you will be pretty Z™ to ^ eaven and 'oil,' and * 'eljt, oly, ' The average porter shoutsouf '.'Awihorn and * 'Awtaburn,' and the average cabman, \- Emerald ?illa' - -There are _ other weak points in Victorian pronunciation, but this, I think, is the worst." < Now that the bushfire .season -isapproaching, the following, by the London correspondent of the Jrgus, ia worthy 1 of ' 'aiTOnprominiiffi'e to; being aldn to {he national idiot ijsjibe; wea who lights his pipe aid throws down the match~in a state "of iin,i,i,.hti'n ^mbuE®LonT . Llhedle^B li«> ot the -chances bf i&; >setti^ .fire 'to tne'< next petticoat which trails over it. A poor lady is now lying in the hospital Jna precarious state througK "a ''so-called accident ;of; this nature in the garden of Inventions. There is no reason why the flames from her clothes should not have_ been communicated to"S0 "other wonjen, and a perfect holocaust havebeen produfced. The.perilous fool, who does this sort of mischief, is not so senseless as to be unaware that there is danger in his not extinguishing his match ; but the risk is not his risk. He reckessness is not therefore mere folly, but sheer selfishness. The offence is less. pardonable as there are cigar lights, quite as cheap as the dangerous and stinking "blazer," which do not flame after they have served their purpose ; while as to the wax light, it has only to be blown out. That a man should not expend one breath, to insure the safety of a fellow-creature from the most terrible of deaths, is indeed a shocking reflection." Some, little time ago a clergyman in England, the Rev. Mr Kennedy, advised his congregation to vote as they chose, protecting themselves from the consequence by telling lies.' In connection with this matter, the London correspondent of the Argus writes as follows :— " I am glad that The Times has not refused to shut its columns to those who advocate the other side of the question as regards Mr Kennedy's moral teaching. That gentleman never recommended lying to voters, but only of two necessary evils to choose lhe lesser. To tell a lie is certainly less injurious than to act one, especially when the acting injures others as well as ourselves. What The Times seems to keep out of sight is the infinitely greater crime of these"who*make"eva necessary. Moreover, it seems to ignore the fact that •• -L _ ; »i when the ballot was conferred upon poor men to protect them from intimidation, it did not contemplate their martyrdom. A labourer who has his wife and children to support iB at the mercy of his employer, and if that person orders him to vote contrary to his conscience, it is demanding more than we have any right to expect of him that he should refuse to obey. The most high-flown journalist, who bids him show his independence, would, underthe same circumstanceshuwnothingofthe kind himself. The probability is that, like Ithe ruffian of melodrama, he would say, '"I must dissemble," but the ruffian would not be he, but his employer. The proper remedy for all this is not a recommendation from those who are in no danger, to " be a man," which means in this case a martyr, but the infliction of the same punishment upon the intimidator, whether principal or agent, as is now awarded for bribery. Above all, let it be well understood that such conduct, if properly proven, will make any election null and void." 