UPPER MURRAY. Feb. 12. (from our own correspondent.) Tbe annual meeting of ihe Coriyong Athenaeum — postponed from Jannaij 31st to the 7th inst., for the purpose of baring a proper balance-sheet drawn out, which could not be done nntil the re- turn of the bank-book — was resumed on that date. The bank-beok not being forthcoming, tbe chairman (Mr Harris) asked the meiting wheth-r they thought it advisable to go on with the election of a new committee, cr fnrther postpone it, No objections being raised, tho election was proceeded with ; Mr J. Hanson occupying tbe chair tho mean "line. It was proposed by Mr Pariy, and seconded by Mr W. Si li = van, that tbe committee for the past year Le re-tlec!ed. Mr James Wheeli-r, one of the late com mittee, declir eJ, and proposed in bii- stead Mr John McColly. This was seconded by Mr Harris, and c>rried. Mr Parry's motion being then put to the meeting, it was carried, with thai one exception, and he congratnla'ed the com mittee on thiir re-election. Mr Hairis replied, on behalf of tbe committee ; and there bi-iug no other business of im portince, the meeting adjourned. A slorm passed over here on Friday last, when the lightning struck a tree at Tbongla and set fire to the grass, which is very l->ng in that locality, and had it not being for a few willing bands, assist?d by a smart sho-vtr, a serious bush-firs wonld have occurred. A good quantity of rain fell duriDg Friday night and Satnrday, since which tbe air lias Kuan nAnci/lnrnkltr Anntar aurl wafpenmrf UCGU WWUCIUUI UViJ WUIilUI BUM AWttVKMiMfjt A conctrt was held in the Corryong Athenmum on Saturday, 7th inst., for the purpose of raisiug funds towards the erection of a Church of England building io the township. About 250 persons were present. The first item on tbe programme was a duet by Mr P. Bnrke (violin) and M!es I. Burke (piano), which was well appreciated by tbo audience. MiEs A. Waters and Mr James Hirris, sen., sang " Hunting-tower," and an encore was demanded, when they sang, " Ye Banks and Braes," with good effect. A violin solo by Mr P. Bnrke was given in fine style. Miss Bartlett's " Auld Robin Gray" was well sung, and Mr W. Davis's " Darling Jennie" was well appreciated. Miss Bartlett and Miss Margaret Harris sang tbe du«t, " Two Cousins," which was splendidly sung, and took great effect on the audience. Mr Mackay came next with " The Death of Nelsou," and acquitted himself well. Miss I Burke gave " The Song for Mo" with good taste. A reading by Miss Bartlett, " Betsy and I are Out," followed, and cansed great merriment, especially amongst the yonuger portion of the audience. An interval of ten minutes was indulged in, after which the solo, " Irish Diamonds," by Miss Gregorv, was tastefully played on the piano. Mr James Harris, sen., recited " The CrookenPlayed," which was highly appreciated, and cries of " Encora" were raised ; bnt as time was limited, ten many encoreB were disallowed. Miss Burke's next number, "For Yon, for Me," was well given. Mr Mackay's " Mary of Argylo" was sung in that gentleman's best style, and was loudly applauded. MissA. Waters came next, with " Dabiin Bay" which she did full justice to. A second recitation by MisB Bartlett, a continua tion of " Betsv and I are Out." was as well appreciated as the former part. Miss Margret Harris sang " Ehren on the Rhiue." This young lady has only lately come ont as a singer, and if she goes un improving, as she gives promise of doing, Corryong will no donht have something to boast of. An encore was accorded her last song, when she gave " Homing mro mo aye in arsi-ciass style. A pianoforte solo by Miss Bnrke was well and tastefully played. Miss Bartlett gave " Dear Erin, tho' Parted from Thee" with marked effect. Mr W. Davis sang " The Dutchman's Dog," in character, which was highly appreciated. His get-np for the occasion was really good, and although a little nervous in his firi-t song, be was qa'.te at home with the " 1'tUe dog." In response to an encore, he sang the " Little German Band," and retired amidst great ap plause. Misses Gregory, Bartlett, Burke, and Q. Bartlett officiated on tlie piano throughout the evening. " God Save the A lit 4UA anrannn ti hvAtinltf Ann FIT VUPGU tJj vuu UAUtaguv uuu vi the best and most orderly concerts held in Coiryong to a close, and everyone re tired well pleased with their night's entertainment. 