Stock Movements and State of the Country. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] NORMANTON, June 10. Five hundred fat cattle recently left Camooweal for the Sydney markets. The weather is cool and cloudy, and there are indications of rain. COOKTOWN, June 10. Showery weather still continues. During tho last few days strong south-east winds have boen prevalent, with heavy rain squalls, but confined to the coast. Grass is getting dry inland. From the 3rd instant to date the average maximum shade temperature at noon was 78'; minimum, 76*; lowest reading, 68". Tho rainfall during the same period was l*o4in. MAYTOWN, June 10. During the last fortnight strong east winds havo prevailed here, with slight dew at night. Much anxiety is felt owing to the want of rain. To-day a light drizzling rain ia falling. CAIRNS, June 10. The weather is cold and showery. The rain fall for the past week waa o'6oin. BOWEN, June 10. The weather ia now cold, with sharp cutting winds. The sky iB cloudy and has a rainy appearance. ROCKHAMPTON, June 5. The weather to-day has been cloudy and warm. Light showers fell early this morning, and a drizzling rain for an hour during the forenoon. This afternoon a heavy shower fell, lasting about an hour. June 11. Showers fell here to-day and also this even ing, but did little more than lay the dust. MARYBOROUGH, June 6, The short supply of water and grass on the neighbouring stations, particularly on the Bur nett, is causing anxiety about tho winter. Considering that over 300,000 horses and cattle are largely dependent upon a rainfall soon, the outlook is cettainly serious. Fat cattle are consequently hardening in price, and stores going down in proportion. The meat works are at present purchasing fats at 14s. per 1001b. dressed. On the plantations a really capital crushing season is going on. No advance in the price of cane or juice is yet made, notwith standing the assured increase in the value of sugar. _ GYMPIE, June 5. The weather has been very mild during the week, and a few showers have fallen at intervals, just sufficient to make the roads very heavy for travelling. So far the season haa been very favourable for farmers and pastoralists. JUNDAH, June 9. A mob of 350 fat bullocks, the broperty of Measra. Cox, Dowling, and Co., Connemara, gassed through on the 7th instant, bound for ydney, Mr. Galvin in charge. Three hundred fat bullocks, a prime lot, left Messrs. Simpson and Affleck's Corella station to-day, bound for Sydney, Messrs. Watkins and Morgan, pur chasers, Mr. J. T. Morgan in charge. The weather ia atill keeping dry. June 11. It has been raining since this morning, with every appearance of a good downpour. Six-hundred fat bullocks, the property of Mesara. Arming Bros., of Charlotte Plains stations. Flinders River, are now passing, bound for Sydney. Two-thirds of them are Erime and good weights. Mr. Albert Williams iin charge. The country ia in splendid order for travelling. WINTON, May 31. Water and grass is scarce on the Ayrshire Downs road, and the coach between here and Hughenden will soon be blocked. A large mob of horses passed here bound for the Flinders last week. Another mob of 70 (Mr. Milaon) ia atill here. Ten thouaand sheep, in charge of Mr. M'Bain, travelling to Toorak, vid Elderalie; also, 500 head of fat cattle from Tarbrax to Dubbo. Rain reported at Fermoy last week; quan- tity not stated. ADAVALE, June 4. The weather still keeps warm and dry; no appearance of winter. The following stock movements have to be recorded :—From Tintinchilla, 400 fat bullocks for Sydney; Messrs. Cudmore, Swan, and Co., owners; Mr. Maddox in charge. From same station and owners, 400 fat bullocks; Mr. Hay in charge. (These two mobs are considered in prime condition.) From Milo, 10,000 fat wethers for Rockhampton : Messrs. Cudmore, Swan, and Co., owners; Mr. Jameison in charge. From Mount Morris, 1000 store bullocks, bound West; Mr. Bond, owner; Mr. Mullens in charge. From Boondoon, 800 mixed store cattle for sale (Cudmore and Yeates, owners), bound South; Mr. C. Phillatt in charge. From Lsstowel Downs, 1200 store cattle, bound North; Messrs. Burkelehara and Lambert, owners; Mr. Foley in charge. From same run and owners, 1200 store cattle; Mr. M'Lean in charge. HUGHENDEN, June 6. The weather is very dry and warm, and rain 1b much required. The Winton-road is now closed for the mail coach. BLACKALL, May 29. There has as yet been no change in the dry weather which haa been prevalent for the last few weeks. They are wishing for rain further west, and although grass is said to be plentiful it is very dry. It is expected stock will not retain their good condition much longer, as in consequence of feed not being so plentiful and easily procured as it was the animals will only get half rations, as it were, and that combined with the winter will soon pull them down. There have been no stock movements this week. From Jundah it is reported that a splendid lot of brood draught mares have Eassed that place, bound for Messrs. Muir and learraonth's Corona station, Catherine Creek, and Mr. Hugh Fraser has just arrived at his station, Glenlea, with 1650 good-conditioned mixed cattle, purchased at Peakvale station for re-stocking. TAROOM, June 1. Recent stock movements have been :—On the '21st May Mr. W. Ross passed through with 12,000 sheep from New South Wales, travelling for grass, going in the direction of Dalby. This person gives a deplorable account of the country passed through in the Maranoa dis trict, not a vestige of grass to be seen for hundreds of miles. A small lot of 30 fat bul locks passed near here on the 30th May for Mr. H. Dyer, of Miles, from Mr. Kable's Lilyvale run, Mr. H. Phipps in charge. These are long-framed heavy-weight bullocks. There are now passing 400 head of bullocks from Mr. Mayne's Ghin Ghinda run, recently purchased by the Messrs. Collins, of Tararookum, and going in that direction, in charge of Mr. Mayne. I also hear of a lot of 600 store bul locks—a very fine lot from Glenhaughton—the property of Mr. M'Connel, going to Cress- brook, in charge of Mr. Rickards, within a day's stage of here; will camp on the reserve to night. June 8. The weather ia cloudy. There waa a heavy frost laat night, and the first ice of the year was seen this morning. Grass is fast dis appearing, and the country is very dry. ROMA, June 9. Eleven thousand sheep have passed here for Nive Downs; also 1100 store bullocks, the pro- perty of Mr. James Lalor, for Now South Wales. The weather ia very cold. June 11. Since tho 17th February, when l'Slin. of rain fell, only o'6Bin. has fallen here. A drizzling rain commenced this afternoon, but, although the weather is cloudy all round, pastoralists fear that the rain is not likely to continue. The country around Mitchell is almost a com plete deaert, and travellers report that the country between Mitchell and Charleville ia no better. The creeks are drying up faat. WARWICK, June 10. The weather still continues dry, though there are indications of rain, which is badly wanted. Grass and water are giving out, but stock look well, considering the long and continuous drought. The wheat crop ia coming up in patches, and, unless rain comes soon, the pros pects of a payable harvest will be poor. GOOBURRUM, June 1. Weather still very dry. Rain much needed, and the settlers hard put to it to obtain water for the cattle. Fortunately many of them have a little sugar-cane growing which makes good winter feed. The weather is becoming gradually colder. DRAYTON, June 6. There passed here to-day 46CD breeding ewes from Woribone, Balonne to Clifton, Mr. John Ferguson in charge. STANTHORPE, June 10. The weather has continued dry during the past week, but there is every appearance of rain to-day. Sharp frosts were experienced several mornings lately, with ice lin. thick. PIMPAMA, June 8. Cold, rather sharply so, yet not frosty, although the thermometer at half-past 9 this morning showed no more than 54' in the sun. The fields look browner every week, fast approaching the bush-fire degree, which tires will probably be fierce enough, judging from thiB the firat true westerly wind of the season. No rain to supply water, only a drizzle to moisten the surface and keep the stronger grasses alive. 