THE OXUS AND THE NILE. Ik our last issne we ventured an opinion that while negotiations were still pending between London and St. Petersburg the Rnssian armies were pushing forward beyond Sarakbs towards Htrat on tbe one hand and beyond Pendjeh. on tbe other. We also stated that there wonld be no security whatever if England did not insist on their retirement to Sarakbs. It now (urns out that tbe Rnssian forces had been advanced from Sarakhs ta a place called Polkatown, more than half the distance towards Herat, and close to Bobat Pass. It also appears that tbe _l /v nnitifnil An JjriM&n; VTUYVrUUJGU uavo tuoiovwu vu Sarakhs and Pendjeh forming the points of a boundary to which the Russians must retire, (he boundary between Ihese places and the Caspian lo be fixed by the joint commission which Rns6ia had hitherto ignored, but which they again submit to rb arbitralois. We may accept this as having Bettled the qnestion for the present, bnt we may also rest assured that encroachment will be revived by Rassia on tbe firet opportunity. We have most probably escaped a terrible and imminent war at a very cr.t'eal moment, but Rassia has made tbe most of the crisis. It has been said by some of the Whig, papers in England that the Opposition cannot possibly know as much about the Foreign affairs of the empire as does the Cabinet : — — i- nn« will arsrno th«t the leading newspaper iu England wonld so universally condemn the action of the Gladstone Government in Egypt, at the Cape and in Asia, as Ihey have done, withont sufficient authority. And, ac cording to their own argnment, Lord Beaconsfield mast have known the position of affairs in his time, when he pnrchased the Snez Canal shares, when he acquired Cyprus, when he declared the necessity of a " scientific frontier " between the Oxns and the InduB — between Russia in Asia and England in Asia — when he ordered Indian regiments to Malta, and when he sent a British fleet with open ports to Constantinople to save the Dardanelles from the grasp of the Czar already on the throat of Turkey. We may be thankfn1 for small, or rather for short, mercies, in congratu lating ourselves on our temporary escape from a desolating war, and wo may also hope that the eyes of Mr Gladstone and of Exeter Hall are at length open to the perfidy of their great and trusted friend the Czar. And now let us torn oar eyes towards the Sondan. There also, as we contend, we are obliged to maintain a great war for lack of comparatively small fighting in tho first instance. We refer to that campaigne now, however, chiefly on account of our gallant fellows who only, a few weeks since, left these peaceful shores, and are, perhaps, at this very moment, fighting for an idea — that idea being tho honor and renown of the British empire, of which we form a part. We are told they wore received by their English, Scotch and Irish comrades with the utmost warmth and enthusiasm, that they received the hearty commen dation of General Graham, and that thoy are receiving the highest honor which that officer could confer upon them, by being sent to tbe front with the rlnawilo Wo in inefvnliA ii'IhIa lrnniri n/r that all our gallant fellows cannot come out of their first fight unscathed, know also in our hearts that they will not disgrace ns, whatever may betide. Railway Traffic Returns. — The following is a return of the traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending 26th March: — Miles open, 1663; total re ceipts fer the week, £42,095 oi Cd; aggre gate to this date from 1st July, £1,615,847 8s lOd; weekly average, 39 weeks, £41,431 19s 8d. Corresponding week iu 1884: — Miles open, 1598; total receipts for the week £43,016 lis 4d; aggregate to date from 1st July, £1,550,239 3s 6d; weekly average, 39 weeks, £39,749 14s 5d. Arrival or the Mail. — The R.M.S. Khedive, with the English mail via Suez, arrived from LoudOQ il Hobson's Bay on Tuesday morning. "The A. B.C. Guide. "« We have received from Messrs Gordon and Gotch, Limited, Melbourne, a c>py of the " A.B.C. Guide" for April, just i-sned by that firm. This most useful book lias now been in existence some ten years. Its contents are valuable and varied. Tho shipping and mail information includes da'cs of sailing, fares. &c.;, and plsces cilled at en route by the Peninsular and Oriental, the Orient, the Pacific steamship companies liners, and of the Compagnie des Messagerie Maritimes, detailed information, and time and faretablea of the railways in all the cdonies, travellers' maps "of Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland, show ing a corrected road-guide to and from the different railway-stitions. The guide to Victoria contaius an extended and interes ting amount of information of special interest to tourists, also overland routes to and from Melbourne to Sydney, Mel bourne to Adelaide, Sydney to Brisbane, an-1 vece versa. Th.- "a. B.C. Guide" is now recognised as the best and most com plete of its kind yet i«su-td from the Aus tralian press, and is admitted to be an excellent advertising mediHm. . Tho sub script ion for the year (twelve monthly copies) is 6s Cd, including postage. Wesley an Church, Beechworth. —At the close of the business at the . quarterly meeting of officers of ' tho above chureh, held last Monday, the Rev. J. de Q. Robin, M.A , was made the recipient of a combined purse and pocket-bonk contain ing twenty sovereigns, contributed by members of the congregations at Beech worth and Stanley, and other friends, as a mark of esteem for him as a Christian minister and a gentleman. The presenta tion was, by request, made by the senior circuit steward, Mr Sennett, who spoke of the earnest and successful work done by their minister during the three years of bis residence in the district. Mr Robin, in replying, hoped his sincere and heartfelt thanks for this expression of esteem would be conveyed to all who had contributed, as he, being, of course, in jgporance of the names, was unable personally to do so. He felt very thankful to all his friends, , t 1_l_ iLit. 1 II .. anu prizea very mgmy tutor iuic. aiu reviewed his work in Boechwortli as a minister, and wished »lio church great suc cess in the future. The following resolu tion was unanimously adopted by tho meeting, which was composed of officers from the various churches' in tlio circuit : — " That this meeting records its apprecia tion of the Rev. Mr Robin's services dur ing tho past threo years, and rejoices in the success that bas attended the work of tbe church during that period. The spiritual life and financial affairs of the circuit are now in a healthly condition — attributable in no small degree, under God, to the arduous and earnest labors of our present minister. We heartily com mend Mr Robin to the grace of- God, aud wish for him great success in his new sphere of labor. Tho rev. gentleman, with his family, left for Melbourne on Wednesday morning, and, we are sure, carried with him the best wishes of tho community at large. North Ovens Shire. — ThoNorth Ovens Shire Council will receive tenders for the undermentioned works up to 1 p.m. on Monday next : — No. 26 — About II chains formation at Swamp main road, North Boorhaman. No. 27 — Repairs to cross ing, and other work near Buckie's, Car- raragarmungeo. Shire of Oxley. — Tenders are invited up to lp m. en Saturday, 4th inat.,by the Oxley Shire Council for tbe following -works : — Contract No. 31 — Cutting on Oxley to Whorouly road at Henley's gate. Contract No. 32 — Cutting, and culvert nt Ah Shinn's, Hedi. Contract No. 33 — Grubbing aud clearing at Williamson's, Whorouly. Contract No. 34— Fencing, &c.;, Whitfield sideling cutting. Contract No. 35 —Two gravel crossings on Hurdle Creek road, Carbeor. " The Sketcher." — The " Austra- lasian Sketcher" for tho 8tb inst. is a onhln number, and contains sorno admirable illustrations. Tlio frontis piece affords views of the old Hobson's Bay convict liulks, the Sacramento and Deborah, which are now being broken up for firewood, and recall unpleasant memo ries of the time when Port Phillip (.13 Melbourne was then called) was a convict settlement. With the Soudan contingent on board the s.s. Australasian is tbe subject for a sories of a number of excellent sketches illustrative of life among the Australian troops on ship board, and a page is devoted to " samples" of members of the Victorian militia, artillery and naval brigade, on parade. Sketches at tho' aquarium at the Exhibi tion-building and views of intercolonial scenery are among the other engravings, and with the number is presented a finlnTatll mpf n va in trkiott 4KwnA HIIUO AArtJJjJ children are shown "camping out" in true " make-believe" style, and a second large supplement entitled " Fighting tho Fire," illustrating in a very realistic manner a party of settlers endeavoring to save their homesteads by beating back a bush-fire which is raging in the vicinity. Easter Excursions by Rail.— The issue of the Easter holiday excursion tickets by the Victorian Railway Depart ment commenced on Monday last, and will be continued up|to. Wednesday, 8th inst., inclusive. The ' tickets will be available for return for one calendar month from date of issue. Particulars are given in an advertisement in another column. On Monday next passengers by the morning train from Beechworth (starting at thirty-two minutes past 5 o'clock) will be able to catch the express f n M"<»lhn>irnn nf WaimsMiis County Court Case.— In the County Court, Melbourne, ou Tuesday, before His Honcr. Judge Cope, the case of Spearing v Carter was heard. Mr Dully appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr R. Walsh for the de fendant. This was an action of contract commenced in the Supreme Court by Mr C. B. Spearing, of 96 Toorak- road, South Yarra, mining speculator, against Wm. PI a wf A » nf flin Alktnn ITaSaI /"1 1- 1 lAutct, vwiitpei- Btreet, Prahran, licensed victualler, for the balance duo, £17, and interest, on the purchase of 300 shares in the Railway Quartz-mining Company, Chiltern. The action was sent by erder of a judge in chambers, under Section 42 of Act 345, to be tried in this court. Defendant claimed, as a set- off, £26 15s, money lent and due tor relresnments aud lodging supplied to the plaintiff. The £17 the plaiutiff sued for was the balance of £40|purchase-money of the shares. Defendant said the shares had been lodged with liiin as security for a loau of £20. His Honor, after hearing the evidence, gave a verdict for £17. the amount claimed. The Crimean War. — Saturday was the thirty-first anniversary of the official de- laration of the last war which occurred be tween Great Britain and Russia. On the 21st of February, 1854, the Emperor of Russia issued a war manifesto against England and France, and an ultimatum was communicated by the allied Powers on the 27th of the same month. On the 11th of larch the Baltic fleet, under the oommand of Admiral Sir Charles Napier, ailed from Spithead. On the 22nd Par liament waa informed that war had been declared ; and on the 23lh the official an nouncement appeared, Prince Gortschakoff having crossed the Danube to occupy tbe Dobrudja on the 24th. . The Beechworth Water Supply. — The new works in connection with the1 above supply are now completed. Tbe original open race from Lake Kerferd to the fitter-beds has been replaced by a cast iron main, and a duplicate main has been laid from the filter-beds to the town._ The main from Lake Kerferd is two miles in length, and is composed ot 1 -men cast- iron pipes ; sluice valves have been placed in the gullies, for the purpose of scouring out the pipes when necessary, and air taps have been provided at intervals, to allow any accumulations of air to escape. The 7-inch pipes are con nected with the 20-iuch outlet pipe from the lako by means of reducing pieces specially cast. A 12-inch brauch and ralve have been provided, with the object of supplying water to the sluicera when ever there may bo a plentiful supply in the lake. At the filter-beds the main discharges into a brick tank, having a wide brick channel intosaach filter-bed. The tank is divided into two compart ments by a perforated wall, the object being to stop thd velocity of the water, caused by discharge unaer pressure, and allow it to follow quietly into the filter-beds without disturbing the filtering material ; the arrangement answers admirably. The filtcr-b->ds have lso been greatly improved. When the water has risen to a cert-tin height in tho filter-beds tho supply is cut off by two adjustable automatic valves. The town receives its supply of water through two cast-iron mains — the 5 inch main, which has been iu use for some years, aud a now compound 5 and 6 inch main. These have each a branch to the clear-water tank iu tho Lunatic Asylum reserve, tho dis c-urge into which is regulated by self- acting valves. The 7-inch main is capable of supplying from 280,000 to 350,000 gallons of water per day at the filter-bods, the quantity varying with the depth of water in the lake, or an a'lowanca of 120 to 150 gallons per day for each individual, exclusive of the contract allowance to tbe Lunatic A»yluin and the railway-station. These quantities can be delivered in the town in from 10 to 13 hours, and the con- sumers may have their full supply during tho ordinary times of demand. Tke scheme is self-acting throughout. It has been in use about a month, and is working satisfactorily. A considerable saving in expense will be effected, in the matter of superintendence, over the old arrange ment. Wo on Thursday afternoon paid a visit of inspection to the waterworks, in company with Mr George McKenzie, the shire engineer, who has kindly supplied the above information, and to whom great credit is due for the ability and energy displayed in superintending so important a werk as that recently carried out by the shire cocncil ; and although, as previously stated iu theso columns, we are not satis fied that the substitution of iron pipes for the open race in conveying the water from the lake to the filter-beds is an im provement, fr-ni a sanitary point of view, we must acknowledge the capable manner I in which the " completion" of the water j works has in every detail been carried out. Albuky Stock Market. — Messrs C. L. Griffith aud Co. report : — Wo held our I usual fortnightly sale at our Albury yards I on Wednesday. Wo had a good atten- 1 dance of buyers, and prices 0:1 the whole I were highly satisfactory. Cit'.Ie. — 290 I yarded, which consisted of good useful I beef, together with a few forward stores. I Wo sold drafts for Messrs Rial Bros., I Jaines Stewart, J. Waukliu, M. Carr, J. I Nichol, J. Galvin, sen., G. White, W. J. I Waite, Oliver Waite, M. Seymour, J. I Kelly (Tallangatta), E Duustan, F. and I J. King, P. Mullavey, J. Drutnmond, J. I Madden, G. Reis, Ben. Robinson, F. W. I Cobhnm, H. T. Lovett, C. Dal linger — I bullocks (light weights) £8 5s, cows, £7 5s. I Calves. — 15 yarded for various owners, t » I £3 10s. Sheep. — 5370 yarded, consisting! principally of stores of inferior descrip- 1 tion ; no prime sheep vardod. We sold I drafts for Messrs G. Richards and J. Monaghan, J. Keogh, W. Hore, G. Fitz- maurice, Owen Maher, Pierce Maher, Alex. Sutherland. H. Schultz— best wethers (stores) to 7s 8d, ewes to 9s 4d. Beechworth Stock and Share Mar ket. — Mr A. W. Foster reports for the week ending 4th inst. : — Banks : Com mercial—buyers, £6 193 ; sellers, £7 ; Federal — buyers, 53s 6d; sellers, 54s 61- City of Melbourne — buyers, £3 18s ; sellers, £3 19s. Australian Freehold — buyers, £2 7s ; sellers, £2 7s 6«1 ; sales, I £2 7s. Insurance Companies : National I — buyers, 12s 3d ; sellers, 12s 6d ; sales, 12s 3d. Colonial Mutual Fire — buyers, I 3a 10d ; sellers, 4s. United Australian — I buyers, la 8d ; sellers, Is lid ; sales, Is I 10d. Southern — buyers, 13s ; sellers, 19s. I Indemnity — buyers, 15s; sellers, 17s. I Mines ; Rocky Mountain — buyers, 6s ; I aeiiers, noa. Art oiascotte — sellers, Is fid. Miscellaneous : Monte Piete — buyers, 4s 10d ; sellers, 5s 6d ; sales, 5s. Beech worth Gas Company — sellers, 50s. Stanley Hall Company — sellers, 10s. Yackan- dandah Hall Company — sellers, 60s. Mutual Store — buyers, 42s ; sellers, 44s Coffee Taveru— buyers 239d ; sellers, 25s. Practical Appreciation. — It s an ticipated that the Sydney people will give Beach, the champion sculler, a testinonial iu the form of 5060 sovs. Hanhu's is expected to reach 1000 sovs., whilst Beach's trainer (Messenger) is to lo pre sented with 500 sovs. Mr A. R. Robert son, of tho Kingston stable, near Geelong, headed Beach's list with £250, aed his brother, Mr D. M. Robertson, gives Beach a 400-guinea cup to hold agaiiat all coiners. A Hnr.tniv. — A« npAvmiuto there will bo no issue of this journal 011 Tuesday, 7th inst. Prize Distribution.— Tho annual dis- tribution ef prizjs to the children at- j tending the Beechworth State-school took place in the achooltooin 011 Thursday after noon. A list of tho awards has alrsody appeared in our columns. The prizes, which consisted of a largo assort meat of well-selected books, were distributed by Messrs Ingram and Cunningham, members of the school board of advice ; Mr Wiilox, the head-teacher, being also in attendance. Goo» Friday. — Friday last being Good Friday was rigidly observed as a holiday, 1 and the streets in Beechworth had an air of neaceable nnietnde noticeable nnon a Sunday. In Christ Church, at 11 a.m., the Rev. G. F. Cross preached a beautiful sermon from the text I " And it was the third hour, and they crucified Him" (St. Mark xv, 25), pnur- traying in eloqueut language the crucifixion wi uiiiinif ifiiiwu a a tuar was tho anniversary. Services were con duced by the Very Rev. Dean Tierney in St. Joseph's Church, in the morning at nine and in the evening at eight o'clock. At vespers tho dean took as thu text of a very impressive sermon the 17th and 18th vereos of the 12th chapter of St. Join's Gospel — "And bearing His cross, he neat forth to that place which waa called Calvary, but. in Hebrew Golgotha, wlere they crucified him." The annual appeal on behalf of the local charities waa nue j to the congregation, and the collacion I amounted to £6. In the Wesleyan Ohwcfi I a service was also held in the evenug,'! conducted by Mr Elms, local preacler, j who delivered a good address approprate I to the occasion. 1 Theatrical Notes.-A correspondent, writing on Monday, says : . I« J tho Lentea season, the unusual grea and out-door excitement over the boa - race between Beach and Hanlan have during the last week done the theatres no good, though it tho Theatre Roya e hia been very fair and tho audi- ences well pleased with the representation of the comedy of " Friends." At Esater will be produced there a drama called the " Crimes of Paris," for which those grea- artistes Gordon and Henmugs are painting the scenery, so you may be sure the piece will be well mounted. It is said J. C. Williamson is now on his return to Aus tralia, via America, and George Darren may be expected to reach Melbourne in a few day, 011 the arrival of the steamship Garonne. At the Sydney Opera-house "Csiifusion" is still runuiug, I presume to profitable business, or it no doubt would be removed from tbe boards and some thing else tried. So far 110 announcement of change has appeared. The Gaiety is closed. Dunning went with his company to Newcastle. 111-lucK seems 10 this enterprising little man rnrst perata- tently. He could not open the theatre on the first night announced, owing to a domesticaflictionto his principal comedian, Mr Appleby. Two circuses are now open in Sydney, Chiarini's. and Matthews's, both doing well. His cock's Federal Minstrels still are doing well. In Melbourne the last night of the pantomime at the Royal is nt length announced. It is to occur on Thursday next. It will surely be a relief to those of the actors in it to whom it does not mean an expiration, too, of services. At Her Majesty's Opera House I believe " Called Back" was presented on Saturday last to a crowded house, and with great success, so report says. AS the Bijou the Majerouis have mot with much apprecb ation by their powerful acting in "Fedora." Miss Genevieve Ward, with Mr W. H. Vernon and their company leave New Zealand on the 10th of April for Adelaide, opening there on the 18th for three weeks. They have, 1 hear, had a most prosperous tour through the Maori country. J. P. MacDonald with his " Fun on the Bristol, colony are still in that beautiful colony, and doing well. Tobacco Growing in the North-East. — Statistic relative to the production ef to bacco in the North Eastern District were on Tuesday received by Mr H. T. Hammand, cheif inspector of excise. They showed that in the Kiug Ri7er, Waugaratta, and Oxley districts, there are 266 aces under cultivation this season, and the outturn will amount to 102 tons of keaf. A Brutal Murder. — A Chinese cabinet maker named Ah Toy murdered a fellow countryman named All Chi in a house in Little Bourke-street, Melbourne, 011 Tues day evening, in a most brutal manner. The victim received several terrible blows with a hatchet, and on the police being | exiled in by the other occupants ot tne | house, who ran out in a most cowardly manner and made no attempt to save their unfortunate countryman, they had great difficulty iu securing tho murderer, who was most violeut aud threatened to kill anyone who approached him. He was ultimately arrested and lodged in the lock up. The room where the vile deed was perpetrated presented tho appearauce of a butcher's shambles, tho floor and walls being covered with the blood of the murdored man, whose body was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital Death of Mr McColl.— Mr McColl, M.L.A. for Mandurang, died at his resi dence, St. Kilda, 0:1 Thursday morning. We obtan from the " Herald" the follow ing respecting the life of the deceased gentleman : — Mr M'Coll was born in Glas gow on 22nd Jaunary, 1819. ' He served his apprenticeship aa a bookseller and a stationer in that city, and in 1852 emi grated to Melbourne. Here he com- I meuccd business as a printer and published the " Banner" and " Diggers' Advecato" newspapers. In 1865 he was appointed Secretary to the Coliban Water Supply Committee, of Sandhurst, aud ha acted iu that capacity far several years until tho I corporation took change ef . the systam. I11 1874 he became connected with tho North Western Canal project, and since thon he bas devoted himself to that pro ject. Mr M'Coll was the first to publish the fact of the existence of subterranean water-courses in Riveriua. Dan Barry's Dramatic Company. — The appoarance of this popular troupe on Tuesday night in Wangaratta, in the pan tomime of "Cinderella," was greeted with a well-filled house. The scenery and spectacular appointments of the panto mime are really very fine, and everyone was delighted with the very charming manner in wnieii tne pretty nursery story has been worked into burlesque form. The singing, dancing, groupings and local I hits were capital, and the transformation scene excellent. The whole concluded with a harlequinade in which the merry mischief of clown and pantaloon and tho graceful daucing of harlequin and colum bine had full sway. Roars of laughter, | especially from the little ene3 present, | greeted this part of the entertainment. I The Firemen's Concert.— The pro- J gramme for the second concert in aid of I the fund for the purchase of gold medals |f<>r the members of the Beechworth | Volunteer Firo-bri;rade who took Dart in tho annual demonstration at Ballarat, to bo given in the Oddfellows' Hall 0:1 Monday evening, has been arranged, and is a very good one. The amateur min strels comDanv will suddIv the nhiaf I portion of the entertainment, and lady and I gentlemen amateurs will also render vocal land instrumental music. One of the I many attractions nf the evening will be 1 vtoun soios by -Mr duelling, of Wangaratta, who is acknowledged to be the best amateur violinist in these districts. Sergeant Flood. — The numerous friends of Sergeant Ernest Flood throughout these districts will be in terested in learning that during the past week he received a letter from a firm of solicitors in the "old country," notifying him that his father, Mr William Flood, of Paulstown Castle, Gowran, County Kil- kenny, Ireland, died on the 18th January last, and under his will left him a legacy amounting to between six and seven thousand pounds. Mr Flood was at the time of his death sixty-six years of age. It is Sergeant Flood's intention to remain in Australia, and to retain his position in the police force, and being a man with a family the bequest is very acceptable to him. With his friends, we may congratu- late him upon his acquisition of so sub- stantial a sum which could not have fallen into better hands. I Vineyard Property. — It is elsewhere notified that the Marangan Vineyard and estate, situated a tulle aud a half from Benalla, and at present in the occupation Mr R. McBean, is to be leased for a | term of twelve years. Messrs Blake and Riggall, solicitors, Melbourne, are acting as agents for the owner. An Unlucky Admirer of Hanlan.— The " Federal Standard" states that it is rumored, in connection with the boat raco between Hanlan and Beach, that a well-known Rutherglen financier has lost £590 through the defeat of ILuilan. 1 Bedchworth Volunteer i) ire-brigade. —The following teams have been selected to represent the brigade at the demonstra tion at Benalla on Etster Monday:— Double-hose Practice— First team— Cap tain McLean, Secretary Ltwrance, Fire man W. Skidmore, G. Skulmore, T. Phelan, F. Dunn, C. Spencer and H. Daris ; second team — r iremen o onu Payne, Jas. Payne, T. O'Brien Jas Scott. A. Scott, F. Lloyd, G. Cha' field and Jas. Anderson. Single -hose Practice - First team— Firemen T. Phelan, John Payne, Jas. Payne and H. Davia ; second team— Captain McLean, Firemen Jas. Scott, C. Spaucer and F. Duun. Eight- men Engine and Ladder aud Engine Praotices— First team— Captain McLean, Secretary Lxwrance, Firemen Phelan, John Payne, C.JSpencer, F. Dunn, G. Duncan and another ; second team— Fire men Jas. Scott, Jas. Payne, G. Chalfield, \V. Cathro, H. Davis, G. Skidmore and T. O'Brien. Four- men Engine — First team — Firemon John Payne, Jas. Payne, T. Phelan and ff. Davis ; second team — Captain McLean, Firemen J. Scott, C. SiwnMr and F. Dnnn. Ladder Race- Firemen Jas. Scott, C. Spencer and W. Skidmore. The Races. —Indications point to the realisation of our anticipations given ex pression to in previous issues, to the effect that the race-meeting at Baarmntha Park on Monday — the Easter Monday meeting of the Beechworth Amateur Racing Club — will bo a great aucceBs in every respect. The entries in each event have filled well, and a largo number of horses have taken up their quarters in stables in the town and during the past few days have been training on the racecourse, which is at the present time in splendid going order ; so that lovers of good racing may look for ward to a treat. Everything connected with the management and successful carrying out of the programme for the meeting is arranged so as 1 1 prevent tbe occurrence of any hitch to mar tho enjoy ment ; and as the town during the past few days has been filling with visitors from Melbourne and distant localities who have onma ir% anuiv A fintiJau lit /mi t Konilifnl mountain home, not to speak of the num bers who ou Monday will fluck iu from all parts of the district, the attendance on the course will no doubt be the largest at any similar gathering there. Special trains, at excursion fares, will leave Myrtleford, Wangaratta aud Everton at 8, 8.15 and 9.5 a.m., respectively, returning from Beechworth at 7 p.m., and will no doubt be extensively patronised. Altogether, should tho clerk of the weather be in a propitious mood — and present indications point in that direction — tbe Easter Mon day race-meeting will be " the event of the season." Death of Mr R. H. Jenkyns.— Shortly before going to press this morning we re ceived the following telegram, dated Fri day night, from Mr J. J. Arundel, of tuciwuiiio — a uui ueubyiii iut?u tu night at a quarter, to ton." In our last Tuesday's issue we chronicled the fact that Mr Jenkyns was lying seriously ill at a friend's house in Melbourne, suffering from congestion of the liver, brought on by get ting hiB feet wet while walking along the beach at St. Kilda a few days previous. Since then news was received that his case was a critical one, and now the worst fears of his friends have been realised. It is sad indeed to contemplate that it is only a fortnight since the deceased gentleman left Beechworth, apparently halo and robust, though requiring a rest after bis severe work in connection with the recent agri cultural and horticultural Bhow, and that he should have been taken suddenly ill and died away from home, though among kind friends. His loss to the town is a sovero one, and his genial presence will be greatly missed by a large circle of friends and the public generally, with whom lie was a universal favorite. The Wangaratta Monthly Horsf. Market. — Tho monthly horse market was held on Saturday last. There was a good display of really fine animals, and tho attendance of parsons interested in tho proceedings was fair, but to all appearance buyers were wanting, as Mr Phillipson had to pass in a large proportion of animals entered and sumitted for sale ; and wo ("Dispatch") do not think the other auctioneer was more successfull. We are pleased to learn, however, that those sold, being superior animals, brought good prices. Everything is being done to make these sales a success, both by giving full publicity to the same and otherwise, bat it is not an easy matter to bring buyers and sellers together for the mutual benefit of both, and have 110 uphill work at the outset. Tho promoters appear con- fient of ultimate success, and we hope soon to have the pleasure recording an improvement m the local horse market. A Closed Road Question— Messrs Hall and Graham, M.L.A.'a, waited on the Acting Minister of Public Works ou Monday with reference to a complaint by the Uuthorglen Shire Council that a road close to the township had beon closed and sold, much to the inconvenience of the residents of tho district. They asked that r.FIA donavtmnnl nVimtl/ a 1. _ w.aw wupm Vtiau.au oiiuiliu IIIO road. MrTuckorsaid that, on inquiry, he found that there had been no road where the shire council supposed that one existed. If a road w as absolutely required tho shire council had power under the Loc»l Government Act to take the land for road purposes, reports the "Argus." Mr Tuckor promised to have the whole matter inquired into if a written applica tion setting forth the facts of the case were The Hon. j. A. Wallace and the Bethanga Mines.— The Bon. J. A. Wallace at Bethanga has, the Pleasant Creek " News" states, spent seven years in trying to extract gold from baser metals. He has six miles of almost solid mineral lodes, which cannot be treated by amalga mation. Tho ore is burnt in tho open air, fused in a low blast furnace similar to Di iron smelting, tapped off into a Wallace or Bessemer blast converter, converted into a regulus, and then amalgamated. Stron« air is forced through tho molten metal. The Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. —An "Occasional paper" issued from the Diocesan Registry of tho Church of England, Btatea that the Bishon of Mel- bourne s fund was nearly stationary during the years 1878, 1879 and 1880. averaging £4200 per annum. In 1881 there was an increase of £1000, the total tor the year being £5392 13s Id. In the two following years there was a falling off 1Q tho COQtribniinna f)»o u respectively £5269 16s and £5157 2s lid" During the past year, however, the fund has shown the same sudden increase as in the year 1881, the total of subscriptions anct enurch collections amounting to no less than £G287 3s 5d. 