SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1885. SPORT AND DEAto. ONLY a few days have elapsed since we drew the attention of the Railway Department to the trouble and loss caused by the engines used on the Eastern Railway setting fire to private property on each side of the line. Of course not the slightest notice was paid to the warning, and it appears as if the railway authorities were obstinately doter mined to endangor the safety of other people's property of thpir own will and for their own pleasure. Of course it may be that, ignorant of the climatic effects of our summer season, their ears are shut to all advice and their men tal vision is blinded to the foresight of danger. But be this as it may, the forecast we made has already been verified in the most lamentable man ner, and the note of warning we sounded has now swelled into a bitter cry of despair. Up and down the line, from Guildford to York, reports nave poured in upon us oi tne mischief done to private property by sparks from the eugines falling upon aud igniting the dry herbage. One person at the Olackline has beon en tirely burnt out ; and only those who are acquainted with the full meaning attached in Australia to the words 'burnt out' will be able to realise the full terror of the meaning the ex pression conveys. Others have to neglect their work at least thrice a day, and devote tnemseives to tue ton of extinguishing fires the passing engines have caused. Anyone who has ever been engaged in beating out a bush- fire under the powerful rays of the burning Australian summer sun, can easily recall to memory the frightfully exhaustiug nature of the work, and can easily understand how such hnrasshig anxiety and severe toil^disable even the strongest person, in both mind and body, to pursue his ordinary daily avocations. Some idea of the magnitude of the mis fortune with which the farmers along the route of the Eastern Railway are afflicted, may be gathered from the following facts.—One settlor this week had three men employed at seven shillings a day in extinguishing fires on his farm. Another, on Wed nesday last, was thrice occupied with seven men in driving back the de vouring flames from his property, and when just as he was afterwards sitting down to his dinner the fourth alarm was raised, and all had to at onoe hurry from the uutasted meal to renew tho.ir conflict with the fire fiond. Tho nuisance is in fact becoming so intolerable that the afflicted persons are crying out that they wish they had never seen the railway ; and, uot unnaturally under the circumstances, regard it as a curso instead of a bless ing. But it may bo urged that after all the settlors do not suiter any material iujury, as all they have to do is to send in their claims for compensation to havo them at onco recogmzod aud promptly paid by the authorities. To any person made wise by practical ox perience however, tho idea would be fully appreciated at its true value.ancl would be regarded as only a bitter jest adding insult to injury. Last year a poor man living alongside tho line was burnt out ; he wrote to the Railway Department, claiming com Eonsation for the to him ruinous loss e had sustaiued, but did not receive any reply; he subsequently wrote again and again, but tho authorities did not condescend to even acknow ledge the receipt of his lettorsj and s now, this year, he has been again burnt out ! That such an easily re mediable stato of things should be allowed to contiuuo unchecked is quite inexplicable, save upon tho ground that the railway authorities care for none of these things. Tlioro is a very old fable of some boys who onoo procoedocl to divert themselves by stoning some wretched frogs. Upon being remonstrated with for their oruelty they artlessly replied that they 'enjoyed the fun,' 'Yes!' respondsd their victims, 'but your fun means death to us.' It possibly may be regarded by some as being a good joke to run engines through the bush under the semi-tropical heat of an Australian summer, without spark catchers, but. to the unfortunate settlers indulgence in such sport means death indeed, 