NOTES FROM YORK. (From our own. Correspondent.) The weather of late has been vari able, sometimes very hot— then the other extreme. I have no recollection of such a season for many years, so changeable has Hie weather been. The thermometer as I write stands at 82 deg. in the shade, which one can stand tolerably well, lbe nay is now mostly gathered in, and, so far as I can judge, the crops have been pretty good; they would have been better had the late rains come a bit earlier. The corn crops bid fair to turn out a pretty good average, and no one ought to complain of the bread stuffsj flour being under £1 per bag and likely to remain yet for sometime near the present price. . We have nothing to complain of as yet in the shape of bush-fires, although the coun try is excessively parched and dry. The BeverJey Bail way from here is progressing favorably, and plate-laying has commenced from the main camp here in the direction of Beverley. Shortly we shall be able to make a trip by rail to that rising town. We bave lately lost a good colonist by the death of Mr. Charles Maseingbam, who was a thoroughly upright and trusty friend. Sickness is prevalent, and many are suffer ing from colds, which return time after time. A youth, named Brown, came home near chocking the other day, supposed to be caused by the sting of any. Another youth, named Morse, also met with a Bad accident by a dray loaded with, timber run ning over his foot, and it is thought he will lose bis great toe. Medical aid *as called in in both cases. Our Municipal Election caused a great stir on the 16th instant, though come excitement is now afloat as to the probabla unseating of the newly-elected Chairman. But I believe it will all end m (York) gas— an article very plentiful here. House rent is very dear, and there is a great lack of habitable cottages to be ob tained just now. I don't look upon this state of things as a permanency, or the Banding Societies should make a good thing out of it. Mr. Barnes has received the appointment of Clerk, to the Municipal Council, at a salary of £52, per »'?'??'; and long may he enjoy it, if Buch a post can be rendered en oyable. Oar local ne«vspaper was got up very nicely last Saturday .the 21st. and came out on tinted paper. I never knew a season so free from thunderstorms as the present one, in fact we bave had none here to speak of, but lean see indications of them at not veiy long distances at all points of the com pass. Our railway trains come and go with regularity, and appear to be loaded ap fairly welL November 27. 