SNEWS AND PNOTES. The water borer at Mount Wycheproof has reached a depth of 419ft. The Roman Catholic Church at Alex andria, was blown down during a storm on Thursday. " . : It is probable that North Queensland? willbe created a Crown Colony. ' " _ i The Holbern race meeting, held hin Sandhurst last week, has. resultedin: clear profit of 70. A Greek named-Mavaro sustained fatal? injuries during a quarrel in a cab,-in Swanston Street, Melbourne, on -Friday night. The Riverina and Echno e ?Redgumi Sawmill Company is about to be iround. up. A number of deaths from typhoid fever have occurred in theaCoburg district dur. ing the past fortnight. The Jubilee 'of Congregationalism in South Australia, will takeplacethis week. Late on Thursday nighta firebroke out .' . in the shop of Messrs Rellett .and Co., wholesale grocers, wine and spirit mer chants, William street, lifelbourne.. Con siderable damage was done before the flames were subdued. Professor Irving will shortly retire from: the Public Service Board, with the view of accepting the vacant headmastership ' of the Church of England Gram ..,a ' school. Sir H. Parkes addressed a large meet ing at Goulburn last week, and strongly.; condemned the action of the Governuient n n sending troops to.the SoundMn..' Typhoid fever is raging at Silverton, and several cases have teminated fatally, The local hospital is full. A branch of the Australian-Native As. sociation has been successfully formed 'at Charlton. The Chief Secretary and Mr Brett, the : Inspector General of 'ienal -Establish. menti: will visilt Masryliorousglito,:mhinr, to enquire into certain grievances .in.on. - nection with the prisoners there. : A large bush-fire was raging on Friday,- - about five miles west of St.: Arnaud. Fencing and property,to the value of over £1000,has been destroyed. Something of a novelty,(says the Biilla. rat Star) has been introduced in'' corinec tion with the billiard room at Pobjoy's. Unicorn Hotel. The novelty in question is'::, an electric markinJ apparatus, by means of which the players may scbre for thiemi: selves without leaving the table. The apparatus has been fitted up by Mr Alexn. Monabourgh, of Sturt street. 