Intercolonial Pastoral News. NEW SOUTH WALES.—No change has occurred in the outlook for pastoralists during the past week. From the majority of the widely different districts of the colony the widely colony prospects are fair, though the heat of summer is making its mark upon the pastures. The grass seed is everywhere shedding, and care has to be exercised to keep flocks out of the worst patches until it has dropped. Walgett is one of the exceptional places, the pastures being in a wretched state and the water supply low. "Of Biverina the Pastoral Times writes:—" There is little doing on the stations. In the sheds there is a general clearing up, and a despatch ing of the balance of the season's clip. From airports of the district, and especially up the river, we hear of immence crops of grass, and there is a general uneasiness respecting bush fires. Great caution is manifested on all holdings respecting them, aad the utmost vigilance is being practised. There has not been seen such an abundance of grass in the district for some years, but down the river, more especially in the neighbourhood of Wentwortb, there is a scarcity, and many stockowners are preparing to send sheep away to other pastures." Stock psssings are mostly confined to local stock, there being but few mentioned of interest to Queensland graziers. At Albury on 18th, 418 store bullocks from Queensland to Victoria, Darling Downs Company owners. At Bourke, 14th, 7000 ewes from Noorama, travelling for sale, N. B. A. Company owners. At Gundagai, 18th, 450 bullocks from Cunna mulla to Albury, Cobb and Co. owners. Victoria.—The stockowners of the Loddon have lately been complaining of a disease amorg their cattle, which is locally called "the cripples." The Chief Inspector of Stock thinks it the result of an absence of lime, and suggests this addition being made to tbe drinking water. In the Colac district usually a wet locality, rain is urgently required. In many of the northern areas the bush-fire season has com. msnced, and grass being plentiful, these are more intense than usual. The Crown lands bailiff ot Horsham reports that upon the Crown lands of the Wimmero district the rabbits aro greatly diminished as compared with former years; aaa consequence sandhills which nave been quite bare for years are nowoovered with good grass. South Australia.—The prinoipal item of interest to pastoralists is that the board appointed to subdivide the many squatting runs the leases of which fall in In 1886 has already got to work, and these are beiag cut up into blocks of from 8 to 160 square miles. Every care is being taken to arrange the water supply so as to moke the most of the sub divisions, but it is found to be o work of great difficulty to allot the ownership of wells and tanks. Summer weather is now prevailing, and the pastures ore dry ond brown. Rain Is badly wanted in the North, but at this season it is not to be expected in any quantity. Victorian shearers who have been in the practice of leaving the Western districts to get work in the sheds to the north of Adelaide and the Murray districts have returned, and bring most disastrous accounts of the stations they have been to, some of the large sheds only shearing hundreds where, a season or two ago, they sheared thousands; and some of the men were unable to get work at all. 