TALK ON 'CHANGE. I will buy with you, sell with yon, talk with yon." -SIUKSPKAWS. " Quaruquam ridentcni dicero verarn, Quid vctat ?"-HORACE. " The readiness is all!" Isn't it glorious reading which tells us that the adventurous and gallant handful of people of Thursday Island, whilst admirals are being consulted and considering, and whilst Ministers are exchanging protocols, and committees de liberating, have just taken the thing in hand " right off " and despatched an expedition to ascertain the fate of the New Guinea ex plorers? Does it not make one feel pride in our Anglo-Saxon race, indeed in humanity generally, that when a brave and compas sionate thing has to be done it is done with out any red tape, fnss, or the putting on of frills. It is like what the men of Bideford could have done in the days of Sebastian Yeo. Bravo Thursday Islanders! Good iucb attend you. At the late show in Geelong one of the oldest breeders of stud sheep in the colonies was among the judges. When judging the farmers' sheep he disqualified one ewe, and pointed out to several person a the absurdity o; ovi'.ere exhibiting shc-cp " with so-h a length of staple,' ndriing, " wo all Kn.->» hoiy that's done. Wc won't psace bev -rjiy one can reason." It came o'j!.*tUi**r.vardi$ that he bad himself ehown nnd 'tokl .,4' .1 >-V .» >K «V)id tft)' u, m tbe bueb if' practised. Foe instance an unfortunate Crown lands tenant wishing to give. his sheep-run a respite, or, in simpler language,' a spell, cleared off his stock to let the grass grow. ILis land waa soon invaded by selectors' cattle sent out to roam at will to live by their wits, and 6parc the feed in the paddocks of their thrifty owners. On yarding Borne of the intruders for breaking down fences thesquattei remonstrated with one of the offenders, wbi said, with an air of injured innocence, that he had only turned out his stock at large " because it was a pity to see the fine feed being wasted." Warrnambool is going to have a regatta, and Warrnambool has wisely placed upon the committee the proprietor of the local newspaper and the proprietor of an hotel. Therefore, in the programme one is not Bur prised to be informed that " Warrnambool is liberally supplied with first-class hotels," and that the Ifarrnambool Standard is pub lished daily. Now, what more can be expected to make a visitor quite happy? But the astuteness of the men of Warrnambool was not ex hausted by what I have described, for the remaining committeemen are a bank manager to take care of the receipts, and the manager or the steamboat company to carry the boats free, i" Wild coast Bcenery can be viewed . . . and climatic conditions unmis takably focus Warrnambool as the future commercial entrepot of the west." Jefferson Brick couldn't beat that. But I (an add a Warrnambool distinction on my own ac count I this week received from a friend a sample Warrnambool step-ladder, with an automatic self-adjusting hand-rail, which the donor is prepared to back for a case of lancets and a poultice against any step ladder in the world. I believe he is right, and I hope some day to summon up courage to ascend that remarkable Warrnambool example of practical mechanism. The seductive dance is establishing itself everywhere. In the wildest and most remote districts, as in the fashionable suburbs, " the assembly" is acclimatised, and, perhaps, pro motes as much enjoyment as another " as sembly" which need not be more particularly described. I lately made some extracts from the rules of a New Zealand Dancing .Associa tion, and I have now before me'those ol the Normanton Quadrille Assembly, which contain some novel points of interest llere are a few of the regulations : " All members must appear in clean costume. " Smoking strictly prohibited. " Any person making use of obscene language v.il' be requested to leave ti'.e room. " No gentleman allowed to dancc with the samt partner two consecutive cances. " Any lady refusing to dance wlisn once asked wil not be allowed to dance with any one else during thai dancc. " No gentleman allowed to enjraze a partner bef;ir< the 11.C. culls the name or the dance, and authorise: tiicni to take their partners. " All gentlemen must wear gloves in the room. " That the riirht hand side o: the room be acknow ledged the ladies' side, and that no gentleman be al lowed to sit on that side." Now, who can gainsay the excellence oi these arrangements, except the last, which is evidently borrowed from. High Church congregations in London, where separation of the sexes is de rigimtr. The final con dition that " the M.C. has full power to do at lie thhilm fit in the assembly" shows how absolute is the trust reposed in that agree able autocrat I don't much care about stories reflecting upon domestic helps, because 1 have nc doubt whatever that the domestic help, i; she had the opportunity, could teli some ver; pretty stories about masters and mistresses. This, I think, is, however, illustrative of the holiday attitude of Matilda. It is the copy of a post-card sent by a maiden who first threw her mistress over by making an engagement with another, then threw her last engagement over in tavou; of her mistress, with the deliberate iutentior of a second time throwing her mistress ovei in the New Year. This is the missive verbatim, signature excepted " I will not Leave because Tlie Mrs. has rus my wnsres, and I won't lea* e tiil after CIIuISTmab." " MATILDA ConxBaoon.' There is a nice little journal published a: Newcastle, N.S.W., which always has some thing noteworthy in its columns. For in stance, in this gay style is the police record -"To-day five drunks and one protection case, which, considering the weather and the excitement on yesterday, mutilates but little against the reputation of Newcastle." In the following issue an American lecturer is described as " tills brilliant manipulator of the English languageand the news column contains the startling intelligence, twice repeated, that-"A man named Kara ford was burned alive in a sand-pit, at Red fern, yesterday." I have known Mr. Albert Parchas, C.E., for 30 years as a man devoted to art; but I confess I had but a faint idea of the extent to which his enthusiasm would carry hitn until I read this advertisement a few days ago in a Melbourne paper: " Pictures.-Tenders w'.libe received *nrt»l noon ot, Wednesday, 11th i-et.., for Hrojp^yingl&TOPk; 9 inches by not less than 9 inches by <Hncht»,|jjwtvowi In the Melbourne General Cemetery. AtbcartilurchiS, ftE., 37 Selborno-chambers." y -Where does he mean to hang u^em ? Bushfire committed the aolectsmof com ing down to breakfast.hyUis slippers at the Club. Like other cbnntiy people he found the pavements fcon&UCe; uTtenderness of the foot Nstw Stitldertnatu.-a good deal of Bush lire's malfeasanc& andnilked about it more than was perli&pa; ntcessaiy. This reaching the ears t>I liuahare, he said to a friend (who would be sureio repeat it), "The next tune I meet Mr. Suckler / will be sure to have my booUs oni^ J32GLKS i I!OVi. A ,*!>«:? s? j.CA6sy?0ti it in ITJHlio ior i** I tuiwefs ri'i'ihg >i jwe iiirprooiotittj thf trpv.th, <<» ! pix-uu^ wwi i-ca- oUfc-itg'.mr Mr. j>>wn»M iHhr I failiu^ r!i or \v-~jfit sn'ii', it frcm.«Bsrf iv,< {'Jeudr;/1- *'"* . -"?' ' Sisit. »niaiiit. ruw j 