NEWS' AND" NOTES.. '.'-The firstitwenty-four hour clock in New South Wales; is being erected at Gaunt's in Gedrge stret;, Sydney. .An .ex-constable named Doody has been arrested on a charge of obtaining moieoy iiulder fdlse pretence.: ,Two young ladies tobkl'the white yeil at the convent of the. Sisters oflMercy, at Albury on Thursday. Two boys have fallen down a shaft 60ft. deep, near Stawell,' while'out bird nesting, nrid oie is not expected to recover. :Mr C. Gerrard of Numurkahl was drowned.whilst ba;thing in; the Murray on New Year's Day. . The Freetluinkers of New South Wales ihave offered :Dr Aveling; of Lodndon, £500 per. aunmurto take up his quarters as i'ecturer "t Newiicastle: Trickett, fthd ei chainpion sculler is re ported to:be doing well as an hotel-keeper at fclkhlainiptbn, Queensland. Hannah 'Toohey was committed for trial'at' Sandhurst, on Thursday, on two 'chares'of 'sending indecent letters to tesidents of that city: containing defama :-ttyy and libellous.statements. At:a conferenri oftiunicinpal delegates_ _held at Baicchius M~ rsh. on Thursdty, it was'decided' t ?co?mmence united action in'the destruction of rabbits on the 11th The croP s in the Dunolly district, which are now benig harvested, are. reported to be .tarninigout quite as well as last year, and in some e'sistees'much.better.' ":: " '.Haigh McCaffrey,Uthe man whoe hot at SBishop' Torregianni on .Christmas day, has been found guilty on: the grounds of 'insanity, and he has been communitted to "the Armidale gaol during the ,Governer's 1 pleasure .. .A faniilynear Albury were poisoned on i Thuisday bby eating tinned fish, medical t aid; however, was speedily obtained, and all were out of danger an hour afterwards. 3 During the past week several bush-fires were raging in thelnglewood district. At ' Powlett some farms were destroyed, and 5000 dacres of grass burnt. The Roman ,Catholic Arbcishop of Mel bourne received'a telegram on Friday, an I nouncing the death of the Most Rev. Mat thew Quin;: Bishop of Bathurst, New South'Wales. :.A New York vocalist, Miss Thusby, has s beein offered £000 per annum to sing on e Sunday at St. Bartholomew's Church in y that city. • The fashionable churches of I NTew York appear' to 'be "conducted on 1 strictly business 'principles, so no doubt such arrangements uay a aod per centaao. _ .t r"ý ::: 