St. Mary's. FROM "JAPONICA" "The days and the grass grow long together.'' Although I think at the present time the days are just a wee bit longer than the grass. This comes about through it not raining as numerously as some folk would desire. The weather in this district is as immoderate as the ordinary Salvationist, who is either getting drunk or getting saved. We have either a bushfire or a flood, consequently business is dull and dust is plentiful. Just at present we are commercially, socially, and politically stone dead, although glad tidings of great joy have come to our southern residents. The now historic Filly Paddock is about to be opened wide to the public. I notice it has been about to be opened for a con siderable time, and probably will continue in that state for an indefinite period. In a very short time we will have Parliamentary elections, then we shall, have Filly Paddock pie for breakfast, dinner, and tea, and other scraps of stale pastry hashed up and seasoned a la Nepean electorate. But some people are never satisfied. ###### I had the pleasure of hearing the Rev. A. Camm, the cultured Unitarian minister, deliver his farewell discourse on Sunday evening last in Sydney. It was a floral festival as well. The cosy little church in Liverpool-street was decorated with flowers from floor to ceiling. Some very pretty and appropriate verses, selected from the poetical works of Longfellow and Wordsworth, were deliciously rendered by the choir. A.B.C, is a remarkably entertaining speaker, and appears to have read all the books in the world. He prefaced his discourse with readings from the bibles of all nations. He is not by any means a good reader, his forte is extempore speaking. His subject on Sunday evening was " The Ministry of Beauty." He fairly revels in flowers and fine scenery; he sees God everywhere in Nature. A very pronounced theist is A. B. Camm. He does not believe there are any mediators between God and man, not even Jesus Christ. I think he's about right, but, right or wrong, I wish him bon voyage. #### We are shortly to have a golden wedding in our district, kept in real jolly fashion. The interesting old couple have been, as Artemus Ward would say, married muchly, a good few. I asked one of the dear old creatures a few days ago how he liked married life as far as he had gone, " Oh, d---n it,' he said, "I would get married tomorrow if the old woman was to drop off." He's a nice cup of tea, he is; and it is very evident the bachelor poll tax is not for him. #### Just about 115 years ago there appeared in the most popular newspaper of London "The Public Advertiser" some very remarkable letters over the signature of Junius, a man of brilliant parts, (I am copying this) immense courage and dogged perseverance who crushed the Duke of Grafton and insulted the Earl of Mansfield ; a perfect scare crow of violence to court jobbers, back-stairs officials of the Cummins-Martin and Standard Paint Brand; who conquered the law of libel ; in fact the Prince Imperial of all letter writers was he. Such a fierce bold tone, but with such scholastic and elaborate sarcasm which made the member of both Houses of Parliament squirm like speared eels. Goldsmith the poet, said " Never man wrote like this man Junius." Well, it seems his mantle, like that of William Shakespeare, has never fallen upon any one yet with anything like a fit, although on several occasions persons who imagined they could write have had the impudence to put the name of Junius to their letters. But what bangs all is the appearance in the Nepean Times of 26th September of 63 lines of doggerel rhyme of such startling originality which has made me quite anxious to hear some more from this local "Junius." 