BUSH FIRES. Fnoit information given hy our Ber- rignn correspondent it appears that tho fire on Baroogn noted hy us lost week was the result of two successive outbreaks and did not originato at one point as reported. Another ac- count thns describes the course of the flames: — "It appears that the fire originated near Mr. Nash's selection in tho neighbourhood of Murray Hut. All tho seloctprs-itt the vicinity turned out, and it wns thought that tho fire was got under, but on Saturday night it again spread on to Tuppal.run, and from thenca crossed to Barooga, through which' it swept at a fearful rate on Sunday. The grasB was like the crop in a cultivated paddock hut dried up hy the rocont hot weathor. With the wind such as wnB blowing on Sunday and Mopday it was found impossiblo to stay tho flames. Gongs of men from Tuppal, Baroogn and Boomnnoomana wore engaged, and the force was added to hy volunteers from owners of selections on tho routo of the fire. Efforts were made to cut off tho flames by burning tracts in advanco of the main body of the flames, hut thoy wore unsuccessful, and on Monday tho flames crossed from Barooga to Bonmanoomana through which they swept with amaz ing violence. By this timo over one hundred men were engaged in boating out the fire, but without success, and the last information from tho locality shows that the conflagration had ex tended to Mulwala station, over thirty miles from where it started. It is estimated that between forty .and fifty thousand acres of grass have beon burned, end that nearly one hundred and fifty men woro omploycd at tho flro." Beyond chronicling tho fact that soveral rumours are in circulation as to tho causo of the outbreak, our cor respondent preserves a discreet ailonco upon tho subject. So far ob we have been ablo to learn tho fault was laid on tho fires kindled by contractors on tho Doniliquin-Jorildorio road. In consoquonco of this assertion Mr. Gardner, roadman at Corowo, and Mr. Cronan, of Deniliquin, visited the contractors' camp for the purpose of making enquiries into tbo circum stances. Tho ovidcnco, wo are in formed, went to ohow that tho flro Btarted at least four miles from tho scono of operations, and tho tnon also doniod that thoy havo been burning off sinco tho commcncemont of tho month. Two bush-fires occured last week on the Coliondina Run, near Corowa. Tho first broke out last Wednesday close to Mr. M'Donald's selection, and did some damage to a log fence, bo- sides burning twenty acres of grass before it wob extinguished. The second, nnd more important, was discovered en Saturday night near Whelan's selection, and on a portion of the rnn known as "Tho Brake." All bands were soon bard at work, and parly on Sunday morning tbo flames were subdued, after 200 aeres of grass bad been lost. On the same night a brush fence on Food's Butherwa Station, noar Urana, was discovered to he in flames. The. fire started in a gully about a mile and a half from the township, and could not have been easily ; ob served from the road. Fortunately a chance passer discovered the out break, and kept the flameB under eon. trol until assistance arrived from the homestead . An incendiary is believed to have been at work. 