Steam and Agriculture. Since the time Watts first made known to the world his simple discovery of the power of steam, there have been many inventions for the economy of labor and time. Steam has been utilised in many hundred different forms. It has been introdnced into every factory, and fresh applications of its power are constantly being made. In not a few instances, however, steam has been displaced by an even greater power, that of electricity, and the day is not far distant, perhaps, when the latter force will hold the sway. The age of steam seems now, in fact, to be rapidly passing away, and we appear to be about to enter into the age of electricity, which bids fair to completely eclipse its rival. In the meantime, however, steam has to a large extent taken the place of manual labor with a beneficial result to the world generally. One of the latest uses to which it has been put is in connection with agricultural pursuits, and it is now superseding horse power to a great extent. The agriculturists of the earlier part of the present century would be astonished if they were now permitted to see the im- provaments that have been brought about through the utilisation of steam in con- nection with the farm. And there are not a few agriculturists of the present day to whom a steam plough is a decided novelty. In North America, where ex- tensive farms are the rule and not the exception, steam has long since been utilised in connection with agriculture with vary profitable results to the agricul- turist. Here in Victoria, the farms as a rule are most diminutive, and manual labor suffices for the require ments of the owners. Steam ploughs are therefore uncommon in Australia. In New South Wales two, it is stated, are at work, and in Queensland there are a few. In Victoria there was none until a few weeks ago, when Mr. Peter McArthur, J.P., of Meningoort, had the honor of introducing the first one into the colony. The machine has been at work for some days, with satisfactory results. A few words regarding its appearance, the quality of work done, cost, &c.;, may not be out of place here. Mr. McArthur's reasons for purchasing the plough might, perhaps, be stated. He is a grazier, and owns about 13,000 acres of land eight miles from Camper- down in tbe direction of Mortlake. About 4000 acres comprised within the estate have been reclaimed by means of a drainage scheme. This scheme was not an easy one, judging from a hasty inspec- tion, to carry out, in consequence of the extremely level nature of the ground that has been successfully drained. In the drive to the Meningoort station from Camperdown a large portion of the re- claimed land is passed through, and the value of the work done is at once apparent. Some years ago a vast morass extended right through the property, taking its rise near the Cloven Hills, and continuing its course near to the western boundary of the estaite, where it terminated in a, creek which is one of the tributaries of Black's river (Emu creek). The formidable nature of this morass in the old days may be estimated when it is stated that it was covered with water in the summer, and when bushfires have been rasing in the district the flocks have been driven into this swamp for protection. Drains almost innumerable were cut, and now thousands of sheep and many head of cattle and other stock feed over the once water covered ground. Judicial drainage, un- doubtedly, has been the means of adding greatly to the carrying capacity of the Meningoort property; but other improve- ments are needed to make the erstwhile swamp equal to the carrying powers of the other portions of the estate. The grass with which it is covered is principally of that course, rank description peculiar to swampy country. The rich s*ard which renders the country nearer Mount Meningoort a goodly sight to look upon is conspicuous by its absence on this re- claimed swamp. The soil seems to be adapted for a better description of pasturage. It is a rich, black loam of considerable depth as may be seen from the deep drains over which the road to the mansion passes. This swampy land, as has been said, comprises about 4,000 acres of the estate, and the further im- provement of it is the worthy aim of the genial owner of the eitate. It seems a reasonabla belief that all the soil requires is to be turned over and the land allowed to be fallow for a time. It might then be sown down in grasses, when there would be ample reward for the cost of the undertaking and the labor bestowed upon it, in the increased number of stock the land would carry, and the additional value of the ground thus doubly reclaimed. To plough 4,000 acres of land with the ordinary appliances was too formidable a task to undertake. There was not merely the question of cost involved ; but there was also the question of time to be con- sidered, which was the more important matter of the two. Ploughing with teams of horses or bullocks on such a vast extent of ground would be an expensive and laborious task. This was foreseen by Mr. McArthur who, whilst in England re- cently, had the value of the steam plough brought under his notice. An order was given to Messrs. Barford and Perkins, the well-known agricultural and general engineers of the Queen street iron works, Peterborough, for one of these ploughs and the implement, or whatever it may be called, came to hand a few weeks ago. The firm sent out with it a young man, R. J. Chaundy, who had been accus- tomed to work the machine in England, and who is under engagement to Mr. McArthur for a term of years. The plough is worked by an ordinary eight horse power portable engine, one of Robey's manufac- ture, which was obtained from the Vic- torian agents, Messrs. J. McEwan and Co. The cost of engine, plough, &c.;, delivered on the station, considerably exceeded £1000. After the arrival of the machinery at Meningcort it took a little time to get everything into working order, but the initial difficulties seem now to have been overcome, and the steam plough has been at work for some days with satisfactory results. On Saturday we visited Meuingoort for the purpose of seeing the plough at work. Leaving Camperdown shortly after nine o'clock, the Meningoort estate was reached in good time after a pleasant drive. On the way out the reclaimed swamp to which reference has been made was traversed, and the nature of the operations was lucidly explained by Mr. J. N. McArthnr, under whose care we were. On arriving at Meningoort, a start was at once made for the paddock in which the plough was at work. This was nearly a mile from the mansion in an easterly direction. Steam was up, and the plough at work when we reached the locality. It was a strange sight that lay before us when we had surmounted the small height at the foot of which the machine was operating. Near us was the engine, whilst at some distance from it in another paddock the plough was at work at right angles with the engine, and with nothing apparently to guide it. It is almost impossible to give a technical description of the opera- tions, as, without an accompanying plan, the reader might fail to comprehend it. Attached to the engine is another bulky piece of machinery, which com- prised two revolving drums around which was coiled the immense length of wire rope, 1600 yards in all, which is used to work the p!ough up and down the field. These drums are connected with the fly wheel of the engine by an endless band of iron of immense strength, which is claimed to be more durable and better than the ordinary band of leather. The revolving drums are constructed on what seems to be the same principle as the drums attached to the winding gear of mining machinery. One or both can be thrown out of gear at the pleasure of the engineer. The two lengths of wire rope pass out from the lower part of the drums through what is termed a double-snatch block, which is placed a few feet away from the drums. This block consists of three pulley wheels placed in a horizontal frame- work which rests upon the ground. The wire ropes pass around two of these wheels and, when the machinery is working in a large field, thence run equal distances in the same straight line in opposite direc- tions to points at each of which there is a single-snatch block. The rope passes through the pulley wheel and takes a rectangular direction. Three sides of what may be termed a rectangular figure have thus been formed. The plongh is found to be at work on the fourth side. The smallness of the field on which the plough was at work on Saturday neces- sitated some slight deviation from the ordinary plan of working the machinery. But it will be plainer, perhaps, to our readers if we only attempt the descrip- tion of the steam plough when at work on a large farm. At each end of the fourth line, or the side opposite the stationary engine—the line, that is, along which the plough works—there is a machine styled a self-acting and self- moving anchor. In the catalogue published by the firm, the following description is given of the anchor:—"This well-known automatic anchor, with its recent improvements, is claimed to be one of the moat successful agricultural implements ever invented. One of them is placed at each headland, with the plough (or cultivator) working between them. They are perfect in their action, and by their use a saving of two men is effected. The mechanical arrange- ments are as follow:—A ball is fixed on the steel wire rope, just in front of the plough ; on reaching the headland this ball strikes a forked lever, which in turn raises the pawl lever, and releases the anchor. It will be readily understood that then the whole strain of the rope is on the anchor, which moves forward until the engine stops at the will of the attend- ant. An accident throngh the plough running into the anchor is thus rendered an absolute impossibility. It is fitted with a simple, yet perfect steerage, and will travel upon straight and crooked headlands alike under all conditions of the land." This self acting anchor, in fact, is seemingly one of the most important portions of the whole machine, and the simplicity of its mechanicsm is not its least attraction. The above necessarily somewhat imperfect description of the steam plough at work may, perhaps, be scarcely understood by the non-scientific reader. Let any such picture to him- self say a perfect square enclosed by this long wire rope. In the centre of one line stand the engine and the rope drums immovable. On the line directly opposite the engine, the plough is working up and down, the completion of each turn bringing it nearer the force from which it takes its motion in the first place. The snatch blocks at each corner simply act as as many horizontal pulleys to diminish as far as possible the friction. From this it will be seen that in commencing work the plcugh is placed as far as possible away from the engine towards which the action of the wire ropes, assisted by the self-acting anchor, gradually guides it. The plough itself is of the ordinary three furrow description with this important exception that it is double-headed, or that at each end it is provided with plough-shares. This saves any labour in reversing the implement. When the plough is at work the end not used occupies a semi-perpendicular posi- tion so that it is not in the way of opera- tions. When in full work two men and a boy are sufficient to keep the steam plough going. One man is required to attend to the engine &c.;, a second to guide the plough, whilst the boy is to assist the ploughman. In England the steam plough has been known to turn over fr0m eight to nine acres per day. It is estimated that at Meningoort six acres will be pos- aible. From this it will be seen that some years of work will require to be done before the 4000 acres have been brought under cultivation, even if it were possible to carry on operations for nine or ten months of the year. With manual labor the land could scarcely be reclaimed in a generation without keeping a large num- ber of three-furrow ploughs and good teams constantly at work. Judging from what could be seen of its work on Saturday, Mr. McArthur will have no reason to be dissatisfied with his purchase. The rain of the previous day or two had rendered the ground somewhat difficult to manipulate. The plough was set to work in a cultivation paddock, the surface of which was decidedly "sticky." From this cause the wheels of the plough were occasionally clogged, and a man was employed clearing them at intervals. To the wheel running inside the furrow Mr. McArthnr, senr., applied a scraper which was successful in keeping it clear after- wards. The plough, however, did excel- lent work. The furrows were regular and clean,and the "topping" was almost as well done as if the implement had been guided ly a "crack" ploughman, driving a good team of horses. The depth of the fur- row was about live inchs, but with steam power there should practically be no limit in this direction. Under the same con- ditions it could have taken a strong team of bullocks kept at work on the ground an entire day, to accomplish a tithe of the work, and it is to be doubted whether such a team could have kept at it. With steam power, however, there were no stoppages. It was certainly a novel experience to witness the plough, guided by one man, and with the moving force outside the field, work- ing steadily up and down, and turn- ing up the fine black soil in its course. There were on long stoppages at the headland, no pauses midway to give the horses time to breathe aftor an unusually heavy pull through a stiff bank. In place of these there was that almost monoton- ous regularity which is characteristic of the"clockwork" operations of machinery. At each headland the automatic anchor moved three furrows length forward, the plough shares to be next used turned down; the wire rope was aiaiu stretched, and forward went the plough. The same simple operations were repeatedl at the other end. So far as could be seen from a cursery glance the steam plough will greatly ecconomise time and labor in cases where a large area of ground, say from 500 acres upwards, is to be put under cultivation. It seems to do its work even better than the ordinary plough, and there is this advantage to be gained with it that the depth of the furrow is practically unlimited. It is yet too soon to arrive at any estimate to the cost of working &c.; as that can only be done after it has been at work for some weeks when an average could be obtained. At present however it only seems reasonable to believe that comparing the amount of work done in a given time with the expense &c.;, the ultimate result will be greatly in favor of the steam power. We hope, in the course of a few weeks, to be able to supply our readers with further information regarding the operations of the steam plough for the introduction of which into this district, the thanks of the community are due to Mr. P. McArthur. 