TALK ON 'CHANGE. " I will buy with you, sell with you, talk with you." -SHAKSPEARB. " Quamquam ridentem dlccre vcrom, (^UID vetat?"-HORACE. In every community there are black-hearted traducers who murder reputations, credulous persons who circulate slanders, and fools who believe any absurdity they hear. Nor are some newspapers free from blame. Hiding behind a hedge of anonymity, Bludyer, of the Tomahawk, writes: " Humours are afloat involving the credit of an important firm in the ice-cream trade. Liabilities are known to be gigantic Assets nil." Smith, Jones, and Robinson discuss the matter in the smoking carriage of the train, and currency is soon given to rumours, which, in a day or two, discredit some of the best and most thoroughly solvent firms. One of these senseless lies pervaded the community, or rather an under stratum of the community, last Saturday and Sunday. They reierred to a bank and to an important firm, and in each case there was not the shadow of foundation, and I speak with the positiveness of absolute knowledge. I believe one of the crew of slanderers has been caught red-handed, and I hope he will get what he deserves-which, of course, will be acquittal if he be innocent A gentleman, who gave his name, narrated lately in The Argus how the other day he met a friend in Bourke-street, and stopped for a few minutes' conversation with him when a stalwart constable placed a hand upon his shoulder and ordered bim to move on. The complainant appears to be surprised. Does he not know that this kind of police terrorism is as common in Melbourne as blackberries in autumn? It may or may not be known to Mr. Chomley, but it is no less a fact that the contumely of a policeman's touch has been endured by many of our best citizens in a similar way. I was crossing Collins-street lately, when I was addressed on a matter of business by a gentleman on his way to a country train, lie bad not spoken one sentence when a police constable (No. 3,417) left the pave ment, and, coming out into the street at a point where there was no other person within 20 yards, ordered as to move on. As a law-abiding man and a magistrate I felt, and I feel, aggrieved, but my case is only one of many. I feel ashamed that in this regard the police management ot the street traffic is Russian and not English, and that a foreign visitor should be thus treated is a Vic torian humiliation. There are experienced men in the police service capable of main taining a clear pathway without official in solence and uncalled-for interference, bat it is frequently a raw and ill-mannered jnnior who is entrusted with the duty of making himself obnoxious and the police force ridi culous. The chief commissioner may rest assured that there is not the least exaggera tion in my statement of a civic grievance. Even Prince Bismarck, the man of iron, is sometimes bearded in the Reichstag. One of the Social Democrats, addressing him in the course of a debate, used this forcible simile:-"Your Parliament, Sir, is but the fig-leaf of Absolutism 1" There are certain subjects which must "be touched upon delicately, for Podsnap is abroad with Mrs. Grundy just round the corner. My young Australian on his travels1 (who is not one of our nation who wonders at and Ura$r owteiraa the fact) says that at most English rati way Jtajjtfba there ia accommodation (generally repulsive in ours) where, for a penny toll, there^fl / cleaniinesa and comfort. For the lavatory,"""*T 2d. charge entitles yon to a pleasant wash and brnsh-up. Once again, Messieurs the Commissioners, follow Captain Cattle, and make a note of it On second thoughts, don't make a note- but do it The man who stole the child's calie has now a mate who may be bracketed with him, or, let me Bay, handcuffed to him. Mr. Wil liam Davidson Aires was lately arrested, tried, convicted, and sentenced, in that he, in the guise of friendship, called upon & man ill in bed, and on departing stole the sick man's watch and chain. No, I don't think your expiation conld b« more complete, even although it may be a little cloudy in expression " Mrs. , 1 most humbly be; your pardon re specting the way in which your character was so In jured as for whoever wu said by me. I am sun that I had not the slightest idea of injuring yont character in the least, vrhich it appetn ha* done, and I ain truly eorry (or what I have said respecting you in any way whatever." There isn't another man in all Woolloomooloo who could back down more completely. Mr. Moxey, up Newcastle way, is annoyed by the incursions of strange animals which wander incontinently and without per mission over his lands. So the blood ol Moxey is at length roused, and he has issued the following manifesto:-"Notice.- Owners of goats and geese are cautioned not to allow them to stray into my paddock after thU date, as I intend to impound them ir respectively." After repeated and cordial general In vitations Bushfire Greene did call at Cold water's station and spent the evening there. On bidding his gnest good- night, C. put it this way, " And now, Greene, my boy, re member we will alwayB be delighted to see you. Come in whenever you feci inclined, just as you did to-night, vrilhaut being in vited." A distinguished member of the Victorian Civil Service was unfortunately addressed with the prefix of "Mr." by a municipal officer, who had no just appreciation of dignities. After several severe comments npon his initials being misplaced, the injured member of V.C.S. continues-" I would point out that it is desirable more precision should be used in these matters; also, that it is usual in addressing a gentleman to add ' Esq.' after the name, instead of prefixing it with ' Mr.'" Dear me. How sad 1 Well mounted on a descendant of the famous Traducer, a well-known New Zea land squatter was chasing a sheep-worrying dog which made its appearance from a neigh bouring township. In his excitement he quite forgot his own newly- erected standard and wire fence which ran along the face of a hill. Asked afterwards by a sympathetic friend the cause of his arm being in a sling and of his pronounccd Alexandra limp, he explained hia trouble, addine-"As I was going through the air I thought to myself, by George, here goes the Christchurch dentist's twenty-guinea set of teeth-and wool down twopence." J2GLES. 