Bathurst. December 1. A most melancholy case of suicide occurred last week. Mr. W. M. Home, for 18 years an employee of Messrs. Meagher and Co., was missed by his wife on Wednesday. As he had been rather reserved in hi6 manner of late, she became alarmed and communicated with the police, who caused search to be made, but in everywhere but the right direction. Thursday'and Friday passed, and still no tidings of the absent one. On Saturday morning, however, a ladder was missing, and it then seemed to strike somebody to 6earch the space between the ceiling and the roof of Home's dwelling. Accordingly, steps were procured, and, ascend ing through a man-hole, a neighbour found the dead body of the missing man lying across the beams, with his head on a pillow and two laudanum bottles by his side. It became clear then that the deceased had committed suicide. He had purchased the poison some days before, and, waiting till he knew his wife was absent, he obtained permission of bis employer to leave business. ne went nome, and sent Ms nursegui for some lollies. Finding the house empty, he ascended through the man-hole, drew the ladder after him, fixed the pillow in a comfortable position, and, drinking off the laudanum, lay down and died. An inquest was held, and a verdict was returned that the deceased committed suicide while labouring under temporary insanity.- Mr. Home was a quiet, _ unobtrusive man, regular in attending his work, exhibited an- interest in Baptist churoh work, and was a kind and affectionate father. He was steady in hi6 habits, and was one of the last men whose manna- would suggest suicide as a means .of ending possible troubles. But there is- no doubt that his mind had become affected, and die systematic way in which he planned his own death indi cated that he bad contemplated the deed for some time He leaves a wife and two children. His life was insnred for £300. The Anglican Bishop of Bathurst held two confirmation services on Sunday — one at All Saints' Cathedral, and the other at Str Barnabas' Church, Milltown. On both occa sions he took the opportunity, to £ay a few words of fare well to his people. His Lordship, who ceases to be Bishop of Bathurst on this date, will sail for' England on Christ mas Day. A new lodge of Freemasons called the Caledonia, under the Scottish institution, was consecrated on Wednesday night last. There was a numerous attendance at the Phoe nix Lodgerooms, where the ceremony took place,- Dr. Sedgwick, D.G.M., and a number of officers attending from die Grand Lodge. The proceedings created great interest among the brethren. Brother J. J. Atkins is the master of the new lodge, being a past-master in the craft. The consecration was followed by a banquet at Inch's Hotel, where those who attended spent a pleasant night. There are now two lodges in Bathurst, and the fraternity seems to be flourishing. The Commandant's annual inspection of the Bathurst Volunteer corps took place on Wednesday morning last. Seventy-three men attended under Lieutenant Cassidy, nnri went through a variety of evolutions. In the absence of the Major-General, Colonel Roberts, C.M.G., conducted the inspection. He was accompanied by Major Mackenzie, and Lieutenant- Colonel Paul and Captain Hill (adjutant) were also present. The clothing and accoutrements of the com pany were found to be in good order, and the drill was a good one, but the inspecting officer found some fault with the manner in which the non-commissioned officers per formed their duty. The latter appeared slightly at sea, the reason being that, owing to the presence of only one com missioned officer, they were suddenly called upon to dis charge duties that were somewhat new to them. The conversazione to Bishop Marsden was the most suc cessful affair of the kind yet witnessed here. There were 10 or 11 speeches by clergymen of different denomina tions and by laymen, and a well-selected programme of music, besides an exhibition of fine arts and refreshments. Though there was a good deal to get through, including the presentation of a handsomely illuminated address to the Bishop, the meeting was all over by half-past 10. His Lordship was wished bon voyage by a large number of friends. There have been several delightful showers of rain, which have refreshed the earth, and though they have come too late to do much good to the crops, the grass will grow. The private tanks are all full, and no thought of scarcity of water for some time is anticipated. for there are a good few of those tracts of land in the neighbourhood, tbe opening' of which would certainly . conduce to the increased population of the district The grasshoppers have again put in an appearance, but, eo far, not in sufficient numbers to do much damage. Rabbits are still plentiful, especially on Mahonga, Burran gong, and Goonambil. At a meeting of the School of Arts committee held on the 12th, Dr. Anderson being in the chair, Mr; H. Culley was appointed treasurer, in the room of Mr. L. B. Cullev, de ceased ; Mr. A. B. Moffctt- was selected to fill the office of secretary rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. H. Adams f and llr. Eugelhardt was appointed a member of the committee. The building being not yet insured, the secretary was instructed to see that such was done, and like wise empowered to have the piping so altered as to carry the waste water away from the foundation. On the evening of the 27th a former inmate of the Rand wick Asylum, named John C-onneton, 17 years of age, delivered himself up to the police, saying that he had run away from the parson to whom he had been apprenticed, was afraid to go back, and had nowhere to go. He was then locked up for protection. The next day he was brought before Messrs. Lamb and Culley, Js.P., and stated that he had 'bolted' from the residence of Mr. W._R. Ryan, a selector on Brookong run, after having been with the latter for nearly four years, owing to his being illtreated there. After hearing his statement, the Bench decided to remand the case till the 4th, when the Police Magistrate will be present, anri to ensure the attendance of Mr. Ryan. Bushfires have been raging in different parts of the country of late, but. happily, the immediate vicinity of the township has been, so far free from them. It was, however, ' more by good luck than good management ' that one was not kindled on the 19th, soma men engaged in shifting a fence for Mr. Watt, of Cocketgedong, having, quite unknown to him and acting on their own authority, set fire to a hut close to that fence. As no notice of their intention had been left in the township, when the smoke was seen ascending there was a regular rush therefrom, all the males who could get away making for the fire, about two miles distant. When, on their arrival on the scene, they found that the fire was kindled intentionally, there was naturally a good deal of itrong language used, much more forcible than polite. It was fortunate that the day was calm, for had there been even a breath of wind notliing could have pre vented the spread of the fire, so long and thick was thegiass round about. 