VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent] 'Melbourne. Fehrnarv 9. The Chief Secretary had an outing with oneofjiis colleagues last week. Ministers have bo little to speak about that their utterances hardlv excite enriositv. The political world is dull, and nobody enquires what measures are in preparation, for next session, because it is understood that the leading measures will be the remanets from last year. Mr. Berry spoke about federation —on which, it is impossible to say anything new— and the Tasmanian treaty, which is a federal subject. His agreement with the Hobart Government meets with quiet ac quiesence, except from a few minor in dustries. The hopgrowera effect alarm at the prospect of being swamped by Tasmanian rroducts. There is a protective duty of 6d. per lb. on hops. It does not keep out the foreign article, although our own production is nearly double the local requirements, obliging the grower to ship to the English market. The best Victorian hops command a higher price than Taa manian, but the quality vanes with the dis trict andthe skill of the cultivator. Taamanian hops are better known than Victorian, having been longer in use. The Victorian industry should be able to hold 1*3 own without the duty, which is absurdly hi§h. Hopgrowing is restricted to river flats, tne finest qualities coming from the Upper Yarra. Mr. Berry is not alarmed at the protests that have come from Gippaland, where theindustry ia principally carried on. Objections have also been heard from, the sawmillers, who wish to limit the importation of pine and hardwoods from Tasmania. They are a class for whom the Radicals feel no sympathy, as they usually vote with the Conservatives, and exercise considerable influence in forest dis tricts. The Conservatives being Freetraders, of course must vote for the Tasmanian treaty. Intercolonial free trade is commended as desirable by both Protectionists and Free traders, and the Tariff Commission submitted general propositions in its favour. Difficulties do not present themselves until we come to details. Next session the tariff will have to be revised, and until then the Tasmania agreement will be pigeon-holed. The Governor is holiday making, and has been showing our picturesque scenery to dis tinguished visitors from the old country. He has taken Mr. James Anthony Fronde to Fernshaw, the habitat of the tall gum-trees, and lunched the historian in a ferntree glen. Sir Henry had to cut his trip short in conse quence of a bush- fire occurring at Mount Macedon, where Lady Loch, and the family are residing. Every year, in the dry season, farmers and small settlers burn off grass ana timber at Macedon, and the destruction of a few rods of fencing or a haystack or two usually passes unnoticed. It is different when the Governor takes a house on the mountain slopes; and the fire enters his ground in search of amuse ment. Mount Macedon is fifty miles from Melbourne, and the railway runs round its base. Its height above the sea is 3,300 feet, and in summer the visitors are numerous. The southern slope is dotted with cottages owned by Melbourne residents, who send their families there during Decem ber, Jar nary, and February. It may only be a coincidence, but people comment much on the fact that the Governor has become the tenant, for the summer, of the proprietor of the leading Radical newspaper. The policy of our present ruler is to be on good terms with all parties, and more especially those who are rather free in their criticisms of sacred institutions or high authorities. His predecessor despised critics and cavillers, pursuing the course he thought right in Bcorn of consequence, and many a venomous attack was made on his adminis tration of our affairs. Sir Henry Loch reminds us more of Sir George fiowen, who made ' friends' of all people. The times fortunately are peaceful, and the. Governor fulfils all public requirements by being amiable. He attends festivities, and enter-, tains liberally, chalking out in this respect a new course. In the past our Governors have been chieflv noted for thrift. ' The interviews between the South Aus tralian Railway officials and the Victorian Commissioners prepare us for the early- join- ing together of the systems of the two colonies, and the running of through trains between Melbourne and Adelaide. Terms have been come to for the purchase and maintenance of special rolling-stock. The sleeping-cars to be furnished by South Aus tralia, will, when placed on the lines, be the first brought into use in Victoria. Trains run at night on the country lines, but sleeping accommodation ia hot provided, although the journey between some points lasts until morning. Between Melbourne and- Sydney; the time-table is so arranged that., the. sleep-, ing is done on the New South Wales Bide. The break of gauge at Albury causes this. On the Melbourne-Adelaide line the cars will _ go through from end to end, if required, and passengers will be saved the trouble of changing seats at the Border. The rate of speed wlU necessarily be slower than between Melbourne and Sydney, be cause beyond Ballarat the construction on the Victorian side is light;, and the rails will not bear heavy fast-running engines. At the same time the country traversed will be for the moat part flat, so that a higher average should be obtainable than between Albury and Sydney, where a height of 2,000 feet his to be surmounted, and the ruling gradient ia 1 in 29. The Victorian portion of the Mel bourne and Sydney Railway is one of the most substantial works the Commissioners have under their management, and our trains can with safety travel sixty miles an hour when wanted. The first 100 miles of the Melbourne-Adelaide system are also of strong make. About the time the Dimboola and Border Town section is ready the direct line from Melbourne to Ballarat should also be finished, and the detour via Geelong will be avoided, saving about twenty-six miles. For postal purposes the Melbourne and Adelaide fine will be of great advantage, giving us a fast daily mail. At present the mails that go overland are sixty hours in transit, or very nearly double the time taken by steamer. All railway traffic between Adelaide and Sydney will have to pass through Melbourne, as the Ballarat and North-Eastern systems do 'not connect. A direct line, however, would neither save time nor inconvenience, cross-country lines being necessarily slow, while for passengers it is always better to change trains at a metropolitan terminus than at an inland junction. The South Aus tralian representatives have another item on their list of questions for discussion with the Victorian Government— the readjustment of the dividing line between the two colonies. Ton require a scientific frontier, and ask us to move back to the 141st meridian, as laid down by the modern astronomer, while we prefer the line laid down in the olden days by inexact geographers, two or three miles to the westward of the true position. The Vic torian Government have never been favour able to the proposed alteration, but I observe that the Press recommends the statement of a case for the decision of the Privy Council. This is not the place for arguing the ques tion, otherwise I might give reasons why V ic- toria considers it right to stick by the terri tory originally handed over by New South Wales. Since the Public Service Act was pro claimed to be in operation from January 1 hardly a week goes by without a manifesto of some kind from the Board. Most of their papers are dry reading, except to the parties immediately concerned— officials, present and to come. On Monday last, however, wa3 issued a list of all the employes under the Board, except the State school teachers. Age and salary were given in every instance, which both ladies and gentlemen consider very unfair treatment. Before the new Act came, into force you might make a guess at the salary drawn by particular officers, but their ages were not ascertainable by outsiders. The vulgar and curious now* have the most delicate, of secrets in their possession. In every village the gossips know how old or young the postmistress is, - and how many summers have passed over the nead of her fair assistant. Elizabeth Smith, 47, can no longer hold herself oat as a spinster, of 30 years or less. The public servants are angry not only with the Board, for gazetting tell-tale facta, but also with the newspapers for giving wider circulation to the list than it could obtain in the Gazette. There has been such a tremendous demand for copies, however, that the appearance of the list must serve some useful purpose. Money lenders and tradesmen were among the first to profit by the disclosures, and we hear now this and that official has had his credit stopped on its becoming known that he is receiving say £150 a year instead of the £500 he has all along been pretending to draw. Ii it were lawful to burn Messrs. Templeton, Irving, and Ccuchman in efficv a bonfire woull be lighted behind every pub'lic office^ v 15ere 2. aopr?ini4e °l ***& controversy between the Scots Church and the Melbourne Presbytery over the. Rev. Charles Strong. On the return of their late minuter to Mel bourne the coDRresiation proposed to engage him to preach. They could not restore Mr. Strong to his charge, because his connection with the Church had been terminated by the act of the Presbytery, but they considered it lawful to now and again obtain a sermon from him. The congregation are governed and .controlled by a 'kirk session' of three peifions— the Moderator, appointed by the Presbjiery, and two Elders. Af er the resignation of ilr. Strong the Presbytery iilkd the Afoderatorship by selecting i a minister who they knew would keep the congregation muzzled. He has done so effectually. A few weeks back the Elders, in the name of the congregation, moved that Mr. Strong be invited to do occasional pnlpit duty. The Moderator in terposed his veto, and the proposal had to be dropped. Various other schemes were suggested. It was proposed that a public school should be started for Ilr. Strong, who would have obtained wide support. Another course suggested was the taking of legal proceedings to compel the Presbytery to give Mr. Strong a, clean certificate of discharge or restore him to the possession of his former rights, Mr. Strong disapproved of litigation. He might succeed in obtaining an order from the Supreme Court, because the Pres bytery undonbtedlyproeeededirregularly, but it would then have been open to the Presby tery to commence denovo and pass a sentence of ecclesiastical death instead of the milder sentence of ' deprivation/' under which the reverend gentleman suffers at present. The final decision of the congregation was to create a non-ecclesiastical office for Mr. Strong, with the salary of £500 attached. His charge is to visit the poor of the district, and administer to their spiritual wants. He is also to conduct} Sunday service in the Temperance Hail. This service is ostensibly for the noor, but really for the congregation of ' Scots Church, who attend in their own place of worship in the morning and evening, ;but move to the Temperance Hall in the afternoon, and the extra service 13 far more popular than either of the othera. The counter move of the 'resbytery, who seem bent upon starving Mr. Strong out of Melbourne, 13 to call for the books of the Scots Church with the view to disallowing unlawful expenditure. Their control, however, 13 restricted to funds derived from landa, and this portion of the Scots Church revenue is absorbed by the payment of interest on borrowed money. The collections cannot be touched, and if the Presbytery interferes with the seat rents the rents will be abolished and voluntary contributions substituted. To-morrow the Presbytery paya a, disci plinary visit to the Church. The principal result will probably be the reopening of old sores and the stirring of bad blood. ar. Strong's people are determined to fight to the bitter end. They might close the dispute by quitting the denomination and opening a Church of their own. In doing 30 they would lose a splendid rjroperty, which would fall like Khartoum into the hands of the Mahdi of Preabyterianism. Their policy is ;to hold the fort against all comers. They are provided against a long siege. It is intended, at an early opportunity, to obtain a new pastor for' the Church from Scotland^ Meantime, Mr. Dods, the assis tant minister, conducts the services. He is of the Strong school, but too young for the senior position. Overtures have been made to several able men at home. The congre gation is not in a hurry, being resolved on making a wise choice. The next minister, to satisfy his congregation, will require to have a firm backbone. 