CHINESE AND EUROPEAN GAR DENERS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I am pleased to know that the members of the South Australian Gardeners' Society have objected to any comparison being made at their meetings between them selves and Chinamen. I have noticed remarks for some time past from editors of papers respecting Chinamen not at all complimen tary to English or colonial gardeners, each as " English gardeners, go and learn lrotn the Chinamen. What wrinkle can the China men teach English gardenero ? Their method of stunting ana deforming forest-trees, grow ing them in small pots until a great age, train ing some of the roots higher than the topmost branches—it is not worth learning. People generally admire what is useful and orna mented, noble forest-trees, fully developed, giving shade and shelter, and of com mercial value in their endt having made the world pleasanter to live upon. My opinion is that Chinamen's plans of grow ing vegetables have an indecent haste abont them when they get manure from earthpits to force thingB on the way it is done in Chinese gardens. I would not eat things from a Chinese garden or Sewage Farm if I knew it. 1 will give some reasons for this statement, and some simple remedies. I don't think onr science teachers will contra dict them. My horses have often been offered green grass, oats, barley, or wheat grown from land manured shortly before with Blinking manures and they would not touch it, but would readily eat I what was grown from sweet soil, although in appearance it was not half as good. I do not doubt the palate of horses, cattle, or sheep in a case of Bweet green feed. Their taste has not been destroyed by taking some thing scalding hot at one time, and something frozen soon after. Horses, cattle, or sheep will not eat green grass grown in the same way as Chinamen grow theircabbage and other vegetables. It is easy to prove the above truthful evidence that vegetation is injuriously affected when grown from rank stinking manures. If such manures Bhould be used in land, green crops should be grown and turned under two or three times; then the land is rich and fit to grow good whole some crops fit for people and animals. If land is manured from which crops are to be grown immediately for food, the manure used should have been well fom ented, kept moist and turned onteides in once or twice, as dry perished manures are very little good. Cows let us know what sort of nutriment has been supplied to them by their milk and other animals by their flesh, so with vegeta tion what manure has been used. "A. silk purse is not made out of a sow's ear." I think the credit is due to the Romans and not to the Chinamen for instructing the British in the advantage of asing water ex fosed to the sun and air for watering plants. remember the practice of it more than a quarter of a century ago in England, and it appeared to be as old as the old castles there. I am aware that the supply of vegetables and fruits should he larger and better than what they are in most parts of this colony. There are hundreds, I may say thousands, of people in the country and bnsh districts fond of vegetables and fruits that do not get half supplied, and do not get a good bunch of grapes for years together. This is the fault of the Government more than the gardeners. I agree with much that is In Mr. G. "W. Cotton's letter in the weekly Observer, March 14, and repeat one remark. "Oar Govern ment gives a premium for bad cultivation. Our Government hap never given any induce ment to the people to take up pieces of land to make gardens, orchards, vineyards, &c.;, or land for cultivation in suitable blocks in country townsbipB or snbarbs, but have done ail tbey could to prevent such cultivation." For stating this I will give my reasons and remedies. If a load of manure is upon Crown lands two licences are demanded for it, 15s. for the manure and 2s. 6d. for the cart, another 10s. for seaweed, another 10a. for soil or sand, and soon. Is this encouraging cultivation? The manure is generally swept away by bush fire and the seaweed by salt water, and_ the country is the poorer for _it. If any frnit is imported from the adjoining colonies it is duty free, whilst a duty has to be paid for fruit exported to ttie_ same colonies. Nurserymen here are handicapped by the Government Nursery. Many of the good flats fit for cultivation are utterly spoilt io the way the roads are surveyed through "them. Had the roada be<n surveyed alonec side the Hats, in many coses the roads would have been better, being on poorer and drier .ground ; they would have Been better able to carry the traffic, and when they re quired to be macadamized it could be done cheaper and with less trouble. The flats fit for cultivation, where payable crops conld be grown, have now roads passing through them, the roads occupying the good laud that will not stand the traffic in winter, getting boggy and oftentimes impassable rathe rainy season. The remainder of the flat is in little useless pieces in four separate paddocks divided by the roads. This makes a man look with envious eyes at the _good_ land occupied by the roads when he is trying to cultivate the poor soil alongside. _ Is it sur veyed in this way to prevent^ cultivation and settlement of people upon it, to keep it as sheepwalks? For if snch it is likely to be fairly successful. It would have been sur veyed different if the Government or sur veyors had to do the cultivation. Some land has been taken away from the squatters that was only fit for sheep. There would have been less of that if selectors had not taken more than they could manage, some taking a thousand acres when they were not in a position to cultivate a hundred properly. Had many of them taken a much ' smaller quantity of the best land they could get tbey would have been much better off to-dav—1,000 acres is a white elephant to more* than owns to it. In my opinion, all lands should be classed. No road should -occupy good land when it could be put upon poor land alongside which would serve the purpose equally well. In all cases good patches of land should be undivided by roads as far as practicable. Of country lands not within two miles of townships farmers should be allowed to take a fair quantity; within two miles of a township, not more than 200 acres of first-claBs land; suburbs Within one mile of township, not more than fifty acres of first-class land, and only twenty acres of first-claBB land in good positions in suburbs; and in town ships one block of allotments from two and a half to five acres, not in the best commercial positions, with reasonable prices and easy terms for personal residence and improvements upon the land in all cases. This I think would give to the working class a chance of securing a piece of land without being put in competition with any and every -speculator far and near as at present. The gardeners here have had forced on them two 'Government presents which are not wanted, viz., sparrows and rabbits. From the rabbits I have been a loser of over £50 this season, An old paper was found a short time ago in this district containing instructions to the .police trooper to prosecute and get heavily fined or imprisoned any person killing a rabbit. Sir, 1 think that gardeners and small cultivators have laboured under more disadvantages than any other class of people In this colony. First by injury, and then in sult added. Can any one be surprised at the poor and scanty supply of vegetables and fruits in maDy parts of this colony, especially When no assistance is shown by the Govern ment to encourage cultivation? JSUiston, April 4. X am, fair, &c.;, PHIL. MOORE. 