GRANYA. FROM OUR OWN . CORRESPONDENT. J Friday. It may ba rememberad that, on- the application of Mr John Scarlett Mr John Pooley, councilor of the Shire of T<v,vnn«. was ousted by Mr Justice Wi liams. The extraordinary election dnly came off on Saturday, the 24th infl. The returns 'from Gi'finya Dootnj were Pooley, 9 ; Scarlett, 76 ; informal, 1\. At Tailangatt the numbers were P ioley, 5 ; Scarlett, 8 ; and nt Bethanga Pooley, 123 ; Scarhtt 110 ; leaving a 'lority in favor of Mr Scarlftt q7-. The Cadgew.i. lind Walwft rttvro? re duced the majority by which M'r Scarlett w,s elected to 35. Iu Flngliou speeking conuurxnities "fair v'.ay i". oonnia play." Oa account ol the dir.oofirtesy shown to Mr John B'jarlttt by iho returuifg- offioer on, fiomina'ion day, in the matter of pnfiting ths names of the candidates dominated, opponents of Mr Scarlett politically were induced to alter their minds and recorded their votes out of sympathy for a man who they con sidered had been again unfairly treated. At the Graoya booth at 3.15 every possible vote was recorded — m my opinion an unheard of occurrence at any election. At the close of the poll Mr John Pooley, jun., was aBked to partake of a glass of wine, and his health was very kindly proposed by Mr Stewart, J.P., of Thologolong, who is par-ex cellence the Granya representative at the Towong Council table. It was clearly explained to Mr Pooley that no one received the slightest disrespect to his father, either as a man or as a councillor, and suggestions freely thrown out to him, that if either his father or himself stood for the oouncu next August — iu the absence of the local candidate— he would get as strong a support from Grauya as Mr Scarlett had that dav. A bush-fire in the vicinity of the township was discovered by Constable Ross during the week ; and with the assistance of Messrs Jewell and Kielly, and a number of volunteers, it was promptly extinguished. Constable Ross' "deserves .great credit for hi9 energy -and core in the matter. 1 am sorry to report -that the constable lost a valuable horse in the early morning after 'the fire, at which he had been watching most of the night. The polite-stable opens into a yard in which there "is a small well with a windlass over it. Tabs ol water usually -stand filled at theweli,and it has been the custom at this station, for the troop 'horse- to go out-aud drink or roll at hk will. Hearing a splash the con- si able rushed to the well, and found the horse haAf alien down hind-quarters first, "Plefity of willing hands were focn'rl to assist; but the -nature of the windless precluded the horse from be ing properly raised to' the -ourfuce. Mr Sohti". Hammond, wood contractor to the Granya Company, was' badly hart, through a tree -filling on 'him during the wewk. "The sufferer is. » hard work- ing meo, with a large family. At one i vcqq i?; was i thought his injuries were very- eesiouf. ; but I am happy to say that fee was well enough to record -his vole on SirturtiBjilast, and expects to be able to sK-sume work ina .-few days. A sixth share ia the Hidden (Treasure Company- changed hands last -week, the paiae 'being -soO. Mr Joaniuray is the vesfior, and -I hear -that ha is abant tcjjain -the Government prospect ing party nndt-r Mir mining -surveyor Craven. .Messrs \Yandenbarg and; Lock- hart iclso. disposed o'5i wo- foartbshi forests in their claim'to MessrsBsrrymanlBrG?., hi satiefoct >ry ruts?. They also seoare two experienced miners as mates, s. nacre imporr&nt; advantage! than the amotuitof tiicre received. The mew lay-reader held his "fiect service ox the Be tb.. Noone outside his 0rn fatnify attended— a. nssult no doubt; atiributed to ihhe inclamant weather.' The gentleman 'takes great interest in' religious maftars, having inaugurated the , Sundtty-scho3l and the organ fund here. 