BRNNX&OLME.; (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. ) Dec. 14. The return rifle match between the Digby and Branxhoime Clubs was fired at the formers butts on Saturday last. The weather was every thing that could be desired for shooting, and although our men were again beaten, thv. neverthless, showed a decided improvement to what they did in the previous match. The ranges were 200, 500 and 400 yards, seven shots allowed at each range. Our men had an ad- vantage oi points at tne :rw yards range, and thB Digbyites thought it was "up a wattle" with them. However, they went in lemons" at the other two ranges, wiped out the points, and won by 30, the principal scorers being— for Digby, Taylor with 77 points, and for ftnma- hoime. Beat with G7 points. (Branxhoime is decidedly bad at these ranges, and 1 must strongly recommend thi club to practice con stantly at them.) After the match was over, the teams adjourned to partake of a uic: dinner given by the Digby Club, which I can assure j you was done justice to. but I was exceedingly j sorry to see several Branxhoime members of the team did not accept the invitation but go elsewhere to satisfy their inner wants. I should not all hare made any mention of this had sot a similar action taken place after the previous match, when Mr. W. Gongb very kindly gave the teams i a nrst-aiaas luncheon, and then had the inortifi- ! cation to find he was the only one there to cu- 1 terrain the visitors. Surdy it must be shyness or forgetfulness on the part of these member, and, if so, I would ask them to endeavour to cultivate some sociability with an opposing team, tise hard sayings, etc., are 'likely tj ac crue. "Whilst on rifle shooting, let me warn tuc members that nnless more care be exercised an accident will not possibly be averted. I trier to this. The captain or, in his the secre- tary, most bs always at the mound and see that everything is correct before a member shoots, and should not allow (as I saw last Saturday) i anyone sho jt or aim before the disc At the target is down. This is the most important rule, and will haye to bs stringently carried out, or an accident will hxc tp be chronicled. The heat during last week was dreadful, the thermometer registcringen Sunday and Monday last 105 deg. in the shads. Such nea£ and sea son have not been felt or seen for years in tigs district, and the fanners have a poor look -on i if rei? does not fall soon. Dark, heavy clouds hover overhead at times, which cherish our hopes that some rain has not yet altogether de serted ns. Owing to tLe ;hy grass bushfires have made their appearance, car starting in Looker s paddock, at Condah, and s'preauing through Satchell's b.foie it was extinguished, damage to the exient of £40 being done to the fences. Mr. Barlow, better known as the "Inimitable Blue- tailed Fly," gave us a first-class entertain ment on Wednesday nignt to a small but highly appreciative audicne?. Our old friend, of whom some of your younger readers may be ignorant, has been on the "boards" for half a -century, and we old bands were convinced he sow per forms better than he did thirty years ego, when he became famous by the introduction of the song 4< Blue- tailed Fly." Hie name is sow n household word, and he undoubtedly deserves k, for a better single-handed production of songs, ph&r;&oter;, and dances could not be given vy suobuer iv&a.; The children's picnic, £<; te.ke place on Thorc- dey next, promisee to be s erect cnccese. A large earn necessary for the outlay 'lice £eci collected, snd in addition to tie "feed," a magic Untcii and diatribatian of prizes trill occupy the yonojtflrn' time in tbc evening. As s. sign of tire times, one of onr newly- installed knights of the pywter, has reduced the pari/; of medical comforts in the shape of "leng sleevece" from sispeoce to threepence. This has been a magnificent " riirovr in " for the old iokers yrith church money abont them, and they have, doting the scorching weather, waltzed up without a smile and taken advantage of the reduction. The nsnsl monthly sale of stock tras held at Ooagh's yards on the Jith inst fey ilessis. Bree and Co., when a good Quantity of sheep, horses and cattle, on account <>f Hiss KfDgpaJd teas disposed of at satisfactory rates. I hear that a cricket match between the Port land and Carterton Clubs will be played on the Brerjfholme ground on Batorday west. This ground was picked as it soils both teams ad mirably to travel if. Sergeant -Msj or Stuart ngt some ten or twelve members of the Corps ' through the nanus! enariae last Saturday. Tbe 'members itppeartp be getting into drill -very well, and as a sign tbst they can be put through their be ings, I am inform rri that after Christmas they will be fit for the monhtsf. force. 