PUBLISHED DAILY SATURDAY, APRIL 4, 1885. Two gentlemen distinguished in the world of politics have just enunciated their ideas in regard to Imperial Federa- tion. By a recent mail we are placed in possession of the speech delivered by Mr. Bright at Birmingham, and an article in the Ninteenth Century from the pen of Mr. E. Forster, in which these gentle- men deal with this important subject. Their views are in striking contrast. Mr. Bright ridicules the idea of Imperial Fede- ration, and waxes merry over the pro- ceedings of the Federation League. The honourable gentleman has evidently given a loose rain to his tongue and his imagination, and in his criticisms on the colonies is as grossly unfair and evidently as ignorant and prejudiced as the general run of untravelled Englishmen, display- ing, in fact, the full amount of dogmatism which is generally inseparable from a want of knowledge of the subject dealt with. Mr. Bright is of opinion that the introduction of self- government into the colonies must eventually lead to their secession from the Empire, and is quite ready himself for the separation as soon as the colonies express themselves ready for it. The honourable gentleman is ready at any moment to dismiss them, and expresses, moreover, the opinion that " the sooner they set up on their own account the better will it be for themselves and the mother country." Mr. Forster approaches the question in an entirely dilfferent spirit. As one of the founders and most prominent members of the Federation League, he thinks that the time is now ripe for definite action, and explains the steps he desires to see taken in the direction he advocates. Although sharing the opinion of Mr. Bright that " the tendency of the pre- sent state of things is towards the dissolu- tion of the union between England and her colonies," he is careful to add that it is still possible and expedient to take measures for counteracting the circum- stances tending towards creating a dis- ruption. Both gentlemen appear to under- rate the loyalty and sympathy of the colonies with the mother country, and to be ignorant of the fact that in the Australasian colonies, at all events, love for the old country has not diminished, but rather has increased,with the possession of the greater freedom granted to them. What "counteracting circumstances" Mr. Forster contemplates we are unable to surmise. No person familiar with the history of the Australian colonies will deny that it was wise to give them self- government. Maybe they have occasion- ally made mistakes ; but older countries; with the accumulated experience of centuries of history, have not been free from errors. If Messrs. Bright and Forster are really of opinion that the most essential condition of the national life of Australia is fraught with danger to the unity of the Empire, and requires "counteracting," we shall be curious to learn how it is intended to counteract it. The influence must, to be successful, certainly be exercised by the introduction of some element in no way antagonistic to the principle of local self-government. The colonies, in what may be termed their "salad days," are generally sub- jected to the same conditions as indi- viduals in their youth, There is in their early stages of development a period when they are, constantly being "snubbed," succeeded by a time when the impression seems to prevail that they must be dealt with in a most gin- gerly fashion, lest they should snarl and bite ; and the Australasian colonies have undergone both those experiences. In days past they have frequently been "snubbed ;" now the prevalent idea in Downing street appears to be that we are to be dealt with in a civil and temporising fashion, lest we should reply with an angry retort. Mr. Forster appears to have been animated in some degree by this latter feeling, for he says in the article referred to :—"As regards internal affairs, the colonists have self-government ; as regards foreign affairs, they are subjects not merely of the Queen, but of our Parliament — that is of the inhabitants of the United King- dom, or rather of such of those inhabi- tants as are voters." His conclusion may be logical. "This imperfect, incomplete, one-sided federation must and either in disintegration, or in complete and equal and perfect freedom." In answer to the question of how the mother country can best be kept united to her colonies, he replies :—"By an organisation for com- mon defence, and a joint foreign policy:" This is, of course, if "complete and equal and perfect freedom" could be attained, which could only be secured — theoretically — by the creation of a federal Parliamtent, elected upon similar conditions in all parts of the empire, and superior to what is now called the Imperial Parliament, and to the present colonial Legislatures. Mr. Forster thinks, however — and in this respect we are per- fectly in accord with the right honourable gentleman — that "any attempt to establish such a legislature would be impracticable." Whatever the difficulties of its estab- lishment in the colonies might be, those likely to arise in the mother country would be far more formidable in the car- rying out of any such scheme as sug- gested by Mr. Forster. As a first step, Mr. Forster advocates the creation of a colonial board of advice, similar to that proposed by Earl Grey. He does not enter into details in regard to the con- stitution of this board, although he hints that it should be composed of the Colonial Agents-General. On the ques- tion of defence such a board might per- haps be of some service, although we be- lieve that even without it proper con- sideration would be given by the colo- nies to any well arranged scheme for Imperial defence. But in its power to secure for the colonies "an official right to have a voice in the deotermination of the foreign policy of Great Britain," there can be little doubt that the council would prove a failure. While not dis- posed to magnify the difficulties of Mr. Forster's scheme for binding together England and her colonies, we are of opinion that Mr. Forster has hardly taken into account the complications to which any scheme similar to the one he suggests would undoubtedly lead. Such a partial federation as is implied in a board of advice would be at best but a risky expedient. One year it might be called upon to advise a Liberal and the next a Conservative Government, with an entirely different policy from that of its predecessor. Australians will, we feel sure, appreciate the earnest and kindly way in which Mr. Forster writes, especi- ally when contrasted with the tone of Mr. Bright's remarks. But we are firmly of opinion that the difliculties surrounding the question of federation are not to be lessened by the adoption of any such arti- ficial and incomplete expedients as those suggested by the honourable gentleman. It is for England to take the initiative in the direction of real federation of the Empire, and however far she may be pre- pared to go in this direction, we have no doubt, despite Mr. Bright's Cassandra, like predictions, that the Australian colonies will most heartily follow. OUR CABLE NEWS.-The Pall Mall Gazette says that if Mr. Lessar, the special Russian agent, is sent to London to arrange about the Russian frontier in Afghanistan there will be less hope of a peaceful solution of the difficulty. Earl Dufferin, the Viceroy of India, has at the request of the Ameer of Afghanistan despatched a force of Engineers to Herat to fortify that city. Mr. Howard Vincent, who has just returned from the British colonies, has been giving an account of his impressions formed during his travels, and says he has returned to Eng- land aghast at the Imperial neglect of the colonies. The French have defeated the Chinese at Pescadon after severe fighting. Information has been received by the French Government that China has ac- cepted the proposal for the conclusion of peace made by M. Jules Ferry after the occupation of Langeon. Attempts are being made to induce Bismarck to oppose the French recidiviste scheme. The hon. J. F. Garrick, the Queensland Agent- General, has refused the Queensland Judgeship offered to him. Revolutions have occurred in Central American States. OUR SUPPLEMENT to-day contains:— Cricket Notes--Railton-Upper Ringa- rooms - St. Helen's - Correspondence: Reciprocity and Wheat Growers; Formby Railwany Station; Leven Correspondent and the Road Trust; Mersey and Coast Railway Surveyor- Reciprocity-.Agricul- tural Notes-Fashion Notes-Virginian Mode of Curing Hams --Tale: " Bravely Borne" - Poetry : Keep the Family Together; Kate ; Somerset --Advertise- ments. ENGLISH MAILS. --The Orient steamer Garonne, which left Plymouth on the 27th February, arrived at Adelaide at 11.58 a.m. yesterday, and will probably arrive at Willianstown to-morrow about noon. The Tasmanian portion of the mail will be brought over in the s.s. Flinders, which leaves Melbourne on Tuesday, and will be delivered here on Wednesday. TRAIN MEMS.-- The morning trains yesterday from both the Laun- ceston stations took away a good many sportsmen and other holiday seekers. The express on the Main Line had about 150 passengers, a large propor- tion being arrivals from Melbournre by the Flinders. The mail train in the evening had only an ordinary complement of passengers. A number of volunteers returned from Mona Vale by the 8.10 p.m. train, to attend to busincss to-day, and, as some put it, "to get a square meal," but they will return by thc express and mail to- day to the encampment. By the express from Hobart the southtern team of cricketers arrived for the North v. South match, which commences to-day on the L.C.C. Ground. STANLEY'S OPERA COMPANY.—To-night Stanley's Opera Bouffe Company will render, for the second and last time, the well known and popular comic opera, "The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein." Those who have not witnessed this sparkling and amusing piece should not lose the present opportunity. On Monday night a panto- mime, entitled "Jack, the Giant Killer," will be given, with a large harlequinade and transformation scene. MISSION CHURCH. — At the Mission Church last evening Pastor Hiddlestone held a service of sacred song, assisted by several friends. The service passed off successfully, and was a great success, the attendance bcing very large. Pastor Bird also gave an address, which was listlened to attentively. The meeting ended at 9 p,m. with the Benediction. GOOD FRIDAY.--Yeterday, being Good Friday, was observed as a general holiday throughout Launceston, all places of busi- ness being closed. The weather was fine and mild and suitable for holiday making. Services were held morning and evening in the Anglican and Roman Catholic churches. A number of yachtsmen pro- ceeded down the river on Thursday night and yesterday morning, for the purpose of spending their holidays on the water. Several picnic parties betook themselves to rural retreats to enjoy the day in a romp in the woods or by the river. Fisher- men and sportsmen armed with rod and gun trudged to the spots selected by them to indulge in their favourite pas- time. Bushfires were lighted it different places in the outskirts of the town, the most noticed being one on the Cataract Hill, and one on Pig Island. The p.s. Natone was the only river steamer which made an excursion down the Tamar. She left the wharf at 2 p.m. with about 300 passengers for Rosevear's, and returned to town shortly before 7 p.m., no accidents having happened to mar the afternoon's outing. The St. Joseph's Band accom- panied the steamer and played some excellent music during the trip. In the evening the St. Joseph's Band, under tlhe direction of Mr. G. Harrison, gave a promenade concert in the Invalid Depot Grounds. The night proved to be a fine one, and crowds of people assembled to listen to the selections, which were most pleasingly rendered. The performance was given for a charitable purpose, namely, to assist the funds of the Laun- ceston Benevolent Society, and as the collection at the gates amounted to upwards of £15, the concert may be con- sidered a financial success. The programme which was gone through appeared in our yesterday's issue. THE T.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING . — Owners are reminded tlhat the nominations for the T.R.C. autumn meeting, which is to take place on the 25th instant, close on Tues- day next. The following are the events : —Maiden Plate of 30 sovs., one mile and a quarter. Autumn Handicap of 70 sovs., second to receive 10 sovs. from the stake, one mile and a quarter. Hurdle Handi- cap of 50 sovs., second to receive 10 sovs. from the stake, one mile and a quarter. Flying Handicap of 30 sovs., three quar- ters of a mile. In addition there is a con- solation stake of 20 sovs., one mile, for all losing horses at the meet. The pro- gramme, so far as the conditions are con- cerned, is one of the most liberal ever issued in Tasmania, as no acceptances are charged; excepting for the Hurdle and Autumn Handicaps, and nomination fees are reasonable, as the sum of one sovereign only is charged for each race. Nomina- tions will be received by either the secre- tary of the T.R.C. or T.T.C. up to four o'clock of the day named. A BOLT.— Yesterday afternoon some ex- citement was caused in the neighbourhood of Wellington-street by the bolting of a horse attached to a chaise cart from the All-the-Year-Round public-house. The horse belonged to Mr. Charles Barret, and the driver, a young lad, was pitched out, but fortunately sustained no injuries. At Bathurst-street the animal was stopped in its headlong career without any danger accru- ing. The bolt was purely accidental, and no blame is attributable to the owner of the horse or to the driver. RECEIVED.—The Australasian Sketcher for April 8 is to hand from the local agents, Messrs. Walch Bros. and Birchall, and is a very good number. Amongst the views are sketches of the old lHobson's Bay convict hulks now being broken up, the township of Roeburn, W.A., and the bank where Messrs. Anketell and Burrup were recently murdered, the Australian contingent on board the Australasian, and a good typical sketch of the artillery, militia, and naval brigade forces of Victoria. There are also views of the Werrabee viaduct, scenes in New Zealand and Sydney, the new Queens- land gunboat Palumah, and the usual letterpress matter. With this number are two supplements, one coloured, entitled "Camping Out," in which a group of happy children are depicted imitating the hardships and discomforts of camping in the bush. The second supplement illus- trates a bush fire, in which all available hands are assisting a selector to keep down the flames, and in the midst of the men's labours the farmer's wife is bringing a billy of tea for their refreshment. RELIGIOUS.— In the Launceston Taber- nacle to-morrow the Rev. J.S. Harrison will preach both morning and evening. Special collections will be made in aid of the incidental fund. In the Wesleyan Church, Patterson- street, the Rev. H. Baker will preach in the morning, and the Rev. H. Saloway in the evening. In the Margaret-street Church the Rev. H. Salo- way will preach in the morning, and the Rev. Evans in the evening. In the Christian Mission Church, Wellington street, Pastor Hiddlestone preaches to- morrow, both morning and evening. THE RANDWICK AUTUMN MEETING. Notwsithstanding the presence of so many Victorian horses, says a telegram in Thurs- day's Argus, and numerous visitors, specu- lation on the forthcoming meeting is not very brisk. Moonshee's victories at Hawkesbury had the effect of placing him at the head of the list for the Sydney Cup. Mr. Robertson gave 900 guineas for him ; but many people believe Coriolanus will beat him in the race. Coronet was scratched for all engagements, because it was found he had not recovered from the accident he received in the Australian Cup. Mr. James Wilson, sen., informs me that Off Colour has been slightly lame, but it is nothing serious. Most of the Victorian horses are doing well, and none is progress- ing more rapidly than Reginald, who did a splendid gallop yesterday. Commotion, who has been clipped, has done well since he arrived, and among the Sydney two-yr- olds, Cardigan, Algerian, and Uralla are going as well as anything. Magnifier, too, seems to be improving. Silver King, David, and Reginald strike me as best of the three year-olds, and as all hail from Victoria, some of the good things should cross the border. I saw Bargo have a gallop with Tremando, and as the latter appeared to have the best of it, Bargo can hardly be himself. I shall not be surprised to see Conjecture come in with a rattle. There has been a split in the Robertson camp, and Coronet, Moonshee, and Anchorite are now in Mr. J. D. Robcrtson's care. The stud of the late hon. E. K. Cox was disposed of on Wednesday last. The highest priced yearling was the Miss Pilsford filly, who brought 410 guineas, and was purchased by Mr. Cruickshank. The next highest was the filly out of Creswick's dam, purchascd by Mr. Barnes for 300 guineas. The highest priced blood mare was Lady Chester, dam of Chester, purchased by hon. J. White for 750gs. Mr. Town purchased Atholine and Peril for 710, and 700 guineas respectively. First Lady, dam of Grand Flaneur, was bought by Mr. Donkin for 550 guineas. The stallion Vespasian was knocked down to the same buyer for 155 guineas, and Blink Boy to Mr. Beddington for 110 guineas. A reserve of 1500 guineas was plased on Darebin, and there being no advance, he was not sold, but subsequently Mr. Kent; of Queensland, took him at 1500 guineas. THE BAD AND WORTHLESS are never imitated or counterfeited. This is espe- cially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof tlhat the remedy imitated is of the highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable family medicine on earth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal the notices in which the Press and the people of the country had expressed the merits of H. B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H.B. Many others started nostrums put up in similar style to H. B., with variously devised names in whlich the word "Hop" or "Hops" were used in a way to reduce people to believe they were the same as Hop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the word "Hop" or "Hops" in their name or in any way connected withlthem or their name, are imitations or counterfeits. Berware of them. 'Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, with a cluster of green Hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and chemists are warned against dealing in imitations or counterfeits. VISITORS' SOUVENIRS.— Under this title Mr. S. Spurling. photographer, of Bris- bane-street, is issuing a series of neat and cheap portfolios, such containing twelve mounted landscape views, 8 inches by 10 inches, of scenery in Northern Tas- mania. A selection may be made out of an extensive stock, amongst the views being various of the town, wharf, public bulildings, etc., and scenes at Corra Linn, First Basin, Cataract, Punch Bowl, Clarke's Ford; and other popular resorts of visitors. The idea is a very good one, and these "visitors' souvenirs" should prove very popular amongst residents of the colony as well as our visitors. PENGUIN PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY.-A correspondent writes: \- The above was celebrated on 20th ult. Sermons were preached by the Revs. G.H. Cole and W. Harris to large and ap- preciative congregations. On the follow- ing Tuesday the public tea was well patron- ised by crowds of people,who were anxious, not only to do justice to the good things under which the tables groaned, but also to show the high esteem in which they held their ministers, wlho had worked so hard and successfully. The ladies of Penguin are noted for getting up tea meetings, and on this occasion they were kept busy for four hours, until they had succeeded in supplying the wants of about two hundred and fifty people. Shortly after seven o'clock, preparations were made for the after meeting. The station steward oc- cupied the chair, and on rising to address the meeting was interrupted by Mr. F. Ockerby, one of the influential laymen of the church, begging permission to make a few remarks. After speaking of the high esteem in which Mr. Harris was held by the people as a brother, minister, and friend, Mr. Ockerby handed him on behalf of the people a very practical testimonial, viz., a cheque for £17 10s. Mr. Harris feelingly acknowledged the gift, and as he resumed his seat, Miss Hawkins rose from one of the seats in the choir and presented Mrs. Harris on behalf of the ladies of the church with a very handsome silver tea and coffee service. Mr. Harris tlanked the ladies, and said it would ever be looked upon and cherished as an heirloom. The chairman was then permitted to proceced. The Revs. G.H. Cole, Chapman, and Harris delivered addresses, the latter re- viewing the history of the church for the past four years. He reminded them that he was not doing it in a spirit of self glorifica- tion, but that they might take courage. He plainly showed by figures and facts that considerable progress had been made in every department of the church work. He spoke of the kindness that had been shown to Mrs. Harris, the family, and himself, and was sure they would ever have a fresh place in their memories. After the usual votes of thanks the benediction brought to a close what is talked of, as one of the most successful anniversaries ever held at Penguin. Proceeds about £20. Another correspondent adds that the Rev. Mr. Harris is removing to another district. THE AUSTRALIAN CONTINGENT.-A late item of news from Sydney states that it is believed that Colonel Christie resigned his command in the N.S. Wales contingent on account of ill-health, as he had been in an indifferent state of health for some time before he left Sydney. Recruiting is being actively proceeded with in Sydney; and for the purpose of reinforcing that contingent if such becomes necessary, infantry volun- teers will be accepted from those taking part in the Easter encampment. THE MANITOBA REBELLION.-Our tele- grams recently mentioned that the half- breeds under Louis Riel, sho are in rebel- lion in the north-west territory of Canada, had captured Battleford. This township, we learn, is situated 600 miles by road west of Winnipeg city, between the Battle River and the north branch of the Saskat- chewan. Although Battleford occupies a comparatively important position as the seat of Government, the number of the mounted police stationed there is not much greater than at Fort Saskatchewan, which was captured by the rebels a few days ago, after a stubborn resistance. The total strength of this branch of the police force, which is chiefly employed in keeping whisky out of the country and away from the Indians, and preserving peace between the tribes, is less than 400. Fort Walsh, the head- quarters, takes 150; Fort M'Leod has 125, and the remainder is distributed amongst eight other forts, according to their importance. In the absence of mili- tary assistance, these isolated groups of men are powerless to resist prolonged attacks by hundreds of rebels, and the Canadian Govornment has therefore des- patched a force of 5000 men to put down the rebellion. INTERCOLONIAL ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, ETc.-Some Glebe butchers have been con- victed in Sydney of using a pair of unjust scales-the unjustness being caused by keeping a piece of fat stuck underneath the scale.- A man named John Sampson met with a terrible accident while blasting a rock near Mount Lofty, South Australia. The charge being fired, he was ordered to redrill the hole. It exploded, severely in- juring him in the abdomen and legs.-The Melbourne World states a case in the Police Court, in which Mrs. Solomon, a very self- possessed female, objected to pay for a dress made for her by a respectable looking dressmaker, Mrs. Edwards, caused great amusement in Court, as a dispute arose as to the fit, the result being that Mrs. Solomon's elegant figure had to go into the Magistrates' room, and get inside the article in dispute. When the model came out she looked like Greville in the pantomime. The Bench thought the dress fittedwell,and gave Mrs.Edwards her money. -A lad named Sydney Ward, about 14 years of age, was killed by lightning on 23rd inst., while standing under a tree in M'Kenzie's bush, near Penrith, N.S. Wales. The tree was shattered into splinters.— At Drayton (Queensland), a little boy named Frank Clarks, aged eight years, was digging out grass with a three pronged fork, and his little sister, Florence Francis, was picking up the grass as her brother dug it out. While in the act of driving the fork into the ground his sister suddenly stooped down, and the fork entered the top of her head, penetrating the Irain, and causing instant death. AISTRALIAN TIMBERS. — " Anglo-Aus- tralian," in the Euroean Mail of Feb. 20, writes:--Some little time since Mr. P. L. Simmonds read a very exhaustive paper before the Society of Arts on the subject of our timber siupplies. Great Britain now imports wood and barks, vegetable ivory and the like, to the value of over £30,000,000 per annum, and I am pleased to say that, in dwelling on the various sources of supply for England, Australia was not by any means over- looked. Ample justice was done to the forests of Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and even Tasmania, and I am gratified to be able to report that the fact adduced by Mr. Simmonds as to the ster- ling merchantable value of many native Australian woods for the timber markets of this country has not been overlooked by dealers, some of whom have for the first time land their business notice directed to what is an inexhaustible source of future supply. PRESENTATION TO BISHOP REVILLE.— Before leaving for their respective dis- tricts, subsequently to the consecration of the coadjutor-bishop of Sandhurst on Sunday last (says the Argus), the Roman Catholic clergy of the diocese of Sandhurst presented their newly-consecrated coad- jutor-bishop with an address, and a gold chalice valued at £200. T'he presentation took place in the palace at Sandhurst, and was made by Dean Tierney, of Beechworth, the senior priest of the diocese. In acknowledging the gift, Bishop Reville thanked the clergy for their warm con- gratulations, and said he considered him- self fortunate in being associated with a body of men wlose zeal and exemplary lives merited the highest commendation. MIXED LEIGSLATION.— The union of Ger- many will never be complete until the whole of the Empire becomes subject to one code of laws (says the Daily News). It is almost impossible to say how many codes are now in force in various parts of the country; but in Bavaria alone there are no less than seven different jurisdic- tions. Of the 3,515,000 inhabitants of the kingdom,about 2,100,000 are sublject to the Bavariau Code; ;641,000 to the Code Na- poleon, which is the law of the Palatinate; 450,000 to the Code of the Bishopric of Wurzburg; 321,000 to the Code of the Principality of Bayreuth; 2,600 to the Austrian Code, which is in force at Red- witz; 200 to the Solms statutes, and 100 to the Code of Coburg. LAUNCESTON POLICE COURT.-There was a blank charge sheet at the Police Court yesterday. CARDINAL McCABE'S LAST PASTORAL.— From the Argus we learn that copies of the last Lenten Pastoral of the late Car- dinal M'Cabe (Archbishop of Dublin) have been received in Melbourne by the last mail. The document was only penned a few days before the Cardinal's death, and referring to the dynamite outrages his Eminence remarks -" We are convinced that we speak the sentiments of the clergy and laity of the diocese when we express our indignant repudiation of the hideous attempts made for the destruction of pro- perty and innocent lives by the foul dynamite conspiracy which has in latter times startled the world by its wickedness. It is said that the object aimed at by the wicked conspiracy is to achieve the inde- pendence of Ireland, and to ayenge the wrongs inflicted on our unhappy country in former times. God knows that the re- cord of those wrongs forms the blackest page of European history. But surely savage vengeance is not calculated to win God or the world to our side. Indeed, our poor afflicted country has no more deadly foes than the wretched men who give either support or countenance to schemes so detestable. Deeply as we all love Ireland, would we not gladly consent to a continuation of her greatest sorrows rather than see her redemption worked out by agencies which God and His Church must anathematise, and which every honest and generous man must repudiate. Whoever they may be who have lent themselves to the execution of these works of iniquity, of one thing we may be quite certain, they did not descend to the depths of depravity by one single bound. We may rest satisfied that the training of the secret society formed them slowly but steadily for the perpetra- tion of crimes from which, in better days, their souls would have recoiled in horror. Therefore, very reverend fathers, warn the youth under your charge to fly, as from the face of a serpent, the emissaries of those secret societies which the Church has always so earnestly condemned, and, as an essential precaution against danger, implore of them to avoid drunkenness, which may prepare the way for the foulest crimes. A MONSTER CANNON.-At Woolwich Arsenal preparations have been for a long time going on for the proof trials of an enormous gun in process of construction at Elswick. It will weigh 110 tons, and have a carriage of 90 tons, tie total weight of 200 tons being considerably in excess of previous undertakings. The gun will be a breechloader, and have a bore of 16 in. Its length will be 43ft. 8in., but its ex- treme diameter at the breech will be only 5ft, 6in., and it will have a very elongated chase or barrel tapering down to 28in. with a slight swelling at the muzzle. The carriage will run on the ordinary railway gauge, but the line leading to the proof butts will have to be partly relaid, and the bridge over the canal will probably be strengthened. After the gun has been proved at Woolwich it will be taken to Shoeburyness for the purpose of trying its range and accuracy. Three guns of this description are to be made, and they are intended for the Royal Navy. A SMART PULICAN.-In the City Police Court, Melbourne, on Monday last, was heard a peculiar case, in which John D. Fitzgerald, hotel broker, of Bourke-street East, was charged on warrant with ob- taining a cheque for £280 from Charles Thomas Newton, late of tile Deniliquin Hotel, Bourke-street East. It appears that defendant induced plaintiff to join partnership in running an hotel previously kept by defendant, and producing books which showed that during the previous year the business had shown a clear profit of £900. Fitzgerald further stated that the partners could easily clear £700 apiece, and plaintiff agreed to give £280 for half the business. However, the first four weeks of the partnership showed a profit of £6 only, and the book showing such glowing promises of business was not forthcoming, hence the action. After hearing evidence, however, the Bench dis- missed the case, the Chairman remarking that Newton could proceed by other means if necessary. A CHINESE BRIDE. - The Mount Alex- ander Mail (Victoria) states that a Chinese bride that arrived by the after- noon train on 20th instant from Melbourne, dressed in bright colours, and a hat pro- fusely decorated with flowers, was the cause of a sensation to her countrymen. Eight of them had formed themselves into a deputation to welcome the fair lady from the flowery land to the fragrant Chinese Camp at Campbell's Creek, where her spouse, Hing Shunck, a storekeeper and publican, intends to make her the happiest of women. With a parasol she hid her blushies at the station, and when in the cab she had the blinds drawn down to cut off the gaze of the inquisitive, prying bar- barian. She may be the forerunner of many of her sex who will do well in making an exchange of their country for Victoria. THE SITUATION IN TIIE SOUDAN.-Eng- lish mail news to 28th February, to hand by R.M.S. Khedive, states that the whole situation in the Soudan has been revolu- tionised by the news, received in London on the evening of the 18th February, that owing to reinforcements of 5000 men sent by the Mahdi to Mtemneh, General Buller, finding his position at Gubat seriously menaced, had withdrawn his whole force from Abuklea, which he had safely reached, for Gakdul Wells. General Buller's movements from Gubat were un- molested, as they were not perceived by the enemy until several hours after a start had been made, but even then no attack was made. The Mahdi was reported to be marching from Khartoum to Metemneh, with between 40,000 and 60,000 men and five guns. He had already arrived half way, and one of his emirs was advancing from Helfrijeh with a strong force and four guns. A hostile tribe, the Hassan- yich, threatened to descend upon the wells between Gakdul and the rebel garrison at Metemneh. Brackenbury's column will probably be recalled, and the whole of the English forces concentrated at Korti or Merawi. Tihe details of the fall of Khar- toum state that the Mahdi's troops entered it early on the morning of the 26th January. Farej Pasha opened two of the gates on the south wall fortifications. Gordon, hearing the tumult, left his palace armed with a sword and axe, and, accom- panied with twenty cuirassiers, they met a body of rebels, who at once fired aIvolley, killing Gordon on the spot. The Mahdi hanged Farej Pasha shortly after entering the place. POPULATION OF MELBOURNE.- Mr. H. H. Hayter, the Victorian Government Statist, has issued his report on the vital statistics of Melbourne and suburbs for 1884\. According to the tabulated state- ment which accompanies the report, the stimated population of Melbourne and suburbs about the end of the third quarter of 1884 was 322,690. The increase upon the estimate made twelve months pre- viously was 18,281. The births in 1884 numbered 10,911, or 38.81 to every 1000 of the population. This rate is higher than that recorded in any year since 1873, excepting in 1878. Mr. Hayter states that while the birth rate of Melbourne is slightly higher than that of Hobart, it is lower than that of any other metropolis in Australia. The death rate was 20.53 per 1000, whlich is slightly above the average of the decade from 1871 to 1880. Com- pared with 1883, there was an increase in deaths from all classes of disease in 1884, excepting in the case of deaths from violence. HERR KRUFF'S ESTABLISHMENT.-Some interesting figures with regard to the growth of the establishment belonging to Herr Krupp at Essen (Germany) have just been published. In 1860 the Essen foundry had only 1764 workmen, bu tthat number had risen to 7084 ten years later, and it is now upwards of 20,000. Counting the women and children, Herr Krupp's estab- lishment gives employment to 65,381 persons, of whom 20,000 live in houses be- longing to their employer. The foundry is divided into eight sections, and there are 11 blast furnaces, 1542 other furnaces, 439 steam boilers, 82 steam hammers, and 450 steam engines, represenuting 185,000 horse- power. At Essen alone, to say nothing of the branch establishments , there are nerly 40 miles of rails, 28 locomotives, 683 trucks; 69 horses, 191 wagons, 40 miles of telegraph wires, 35 telegraph stations, and 55 Morse instruments. N.S. WALESS DEFENCE FORcEs.-Ic on sequence of the withdrawal of men. ree the Plermahcnt Force of New South W}ya for tihe Soudan Contingent, tile ranks wer reduhcd to a very low ebb. Originally,th ctrength of the force was 320, but 211 volunteered for the war, and this left it at 109. This large reduction ueces. sitated recourse to enlistment, a5n this hlas proved so sucessful that tlie strength of the force at the comenccmement of the week, was 250. A large nuiulberof the recruits belonged to Sy,'ney, but otheen camen from various parts of thoe colong; an several of the new hands have been coa nected with the Imperial forces. Rlecruit, ing lis also been proceeded with for the torpedo corps, and that branch of the service lues its full complement of men, For the infantry, recruiting has been sus. pended until after the enoampment, as the staff are at present too busy with other swork to engage in it.. From the 8. y Herald we learn that after having sent 750 bayonets to the Soudan, New South W}lae possesses a foece of about 2750 menn. These fare comprised in the Infantry Rtegiinets, Torpedo Corps, Engineers, Artillery, Naval erigade, Naval Artillery, Permanent Artillery, and the Sydney Light H]orse As recruiting is to be resumed after the encampment, the force is likely to be increased. RusesAN CRuisERs iN 'tIe PAcirIC.". The Melbourne Daily Telegraph on Tues; day last states no confirmnation ad beesn received of the remlour that ri Rusainah fleet was on its way to' t the Pacific, or that Russian cruiseors were off the Australian coast. Mr. Jas. Danyon, the Russi?n Consul at Melbourne, states that he has no knowledge of the existence of any such vessels, and lie expresses the opinion that there is no foundationi whatever for the statement. Had Russia any such inten tion, he is perfectly satisfied that he would have been in some way acquainted with tie matter, and lhe expresses himself surprised that the rumour should have got abroad, as he considers it would be the very last thing that Russia would do in the event of hobl tilitics taking plhe. Mr. Damyon I st not, he declares, been communicated witth at all by the Russian Goveanment in view of the possibilities of war, and he is firmly con. vinced that the difference between the two nations will be ultimately settled in a peaceable and satisfactory manner. In the event, however, of war taking place, Mr. Damyon, who is an Englishman, will temporarily relinquish his position, and remain neutral during the progress of events. A PUBLIC MEETING will be held in tihe Public Library, WVestbury, on Friday next, at 7"30 p.m., to consider the formation of a Rifle Club. THIE work of the Church Grammar School will be. resumed on Thursday next. THE eleventh annual show of the Devon Agricultural Society will be held on 28th inst., in the Society's Yards, River Forth. Entries close on 25th inst. A PRELIaINARY i EETINO will be hield at Kean's Hotel, Campbell Town, this even ing, to consider the advisableness of form. ing a loctl rifle club, Tnee annual meeting of landowners in the North Esk Road Trust will be held this morning, in the Public School-roomn, White Hills. A WIBE DEACON.-"DeaCon Wilder, I want you to tell me how you kept yourself and family so well the past season, when all the rest of us have been sick so much, and havd had the doctors running to us so often." "Brother Taylor, the answer is very easy. I used Hop Bitters in time, and kept my family.well, and saved large doctor's bills. Four shillings' worth of it kept us all well and able to work all the time, and I will warrant it has cost you and moat of the neighbours ..10 to £100 apiece to keep sick the same time. I fancy you'll take my medicine hereafter." Seo I .flo owArY's PILLS.-No Mystery. Whenever the blood is impure or the general health is impaired, tle luman body is predisposed to attacks of any pre vailing epidemic. The first indications faulty action, the first sensations of de ranged or diminished power, should be rectified by these purifying Pills,which will cleanse all corrupt and reduce all erring functions to order. These Pills counteract the subtle poisons in decaying animal or vegetable matter, and remove all tendency to bowel complaints, biliousness, and ahost of annoying symptoms arising from foul stomachs. The fruit season is especially prone to produce irritation of the bowels and disorders of the digestive organs; both of which dangerous conditions can be com pletely removed by Holloway's corrective medicines.-(Advt.) THE MERCANTILE AssOCIATION FOR PROTECTION OF TRADE issues a weekly cir cular, showing Bills of Sale registered, Supreme Court and Court of IRequest Judgments, Bankruptcy Intelligence, and other valuable information. Subscription, 7s 6d per quarter, or £1 Is per annum in advance (per post, 4i 4d per annum extra), Subscribers' names received by S. FInLD. Examiner offlce, Launceston.-(Advt.) THE ORIGIN OF WORDS Is not only a pleas ing but a most important and instructive study. The ramifications of certain roots are often very singular and striking. Thus the word cordial, medicinally used, according to the lexicographers, means "tthat which cheers, or invigorates, in creases strength, raises the spirits, and gives life and cheerfulness to a person,wh?en weak and depressed." It springs from the Latin " core," the heart, because anything that comforts, gladdens, and exhilarates, like Udolpiho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, must be grateful to the heart, and "a cordial to the soul." 