ETROSPECTOF THE TEAR. Hluto the sepulchre of the ages 1884 has leaving only fast fading footprints 6n Ke changing sands of tine. Another Hnual grain of sand has been added to the Maintain heap of eternity ; the New Year, H- th its burden of hopes and fears, of pro H)ective joys and sorrow, has cotfte to us Kke the goddess of flowers, crowned with 111 the season's pride. Into the dust of the lias beens," into the connon grave of its Bountless predecessors, the old year has Bniseed, to revisit us nevermore. The world Bus hastened to speed the parting guest, and K'j open wide the door of its rejoicing for the l.e'.v comer. The old has been rung out Bu i its dreary record of misfortunes, the Bew has been rung in like a glad young Brid \ smiling with piospective happiness Bud delight. The obituary of the dead year |i-i5 u> be written by many a pen, and how llifi' rent are the views that will be taken of fthar wh ch is gone ! Over the greater part of the globe the Bear 1SS4 opened auspiciously. Though it Bould not be said that a universal peace had Bpread its wings from shore to shore, the Breaks in the general quiescence were not of Buch grave moment as to endanger for an Instant " the peace of Europe." The Kuropean Powers, though stirred at limes over some diplomatic movements mm the political chess-hoard, as in the case of Trance's action as regards New Caledonia, nod Germany's as touching New Guinea, Bave been at peace with each other through- lout the year. In fact, throughout the Ivor Id, if it were not for Gallic aggressiveness Kn Madagascar and Tonquiu, there would Bave been universal quiescence, save in that Lest of chronic disquiet, the Soudan. But the Hand of " black ivory," iu common with |Mad igascar and Tonquin, prevents ns from realising so blissful a state. Hostilities in the Soudan have been prolonged be- iyond all expectation, the loss of life has been very great, and the end of the struggle is still uncertain. By his defence iof Khartoum, by the indomitable courage with which he has faced every difficulty and every danger, General Gordon has un- Idoubtedly rendered himself the hero of the K world for 1SS4. But heroism is not omnipotent, and cannot achieve the impos- Isible. The Mahdi has been master of the situation for nine months, and Gordon has been compelled to ask for aid. The expedi tion under the command of Lord Wolseley is I advancing to the relief cf Khartoum, and the rescue of its heroic defender. The volume of the world's history for the past year will Iconta:-; ir»any other tales of heroism, but, alas, in addition, many chapters of disaster i by land and sea of calamitous earthquakes. Sand scourging plagues, but also many more in whici peace, progress, and prosperity, together with important social, political, I scientific, and national events will have to be chro.iioled, the mere enumeration of | which wouid ie more than any newspaper could c itin. This colony, too, will re- quire a chapter of her own, and as the Iruiisae-.iors and events which took place I amongst ourselves last year- -must be of a I more immediate interest to our readers, we - : proceed to review them briefly as they oc- ! curred month by month. JANUARY. Parliament being in recess, politics had ceased to be an absorbing topic of interest. The public mind was chiefly occupied with sports, and the customary festivities incident u: on the opening of the year. The fourth a a s : r v x , n iideven began their campaign on ?. cw Year's Day, on the Melbonrne cricket ground against a combined In tercolonial Eieven, and after a three days' match the game was drawn, greatly in favour of the former. The first -Inter-- I colonial Draughts Match, Victoria v. New ; South Wales, played on New Year's Day I by telegraph, resulted in a win for the latter by three games to two. At the V.R.G. New Year's Day Meeting the Hurdle Race was won by Sparke, the Bagot Plate by Archie, the Normanby Stakes by The I Broker, the Standish Plate by Chuck6ter, 1 the Midsummer Handicap by Magnet, and I the Criterion Stakes by Reginald. The I first anniversary of the Salvation I A> my iu Victoria was celebrated in the Exhibition-building on the same day. Ou 2ud January, four men were precipi- I tated to ibe bottom of the Union mine, at Mount Greenock, through the drum of the | winding machinery becoming loose. One of the men lost his life, and the three others | were seriously injured. Disastrous bush- fires occurred in the Sandhurst, Rochester, fandBenalla districts at this time, which did much damage. The Council of Defence met for the first time on 4th January ; and on 9th January the first step towards the disband ment of the old volunteer force was taken, when his Excellency the Governor-in- ! Council disbanded several of the town and : country corps. On the same day a public banquet was given in the Town-hall, by the Mayor of Melbourne, to the Earl of Rosebery and Sir William Des Voeux, Governor of Fiji. On the 10th, his Excellency the Marquis of. Nor manby held a University visitation, and settled the long- continued dispute which had been maintained between the council and the senate, relative to the examinations ; under the new regulations, and on the 12th, I the \ ictorian Club held their annual race i meeting at Flemington, the Victorian Glub f Cup being won by the Hon. W. Pearson's I Fryingpan. On the 16th, the Cabinet fixed I definitely on the names of the com- , missionors who were to administer the I Public Service Act, these being Messrs. ; Templetoa, Irving, and Cctoehman ; and as a i Railway Board, Messrs. Speight, Agg, and i?017 ii ie 18th, the resignation of Irs Excellency the Governor was announced. (Jn the 29th the horrible Prahran murder by Charles Rice. Daring j all this month destructive bush-fires con- V.ned to rage through many of the country i ois„ncts. The 21st saw the opening of the I 1 eiuj Stance Mission of Messrs. I Boom and Glover, and on the 22nd it was announced that G e L4.000,000 4 per cent. I il l f! k'h'?a successfully floated E "a'r> . : iiC san"'e day witnessed the I Pctta.vc! murder, the perpetrator df WhicA le yet unknown j and «n the 2&th; Mr. J. G. Francis, M L.A., who had been long a foremost politi l Sjussed away. YistrAY. T v of the railways of the coltifom transferred from the control of the old- established political head to the new board of management. Hie new regulations for the Victorian military forces were assented to rathe Executive Counoii on the 7th and on the following day, at Sydney, the thirty, second Intercolonial cricket match, between victoria and New South Wales was com menced, which terminated in favour of the tfcer01 )ony by 202 runs. On the _21st it was formally announced by I th.e Under-Secretary of Statefor the Colonies that the Imperial Cabinet had come to the conclusion not to sanction annexation in the Western Pacific without a federation of the colonies. On the 22nd the death of Sir Charles Sladen, who had been associated with many of the most prominent events m our political history, and that of Mr. Thomas Bolam, Inspector-General of Schools, took place. march. The 1st of this month saw the opening of the V R.C. Autumn Meeting. The Ascot- vale Stakes were won by Bargo, the St.Leger Stakes by Martini- Henry, the Newmarket Handicap by Malua, and the Australian Cup by Morpeth, On the 11th the majority of the Australian Eleven left Melbourna for England, and on the l7th the Intercolonia l Exhibition of Wine, Grain, and Fruits was formally opened by the Governor. Miss Genevieve Ward, the celebrated English tragedienne , commenced a season at the Princess Theatre, and on the 22nd the atrocious South Brighton murder was com mitted by William Hawthorn. The instal lation of the Professor of Theology in con nection with - the Divinity -hall of the Presbyterian Church took place on the 24th. On the 26th Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., was formally installed Grand Master of the three constitutions of Free and Accepted Masons with great pomp. Mr. John Macgregor, well-known in political circles as member for Rodney from 1862 to 1874, and Minister of 'Mines in the M'Culloeli Government in 1866-7, died upon the 27th, and on the same day the intelli- fence of the lamented decease of H.R.H. 'rince Leopold created a wide-spread regret throughout the colony. april. On the 1st of April, the Primate of Aus tralia, Bishop Barry, of Sydney, arrived in Melbourne, en route to his see from Eng land. On the 2nd it was formally announced that Sir Henry Brougham Loch, Governor of the Isle of Man, had been selected by the Imperial Government to fill the position vacated by the Marquis of Normanby. On the same day also official notice was given that the Scots Church Bill would be intro duced. into Parliament, and on the evening of that, day, two very ferious railway acci dents occurred, the one on the Geelong rail way at Little River station, whereby two persons were killed and upwards of fifteen injured, he other at Sunbury, through the bursting of a boiler of a goods traiu engine, by which the fireman was killed on the spot. The 6th of this month was ob served as a day of public mourning for Prince Leopold, and on the same day the County Court Bench lost one of its chief ornaments in the person of Jndge Macfarland, On the 8th Mr. James Camp bell and Mr. N. Thornley, M.L.CL's, joined the Service Cabinet, the former in the capacity of Postmaster-General, the latter holding a portfolio without office, and on Al J X- V- A 1 1 AJ uue eaine uay a veraic c ci mansiaugnuer was returned at the inquest against Station- master Biddle, -of Werribee, for causing the Little River railway accident through negligence. Addresses of farewell were presented to the Governor on the 9th. On the 14th the R.M.S. Rome arrived in the colony, having small-pox on board, thereby introducing that disease into the colony. The 15th witnessed the arrival In Melbourne of Tawhiao, the Maori King, en route for. England-; the 18th the departure of his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby from the colony. On the 20th Mr. T. J. Sumner died, and ou the 22ud the sittings of the: Intercolonial Trades Union Congress were opened, at which a numbar of interest ing commercial and social topics were dis- cussed. At the meeting of the Executive Council held on the 24th, Mr. J. J. Casey was sworn in as the County Court judge in the place of the late Judge Macfarland. may. On 1st May a very serious fire occurred at the Telephone Exchange, which wrought no little damage. On the 3rd intelligence reached Melbourne that the Oriental Bank Corporation had stopped payment, conse quent upon severe losses in their Indian trade. On the 8th May at a pro re nata meeting of the General Assembly a special commission was appoiuted to deal with the proposed secession of the Sects' Church con gregation. On the 15th Mr. Thomas Spurgeon, son of Pastor O. H. Spurgeon, who was passing through Melbourne en route for Europe, was accorded a hearty reception, and the 16th witnessed the inauguration of the Kalizoic Society. On the 20fch, after careful consideration of the case, the Mel bourne Presbytery determined to remit the application of the Rev. ObarTbs Strong for a certificate to the General Assembly. On the 23rd a testimonial was presented the Rev. Dr. Bromby by many of bis old pupils and admirers. Th® 26th saw a slight ran made on the London Chartered Bank, in consequence of certain rumours which had been circulated prejudicial to its interest.4 ' Ministers, during the latter part of the month, were engaged with the Gee- long water supply, and wherever . they went throughout the district they were cordially received. At this time, also, the subject of the unemployed was attracting marked attention, owing to the representa tions of certain operatives that they were literally starving. june, On the 2nd of the month the Melbourne University Union was formally opened, and on the 3rd the Scots' Church congregation held a meeting in approval of the Secession j Bill, and on the 5th a deputation from the 1 General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church waited on the Premier, to lay before him toeir vie w " of the ScoteV Church Secession Bui. During the early part of the #?th cases of undoubted small-pox m&flU; rested themselves, causing great alarm. Parliament was opened on the 10th by his Excellency Sir William Stawell, acting- Governor. The speech was mainly taken Hp by the consideration of the questions' of federation, annexation, and the transportation of lYcidivistes. The usu'al debate on the address in reply followed, but ' all the remarks of the various speakers were in favour of the action taken by Mr.Seivice, both at the convention and since. Dr. Dob- ; son was Unanimously re-elected Chairman of Coihmittees iu the Upper Chamber, and Dr. Hearn elected leader cf the private mem bers in the same House vice Sir Charles Sladeu, deceased. The debate in the Lower House wasof a more prolonged nature, bnfr the resolutions moved by Mr. Service were carried almost without opposition. On the 25th the gunboats Victoria and Albert, and the torpedo boat Childers, arrived in Hob- son's Bay, and attracted a large number of visitors. july, Parliament was still occupied in the earlier part of this mouth with the Federation Resolutions, but time was found to introduce the Land Bill into the. Assembly. The Education Commission, after two years' Work,' concluded its labours, and presented its report. Bishop Moorbouse was elected chancellor of the University on the 7th July. Sir Henry Brougham Loch, with Lady Loch and family, arrived in the colony on the 15th as successor to the Marquis of Normanby in the Governorship of Victoria. Small -pox continued to be prevalent in the suburban districts of Richmond, Fitzroy, and Carlton. The death occurred during this month of the Rev. W. Henderson, of Ballarat, one of the oldest Presbyterian ministers in tbe colony. On the 22nd his Excellency laid the foundation-stone of the improved dwellings for the working classes, which have been erected chiefly through the exertions of Mr. Coppin, M.L.A., the chairman of the Improved Dwellings and Lodging-house Company. On the 23rd Mr. i Service delivered his budget speech, which was well received) august. The unemployed being made the subject of considerable agitation, a conference took place on the 15th between the Minister of Public Works, Mr. Russell, late treasorer of the Unemployed Bureau, and Mr. Hill, City missionary. On the 16th Hanlan, the champion oarsman of the world, was defeated over the Parramatta course by William Beach. On the 21st James Haw thorn suffered the extreme penalty of tfee law for the murder of his brother William at Brighton, on the 21st March ; and on the 22nd the Victorian Dog and Poultry Show was opened in the western annexe of the Exhibition -building. september. The return ball to the Mayor (Mr. C. Smith, M.L. A.) was given on the 4fh of the month, and about 1,400 ladies and gentle men were present. On the 11th Dr. Beaney was returned for the North Yarra Province, Mr. Thomas Henty for the Southern Province, Mr. H. Cuthbert for the Welling ton .Province, and Mr. T. Bromell for the Nelson Province. The torpedo-boat Childers was run over a rock off Wilson's Point on the 15th, and her propeller was injured. The Coburg railway was opened in the early part of this month. Gnstave Beyer attempted to murder a girl named Irwin at Prahran, and then shot himself. A movement was started for the establish- ment of a retreat for the inebriate poor. The annual session of the Church of England Assembly was held on the 22ud and follow ing days. It was resolved to create a new diocese put of the northern portion of the colony, and that an interpretation clause should be introduced into the Education Act, specifying that secular instruction included general religious teaching of a non- sectarian character. october. At the beginning of the month letters were reported to have passed between the Premiers of New South Wales and Victoria about the circular from Mr. Service, urging on the various Australasian Governments to make another representation to the British Government, through the Agents-General, with a view to securing immediate action on the annexation proposals of the Sydney Convention. The Land Bill was read a third time in the Assembly, and reached the Council on the.7th. The Mining on Private Property Bill came down from the Council to the Assembly on the same day, but during the first part of the month the Council did little beyond taking evidence on the Bill amalgamating the legal profes sions. The revenue returns for the quarter ending 30th September were published on the 1st, in which "a net increase of L138,960 was shown for the quarter, and L4S4,010for toe twelve months. The question of impart ing religious teaching in State-schools was brought before tbe Minister of Education by a large deputation, representing the Bible in State-schools League. Councillor G. D. Carter was elected Mayor of Melbourne, and the choice of the council has met with general approval. A Victorian Corn Trade Association was formed, its objects being to promote uniformity in commercial usuages in the corn trade. At the billiard tournament the championship was carried away by Evans, ot South Australia. Edouard Remenyi, the great Hungarian violinist, made his first appearance at the Town- hall on the 6th, and attracted an immense audience. On the 28th Lady Loch gave her first garden party, at which about 1,800 guests were present. The 100th birthday of Sir Moses Montifiore was cele brated by special services in the Synagogue. W. O'Brien was hanged for the murder of Peter M'Ainsh, at Lancefield. November. The Jubilee Exhibition was opened on the 1st. - The Derby was won by Rufus, and on the 4th the Cup by Mr. J. O. Inglis's Malua. Lady Loch gave her first bail at Government- house on the 5th. His Ex cellency paid an official visit to Geelong on the 34th. The anniversary of the Prince of Wales' birthday was celebrated with holiday- making, and a naval and military review at Brighton. The Presbyterian Assembly held its annual sittings,' ah<$ the annual session of the Baptist Association, also took place!, during this! month. Intelligence was received that the British protectorate over a portion of New Guinea was pro claimed by Commodore Erskine at Port Moresby on toe 6th. The jubilee of the colony was celebrated at Portland- on the 19th. Sir W. H. F. Mitchell, President of the Legislative Qpnncil, died! on the 24th, after a brief illness, caused by .eating poisonous fishu Oh the 29th the Caledonian ( Society's first annual dinner was held. DeoemE£er. On the 5th the Governor, the Duke of Manchester, the Chief Secretary, and otoers | visited the Yarra Flats district. At the meeting of the Church of England Diocesan Assembly, a Bill for toe Establishment of a High School for GLla was read a first and : a second time. The memorial-stone of the new Presbyterian Church, Brunswick, was j laid on thle 8th, and the establishment .of a j Melbourne Rotten Row wets accomplished on the 12 th. On the same day the session of the Victorian Parliament caffie to an end, and both Houses rose. The Victorian branch of the Geographical Society of Australasia opened its sittings on the 16th. and on the 22nd a public welcome was tendered to the Rev. W. C. Lawea, of New Guinea. The cricket match Victoria v. New South Wales, which was commenced on Boxing Day on the Melbourne ground, terminated in favour of Victoria by an innings and 5 runs. 