The Adbertiser MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1886. Some little time ago Mr. Wincey, of Gawler, took considerable pains to obtain an expression of opinion from parents of children attending the State schools in the district in which he resides as to Bible teaching in such schools during school hours. Canvassers were employed, and a very large proportion of the parents con cerned were personally interviewed. Of course we cannot say in what precise shape the question was put to the parents in the interviews. Ex perience in the past, however, has shown that the real state of the case as to the existing law and regula tions is very imperfectly understood, aud that a false issue may without any deliberate intention be very easily raised. It is probable that to the greater number of the parents polled on this occasion the question on which they were asked to rote appeared to them to be whether the Bible should or should not be excluded from the schools, and that few of them realised the fact that provision is made for Bible reading before the hour for secular in struction, wherever it is desired by the school teacher or by the parents of ten ; children. Be that as it may, however, a petition was signed by a large majority urging the amendment of the Education Act so " as to provide for Bible-reading aod undenominational explanation daring school hours in the Gawler public school, and in those public schools where a majority of the parents shall desire it; attendance thereat not to be compulsory." The petitioners have a right to expect that their request shall be respectfaily considered, ai_d perhaps also that it shall be assumed that they folly understand the actual state of the law on the subject Our apology for hinting a possible doubt on the last point must be the actual mis representation that has taken place in che past, and the evident haziness that exists in the minds of some who are at present taking part in the discussion of the ques tion. A fortnight ago last Wednesday Mr. Basedow, one of the members for the dis trict in which Gawler Is situated, moved in the House of Assembly that the petition above mentioned be taken into considera tion with a view to granting its prayer ; and on Wednesday last, after a fortnight's adjournment, the debate on the motion was resumed, when the Attorney-General (the other member for the same district) made a vigorous speech in support of his colleague's proposal, and other members also debated the matter. The next day the Rev. F. W. Cox wrote a characteris tically clear and forcible protest against the proposed alteration of the law In a letter which appeared in our columns, and on Saturday we published an ably written rejoinder by the Rev. J. W. Owen, of St. Paul's, Adelaide. From all this it Is manifest that we are in danger of having the oft-debated sub ject thrashed out once more in speeches in Parliament and in the columns of the press. If it muat be, it must be; but ao far as may be gathered from what has thug far transpired, nut only is nothing new likely to be j contributed towards the aolotion of the difficulty that all feel to exist, but the old misconceptions are once mure to be industriously trotted out, and advantage is to be taken of the prejudices or convic tions of the people by a superficial and imperfect statement of the case. Mow else can we interpret Mr. Baae dow'a speech, the whole tenor of which was that it was the duty of the State to teach religion I or Mr. Downer's expression that " they should follow out the principles of constitutional govern ment with regard to the rule of majori ties /" and his appeal to abide by the notionstieriveti from the nursery "rather than accept the fads of people who derive their views from maturer manhood V' — not to mention the refreshing dogmatism of Mr. Owen, who rebukes Mr. Cox be cause, though he is a Christian minister and teacher, he declines to appeal to the force of temporal governments to assist him in the spiritual work which he has undertaken, and who appears not to have comprehended in the least degree that this is a community in which the question of State interference with religion has been fought out once for all. Well, if the case is to be restated by one side so it must also ba by the other ; aud reluctant as those who do not approve of making the State school the centre of religious controversy may be to tiaverse the familiar ground again and take part in a wearisome contention, they must do so, or run the risk of seeing a. great principle sacrificed by reason of misconception. For we do not believe that, so long as the real issues in this controversy are clearly stated, and the principles involved are distinctly uuder stood, there is any danger that the " pre sent liberty" will be surrendered. Mr. Owen elaborates once more the argument so frequently elaborated before, that be cause a majority of the people ara Christian they have a right to de mand — not that they should have the undisputed liberty to bring their children up in their own faith, but that the State should do it for them, at the expense of course of those members of the community who are not Christians as well as those who are. The same argument that Mr. Owen uses may with equal con clusiveness be advanced in favor of a State church, and indeed of compelling every body to attend it. He says, "AH Mr. Cox's Euggestions proceed on the assump tion that the State stands apart from re ligious considerations—and they stand or fall on the truth of that assumption." But a statement so entirely erroneotfs simply shows that he who makes it does not grasp the question at issue. So far from assum ing " that the State stands apart from re ligious considerations," Mr. Cox main tains that it is the duty of the State to recognise the religious rights and convic tions of the few as well as the many, and not assume the function of conscience keeper and dictator in spiritual things to any. Mr. Downer also falls down and worships that great idol—a majority. " Supposing," he says, " that in Barossa seven-eighths of the parents wished the Bible read, should they not be allowed to have their way rather than submit to a minority?" Well, now, let it be sup posed that in another constituency there is a majority of Roman Catholics, whose well-known principle is not only that religious teaching Bhould be given, but that it should be under the direct control of the church, is Mr. Downer prepared to follow out his own maxim and allow the majority to rule, establishing the Roman Catholic order of things in the schools ? Again, he says, "The difficulty arose from sectarian differences, and he would therefore not be in favor of the proposed undenominational explanation." But the seven-eighths of his Barossa consti tuents demand this same " unde nominational explanation," and we must quote Mr. Downer against Mr. Downer and ask, " Should they not be allowed to have their own way rather than submit to a minority 7" In this case it would seem that they must submit to a minority of one, and that one their own member— the Attorney General! Alas for con sistency, when men begin to sacrifice principles at the behest of majorities! But Mr. Downers dissent from the pro posal that he professes to-support is only one sample of the differences that at once appear among the boasted unanimous majority as soon as they really formulate their demands. Some would have Bible reading without note or comment; others declare that to be useless or worse than useless, and would have explanation and undenominational teaching; others would have each denomination teach its own views in the schools; and some, like Mr. Caldwell, would have, not the Bible, but only selections from the Bible. It has been contended again and again that if the demand for Bible reading or teaching in State schools is granted, the matter cannot rest there, but will be pressed on till ultimately a denominatio*ial system will have to be conceded, or else the steps taken will have to be retraced. Mr. Basedow has, apparently quite un wittingly, confirmed this view in the fol lowing words:—"He thought the peti tioners asked for a very small concession, and it must not be inferred that what they asked for would satisfy them as far as religious instruction was concerned. They weie, however, asking for as much as they thought would be granted to them as long as the present Education Act and the centralised system of education now in vogue was continued " Precisely so. We have said a score of times that the present demand is but the firat step to the surrender of a national and the substitu tion of a denominational system, and Mr. Basedow now says the same thing. If it is good that it should be so, so let it be. But let the electors, the parents, and even *? the mothers "—of whom the Attorney-General so pathetically speaks —know exactly what is to be the outcome of the present demand. The report of the governors of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery for the year ending June SO last was laid before Parliament a day or two ago. The insti tution appears to be ??V'"g, on the whole, fair progress, bat same of its departments have suffered a good deal in consequence of the depression. The full development of the various educational agencies at work under the direction of the board of governors is much hampered by the scarcity of funds. The board once more draw attention to the fact that in all de partments of the institution the want of more accommodation and of larger means ! is severely felt. Of course while the revenue of the colony is in far from a flourishing condition there is no help for this, and the governors recognise that at the present time they cannot fairly ex pect that their requirements will be adequately met. They trust, however, that " before long those in authority may have the power, as the board are sure they have the disposition,'' to supply such funds as are needed to secure the more success ful development of the institution. The sub-reports of the various standing com mittees contain a mass of valuable infor mation. We learn that the Public Library on May 23 last, when the """'^ examina tion was completed, comprised 23,155 volumes, showing an kcrease of 1,102 for the year. The magazines in the library number 2,94L General litera ture is represented by 1,769 volumes, topography and travels by 1,584, and history and chronology by 1,341; but there is a large mass of what to the general public must be an unattractive class of literature. For example, there are 2,785 volumes of patent specifications, 1,707 of State papers, and 1,674 of proceedings and reports of learned societies. The accumulation of volumes of this class seems to be growing, and must be taken into account when the apparently satis factory extension of the library as a whole is considered. During the year the book galleries were visited by 84,101 persons, of whom 7,409 visited the institution on Sunday afternoons, and the board remark that these figures afford " convincing proof of the high appreciation of the library by the public." It is to be regretted that com plaints are still made of the mutilation of booka. Three books were cut and three stolen daring the twelve months. The free access now given to the library shelves is so abused that unless this prac tice can be Btopped the governors are afraid that some fresh limitations [to the liberty at present enjoyed by visitors must be imposed. The Museum is still without a director, nor do the committee recommend any appointment at the present time. Chiefly owing to want of funds, but partly, also, to deficient accommodation, "no very extensive or important addi tions have been made this year to the collection exhibited in the Museum." The e^i?*J"g collection is in good order; but the want of space not only militates against its increase, but, we are assured, also tenders impossible a thoroughly systematic and scientific arrangement -even of those specimens which the Museum now possesses. These are disadvantages which unfortunately are likely to continue for some time to coma. The embarrassed otate of the public finances precludes the possibility of making such a grant to the public Museum as is needed to provide full and suit able accommodation, and this is a fact which the committee themselves regretfully acknowledge. The typical series of minerals in the Museum -is nor completed so far as the materials at the command of the hon. mineralogist, Mr.T. .C. Cloud, will allow. The collection con tains 232 species, but is still incomplete, and Mr. Cloud suggests that a small sum should be annually devoted to the pur chase of unrepresented species. This la the moat practically useful department of the Museum, and deserves to be en couraged. Mr. Tepper, the entomological collector, notes a curious fact with regard to the gradual disappearance of certain form? of bird and insect life in the hills near the city. He states that " insects, especially the rarer, more orna mental, useful and harmless kinds, are decreasing fast, as well as birds, lizards, &c.; This is principally owing to en croachments upon the native forests by bushfires, clearing, &c.; As their food fails the birds starve, and those that sur vive are shot indiscriminately for sport. Unless this process should be checked by replanting and by protecting the birds more rigorously unpleasant results must follow through the inordinate increase of obnoxious insect life, which already begins to make itself felt to a considerable extent." The new Game Bill now before Parliament will certainly have Mr. Tepper'a warm approval. As but little has been done to add to the attrac tions of the Museum, it is perhaps not surprising to find that the average attendance has fallen off considerably. During the year the visitors numbered 78,225, while the average attendance was 218 per diem as compared with an average daily attendance of 368 for the 171 days during which the Museum was open in 1884-5. The committee attribute the decrease to the fact that the Museum ¥"vr lost the charm of novelty ; but doubtless the popularity of the institution is also affected by the comparative failure to add to its attractions. The report of the Fine Arts Committee is in the same key as that of the manage ment of almost every other department of the institution. "The committee much regret that there is no prospect of any amount being placed on the Estimates for 1886-7 for the purchase of pictures; all the more because the Jubilee Exhibition next year will on donbtedly afford such an opportunity for purchasing pictures as may not recur in Adelaide for a long time." The com mittee see plainly enough that the luxuries of the people, even though such luxuries have an educational value, must be the first to suffer when the economising spirit is abroad ; but their feeling is one of sad resignation to the inevitable. The attendance at the Art Gallery during the year was 63,357, showing a falling off of 14,913 as compared with the previous year. The curator, Mr. Tannert, thinks this decrease is " attributable more to the want of fresh objects in the Gallery than to the exodus on account of the circumstances of the colony, although probably in some measure due to both." Two pictures now being exhibited n the South Australian court at the Colinderies were purchased for the colony by the committee during the "fear, and three pictures were presented to the - gallery. Mr. Tannert's report on the School of Painting is very satisfactory.' The number of students has steadily in-. creased from 96 in 1883-4 to 144 at the end of 1885-6, and good progress is being made by the pupils in their studies. The School of Design has, however, suffered severely from the depression. Mr. Gill states that at least 30 of the students have left the colony, and tie fine arts committee observe very naturally that while it may be creditable to South Aus tralia that she has given an art education to artisans of which the neighboring colonies are reaping the advantages, tlmi r departure from this province is never theless much to be regretted. The number of students attending the various classes conducted by Mr. Gill has fallen off from 172 to 134, and the average atten dance has also been unsatisfactory. " The school," observes Mr. Gill, "has hitherto had but few opportunities of actively assisting any manufacture or trade, save by the teaching of the artisans engaged therein. Now, however, I have pleasure in reporting that during the current year, 1886-7, the school will employ a con siderable amount of time upon the deco ration of pottery; and I should Kke to conclude with the assertion that during the year, aided by the esprit of a local factory, we shall do much to encourage colonial pottery." The grant to country institutes is now at the rate of 11s. 9d. per £1 locally raised ; but in spite of the. reduction of Bs. 3d. the number of these institutions has satisfactorily increased. Seventeen institutes were affiliated to the Public Library during the year, and there are now 133 such institutions in the colony. We learn from the secretary to the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition that he has received 125 contributions in <ynnpetition foe the prize of 20 guineas offered by the executive committee for the best ode or national hymn to be sung at the opening of the Rriiibition next year. The poems will be submitted at an early date to the judges who have been appointed to award the prize, viz., his Excellency the Governor, his Honor die Chief Justice, tha Hon. the Minister of Education, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., and Professor Rennie, The com petitors include residents of South Australia, . Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. A telegram published by our contemporary announces that Mr. Win. Beattie, of Port Adelaide, *""? met with a violent ?lea'h at Edinburgh; So far as we hare beea able to gather, no confirmation of this telegram has been received by the friends ot Mr. Beattie. Mr. S. Malm, Mayor of Fort Adelaide, who is the attorney . for Mr. Beattie, has received no intimation of the disaster, and there is the faint hops that Eome error may have occurred in telegraphing the news. Mr. Beattie, it will beremembered, left for England about 18 months since in tha . hope that change would restore his wife's health, but without avail, as she died some six months ago, and now it ia reported that through eome accident Mr. Beattie has met his death, A notice wa? posted on Saturday in the General Post-Omce to th.cjffect that the French barque Glaneuae, from Charente, tan ashore one sad a quarter miles west of Point Lon?dile during Friday night. The Postmaster-General has forwarded us a copy of the following telegram, received from Bordertown on Saturday:—"Heavy thunder storm, accompanied by large hailstones, fell at 12.45, and lasted half an hour. The ground was covered thickly with haiL The quantity of rain registered was 1*350." Between 1 and 2 o'clock on Sunday morning a man named Johan Eaclertsen, a seaman of the barque Noel, was admitted into the Port Adelaide Hospital suffering from a wound below the right ribs four inches in length. The cut extended deeply into the abdominal muscle. H? bad also a superficial wound near the right shoulder four inches long, anl another cut two inches in length. There were two nmallgr wounds on the left side of tha ntck. The abdominal wound was in a very dangerons ?rtuation. The injuries wan in- ! fiicted-in* row which had taken place on ? board the Noel between Eaclertaen and ? ttPMT" belonging to the barque Drotting Sopliis>? short time previously, Tbenuuiwho j caned the wounds was aobseqnentty arrested. Henry Penhafl, of 72, North-terrace west, teyixtea to Sergeant McWamara, at the Police Station an Sunday evening, that Sarah Ijadner, *widow,74yearsof age, living at No. 74, North temoe, had died at hei residence that evening. No doctor has been in attendance of late, and Dr. Way, who was called on Sunday, and arrived after the woman's death, declines to to give |a certificate. The city coroner has been informed of the occurrence. A correspondent informs the Wallaroo Times that the party of Kadina miners have com pleted the tunnel at Beetaloo. The whole work, which some thought would last at least for a year, has been finished in fifteen weeks. The length of the tunnel is 642 feet It is 7 ft. 6 in.lrigh and 7 feet wide. The survey has been under the supervision of Mr. Saunters (the assistant engineer), and the result reflects great credit on that gentleman, as both ends met not half an inch out of the surrey line. Mr. Sannder? and Mr. Bennett (overseer) were the first to walk through the tunnel, after which the miners Hi^nC Hie h?Mth of the officers. The correspondent facetiously re marks, the last blast was discharged at £2.30. which wul put an end to the earthquake shocks that have been telegraphed from Gladstone. Respecting the correspondenee that has ap peared in the Advertiser with regard to the vaccination regulations, we have had our attention directed to the fact that no provision is made in the Act as to the number of punc tures that have to be made by the doctors to entitle them to Government fees. Un doubtedly the returns issued by the vacci nation department refer to four distinct punc tures being made, but no objection is made to the number being altered. The insertion in the returns of the number "four" was brouirht about by the late vaccination officer (Dr. Wil liam Gosse), his reason for mating the change being explained by a notice issued from the office in which tie percentage of deaths from mmnprr is given at 7*73 per hundred in cases of persons having one vaccine mark, while where four punctures have been made the per centage is 056 per hundred, or one person out of every 300. At a twr"4 given to the colonial and Indian viators at Edinburgh (states our London correspondent, writing on August 27) Zaord £osebery made a speech, in which he system to the colonies, giving as one of his reasons that it was a step in the direction of federation. It may seem somewhat strange to connect rmpntjil federation with postage stamf mrl peony ones at that—but it will be rwftt*?* on a closer examination that the subject of postage may form an important factor in federating the mother country and the oolonies. When the time arrives that letters may be sent from Ttnglanrt to Aus tralia for a penny the increased correspondence that must ensue will undoubtedly strengthen the ??*rag ties but si mm old England sad the new. Of course there will be croakers who take objection to the scheme on fifwrir 1 grounds, just as there were in the days when the penny post was introduced into ""rjg'nwl, when it was confidently predicted that the nation would be beggared in less than ?twelvemonth. But contrary to these gloomy witiwpatifwifi ftyt penny-post system survived, and has proved to beanie of the greatest blessings aii£qgbabinaneDJoya. Fromtaeearliesthistory down to the present day there have lived men who could not fee any good in departing from the old tuck travelled by our f orefatbers, who thought some day London would be annihilated by as explosion of gas when that excellent method of lighting was first introduced, who predicted rain when railways were projected, and, to come down to our own times, when "?ii?'j telegrams and the parcels post were adopted, Mr. Henmker Heaton pointed out in a Utter to the Tune* not long since that the borne Government did not lose a penny by the Australian sixpenny postage. It is more than probable that the increased correspondence that would ensue if the postage to the colonies wen lowered would be quite enough to cover any locs that might result. It is hardly to be expected that the new arrange ment would at once be a financial success; but when we nnimUrr the manifold advantages that have +w' miH the introduction of the penny post and sixpenny telegrams, which woe .bitterly opposed, we may take heart of lf'TT*n^T~* c***?m**ib*ttM'<:'m"M*wni""*a*1' 1 of tiie exorbitant 6d. at present dwnandwt, w? may be able to send to our fnends over the water our half-ounce budget for the modest mm of one penny. In au great and Luting reforms something must be sacrificed, and it is better that a nation should suffer afinanca loss titan that ties which mate the colo vies with tie mother bud should be weakened BefnwTtsj? gment generation have reached old age the fact of having had to pay 6d. for a letter to Australia will aeem as pdirnlons as we bow think the good old times of 200 yearj ago, won letters from London to Edinburgh On fimday muiin in connection with the Wedeyan Tixaga Muaionuy Society were held m the Wedeysa Chucefa, Bromptoa Tie weaebm were Dr. Stephens and the Rw Thorns* Wilhams. There was a good atten- The Kric stoat Wesleyan Band of Hope faeH its fortnightly meeting in the lecture-hall adjoining **"* church on Friday evening. There was a moderately good attendanoe, and Mr.B>H.Whitepre?ided. Mr.Walbankgavea poetical and interesting temperance address, and the following itema were rendered:—Over ture, lltss Holland; song. Mist J. Fergusson; and matatiflf by Messrs. Hitehcox, Boston, Cocking, and Thmnins. The art said industrial exhibition in connec tion with St Paul's Sunday-school was ?gain largely patronised on Friday evening. The exhthtts staged reoeivedconsiderable attention, and another attzaction was a scrap screen made by Mr. H.E. Fuller, a teacher. Competitions wen held in singing, music, recitation, and spelling, with the following results:—Piano solo, ntaggie Swan \ singing, G? C. Saunders \ *peUing-3uiik>rclae?es, NeUy Kobler and W. Gaetzens; middle classes, H. W. GruneUee ?nd Elorrie Clinch; senior cTawww, H. Gent, C Lawrence, and A, Kruss; recitation, A. White, Walter Jlbcker, and J. H. Sanders. An vwiAiit- tfiJtgnf^ic *i?affoirw caused consider' ?hie amusement. The gross proceeds were about £36. There is now on view at Mr. W. Morcombe's ?oach factory, Franklin-street, a handsome Brewster buggy, built on almost the same lines xs those which are made by the well-known Anu?rifiw firm from which these traps take their name. Mr. Mbrcombe imported one of Mftwrs. Brewster's buggies some time back, ?kd he has succeeded in turning out an article which will bear favorable comparison with the Yankee-made trap, whilst in some parts he has effected improvements. A double break has been added, and the axles have been strengthened, and whilst additional strength has been imputed, elegance has not been fiacrificfd. The trap is furnished with dark green doth, and painted a Japan black. In America these vehicles cost £105, but Mr. Moroombe has completed this one to order at £90, thus affording another instance of the fact that there is no necessity to import what can be made in the colony. The Bev. J. C. Woods, 8.A., delivered a lecture on Sunday morning at the Unitarian Christian Church, ?f?tJ The adaptation of liberal religion to the wante of our times," epectaUy referring to the thirty-first anni yersary of public Unitarian Christian worship in *h?? province. The rev. gentleman, in the coarse of his remarks, esid that although Unitarians in the colony might not have any outward success to boast of they had what might be termed an inner success—the success of their principle and of faith in mf^npg themselves true children of God, and "**l ""g themselves in the best sense of the wotd good man. good women, *nd good children. They could say conscientiously that the Bible was ? grand old book, but that like a grand old man it was not free from mistakes. There was a fair atten dance of the congregation, and the discourse was likened to throughout with much atten tion. A new programme was presented by Mias decry Nelson's Minstrel ?nd'BarJesque Troupe at Gamer's Theatre on Saturday evening. The ruing of the curtain disclosed the whole of tiie company seated on the stage, and with Miss Jenny Nye as interlocutrix, and Messrs. * minstrel T*?rt,wn"'i?pt was' earned out with spirit. The first part of the performance was brought to dose by a "golden shoe dance" by Mr. Bes.de, the champion of the colony, who bad to respond to an encore. The second half consisted of the "comical music burletta" in two acts, entitled "Fun in the Camp," in which the principal were sustained by Miss Carry Nelson, Mlbb Jenny Nye, and Mr. Will Stevens. TJie honors oE the evening' were shared by the two ladies, who threw a great deal of verve into their acting, tanging, and dancing. The other characters -were allotted as follows:—Corporal Gruff, Mj. Harry Warner; Primperino. Mr. C. Ray mond; Lord (know who), Mr. C. Lemum; Lady Bumble, Mies Lambert. The same bill will be presented to-night. A large number of Portonians and local residents assembled at the Alberton cemetery on Saturday afternoon, October 2, to pay their last tribute of respect to the memory of Mr. W. McKenzie. an old resident of Lefevre's Peninsula who died at his residence Semaphore road, on the previous Wednesday, Mr. McKenzie was a colonist of 35 years, and was 30 years of age when he reached our shores. He was Scotch by birth and received his education at Heriots Hospital, Edinburgh, an institution dear to the memory of many a Scotchman. He took to the profession of engineer, and on arrival after assisting in various works at Port Adelaide, went into partnership with Mr. W. Christie. He sub sequently became interested in a ship-chandlery business, which was known as Charles, McKenzie, and Co.'s, in the premises now occupied by Messrs.H. W.Thomspon & Co., at the Port. For many years be carried on a store on the Sema phore-road, Glanville, to which was attached the Lefevre's Peninsula post-office. The de ceased, who was much respected, was of a some what retiring disposition. He was a P.G. of the Loyal Peninsula Lodge of Oddfellows, and a number of the brethren attended the funeraL The Rev. W. H. Rofe officiated at the grave. The annual picnic in connection with the Kent Town Wesleyan Sunday-school was held on Friday on the grounds of Mr. Humby, at Blackwood. The picnicers, to the number of 600, including a number of visitors, left Adelaide in a special train of seven carriages. On arrival at Black wood a few showers of rain rather interfered with the enjoyment of the party, bnt about noon tile weather was all that could be desired, and continued so throughout the day. Foot ball, cricket, and numerous other modes of recreation were indulged in by all up to about 4.80 p.m., when the train was in waiting to convey the picnicers to the city, which was reached about 5.30 p m., all apparently having spent a most enjoyable day, despite the damp ness of the ground. The catering was satis factorQykamed out by Mr.Thouiss White. In the evening an entertainment was held in the local lecture-hall. Mr. fiobert Kxtowlee {one ol the superintendents of the school) presided, and the ha&wascrowdedtotbedoors.; An interesting programme, coinprisingsonie vary ably rendered numbers, was submitted, and judging by the applause was thoroughly appreciated by the audience. Pianoforte solos by Miss Era Knowles and Miss Lawrence were performed with accuracy; songs were capitally given by the Misses Collins, Saint, Barlow, and A. Bichardson, and Messrs. P. Barlow and A. Glover (encored); and recitations by Mr. Alt, Kessell and Master Claude Hele (encored). A dialogue, entitled " William Tell," by Messrs. Hitehcox, Thomas, and Chester, and Master Claude Hele (four members of the Band of Hope) was warmly appreciated. The annual wayzgoose in connection with the establishment of Messrs. Webb, Vardon, and Fritchard was celebrated on Saturday, October 2. All the employes, with a few friends, numbering in all about 40, left town in one of Hill & Co.'s large coaches, and after an invigorating; drive of 29 miles, the pleasure of which was slightly marred by a few showers of rain, the Cham of Ponds, the scene of the day's amusement, was reached. The pleasure seekers at once proceeded to the very prettily situated cricket grounds, where, notwithstand ing the inauspicious state of the weather, the sports were immediately commenced. At 1 o clock an adjournment was made to the Morn ing Star Hotel, where an excellent spread was done justice to. After dinner Mr. G. O. Davis, in a felicitous speech on behalf of the employes and friend*, thanked the firm for their liberality in providing tiie day's outing. Mr. Webb having suitably responded, the party re turned to the cricket ground and continued the ?ports. The weather had cleared up and re mained fine for the rest of the day. At 5 o'clock a start was made for town, which was reached by 8 o'clock. The following is the list of events with the names of the winners:—Champion Bace, two events, 100 yards and 150 yards—l, E.C. Vardon; 2, F. Carr; 3. G. G. Shaw. Kicking Football—l, E. a Vardon; 2, R. Webb. Sack?ace-1, S. Ellis: 2, E. Wood. Girl's Skipping Match—l, Miss Carter; 2, Miss Hawks. Putting Stone—l, G. O. Davis ; 3\. G. G. Shaw. Throwing Cricket Ball—l, G. O. Davis; 2, W. J. Hawfce. Married Men's Bace, 100 yards—l, G. G. Shaw; 2, J. Harts home. Finn's Bace—l, Mr. Vardon; 2, Mr. Webb. Boys'Bace, 100 yards—l, H. Webb; 2, C. Walsh. Walking Match, one mile—LE. Wood; 2, H. Fritchard. Boys' Bace, 100 yards—l, A. Pritchard; 2, A. Vardon. The City Battalion of the R.V.F. held a church parade at St. Bede's Church, Sema phore, on Sunday afternoon, October 3. Tfce men from the city and suburban companies left the cKy by the 2.15 pan. train, accom panied by their bands. On arriving at Exeter they left tiie train and fell won tiie Sema phore-road, when they were joined by the Port contingent. The muster all told was 130. The Eastern Suburban Company's band proseeded direct to the Semaphore by rail, and took up a position in front of St. Beae's Church, where they performed until their comrades from Exeter arrived. The men at Exeter wen formed, into three companies, which included members belonging to all the companies in the City Battalion, some being pre sent from the Brighton Company, The first company was under the command of Captain J. B. Blair, with Lieutenants T. Fletcher and- F. Blair; the second under Captain Bass?-, with Lieutenant Smith; and the third under Captain Howell, with Lieutenanta Scott and Bruce. The whole wm under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Lovely, with Adjutant Hampaon and Senraant- Major ToUey. Headed by the UnleyTGood wood, and Parkside Company's band the men wen marched up the Semaphore road to the church, where the Rev. W. Ward, M. A., the aewly-ajipointed incumbent, officiated, and based a short discourse on Matthew, 8, ix. The church was well filled, and at the dose a collection was made on behalf of the Sunday school held in connection with the church. One of tiie band's assisted in the church music. Among the other officers of the S.V.F. present were Captain Forrest, Lieu tenant* Weidenbaeh, Hawke, Russell, and Hallett, and among the visitors from the V.M.F. were Brigade Surgeon-Major Clin denning and Sergeant-Major Patterson. At the conclusion of the service the company marched back as far as Port Adelaide, where they took the 5.25 train for the city. An entertainment was held in the Institute Hall at Salisbury on Friday evening to bid farewell to Me W. C. GtasbyTtle head teacher of the local public school, and to welcome Mr. A. H. Neale, his succeswr. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Richard Vereo (chairman of the local board of advice) presided. A capital programme, con sisting of glees, songs, duets, and recitations, was gone through in a satisfactory manner. Messrs. Richard Whiting, William Goodman, and Jacob Hooper, parents of children attend ing the school, testified to the complete con fidence they had in Mr. Grasby as a teacher. He bad faithfully fulfilled his duties, and had won the affection of the children, the esteem of the parents, and the respect of the whole dis trict, and they hoped that in future his work would be as much appreciated as it had been in Salisbury, They also assured Mr. Neale that he might rely upon them and the parents generally for their support in all his efforts for the advancement of education in their midst. The chairman explained that Mr. Grasby was leaving so that be might be in * better posi tion to fulfil his duties as assistant secretary to the Public Schools Floral Society. Whilst the people of Salisbury regretted his departure the nnwelfiyh cause of it commended him more highly to them. Mr. Grasby spoke of tiie threefold aspect of education—the moral, intellectual, and physical—and emphasised the importance of etch. He acknowledged the unvarying kindness of the Salisbury people ever since be came among them. Mr. I Keale thanked them for their kind welcome, and promised them that no effort on his part would be spared in promoting the education of the children. Cheers were given for the Inspector-General of Schools and for Messrs. Grasby and Neate. The?ey.A.Turnbull will lecture In the YM.CK. Ball to-night on the M Broad and narrow way." Xbe Australian Mutual Provident Society ruw re moved to its new offices, Ho. S3, King William-street. We have received the Utest issue of tiie SuttnUian Quarterly Journal We bare received a copy of the South. Australian Stntinrl, with wiiieii is laoorporated the lAcented Victualler? Gazette and Sporting Clironiclc, A meeting of tiie Daly Biver Plantation Company will be held at the ootnpaoy'e office, Pirie-street, this afternoon. A meeting of the Irish National League will be held this ivening at Byan'e Assembly rooms, Victoria equareeast. Mr. i. P. Jlorice (Parliamentary Librarian) has jast completed a. supplementary catalogue ol books added to the Parliamentary Library tiom June LIBBS, to July 31,1886. Mr. J. W. Jones (Conservator of Water) will give a lecture in tiie Brougham-place lecture-hall this even ing on "The aborigines of Australia," Illustrated by magii* lantern dMw; Ahandy little book entitled "Music Primer for the Pianoforte" has just been published for Miss F. S. Hawkins by Messrs. Elliott and Co , of Strathalbyn. A large amount of useful information is Riven in a manner that cannot tail to be understood by the youthful student, and the primer should have a ready cale. I3t Mr. James H. Pan- wishes to call special atten tion to his tale this day and to-morrow (Tuesday), at 12 o'clock each day, in the Albert Hall, Pirie-street, gf Household Furniture for Mrs. Vosz and Dr. Korff. 