THE .CONVICT'S BRIBE. A ROMANCE Of ENGLAND AMD AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT; CHAPTEB S^TContinned.) By FRANCIS A. JDUBIVAOS, Brother's Sceiyt," «A lost life," "FonleJroy," Ac. , . AUTHOB O? "The -" Poverty. I have a long journey to' nuke —a voyage of months—and it requires money, a hundred pounds." " Then you'll have to give it op,* - said "Wilson. " Where are the hundred pounds to come from?" "I ask you for it, I beg it of yon, to eave your child's life. I must-go to^Anstralia. I must be near my husband. . It is . the last favor I will ever ask of you. I will never. eue to you for another penny, for another morsel of bread. Do tins and be rid of me forever. Alas 1 alas! I know now that yon sever loved me." " And why should I love you ?" n Ton ask 6hy a father should lore his only chOd 1" ' " Ton are not my child." ; "Not your child 1" "No. And if your own father casts you ofi, why should you erpect that I could be s*sweet on you?" Oarmeline saw that he had been drinking deeply, and was uncertain how muoh truth there was in what he said. But he went on in the same strain. / " Your father might shell oat the needfalj but it'iB not very likely." " Of whom are yon speaking, sir ?" " Of his grace^the Earl of Elwood." Carmeline was certain now that her supposed father did not know what he was saying. He kept chuckling and laughing, and repeating: . "Ay, ay, the Earl of Elwood, the Earl of Elwood. A peer of the realm—holds his head as high as a prince of the blood-royal. Wouldn't acknowledge a poor devil of an innkeeper as his brother-in-law, not he. If X could only prove—but no matter I He shelled out pretty liberally though." "Whatare you saying about the Earl of Elwood, sir?" " Nothing, nothing. Go to bed; don't bother me to-night. A hundred pouhdsl Pshaw 1 a mere trifle. Of course I've got •em lying round loose, tied up in an old stocking, or something. I'm rich, by Jupiter I Of course you shall have the hundred pounds 1 I think I see myself giving 'em to you 1 Go to bad, go to bed." Carmeline did go to bed with a heavy heart. The next day she again sought the innkeeper before he had time to beqloud his faculties. " Sir," she said," last night you told me a strange story." "I can't remember the day after what I said overnight." "Do you remember me asking you for a hundred pounds ?" " Something of the sort." " And you resisting my appeal, and saying that I was sot your ehild,butthe daughter of some great nobleman." " And you were green enough to Relieve me ? Pshaw 1 When I'm in my cups I have strange fancies sometimes. You a lady and the daughter of a nobleman 1 - ' The sooner you get such notions out of your head the " I will sot dwdl upon the subject since you tell me you were only jesting. But, dear lather, let me renew my request. I must have the means to go to Australia. My life depends upon it." "Well, well, I'll see about it. I'll see what can be done. I won't forget." "Bemember," said Carmeline solemnly, " that my life depends upon my obtaining that money. I am not jesting." When Thomas Wilson was alone he chuckled over an idea-which had entered his Scheming brain. He went to his desk and indited a letter to the Earl of Elwood—for Garmeline's father had succeeded to the title—is which he pleaded for a remittance of ft hundred ponnds, to bB used for the benefit of the sari's daughter. He requested it should be Bent under cover to him, and he promised, if the Earl acceded to his request, that he would sever again trouble him for tnohey. The letter was by no means illwritten, and Wilson almost flattered himself that the amount asked for would come by return of mall. .Of course, he never intended giving Oarmeline one penny of it. .Thomas Wilson, landlord of the George, knew better than that. . \- Two days afterward the- letter-carrier stopped at the George Inn. " This is for you, Mrs. Versos," he said, placing a letter in Carmeline's hand* us she stood at the door. She-glanced round to see that no one was looking. She had grown suspicions of every . one; The Iiondon postmark 1 -Who could have written her from London ? It was aildressed, too, Carmeline Wilson—not her married same. She hastened-to her room and tore it open. It contained a cheque on the Overton Bank for one hundred ponnds sterling, payable t o bearer, and was signed ! " Elwood." It seemed a gift from Heaven. Her prayers had been heard, her wishes itified. S h e did not stop to ask how it Sppened that the exact sum she wanted came from Iiondon. She had forgotten ihe ; same of Elwood—she oould think of nothing but the money and all it promised her. _ Hiding Ihe preoions slip of .paper, she hurried to the bank. The cashier was slightly acquainted with her, and nodded. H o w carelessly h e handled the cheque, gUnoed at it, and then tossed it in a drawer. u How will yon have it, ma'am ?" " In small notes, if yon please." She took the money, hid it, and hastened back to the inn* Shehad not smiled for many a day, but sow there was actually something like a smile, on her wan. weary faoe. Her reputed father met her at the door and noticed her expression. " You look something like you used to be," he grunted. Father, some kind friend, Bome angel in disguise, has sent me a hundred pounds from London. Was it you ?" "I was the means of it," he muttered. " How did this money come 3" "In a letter—a cheque." : " Signed by whom ?" "I don't remember. Maywood, or som6 suoh name." "Elwood ?" "Yes, that was it. Only just Elwood." " A s old pal of mine i s the city. I wrote to him about you." " Dear—dear father 1" "No thanks, girL" He was greatly disappointed in not getting the remittance himself, but, on second thoughts, conolnded it was as well to let the girl go. She would sever ba a burden or expense to him. When all was arranged for the journey to Iiondon, she bade him an affectionate farewell, and he made a hypocritical! show of parental affection. It did not deceive her. She felt that she was as unloved one. The Conqueror, an emigrant ship, lay in the Thames, She was.crowded with passengers eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thousand miles, by the shortest Toute, lured by fabulous stories of the golden wealth of Austria. Carmeline had engaged a steerage passage, so that she might at the end of her voyage still have some funds left to support her until she should obtain employment in the far-off, unknown land. A strange mixture of people Burrocnded her—bad and good, with a predominance of the former. But she formed the acquaintance, of a quiet family, and associated with them exclusively during the tedious" voyage of four months. In spite of gnawing care, she felt a thrill of pleasure when at last the land-breeze wafted to the ship the odorof spicy flowers. Soon a dear little land-bird lighted in the rigging. Then, as night deepened, Cape Otway Light sent forth its cheering beams, like the rays of the star of hope. That, night Carmeline could sot close her eyes. She sat on the crowded deck, watohing the constellations th biassed above her in all the beauty of a southern heavrs. The next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along the elevatedcoast of Cape Otway -forest, and entered PortPhillipBay. The pilot came aboard, bringing jBles of Melbourne papers, -;whi$v. yifxo distributed among the passenger^',,'^ne .or these was read aloud by Mr./jones, ~ihe "head of the family to whioh Carmeliiaeliad a^tachedheraelf fdaringthevoyage. ., !.".'.",;', " ..««Ah 1" said he; .*;here's something. Two eonviota shot in trying to escape. Save 'em right j" . . ",-Where did this happen,^ir asked Carmeline. " ' * - AtsNorfolk Island." '• "Norfolk Wand 1—theplaasof M s imprisonment jy She forced herself to say: . "1 Suppose the names of these unfortunate m e n are not given, sir ?"' • "Unfortunate men, my dear?" said Mr, Jones, ".I tell you they were convicts. No names?; Yes; here's the names in fall— Isaac Thompson and Luke Vernons the laEt a desperate character, the paper says." With an appalling shriek, the convict's wife fell to the deck. Mr. Jones applied the usual restoratives in oases of fainting. The incident caused but a momentary excitement on the crowded deck. "Onlya woman in a fit," passed from mouth to mouth, and the drinking, singing, and speculating were resumed after a minute's interval. "Poor thing!" whispered Mrs. Jones to her husband. " She told me her name -was Vernon. 'Maybe one of them men was her husband." _ Carmeline was long in coming to herself, and then the effort to appear calm almost killed her. But she asked to see the paper after awhile, and, hiding her face with the broad sheet, read every word of the fatal news. The two convicts were attempting to escape in a boat; the guard fired on them, and they sank. Bodies not recovered. Dead 1 dead! He, whom she loved in spite of his guilt, was dead, and Bhe was alone in the world, thirteen thousand miles from England! . She did.not' shed a tear, and a freezing torper, like that of death, congealedher frame. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbgre t o question her. . J"". \- " We are gefbg iffihore now,"'said the good%0man*. "Mr. Jones lias engaged^ boatjto take us to Liardet'a beach. Will you come with us ?" "Yes; certainly," replied Carmeline, in a hurried, flighty way. "Certainly, certainly." ' After landing, the Joneses insisted on her riding with them, in a cart they had engaged, to Melbourne. They were going yet farther, but Carmeline stopped in the town. She engaged lodgings with a Scotchwoman, a Mrs. Mardookson, who had been recommended to her by the captain of the Conqueror. The terms were frightfully high, yet low in comparison with those of other boarding places. " You will have supper, of conree?" said the landlady,,as she showed her guest into a miserable attic room. " Only a oup of tea," gasped Carmeline. " Best—rest 1 I want rest." She laid aside her bonnet and shawl, then lay down upon thebed without undressing. The landlady brought the tea, whioh was swallowed; then undressed and went to bed. "Dead! dead 1" she kept murmuring, as she pressed her hands to her burning head, CHAPTEB XL iUSTBAUA.—IN THE BUSH. Carmeline awoke from a troubled sleep unrefreshed, and with her awakening came a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant 'than the agony she felt when the stunning blow of the fetal news first came to her on shipboard. F o x days she moved on as in a dream— torpid, listless, despairing. At last came a letter, from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The Joneses were trying tneir fortune there, and they needed help in the housekeeping. They offend Carmeline bed, board and wages for her domestic services. She Mt that she must go to work, not only to support herself, for her money was fast ebbing away, but that she needed employment as a diversion from brooding over her bereavement. She answered the letter, ac-" cepting the offer, and announcing that she would go through with the first conveyance that left Melbourne under escort, for evil characters loitered about the track- of emigrants, and more than one family had been plundered by bushrangers, so that it was not safe to venture on the track without the protection of the armed and mounted police. In a few days the opportunity occurred, and she secured a place in a wagon belonging to one Mike Mulligan, who, with his wife and two children, were bound for the gold district. When she had paid her fare and settled with her landlady she found she had' left thirty pounds sterling. This ires nose too mnoh for B reserve fund in a country where a few aays illness would absorb even a larger amount.*. Carmelinewas very ill when she took leave cfMrs. Mitrdockson, her kind-hearted landlady, who urged her to poBtpcne her journeys hnfrher feverish impatience to obtain something likea home is a strange land urged her forward; , Tne distance to be traversed was about eighty miles, but as there were bullock teams in the train, the progress of the. caravan was necessarily slow; moreover,the road in some, plaoes was deep and difficult, and the emigrants could only hope to reach their destination in lour or five days. It was a motley procession of mounted men, tilt-carts, {and heavy baggage wagons, some of them piled with household furniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating carbines slung at their backs, and helmets on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent intervals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of sticky mud that clung to the wheels of the wagons like glue. -They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they traces of great bush-fires that had swept the country with devouring flames, leaving here and there great tracts of dead, scorched trees, that loomed upin the sight against the stainry sky like ghastly skeletons. Sometimes a huge fallen tree barred the road, and it was necessary either to hew it to piec§| and remove it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by ihe road-side. r 1n crossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune. His wagon broke down, and .his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly, sought to procure other animals to enable him to keep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as much as th6y could do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare oneB had been forced into harness. The utmost that -could be done for the unfortunate family was to take them on in one of the baggage wagons. Bat Mike and his wife could .not abandon the cart. It eontained their little all. Nor would Carmeline leave them in their distress. She had conceived &n; affection for these poor honest people. Though they did not urge her, she knew that they would be rejoiced to have her stay with them. : After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a benefioent Australian sky?- Some of ihe emigrants went to work and got Mike's wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry plaee by the road-side. The horses did not need to ba hobbled; they were too tired to stray. By the time this job was finished the reat of the column had disappeared over the brow of an ad joining hill. The good-natured •emigrants who: had lingered behind shook hands with Mike, and then started to regain t>' • Mike's wife Bat down on a roek and had a good cry; while Carmeline played with the "children and Mike lit his pipe. After this solace the man went to work,and succeeded in.-a few hours in repairing his wagon. But the liorses were' still urifit ior work, and night was coming on. . \- Mike thought that they could manage to sleep comfortably enough under the canvas Oover of the cart, but he expressed a childish fear of " lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and 'all thim haythen animals that go roarin' ionnd seekin' somebody to devour." Cirmeline. who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that hejhad nothing to fear on that account,for such dangerous animals were uhknowri. " Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss," was -his reply. "St. Patrick must have taken it in his way when he came to dhrive thim varmints out of ould Ireland into the say." Carmeline took him aside. "Mike," she said, "there are those who are more dangerous than wild beasts and " Ghosts and banshees, miss ?" "No, no, Mike; but bad men—thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watch tonight. Are you armed ?" " Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an American six-shooter as money can bay." " I hope you will have no occasion to use it. But I would make no flre. We can dispense with tea and coffee." Following Carmeline'B advice, the little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under the cover of the cart and arranged themselves as well as they could for the night—an anxious one, which passed, however, without inoident. At dawn of day the harsh screams of a hundred cockatoos, making a music like ihe rasping , of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in — magpies, leatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red, and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of the forest. Tall cranes stalked along the banks of the ri^er, or stood motionless beside it. Mike had not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow! he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver However. With the opening of day his toll recommenced. The horses, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet grass, were in a good condition. The cart would hold together, provided there were no more bad places to cross. S3 they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their march. After a short distance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmeline alighted to pluck some, teilling the Mulligans to keep on and she would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orchisseB, and a beautiful flower like the star of Bethlehem which she had never Been before. Passionately fond of flowers—those most delicate gifts of Heaven— the young widow was lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She left the beaten traok and struck into the woods, attracted by some crimson or Bnowy beauty peeping from the grass.' She did not go far, however. When sHe had gathered an armful of flowerg, enough to Oocupy the children for hours in making bouquets and coronals, she hurried baok towards the road, as she thought. But it is easy to lose one's self in the Australian bush, and lost she Boon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, straining her lungs to the utmost. "Mike! Mike 1" Alas I only the discordant cries ot cockatoos and parroquets answered her. " Mike 1 Mike 1" she cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, and then two Bavage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered clothes, looking indeed like wild beasts, made their ap> pearance. Each of them carried a stout stick in his hand. . f Can We do anything to serve you, mum?'' asked one of them, ducking his head with mock civility. • - • She controlled her tenor, and answered: "I.have lost my way, sir. If yon guide me to the road, you will earn my thanks." "When one gets lost in the bush," said the spokesman of the two, " if 6 a^matter. of life and death. Thanks is well enough. " But it's worth money.to find the trail again." " I'll pay you liberally,' said Carmeline, incautiously. " She's got money," said the first ruffian to bis companion. The other winked. "Well, mum, I'm'agreeable to act as guide," eaid the man. "Follow us, my charmer. We know the bush. This way." They broke a way for Carmeline through' the dense undergrowth, But they led tfer such a distance thst she became alarmed; she knew the roai could not be eo far off, and when they had reached a beaten track she halted. " Does not this path lead .to the main road ? ' she asked. "Yes'um. Turn to the right and yon will 'soon strike it," answered the man she had addressed. We'd go with you, but me and my pal has retired from public life and sever show ourselves to our contemporaries." " I will now pay you for your services,"said Carmeline. "Yes'um. The regular fee for guidin' a hindividual out of the bush is two pounds." "Two pounds 1" " Two pounds, mum, regular, Bat when a lady's in the case, we dedacks half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, if y o u please." " Unfortunately all Carmeline's money was together, and she had to produce her little roll of notes. " Seeing is having 1" shouted the foremost ruffian, and he snatched the treasure out of her band. Not heeding her piteous cry,the two villians sprang into the bush. To turn to the right and fly along the path -with the speed of the fawn was Carmeline's instant action. But to her horror, at a turn of the path the ruffians again confronted her. "Haiti" cried the man who had done all the talking, brandishing his club. " You are our lawful prize." Carmeline shrieked aloud for help, though well aware of the hopelessness of human aid. " Give her a rap over the knowledge-box," said the second ruffian. "All right," replied bis eomrade, and a terrible blow laid her senseless on the ground. " I swear,"said the assailant, as he stooped to hft her, " I believe I've killed her I" " Hark I" cried his comrade, lifting a wamrag finger. "The gallop of a horse! We're lost I The other villain dropped the lifeless girl, and, following the lead of his accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which tbey writhed their way like serpents. .It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape jast before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle dung at BIS back, came thundering up the iorest path. At sight of the stunned and bleeding woman hettirew his horse on his haunches by a pull at the powerful curb and flung himself from the saddle. The trained animal stood like a statue. _ "More of these villains' bloody work I" said the horseman as he bent over Carmeline. " Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved." . -He ran to a brook, dipped up some water in the crown of his soft hat, hastened back, and bathed the faoe of the unfortunate woman. She muttered some incoherent words, opened and shut her eyes. When he raised her from the ground, she struggled, with him a moment, and then hfr muscles relaxed. Carefully raising her, he mounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as if she had been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struck into a gentle canter. Two or three miles of riding on the velvet turf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockade fence, up g gentle slope, along an avenue of acaoias, to a rude" bat comfortable farm-house, with ont-lying building? scattered round. There was an of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it belonged to a recent settler. A hearty old lady came to the door to welcome him, bat turned pale and held up her hands when she beheld his strange burden— a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathed in blood. "Mother," said the horseman, solemnly, "behold your charge 1" " Who has done this cruel thing?" asked the old lady, as she received Carmeline into her arms. "Who but the bushrangers? But these vermin shall be hanted from the face of the earth!" CHAPTER XII. IWO HEABTS. ' Whe^ Carmeline once more opened her eyes to the light of day and of reason, she found herself lying in a comfortable b6d, round which mosquito curtains were carefully drawn, in a plainly furnished room. The sun was up. She had overslept herself. It was high time to rise. Bnt, to her surprise, she found herself unable to get out Of bed. Then she glanced at her arms; they were all wasted away. She passed her hands feebly over her faoe; that, too, was thin and hollow. " What has happened to me ? Where am I ?" she cried aloud in terror. "Yon are safe, among friends," said & kindly voice, as an elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bedside.' Carmeline passed her hand over her forehead. "Iremember," she muttered, "something terrible. I remember being attacked by bushrangers in the forest. . Who brought me here ? How long have I been here 1 Is this place Ballarat?" " My dear child, you must keep quiet. Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a settlement of shanties and tents. You are in a farm-house. My eon fonnd you, stunned and bleeding, and brought you here. This is my house. My name is Mrs. Carter." "Bat how long have I been here ?'' "Three weeks to-day." "And I have known nothing all that time!" « You have been very ill, and out-of your head. But last night was the crisis of your illness. The doctor ?aid that if you passed a quiet night and awoke rational, he would guarantee "your recovery." " My dear madame, I owe you my life." "You owe it to One who heard your cry for help and direoted my son to your rescue," replied Mrs. Carter, solemnly. "Bnt of this we will epeak hereafter—not now. Take this." The good woman held a cup to the pale lips of the^ sufferer, who drank the contents. Then, sinking back on her pillow, she closed her eyesin a slumber as sweet and peaceful as an infant's - . Dr. Beverley had judged the patient's case rightly. From this day she began to mend rapidly, and in a week more was able to leave the room and go about the honse. The good woman who had taken such motherly care of her was repaid for all her watching and_ nursing when she saw her charge seated in an arm-chair at the window of the little parlor on the first floor, with a clear light in her beautiful eyes, a faint smile on her lips, and a faint tinge of rose-color on her velvet cheeks. "My son mil soon be here to pay bis respects to you," she said. " There is his step 1 I should know it among a thousand." . > • * The door opened; a manly form entered. " Carmeline I" "Mr. Meredith!" Bach were their mutual exclamations. Yes, Carmeline was. beneath the roof of her old lover. He, whom she had rejected for a worthless rival, had saved her life in the forest; his mother had saved her life in the farm-house. Meredith had not recognised her when he rescued her, because .her face was then bathed with blood from her ^ound, and h e had s o t sees her. from t h e momentbe had given her into his mother's charge - till now. The old ladyWBS a second time a widow, hence her name, Carter, had prevented the invalid guessing at the truth. Both were greatly agi±ated, ,and it waa some timeliefore they could speak calmly. Meredith noticed the black. ribbons on Carmeline's dress—she had sot had. as oppprtunity of providing a full suit of mourning—arid-said: . * You have lost a friend?" " My httsband,-' she said averting her face. " Poor thing 1 Sa young to be a widow 1" said Mrs; Darter. Carmeline glanced np at Meredith. It was an appealing look, and he understood it. She did not wish to reveal her painfnl story. He gave her to understand by a rapid gesture that he comprehended her and would respect her wishes. " Haw strange that yon should have known Mrs.—I -mean this lady," eaid Mrs. Carter. " I beg your pardon, but you know I never asked your name, my dear." " Vernon," said Carmeline, casting down her eyes. " Yes, I was acquainted with Mrs. Vernon in England," said Meredith; "and I am . very happy to have been of service to her. Bat now you must excuse me, madam," he added, addressing Carmeline. " I lead a very busy life, asd I have a thousand matters to attend to." Had he remained another moment in the room he wcrald have Betrayed himself. He had need of being alone to commune with his own thoughts. Carmeline beneath his roof, andia widow 1 Mrs. Carter was untiring in the praise of her son, . The good lady had now secured a listener, and she ran on for an hour on her favorite theme. She told how successful Mark had lisen, how. lucky he had been at the gold diggings, how fortunate in bis land speculations, how well his cattle had turned out. He was always a good son, she said, and an haneet, steady man, and Providence had blessed him beyond his wildest hopes. Carmeline listened with mingled pleasure and pain 1 . She'rejoiced at Meredith's success, but she regretted that she was a temporary inmate of his house. Had it been a stranger's, she wonld have been glad to remain in his employ contented with retirement and hard worjk. - Bat her former relations with tbe master forbade her continuing in his family.. She resolved, so, soon as she had gained a little strength, to leave Meredith's Hope, as he had prettily named his settlement, and to seek other shelter. In the meantime she communicated with the Joneses, announcing her safety and her intention of joining them at Ballarat as soon as possible; requesting them to advance her a small sum of money—for she was now penniless—to paj her travelling expenses. The letter remained unanswered. Daring -the delay she made herself useful about the house, and BO endeared herself to Mrs. Carter, by her resignation,industry, and dexterity, that the old lady came to love her like a child. * Of course Carmeline was thrown continually into the society of Mark, who was always courteous, but grave.and unimpassioned. It was evident that.the old love had died out; as for herself, her own heart, as she thought, was dead within her. .. At last the long-expected letter from the Joneses reached her, having an enclosure of; money.' They were pleased at the prospect, of her joining them. She communicated the intelligence to Mrs. Carter, and announced her purpose of leaving Meredith's Hope for Ballarat at once. Mrs. Garter was thunderstruck. "Whyi my dear, I never dreamed of you leaving us 1" she said, and the old lady b9gan to cry. - "I am tired of eating the bread of idleness," said Carmeline. " Idleness 1 Don't talk suoh stuff as that. Money oouldn't pay for the help you've been to me. : And then, I thought you'd begun to like me a little." "Like you a little ! You have been a mother to me. From the first moment I opened my eyes on your dear face, my heart went out to you. Dear, dear Mrs Carter, I loved you," and poor Carmeline burst into tears. " Then why won't you stay and comfort the old lady ? What are these Joneses to you ? Are they relatives?" • > "They were very kind to me on the voyage." " And tiaven't I been ? But this will be sews for iny sen; I must tell him of it." " Say then, dear madam, that my resolution is irrevocable." The bid lady bustled out of the room and did not return to it. In a few moments the door opened and Mark Meredith stood beside her. He was even graver than usual. « My mother tells me, Mrs. Vernon, that you have decided to leave us, and is almost broken-hearted about it. I had hoped that you wonld remain as her companion, and that we had succeeded in making yon comfortable here." . "Mr. -Meredith," answered Carmeline, trying to imitate a calmness, " the mbst tranquil and comfortable days of my life have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owe yon more than shelter, I owe you my life, and when I am far away from here, night and morning will I pray on bended knees that the choicest blessings of heaven descend in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hope." "Meredith's Hope! Meredith's Desolation, rather, when you have left asl" cried Mark., All his stoicism vanished. " Carmeline! Carmeline! you are the cruelest of women. Do you think a man who once loves loan ever forget? Do you think I can forget the poor little barefooted girl who tended sheep on Overton Common 1 Do you think I can forget the beautiful woman who touohed my heart as no woman ever did before or ever -can again? You could not love me then, but I did think that the bitter experience of life had chasged your heart. Was-It sot Providence that reunited ns after a long separation ?—I still adoring, you once more free to listen to me? Carmeline, while you were another's I could Btill tbe beatings of iny heart, could find in toil an anodyne ^to agony, bat sow! now! there is sothisg bids me be silent, nothing bids me refrain from declaring my nndying love. Carmelipe! Carmeline t Again I ask yon to be my wife. " lam penniless, and you are rich." "HadI all the gold in Australia, I should be poor without your love; with it in poverty I should be wealthy.", Carmeline pressed her hand to her heart, and leaned against the window-frame for support. Meredith sprang to her side; he took her hand ; he drew her to him; her head dropped on hiB Bhoulder. Hiding her faoe, she faltered out: "Oh, Mark, I love youl How I love youl" Then, by a sudden transition, Bhe pushed him'away from her, raised her head, dried her streaming eyes, and, then eaid: *! Ye8,-Mark, I love you—love you dearly— to dearly that I can never be your wife." Mark Meredith. fell from rapture to despair. • " Why—why ?" he asked, in a tone of the bitterest agony. ''.Because } am a conviet's widow." " Will you permit .your misfortune to Btand in the way of my happiness ?" asked Meredith.. " Hear me, Mark," said Carmeline, and Bhe-npw Spoke quite calmly; " I have asked you to.conceal my story from your mother, and yon have-done so. Now goto her and tell her all." "Do -not ask me to do that.". " Yonsee that I was right. Bui if you do not tell her, I will. Mark, listen to your mother j she will tell you that I knew my duty j ihe will console you when we are partetkforever." . • ..: continued.') 