AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. "MY H E R 0." BY ROBT. R. WHITWORTH. " Tell you a Btory boys," said old Jack Hall one fine nioonlight night, as we sat smoking outside the shearing shed on old Wilson's station on the Wimmera. " Oh, yes, I'll tell you a story. You see that black boy I've got following me round. Why. he's the smartest boy with horses this side of the Maneroo, and that's saying a good deal; and what's more, the young beggaris kind with 'em, which, for one of his breed, is somewhat singular. However, that's neither here nor there, and has nothing, though he himself has, to do with my yarn. A good many years since,, fourteen or fifteen maybe, I was timber getting in the Richmond River district up on tbe north ooast of New South Wales, and we'd struok a' rich piece of cedar brush on Emigrant Greek, a goodish sized stream on the north sid8 of the river, and about thirty miles from the sea. _ It was summer, about the middle of Janu ary I think, and it was hot, oh, so hot. Down here you've no idea of the heat on those swamps ; the heat, that terrible moiBt heat, that ' brings up a kind of thiek dense over powering mist from the low lying country round, a conntry which is one big lagoon in the wet season, and a damp, dank, evil-smell ing morass in the dry, the very hot-bed of fever and shivering ague, to Bay nothing of rheumatics ; and then the mosquitoes — phew ! —nothing like 'em I ever saw, unless it was at Hexham, opposite Ash Island, on the Hunter River, where they call 'em gallinippers, and a very appropriate name too, I think, for in the way of gallying you,_ and nipping you, they are terrors, and no mistake. 1 We were a party of six, we'd been at work in the neighbourhood for about four mouths, and had got as fine a lot of first- class timber stacked as you could wish for, and were beginning to think of rafting it down to Ballina, where it oonld be shipped by the sohooners and other craft in the timber-trade for Sydney or where not else. The .stuff was stacked on the river- side, near the camp, which was in a little flat under the rise of a sloping hill covered with tea tree scrub and thiok undergrowth. Oh, it was hot, hot, hot. The very air was quivering with the heat, and the little westerly wind'that we had was blowing from the plains beyond the ranges, as if it had been the breath out of a fiery furnaoe. We couldnot work, we didn't try to,_we lay in snch shadow as we oonld find, smoking, and wishing for the decline of lh9 sun that shone above us in the heavens like a huge red burning ball. The silly birds had sought the covert of such leafage as they could find, the iguanas had sheltered themselves under the grey sandstone rocks, the very cicadas in the trees were too weary to keep up their chirps, and, in fact, all nature was asleep. Our camp consisted of a slab and bark ' men's hut, and another smaller hut used as a sleeping place and kind of office by the boss. It was on a little back-water of the creek, which was about a quarter of a mile away, and we had cleared a belt of maybe twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this was grown over with brown burnt up grass that would flame up like tinder if you gave it the chance. -. The spot had been a blackfellow's camp, DUi\ utre'w-na- — j mm a mile or two when we oame, to some sorao other side of the hill. "We had had a iitu«_ trouble with the beggars at first, for they were awful thieves, but the boss was not a man to stand much nonsense, and a few smart larruppings had taught them that the " white fellow" and his belongings were best left alone. There had been heavy bush-fires In the ranges to the westward, toward the head of the Clarence, and at night the whole side of the range for miles used to glow like a vast wall of lurid flame against the black pall of thiok smofeo that rose from the burning bush beyond. Still we felt safe enough, for the wide and deep Richmond river and swamps lay between us and the fire, and we were well sheltered from the Btrong westerly winds by the ranges themselves. It was one afternoon, abont two o'clock, when Sandfly— so we called a half-caste boy we had with us — came to me, as I lay on a bench in the shade of a hut, half- asleep, and rousing me up, said in hurried and frightened accents " You, Jack Hall, make a light, big one fire sit down 'tother side along 0' hill, murry quick that fella come, my word." That woke me up in a hurry, you may bet, and jumping up with a start, I looked in the direction he indicated. There it was, sure enough. Rising from the other side of the slight eminence which shut us in on the west, was a dense volume of dark smoke which told its own tale, too snrely. The fire, by some means, had taken possession of the dried np open bush, and, impelled by the light hot wind, was coming rapidly in our direction. JThe rest of onr party, Jim Stack, Curly, Dutch Fred, and Tom Bowman were in the hut, endeavouring to forget the trying heat in an engrossing game of Euchre. ' The boss had gone away the day before to look after another party higher np the river, between as and Mount Leslie, and was expected back that afternoon. In less time than it takes to tell, the boys were out, the slip panels were down, and the bullocks and horses, smelling 'the acrid aroma of the burning bush, had, led by their natural instinet, stampeded for the lower swamps, where they knew they were safe. Fight fire with fire. That is the only way; to fight fire. We all of us, as old buBhmen knew that well enough, and therefore pre pared to meet the foe that would soon sweep down on us, by burning off the erisp dried grass in onr belt of olearing, and beating it oat on ..the inner side of the ring with branches of the greenest brushwood we could find, for if the fire once caught the parohed bush inside, not only our camp, but tbe piles of . timber, the proceeds of our four months labor, worth a eouple of thousand pounds or so, would be swept away like matchwood, and we, even if we escaped with our lives, should have to take shelter in the mosquito infected swamps. Even as we were spreading ourselves to meet the fire along our western boundary,- we saw the boss, spurring as if for dear life, top the ridge on his sweat lathered mare, and, totally regardless of tracks, or of rocks or fallen timber, riding towards us at a break- neok pace. " Good lads," he shouted, as he threw him self from his reeking animal, and saw ns ready for the coming struggle, "good lads. I've had a tough job to head the flames. The black beggars out yonder have fired the scrnb, confound 'em, and in a few minutes the whole' of this side of the country will be in a blaze. Cattle in the swamps ? Good. Now then,' three this way, three that. Keep it baok all you can, and stamp it out as you go." As he spoke, the smoke came rolling in heavy clouds on the top of the rise, envelop ing as in its thick acrid folds, and the crackle of the burning shrubbery apd tbe rumble of the devouring flames sounded louden and nearer every instant. Already scores of kangaroo and wallaby blundered past us in mad terror like grey shadows, and thousands of cockatoos and other birds flsw screanoiDg overhead, or dropped suffocated by tbe smoke. Already the fiery tongues of flame could be seen shooting upward among the tall timber beyond the ridge, and we, blackened, be grimed, einged, parched with thirst, and dripping with perspiration, stood ready to meet the onset of the enemy at- his nearest attacking point. £\Vc had liced our safety belt, and stood, wa and our property, within a ring fence as it were, of blackened ashes, comparatively safe. The flat beyond us wap almost devoid of timber, and the underbrueli was very sparse, so that. bsyond a few clumps of ti-trces and mimosa, close to the outer edge of our ring, it had not taken fire, and our energies wera now direotad to spreading the flames iu thnfc direction, so as to meet the approaching con flagration. The sky, or rather the smoke rack over head, was of a dull lurid hue, and the roar of the flames was appalling. Next me, and working like one possessed, was Tom Bowman, one of tbe biggest rips in the whole country side. Loud-mouthed, blasphemous, drunken, profligate Tom Bow man, whose name was a synonym for all that was bl&ckgnardly; and disreputable. We cedar cutters were, as you may .readily im agine, none of as particularly respectable as ' the word is generally understood, but even we, the worst of us, conceded the proud pre- emince in wiokedness to Tom Bowman. He was, in fact, what is oommonly known as " a hard case." Of his antecedents we knew no thing, save that he had at one time been second mate of a collier, and, to tell the truth, nobody cared much to ask, for although not exactly of a quarrelsome disposition, with ' him it was a word and a blow, and, as the saying goes, the blow frequently came first. As I said, we were busy firing the outly ing scrub, Tom next to me, and had al ready got a narrow belt of it into a blaze, when a sudden ejaculation from Tom caused me to look whose he pointed. On the very crown of the ridge, blinded by the smolie and dazed by the inferndl din be hind her, was a black gin, bearing a burden (we oould not see what) in her arms, And staggering onward over the broken ground down the Bide of the hill. Terror lent hjer strength, but even that could not cope with the pitiless foe in her rear. With a swish and a roar, the fierce flames swept over the ridge, licking up the scant herbage and the dried up brushwood, and running like fiery serpents upthe trees that stood in their on ward path. Fast as the poor creature flew, they flew faster, and, with groans of com miseration, we saw that in a few moments she must fall a victim to their resistless power. I saw Tom clench his hands. I saw his lips quiver nervously, his eyes glisten with a mar vellous light, and the next instant, with an oath so terrible that I don't like to repeat it, he Bhouted : "I oan't stand this, to see a woman roasted before my eyes, and not raise a hand to try to save her. No, not Tom Bowman." And, with a leap like that of a deer, he da&hed; through the burning bush, and darted forward to meet her. We saw his intent. It was to reach her ere the fire overtook her, and, if he could, either carry or drag her within the burnt up space. ... But it was not to be. He was not a dozen yards from her when, Minded, suffocated, ex hausted, she staggered, recovered herself bufe for an instant, tottered, fell, even on the very edge of the charred and smouldering ring, and the next instant the flames had lapped her in their fiery tongues. We, tffat is, the boss, myself, and Dutch Fred, had followed Tom in his madraoe. When we reached him, the fire had parted, and he stood pensively gazing downward at ;wr'/raatB-re whose life he had striven so — the falling flakes of charred wood and. leaves, scarred and blistered by the fervent heat, his hair, beard, and eyebrows singed off, his clothing burnt and torn to rags, and bis very boots shrivelled on hi3 feet, he. stood silent, sorrowful. At last he spoke. " Mates," he said — and it was in a won derfully soft, sad voioe, and almost apolo getically— ' I done what I could. I tried to save the poor thiDg, but I couldn't. I done what I could." She lay, face downward, partly enveloped in a shrivelled up 'possum rug, and silently we tunned her over to look at hor face. She was quite young— not mpre than eighteen, and, clasped to her bosom with a convnlsive clutch, was a bundle wrapped in a piece of old blanket. - "By thunder 1" ejaculated Tom," it's a _ babby she has. Blame mo,, if it ain't a pic caninny." It was even so. The hapless girl had evidently been absent from the camp when the blaoks had set the bush alight, had been surprised by the fire, and had fled before it. And, when unable to go further, and over taken by the flames, she had covered up the little one with her body, and bo saved it3 life. Some folk3 say that blacks have no souls. I don't believe it. Others Bay they have no feelings or natural affection. I don't believe that either. Here, at all events, was a.proof of maternal love, and of maternal instinct, Btrong in death. Had she sacrificed her child to her own safety, had she thrown it down in her mad race for life, the cbanoes are that Bhe would have reached our haven of refuge. But no, she loved her baby boy with the unspeakable depth of a mother's love, and she had given her life for his. We buried her where she lay, and Tom adopted the baby. "Mates," he said, In a husky voice, "I tried my best to save the mother, and failed. I'll take the kid, and do the fair thing by him." ' And ha did. He kept him till ho died, three years since. Gored by a wild cow he was, out Mudgee way. I was mates with him " at the time. He left the youngster to me, and I've had him ever 'since. That's my story. _ And I soy this, that Tom Bowman, standing there over that poor girl as he did ; scorched,' blackened, bleeding, blistered, was a true hero. At any rate, he was my hero. Poor Tom. Rowdy, ramping, ignorant, tearing, swearing, drinking, fighting Tom. In the black list against him there will be at least one" big, white, shining mark, for we are told in the good Book what One, whose name I don't care to mention in a yarn, said, of a certain big sinner ; and the same may be said of Tom—" He done what he could." Education is often valued, not for itself, but merely as a Btepping-stone to wealth. 'We give it to the "young, and they take it not so much that they may beeome through it ' better, nobler, happier, and more useful men and women, as they may gain the power of rising from a lower to a higher1 station, from poverty to mediocrity, or from mediocrity to wealth. Thus the education that fits them only to adorn a humble position happily and contentedly, instead of cultivating ambitious longings, that cherishes health and strength of body and fills the mind with resources for its own activity and power for its own development, without any direct reference to amassing a fortune, is too often neglected for narrower and shallower instruction. Is not the mind more than- the purse? Shall we sell the one to fill the o ther, or Bhall wo rather spend freely of our gold to build up the intel- lect. to cultivate the taste, to fortify the principles? . 0 Roberson's 'Medium.- (Y' on.tuuiriV) " Well — but you won't laugh at me, will ' - you, Mauve ? I'm really in earnest, you know ; and if you only want to make a joke of it, I won't go on." " Don't you see how serious I am ?" " Well some of the spirits did tell me very, wonderful things. Do you remember \- that picture that I painted a year ago last winter — peas and asparagus and Bermuda potatoes and strawberries grouped around a shad — that I called ' The First Breath of Spring ?- I don't think that you can have forgotten it, for it was a noble work. Well, the spirit of Jan Weenix told me to paint that picture, and promised me that it would bring me fortune and fame." \- "Why, I saw it in your studio only yesterday, with a lot of other stuff piled up in a corner. Not much fame or fortune there, apparently. If that's the sort of game that the spirits come on you, I should say that they talk- like Ananias and Sapphira." "Hush! Don't speak that way, please. We never know what Form hovers near." (Roberson said this so earnestly that, in- , voluntarily, Rowney glanced over his shoulder.) "It is true that the promise . made by the spirit of Jan Weenix has not yet been fulfilled ; but you know there's no telling at what moment it will be. Every time that I hear a strange step on the stairs, I say to myself, 4 He comes ! The Purchaser comes — and with him come \- Fortune and Fame !' And though I'm 1 bound to admit I haven't seen the least sign of him yet, that only assures me that I have so much the less time to wait for .:i'- his coming. 44 Yes, I believe in the spirits thoroughly, Mauve. Every action of my life for years past has been guided by them. And I believe that it is because I have-not their guidance in this great matter of my love that I am going all wrong." \- " What's the reason they won't guide you now ? Have you had a row with 'em?" "I do wish that you wouldn't speak in < that irreverent way. No ; the trouble is that -the medium whom I have been in the habit" of consulting for years has — has gone away. In point of fact, " Roberson blushed a little, " he has been arrested for swind ling. It is a great outrage, of course, and I am desperately sorry for him. But I am more sorry for myself. You see, getting a hew medium is a very .difficult matter. It i3 not only that he must be a good medium intrinsically, but he must possess a nature that easily becomes en rapport with mine. When I began this conversa tion it was in the faint hope that you also might be a believer and might be able to help me in my quest ; but I see now that this hope has no foundation. I must search on, alone : and until I find what I require I shall tos3 aimlessly upon the ocean of life like a rudderless ship in a storm. Don't think me ungrateful, old man, be cause I am so melancholy. Your sym pathy "lias cheered me up ever so much. Indeed, I haven't been so light-hearted since I don't know when." And with tears in his eyes and sorrow stamped upon every line of his face, Roberson gently minced his way out of the room. "I say, Roberson," Rowney called after him, 44 I've a notion that I know a medium who is just the v.ery card you want. I'll look him up, and if he's what I think he is, I'll pass him along to you. " 44 Oh, thank you, thank you very much, Mauve, " said Roberson, putting his head in at the door again. "It's ever so good of you to think of taking this trouble on my account. But if you find me a new medium — a good one, you know, that I can trust implicitly — you really will make a new man of me and uttering these continued to sit and smoke in the big chair. During this period he grinned frequently, and once he laughed aloud. When at last he stood up and knocked the ashes from his pipe, it was with the satis fied air of a man who has formulated an Idea. At the outset of this narrative the fact has been mentioned that Violet Carmine was a pickle. The additional fact may be appropriately mentioned here that a, resi dence of five months in the' stimulating abiuuspuere or new xorit nau not Dy any means tended to make her less pickle- aome. Except in the case of Mr. Mangan BrOwn, who stood by ljer loyally, she was the despair .of the Eleventh street house hold, and she wasnotfavorablycommented upon, abroad. .. After that dinner at the Gamboges', — when Violet flirted so out rageously with young Orpiment that even Verona's placid spirit was ruffled, — Mis. Gamboge said to Mr. Gamboge, in the privacy of their own chamber, that she was very sure that this wild Mexican-Irish girl would bring all their grey hairs down in sorrow to the grave. Mr. Gamboge, who had rather a soft- spot in his heart for Violet, and to whom the mystery of Miss Caledonia's back-hair was a mystery no longer, glanced shrewdly at the toilet- table, grinned in a manner that was highly exasperating, and made no reply. Mr. Gamboge regretted' his adoption of this line of rejoinder ; but Mrs. Gamboge ' —having suffered peace to be restored when she found herself in possession of the India shawl for which her heart had . panted all winter long— inclined to the opinion that brutality was not without its compensating advantages, after all. \- And being a pickle, Violet threw her self heart and soul into the part assigned to her by Rowney Mauve in the realiza tion of his idea. v " It's delightful, Rowney." (" Mamma always used to call her gentlemen friends at Fort Leavenworth by their first names, Cousin Mangan. I am sure that you might let mo do what mamma did," Miss : Carmine had observed with dignity when Mr. Mangan had suggested to her one day that this somewhat uncermonious mode of address might be modified ad vantageously. i- " It's .delightful, Rowney. Really, I didn't think that you- had the wit to think of doing anything so funny. Of course, I'll keep as dark about it as possible. If that sweet little Rose were to get wind of it, I believe she'd faint ; and funny little old Cousin Caledonia would have a fit; and Van would be seriously horrified and disagreeable. And even Cousin Mangan, who is the dearest dear that ever was, . Wouldn't like it, and he'd end by coaxing me out of it, I'm sure. And I don't want to be coaxed out of it, Rowney, for it will be the best bit of fun that I ever had any thing to do- with. But I'll have to have somebody along, you know. And I'll tell you who it will be — that nice Rose d'Antimoine ! She's just as bad as they all say I am — I don't think that I'm very bad, Rowney ; do you ? — only she's sly, and knows how to pretend that she isn't. May I tell her about it, and ask her to : take a hand ? You'd better say 4 Yes,' for unless she comes in I'll stay out, you know." Rowney, who though acquainted only with the society of young American ' women, was unacquainted with the natural : young American womau's instinct of aclf- \- preservation, which Is most shrewdly manifested in her determination alway3 to have one of her sex with her in her esca pades, was rather staggered by this pro position, and was disposad to raise objec tions to it. But Miss Carmine gave him to understand in short order that his ob jections could not be entertained for a moment. He would do what she wanted, she told him decidedly, or he would not do anything at all ; and Rowney, not al together unwillingly, for he did not want to get Violet into a scrape, gave in. Therefore, the aid of. Madame d'Anti moine was sought, and was given with effusion, for marriage had not tended to make her take a view of life much more serious than that which she had enter tained when her scandalous flirtation with the 41 Marquis" had driven poor Jaune almost to extremities. So these three lively young people laid their reprehen sible heads together — and if Roberson's ears did not burn, it was no fault of theirs. . It was the morning after this conference that Rowney Mauve dropped in upon Roberson in his studio. 44 Oh, I'm glad to see you, Mauve," said Roberson. 44 1 was just wishing for somebody to come in to tell me about this thing. I'm not satisfied with it exactly, and yet I don't know what there is wrong about it, either. I must explain, though, what I'm driving at. I call it 4 The Real and the Ideal ' — though I've been think ing that possibly 4 High Life and Low Life ' will be better. On this side, you see, 1 have a pile of turnips and a cabbage and a mackerel, and on this side a vase of roses and a glass globe with gold-fish in it. The idea's -capital — contrast, and that sort of thing, you know. But somehow the pic ture don't seem to come together. I've changed the composition twoorthree times, but I don't seem to get what I want. . I do wish that you'd give your advice about it. What you honestly think, you know." 44 To tell the truth, Robertson, the way you've got it now, — the things all along in a row like that,— it looks a good deal like ninepins after the first ball has cracked into 'em." "-No ? does it though ? Why, I do be lieve you're right, Mau\je. I've been thinking myself that perhaps the things were too scattery. And yet, I think there's good effect in the way that they rise gradually from this one turnip here on the left to the rosos on the right. I can't paint out those roses again, they're too good. Don't you think that they're better than Lailibdin's ? I drt But I might move the globe of gold-fish over to the left, and then have the mackerel and the vegetables along in a row between it and the roses. How do you think that would do ? I've got to do something in a hurry, for the mackerel I am using for a model i3 beginning to smell horribly. I hope you don't find it very bad. I put carbolic acid over it this morning. Oh, dear ! Mauve, I don't seem to be able to do anything in these days, now — now," and Robertson's voice became lower, and had a tone of awe in it, 44 that I no longer have a Guide, you know." 44 That's just what I came to speak to you .about, Roberson." 44 Goodness gracious ! Mauve, you don't mean to say that you have — that you have found a Medium ? " exclaimed Roberson - in great excitement, springing up from his chair, and dropping his palette and maulstick with a clatter. 44 That is just what I do mean to say, old man ; but I wish that you would'nt jump around so. It disturbs the atmos phere, and fans the fish, you know." 44 Oh 1 I beg your pardon. Just wait a minute and I'll put some more carhpjh?- — ASTfc iL-oiliy a good medium ? Have -you tested him ? Is he knocks, or voice, "or a slate ? is he " 44 He isn't a 4 he ' at all : he's a she." "A 'she?'" - ; "Yes; a woman medium, you know."" 44 Oh," said Roberson, doubtfully, and with less brightness in his face, 44 I've j never tried a woman medium. Do you think they're apt to be as good as men ? " 44 Not as a rule," Rowney answered, in the grave, careful tone of one who had given the subject a very thorough investi gation and whose decision was final. 44 No, not as a rule ; but, as an exception, yes. Dugald Stewart, in his admirable chapter on clairvoyance, — spiritualism hadn't come up in his day, you know, — says that 4 the delicate, super- sensitive nerve-fibre of women renders them fat more keenly acute to psychic influences than are men. It is for this reason that women, and women only, have given us trustworthy evidences of clairvoyant phe nomena. ' _ The eminent Professor Crookes, during his recent exhaustive and most fruitful experiments upon the element to which he has given the name of psychic force, has arrived at a conclusion which substantially is identical with that arrived at by the great Scotch philosopher. He shys, clearly and positively : 4 While the. majority of my experiments with women have been failures, it is a notable fact that of all my experiments, the only ones, which have been completely and entirely satisfactory have been those in. which the- operating force was a woman ; and from this fact I conclude that only "in the ex quisitely sensitive nervous structure of women can proper media for the most interesting, most astonishing class of psychic phenomena be found.' Now, what can you say ' in opposition to this positively expressed opinion of 'the great 'English scientist ? Surely, Roberson, you will not have the temerity, hot to say the, downright impudence, to set up your ; opinion, based only on your own meagre experience, against that of this profound investigator,— against the dictum of the man who has invented the Radiometer ? " Roberson was greatly astonished, as well as greatly impressed, by this eloquent and learned outburst ; and he was a good deal puzzled later, when his most diligent search through the works of the authors named failed to discover the passages, or anything at all like them, that Rowney had quoted. 44 What a wonderful fellow you are, Mauve !" he said admiringly. 44 1 had no idea that you had gone into the matter in this serious way. " "Well, when I set out to know any- ! thing, I do like to know it pretty thor oughly," Rowney answered airily. 44 But : I hope that what I've said has weakened i your prejudice against women mediums.. .-i A man of your strong intellect, Roberson--. : lias no right to entertain a prejudice like i that. Of course, though, if you don't ; believe in women mediums, we will say : no more about this one that I have found for you.". 44 Oh, please don't speak that - way, \ Mauve; I see that I have beph very ; foolish, and I want to meet this one yery ' ! much indeed. Who is she?" ' j 4 4 She's a Thcosoph." 44 A what?" . ; 44 A Theo3oph — a member of that won- derful and mysterious Oriental Cult that I Madame Polavatslcy lias expounded so j ably. But of courao you know all about ! Theosophism." 44 1— I know about it in a general way, you know. It's, something like animal magnetism, isn't it ? " 44 Yes, it's something of that general nature"— Rowney found that he was get ting into rather deep water himself, and ' he floundered a little in getting out of it. 44 Yes, it's like animal magnetism in a general sort of way. And having this magnetic basis, you see, of course it affords a wonderfully perfect channel for com munication with the spirit world." 44 Qf course," Roberson assented. 4 4 And this particular medium, " Rowney continued, speaking with confidence again, ! now that the awkward turn in the conver- sation was safely past, 4 4 is without excep- tion the most extraordinary medium that ! even Theosophism has produced. She 1 does everything that ordinary mediums ! do, and some most astonishing things that they don't- Of. course you've seen materializations, Roberson ? " 44 Oh, ye3, repeatedly." 44 But of people who were dead ? " 44 Of course." 44 Well, this Theosoph will show you, will actually show you; materializations of the living ! " 4 4 You don't say!" said RoberSon, greatly interested. 4 4 It's a fact, I assure you. Thi3 has never been done before, and even she has been able to do it only fecently — after twelve years of study among the- -oldest Pajamas of the Cult in India. It's won derful ! And, what is more, she can materialize inanimate objects— can make things in distant places appear visibly be fore your eyes. Of course she can do the trance business, and knocks, and Blate- writing, and all that sort of thing, you might say, with one hand." 44 Wonderful ! — Wonderful 1" ex claimed Robertson. 4 4 Right you are, my boy. She is the most wonderful medium that the world, at least the Western world, has ever known. She is — she is what a Colorado person would call a regular daisy, and no mistake ! " 44 And when can. I see her, and where ? Oh, Mauye, my heart is beginning to brighten again. I'm sure that she will set me in the right way again about my pic tures and — and about Yiolet, you know." It was with some difficulty that Rowney restrained his strong desire to box Rober son's ears for this free use of Miss Car mine's name. 44 But he did restrain him self, and answered : 44 You shall see her this very night, and in my studio. She is here in New York only for a day or two — she starts for India again at the end of this week — and has no regular place for her se'ances, so I have arranged with her . to come to my studio this evening at eight o'clock. Wiil that suit you ? ' 44 Yes, yes ; and thank you a thousand times, Mauve. I shall be grateful to you all my life for what you have done." 44 Will you, though ? Don't be too sure about that," said Rowney, with a queer smile. 44 Good-bye till eight o'clock. Phew ! how that fish does speak for it self I" Egyptian darkness reigned in Rowney24 Mauve's studio when Roberson entered it at eight o'clock that evening. Roberson did not more than half like this gloom and mystery. Rowney, leading him to a seat, felt that he. was trembling. 4 4 Has the Indian lady come yet ?" he asked in a shaky voice. 44 The Theosoph? Yes, here she is. Permit me to present to you, Madam, an earnest seeker after truth." 44 It is well," was answered in a deep voice, that quavered as though with sup- "earhW seexci-r"' IShafc— 44 Now crack away and ask about the picture. ' You'd better begin with that, and take the other matter forward," Row ney whispered. 44 Mustn't I call up an advising spirit first ? That's the usual way of beginning a seance, you know." 44 Oh, of course ; that's what I meant you to do," Rowney answered, in some slight confusion. 44 Is the spirit of Jan Weenix present ?" asked Roberson. There was a regular volley of raps, and then the deep voice answered, 44 He is !" ("JiS'is; there is no sex in spirits," murmured Rowney, sotto. voce.) 44 1 am ever so glad to meet you again," Roberson said, quite in the tone of one truu giccto au yiu j. j.u. aiioci cv ; separation. 44 I'm dreadfully muddled : about this new picture of mine — 4 High Life and Low Life,' you know. Won't | you please tell me what I must do to get' : it right ?" 44 Behold it as the great Weenix him- 1 self has painted it !" and the deep voice | was deeper, and also shakier, than ever. 44 Now you will see one of the wonder- | "ful materializations that I told you ! -about," Rowney whispered. 44 Only the : most highly gifted even of the Theosophs , can do this sort of thing. Look !" In one corner of the room there ap peared a soft, hazy glow, covering a space of about three feet square. The haze ;passed slowly away, and as the brightness ; increased a picture became visible. It was : Roberson's- picture, sure enough ! but the i -composition had been modified materially. : The rose- bush was in the centre ; on one s ;side of it was the glass globe filled with I vegetables ; on the other side was the jj "mackerel, standing straight up on its tail ; | while the four gold-fish, standing on their j tails and touching fins, were circling | ; around it in a waltz. | 44 Oh ! " was all that Roberson could j ;say on beholding this astonishing rc-ar- | :rangement of his work, i " Now, isn't that wonderful ? " Rowney j -asked impressively. " "Ye- cs, it certainly is," Roberson an- j iswered, with hesitation. 4 4 At least,' it's very wonderful as a materialisation ; in- . -deed, Ineversawanythinglike.it. But — but really, you know, Mauve, this ar- :rangement of the picture is a most extra- ; -ordinary one. Is it possible, do you think, that a malignant spirit has obtained control of the medium ? . You know that does happen sometimes." 44 Like getting the wrong fellow at the. telephone ?" suggested Rowney. 44 Precisely," Roberson answered. 44 And what do you do then ? With the 'telephone you ring for the exchange again and swear at them. But that wouldn't do with the spirits, I suppose." 44 Of course not," said Roberson, agood deal liorrifiecL 44 No; the proper thing to do when this happens is to drop all- at tempts to communicate "with the spirit that has been called, and the effort of which to come lias been frustrated, and ( 'to continue the seance with others less fsusceptible to malignant influences." 44 With the Theosophs the custom dif- rfers a little. Being more potent than or- dinary mediums, they usually insist upon" the attendance of the spirit called. Still, :it might be well in tliis case to adopt the ;plan thaifyou mention. Suppose you go .right ahead and demand a materialisation of Miss Carmine and then have things out with her 1 " 44 You don't mean to say that the medium can do that ? " \- 44 Indeed 1 do." Didn't I tell you that these Theosophs could materialise living people ? You don't seem" to understand, Roberson, what a tremendous power is here at our command. But I'll manage itforyou." -And Rowney continued, in a deep, solemn tone, 44 Madam, I con jure you to compel the visible presence of the spirit of Yiolet Carmine ! " As Rowney ceased speaking, the riia- terialised picture vanished, the hazy light , disappeared, and profound darkness came again. Then the phenomenon of the gradual appearance of the light was re- J peated ; hut this time they held behind the misty veil, not Roberson's recon structed picture, but the wraith of Yiolet herself ! Oddly enough, the beautiful ap parition seemed to be doing its best not to laugh. Roberson was so overpowered by -this astounding sight that lie was speechless. It was monstrous, this awful power that could subject a living being to its sway, so far beyond anything that he ever had encountered in the course of his spiritual investigations, that a great fear seized him. Cold perspiration started upon his forehead, and his knees shook. 4 4 Well, you goose, now that I'm here, haven't you anything to say for yourself ? Can't you even ask me about what people eat in Mexico ? " Voice, tone, and man ner were Violet s to the life. It was too much for Roberson. His demoralisation was complete. 4 4 Mauve! Mauve ! for heaven's sake help, me to get away ! This is no ordinary medium. It is the very Power of Evil that we have invoked !" 44 That's a pretty compliment to pay a lady, now, isn't it ? " and the apparition spoke with a certain amount of sharpness. 44 As I didn't come here to be called bad names, I shall leave ; and the next time that you have a chance to speak to me, you will be apt to know it, my lad ! With these decisive words, Miss Carmine's wraith faded away, and the misty light slowly vanished into darkness. ' . 44 Oh, take me away ! take me away !" moaned Roberson feebly. Jn his terror lie had sunk down in a. little heap of misery upon the floor. . " 44 All right, old man. Just wait half a minute, though, until I speak a word to the Theosoph." Roberson heard Rowney cross the room, perceived a momentary gleam of light — such as might come when a curtain that conceals a lamp is quickly raised . and quickly dropped again — and then came the sound of whispering. Roberson's fear was leaving him a little now ; bub in the darkness, without Rowney to guide him, he did not dare to stir. Suddenly ; the whispering became audible. "'You shan't ! Go away ! " 44 1, shall! I can't help, it ! You've no idea what a lovely ghost you made !" Then there was a sound of a scuffle that ended in a cr.-Hi, and there, seen in a blaze of light over the fallen screen, was Rowney Mauve in the very act of kissing Violet Carmine. The whole apparatus of the trick was disclosed. In the part of the screen that remained standing was the square hole where the picture had been visible ; and the gradual coming and going of the light, and its mistiness, were accounted for by the dozen or so of gauze curtains, arranged to draw back one by one. And there was the picture itself — even more shocking when seen clearly than when hidden by the misty veil. On the outer side of tlio screen, Where she \- " I-- — fl-r-1 i-vrHing ?fnnr1 TXnao- uJATiliinoine. As he sat there on the floor and per ceived by these several- disclosures how careful the preparations bad been for making a fool of liim, and as he painfully realized how admirably well he had been fooled, fear ceased to hold possession of Roberson,' and spiteful rage took its place. I4 It's a nasty, mean trick' that you have played on me ; and I'll get even with yon for it, see if I don't ! You ought to he ashamed of yourselves, every one of you ; and I'll make you ashamed, too, before I ..get through with you. " " 44 Oh, come, now, old fellow, it was only a joke, you know. Don't be un reasonable about it and raise a row." a 44 You' may think it a joke, Mauve, to have these ladies here at your studio at night, and to go on in that scandalous way with Miss Carmine ; but I don't think tliat either Mr. d'Antimoine or Mr. Brown will see much of a joke in it ! Oh," you'll all repent this ! I'll teach you to play tricks ! 1 II, nx yon, you mean things !" Roberson's voice, never a deep one, rose to a shrill treble as he delivered these threats, and in a perfect little whirl objfury he rushed out of the room. The fact must he admitted that the three conspirators, being thus delivered . over into the hands of their intended vic tim, were pretty badly crest-fallen. "They knew that Roberson certainly had it in his power to make things exceedingly un pleasant for them ; and they knew, too, that, he certainly intended to use his power to the very uttermost. Decidedly the out look was riot a cheerful one. As they left the studio and the wreck of their spirit-raising apparatus, they all three were in a chastened and melancholy frame of mind. 44 There's been a dreadful rumpus, Row ney," Violet said when, as they had agreed, they met in the friendly shelter of Madame d'Antimoine's. drawing-room the next afternoon. 44 That mean little Roberson lias told everybody everything, and. — and hot water's no name for it ! Mr. and Mrs. d'Antimoine have had . a regular squabble, though they've made things up now ; and Rose has been crying till her lovely blue eyes are all swollen and ugly ; and Van is in a perfect Apache rage ; and Verona is dignifiedly disagreeable ; and little Mrs. Gamboge got so excited and in dignant that her back-hair all went crooked and nearly came off, and she had to go upstairs and fix it ; and dear little Mr. Gamboge looks solerimly at me, and I heard him say as I came by the parlor door; 44 1 am sure that Mr. Orpiment would not have hesitated to characterize such conduct "as highly reprehensible.' And the wo-worst of all, Rowney," andViolet's voice broke, and her eyes had tears in them, 4 4 is that Cousin Mangan won't get comfortably angry and have it out with me, but is just miserable and mopes. All that he said to me was, 4 Mr. Roberson has told me something that I have been very sorry to hear, my child,' and liis - voice didn't sound right, and I know that he wanted to cry. Oh, Rowney, I'm the most wretched girl in the world ! " , Rowney was feeling pretty low in his mind already, and this frank avowal of her misery by Violet made him feel a great deal lower ; and he was cut the more keenly because neither by her words nor her manner did she imply that he was the cause of it — as he most certainly was. 44 1 am very, very sorry," he said. 44 Yes, I'm sure you are, Rowney ; and it's ever so good of you, you dear boy. You see — you see," and Violet blushed delightfully, 44 what upsets them all is J our — your kissing me that way. Of course I know that you didn't mean any thing by it, and I'm sure I don't see why tjiev make such a fuss about it. Mannna lias" told me that several of her gentlemen friends at Fort Leavenworth used to kiss her whenever they got a chance, and that , she always used to box their ears whenever they did it.S Now I wonder," Violet con tinued, struck by a happy thought; 44 1 wonder if it's because I didn't box your ears that they all object to it so ? Be- ' cause if it is, you know, I might do it yet ; Shall -I ? " and she looked at him half in quiringly, half with a most bewitching sauciness. The comfort of telling her troubles to so sympathetic a listener was having" a very reviving effect upon her. She certainly did not look at all like the most wretched girl in the world now. Rowney moved a little closer to her — they were sitting . on the sofa — and -took her hand in his. 44 Violet ! " She started. He never had called, her Violet before. But she did not take away her hand. 44 Violet ! " Rowney's voice had not its usual mocking tone, but was quite grave, and had a strange ring of tenderness in it. 44 My little girl, there's just one way for me to get you out of the scrape, that I've -'got you Into, and that's to marry you May I?" . ">- 44 Oh, Rowney ! Do you mean to run away with me?" ""Well, I hadn't exactly, contemplated running away with you, I confess," said Rowney, grinning a little in spite of him self. 44 Hadn't you, though?" Violet an swered, with a touch- of disappointment. 44 Why, grandpapa ran away with grand mamma, and they had a lovely time. "Colonel Smalt, that was grandmamma's, father, yo.u know, started right out after them with dogs and a shot-gun, and chased them, for two whole days. And at last tliey came to a river that, they had to swim their horses across, and the Colonel, who wasfe close behind them, swam after tliem. And hishorsewasdeadbeat, and couldn't swim ; and the Colonel would have been drowned if grandpapa had notcomebackand rescued him. And the Colonel insisted upon fighting grandpapa right there in the water, and he did cut him pretty badly ; and it was not until grandpapa held liim underwater .until he was nearly drowned that the Colonel gave in. And then grandpapa car ried liim safely ashore, and after that, of course, they were the best of friends. Wasn't it all delightful ? I've heard mamma say again and again how much she wa,s disappointed because papa did not run away with her. So don't you think, don't you really think, Rowney", that you'd better run away with me, dear ? " 44 And have Mr. Mangan Brown and Van and Mr. Gamboge galloping after us, and swimming the Hudson, and peppering us with shot-guns 1 " 44 Yes ! yes ; Oh, do do it, Rowney. -It would be such splendid fun, and would be so very romantic ! " 44 All right. If you really want to run away, I'd just as lief have things arranged that way as any other, and it certainly will ssve a lot of trouble. But don't count too much on the shot-guns, for I don't think it probable that Mr. Mangan Brown and Mr. Gamboge will come out strong in that direction ; it isn't exactly their line. And now let me have a kiss ; just one to— make it a bargain, you know." And Madame d'Antimoine, coming in at this moment, assumed an air of stately benevolence and said, 44 Ah, my children, is it thus ? Let me then give, to vou_the. -umuo, no-ta-aoneDy the gooa mamma in the play!" Mr. Mangan Brown did not adopt the shot-gun policy. Indeed, this policy was rendered impracticable by the fact that Rowney and Violet, immediately upon ac complishing their marriage, did their run ning away on board of Rowney's yacht — a mode of departing that Violet approved of rapturously, because, as she said with much truth, 4 4 it was so like eloping with a real pirate." But Mr. Mangan felt pretty dismal over it, and wrote a very apologetic account of his stewardship to Senor Carmine. He tried to make the best of things, of course, pointing out that in the matters of family and fortune Row ney really was quite a desirable son-in- law ; but even after he had made the best of it, he could not help admitting to himself that the situation was one that a prudent parent scarcely could he expected very heartily to enjoy. And he was most agreeablysurprised, therefore, a month or so later, when Senor Carmine's letter escaped from the Mexican post- office and came to him laden with olive- branches instead of the thunderbolts which he had feared. Violet's father was not angry ; on the contrary, he seemed to nrt liirfli Itr nlaoenrl " Ina ovool 1 onl match" that his daughter had made, and expressed his unqualified approval of the 4 4 spirited way" in which she had made it. 4 4 She "has done honor to herself, to her mother, and to the education that she lias received," Senor Carmine declared, 44 and we are very grateful to you for giving her the opportunity that she has so well improved." The letter concluded with a most urgent invitation for Mr. Mangan to come down for six months or a year, and to bring with him Mr. and Mrs. Gamboge, Van and Rose, Verona and young Orpiment, and Monsieur and Madame d'Antimoine — with all of whom, this hospitable Mexican gentleman wrote, he had made a very pleasant acquaintance in his daughter's letters. And inclosed in this communication was a note, signed Brigida 0 Jara de Carmine, . of which the theme was a breezy laudation of the love that defies conventionalities and laughs at . locksmiths and is the true parent of romance 1 - - - - 44 Well, since they take it this way," said Mr. Mangan Brown, with a great sigh of relief, as he laid down the letters, 44 1 must say that I'm glad she's gone. At my time of life close association with such a — such a very volcanic young woman as Violet is — is rather overwhelming. It's like being the Czar of Russia arid having the leading Nihilist right in the house-- with me. And it is a great comfort, just when I thought that everything was end ing shockingly, to find that everything has ended pleasantly. For — except that Violet lias left that confounded parrot be hind her — everything 7ias ended plear- santly,. after all." And only Roberson, among those who had enjoyed the rather mixed pleasure of Mis3 Carmine's acquaintance during her sojourn in New York, dissented from the optimistic view of the situation thus formulated by Mr. Mangan Brown. In this matter Roberson was not optimistic : he was a pessimist of the- deepest dye.. When he came to know what a boomerang his revenge had turned out to be, he forswore both love and spiritualism, and settled down to art with the stony calmness of despair. And it is a noticeable fact— though a fact not unparalleled— that the longer he painted the more abominably bad his slill- lifes were ? Ivojry biiaok, in Harpers Magazine. 