INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. VICTORIA. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS.) MELBOURNE, Jan. 8. A caucus of the Liberal party to con sider the political situation is called for Thursday at the Chief Secretary's office, when Mr. Berry will explain the action of the Government, and advise on the future policy of the party. It is anticipated that dissatisfaction will be expressed, and it is understood that it will be decided to have nothing to do with any further coalition. The wharf labourers' strike still con tinues, and no material changes have yet taken place, both parties being still firm and determined to fight it out. Some fifty men arrived by the steamer Victoria from Adelaide to- night end are quartered on Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co.'s large steamer Corangamite, to await distribution amongst the various vessels waiting toload. Some of the Union men had pickets stationed all over the bay and river to watch operations,but they did not interfere beyond noting the new arrivals, viho are of an inferior description. A number of vessels are being loaded with scratch crews with difficulty. and further devtlop ment awaited with anxiety. Large supplies of men are reported to be coming forward from South Australia and New Zealand. The plasterers' strike is likely to be settled amicably, the majority of em ployers having already conceded to the men's terms. Only four employers now hold out against the terms. The Railway Commissioners have pro vided refrigerating trucks on the principal lines throughout the colony for conveyance of perishable products, such as fruit and fish, to the central markets. Special re frigerating trucks have also been provided on the Gippsland line, for conveyance of fish to the metropolitan market, and are said to work admirably. A publican at Richmond, who was recently fined ;.20 for allowing "a shilling in and the winner to shout" to be played on his licensed premises, appealed against the decision of the local magistrates, but Judge IHiginbotham ruled the game to be unlawful, and upheld the decision of.the Police Court. Extremely inclement weather has pro vailed during the last two days, and it has been raining heavily all over the country, resulting in serious floods, and the destruc tion of a large amount of property. The sudden and complete character of the change that has taken place may be jUdgdd from the fact that three days ago the country was overrun with bushfires. The contemplated strike amongst the sugar sorters and millers is understood to be on the eve of a satisfactory settle ment. A wharf labourer named Henry was fined 45 at the Police Court to-day, for assaulting an employe of Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Company, who had assisted ip loading vessels. A welcher and blackleg, named John Cohen, was sentenced to three months' im prisonment to-day, for assaulting Detective O'Donnell in Bourko-street on Christmas morning. Mr. L. S. Fort, formerly Private Sec retary to Major-General Scratohloy, has been appointed aide-de-camp to Sir H. B. Loch, Governor of Victoria, in place of Lord Castlereoso, who returned to England on private business by the la.t mail steamer. The Victorian Club ace Mseeting has been postponed from to-morrow, in conse quence of the weather, until next Satur day, The Australian Eleven will leave for England by the Austral on 19th Iarch next. Mr. Campbell, Postmaster-General, has given the necessary two years' notice for the termination of the existin:' oceaq postal contract, in view of the new arrange ulento just entered into in t ondond~ The Australian Mortage iad Agency Company Limited report ;We offered to: day 2620 bales ol vqol, and 1old l~80. The prices were uqaltgred 'g rahly' but lambs are weaker. Gregsy will hold up to 9id per lb. For 100 bales To6ma scouted wd obtained up to }5]d; there was no superior quality of washed fleece offered.' 