Brevities; Line to Gondagai progressing. - Socialists still busy in Belgium. 'Frisco mail leaves on Thursday. Who will be Chairman of Committees ? YankaliUa bank robbery still a mystery. . _ Sydney Change trees sellingreadily lnCoofctown. The British political peace- maker, ,Tohn -Bright. Bishop Moorhouse to speak in London on May 5. vJerman steamers to make Brisbano.a port of calL Orange cultivation becoming popular in Cobktown. New England blacks looking put few the .blankets. Banquet to the champion sculler to-morrow even if.M.S. Liguriato arrive from London on Thurs day. I arap-stealers at work on the Lane Cover River whhrves. Ti M.S. Austral left Adelaide for London at 8 p.m. yes' ?rday. Si earner Glaucua eafely floated, and towed, to loansviUe. MessageriesCo.'s R.M.S. Tarra left for Marseilles blii morning. .'mother seizure o£ 3000 cigars made yesterday by tide surveyor Wood. The Castlereagh Eiver from Combogolonp to Wal jett, 40 miles, is dry. Large bushfires have been raging in the hills to the South-east of Adelaide. Eainingto-day in Eaymond Terrace, Port Stephens, Newcastle, and Sydney. Tender for constructing line from Tenterfield to Queensland border accepted. The cricket match in Adelaide, Australian Eleven r. Combined Team, ended in a draw. The Miraly IMunicipal Council &£ls decided to borrow ^Bot'OU tor improvements in the borough. JVJelbonrne Teutons characteristically celebrated £h£ Imperial birthday by a general ' smoke.' ?/he ship John Dathie made the run to London in e;;^ity-ihree days, the Smyrna in ninety-efeht days. ? .ireatre^ret has been expressed by the ratepayers ri Ashfield at the ? resignation of Mr. C. Goodwin,, .verseer of works. The Eechabites of Ashfield celebrated their second anniversary last night by a tea meeting and concert. There was a large attendance. From our Auckland correspondent we learn that two children have been burned to death at the Thames in the absence of their parents. From a Brisbane correspondent we learn that Miss -Emelie Melville and Mr. G. Verdi have arrived there in the steamer Suez, from Japan. Several of tha passengers by the Blue Mountain tourist train yesterday are around with their bumps and braises. More actions for damages. 'Sir Daniel Cooper has leased the deer forest of Achnashellach, in West Bossshire (Scotland), at a rental of JE45Q0 a year. So the Englishpapers say. ''Have yon voted?' 'Yes.' 'Azidyou didn't get your head broken?' 'Not I ! Why do you ask such a question :' ' Because I hear there are a great many polls open on election day.' J^Tass meeting of railway employes in Protestant Hail to-night to protest against the circular issued by Mr. Goodchap xe the formation of an Amalgamated Bailway Employes' Association. The iron bridge over the Church-street railway crossing, Parramatta, is sufficiently completed to allow of the removal of the unsiphtly supports which formed part of the old wooden structure. . A Gl'oomy ProBpect. — The country round Walgett looks wretched, and cheerful faces among station owners are things of the past. ; Thus- sums ap a stock inspector on the state of affairs in his district. 'Why, didn't you assassinate, him?' 'Assass- inate him?' repeated the Colonel, with intense dis gust. ' Why, he is not a gentleman, sir. Too. don't suppose I would lower myself to assassinate a ruffian, do you : ' The New Zealand Government has refused to agree to the proposals submitted by Mr. John Pender, chairman ot the Eastern Extension ? Telegraph Com pany, with reference to the cable tariff between New Zealand and New South Wales. Mrs. Hugh Taylor, wife of the member for Parra jnatta, accompanied by ner two' sisters, was a pas senger in the train which met with the accident at Supertswood on Monday. Beyond receiving a severe £hakin?, the ladies were not injured. Last evening a lime-light entertainment was given fcyihe Eev. T. Nesbitt in the Presbyterian Church, Ashfield. * The building was crowded, and the : choir gang several pieces of ' music during the evening. The customary vote of thanks concluded the pro ceedings. The Government of Maoriland has appointed Mr. 'Moss, a member of the House of Representatives, and Mr. Seed, secretary to the Customs Department, to proceed to' Fiji on a confidential mission, which is supposed to concern the commercial relations of New Zealand and the islands. The price of real estate was under discussion at 'the -club, when one gentleman remarked, 'Jones, old boy, I know where you can buy just the nicest little home — splendid cottage, grand fruit trees, and all that — for a song.' ' Just my luck,' said Jones, '-£* I can't sing a note.' ' When a gentleman helps himself to a whole fowl, and having reduced it to a skeleton complains that it is all bone, and then asks for a helping of turkey, that gentleman may be said to be doing well. Such a. thing did occur at . No, wild horses would jiot succeed. The eighteenth annual session of the National IDiyisionySons or Temperance, began to-day, in the Temperance Hall. As on former occasions, repre sentatives of the press were not' admitted. Conse quently we are unable to give an account of the day's ?proceedings. ' ' Following is the report of the St. Vincent's Hos pital for the week ended March 20: — Number of Tiatients remaining1 in hospital at last report, 67 male3, 31 females; total, 98. Since admitted, 9 males, 3 females ; total, 12. Discharged, S males, 8 females ; total, 1G. Died, 1 female. Remaining in hospital, 6S males, 25 females; total, S3. Dr. Eenwick, the Minister of Education, accom panied by Mr. S. Burdekin, M.L.A.,. visited the ?training- Bhip Vernon on Monday afternoon. After making an inspection of the ship, and having seen the lioys put through their 'facines,' Dr. Ben wick expressed to Mr. W. H, Mason, the chief mate, the great pleasure he had derived from the visit, and the ^satisfaction he felt at finding the boys so -well trained «tnd instructed. It is the intention of -Dr. Benwick ioask Lord and Lady Carrington to visit the ship. On Monday night in the Town Hall, Parramatta, a presentation was made to Mr. S. J. Pearson, who for eighteen years has been manager of the local branch of the Commercial Bank, and who for twenty-five years has been in the service of the bank. Mr. Pearson and his wife are taking a twelvemonths' Jioliday, during which they will visit Enrope and :-Great Britain. The presentation, which consisted of a handsome address and a cheque for JE60, was made 'by Canon Gunther on behalf of the subscribers. Great consternation prevailed in Parramatta on Monday night when a rumor was spread that the Austral had foundered with all hands. On confirma tion of the disastrous report being Bought at the telegraph office, Mr. AVhite, the officer in charge, asked for information from Sydney ; but there all knowledge of the rumor was denied, and though the originator of the rumor could not 'be traced, the many anxious inquirers went home relieved. A meeting of the Shamrock Club was held in the Harist Bros.' schoolroom, Church-hill, on Monday night. Mr. Stapleton presided. All the members -enlarged upon tne aueceia wnicn naa attenaeapie joint celebration of the Irish societies. The action of-the Guilds in not falling in line -was severely com jnented upon.- Some points of order were raised and created discussion. Sonps were rendered and recita tions given. A- vote of thanks to the chairman; ?brought the meeting to a close. the Sacred Heart Literary and Delating Society held its weekly meeting on Thursday night, in Dar ^inghurst Hall. 'The -division took place on the adjourned debate, 'That a judicious system of pro ?tection would be of infinite advantage to this colony.' -Many of the ministerial-' supporters being absent at St. Patrick's banquet, the opposition nega tived the question. Mr. P. J. Dovaly announced the resignation of the ministry. Mr. J. P. T. Caulfield formed a ministry,- consisting of Messrs. Farrell, Williamson, and Taylor, and announced the debate for next night, 'That the time haB arrived for the abolition of the Legislative Council, as at. present constituted.' , , „ Excellent pastry, finest tea and coffee, zeady at all lionrs. Refreshment Rooms, Great Northern, Char lotte-place.— Adyt. Important Public Notice. — Lart week of J. J. Bran's great cost-price sale of drapery and clothing at the Arcade, George-street, Haymarket. Business commences each day at 10 o'clock. Come early. Great inducements this week — the last week of the cost-price sale. Come early to J. J. Ryan's Drapery and Clothing Arcade, George-street, Haymarket.— Advt. Dentistry. — Great redactions. A complete set from £5 5s. Aubrey Davis, dentist, Royal Arcade. — Advt. Artificial teeth, best quality, full sets £&. Teeth ?topped painlessly. Marshall Brothers, d«ntist», 133, jElizabetn-sfoeet, Hyde Park-.-rAi-vT.. „. A Bemarkable Fact. — The*n*^:SMeess*ttending the sale at Cameron's 82, Eing^tree^.^empnstrates the fact that the public fully perceives $he difference between a yearly, half-yearly, oedpther special catch iwle and a genuine forced cleari»feou't sale. .PremiBes coming down. — Advt. .'.?.-''. ?'}-??'.? Dr. Stanich f or car -and ey« disease; ConsulMng 1 ioomi »t50,Wynyard-square, fi(T-Iney.~Ai-vT. Tattersall's MonsterOonBultation, BoBehaiHandi «*d' now open, and filling fast. 2000 subscriber* of S(Ken. Ffet horwJSlOOO, 2nd ^300, 3rfl J6200/ starters -£250, non-starters .£250 diyidea.— Adtt. ? Tattersall'B Hawkesbary Autumn Handicap and pydney Cap, each J62000; enbecTUiers, now open tod filing tipialy.— Aorr; ' ? - - ????'-, ' 