NEWS OF THE DAY. The English mail per Tasmania will be due at the General Post Office about day break to-morrow. The ' Winners' Cup,' run for at Wood mans' Point yesterday, was w.on by Mr, Lovegrove's horse Randolph, hands down. Our Port contemporary, in this morning's issue, announces the death of the Fakir of Ooln (Dr. Silvester), at Melbourne, yester day. The Stanley Opera Troupe will produce 'Aladdin' at the Oddfellows' Hall Fre mantle, this evening, and to-morrow and Saturday evenings also. We learn that a pigeon shooting match of j810 a-side, will shortly take plaoe on the Albion grounds— Bullen's half-way house between two well-known oitizens. The bazaar whioh was opened at the Town Hall on Tuesday by His Honor the Chief Justice, under the auspices of the Sisters of Meroy, was muoh more extensive ly patronised throughout yesterday than it was any time during the previous day, The bazaar will be opoued again this oven ing, and closed finally wo suppose, about ten o'olook. Ouv Port correspondent writes that yesterday another flre scare occurred there. A rumour had spread abroad that the buildings at Bioton, a couple of miles up the ;rivor, were on fire. A great num ber of the townspeaple— with the Fire Brigade of course— immediately set off to the scene of the conflagration, where, on arrival, they found a bush-fire burning near the paddook, but that the flames had never reaohed the buildings at all. At the City Police Court this morning Thomas Evans, charged with being drunk, was dismissed with a caution. Nicholas Walsh; son of Nioholas Walsh, a pensioner, was oharged with assaulting Edward Flynn by striking him with a chisel. Upon the application of Sevgt. Claffiey the case was remanded for eight days, the proseouto'r being unable to attend. Tho defendant stated in reply to the Benoli that the prose outor thrashed his little brother, and that he then struck him with his chisel. A London journal, quoting BtatistioBto back it up, says the most poorly paid work ing girls in the metropolis are those enga ged in the work of sewing atid binding the Bibles, It adds that ' for every heathen abroad who can be induced to use the sacred volume for anything else than wadding, a dozen of these girls are driven to perdition at home, Let us pray— for 'the heathen in his blindness \ who uses bibles as gun wadding, and for the men who -wax fat on the sale of 'the word.' ? At the Fremantle Polioe on Tuesday a sailor belonging to the barque Star Queen —a Malay— was sentenced to sue months' hard labour for threatening to murder some of his mates, the sailors on board of the same vessel. Prom the evidenoe it trans pired that the man was arrested Iby Water Polico Constable Hopkins, who, at consider able risk of being stabbed, managed to oaphire the ruffian and, after obtaining assistance, suoceoded in having Mm con veyed to the cells. Yesterday another party of citizens visit ed Scarborough, among them being Father Gibney, who, upon the invitation of Messrs. Cooke and Lawrence, was in attendance for the purpose of selecting a site on behalf of the Romau Catholic body, The rev. gentle man expressed himself as highly pleased with the locality, and while upon the spot purchased from the proprietors four blocks, of Scarborough at a slight advance on the upset. On Saturday next other parties Trill leave Perth and Fremantle to mspieot the property, the sale of whioh, next Wednes day evening, is expeoted to prove cvno of the most successful hold in tho City /.for some time past. Any opinions on exploring or soiontitlc matters connected with Australia emanat ing from suoh. an authority as Mr. Augustus Gregory— whom we justly olaim as an old colonist to our own shores— can- . not fail to be of interest to everyone who gives any attention whatever to such subjeota. Thus we make np apology in quoting the following from the Australas ian of the 26th ult. :— Mr. A. C. Gregory's address at the meeting held in Brisbane to form the Queensland branoh of the Geo graphical Sooiety of Australasia touohed on some interesting topics. We observo that he favours an expedition to the antarctic regions on meteorologioal grounds, and sees,' in the. freeing of large masses of ice within the polar regions, a possible means, of modifying the climate or Australia, or inducing a more abundant rainfall. Mr. Duffy will take heart of grace after reading this. Floating mountains, brought hither by the aotion of the winds and currents, might perhaps prove an effective substi tute for that central rango whioh geo graphers agree is the one thing wanting to jestow on Australia a perfeot climate. Though we may not hope to discover means of controlling the natural forces yet Mr. Gregory believes it possible ff that a careful study of the geographical posi tions on the southern islands, depths of ocean, and larger accumulations of ice may enable us to forecast the general oharaotor of the seasons in Australia.' Mr. Gregory had something to say, as one who has him self done useful exploring work in Aus tralia, about the search for Leichhardt, whoso fate is still a mystery. Leiohhardt was last communicated with 'near Mount Abundanoa station, in Queensland, in 184-8. From this his camps have been traced to the Barcoo River, near Mount Inniskillon, boyond whioh nothing certain U known. Although the course no proposed to travel was through the centre of the continent to West Australia, yet he contemplated turn ing to tho north if tho direct jroute were impracticable. 'We now know' (says Mr. Gregory) 'that the oharacter of Central Australia was not practicable for the party, and tho northerly route waa the only one available, which would take him nearly to the line of his previous journey to Port Essiugton, and I have little doubt that the white man's camp found by me on July 18, 1856, on Esloy Creek, a southern tributory of the Roper River, was one of the dootor's. If this were one of Leich hardt's camps he reached a position west of the telegraph line to Port Darwin, and further traces must be sought on the north- west coast, on tho Viutoria, Ord, am Fitzroy rivers— localities whioh have been so recently occupied that communication with tho aborigines is yet imperfect, and it will be through them that any relics of the party are likely to be traced,' . One of the- most remarkable results of energy and enterprise has cropped up in our City in the shape of a Limited Liability Company being 'mooted' and aotually in a state ready for immediate working in the extraordinary short space of nine days. We are told that a general meeting of promised shareholders will bo hold at the Criterion Hotel on Friday next, and the promoters promise to put the Company in a working condition by Monday, the 25th instant. Truly we may well say, 'At last she moves.' An officer in the German navy— Lieu- tenant Gosende— and his companion (Dr. Kummell) while exploring in the north-east of New Guinea last month found a tree which is completely new to science. They report they reached a spot twelve days' march from the coast, and discovered that their compass was useless owing to the presence of a tree which possesses the pro perties of a highly-charged electrical bat tery. Dr. Kummel was knocked down when he touched it. Analysis showed it to consist of almost pure amorphous carbon. It has been named Elassia electrica. It is not at all improbable that the helio- graph will soon be busily at work between Rottnest and the mainland. Mr. Steere has bid farewell to the Governor, carrying with him in his pocket His Excellency's minute instructions as to how to vote upon every conceivable question, But Mr. Steere will soon meet Mr. Jauaes Service in Melbourne, and they are to journey plea aentty together all the way to Hobart. Imagine Mr. Steere drinking down the honied words of the Viotorian Premier, who will lose no opportunity of impressing upon him the. extreme desirability of Western Australia (of the Governor of whioh he is the mere delegate) adopting Responsible Government ! We should not be surprised b see Mr. Steere upon his return fling aside the shackles of despotism with whioh ho is at present fettered, and boldly pro nounoing nimself to be a convert to the cause of Responsible Govermentin this land of his adoption. 