NEW Sq'QTH WALES MEMS. Heavy rains are reported along the Queensland cor^t. It (b said that the porteis employed on the railways cost £120,000 a year. A Dumber of rabbits have made their ap peatance in the Walgett district. There are said to be already some two • dozen retired colonial bishops at home. The Maitland Gas Company have declared a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent per annum i A man named John Reedy was crashed to death at Hornsby through a tree falling upon him. Last week Mr. H. Shiell entered upon the 34lh year of his service as City Coroner, Sydney. A young man named Saunders was struck dead by lightning at Wirra Warra, near Bre warrina. Mr. Lyall Scott, M.P. for Wollombi, has re signed his seat in the Assembly in consequence of ill-health. Daring the month of October, 1121 births and 467 deaths were registered in the city of Sydney and suburbs. The miners of Newcastle have decided to ttand by their confreres in the Illawarra die trice now on strike. Mr. Thomas Colls, J.P., has consented to stand for Yaps Plains in the event of Mr. Hey don resigning his seat. Beach and his confreres were presented at Adelaide with a number of small nuggets from the Teetulpa goldfield. A man named James M'Grath was killed at Cavan-hill, 12 miles from Yass, through a waggon falling on him. Fiji has again been suffering from a mild attack of the intermittent gold lever by which it is periodically assailed. Captain M'Leur, of H.M.S. Flying Fish, reports having discovered a shoal off East Vernon Island, Northern Territory. It is reported with reference to the Timaru poisoning cases that evidence is forthcoming to show that Hall had accomplices. Nine months' leave of absence, to take c d a s effect from the beginning of the year, has been granted to Mr. Justice Windeyer. It is understand that Messrs. Russell Barton and W. B. S. C. Sawers are about to resign their seats as members for Bourke. Mr. Lyne promised the Orange electors last week to re-submit the plan lor the proposed railway at the earliest possible dale. The people of Wen worth are petitioning to be separated from Wilcannia and Silverton, and formed into a separate electorate. A man named Daffy has been committed for trial charged with being concerned in the alleged outrage on a girl at Burrawang. Oar importations of vegetables have risen from £53,000 in 1885 to over £170,000 for a little more than half the present year. Bishop Barry has been nominated for the vacancy in the Sydney University Senate caused by the death of Sir James Martin. The steamer Barrabool, whifet Reached fcort • Jaekson from Melbourne bti'Ftid&y;, brought • 10 bbxes of Sovereigns,' 'corffolninj* jt&pjQQjl;). " ''" Mn^ari^ .'^bu^te^eB,'^ jEteniy' fturkea ••','tott th$ other '.members. ,of,'.tjhe Oppos^nae j ' taaen ftiixiouB for oficei l^i^ deB^ijt^ite: 4 ,pp^cy. • ..'.!.,iThe executivff committep • of the-recently . .formed Ni&W.; Protective ;UnKm';bave Bgifeed' i, to.-a circular which is to be-distributed-wtioie- ,.eak. : ; .i.J :••• ifi 1', '•'.•<, -:I:;II*i (• I I, ; } It has keendecidfed>iro lefcectVtnitbotfiVj' atone7«verith« tfrave df.the cfelebrated'todfcbill' • -player,. E. M. J. Eraser,- 'hr ftookwttoil CJUtriev'rtery.! -•.!:.-.'• • -t« >'.T 'l-.i^h^-.w:: v . Aigtand n^w opera^houM bag: Beeti'iojyefipd inlhe.New, Zealand ',•1 plice in. th&fr; cdloby, it'Spptars,'%bM<eJtMtei is uiforiskt, <>' 1 .-si; J >jJi:i!i;'-t'i1in: I :rThe Gboma Express ulstes that the<fcbi8fH>ilfc -1. comeiol <Mr. Dibbs's viflit M>'tbtft"dfefrict!%ill > :fab.tbe«reiati.on of 'tome aO fiWjUetiWs'bfthe ; ^peaoeii n.li. v.';::<' .iti'sn -jri; ::i U: ! .. ..SomeiinipoctaDt alteration^ h«ve> tfeatfiiaile , - jn the Matfas charged forpr&s; tfelegfrahis'toilWe^B • •|SRale*.w.. i . •«?! >' ii'iri: hinvit. .m.bir \ i w At the balf-yedrly-nteeliite of>the'NfeA^ifetlfi fvSteaiJttbip/ObmpBnvJ:od!>SBtttY'Aay i 'ia r^i<Hd& .V.atlthe rate oi iO"par - cent- 'pet anrittto' tfSsTdes -ntlawd. 'jfl- i :>•• :'!•!'>'•'•'- '"»•_>'/ br.ri innvrr • V i«w^eqf Julyrand'' f.mi for a j II)DfifsCCl ,l>nr .viiiinianJiiHg to Kibui 8 .ftRWAfWiMi % $ •JVTIS'G T/'3U?.TT| 7'JI/IK .li In:! ir-.iriJ 1A lii&nAt; i^iJfits^lyraJteftVjedT mtetiafiDfrisfeVectot-s, y.^ialdj^rft^z.qne^Bh.i ^whriions leptrie^ Jiflq^flA^-ji rir,iii<«i1«> li'M'j i ij i .'-'ivltfi* leipected-: tbslb tb«' rtiltttty'ttfeftftfotf- i -sfrdm/Tettterfibld thfr'Quefene-- < •ifo&driborderv; *iti' bb aboif lbi ; ' , ltttier - t1 n I F ' ."'jtliij.l j -jrf A rifle club is being formed in Adelong, suitable ground having been secured and a fine target procured, the members intend starting practice at once. Most favorable reports come from the Bega district, where feed is plentiful, cattle in the pink of condition, dairies in full swing, and crops luxuriant. Mr. Angus Mackay, instructor of agricul tore, has been advising the selectors at Gunne< dah to go in for sheep-farming and wheatgrowing combined. Some excellent sheep country has been dis covered in Queensland by Mr. David Lindsay in the heart of what was supposed to be a barren, sandy waste. One day last week Sydney was visited by a severe thunderstorm. From 7 o'clock until 11 the rain came down in torrents, and the light ning was remarkably vivid Mr. J. W. E. David, Government surveyor has furnished a report on the E&et; Maitland and Stoney Creek coal seams, and on the newlydiscovered coal Beam at Deep Creek. A petition, signed by 76 persons, has been presented to the Governor, praying thatTumut may be created a municipality, under the name of the " Municipal District of Tumut." A man named George Grotell, employed on the river steamer Maud, fell overboard at Bourke one night last week. He had only shipped that day. The night was very dark, A man earned Samuel Bryant cat his throat at Lucknow. He had been in a despondent and morbid state of mind ever since the death of his brother from paralysis a few weeks ago, The Leichhardt Borough Council have decided to borrow £15,000 for general improvs ments and £6000 for the purpose oi erecting the first portion of the proposed new townhalL Mr. George Wallace, solicitor, late of Newcastle, has been asked to stand for the Wollombi electorate, in consequence of the continned illness of the present member, Mr. L. Scott. At Middle Head the other evening the amp of a number of gentlemen was rifled uring the temporary absence of the occupants, nd a quantity of clothing and jewellery tolen. In an article on the dissolution question, the Melbourne Argus praises Lord Carrington for refusing to interfere with our excellent system of self- government by yielding to pressure from without. It is reported in Blayney that the old man Shannon, who has been missing from Blayney since the 6th ult, has been seen in Dubbo. No authentic news is, however, yet to hand to this effect. By the irony of fate the spectators who witnessed the unveiling of the Kendall monument stood on the grave of Harold Grey the Pilgrim, the space being required as part of the auditorium. The Marine Board resolved to suspend the certificate of Captain Atkinson, of the steamer Scout, for three months in connection with the recent collision between that vessel and the barque Bells. According to Mr. John Ndrton-,a 'number of polibicali"deia<ilieads''-and- social'•'deadbWfs,'!; have been -misrepresenting; 1 maligning," an-d iujuiing thfl-wortang ^lasberiof the cdtoby for, 1 1 1 years'paBt'in England.I">•»•""' " ' • j,, Alphonse 'Bedhet 'tj ivefl 'l^r^S^fiBo^ ment an a cbarge'm'drton, but.one-fifth of the' tibfe'htis UetAi Men'cMNoMjodd. • I iM'iil .In.II'.1:,n II II'." n I 1 "i:j,'i.i 1 u ... r! , .TbQ^ttqrney-^knej-al aiMrewd hisconstituppts^t; Cootwnuftdra .an Saturday t,nigbjt. 1aii|(jr met flsitjhj a-good'eeceptiqn,' A,yptB/ofieon6den<$ ,bping.j»as*ed tp Mn>- Heiinade a long defenpe flf the.vernment and attacked thpKJthbr sidf J ' A' fMetittotf to. ,; the i; Governot* - firdyfbj+' : hia Excellency to pardon V.'iseman and LB^i^hfli were convicted Hi the last Yass assizeB Ibr< SdM&fi; ftM+Ubit, b<je D, eigneditb^dhtf.ioNwepeopleiandi&irwKnaed; Ito Sjdneyir; '-^'li-. • d = miu: ..•.•sm-.-rj/.ul -AlseridttS^ollishte-ldtjk plftc6't)fi"®iatta pb •SftltffdayTnif^bt'fbfelw^fen' th^; 'ebips < Ow&tkw; ioutward'touiid,! ftort'-the' 'AJagat^rb/'iniwkrdsV ,'froffi' ! GliaBj56W. xBoth'JWssfels 'tHtttefnfel "tfolicl «ldierable 1 diarii9^j i &hd;'tbe' : fdftri6r : had:' t&'< diit 'ba r cito"p()WU'" 1 •».:'(" *td j .„ : nd •"ft'? a'itttod' d^tiHfe' M W OritfU i PM Mid'^fi^gfi 1 tHWhte'to mot Jo-ijdiJi) uril no Mosfinoir 01 ^JMMnfer^.jthe ttrtt'to.-jla. nfUeiBt, urtori ui rfcbtf dirttK^ ivhiiMi^r^ I . tnitus'-pprUfttflj who ylfuld.iMigladiflf tief^Bp ftfiWcbrjofel., -idt YiihmifJ onf- liiMT;! " SirJB^beMi^wkrvcaW'ilMjKitfwilu; rSanteysi Sydue*rfls " onewfllh^'ciost' nr tbe4ac^bHHth^ earth,".tbfairb&bdffrfl; eom^i iri tb anyJotferer in!the 1 w»i-ldfi '«<idrNeW gov hi Wales ithe i"^»eattetr'colony"lowing talle^mi «i o 1 tfceiQiBfflD. r 'j IM'.'I ItU'M<> rlvirfv/ M-_Ir.ll (! & -: WAS® Riapha' a^nP 1 & d is ffr 'il a i'.yr ^•"^t^cft" eetrfM ^ 'jrm.n r ,rll U. ' v/011 liofj'n in) Jutn .oiiij (li;o or!) Jo;,' i-.i t.iWjiU ui y4 liv.'utij ,7D wire-proofing their land as the only chance of saving vegetation. The Social Parity Society in Sydney seeks to promote " a healthier public sentiment, a more chivalrous respect for womanhood, and such a sensitive delicacy of feeling in men and women as will make them shrink from impurity as from a plague." The case of M'Sbarry and O'Rourke, con tractors for the railway line from Murrumburrah to Young, against the Minister for Railways, in which the former claim £100,000 damages for breach of contract, has been referred to arbitration. According to a return laid before the Legis lative Council, £150,588 17s. 9d. has been spent in free and assisted immigration during the seven years ended June 30, 1886, and £91,266 17s. 5d. upon the land order system or £241,855 15a. 2d. altogether. Since the inauguration of the Social Parity Society tbeie have been established in Sydney several other similar organisations, such as the White Cross Union, the Sydney City Mission, the Y.M.C.A, the Blue Ribbon Gospel Army, and the Women's Evangelistic Union. What promises to be a very important in vention in the shape of a noiseless, non slippery composition made of bitumen and cork sawdust, for paving footpaths and roadways, has been patented by Mr. J. A. Parker, of Sydney, and stood very severe tests. The work of the Church Society appears to be very extensive. In addition to mission woTk among all classes, including the aborigines at Warangesda, it comprises the erection and repair of churches and parsonages and the provision of retiring allowance for the old. Two larrikins were fined by the Newcastle Bench £4 10s. each, or four months' imprisonment. The amount was subscribed among their pals outside the court, and the scoundrels may be said to have " taken a lunar " at the Bench. Fines under such circumstances are ridiculous. This is bow they deal with the unemploved in Bathurst. The Times says :—" A hulking young fellow of 6ft. applied for relief at the police court this morning, but he was told to go and work, as there was plenty to do. He had sought charity in the town about a fort, night ago." We (IV. W. Advertiser) learn that it is pro posed on or about the 11th ot December to hold a competition and picnic, in which the cadets of the Wagga Public School, and teams from Sydney High School, Goulburn ex-Cadet Corps, and Junee, Young, and Bookham corpi will compete. A special reporter to the Russell River gold fields, Queensland, telegraphed on Saturday as follows :—" The reports from the field are not reassuring. I strongly advise miners to desist from coming until there is a track through and more definite information. The last 10 miles of the track is very rough." It is stated tbat the Government have already begun to draft an Income Tax, Property Tax, and Land Tax Bill, all in one; that this will be submitted right at the beginning of the next session ; tbat they will -stand to all or. none,iand that if, defeated they will .go,to the country onitljese«oiribined taxes. . ' The-- duties'of 'the Rttyal' Cdrntniisiob' apn. pointed ••.to'-ibqttirt? rnttf '.thfc 1 'cdhs.tifMtdta i crf ahteartKtf.'ptfblit'balle.-aid'tttbWplk^ifpiihlic • arttftemest? tir eoncfltirsfe, 1 have 1 •btsAn'd&mtoteted; Sfevarri of tfeetoembertbatfeWghW thte' rtpont. 'andwhen^berfeairiitifeki^&tUreiVfeilttthed;, tq-it* the 'idj£ibun»iit' ! Will' WteerfenteTl'ta his EkadtWfcy fatfOdftitUttj«' vi!.)! : j ! l ''fct'toi'XVveraniei*' W-Vlt*?-!'*^-: - IjJO of er8| aiid potb-i - W W^Mbeiftg Waf the M . M m fcome^, fa.rfl^S, AW VWjti fe^Hi^Lw;. i^Sftlwnr che oeon'lR nf^Fnti^' ill'^JpWWS f ue (^sfted. tp^eSiW; Wt f»lil«aat«E . .... tiTui. ..u-.,,^ Fiitf noilan noHan JaHi Jarii OA ; 1 Soi^iieaibert (Jfthe^IUyJl iCflariiniBdon tobfttbtiiori nwith itlie; condervatrou J«fo«atefc .We^Soutto'jW.desJKtt.rqedi to. SvfldWfe ^BWo^n^irtriotBiaBti vwfek.laftarifcU _ The Narandera E^n Lys ^ ^ ^ « L'JaIj/j/.V !ho'J .111 .'t cirfe n.l Jqmslli; nk V" of Audley-street. It appears tbat a lighted lamp had been placed on a table near the child's bed, and the little one somehow pulled it over. When help arrived, the bed and mattress were found to be in a blaze, but the child had managed to escape." Six out of the nine men convicted of the Monnt Rennie outrage and sentenced to death, solemnly declared themselves innocent of the crime. Insentencing the prisoners Mr. Justice Windeyer said : " You cannot expect that those who are charged with the execution of the law would hesitate, under all these circumstances, in banding you over to that death which you most righteously deserve." Following the initial outbreak at Buckingbong, there has been bush fires at both Tuppal aud Berrigan. On Tuesday night there was strong glare to the south of the town, upon Buckingbong run, which bore the appearance of a burning haystack rather than an ordinary bushfire, although the length of the grass renders it difficult to determine. The fire, of whatever character, was soon got under. A Townsville telegram states that samples of quartz from the recently discovered reef in Magnetic Islands, in the possession of the police magistrate, are good brown open quartz, showing fine gold freely. The reef is 3ft. wide, with a casing of solid quartz. The reef has been traced 50 yards along the surface, and is situated within a Btone's throw of the sea, three miles from Picnic Bay, in the direction of the quarantine station. We (Herald) hear that recent finds at Muttama have led to the restoration of the old fame of the reefs, and that mining operations there are likely to take a new lease of life. English capitalists have offered to put money into the work, while colonial capitalists, as we have repeatedly reported, have also shown strong laith in this field. We hope soon to be able to give more definite information concerning the operations to be set on foot at Muttama. Captain Wallbrok, of the steamer Hilda, belonging to the Coalcliff Coal Company, was drowned off the company's jetty, Wollongong, through the capsizing of a small boat Captain Wallbrok and two seamen were engaged grappling for the chains, when by some meanB the boat capsized. The two men saved themselves ; but the captain waB not so fortunate. His body was picked up some short time afterwaads, and life was then found to be extinct. A digger from Kimberley, who has arrived in Sydney, brings news in confirmation of the attack that was reported to have been made upon some diggers who were returning from the diggings to the Gulf. In the affray one of the diggers was killed. The cause of the dispute was the possession of a water-hole. The affair caused considerableexcitement. A number of diggers collected and went in chase of the blacks, and, according to our informant, shot 40 of the natives. An Adelong correspondent writes :— "Everything here in mining is fearfully dull, and, unfortunately, with little prospect of amendment at present. The result of this is that old resident miners, who have been here for many years, are leaving us in eeardh of fresh fields. Amongst others who have recently : j JAb 1 extraoudihafy find 1 *>f• .gold ifti.reBdrted Catcoaiy And-,about, Q5 milw-ifrqmj Orange. iThfe 4,jffirty-,-broughtnabouJ; I40lb«>l weight of lepecimensianto the town, Whichaate'tBtimated ftor.yieldj;a&Hlt.i;£«Q0.-awfaSh:loff eoldvllOne specimen alone contains pearly 130oz.<ff;eo!id «olcL .Tiifa^tanfrj^B^^btamfedi- attardfepvh of *b}ut«SI>ft. .^iTbeipaay hire-beamwodsinrf the olaim^fon! soiBtaitimfej pastyrbui fe4x»vfaept it qttietwi-Semai local menace jkntarebtefeQi the idtae^rimdiiltoiraati^rai^aa&lifepartta; are fcurrtntl rt finding ite*ic6te88i Erf j 0: - (1ijfj> WA-sfeftoSW"' MdiflenfcB <t**8tf«ii!)>talsiiJJSunt Kemblato one of theemerggfldtl&eMttflbteyed; 'by' the' toMt •'Reriitil&iicdal; 'GmvMv. it fclethd thfft asflJrtflbtr of &eA; w<^>lndfojid to ^ . . , - . aRftiffjitabA'etB, 'but when tifeiy teae&wl; plied with picks and shovels an'd.afeSltotti g 2t coal experienced miner^3ft©fiQ.3he treacherous ^ver which^verlajw-tht-GML He has one leg ribs aifi j r j ^ m ;^r j 9^^der. his ZLd OV/d 0 n T K ^ ^ f e ^ ^ ^ A dt rfWlire teii^iuld C^ 3 7<I Kamllr, r, ( 7973 IAiiott »»lao yd loioqov, wdlsdw " this iniquitous law," which is to come into operation in January next. A fisherman named Griffin, while on his way to the fishing ground, Port Stephens, was drowned. It would appear that he went oat in his boat to pursue his avocation, when the craft suddenly capsized. A man named Thomas Duncan, who witnessed the accident, at once proceeded to his assistance, but the unfortunate man sank before any assistance could be rendered him. It is believed that the accident was caused by the shifting of the boat's ballast, as she took a sudden lurch and went over. Griffin was a stranger in the district, but is believed to have been a single man and a native of Cornwall. Five comparatively sudden deaths took place in Orange district during 43 hours last week—one that of a young man, a nephew of Mr. Morrow, manager ot the Commercial Bank, named More ton, and another a wellknown horsetrainer, and owner at one time of Myles-na-Coppaleen, named Samfry, who died at the Commercial Hotel. Mr. W. N. Moulder, J.P., also lost his eldest son through a severe attack of croup and diphthetia; Mr. E Cummins, ot the Telegraph Hotel, Lost his eecoud eldest sou through drowning in the Macquarie at Dubbo; the son of Mr. John Herrick, jun., died, aged about 12 years. The Minister lor Public Instruction (Hon. Dr. Benwick) is reducing the number of school attendance officers employed in connection with the Education Department, and changing the system under which the work of this branch of the department is now carried on. The number of attendance officers employed is beiog reduced by dispensing at the end of the year with tbe services of all those who are over 60 years of age, and the remaining officers, instead of, as now, performing their work under the direction of tbe head of the School Attendance Branch, will carry on (heir duties under tbe direction and control of the district school inspectors. A young man named Frederick Fisher, a clerk in tbe Harbor and Bivers Department, was found last week hanging by a strap from the door of his lodgings in Palmer-street, Syd ney. A fellow-lodger cut him down and Bent for medical aid. Dr. Dewar arrived, but all he could do was to pronounce life extinct The deceased, who was 25 years of age and a single man, had been seen barely a couple of hours before, when, in his usual health and spirits, he manifested no intention of taking his own life. The deed was more inexplicable because be enjoyed the character of a steady and very respectable young man. He has two brothers in the colony—one at Sydney and the other In Mittagong. A clairvoyant has been engaged seeking to elucidate the Bermagui mystery. In the presence of several members of Parliament, the clairvoyant asserted that the murder of Lamont Young and party took place on a Sunday afternoon, while they were on shore getting tea, and that they were poisoned through strychnine being placed in their tea, and their bodies afterwards thrown into the sea. The murderer then fired the boat, and left her on the beach. The murderer had a scar on his face, and light hair. He stole horse, and is now in Melbourne. Information has been sent to Melbourne with a view of getting further particulars, and the probable arrest of the man. In the course of an interview between the Minister for Works and a deputation of Waratah residents the question of the New South Wales unemployed wan brought up. The Minister for Mines, the Hon. J. Fletcher, who was present, suggested a possible way of dealing with the difficulty. He pointed out that ;he colony spent a sum of about £800,000 per annum in connection with its roads, &c.;, and he thought a Government could fairly anticipate, say, one-third or a half of that amount, and expend the money advantageously in sending those who were out of employment to work upon the roads aud public works, instead of allowing tbem to haug about tbe streets ol Sydney doing nothing and earning nothing. If the following iucident is true—and we have not the slightest reasons to doubt our informant—tbe issue of rations to tbe unemployed seems in some c ise» to be regulated by a very peculiar scale. We are told that at present one of them is camped on the foreshores of Sydney harbor, presumably-engaged ou some Government work, who is so bountifully supplied with provision that he bas been offerings to give them away, as he cannot consume them. No one for a moment would begrudge the supply of food bv the State to any indigent person any more than he would decline giving it himself if necessary ; but theie is such a thing as by displaying mistaken generosity encouraging waste, and this seems an instance in point. In tbe Bourke Police Court tbe acting police magistrate (Mr. Vincent Brown) passed a wellmerited enomiutn upon Sub-inspecter Byrnes for his conduct of police affairs there during tbe past three years ; aud congratulated bim on his promotion to Cooma. Mr. Brown said he never knew Inspector Bvrnes to do a harsh action or act over-officiously. At the same time he never neglected his duty. Mr. Beadford, solicitor and mayor, and Mr. Biddulph, solicitor aud alderman, also spoke, bearing testimony to Mr. Byrnes'a zeal, integrity, courtesy, and readiness on all occasions to render every possible assistance to tbe profession. Mr. Byrnes returned thanks, and trusted he should make as many friends in Cooma as he had left behind him in Bourke. A correspondent writes :—" The recent decision in the Supreme Court re forfeited selec- tions is one that it is fraught with evil, and plays right into the hands of the dummy employers. It is notorious that there are a great number ot dummy selections liable to forfeiture under the Land Act, and if the land so forfeited is to revert to the lessee, the whole business is a farce and the time and expense of holding the inquiry is wasted. All forfeited land should be open for re-selection, or if within the Western division, should be offered for lease by auction, and thereby test the value of such lands, as according to the present lessees' version it is not worth holding at any price. I venture to assert that they hold a different opinion if it came to the auction teat." The annual meeting of the New South Wales Social Purity Society was held at the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Sydney, a tew days since, the Ven. Archdeacon King in the chair. The report of the committee was read by the bon. secretary and adopted. It referred to the increased efforts that were being made in behalf of social purity, and gave an aualysis oi a bill prepared by the committee for the better protection of females and the effective supression of vice. This bill, it was hoped, would become law next year. The Annual balancesheet showed an income of £110 7s. Id., and a balance of £25 2s. 41. Addresses were delivered by the Bevs. Dr. Corlette, E. D. Madgwick, M. Archdall, S. Wilkinson, the chairman, and Mr. Downing, and the officebearers for the ensuing year were appointed. A disreditable scene was enacted in the Queensland Legislative Council Chamber one night last week. The Chairman's ruling was resorted to, and when given, the Postmaster General said he considered the ruling entirely wrong. An uproar thereupon ensued, and the Chairman left the chair for half an hour. The Hon. W. Forrest walked up to the Postmaster- General and exclaimed : " If you come out' side, I'll soon show you." This was evidently said in continuation of a conversation which could not be heard in the gallery. The Hon. Jas. Taylor exclaimed : " Don't fight in the House ; go outside and settle it; go it, Patterson*"—alluding to the Postmaster-General, general Btorm ensued, which, however had subsided when the Chairman resumed the chair at the expiration of the half hour. Tbe Minister for Lands (Hon. H.Copeland) has appointed Mr. W. H. Traill as the third member of the board which is engaged in an inquiry respecting the working of the Lands Department. The board, as previously constituted, consisted of two officers of the Department, and these gentlemen expressed a desire that someone outside the Department should be appointed to assist them in their inquiry and in the drawing up of their report. In the minute which Mr. Copeland wrote upon the subject of this inquiry before the board was appointed, he intimated hiB wish to appoint someone unconnected with the Department, but expressed a doubt whether a suitable per son with the time to spare for the work required of him could be found. He bas, however, now found such a person in Mr. TrailL The novelty of a lady preacher was witnessed recently in the Wesleyan Church, Hay. Miss Leonard, of the United States of America, a lady evangelist, conducted three services on Sunday week, and continued her mission on Monday and Tuesday evenings. An afternoon service was held on Tuesday at 3 o'clock, followed by a children's service. Large congregations on Sunday listened to the earnest but calm "address of the lady preacher. At her invitation a laige number came out from their seats and knelt around tbe Communion rail. MisB Leonard believes and teaches that it is possible for Christians to live free from sin. This, we understand, is one of the distinctive doctrines of the Methodist Church, and also ot the Salvation Army. Miss Leonard subsequently left for Melbourne, where she will conduct a mission, and then proceeds to India. The platform of the Cobar Political Beform League has been published, and embraces amongst other things the following:—Payment of members; the introduction of an amended Land Act, which would prevent tbe monopoly of the public estate by a few, and which would facilitate settlement aud conserve the rights of posterity ; to obtain an amended Mining Act, to include the placing on tbe estimates annually of a sufficient sum for prospecting purposes, and the development of the mineral resources of the colony; advocating the imposition ot an income tax (to be levied on all incomes exceeding £300 per annum) ; a land and property tax; the imposition of a poll tax of £50 upon all Chinese entering the colony ; the totnl cessation of assisted immigration, and the securing of an elective Upper House. The league has a large number of members. The town of Orange and the surrounding district appear to be in an exceedingly satisfactory condition. In tbe former many new buildings are being erected, and business' is fairly active ; as regards the latter it is being favoured with the most bounteous harvest it has had for several years. The town is one of the most picturesque in the colony. Its climate is highly salnhrions, and its residents have complexions that are ruddy with health. In this respect they present a marked contrast to the dwellers in the metropolis. On the outskirts of the town there are many private dwellings that merit the title oi mansions, and which are surrounded with gardens containing flowers and fruit. The undulating country which surrounds the town and is closed iu by the distant mountains, is dotted with homesteads, and the eye, as far almost as it can reach, sees indications of prosperity. Mr. Michael tfoonan, of Stockinbingal, through the medium of the Gootamunira Liberal, has furnished a most interesting incident connected with the domestic habits of snakes. In his walks abroad be came across a leaden-colored one, 5ft. 5in. long, which he despatched at once ; but, fancying that its internals were abnormally extended, he proceeded to disembowel it, when 19 young ones came out of the aperture. One of these was stouter than he thought it ought to be ; BO, after killing it and its 19 relatives, he continued his dissecting operations, and found another snake inside it. He seems to have been very much struck with the circumstance, and he communicated it at once to the editor of the Gootamundra Liberal, who is unable, in chronicling the same, to say more than that " this is the largest and most curious family of snakes we ever heard of." The Castle Doyle correspondent of the Armufale Chronicle writes :—" One of the greatest downpours of rain ever experienced fell on Wednesday last. About 3 p.m. an immense black cloud could be seen approaching irom the Bouth- east, and at 4 the rain began to descend. In a few minutes it became as dark as though it were midnight, aud the rain came down literally in torrents. In less than a quarter of an hour every gully became a roaring stream, carrviDg everything, fences, crops, &c.;, before it. Huge trees were uplifted and borne away as though they were so many pieces of cork. At present it is impassible to tell the amount of damage done, but it is very considerable. The greatest sufferers are Messrs. Starr, Harvey, John Elliott, Gentle, A. Coch rane, and Doak. All these have had consider able portions of their fences carried away and a good deal of damage done to their crops." The public will be gratified to learn witb respect to the extension of the technological examinations by the City and Guilds of the London Institute that the following paragraph was contained in the last annual report presented to the Governors of the institution :— The Council, believing that whatever tends to unite more closely the colonies with the mother-country is calculated materially to improve their mutual trade and commerce, would be glad to be enabled to send a favorite reply to the application of the Board of Technical Education, New South Wales for the extension of the institute's examinations to tbe colony. Your Council accordingly recommend the Governors to authorise them to accede to the application they bave received, provided that no part of the additional cost of tbe examinations is borne by the institute, a stipulation rendered necessary by the memorandum of association." It is an historical fact that Lady Mary Fitz roy was killed against an oak tree in the Avenue, just within tbe Parramatta Park gates, and wonder has often been expressed that no tablet marks the scene of the lamen table event. The reason is simple enough. No one is quite certain which tree it was against which the beautiful Lady Mary was dashed to death. Not even one of the many oldest inhabitants of the ancient borough who were present on the fatal day, and glibly retail every circumstance of the mad rush to death can point with certainty to any particular tree, as the one having the fatal honor of dashing out the young life of the popular lady. Some years ago the late Mr. George Langley, C.P.S., had a plate prepared (which is now in tbe police office at Parramatta), with the intention of fixing it on the tree, but he then met with the difficulty which still exists, and so the exact spot of tho melancholy tragedy is unknown and unmarked. The Pall Mall Gazette thus refers to the financial condition of this colony :—" The particulars with regard to tbe New South Wales revenue which Sir Patrick Jennings, the Premier, has telegraphed to the Agent- General amply bear out the bad report which Mr. Norton, the labour delegite, has recently heen given of tbe state of affairs in that colony. There is to be a deficit at the end of the year, it seems, of two millions, under which circumstance Sir Saul Samuel, as an honorable man, will hardly care, we fear, to avail himself of Sir Patrick Jenning"s permission to ' deny depression.' A still more painful impression will be produced in this country when it is known that in all probability some little part of the depression is due to the frauds in connection with the Smdan Expeditions. Meanwhile the state of affairs in New South Wales is a striking instance that the phenomena of ' poverty and progress' are present in the New World no less than in the Old." The proprietors of the Sydney Diamondmining Company, whoBe land, comprising about 200 acres ot diamond- bearing soil, is situated at Cope's Creek, neer Inverell, met his Excellency the Governor by appointment to show him the results of recent washings, and bring more prominently before his notice tbe beginning of what may become one of the leading indu-trics of the colony. His Excellency was most courteous and cordial in his reception, and expressed himself highly gratified with the results as shown hiin. Mr. Lewis Tallermann, who bas had considerable experience in African diamond-mining operations, entered into a lengthened explanation as to the future development of the mines, in which his Excellency manifested a lively interest. Mr. Tallermann, who is proceeding home on bis own business per Valetts, bas been entrusted with the results from these mines, and intends submitting the diamonds to the close scrutiny of the London market,' with the view of forming a large company, The company having thanked his Excellency for his kind and courteous reception, the interview terminated. The question of the extermination of rabbits is becoming still more complex. The latest phase of the problem is that bunny has in the* flooded Menindie district taken to the trees, and appeare to bave adapted himself to circumstances—from his point — more successfully. The Minister for Mines (Mr. Fletcher) recently received in his department a letter from Mr. J. R. Holding, post and telegraph master at Menindie, stating that whilst examining some of the cfeeks in the vicinity of the Menindie Lake he found 14 full-grown living rabbits in two box-tree?, and three dead ones, which had been drowned close by. They must, he thinks, have been in the tree for from 10 days to a fortnight, and were quite at home, some of them being perched on branches, or in the forks of limbs 12 feet from the ground. Thev got enough on which to live from tbe bark ancl young shoots of tbe trees. The rabbits bad evidently been driven first of all to high ground, and then into the trees by the advance of the water. In attempting to avoid capture, the rabbits showed great activity, and swam strongly in the water with ease and good speed. A deputation representing the timber industry of Queensland waited npon the Colonial Treasurer of that colony, in Brisbane, to bring uuder the notice of the Minister the difficulties under which the business is at present carried on, owing to the large importations of foreign timber, which is being sold at lower rates than Queensland timber could be placed on the market. Tbe deputation asked that a duty be placed upon importtd timber sufficient to enable the local product to compete with the imported article. It was suggested that the amount of duty should be 4s, per 100ft on rough timber, and 6s. on dressed timber. The Treasurer said he thought the proposed duty would increase the cost to the consumer, whom the Government were bouud to consider. The matter opened up a large question which he could not then discuss, as tbe financial proposals ot the Government had already been submitted to Parliament, and the Government could not now BO near the close of the session reopen the question. He would submit the matter to his colleagues, and if the Cabinet considered it desirable he would deal with it next session. A suspicious character named Henri Garnay was arrested in the Svdney Domain by Constables Sawtell and Bursey. On being taken to tbe lockup be was searched, and eleven spurious notes on the Commercial Bank were found upon him. Detcctives Hoskisson and Bochaise, who bave for a long time past been watching the man, at once proceeded to his house in Church-street, Camperdown, and succeeded in discovering in one of the rooms a quantity of photographic apparatus, chemicals, a copper plate containing in it tbe subscription of a pound note of tbe Mercantile Bank. These were seized. Garnay was brought up at the Water Police Court before Captain Fisher, D.S.M., and remanded until Friday (to-day) on two charges, the first of having spurious notes in his possession, and the second ot having in his possession for an unlawful purposes and without lawful authority a copper plate resembling tbe subscription to a bank note of the Mercantile Bank of Sydney. Garnay is a Swiss, and is suspected ot being tbe principal person concerned in the issue of the forged notes which have for some time past been excessively circulated in Sydney and other places in tbe colony. The Lord Mayor of London has received the following touching letter from four little girls in Sydney, New Siuth Wales :—" July 24th, 1886. My Lord,—I was reading a book written by Mr. Sims, called 'How the Poor Live in London.' There were such dreadful pictures iu it of their poverty, and I was so very sorry for them, for we have no very poor people out here, that I thought to get up a baztar to make them more comfortable. Sa my sisteY Bessie, two little frieuds aud myself, began to work, and nude such a lot of things that in three months we were able to have a bazaar. We had it in my aunt's ground at the monastery, and we made altogether £15 10«. 3d. When I told Lidy Carrington what we were doing, she kindly gave rns £1, which made £16 10a. 31. My little friends will sign their names as well as myself. We are sending this to you to give to the poor people for us.—We have the honor to be, yours most obediently, iiebbet. Louie Bbistowe. JMEKSKT. EDIE BRISTOVE." The cheque has been forwarded to Mr. Sims, who has distributed the raone}' among tbe most deserving of the cases he has found in the districts mentioned in "How the Poor Live." The Evening News relates how one William Brady fell among thieves " :—" W. Brady told tbe same old story this morning in the Central Policc Court. He had j ust come down from the country. There whs no doubt of that; be carried the odor of clover and hay seed in every wrinkle of his Sunday suit, ani he was green and early ennugb to show, according to his statement, W. Valentine aud James M'Mahon two £5-notes and three onee, of which he was at that time possessed. He is now dispossessed. The boys, lie says, took him for a ride in a cart, and while one bent him gently back over the tailboard, another went through him tor hie bundle. Then they np-endod his heels and shot bim out over tbe back of tbe vehicle, singing cheerfully * Wait for the Waggon " as they sped away. William jumped up and iushcd after thein. He was not fleet enough to oveitake thegentlerobbers. I Next day he saw the accused youths and swore to iheir identity with his despoilers. But there appears to be a bitch in William's tale. He says he saw the lads at 3 o'clock, but one at least of them is prepared to prove he was at work until 6, and to enable him to supply this evidence the case was remanded till to-morrow." The MaiUand Mercury of the 25th ult. eays:—" We have received a little piece ot in cidental evidence of the enormous cost of our public service. Mr. R. W. Thompson, M.P. for West Maitland, had given a man a recommendation to the Minister for Works for a porter's place on the Government railways. It may be said here, without implying any reflection on Mr. Thompson, that to this system of giving recommendations is due to no small extent the overgrowth of the public service. So long as offices remain in Ministerial gilt, so long will constituents and friends of members expect them to use their influence to obtain places from Minister?. And no mem ber can resist the importunity, nor would he do any good by resis'.ine, for if Short won't be the friend, an accommodating Codlin is sure to be available. The remedy is to sweep away Ministerial patronage at once and lor ever. In the cae under notice Mr. Thompson was informed Mr. Lyne could do nothing to further ihe desires of his protege ; the Minis Icr had been looking into the question ot the porters employed on the railways, and found that they cost no less than about £120,000. Mr. Lyne added : ' This is an immense sum, and I am endeavouring in this, aB in other branches of the service, to effect some material reductions, so that our railways can be brought again to a paying point.'" A deputation of four unemployed mechanic?, representing about 50 who had assembled outside the Government offices in Brisbane, waited on tue Chief Secretary of Queensland, S introduced by Mr. Black, M.L.A., asking that, K in view of the present depression in trade, H temporary relief works should be started as p early as possible, and that there should be a f total cessation of all immigration. The deputation, which disclaimed the idea that theirs t b was a political demonstration, pointed out the existing great dearth of employment in the colony, and advocated some kind ot protection ior all the iron trade. They asserted that large quantities of iron work in the shape of bridges, railway gates, locomotives, and other aitides required by the Government were being imported, while the workshops of the colony were idle, and men were walking about the streets on the verge of starvation in consequence. They complained of the system adopted to induce people to leave the old country, pointing out that mechanics were led to believe that work out here was plentiful and wages high. The deputation instanced as showing the extent of the depression in the iron trade, that out of 58 fires at the five Brisbane foundries only 15 were working, and they contended that the iron work made in the colonv was far superior in equality to that imported. 