NOTES FROM THE POUT. ? — -v ? From our own Correspondent. Jttr. .Michael Samson has heea appointed acting wharfinger, ia the place of Mr. Fenwick, and I am sore the selection the Government have made ia this \- matter will ? commend itself to the «?„ public. Mr. Samson commenced duties on Tiwusday last. The appointment, it is ?^fw1* «*«. ms a. fJu-uuLueuii one. injnessrs. J-. Jose and E. Troode Mr. Sau'son will have valuable assistants, and officers who Save always sUotrn ready aptitude for tho work of the wharfinger's departmtnt. A most brutal case of assault came before the Police Magistrate's court on Wednes day last, when a man named Briggs was charged with biting the nose of a seaman belonging to the barque lavinia. The unfortunate Jack's face is much disfigured, -and shows most clearly that a most brutal assault was committed. The prisoner was, upon the application of Sergt. Pea eocke, remanded for farther evidence, bat lie has since been committed for trial. We look for the arrival of the s.s. Albany about Wednesday next-. This Teasel brings as many as 150 passengers to this colony, and has specially fitted np horsestalls in anticipation of the Cambridge Gulf con tract in the A-S.S. Co.'s favor. I think, 'however, that the enterprising company . -a*n be pretty sure of the acceptance of the v iender for the transport of this large ship ment. ' The children attending the Johnston Memorial Church Sabbath-school were taken by rail to Baysvater on Wednesday for the enjoyment of their annual feast. The little ones marched in piocession to the Bailway Station — numbering npwards or two hundred— foEowing the strains of the Volunteer Band, playing ' What a Friend ?we have in Jesus' — a most appropriate air. The children carried a large number of bannerettes, which, as usual, made a very effective display. The pastors of the church (the Revs. Johnston and Palmer) were present, together with the Superin tendent of the school (Mr, G,B, Humble,) who has ever taken the greatest possible interest in the religious instruction of the ^lirMfori under his charge. Services were conducted at St. John's Church on Ash Wednesday, by the pastor the (Rer. ». ft. Watkins'k. bv whom an «*-. celleht address was made to the congrega tion present. Hymns of an appropriate nature were rendered by the choir, and the proceedings throughout were of the great est solemnity — truly marking the occasion of the commencement of the Lenten season. The Bob Koy, with English mails, left for Albany on Sunday morning last. The Otway, for North-west ports., will leave on Saturday next, after taking over tranship ments from the sa Albany, from the colo nies. A Choral Society has bean formed here, and promises to be very successfully managed if the names of the gentlemen forming tbe committee can be taken as a guarantee. A meeting was held at the ?Literary Institute last Friday evening, ?when it was decided to arrange for the hiring of the Oddfellows' HalL With the musical talent we can boast of harino-at tiie Port theChoral Society should certainly flourish if the members, will only be punc tual J * I hear that our Police Magistrate (Mr. blade) is very seriously indisposed. Mr. Slade s duties iiave recently been extreme ly heavy, and no doubt he requires a short respiie. Our East Freaiantle railway station has been completed by the contractors (Messrs. HaiVood& Son), and a very excellent job ttvey have made . of it Our Municipal an 'chorities, however, ace, from what I can learn, entirely responsible for the delay in the opening of itforpoblic use, inasmuch as, ? unto, the approaches, to be pot down by the Municipality, are completed, we cannot enjoy the convenience of it. Bush-fires have been very numerous of late, which have burnt one or two of the telegraph poles between this and the City. The meteorological reports, which, are necessarily much looked fer at a sea-norfc town, are very irregularly exhibited at our Telegraph-office. It is certainly too bad that such important information is so often withheld from an office where it is so much sought after, by shipowners especially. The new contract between the Govern' menfc and the Adelaide Steam Ship Co. for four voyages to Cambridge Gulf, vi£ North-west ports, has been completed, at aa additional subsidy of £1,500 per annum. The Albany and Perth, both very suitable \- boats, will be employed in this work, in con junction with the Otway, while the voyages axe to be made in the months of March, June, September, and November.. The first trip of the Albany will be about the 24th instant, when the Cambridge Golf Go vernment Resident and survey parties vrdl embark for their destination. A large number of porkers, to tbe consign ment of Mr. Henry Smith, from Geraldton, ?were disposed of at public auction on Saturday last, and fetched good prices. The plant of your Port contemporary is Ijeing removed to Perth. The opening now for a good representative paper at the Port is a good one. Mr. John Weedon, a colonist of many years' standing, having sold his valuable property in High-street, is now engaged in winding up his affairs here and intends proceeding to England very shortly, ac -companied by his family, who are deserving of a well-earned holiday. Mr. Weedon's fine property has been sold to Dr. Hope, for upwards of .£3,500. I Mr. Wheeler, of tiie firm of Messrs. I Wheeler and Bennett, is certainlv doinu- us I a good turn, both here and at Perth — and I -gratuitously. Mr. Bennett regulates the I time every day at noon, and at that hour I communicates the same to Perth. The I thanks of tiie community, therefore, are doe I to that gentleman for his thonghtfnlness for I tbe public good. The importance of correct I time has long been felt and much written I about from time to time. I Monday. 