INQUEST. An adjourned inquest was held at the Court House, Northampton, on Saturday, February 27th, touching the death of Elizabeth Williams, aged 20 years, the daugtherof Mr. John Wil- liams of Willow-Gully. Mr. Samuel Mitchi 1', J.P. acted as coroner, and the jurors were Messrs. C. Baxter (foreman), Bernard Connolly, and J. Trevaskis. Mr. John Williams, father of the deceased, was present, but it was decided by the Coroner and jnry that he was not in a fit state to give evidence, being quite overcome with grief con sequent on the sad loss of his daughter. R. C. Howes, sweru, said, I was at Willow- Gully on the 12th insh.and am tiitorto Mr. Wil- hams' children ; at half -past nine on the day of the unfortunate occurrence we saw the smoke of a fire in tbe direction of the beach, which Beem- ed to be rapidly n earing the home paddock ; at about ten o'clock Mr. Williams started in the direction of the fire, Michael, (his son), and my self following him ; there was no other man on the premises ; we found that the fire had a strong hold of the grass, and had reached to within about balf-.-i-mile of the house ; we worked for about an hour in trying to prevent it spreading in a Northerly direction ; we then went back to where the" fire seemed to iiave got amongst the stubble in the field ; at abont two o'clock the deceased and her sister Norah came and brought some tea in a small billy ; they then got a couple of boughs and commenced to assist in trying to put out the fire ; the two girls were together, and were about 30 yards from Mr. Williams and 50 yards from where I was ; after the girls had been there about 30 minutes I heard one of them scream ; I am not sure which it was, but think it was Norah ; I looked around and saw the deceased's clothes were on fire ; I immediately ran towards her ; her father had reached her before I did; she rushed further into tbe stubble, and I endeavored to bold her whilst Mr. Williams tried to beat the fire out, and to pnll off her burning clothes ; at this' time the deceased again broke away and ran through the standing stubble, setting it on fire as she went ; she eventually fell down ; we got her up, and as qnickly as possible got ber burning clothes off ; her father then led her to a gully a short dis tance away, whilst I ran to the house for assis tance, and fetched everything we could think of that would be likely to beof assistance, suchas oil, sheets, See.; Michael Williams had by this time returned with a horse and trap ; the deceased was conveyed to her home, and lingered until about half-past eight; she was conscious to" within half-an-hour of her death ; I wish to add that the wind was blowing hard at the time of the occurrence, which made it difficult and almost impossible to put the fire out. By a juror : The gully was about 50 or 60 yards from where the fire occurred ; the flames were extinguished from her clothes before she reached the gully. By the Coroner : Did you at any time tell her to lie down 7 Yes, she was on a place that hat! been already burnt, and there was not thereto 1 e any standing stubble; I was then close to her, and still trying to put oat the fire ; it is not true that I told her to lie down amongst the standing stubble. Norah Williams was the next witness sworn. She said : I am a daughter of Mr. John Wil liams. and sister to the deceased ; I reside with my parents at Willow-Gully ; I was at home on Sunday the 21st.; there was" a fire near the place in one of the fields ; my father, Mr. Howes, and my brother Michael went down to put it out ; this was a little before dinner ; some time afterwards I, in company with, my sister (tbe deceased), then cotntnenc -d assisting in putting out the fire ; 1 was quite close to her at the time ; we were but a tow yards from my father and Mr. Howes ; where we then stood the ground was covered with wild oats and crass, and there was a fresh breeze blowing ; the fire seemed to travel towards the stubble ground ; as soon as my sister found her clothes on fire she ran towards my father, who tried to put it out, and pull her clothes off ; I pulled my sister out of the fire once, but she ran back again, setting the stubble on fire as the ran ; shortly after she ran out again ; when she ran back the second time into the stnbble my father fell down exhausted; hegotupshortlyafter and followed her, trying to pull off her clothes as she ran towards the gully ; my sister was brought home in a trap, and wrapped in a sheet saturated with oil ; she was sensible at the time; she died abont a quarter past eight the same evening ; I was not in the room at the time ; I am sure that Mr. Howes did not try to put out the fire on my sister's clothes, or to pull her out of the fire. By a juror : My sister was sensible when she was brought home ; she did not complain of anyone not rendering her any assistance ; the tea was about 50 yards from where my sister was when I went to fetch it ; I don't know if Mr. Howes rendered any assistance or in any- wav helped my sister whilst I went to f toll it The Coroner explained that Mr. William had been warned to attend, and was present but be, the Coroner, thought from what he could see of Mr. Williams that his mind was still not in a fit state for him to be examined. Mr. Mitchell then pointed oit to the jury tiiat if they were not satisfied with the evidence they had heard, it would be bis duty to agaiu ad- ttflMMCOivV £4- >An 4-1, J,..- X X _ t X _ JVIUU bUC i J lb W AO 1DL UlUUi U) U6C10.6 and not him. The jury said after the evidence they had heard they thought it quite unneccessary for there to be any farther adjournment. The Coroner therefore summed up. He said there could be no doubt as to the cause of death ; the evidence was quite plain on that point. As for tbe statement as to the want of energy displayed in one instance in trying to save the life of the poor girl, he. (the Coroner) did not lay much stress upon it. Undoubtedly, as was often the case iu such trying and sudden circum stances, people were apt to Lose their self -posses sion. But what the jury had mainly to decide upon was how the deceased came by her death. The verdict of the jury was as follows : — " That "Elizabeth Williams was accidentally burnt to ."death whilst trying to put out a bush-fire, "aud the jury consider that all parties pre- " sent did their best under the circumstauce6.' 