DEATH IN THE BUSH. An inquest was held on Thursday after- noon in the Perth Police Court, before Mr. G. C. Knight, J. P., on the remains of a man unknown, found in Muddy Reach, at the Canning, on Wednesday. The jury, which consisted of Mr. H. Strick- land (foreman), Mr. John A. Findlay, and Mr. Forster, visited the remains of the deceased, which had been removed to the hospital. Nothing but the bones re- mained, and they had the appearance of having recently been charred by a bush fire. Only a small portion of the cloth- ing adhered to the bones, but the shoes of the dead man were intact. The re- mains had not definitely been identified, although it was surmised that they Were those of James Goddard, a boatman who was lost in July last. A young man named Faraham Shearn said that on Wednesday he went out to Muddy Reach swamp to see whether the dividing fence between his father's land and that of Mr. Watt had been damaged by a recent bushfire. About twenty yards west of the fence and at a distance of about three quarters of a mile from Mr. Watt's house he came upon a heap of human bones. He reported the matter to the police, who removed them. Dr. Stevens, resident surgeon at the hospital, said that he had examined the remains of the deceased, who appeared to have been a man about 5ft 10in or 5ft 11in. in height. Only the bones remained, and there were no indi- cations upon them to show what had been the cause of death. Lance Sergeant Claffey said that on July 18 of last year Mr. McGibbon of Fremantle reported to the police that one of his men, James God- dard, was missing, having left his boat on the 12th July. The police made search for Goddard in the bush at the Canning for a fortnight, but without success. Ex-constable William Shean said that on July 24, 1885, he was in- structed to search at the Canning for Goddard. Along with a native he tracked him from near Canning Landing as far as a few yards west of Watt's pad- dock. Be then lost all trace of the tracks and after searching for four days did not come upon him. The point at which he lost the tracks was about twenty yards from the spot at which the body was found. He knew the tracks he followed to be those of James Goddard, as he had a peculiar manner of walking. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that there was no evidence to indicate the cause of death ; and added that they believed the remains to be those of tho mau James Goddard. 