LOCAL AND GENERAL. MI. IM. S Waring, having resigned his connection with the Bank of Victoria to take the important position of accountant in the Commercial Bank. Brisbane, his numerous frends determinod to avail them selves of the opportunity to show the esteem in which he is held throughout the town and district. Though not one to court popularity, Mr. Waring has, by his upright conduct and many other estimable qualities, gained universml respect, and whilst the news of his intended departure for another colony was received with very general regret, the fact tnat the change meant material advancement for him was recognized as the reward of merit. Mr. Waling was first entertained at the White Hart Hotel last .vening by the Wimmera Ldge, No. 1786 E.C. of which he hadlieen hon. organist, and the esteem in which he is held whs evidenced by the at tendance of every melmber,save one or t'wo prevented by illness or:other unavoidable causes. In the absencofroms town of, the W\M. (lro. Twig,), Bro. E. C. lRogers, P.M. o -uipied the chair; and, ii proposing the health ofthe gnest, paid'aimlarked but deserved tribute to.the clracser.land troe Masonir c ifeeli ng--l.i , . i n tCJQ'IW AX j4·I~'b~6"ru~.d~n.MAC!; concludihg a,enlogiati opeech by hi him God speed in his newsphere of f'o and begging Is acceptance froa ff members of a? diamond locket with ,las_ emblem; and, on behalf of 3sj. Wa of a liIver:card basket. Both locket ant baikot,-whics were obtained fcs0 Mr. Mille, Jeweller, of Wilson street, wt admired for theelegan e of design r sll workmanship. In a brief hut feeling speec4 Bro. Waring thanked his fellow memiber for the handsome gifts which, with t! ckindly expressions with which they were a?, companied, would ever he prized, and .?t that some of the most plcasing recoll etionsef Horsham would be the brue friendshi, formed and pleasant evenings spent with. the members of the Wimmosra Lodge ~ the chairman intimated that other friends, the guest were about to banquet him, and t. tended speeches would have to be curtailel, Bro. IL Clark, and ethe membe simply endorsed the complimcntar references of the chairman, when proposinp the toast, and the company separtteL Subsequently, a number of the ieal ing residents, comprising representa. fives of all classes, entertasinerld r Waring at the Royal Hotel, the tables being tastefully laid and a sutrptuoes past proyided by Host Barrett Mr. li. If. Andrews presided and full justice harin been done to the good things providedl,. most enjoyable evening was egent. the health of the guest of the ereniug hein proposed in felicitous terms std arpra. priately responded to. The ton t of 1r. Waring's successor (Hr. Davies, friom Inglewood) was also warmly recei"ed and respondcd to, and a number cf excellcnt songs and ree tations rendered by various members of the company, the very pleasant proceedings continuing to a late hour. Mr. Waring will leave for -1eltourn, to-day en route for Brisbane. AT the iforsham Court of Petty Assi:r on Friday, before Messrs. IL 1. reuSer nay R. Clark, junr., J's.P., Constable JMatear proceeded against t. Gordon, undecr the Borough Bye-laws, for riding acrs s the footray in Macpherson street ; in the absence of Mr. A. J. Twigg, Lorough sldici tor, Mr. De C. Ireland appeared fo: the prosecution, tire defendant being fnoal R0 with 2ls costs. The same conte; Ite pro ceeded against Arnold Cleman fr drivinr over a water channel, for which a fne of c was also inflieted, with 21s cotsa. A m a named Alfred Chandler, charged swh rlaw fully assaulting Loo King, was fired .!£, with £2 10s costs; Mr. Ireland appea?r. for the complainant, and from the et-idenee adduce d, it appeared that the .s-sel r a entirely unprovoked, the defender. Ilanvin knocked the Chinaman down end kicked hhnim. Richard Roche, chargel by Meesr. Beard & Sisson with absenting himself from his hired service, was remanded to appear at Natimuk. A MIAN named Richard Roche eharet the Natimuk Police Court en Frida~ , before Messrs. H. B. Kruger and J. Ruse, 's.?., with absenting himself from the eired service of Messrs. Beard and Sisson, Ras ordered to return to work by Mo day nert, failing which he would be otherwise deal with. AccounTs are at the Sub-Treasury, Hor sham, payable to D. Cahill (a?, J. Brake, ,. Crouch, J. Freeman, G. Lorimer, Warraic nabeal Vermin Board, G-. E. Whiting, £L Sutcliffe, J. H. Brady, W. 3. C?owther. Mn. VW. CArnrETEB, at present stationed at Dunolly,is expected to arrive anThursday and take charge of the Hersha railw station. Mr. Smith has been appointed to Warrenheip, near Ballarat, for which plate he will leave on Friday. BD advertisement it will be seen thattbh National Bank of Australasia, which Inn hitherto been represented at Jung .fang on Tuesdays and Fridays, has now decided, on account of the importance of the district and the success already achieved, to epen daily in that township. The management has been eonferred upon Mr. IL. S. Gregson, who for some time has occupied the po?itinnef accountant in the Horsham branch, and Ic much eteenied for his business and social qualities. In Mr. Gregson the residents, Jung Jung will find a capable banker a-s a gentleman ready at. all times to enter heartily into any movement for the good o the district. He will be succeeded here by Mr. A. J. L Taylor, for many years engadge in the.New Zealand Loan and 3derca"nit Agency C., Melbourne. TaIE rainfall for the month of December, as registered at the local Post and Telegrasp ofilee, was 2 inches 36 points, falling on C days, making the record for the year ISIS, 15 inches 4G points, falling in 95 days. A LAWN tennis match was played on S urday between the newl)-formed Horshali Bohemian Club and the Stawell Itoecr, resulting in an casy victory for the vieitare by 39 games to 21. The Bohemia:s were completely over-matched, but it is only ju to mention that, owing to the absence of out of their best men, they were not represeted by their strongest team. The players were -For the Rovers, Dr. Fleming, P?yns Kelso, and Colqulhoun; and for the lfohee ians, Darke, Russell, F. Tyrvrs an Short. MessRS A. Cameron and K. Clerk. jeat. J's.P., presided yesterday at the oRe1-in Court, Horsham, when the electoral I-e f' the \W\immera division of the North Weater~ Province of the Legislative Comet i?re presented by Mr. E. C. Rogers and eertited; the lists for the Legislative Assembly ere submitted by Mr. S. B. Bolton for the Hforsham, Lawloit, WVarra.knabeal, Ke'el and Arapiles divisions, all being certifieadt as correct; the only alterations being in the Lawloit division ; E. J. Braithwaite, i Sutcliffe, and Frederick Eyre, Lillier North; John IL Nealey, Nhill; and Ja. Rees, Dimboola, being struck off, that names having been placed on the rateps?ay roll since the compilation of the generdlist The number of electors on the lists compid I by the Registrar at Horsham are as follo : -Ratepaying electors, Longerenong, 511; Warracknabeal, 381; Kewell, 413; Ar?p'? G05; Horsham, 897; Lawloit, 1511; a 4,430. Electors on general roll-Horsltr, 200; Arapi'es, 45; Warracknabesl, 1~; Kewell, 52; Lawloit, IS9; total, G;2S; balk lists comprising 5,058. In this calulkti the general roll for Longeronong doae c appear, it having been withdrawn from It Bolton's list since the ratepayers' list aR prepared, and is now compiled by the depatl registrar at Rupanyup. DURISnu the last few days the weather ke been very oppressive. On Saturday evens. a slight thunderstorm broke aver t de trict, but tihe heat has since been muggs 0 the extreme. Normsoa new has transpired coucrr4 the Wimmera election, and, so far, Idlea Madden, Baker, and Arnold are tIke ~I caididates announced. As mentionedinaJr last issue, Mr. Madden will visit Inn0rsr to-day to confer with his snpporteras. TIe following memo, has been recen* ly the secretary of the Iorsham lifle ela -" Tie annual distribution of pribes i connection with the V.IL.A. will take pbh. atS.30 p.m on Tuesday, 2nd Febrrass the Melbourne Town HalL Priketeslk £3 and upwardswill meet at S o'clock shar at Bourke and WVills' monument, esr ' Collins and Russell streets, agl sill1 mareledt, the Town Hall by the s oficeirn chrge. TheGovernor rllul thie prizcs; cheques of smaller alune i I£3 M'ill be forwarded immediately aftr 2nd February. Prizes in kinai ' prj ae-tobe.had at the V.~ afterl-te"2 d Febru.ry on applitlsoiu-., r aeSei -- ~ G: an !isse. GsisOnRx (pupil of Madame Lacy ,irs), i omjaneti WithnlisstI ossop, 1 gelbournn, and assisted by IMliss Christie sail Mr. North, will give a vocal and instru seatal concert in the Mechanics' Hall on Friday evening A varied and attractive ra- me has been arranged, and tickets Jay be secfroed from Messrs Ryan, hlaird, al Bilstedl. A? onr.lso: to announeement made in heasc columnsin a recent issue, Mr. Henry tglyton, artst. of Ballarat, is now poylng a sisitto IHorsham, with the object of obtain inog conlurisions in the exercise of his art, and jadgisg from a numberot portrait paint -ing, in ater colors and oil, a view of which rt,: wer favored with yesterday, the reputa _ton " MIr. Clayton has not been too highly euligi.ed in the various s atements that ture appeared in the public press. The itding of His Excellency the Governor Dr Loch, the :dev. Charles Buller, of -leutchurch, New Zealand, and others xgenr to be excellent portraits, whiist thlat f?VArchdeaconJrubns,of Ballarat, is especially . As Mir. Clayton's present stay in Hor alnsm is limited to a few days, intendi ng strons should take an early opportunity of :-_siting 1him a± t.heS hite Hart Hotel. Par s hculars as to charges, &c.;, will be found in ie advertisement. Ar a meeti~ g of the Dinboola A. & P. ocietry, Lc1k hult week, the secretary read se statement of receipts and expenditure, hich, accoding to the Blanner, showed rcceipts £33i g3e d, and expenditure £334 E 1 .d, showing a credit balance of 12s 4d. a a subsidy of f120 is expected from the .,overncenut, the society may be considered i. in excellent condition. Tu1 men Fenton, iho is under committal iu the Ararat gaol on a charge of stealing a oCvantity of wheat at Jung Jung, managed, : aIs the Adlrcri a r, to conceal on his person u watch, also alleged to have been s'olen, in a vary clever manner. He was searched at .t:swell by the police, but the watc.h was ?e?t discovered, but on being lodged in the r'1l the watch was found when the prisoner swas being mnade to change his clothes. 311?. t:mauins had intended addressing his cionstituents at Echuca to sthht, when he .onuld have indicated the policy to be pursued when he forms his government. hlu neting has to be postponed, however, Lecause the adjourned lRadical caucus is to .e held to-day, and it is necessary that the Lon. gentlemIn should know what decision has been come to by that body Ssrfore hI speaks at Echues Mr. Patterson -i1i follow with an address to the electors .4 Csst'cmaine. At the last meeting of the Shire Council i Kowree,aayathe Spectator, the President _are notice of his intention to more that a ;otee of the ratepayers be taken as to the :.ivi?ability or otherwise of increasing the ,rlmber of councillors from six to nines :,nd as to whether it was desirable or not to ,cld all Council meetings at Edenhope in l-ture. It hasisng been matter for surprise that in so extensive a Shire as that of ?. owree, there should be only six councillors instead of nine, and there is little doubt the iudler representation iwill be decided upon. As to the permanent removal of the Council -leetings, we believe it will be found'quite a burning q?S?tion," and cause no little rerci ement. AT the last mseting of the St. Arnaud :*hire CGuncil it was decided to ask the lUailway Department for a refrigerating car t ? rur fsom Donald to Melbourne every 'tuesday. InT arrest was made on Saturday morn ing, at Goldsbrough, by Detective O'Callag earn? of a man who is believed to have been ;be principal of the gang of robbers who attempted to stick up the Hoddle-street c"uach of the Commercial.Bank on Tuesday ist. His name is Alfred Beal, and lhe is 26 en_-s of age. The detectives haesi ricently gained information, which shows that the -rrolver which was used was purchased by T?Dl The prisoner Murray has acknowledged 1tat he was one of the'gang, and, according to the Ayus, has stated that when the bank manager fired his'TeTolver,-he instinctively. ut his arm up to hielddhis head, andithus ceired the shot in'ith arm, for which he us treated at the Melbourne Hospital. Acmor.ia c to the Ensign, the use -of ý'osphorised grain for rabbits is gaining -avrr very fast in the Harrow district. Those using it are greatly pleased with its mriacy, and aver that if everyone went to work-Government men and all-and if it was properly mixed and distributed, the days of the rabbit pest would be numbered. 1he Kohoree Shire on Wednesday decided to purchase a phosphorising machine for the -purpose of supplying phosphorised grain to :.ie atepayers. Tlx. outbreak of the second fire which scctured on Wednesday last, at Jones' bond, vas explained at the inquest held upon the Aody of William Hubbard, a storeman who ozs se-erely burnt and died from theeffccts. It appears that Hubbard was engaged re ,itring keacsene tins inside the building. ,r that purpose he had a fire in the store, -rd a younger brother, who was assisting iim., went dose to it, whenhisapron caught lnubbwrd, eeeing his brother in flames, eshed to his asistance, and in the hurry md excitement, allowed his own apron to fuite. Evidently losing all presence of -i~?, he rushed about trying to extinguish 7ile flames. and in doing so, some cases of ter-stc'eI caught fir,. A V EyrTLSma in Sandhurst has shown the :,smliVo Advertlicr a letter which he has reeiired conce-ning the losses of a relative of -is. MAr. William Psice, residing at Gerange. -nete, ten miles from Colac, during the :e-'ent bush-fire in the Western district. Mr f'rice, who is a settler at the place mentioned -ud owner of 1000 acres of land, has lost seerything but his house and garden, which -ese saved with great difficulty. lie bad been engaged in wattle-planting, and had 24 Olus of wattle lark stripped and ready for t'rtung. The bullocks were in the dray seady fv r the start when the firewas seen coming. He has lost all his wattle trees, a a'n years' growth, valued at£1000. He also hlt his cattle. The -writer of the letter had itien oe-cr the ground. The scene, with Ihi remains of theeoor beasts which had t<een roasted to death, was too dreadful to lLscrble. WA at present (says the P. C. ewes) seems a very mysterious affair, took place on Ariday. Air. L Schmidt, the well-known ieesuitih in, Main- street, Stawdel, left his h~Mle at a very early hour, leaving his purse aud watch behind him. It appears that Air Schmidt has been troubled in his -iend for some time about businessnot being := brik as he expected it to be, and it appear that this somewhat preyed upon his ?hLil, as he told his wife that he could oUt g"t on as he ought to do, seeing ihe etforts he was makingto succeed. At l-out fur o'clock- it appears that Mr. l'ledt. was eonving 'about, -but no otice sas taken, us it was thonght tl;a the hat prevented him from sleeping, and" that ;e was only going out to cool himself; but -S he did snt return, at about sil o'clock his :'n went t, the shop to see if: lie as there, 1t0 notrace could beound of him. During tL.eay the olice heard, nuours of the affair, '"-' 'Terant Ryan instituted enquiries, and 'ar'eld a certain'extent These investga lin:.taced hirs towardthe Ararat road, rwosCornioish TOn, as ifina towards the liOtic reserse or the Black Itanges. " hat ienes his family and friends more a'uaio isathatheladr lit tlday'ire no aUd that a asor h reieg tosian cannot be A sesi s a:peain~ heJtojndte \- y' r ,arrTi' rWia-aaso |.«i 'tn fi TmE announcement that the Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Moorhouse, hIas een off?e ' and accepted the see of Manchester,has,. says the Telegraph, occasioned much- sur prise and regret. While everyone will con gratulate the bishop on his preferment, all ,will still regard his departure as a national calamity. He has been essentially "a bishop of all-denominations,"and has,-in addition, exeretsed :a powei for good in" public matter,. HEuEc is an excellent example (the /lrtid l thinks) to all amateur iulthors: - The faumous Muscovite' writer, Coint Tolsti, has recently had 'troitile withl his head,' anud has sought relief by abandonhig writing forlthe time being, and apprenticing himself to a shoemaker." TtsEY were both blue ribbon men (says 'Elres), and on the third day of their walking tour they made one of the most hospitable home stations in the Western district. It was a regular " baker," and the weater by the way had been as scarce as angels' visits. Unknowingly 3I'Longwool banded them two glasses of milk punch, and unknowingly they drained them. The tourist with the blue ribbon showing at his buttonhole looked at Mr. MILongwool for a moment, and then from his lips, still moist with the nectar of the gods, burst forth the words, "By Jove! what a cow." M1-. H. LcEEu teacher of music, will re commence duties on Thursday. 31n. W. BcLINSo, dentist, will isit Horsham on Friday next and may, as usual be consulted at Barrett's Iloyal Hotel. ATniLTric Sports will be held in lIorsham, as usual, on St Patrick's Day. Tim annual meeting of the Casnum Farmers' Union will be held, as per adver tisement, on Saturday next. Alt members are reqluested to attend. Mn. Tino,. Yorsc- directs attention to the charing sale of Mr. Johnl Carrick, to take place on his farm, MoKenzie Creek, to-day at one o'clock. Mu. S.ct. 1ose, draper, outfitter, &e.;, notifies the receipt of a choice assortunent of goods at the premises formerly occupied by the London Chartered Bank. Recrn E.-'" Our guide to the Gippsland Lakes," pullished by Mr. M. L. Hutclinson. This lit le book contains full inufonnrmtion as to the lakes and their surrouudings, and, before setting out for the locality, every tourist should become possessed of a copy. 