? ?' .-GAB ME LIKE: - THE CONVICT'S BRIBE. A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT. ,.By FJBANCIS A. DX7STVAGE, ADTDOIl OP ? 'The Brother's Sccr,cl,' 'A ]*,( life,' ' l-onlc!roy,' Ac. CHAPTER. X; (Continued.) ' Poverty. I have a long journay to make —a voyage ot months— and it requires money, a hundred pounds.' : 'Then you'll have to give it up,1 ? said Wilson. ' Where aro tho hundred pounds to come from?' 'I BBk you for it, I beg it of yon, to save yonr ohild's life. I must go to Australia. I must be near my husband. It is the last favor I will ever ask of you. I will never sue to you for another penny, for another morsel of bread. Do this and be rid of me for evor. Alas ! alas 1 I know now that you never loved me.' ' And why should I lovo you ?', ' You ask why a father Bhould lova biB only child 1' ' You aro not my ohild.' 'Not your ohild 1' 'No. And if yonr own father oasts yon off, why Bhould yon expect that I could be bo sweet on you?' Oarmeliue saw that he had been drinking deeply, and waa uncertain how much truth there was in what he said. But ho went on in the same strain. ' Your father might shell out tho needful, but it is not very likely.' ' Of whom are you epealnnK, sir ?' 'Of his graoo, the Earl of Elwood.' Carmeline was certain now that .hor sup posed father did not know what he was say ing. Ho kept chuckling and laughing, and repeating : ' Ay, ay, the Earl of Elwood, tho Earl of ' Elwood. A peer of the realm— holds his head as high as a prince of the blood-royal. Wouldn't acknowledge a poor devil of an innkeeper as his brother- in-law, not he. If I could only prove — but no matter 1 Ho . ahelled out pretty liberally though.' ' What are you saying about the Earl of .. Elwood, sir?' 'Nothing, nothing. Oo to bed; don't bother me to-night. A hundred pounds I Fdhaw I a tuero triflo. Of course I've got 'em lying round loose, tied up in an old stooking. or something. I'm rioh, by Jupi ter I Of course you shall havo tho hundred ' pounds ! I think I see myself giving 'em to youl Go to bedlgo to bed.' - Carmeline -Zirf goto bed with a heavy heart, The next day she again sought the innkeeper before ho had time to becloud his faculties. ' Sir,' she said, ' last night you told ms a strange Btory.' 11 1 can't remember the day alter what I said overnight.' 'Do you remember mo asking yon for a hundred pounds ?' .'-'? Something of the sort.' ' And you resisting my appeal, and saying that I was cot your ohild.bntthe daughter o' Borne great nobleman.' ' And you were green enough to believe me ? Pehaw 1 When I'm in my cups I have strange fancies sometimes. You a lady an-T the daughter of a nobleman I The sooner yon get Bach notions out of your head the better.!' 'I will not dwell upon tho subject since yon tell me you were only jesting. But, dear father, let me renow my request. I mint have the means to go to Australia. My life depends upon it.' ' Woll, well, I'll see abont it. I'll see ?what oan be dono. I won't forget.' 'Eamember,' said Carmeline solemnly, ' that my life depends upon my obtaining that money. I am not jesting.' '., When Thomas Wilson was alone ho chuckled over an idea which bad ontered his soheming brain. He went to his desk and indited a letter to tho Earl of Elwood— for Carmeline'a -father had succeeded . to the title — in which he pleaded fora remittance of a hundred pounds, to be used for the benefit of the earl's daughter. Eo requested it should be sent nndor cover to him, and ho promised, if the Earl acoeded to his request, that he would never again tronble him for. money. The letter waa by no means ill written, and Wilson almost Haltered himself that the amount asked for would como.by return 'of mail. Of course, he never intended civioK Garmeline ono penny of it. Thomas Wilson, landlord of the George, knew better than that. Two days afterward tho letter- oarrier stopped at the George Inn. 'This is for you, Mrs. Vornon,' he said, placing a letter in Carmeline's hand aa Bhe stood at the door. She glanced round to see that no one was looking. Sbo bad grown suspicious ot every c lo. The London postmark 1 Who could have written her from London ? It was ad dressed, too, Carmelinq . Wihon—not hor married namo. Sho hastened to her room and tore it open. It contained a chequo on the Overton Bank for one hundred pounds sterling, payable to bearer, and was signed 'Elwood.' It seemed a gift from Heaven. Her prayers had been heard, her wishes gratified. She did not stop toank' how it appened that the exact eum she wanted came from London. Sho had forgotten the name of Elwood— she could think of nothing tut tho money and all it promised her. Hiding tho precious slip of paper, she hurried to tho bank. Tho cashier was slightly acquainted with hor, and nodded. ? 'How carelessly ho handled the cheque, glanced at it, and then tossed it in a drawer. . ' How will you havo it, ma'am ?' : ' In small notes, if you please.' She took the money, hid it, and hastened back to tho inn. She had not smiled for many a day, but now there was actually something like a smile on her wan, weary face. Her reputed father met her at tho door and noticed her expression. '^fou look something like you used to be,' ho grunted. ?' Father, Bomo kind friend, some angel in 'disguise, has sent me a hundred pounds from London. Was it you ?' 'I was tho means of it,' ha muttered. 'How did thismonoy oomo?' ' In a letter — a cheque.' ' Signed by whom ?' 'I don't remember. May wood, or some Buoh namo.' 'Elwood?' ' Yes, that was it. Only just Elwood.' 11 An old pal of mine in the city. I wrote to him abont you.' ' Dear— dear father I' 'No thanks, girl.' He was greatly disappointed in not get ting the romittancffhimself, but, on second thoughts, conoluded it was as well to let tho girl go. Sho would never be a burden or expense to him. When all was arranged for the journey to London, she bade him an affectionate faro well, and he made a bypocriticali show of parental affeotion. It did not deceivo her. She felt that sho was an unloved ono. The Conqueror, an emigrant ship, lay in tho Thames, She was orowded with passen gers eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thousand miles, by the shortest route, lured by fabulous stories of the golden wealth of Australia. Carmelino had engaged a steerage passage, BO that . sho might at the end of her voyage still have some funds left to support her until Bhe should obtain employment in the far-off, unknown land. A strango mixture of people surrounded her — bad and £bod, with a predominance of tbo former. . But she formed the acquaint anoe of a quiet family, and associated with them exclusively during the tedious voyage of four months. In spite of gnawing care, she felt a thrill of pleasure when at last the land-breeze wafted to tbo ship the odor of spicy flowers. Soon a dear little land-bird lighted in tho rigging. Then, as night deepened, Capo 01 way Light sent forth its cheering beams, like tho rays of the star of hope. That night Carmelino conld not close her eyes. She sat on tho crowded deck, watching tho constellations th blazed above her in all tho beauty of a south ern heaven. Tho next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along tho elevated coaat o! Cape Otway forest, and entered Port Phillip_ Bay. Tho pilot came aboard, bringing files of Melbourne papers, which were distributed among tho passengers. One of these was read aloud by Mr. Jones, the head of tho family to whioh Carmeline had attached her self during the voyage. ? 'Ah I' said he; 'here's something. Two convicts shot in trying to escape. Sarvo 'em right 1' ''Where did this happen, sir ?' asked Car meline. '? At Norfolk Island.' Norfolk Island I— tho place of M« imprison ment I Sho forced herself to say : ' I suppose tho namoB of theBe unfortu nate men aro not given, sir?' ' Unfortunate men, my dear ?' said Mr. Jones, ' I tell you they were conviots. No names? Yes; here's the names in full — Isaao Thompson and Luke Vernon, the last n desperate character, the paper says.' With an appalling shriek, the oonvicts wife fell to tho deck. Mr. Jones applied tho usual restoratives in cases of fainting. Tho inoident caused but a momentary excitement on the crowded deok. ' Only a woman in a fit,' passed from mouth to mouth, and the drinking, singing, and specu lating wero resumed aftor a minute's in terval. 'Poor thing I' whispered Mrs. Jones to her husband. ' She told me her namo Was Vernon. Maybo ono of them men was hor husband.' Carmelino was long in coming to herself, and then the effort to appear calm almost killed her. . But she asked to Beo tho paper after awhile, and, hiding her faco with tho broad sheet, read every word of tho_ fatal nowB. The two convicts wero attempting to escape in a boat ; tho guard fired en them, and they Bank. Bodies not recovered. . Dead I dead I He, whom she lovod in spite of his guilt, was dead, and sho was alono in tho world, thirteen thousand miles from England I . Sbo did not shed a tear, and a freozing torpor, liko that of death, congealed her frame. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbore to question her. . . . ' Wo aro ijoing ashore now,' said the good woman. 'Mr. Jones has engaged a boat to tako us to Liardet's beaoh. Will you oomo with us ?'' ' . \- 'Yea- oertainly,' ropliod Oarmehne, in a hurried, flighty way. 'Certainly, oer tainly.' After landing, tho Joneses insisted on her riding withthem, in a cart thoy had engaged, to Melbourne. Thoy wore going yet farther, but Oarmelino stopped uj the town. Sho engaged lodgings with aScotohwoman, a Mrs. Murdookson, who had been re commended to her by tho captain of tho Conqueror. The terms were frightfully high, yet low in oompariHon with those of other boarding places. 'You will havo supper, of course?' said tho landlady, as she Bhowed her guest into a miserable attio room. ' Only a oup of tea,' gasped Carmelino. » Kost-roBt I I want roat.' She laid aside her bonnet and Bhawl, then lay down upon the bod without undressing. The landlady brought the toa, which was swallowed ; then undressed and went to bea. ' Dead 1 dead 1' Bho kept murmuring, aa ahe pressed her hands to her burning head. CHAPTEU XI. AUSTRALIA— IS TIIE BOSH. Carmeline awoke from a troubled sleep un refreshed, and with her awakening oamo a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant than the agony Bhe felt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first came to her on shipboard. For dayB ehe moved on as in a dream— f torpid, listless, despairing. At last cama a letter from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The JoneseB were trying their fortune there, and they needed help in tho housekeeping. They offered Carmeline bed, board ana wages for her domestio services. Sho folt that Bhe must go to work, not only to support herself, for her money was fast ebbing away, bnt that Bhe needed employ, mentaso diversion from brooding over her boreavomont. Sho answered the letter, ao ceDtinE tho offer, and announcing that she would go through with the first conveyance that left Melbourne under osoort, for evil oharaoters loitered about tho traok .of emi wants, and moro than ono family had been plundered by bushrangerB, so that it was not iafo to-venturo on tho traok without the pro tection of the armed and roountod police. In a few days tho opportunity occurred, and sho secured a place in a wagon belonging to one Miko Mulligan, who, with his wife and two children, wore bound for tho gold distriot. When sho had paid hor fare nnd settled with her landlady sho found she had loft thirty pounds sterling. This was none too much for a reserve fund in a country whore a lew days I' iljness would absorb even a larger amount. Carmolino was very ill when she took leave of Mrs. Mur'dockson, hor kihd-boarted land lady, who urged hor to postpj.no hor journey, but her feverish impatienco to obtain some thing liko a home in a strangoland urged her forward. Too distance to bo traversed was about oighty milos, but as there wero bullook teams in the train, tho progress of tho caravan was necessarily slow ; moreover, tho road in some places was doop and difficult, and tho omi* grants could only hope to reach their desti nation in four or five days. It was a motley procession of mounted men, tilt-carts, |and heavy baggage wagons, Bomo of them piled with household furniture. Tho escort consisted of a dozen well mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating carbines slung at their backs, and helmets on their heads. When they reached a suitdblo spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in tho open air. It was no pleasure trip. At froquent inter vals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of stioky mud that olung to the wheels of the wagons liko glue. They passed through forests savago and dense. Sometimes they saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept tho country with devouring flamos, leaving horo and thore groat traots of dead, ecorohed trees, that loomed up in tho night against the starry sky liko ghastly skeletons. Sometimes a huge fallen treo barred tho road, and it was necessary either to how it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by tho road-side. In crossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune. His wagon broke down, and his jaded horseB refused to move a step further. Ho vainly sought to procure other animals to enable him to keep paco with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as muoh as they could do already ; many of the draught animals had brokon down, and all tho spare ones had been forced into harness. The utmost that could be done for tho un fortunate family was to tako thorn on in one of tho baggago wagonB. But Mike and his wife could not abandon tho cart. It contained their little all. Nor would Carmelino leave them in their distress. Sho had conceived an affection for those poor honest people. Though they did not urge her, sho know that they would be rejoiced to have her stay with them. Alter all, what was ono night passed out of doors under a beneficent Australian sky? Some of tho emigrants went to work and got Mikt'd wagon out of the bed of tho stream and drew it to a dry plaee by tho road-side. The horses did not need to bo hobblod ; they wore too tired to stray. By the time this job was finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind shook hands with Mike and then started to regain t. Mike's wife sat down on a rock and had a good cry ; while Carmeline played with the ohildren and Miko lit his pipe. After this solaco the man went to work, and succeeded in a few hours in repairing his wagon. But tho horses were still unfit for work, and night was coming on. Mike thought that they could manage to sleep comfortably enough under the canvas cover of the cart, jptfMmxpressed a ohildish I eator ' lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and alFthim haythen animals that go roarin' round seckin' somebody to devour.' Carmeline, who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that he]had nothing to fear on that acoount.for such dan gerous animals were unknown. ' Sure, thin, it's a bliasod country, miss,' was his reply. ' St. Patriok must have taken it in his way when ho came to dhrive tbim varmints ont of ould Ireland into the say.' . Carmelino took him aside. ' Mike,' she said, ' there ara those' who nva Tiinrn rtnndfirnus than wild hmisfcs' nhrl reptiles.' . ' Ghosts and banshees, miss ?' 'No, no, Mike; but had men — thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watoh to- night. Aro you armed ?' ' ' Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Arheri oan six-shooter as money oan Buy.' ' I hopo you will havo no occasion to nse it. But I would make no fire. We can dispenso with tea and colleo.' Following Oarmeline's advico, tho little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under tho cover of the cart and arranged themselves aa well as thoy could for the night — an anxious one, which passed, however, without inoident. At dawn ot day the harsh screams of a hundred cockatoos, making a mueio liko the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoko them. Other birds joined lag- magpies, leatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red, and blue parrots, (lew from branch to branch of tho forest. Tall cranes stalked along tho banks of the river, or stood motion leas beside it. : ?' Mike bad not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow 1 he was tired out, and had taken moro than one nap, grasping his revolver, however. With the opening of day his toil recommenced. Tho hordes, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their nil of a short, sweet gras3, were in a good con dition. The oart would hold together, pro vided thero were no more bad places to cross. So they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their march. After a short distance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Catmelino alighted to pluok some, telling the Mulligans to keep on and she would soon overtake-them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs; lobelias, orcbisses, and a beautiful flower liko the star of Bethlehem which she had never seen before. Passionately fond of flowers— those most delicate gifts of Heaven — the young widow was lured from Bpot to spot by their fascination. She left.the beaten traok and struck into tho woods, attraoted by some crimson or anowv beaut; peeping from the crass. Sho did not go far, howover. Whon Bho had gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oc cupy the children lor hours in making bouquets and coronals, sho hurried baok to wards the road, as she thought. But it is easy to lose one's self in the Aus tralian bush, and lost sho soon discovered, that sho was. Sho oried aloud, straining her lunga to the qtmoat. ' Mike I Miko 1' Alas I only the discordant oriea of cocka toos and parroquets answered her. ' Mike I Miko I' she cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered elolhea, look ing indeed like wild beasts, mado their' ap- pearance. Each of them carried a stout stick in his hand. ' Can wo do anything to servo you, mum?' asked one of them, duoking his head with mock civility. She controlled her terror, and answered : 'I havo lost my way, sir. If you guido me to tho road, you will earn my thanks.' ' When one gets lost in the bush,' said the spokesman of tho two, ' it's a matter of lite and death. Thanks is woll enough. ' But it's worth money to find tho trail again.' 'I'll pay you liberally,' said Carmelino, incautiously. ? . ' She's got monoy,' said tho first ruflian to his companion. The other winked. 'Well, mum, I'm agreeable to aot as guido,' said the man. 'Follow us, my charmer. We know tho bush. This way.' They broko a way for Oarmelino through the d.enso undergrowth. But they led her Buoh a distance thGtshebecamoalarmod; she know the road could not bo so far oil, and when thoy had reached a beaten track she halted. I 'Docs not this path lead to the main ' road? ' she asked. ' Yea'ura. Turn to tho right and you will soon Blriko it,' answered the man Bhe had addreseod. We'd go with you, but me and my pal has retired from publio life and nover show ourselves to our contemporaries.' ' I will now pay you for your eervic63,'Baid C.-.rmelinc. 'Yes'um. The regular, fee for guidin' a hindividual out of the bu3h is two pounds.' 'Two pounds I' ' Two pounds, mum, regular, But when a lady's in tho case, wo deduoks half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, it you please.' ' Unfortunately all Carmcline'ti money was together, and sho had to produce her little roll of notes. '.' Seeing is having I' shouted the foremost rulliin, and he snatched tho treasure out of her hand. Not heeding hor piteous cry ,tho two villians Bpraug into the bush. To turn to tho right and fly along tho path with the speed of the fawn was Carmelino's instant action. But to hor horror, at a turn ot tho path tho ruffians again confronted her. 'Haiti' oriod tho man v,ho had done all tho talking, brandishing his club. ' You are our lawful prize.' Carmelino shrieked aloud for help, though well aware of the hopelessness of humarT aid. 11 Give her a rap over the knowledge-box,' said the second ruflian. 'All right,' replied his comrade, and a torriblo blow laid her senseless on tho ground. . ' I swear,'aaid the assailant, as he stooped to lift her, ' I believe I've killed her I' 'Hark I' cried Mb comrade, lifting a warn ing finger. 'Tho gallop of a horse 1 We're lost I' Tho other villain dropped tho lifeless girl, and, following tho lead of his accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. It was no false alarm. Tho bushrangers made their escape just before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating riflo slung at his baok, came thundering up tho forest path. At sight of the stunned and bleeding woman he threw his horse on Mb haunohes by a pull at tho powerful curb and flung him self from tho saddle. Tho trained animal stood liko a statue. 'More of these villains' bloody work !' said the horseman .13 ha bent over Carmeline. ' Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be Baved.' He ran to a brook, dipped up some water in tho crown of his soft hat, hastened back, and bathed the face of tho unfortunate woman. She muttered some incoherent words, opened and shut hor eye?. When he raised hor from the ground, she struggled with him a moment, and then her muscles relaxed. Carefully raising hor, hotaounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as if ehe had been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horso struck into a gentle cantor. 9 Two or three milos of riding on the velvet turf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockade fence, up ii gentle slope, along an avenue of aoacias, to a rude- but comfortable farm-house, with out-lying buildings scattered round. . There was an of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it be longed to a recent settler. A hearty old lady camo to the door to wel come him, but turned palo and held up hor hands .when Bho beheld his strange burden — a young woman, apparently Iifeles3, her. face batbeiiu blood. / ? . ? . , 'Mother,' said the horsoman, solemnly, 'Deaom your anarge r . .'' Who has done this cruel thing?' asked the old lady, as she received Carmelino into her arms. ; ' Who but the bushrangers ? But these vermin shall be hunted from the faco of the loarthl' ' \- OHAPTEB XII. swo nEAma. When Carmeline once more opened her eyc3 to tho light of day and of reason, Bhe found herself lying in a comfortable bed, round which moequito ourtains wero carefully drawn, in a plainly furnished room. The sun was up. She had overslept her self. It was high time to rise. But, to her surprise, Bhe found herself unable to get out of bed. Thon she glanced at her arms ; they were all wasted away. Sho passed hor handa feebly over her face ; that, too, was thin and hollow. ' What has happened to me ? 'Where am I ?' she oried aloud in terror. 'You are Bate, among friends,' said a kindly voice, a3 an, elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bedBide. Carmelino passed hor hand over her fore head. ' I remember,' sho muttored, ' something terrible. I remember being attacked by bush rangers in the forest. Who brought me here 1 How long have I been hero / Is this place Ballarat?' . - ' My dear ohild, you must keep quiet. Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a settle ment of shanties and tents. You aro in a farm-house'. My son found you, stunned and bleeding, and brought you hero. This is my house. My name is MrB. Carter.' 'Bat how long havo I been here ?' ' Threo weeks to-day.' ' And I have known nothing all that time I' ' You have been very ill, and put of your head. But last night was (heori3is of your illness. The dootor said that if you passed & quiet night and awoko rational, he would cuarantee your recovery.' ' My dear madame, I owe you my life.' 'You owo it to One who heard your cry for help and directed my son to your rescue,' replied Mrs. Carter, solemnly. ' But of thin wo will speak hereafter— not now. Tako this.' The good woman held a cup to tho pale lips of the sufferer, who drank tho contents. Then, sinking back on hor pillow, she closed her eyes in a slumber as owcot and peaooful as an infant's . Dr. Bevorley had judged the patient's case rightly. From this day she began to mend rapidly, and in a wcok moro was ablo to leavo tho room and go about the house. The good woman who had taken suoh motherly care ot her was repaid for all her watching and nursing when she caw her obarge seated in an arm-obair at the window of the little' parlor on tho first floor, with a oloar light in her beautiful eyes, a faint smilo on her lips, and a faint tinge of rose-color on her velvet cheeks. ' My son will soon bo hero to pay his respects to you,' sho said. ' Thore is his step I I should know it among a thou Band.' Tho door oponed ; a manly form entered. ' Carmeline I' ' Mr. Moredith I' Suoh were their mutual exclamations. Yes, Carmeline was beneath tho roof of hor old lover. Ho, whom sho had rejected for a worthless rival, had saved her lifo in tho forest ; hisnjtfiher had saved her llfo in the farm- hous«P» Meredith had not recognised her when ho rescued hor, because hor face was then bathed with blood from her wound, and ho bad not seen her from the moment be had given her into his. mother's ohargo till now. The old lady was a Becond time a widow, honoo hor namo, Carter, had pre vented tho invalid Ruessing at the truth. Both woro greatly agitated, and it waa some time boloro thoy oould spsak oalmly. Moredith noticed the blaok ribbons on Carmelinc'i! dress— sho had not had an op portunity of providing a full suit of mourn ing — and said : ?' You have lost a friend?' . ' My husband,' sho said averting her face. ' Poor thing 1 Sa young to be a widow 1' enid Mts. Carter. Cirmelineglauoedup at Meredith. It was an appealing look, and ho understood it. Sho did not wiah to reveal her painful story. He gave her to understand by a rapid gesture that he comprehended hor and would rospeot htr wishes. ' How strango that you should have known Mrs.— I mean tbia lady,' said Mrs. Carter. ' I beg your pardon, but you know I nover asked your name, my dear.' ' Vernon,' said Carmolino, casting down her eyes. . ' ' Yes, I was acquainted with Mrs. vernou in England,' caid Meredith; 'and I am very happy to havo been of eervioo to her. But now you must exouso mo, madam,' ho added, addressing Carmelino. ' I lead a very busy life, and 1 have a thousand matters to attend to.' Had he remained another moment m tho ? room he would havo betrayed himself. He had neod of boing alone to oommuno with hi3 own thoughts. Carmoline beneath his roof, and a widow 1 Mrs. Carter was untiring in tho praise of her son. The good lady had now securod a listoner, and sho ran on for an hour on her favorite thorno.' Sbo told how successful Mark had baen, how lucky ho had been at tho gold dissings, how fortunate in his land speculations, how well his cattle had turned out. He was always a good son, sho said, and an honest, steady man, and Providenoe had bleBsed him beyond his wildest hopes. Carmeline listened with mingled pleasuro and pain. She rejoiced at Meredith's success, but she regretted that sho was a temporary inmate of hi* houao. Had it been a stran ger's, she would' havo been glad to remain in bis employ oontented with retirement and hard work. But her former relations with the master forbade hor continuing in his family. She resolved,- so soon. a3 sho had gained a little strength, to leavo Meredith's Hope, as ho had prettily named. his settle ment, and to seek other shelter. In the meantime she communicated with the Joneses, announcing hor safety and her in tention of joining thorn at Ballarat as soon as possible, requesting them to advanco her a email sum of money — for she was now penni less ? to pay her travelling expenses. The ]r,ftn-- i-nmninml nnnnRwnrcd. During the delay sho made herself useful Rbout the house, and eo endeared herself to Mrs. Carter, by her resignation, industry, and dexterity, that the old lady oamo to love her liko a ohild. Of course Carmeline was thrown continually into the society of Mark, who was always courteous, but grave and unim passioned. It was evident that the old lovo had died out ; as for herself, her own heart, as ahe thought, was dead within her. At last the long- expeoted letter from the Joneses reached her, having an enoloBure of money. They wero pleased at the prospeot of her joining them. She oommunicated the intelligence to Mra. Cirter, and announced her purpose of leaving Meredith's Hopo for ? Mlarat at onco. Mrs. Cirtor was thunderstruck. ' Why, my dear, I novor dreamed of yon leaving us I' she saia, and the old lady began ' I am tired of eating tho bread of idle ness,' said Carmelino. ' Idleness 1 Don't talk Buoh stuff as that. Money oouldn't pay for the help you've been t_ __ IkJ limn T tlinnrrhf. Yrnn*,) hprrtiFI td like me a little.' 'Like you a littlo I You have been a mother to mo. From tho first moment I opened my oyos on your dear face, my heart went out to you. . Dear, dear Mrs Carter, I loved you,' and poor Carmeline burst into tears. ' Then why won't you stay and comforl the old lady ? What are these Joneses to you ? Are they relatives ?' 'They were very kind to ma on tho ' ' And haven't I been? But this will be, news for my Bon ; I must toll him of it.' 'Say then, dear madam, that my resolu tion is irrevocable.' The old lady bustled out of tho room and did not return to it. In a few moments the door opened and Mark Moredith stood beside her; He waB oven graver than usual. ' My mothor tells me, Mrs. Vernon, thai you have decided to leave us, and is almos broken- hearted about it. I had hoped tha you would remain as her oompanion, and that we had succeeded in making you oom fortable here.' ' Mr. Meredith,' answered Carmeline, trying to imitate a calmness, 'tho most tranquil and comfortable days of my life have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owo you more than shelter, I owo you my life, an? when I am far away from here, night and morning will I pray on bended knees that the ohoicest blessings of heaven descend in unBtintod bounty on Meredith's Hope.' 'Meredith's Hope I Meredith's Desola tion, rather, when you have left ub I' cried Mark. All his stoicism vanished. ' Carme lino I Oarmolinol you are the oruelest of women. Do you think a man who once loves oan ever forget? Do you think I can forget the poor little barefooted girl who tnnrici ohocn nn fltmrtnn Common I Do you thinkl oan forget the beautiful woman who touched my heart as no woman over di- before or ever oan again? You could not love mo then, but I did think that the bitter exporienoe of life had ohanged your heart. Was it not Providence that reunited us after a long soparalion?— I still aeloring, you onoe more free to listen to me ? Carmeline, while you were anothor's I could Btill the beatings of my heart, could find in toil an anodyne to agony, but now I now I there is nothing bidi me be silent, nothing bids me refrain from 'deolaring my undying love. Carmeline Carmelina 1 Again I ask you to bp my wife. ' I am ponnilosB, and yon are rioh.' 'Had I all the gold in Australia, I shou! be poor without your love ; with it in poverty I should bo wealthy.', Carmelino pressed her hand to her heart, and leaned against the window-frame tor support. , Meredith sprang to her side; ha took her hand ; he drow her to him ; her head dropped on his Bhoulder. Hiding her faoe, she fal tered out : ' Oh, Mark, I lovo you I How I love youl' Then, by a sudden transition, she. pushei him away from her, raised her_ head, dried lint- afraaminfr flvefi. and thnn said! ' Yes, Mark, I lovo you— lovo you dearly— to dearly that I can nover bo your wife.' Mark Moredith foil from rapture to des pair. i. why— why ?' ho askod, in a tone ot the bitterest agony. . 'Because, I am a convict's widow. ' Will you pormit your misfortuno to stand in tho way of my happineaB?' aBked Meredith. 'Hear me, Mark,' saia Carmeline, am Bho now spoko quite calmly ; 'I have askei you to conceal my story from your mother, ant you havo dono so. Now go to her and tell her all.' . ' Do not ask mo to do that.' ' You see that I was right. But it you do not tell hor, I will. Mark, liston to your mother; she will tell you that I know my duty ; sho will consolo you when wa »ra parted forever.' ~ {To lo continual.). 