CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES. The monthly meeting of the committee of the chamber was held on Wednesday, There were present Messrs. A. Adamson (vice president), A. W. Dobbie, J. J. Green, D. Gall, T. Hardy, L. Grayson, and J. F. Coni grave (secretary), A vote of sincere condolence with Mr. T. Hardy in his recent domestic bereavement was passed. Acconnts to the amount of £9 12s. were passed for payment. The letter of Messrs. J. Mossop & Co. with reference to the light duty upon soap which permitted the Victorian common soaps to mm in . arid enmnpte vrith tha Innai &-fj»1s had been referred to Messrs. W. H. Burford and Sons, who replied, strongly : urging a uniform tariff with Victoria as to the line. At present South Australian -manufacturers were prohibited by the Victorian tariff from send ng their soap ; to that colony, but Victorian Boaps were admitted here. The secretary, to acknowledge -the receipt, and inform Messrs. Moseop and Co. that their representation woulc be considered in the event of any amendment of the tariff being proposed to Parliament. A letter was read from the Sydney Cham ber. of Commerce; acknowledging the re ceipt of. the resolution of the chamber to the effect that ocean steamers . should be urged to obtain their supplies from the colonies more than is done at present, and stating that the chamber was not disposed to interfere with the movements of. proprietors of steamships trading with the colonies. A letter was read from the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce, expressing sympathy with the objects of the resolution, and pointing out that- the principle therein enunciatec was already carried out to a very large extent (and would probably increase rather than diminish) in the matter of meat, vege tables, flour, and coals, which of course com prised a large proportion of the total con sumption. Mr. G. Fergii-oti, secretary S. A. Corn Trade Association, drew- attention to the pro posed reciprocal treaty between Victoria. and Queensland, and pointed out the importance of taking some decisive steps in the matter with a view to securing the Queensland market for Sonth Australian breadstuff*, bisotdtg, jams and preserves, wine aad other products. It was resolved that Messrs. Adamson, Green, Hardy, and Grayson, and- the secretary be a tub-committee to confer with the Corn Trade Association and the Chamber of Commerce on the subject; . Mr. F. W. Hicks, writing with, reference to native bread, samples of which had been sent, to tbe chamber, stated: — 'I believe Dr. Schonaburgk - has ' two or three plants, roots; and ball of bread, complete in his collection' of fungi in the Museum of Economic Botany. They were - supplied by Mr. G. E. Hicks, Balaklava, some five years ago, where they are to be found in thousands after a bushfire, as also in numerous other places, including most parts of Kangaroo Island. The plant is in appearance a good deal like a mushroom, but of a harder and coarser nature, and is perforated on the under side with an immense number of small holes instead 'of leaves like the real- mushroom. The maEs known as native bread is found adhering to the root or stem, sometimes three or four being attached to the one plant. It is generally of a very gritty nature, although it is sometimes found like compressed bran, and at others like sawdust with white streaks a good deal like mushroom snawn permeating the whole lump. The lumps, or loaves, are to be found in the scrub amirihilla many feet below the surface, and as hard as stone, and are known jto many people (who are ignorant of the origin) as devil's dung. Four yeara ago, or perhaps five, I myself obtained a live specimen in an early stage of development, and placed it in the hands of the foreman of the Botanic Gardens, who said he would give it his attention. The aborigines call the bread toori. Down here on the barren ironstone, hills, and tablelands it is often found formed almost entirely of small ironstone pebbles, - They grow in all sorts of soils, but are most numerousafter a bush fire, those found in very rich soil being the freest from grit.' To be acknowledged with thanks. 