VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, January 22. About ninety labourers have arrived from New Zealand by the steamer Manipouri, under engagement to shipowners. Notwithstanding the fact that the strike has terminated, the shipowners have resolved to find employment for the new arrivals. The test case against two of the crew ef the Tasmanian S.N. Com pany's B.s. Pateena, who left the vessel during the recent labour difficulty before the expiry of their notice, came before the City Court yesterday, but as the agents did not wfrh to nave any penalty enforced the men were only sentenced to two hours' imprisonment and fined two days' pay. The matter will pro bably be taken to the Supreme Court by the Seamen's Union. An inquest has been held at Kilmore on the bodies of Parker Brooks and his wife. The evidence showed that in consequence of her husband's cruelty Mrs. Brooks had resolved to leave him, and was on her way home to her parents when she was overtaken and murdered. The jury found that Mrs. Brooks was murdered by her husband, Parker Brooks, and that the latter died by his own hand. Alexander Lawrence, a teller in the City of Melbourne Bank, and formerly in the Bank of New Zealand at Auckland, has been arrested, charged with embezzling the sum of £170. A recent examination of the securities of the bank showed a large deficit. When taxed by the manager, the accused admitted that he had used the funds under his control, and a warrant was accordingly issued for his arrest. It is stated that cfod first deficiency was caused by his overpaying a sum of £70, and he afterwards helped himself freely. The total deficiency will probably amount to I*9ooo Lawrence was one of the most trusted officials of the bank, in which he had been employed six or seven years. It is stated that after certain notes had been with drawn from circulation and cancelled on ac count of their dilapidated and dirty condition he retained possession of the notes, which he eabstituted for good ones, bo that when his notes were counted they were apparently all -right. Melbourne, January 25. The Chief Inspector of Stock in Tasmania, Mr. T. Tabart, is on a visit to this city, en* deavouring to obtain a relaxation of the quarantine regulations in relation to sheep imported from Tasmania. He will also visit Sydney and Queensland, with the object of bringing about a uniformity of practice in the three colonies on the subject. Melbourne, January 26. The first sitting of the mixed conference of Wesleyans was held to-day. Resolutions were adopted, urging the ministers to direct their congregations to support such political candi dates at tbe forthcoming elections as would advocate Bible reading in State schools, and requesting ministers to advise their congrega tions to vote only for men of sound morality. In supporting the latter motion, Mr. S. G. King was warmly cheered when he said that some men had held the highest positions in the colony whose morals would not bear looking into. Melbourne, January 28. The six men charged with being concerned in the attempt to rob tbo suburban branch of the Commercial Bank at Collingwood were committed for trial yesterday. The police produced a confession made by Beale, one of tbe principals in the affair. The Rev. James Mirams, one of the oldest ministers connected with the Congregational body, and father of Mr. James Mirams, M.L.A., died yesterday. Before coming to Victoria, in 1867, the reverend gentleman had for some time been a missionary in Jamaica. He was the founder of tbe Blind Asylum here, and with Dr. Gray established the Eye and Ear Hospital. He was 77 years of age at the time of his death. Bishop Moorhouse has consented to speak on behalf of the Bush-fire Relief fund at a meeting to be held in the Town Hall on Mon day evening next. This will probably be the last public meeting at which the Bishop will appear prior to his departure for England. 