NOTES FROM ETICUP. I wonder if the Kojunup Roads Board have forgotten us altogether, or do they wish us to continue travelling on our bush tracks up to our knees in slush in winter and without a drink for a twenty mile stretch for man or beast in the summer. One half of the teams which pay cart li- censes to the Board from here do not travel more than 15 miles on the main road and others not more than 5 miles, so that some local return for our money is certainly due to us. We have to travel 30 miles over a bush track before we can reach the Albany road at Gordon bridge. This track was cleared in 1869 by a few of the settlers, among whom were Mr. Graham and Mr. P. Garrett, at their own expense and a few pounds were subscribed for a well about 10 miles from the Gordon. This was sufficient accommodation for the few teams which travelled the road in those days, but now that there is a large increase, of traffic it is useless except for a month or two in the earlier part of summer. Were £20 spent on a tank at this place it would be sufficient for some time to come, while £40 to make a cross- ing over a creek twelve miles from here and impassable in winter, and likewise in summer after a thunder storm, is also urgently required, as there is no means of avoiding it, and getting bogged in it is a frequent occurrence. I notice by the Government Gazette that the Kojonup Board has had certain roads in its neigh- bourhood declared 'minor roads ' while this road which is in constant use has been overlooked. It is to be hoped the Board will turn their attention our way and have the following road declared : Starting from the South West corner of S.O.L. 7- 31 ; from thence in~a straight line to Cooranup, Mr. John Annice's place ; and thence along the present track to the Gordon Bridge, passing the three mile pool and Graham's well. To this and to the £60 expenditure I have mentioned we are justly entitled. We seem to have been asleep in this part of W.A. Every other part is going ahead with railways and telegraphs, but here we never bestir ourselves and lot our wants be known. Firstly a telegraph line from here to Kojonup is badly wanted. If we wish to send a telegram we have a 20 mile ride ; and as the population is increasing this inconvenience is greatly felt. The line would undoubtedly; xiay as the Albany-Beverley line passes right through the settlement whicrh is centrally situated, surrounded by beautiful land and bound to become a flourishing town short- ly. Then we want a medical officer with- in a reasonable distance, the nearest being at the Williams 80 miles off. In case of sickness wo have to ride to Kojonup and send a telegram, and the chance is the doctor may he 50 or 61 miles away and not likely to return and reach us for days -within which time our sick may be dead for want of attention. If there were a medical officer and Doctor combined sta- tioned at Kojonup, who could hold a con- sultation at Eticup occasionally it would exactly suit our requirements. It is to be hoped the settlers here will bestir them- selves and make known their wants to their member in sufficient time for him to ob tain the necessary information before the session. A police station is much wanted here ; now that the place is growing in importance we cannot we do without it. We have a mistress at last for our school, which was opened on Monday Feb- ruary 15, when only 12 scholars mustered. To day I am glad to seo the scholars numj her 17. The scholars seem to be progres- sing favovrably under the care of Miss Mary E. Gegg. We are very short of school furniture, however, clock, etc., which we hope will be soon provided. Mr. Cheesewright and Mr. H. Angove passed through here last week on their way to Albany, inspecting the line and taking a series of sketches. They took several scenes of homesteads and build- ings here. Mr. Angove's party are bor- ing for water on the line and are expect- ed to reach this in five or six weeks. We have had a few thunderstorms which have not put much water in the pools, but have stopped some troublesome bushfires. The weather is very change- able ; excessive heat and coolness alter- nating. In sporting there is, I hear, a cricket match with Kojonup in prospect. We have two horses also in training for the Albany races,-Mr. Lott's Bello Mahone and Mr. A. Nelson's Fauny-but as for their prospects of winning, I cannot say anything certain. Eticup, March 15. At a meeting of the Birmingham Liberal Association, a proposal of the Clerical and Lay Counsel that in the Birmingham Board Schools the Lord's Prayer should be recited daily and that the Bible should be read, with historical, geographical, and grammatical ex- planations, was rejected by a majority of nearly 8 to 1. The proposal was strenuously opposed by Dr. Dale, though supported in a letter by Mr. George Dixon, M.P., chairman of the Board, who was unavoidably absent. Mr. Schnadhorst was elected president of the association. 