[?';.c-a;bm:.eljii:e: I.TME CONVICT'S BRIDE. : -A RQIVSANCE OF ENGLAND ♦AND AUSTRALIA. ' im f 0.0 HD ED ON FACT. ??,-% FRANCIS A. ?' DUUIYAGE,' . ? '???'.- ' itmion. or ' -*TJie Brother1* Scc^cl,' 'Alost lire,' -'?' V^-'1 ?-.??' Foritrirov ,' *-? ?' tit; CHAPTER .X*'(Cont:naod.) ' Povsljy.; I hava a long journey to make -r& voyage o! months — and it requires money, a hundred pound*.' 'Then you'll have to give it np.'eaid Wilson. 'Where are the hundred pounds to edmefrtm?' ? ' I ask you for it, I beg it of you, to eave yojrfehild's life. 'I most go to Australia. I ; mnst be near my husband. It is the last 'Ttavox I will ever ask of you. I will never ine To yon for another penny, for another ?nnnal nf hrMi^ - Tin this and DO rid Of me : foMver. Alas ! alas I I kiiow now that yon \- ; seflfa loved me.' ? ^'And whyahould I love yon ?' 'You ask why a father 'should love his 1 I only child 1' ?' .i ? ' ' ?? ?„ ' You are not my ohild.' i. ' 'Kotyanr child 1' . 'No. And if your own father casts' you i o3, why should you expect that I could be '.' ' .' -eo sweet on you 1' ? Carmeline esw that he had been drinking ^ deeply, and was uncertain how muoh truth : there was in what he Baid. Bnt he went on . .in the Esae strain. - .»? 'Your father might shell out the needful, 'j i but it i3 not very likely.' \- ' Of whom are you i-peakine, sir ?-rs ' Of his grace, the '.Earl of Elwood.' Csrmeljne was certain now that her Blip ^ ^posed ialher did not know what ho was say ing. fee k'epi chuckling and laughing, and '? repeating :?',.' 'Ay, fj, th» Earl of Elwood, the Earl of ?Elirood. .A peer of the realm — holds, his bead as high as a prince of the blood-royal. Wonldn'k 'acknowledge a poor devil of an innkeep* as his brother-in-law, not be. u 1 coold «rjly prove— bat no matter 1 He 'shelled out pretty liberally though.' ' 'What are you Baying about the Earl of Elwood, sir?' ' Nothing, sothi*^. Go to bed; don't bother me to-night. A hundred pounds! Pihaw I a mere trifle. Of course I've got 'em lying round loose, tied up in an old .- ', -atockinc orBomethiog. I'm rich, by Jupi . '. — ter 1 Of couth you shall bave the hundred ? ~-r- (bond* ! I think I see myoelf giving 'em to .'? ' you 1 Go to bod, go to bed.' .'?'''* C&rmeline; dii go to bed wilh a heavy heart, ' The next day she again sought the innkeeper before be had time to becloud hia faculties. ? ? ' 8ir,'uhe eaid, ' last night you told =;e a ',-. rtrange etory.'! ' fc ' I can't remember the day alter what X r, .. raid overnight.' t\V 'Do you ritnember mo asking you for a ' ' hnndred pound* f . ' Something of (he sort.' ' A»d job ze&ting; rny appeal, and saying fliat I wWnot jojirehiH.buttbo daughter o' (omit 'great nobleman.' ' 'J* 'Am you were green enough to believe 'rn«? Prtawl When I'm in my cups I barf «tran(je fancie« iwneiime., ' You a lady anr' the daughter of a nobleman I The sooner you get inch notion! out of your bead the . letter.' ? ' ' I will not iwe\l upon the nubject tince yon tell me you were only jeatint;. But, dear lather, let mo renew my request. I mint . have the means to go to Australia. My life depends noon it.' . . . P ' ?' Well, well, I'll sec abont it. I'll eee wbst-can be done. I won't forget.' ? ' (^member ,' (aid Carmeline lolcmnly, ' Ibiit my life depends upen ipy-obtaining that money. I am not jteting.' When Thorois WiUon wc« elono lie ? . ehnckled over an idea which bad entered bi« ? echeminj brain. He went to hl« desk isnd 1 lndi««djltttcr to tb« Earl of Etwood— for C»rmcUn«'( father bad succeeded to tlw title— in wbiob h« pleaded im c rcinittanc* c.1 a hundred ponndf, to ba uiei. for tba ljcn«fit jo! tho earl's ;a»ugbte.r. Ho ruinated it thouH be sent under eovfr to him, find be protoi«d, U tb« Earl »coedcd to liis rr quest, . thathswooU never again trouble him for money. .Tn« Uttor vrti by no mean* i) - written, sod WiUon atooat flattered blin«i!I thai tbt amoanf-ailuafor would come by 1 return of m«a. Of c«ure«, bo nover In tended giving Carmelln* one_p«nny of it. ?rh*'nM Vfll*(m,ivtaioiiol tl« Owrge, knew beiu-r ; than (Mt -J ?*?»?' ' ? :^*o?Wi'pltct'mta tJw'; JettorcawUr ,fc *^*ta£rbatirwoo.MtM- Vemon,' h««»Id. I j|^^^^^^^hco tOBsetJ it in a drawer. 'How will you have it, ma'am 1' 'Insmall notes, if you please.' ? , She took the money, bid it, and hastened back to the inn. She had not smiled for many a day, but now there was actually something like a smile on her wan, weary face. Her reputed father met her at tbo door and noticed her expression. ' Yon look something like younsed to bo,' ho grunted. :' ?'Father, some kind friend, some angel in disguise, has cent me a hundred ponnda from London. Was it you?' : . 'I was the means of it,' he muttered. ' How did this money oome ?' 'In a letter— a cheque.' ' : ' : ' Signed by whom ?' ' . 'I don't .remember. Maywood, or some Buch name.' ' ' Elwood ?' ; .? ' ' l 'Yes, that was it. Only jnat Elwood:' ' An old pal of mine in the city. I wrote to him about you.' ' Dear — dear father I' 'No thanks, girl.' ' He was greatly disappointed in not get ting the remittance himself, but, on second .thoughts, concluded it was as well to let the girl go. She would never bo a burden or expense to him. : . When all was arranged for tho journay to London, she bade him an affectionate fare well, and he made a hypocritical! show of .parental affection. : It did not deoeive her. She folt that sha was an unloved one. The Conqueror, an emigrant ship, lay in the Thames, She was crowded with passen gers' eagerly embarking on a, voyage of thirteen thousand miles, by the shortest route, lured by fabulous stories of the golden wealth of. Australia. Carmcline had engaged a steerage paseage, so that she might at the end of her voyage still have some funds left to support her until she should obtain employment in tho faroQ, unknown land. A stranga mixture of people eurronnued her— bad and pood, with a predominance of the former. But she, formed the acqnsipt- , ance of a quiet family, and associated with them exclusively during the tedious voyBjs of four months. . . In spite of gnawing oare, Bhe felt a thrill of pleasure when at last the land-breeze wafted to the ship the odnrof spicy flowers. Soon a dear Uttle_ land-bird lighted in the ripgiDg. Then, bs night deepened, Cape Oiway Light Bent forth its cheering beams, like the rays of the etsr of hope. That night Carmeline could [not close her eyes. ' She eat . on the crowded 'd3ck, watching the oonBtellations th blazsa above her in all the beauty of a south ern heaven. ?*» Tho next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along the elevated coast of Cape Otway forest, and entered Port Phillip Bay. The pilot came aboard, bringing files of| Melbourne papers, which were distributed among the passengers. One of these was rrad aloud by Mr. Jores, the head of the family to -which Carmeline-had attachod her aelf during the voyage. ' Ah I' eaid he ; ' here's something. Two convicts ehot in trying to escape. Serve 'em right 1' ?' Where did this happen, Bir ?' asked Car melini. - - ? ?? is Norfolk Island.' ' : , Norfolk Island 1— the place ol his imprison ment 1 She forced herself to say : 'I Buppofe the names of these unfortu nate men are not given, bit?' -? ' Unfortunate men, my dear ?'. said Mr. Jones, 'I tell you they were convicts. No names ? Yes ; hero's tho names in full — Isaac Thompson and Lulie Vernon, the last a desperate character, the paper says.'. With an appalling Bhriek, the convicts wife fell to tho deck. ! Mr. Jones applied tho nsnal restoratives in ca»es of fainting. Tho incident caused but a momentary excitement on the crowded deck. ' Only a woman in a fit,' passed from mouth to month, and the drinking, einging, and epecu- , latiug were resumod after a minuto'e in terval. 'Poor thing!' whiepered Mra. Jonca to her husband. ' Sho told me her name was Verncn. Maybe one of them men was her husband.' Carmeline waa long in coming to hercelf, and then the effort to appear oalm almost killed her. Butehe a*kcd to eeo tho paper after awhiie, nnd, hiding her faM with tho broad theet, rend every word of tho fatal news. The two convicts wc- re attempting ,to -escape in a boat ; tho guard fired en them, and they eank. Bodies not recovered. Dead 1 dead I He, whom she loved in »pite of bis guilt, was dead, and ehc was alone in tha world, thirteen thousand miles from Knsland 1 Rho did not nhed a tear, and a freezing torpor, like that of dsatb, congealed her frame; Mm. Jones pitied, but forbore to question her. , »j «. ' Wo are going ashore now,' aaid tne good woman. ' Mr. Jones has engaged a boat to take- o» -to Liardefs beach. Will vou como with us?' ; - 'Yes- certainly,' rnplicd Carmeline, in a harried, flighty way. ' Certainly, ccr tainly.' After landing, tho Jonosen foliated on her riding with thew; in a cart they had engcRod, :o Melbourne. Tboy wore going yet fanner, but Carmeline stopped in the town. She engaBed lodging, with a Scotchwoman, a Mra. MurdockBon, who had been re commended to her by tho captain , «rf t tho rv,nnnfror The terras were frightfully high, JrtHto comparison with thoso of other b°?$7 wnfta*. sunper of cour^r. ni^ the landlady, ae eho -bowed her-gue.t into a ''.Xly6 fcur'Ttca,' ga-ped Carme.ine. ' Wili hTrtnnei'and .bawl then |,y down upon the bod without undrewing. \h« 'an&ady; brouKht the tea, which was ewallowcd ; then undre«ed and went to b°?.'n»«^( dradl' «he kept murmuring, a« ,hc prcUd her hand, to bTr burning hcad.^ COAI'TEU XI. '?. AC8TMUA— JB tat BOBII. Carmeline awoke from ? troubled «I«ep un ,cSd I ana with Her awakening came a '',' , ,' . utur desolation, more poignant Jf .h« ««ony(n» -Jelt when the dunning ^oUlTla&.nr.tcametob.ron '?'ittly',, be moved on m In ft dream They M O^rmelln1. bed, board and w.e«. ^Sfcr» W*? SSrtio to work, not only Hhe leu !?«»»?? . fa° mOne» wan faal tffifawai b'i thl^n^h employ ??bWf 5. a /i'v«.lon from brooding ov«r li«r mentosa '' fJiu, .n,w,rea ihe letter, an. b0Xe?be 'W^andannouncln,, that .be wpiH8J ifwoual with the Ant Benyejranea T'iS MribSuwo under ewort, /or ev I H'ft'(i,H loitered about -tbo track of nml eU'fl .nd lro«S i lian one family had bU«n 11 V°?« Miituro on U-« trU-wllhout Ho pro eafu to VOMIBW ' »' fl , D,ouniclj police. ibt7lJ iS S ih ^opportunity 'oenurrad. a f « ««iiir'a ft place In aweiyiii belnnuInK wXSfiXrMmu ««»? too moob lot ft reserve fund in a country whore a low days .illness would absorb even a larger amount. ?* Carmeline was very ill when sho took leave of Mrs. Mardockson, .her kind-hearted land lady, who urged her to postpone her journey, but ber feverish impatience to obtain some thing like a home in a strange land urged her forward. : lub distance to be j traversed was about eighty miles, but bb there were bullock teams in the train, the progress of the oaravan was necessarily Blow; moreover, the road in some places was deep and difficult, and tho ami grants could ouly hope to reach their desti nation in four or five days. It was a motley pioccseion of mounted men, tilt-carts, |and heavy baggage wagons, some of them piled with household furniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well-mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating carbines slung at their backs, and helmets on i their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter vals the emigrants bad to traverso swamps of sticky mud that clung to the wheels of the wagons like glue. They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they * saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept the country with devouring flames, leaving here and there great tracts of dead, Bcorched trees, that loomed up in: the night against the Btarry sky like ghastly skeletons. Sometimes a hnge fallen tree barred the road, and it was necessary either to hew it to pieces and re . move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by the road-side. , ? In crossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael' Mulligan met with a misfortune.. His wagon broke down, and hie jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly Bought to procure other animals to enable him to keep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as muoh a3 they could do already ; many of the draught animals had brokon down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness. The utmost that eouldibe done for the un fortunate family was to take- them on in one ' of the baggago wagons. But Mike and his' wife could not abandon the cart. It contained their little all. Nor would Carmeline leayo them in their distress. She had conceived: an affection for these poor honest people. Though they did not urge her, she knaw that , they would* be rejoiced to have her stay with them. After all/what was one night passed ont of doors under a beneficent Australian sky? . i : Somo. of the emigrants! went to work and ; got Mikt's wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry, place by the road- side. The horses did not need to be hobbled ; they were too tired to stray. ! j By the time this job waa finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining bill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind shook bands with Mike and then started to regain t. ; : **. Mike's wife sat down on Srock and had a good cry ; Vhile Cirm'eline played with the children and Mike lit hia pipe. After this eolaco the man went to work,and succeeded in a few hours in repairing his wagon. ? But the horses were still unfit for work, and 'night waB coming on. Mike thought that they conld manage to sleep comfortably enough; under the canvas cover of the cart, but he expressed a childish fear of ' lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all thim burthen animals that go roarin' . round aeeiin1 somebody to devour.' Cirmeline, who was notlso ignorant of the. zoology ef Australia, assured him that he|had nothiDg to tear on that acconn:,for such. dan- gerous animals were unknown. ' Sure, thin, it's a Kliaaed country, miss,' was hiB reply. ' St. Fatrick1 must have taken it in his way when ha came to dhrive thim varmints out of ould Ireland into the say.' , ? : ! ' '. ? Carmelino took him aside. . ' ' Mike,' she said, ' there are those who 'are more dangerous than! wild boasts and reptiles.' . ' : i , ?? Ghosts and banshees, miss ?', 'No, no, Mike; but bad men — thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watch to night. Aro you armed ?'? ! ' Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri can Bix-shooter as moneyioan buy.' ' I hope you will bave no occasion to use it; But I would make no fire; ) Wo oan dispense with tea and coffee' i . Following Carmeline'a advico, the. little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under tbo cover of the cart and arranged themselves a3 Hvell as thoy oould for the night — an. anxious one, which passed, however, without incident. ', At dawn of day the harsh screams of a hundred cockatoos, making n munio like, the rasping of a thousand giant Baw.i, awoke them. Other1 birdB^jpinsd in. — magpies, Ioatherbeadfl, and laughing jackasBCB. Green, red, and blue parrots flew .from branch to branch of the forest.. Tall cranes stalked along tho banks of tbo river, ;or stood motion lcen besido it. Mike bad not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow ! he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping hia revolver, nowever. With tho opening of day his toil recommenced. The hones, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet gross, wero in a good con dition. The oart would hold together, pro vided tbcro woro no more bad plaocs ' to cross. i Hj they mado a hearty meal, harnesses the team, and resumod their march. Alter a short distanoe tbe road becamo bordered by beautiful flowers, and Cutmelino Blighted to pluok some, telling the MulllganB to keep on and the would toon oycrtako them. There- were yellow cvorlaatingg, buttoroups, larknpura, lobelias, nrchisnoCand a beautiful flower like tho at&r; of Bethlehem which she had nev«T teen beforo. Pasalonately fond of flowenvP-thoeo moat dolicate gifts of Hcavon— tbo young widow was lured from spot to spot by tlidr fascination. ' j ? Hho left the beaten track and struck into the woods, attracted by «omo .orimson or snowy beauty peeping from tho gran. ' She did not go far, however.' When aha bad gathered an armful of flower., enough to oc cupy the children tor hour, in making bouquota and coronal., .he hurried bank to ward, tho road, as she though!. - Ilut It l» easy to lone one'i self In tha An. trullan buih, and lost .be goon discovered, that sho was, She oriod aloud, gtralnlqglMr' luni-Mio tho utmost. !.' ' ? ' MiLa I Miko I' ! ' ? ,. Ainu I only tho discordant cries ol ooom toon ami narrcquets answered her. ' MIUo I Mike I' .lie crEat ataln and again, and thon mopped and IUt«.noil7 Thero w»» a rustling and crooUInc Id the bushu, and then two atvaga-looking men, with ifhimil head, and tattered alothos, look ing inAtai like wild beast., raado their ap priaroncn. Each ol them carried a '(opt etlok In hln hand. ? .? ? \-- Can wo do anything to ««rv« you,mum7 askad one of them, duoking hi. head with monk oivllity, ! Hhe onntrollod her terror, an4 aniwerei I ' I have lci.1 my way, »IrJ » you Riilds nio to iba'road, you will earn my 'n»nk«.'' ' Whon ono gets toil In tbt buili,' aald the .pokeaman of the two, ' ll'« » matter 0 llfo and death. Thanht la woll anouah. 'But It'u worth moiuv to nui1 ''' '»» »B»1'1' „ ?? I'll |-nv you liberally, ' (aid Oarnwllna, ''Hhu'^go' moMj.' frnld ihe llrnt rufllan 'to hia oomimnlon. l'Uo other winked, 'Wull, mum, I'm tsitulili to ao» a. Ruldu,' ualil ilio m«n. 'IL'ollow u», my oharmcr. Wo know thobuBlt. Thla way.' They broks a way. fur Oarmelina through |lu denao nudgrgrowib. Dot (bo/ led tier . such a distance that she became alarmed ; she '?knew the roai could not be eo far off, and wicn they had reached a beaten track she . hafyea. '. ? . ' ? . - .'jQoes not thi3 pith lead to the main road r1 she asked. ♦ 'YesVim. Turn to the right and yon will soon sirik-? it,' answered the man Bhe had' addresBed. \Wp'd go with you, but me and my pal has retired from public life and never ehow ourselvea^o our contemporaries.' ' I will now piW you for your ecivic-H,'Baid Carmeline. \ 'I'ej'naj. Tua \egnlar fee for guidin' a hinfliviaual out of thblD0SQ ' two pounds.' ' Two pounds 1'' ; \ , '\ ' Two pnunds, mum, rv£Gu'ar. But when n Udy'a in the case, i we ofcdncks half on it. Hand hover one pound murSjt'f''1'' P*ease'' ' Unfortunately all CarmeliJ5e's mon°y was tosothcr, and she bad to pror}Sce ner 1j'tlB rollofnotC3. ' \ ' ' ' Seeing is having 1' Bhouted theSk 'oremoBt rnirnn.jand he snatched tha treaeuSS on' o£ her liana. l | ^V, Not heeding her piteous cry, the two viSJ''19 sprang into the- bush'. . '^ To. turn to the right and fly along the pa/'n with the Rpced of the fawn was Oarmeline'A instant action. But io her horror, at a turn^ 'of the putli the.ruflianB again confronted her. i . . . I . ? ?'? Halt I' cried the man who had done all the talking, brandishing his dub. ' You are ? our lawful prize.' ' ] '**. Carmeline shrieked; aloud for help, though well aware of the hopelessness of human aid. | j . ? ? ' Give her a rap over the knowkdge-boi,' said the seoond ruffian. ? 'All right,' replied bis comrade, and a terrible jblojr laid her eensolesa on the ' I swear,'said the assailant, as he stooped to lift her, ' I believe I've killed her 1' ' Harli 1' cried bis comrade, lifting a warn ing finger. ' The gallop of a horse I We're Ibsf!' | \ Tho other villain dropped the lifeless girl, and, following tbe lead of -hia accomplice, plunped into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. It was | no false alarm. The bushrangers macio their escape '.just before a stout man, wtll-roounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his bsck, came thundering up the forest pstb. | ; At eight of the stunned and bleeding woman lie threw his horse on his haunches by a pull|dt tho powerful curb and flnng him Eelf from the Baddle. i The trained Bnimal stood like a Etatne. . - 'Morejof these villains' bloody work !' ssid tho horseman as Ko Ibent over Carrnelinc-. 1 ' Thank Heaven, they, left it unfinished. Her. life may yet bs Bayed.'] He ran to a brook, j dipped up Borne water in the crown of his aof that, hastened back, and bathed Ibb facs of the unfortunate fromin. She mindercd:Bomo incoherent v/ordf, ocesed ? an-j shut jh=r eye?. j ' When ho raised her from the ground, she sirupgiedjwith him a moment, and then hfr muscles relaxed. ' . '\ Carefully raising hsr, he mounted, hoMing 'her in his arms bs tenderly as if f he had been a elecping infant, while at a word his horse . struck iqto b gentle canter. . Two or! three miles of riding on tho velvet turf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockade fence, - np » gentle slope, r.long an avenue of acacias, to a rude bjt 'comfartublo [arm-bouse, with but-lying building i pcittsied round. There waa an of freshness r.bont everything, the house and fencings, whioh showed that it be longed to a recent settler. - A hearty old lady came to the door to wcl come him; bnt turned pale and held up her hands when' bIiq beheld hi3 strange burden — ? a young woman, apparently lifeless, her facs bathed in blood. I 'Mother,' eaid the, horseman, solemnly, 'behold your charge !'?..? ' Who has done this cruel thing ?' asked the old lady, as she received Carmeline into ?. her arms. | 1 ? . ' ; i 'Who but tha bushrangera ? But the3e ' vermin shall be hunted from the face of tbo iparthl' - : ? ' | ,'' . . ' ] OUAPTEBXII. i ? iwo nEAnia. , When Carraolino once moro opened her eyes to thajlight of day and of reason, the found herself lying in a comfortable betV, . round which mosquito curtains were curetulW * drawn, in a; plainly furnished room. '-...? The sun was up. She had overslept hsrV self. It was high time to rise. Butf to her Burprise, she found herself unable to get ont of bed. Then sho glanced at her arms ; they were all wasted away. Sho passed her hand j feebly over her face ; that, too, was thin and hollow. i ' What has happened to me ? Where am I ?' ohe cried aloud in -terror. . 'You are cafe, among friends,' eaid i kindly voice, as an elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bednide. C-irmelinopasied hot hand over her fore head. ; ' | . . ' I reraombcr,' sha muttered, ' eomethini; terrible. I remember being attacked by bush rangara in tho forcat.| Who bronpht me. hero? Ilgv^ lon^ have I boon here ? la thii' plnaolialhirat?' | ' My dear child, you must keep quiet. Bollarat ? .No,rindeed ; that's only a eotll'- ment of nhaulicn arid tent». You aro in a larm-hoimo. ! My eon found you, Bturmr.l and bleeding, and brought you here. This is my hoiiBC.; My namd in Mrfl. Carter.' 'But how lolly have- 1 been hero ?' 'Threo wceka to-day.!' ' And I have known nothing all that timol' ? I . . ? «? You have boon very; ill, and out of your . head. But Imt night waa tbo erinia of your illnons,- The doctor nnid that if you pis'.-d a quiet night anil awake rational, ho would guarantco your recovery.'- ? ' Mydoar ranilMnn, II owo you my life.' 11 You owo 1 it to Qno who heard -your or?' for help und .directed my .on to your roeeiio,' ropllod Mr«. Oartari Mlemnly. ' But of this wn will .peak. bcnailBr— .not now, Take thla.' ? ! '..?:? : !.' -..' . Tho:ROod!vn)m4'n-JwUaoup to the palo llpa of tin- .nffcrw, JVho'drnnk.tlJfl. contents. T,bon, alnklng baokon:.b« piH'o'w, nhe dloso'd lior oyca In n. alumbor npswoet anil peaceful as an infant's * j Dr, Bovorloy had Judged tho pallonfo ewi rlnhtly. . 'from thla day uhn begivn to mend. rapiJly,' and in a woou more was ablo to loavo (ho radai and go about the hnuso, Tha gg'pd wnman who hail taken «uoh motherly can of her wnii ropuld for nil hur watching iyul nurcliiK whon oho bhw her oliarjjo Mftt^d In an arm- chair lit the window of tlio Jittla parlor on tlie flraf fl.mr, wllh a olearj)i(lit in her Iwaiitllnl cyan, n faint umihi on tierjlpi, and n Ulut tinea of rom-oulor 011 her vnlvot cliiolm. .'My oori will Bonn bo hero la pay i,is reipeot. to vou,' aho oalil. 'Thi.ro In, hia ntep I I should know : it among a thou. .mid,' ? ; . The door oponnd ; ft manly form cntorod, . ' Carmi- IIno I' . 1 ; 11 Mr, MoroJIlh I' ? i tluoli word their rmjtual nxrslamnllODR, Yea, Curmullne was banuatli Ihu roof of her. aid lover. ll-i, whom uha had rcjuatml fur a worthlaaa rival, hud i.tvtd her lifa In ili0 foieal 1 lilt) mother hml navwl her Ufa, In the farmhouse, j Moroiillh had not reaoftnincu her hIiou lia rtnauod liar, bucauna her laoa wai then bathed with blood from her wound, and be had not aeon hor from tho momeni bo: bad given buiolobii nothw'i obuge tOI now. The o]d lady was a sooona time a widow, hence ber name, Carter, had pre vented tho invalid guessing' at the truth. , | Both were greatly agitated, and liyna some time beiore they could spsak calmly.! Meredith noticed the black nbbons on Carmeline's AreBa— Bhe had not had an op portunity cf providing a full BUit of mourn, ing — and Baid : « You have loEt a friend ?' ? ' My bu'bind,' aho said averting her face. ' Poor thing I So yonng to be a widow I 'cjrmeiinegTanced up »t Meredith. It was an appealing look, and he understood it. She did not wish to reveal her painful. Btory. He gave her to understand by a rapid gesture, that he comprehended her and would respect her wishes. ... , I ' Hi«? atrangs that yon Bhould have known ' Mrs.— I mean tbU lady,' said Mrs. Cartel. ' I beg'yoar pardon, but you know I never asked your namo, my dear.' _ ? ? ?: ' Vernon,' saia Cirmelino, castmg down '^Yes' I waa acquainted with Mrs. Vernpn iu Eogland,' Baid Meredith; 'and I 'am very happy to have been of service to her. But now you muEt exonse me, madam,, ho added, addressing Cirmeline. ' I lead a very Obnsy life, and t have a thousand jnattersito aN1ua he remained another moment in. thy ' .-i'J-'hB would- have betray ca himself, m u0.0, „??' -*i of being alone to commune ,wUh Usdow^ougl.ot3.i Car^eline beneath his r°M-anrV-« w^ nniirmg in tbe praise 0! Mrs. Carjv hg a ,ad bad now seCuredl a her son. Tlx S(j ran oa for an hour on her listener, and si,, sho told bow enccessful Mark hsd b2en, L * fottGnate in hia land the gold ?diggings, l '.,u hig cattie %&& turnEd spaculaticns, hsw wt_n oi 80Di Bho said, out. He was always ?? '„ aaa Providence and an honest, steady 1 ?;.!- ~n,lest hopes.l had blessed him beyond hf- -«.J ; t_, a, .-rb- Carmelioe listened with mingled pleaTEuA1 and pain. SherVjaiccd nt Meredith's succeaaj but she regretted that she waa a temporary: inmate of Bis house. Had it been^.stranJ gei'a, she would have been glad to remaim in his employ contented with -retirement and! hsrd work. But her former relations with tho ms3ter forbade her continuing in his fdmily. She resolved, eo soon as she had gained a little strength, to leave Meredith's Hope, as he had prettily named his settle ment, and to s»ek other shelter. ? ?: In the meantime Bhe communicated with the Joneses, announcing- her safety and her in tention of joining tfjem at Billorat as soon as poasible, requesting them to advance hor a small sum of money — for ahc was now penni less— to pay her travelling expenses. . The itttcr'rcrauiued unanswered. . . . ? ?' During the delay aha made hereelf useful about tho house, and ao endeared herself to JI:s. Cirter.by herTeaignstion', industry, and dexterity; that fas old lady oame to love her liko a child. Of course Curmeline was thrown ojutir.aally into the society of Mark, who; waa alwuya courteous, but grave and unim pa^sioned. It wes evident that the old love : had died out ; as for hereelf, her own heajjtw; m she thought, waa dead within her. . .' ;c'A ? . At last. thelong- expeoSea'lelfeifronuiWr Joneses reached her, having an enclo6uia.il . money. They were pleased at the pro'speef. nf her joining them. She oommunicate§'ihe intelligence to Mra; Cirter, and anuoanced.' her purpose of leaving Meredith's Hope- lor U-illarat Rt-once. ; ? -....?? V Mra. Cirter wa3 thunderatruck. . ' Why, my dear, I never dreamed of jqu leaving 113 1' she Baid, and the- old lady bsgan ' I nm tired of eating the bread of idle ncsa,' said Carmeline. 'Idleness I Don't. talk such stuff as that. Money couldn't pay for the help you've been', to me. And then, i! thought jwi'd begun to like me a little.' ! 'Like you a little 1 You' hava been a mother to me. From the first momont^ I opened my eyes on your dear f aoe^ my heart wentout to you. Dear, dear Mrs Carter, I loved yon,' and poor Carmeline burst into ' Then- why won't you Btay and comfort tho old lady ? What are theao Joneses to you 1 Are thoy rolotivos ?' j 'They were very kind to me on the '°'BAn'd haven't I been? But this will be news for my Eon ; I must tell him of it.' ' Say then, dear madam, that my resolu tion i& irrevocable.'1 j The 018 lady bustled out of the room and JH'no* return to it. ; In a fow momenta tho. door opened and Mark Meredith atood beside her: He was oven graver than usual. 'My mother tella me, Mrs. Vernon, that vou: have decided to lcava us, and ia almoat broken-hearted about it. I had hoped that you would remain as ? her oompanion, and that we had aucceeded.in making you com fortable hero.' ? ' ' Mr. Meredith,' answerod Carmelme, tryiDR to imitate a calmnesa, ' the moat : tranquil and comfortable days of my hie have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owo you moro than shelter, I owe yon my lifo. and when I am far away from here, night and morning will I pray on bended knee, tnat the choicest blessings of heaven descend, in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hopo.' 'Meredith's Hope 1 Meredith's Desola tion, rather, when you hava left ua I' oriod Mark. All hia atoioiam vanished. - ' Carmo linel Carmolinel you aro tho orueleat of women. Do you think a man who onoo loves can over .forgot? Do you think I oan forgot the poor littlo barefooted girl who tended sheep on Ovorton Common I Do you think I oan forget tho beautiful woman who touohod my hoart as no woman ever did before or uver oan again? You oonld not lovo mo thon, but I did think that tho bitter oxferhnco of life bad changed your hoart. WiB it not Prbvidenoo that rounited ua laftor a louR aeparation ?— I BtlU adoring, you onoo more free to listen to mo? Carmeline, while you were another'. I oould .till tho boatinga of my hoart, oould find in toil an anodyne to agony, but now 1 now I thero i. nothing bids mo bo alien*, nothing bid. mo refrain from deolaring my undying love. Oarmeline. Oarraellno I Again I ask you to be my wife. ?' ' I am penniless, ana you are rich. ??Had Tall tho gold in An.traliaj I shonld bo poor without your love j with it in poverty I should bo wealthy.', Oarmeline presaod hor hand to hor heart, 'and leaned egainat the window-frame for ' Moroiilth aprntg to hcr.ido; he took her bunil ; ho drew hor to him ; her boad droppoa on hit shoulder. Uidlnu her faoo, eho fal tered out : _ . . 'Oh, Mark, I lovo you I How I lovo y°Thon,by a sudden transition, she pushed him anuy from her, r»Ued ber boad, driod linrHlnmmlniiojen, and then eaid: ' Ysfl, Mark, I lovo you— lovo you doarly— to dourly thitl I oan novor bo your wife.' Mark Meredith fell fiom ropturo to de«. '11 \vii*— why ?' ho askea, in a tono ol the. bltlf root aijony, ' Vccamt I am a convlct't tc/-loip.' '?'Will jou.inlrmU your rulafortuno to atunil In tho way of my happlnem t' atked MBMllllh. , ?' Hear mo, Mark,' said Oarmollne, ano the now n'-''- Q«'a »»lmlyi '1 Imva a»k«e you to conucal my aturv from your mother, ana you linvu done. «a, Now goto ber-und toll liernll.' 11 I-J not auk mo to do that,' . . . « ' l'mi »eo tlmt 1 w rlrjbt. But If you do not Ml lu,r, I will. Mark, liaten to your mother) aha will tellyou thai I know my duty) .ho will oouDolo you whop wo lrt pitied lOMTflr.' . .'''?' ? {,n h continual) .... ^. 