THE TERRIBLE BUSH-FIRES IN NEW ZEALAND. NEW ZEALAND HERALD, JANUARY 8.1 Strafford, Thursday. — The fires which reached the township yesterday have done damage not yet to be estimated ; but at the present time the number of houses known to be destroyed is 29. The whole country is covered with dense smoke, which envelopes everything, obstructing the view for more than a few yards in any direction. From the entrance to the bush atNonnanby, some 10 miles from here, all along the railway line there is nothing left but smouldering fires, which need but a puff of wind to fan them into finmcs and work further destruc tion. Hourly burnt-out families arrive tel ling of more disaster. The eyes of those who arc resident in the district arc more or less affected by the smoke, and some are temporarily sightless. A special train came from Hawcra last night and took away women and children supplementary to those who had already proceeded to Hawcra safely by the ordinary evening train. At 6 this morning another special arrived, aud has just returned. At present there is 110 wind, but it is anticipated that nothing short of heavy rain can prevent further damage. The fires, once isolated, now continuous, cover an immense area. In the township proper the town-hall is totally destroyed, and the lire had a temporary hold of Curtis' store, and seized for a time the stabling at the back of Tutty's Hotel. Nothing but a provideutial change of wind turned tho flames. The people are many of them panic- stricken. As the morning train cauic from JJuwera, men who had spent the night in some creek with fires preventing their exit until daylight were picked up. The absen tees arc returning to their homes anxiously inquiring for news, and in many cases dis aster had to be told of. One family is missing amidst the dense smoke, and search i» impossible. At present, however, 110 lives ; are absolutely known to be lost. One woman was taken by train wringing her hands in despair for the loss of her children, | who are. however, believed to be safe. The insurances have not been ascertained. It amy be mentioned that considerable alarm is felt lest the offices should repudiate lia bility for destruction by bush fires. A special to the Ilawera Star gives the following particulars concerning the fire: — ; 'The lire, which only seems to have lasted four or live hours, came across the cleared space forwiug the township from the uinuu- tnin, from which direction it had boon blowing all day. It must have been terrific in its force, to judge from the appearauee of everything. Imagine a space oue mile square, covered with logs and stumps, one huge blaze, with smoke rising in dense volumes, and some idea can be obtained of what it was like. This is the description given by those who saw it, for they say that there was not a stump but was alight. As they literally lie round the doors of the houses, large lumps of lighted timber blew about everywhere. It is a marvel that any house remains. It was only by constant watching and battling with the elements, by constantly pouring water ou the logs, that it was kept down, aud even this was fast wearing out the energies of the com batants, who with the joint efforts of smoke and lire were almost blinded and suffocated ; iu fact, if the wind had not changed, the whole place must have gone. As it was, parties nad to keep relieving one another by going to the swamp and obtaining u little fresh air, which was the ouly place where it could be obtained. I might say literally that almost half the houses in the neighbor hood are either destroyed or mutilated so far. Intelligence is to a great cxteut uncertain. Boople are supposed to be oumpiug out in the green bush to save their lives, and not nil of them have come iu. Up to the pre sent, however, 1 have information, more or loss authentic, of no less than 29 different places being burnt, the damage to which it js difficult at present to estimate, but it must run into £7uuUor £8UUU at the least. The lire appears to have started up the Opunake- road lust week, when it spread, and Air. James bad a narrow escape of having his place burnt down. Since then it has been gradually spreading, and when the wiud rose yesterday it made rapid strides, runuiug across the country from Midhurst dowu to Eltlinm in a horrible manuer. The appearance of the township is pitiable, those houses that are standing having all their adjuncts burnt or carried away, ami in many instances the building itself is charred, and Was only saved by determined drench ing ou the part of the inmates. Animals arc reported to have been burnt iu all di rections. and I have seen already several cases in which pigs have been burned alive, ami fowls, Ac., scorched up. Nearly all t lie cattle and horses shifted for themselves and are missing, the fences being burnt dowu ami the animals having to clear for their lives. Hourly persousure coming in from the back with sad tales of houses and furniture burnt before their eyes, and their little all torn from them, while they themselves had to hurry from the scene for their lives. i Fortunately, however, no cases of death or mutilation are reported, although one or two are missing. Nearly everyone that passed through the fire is blind or partially so, and this morning 1 hare witnessed the sad spectacle of strong men being led into town ; by those more forturuito than themselves, | not being able to open their eyes atall. They ; hold up bravely, however, under their mis fortunes, although in many eases so dazed by the smoke aud excitement that they reel like drunken men. Air own eyes are badly inlUmed, and I can imagine from that what it must have been for those iu the thick of it. So fur, the following are the places that I hare ascertained, as near as 1 can, to be destroyed with ull their contents : — In the township of Stratford : The town- hall, Stanley's house, Bowman's house, Hunter's house, Clark's koroscne store, containing guupowdor and kerosene, Alullius' sluughter- yarJ, Kirkputrick's outhouses and fences right up to the door, Brauiguu's outhouses and yards, Roger's bouse, Collius' stables aud fencing, aud Uackct's outhouses aud fences. At Peuibroke-road: Hill Brothers' house, Woodruff's house, Friend's outhouses, &e.f; and Moore's outhouses and timber of tho same. Opunakc-road : Shnrrock's house, Nurthcote's house, Saunders house and Staiulford's house. East-road : Baird's outhouse, &e.;, Oate's house. Flint-road : Barrett's house. Brokes-road : The bridge being erected by Stauding and Turner, nearly finished, and all timber and plant, MAlillau's hohse aud outhouses, Kennedy's outhouses, cuttle and everything but the house, AFLtaffoy's house and'grass- slied and contents. Near tho township : .Saytor's boardiug-housc. Ou the main road, near the township : AFDevitt's Kahouro house, Tutty's fences and the adjuncts. On the Opunakc-road, a hole was burned in the house of Christian Brothers, and Pattersou's I bush fellows lost their blankets, clothing 1 and swags, aud several smaller cases arc continually coming in. It is expected that there will be several mure losses between Kuhoure aud Stratford, as the tires are raging yury fiercely. It is also expected that there will be several fresli cases on the Opuuaku-road, aud to the east of tho town ship, as far as Captain Lund's homestead. No I053 of humau life is as yet recorded, but most people hare suffered burns, and many arc -injured iu their eyes owing to ihe smoke. Airs. Sharruck, a settler, who worked hard all day, and who was brought dowu by the special here, is seriously ill. A good many people are as yet missing. The borough council of Hawcra held a special meeting this morning, and uppoiuted a committee to look after the homeless who have been brought horc." Nelson, Thursday. — Large bnsh-firca are raging iu the district, and the atmosphere is full of smoke. Iu the Clark and Alohipiko Valleys a fire is raging for 80 miles, and the West Coast couch hud to put back to-day, unable to got through. 