.THE HEYTFSBURY FOREST RELIEF FUND. Meeting at Beechworth. A meeting, convened by the president of the united sliirc, was held in the Council Chambers, Beechworth, on Thursday atternoon, for the purpose of taking stops to raise subscriptions for the relief of the sufferers by the recent bush-fires in the Heytesburv Forest. There were present — The president (Mr John Fletcher), in the chair, and Messrs Pickersgiil, Gammon, Warren, Mickle, D. M. O'Connor and J. W. Morton. The CHAIRMAN read the following letter from the Rev. H. Swan : — " The Manse Beechworth, Jan. 2S, -= 1S86. My dear sir, — I am sorry that a prior engagement prevents my attending tho meeting convened by you, to devise means for the relief of the sufferers by the late disastrous fires in the Heytes- bury Forest. I sympathise very heartily with the object of the meeting, and shall i be liappy to fall in , with auy plan that j may be adopted this afternoon, and ren- : der what assistance lies in my power. — Yours very truly, H. Swan." It was j then explained by the chairman that he j had called the meeting together to in augurate a movement iu the Beechworth United Shire to assist in alleviating the distress and suffering experienced by so many settlers in tlie Hovtesbury Forest, throughjhaving their properties destroyed by fire. People in the Beechworth dis trict could have no idea of the extent of the suffering and misery experienced by those' unfortunate people, except what was gathered from thg. . accounts which -had been publishecTm tiie newspapers-;: but there was no doubt the case was one that called for the warmest sympathy and practical expressions of charity froia residents of all parts of tlie colony. He would like to hear any suggestions- that the gentlemen present had to offer- Mr GAMMON suggested that the- present meeting, which could ouly be re garded as a preliminary one, be ad journed, after a committee had been ap- : pointed to meet and co-operate with the- , council. Mr WARREN favored the suggestion, : and further proposed that the meeting should adjourn till Thursday, 4th Feb ruary (council day), and then confer with councillors, who would be in the town on that day, and, being represen tative of different parts- of the district,, would be able to- offer practical sugges tions as to the best means to be adopted: in- making a canvass of the district. Mr O'CONNOR thought that, in- addition to an active canvass of the dis trict being made, concerts- should bo held in clifterend localities,, by which latter means considerable sums would be raised tliat could-' be secured in no otber way. A committee- was then- appointed; consisting of the- following gentlemen (with power to? add to their number), to wait upon the Bfeeekworth United Shire Council at- 12: noon on Thursday, and co-operate in carrying out such measures as- may then- be decided upon : — The Very Rev. Dean- Tierney; the Revs.-. Allusion, Cress, Swan and Williams, the Hod-. F. Brown j M.L.C.r Mr W. H. Fester, P.M., Messrs M. Uodd, Gam mon; and Ingram, J.P.'s, and Messrs Barnes, Cunningham, I>. Fletcher, Finch, A. Wi .Foster, Hyem,,Lindegaard, . R'. McKenzie. Mickle, Morton, J: G: Orr, D. C. O'Connor, D. M. O'Connor,. Bi'ckersgilR Warren and Dt Wilson.. The CHAIRMAN requested that it should he notified in the . Press that a; subscriptionrlist was now open,, and 3tated that, .owing to the- urgency of the- sase, no time should; be Ibst in collecting CchtnHutfoiis to . the fund'.' A I A vote of thanks to the president-, for ;Ms action- in- convening the meeting and fSbr. his efficient conducuiof the chairmani's duties, was: proposed by Mr WARREN, , iseconded by Mr PiCEERSGIBL, and _ carried ? unanimously > after which, the : meeting; adjourned. 