TOPICS OF THE HAY. The question which hn3 been raised by Mr. Justice Uigiubothain in Victoria in relation to the instructions of the Colonial Office to the Governor, that lie should dis regard the advice of the Ministry if opposed to his own opinion in reference to death sentences, is one which the same gentleman lias brought forward before. Mr. Higin- botham views this instruction as a breach of tlio self-government the colony enjoys under its constitution, and aeeordiugly lie refuses as Supreme Court judge to enter into any communication with tho Executive Council iu regard to tiny prisoner lie may havo tried aud sentenced, while courteously uiloriug at tho same time to placo his notes aud any information lie may possess at the disposal of the Ministry. Everybody respects Mr. lliginbotliaiii fur his conscientiousness, his integrity uud his ability. Dut in this ques tion, which seems to him so momentous, lie stands, we believe, quite aloue. It is one, indeed — wc say it with all respect — of mere constitutional pedantry. The fact is that Victoria lias never had any difficulty with a Governor ou the subject of the execu tion of a death sentence, and cannot easily have one. The matter lias boon settled and put on a linn basis by unbroken practice. One succeeding Governor after another has consented to regard the clause ill his instructions as u dead letter, being an infringement of the constitution lie was called to administer. Every Governor takes the advice of his Ministry ou this subject, as in any other exercise of the executive power, uud leaves the whole and undivided responsi bility to thu Government. Indeed it may safely be said that no Government in Vic toria would consent to any other view, or would continue to hold office if this view were practically contravened. Therefore, nil that Mr. Idiginbotham contends for is at tained in fact aud practice, aud all that lie lias against him is this dead and powerless — so fur as that colony is concerned — in struction to the Governor. To most men it is sufficient to nttaiu tiie desired end. Dut Mr. idiginbotham insists also ou attaining it iu his own way. Aud such is the esteem in which lie is held for his high and great qualities that lie does not lose iu the least degree in the estimation of his fellow-colo nists by the fuct tiiat in this matter lie takes the attitude of a pal itieai theorist and purist, and stands sublimely iu a minority of one. The South Aust mliun A '7 certiaur suggests that the Frinee of Wales should lie asked to open the Jubilee Exhibition. 'The Frinee is rumored to have made u half-promise to Ianxl Carriiigton that he would visit Australia during his E xcellency's term of office, and our southern friends are desirous of ' uruiiig this half-promise to account in favor of their Jubilee Exhibition, That prospective festival would nodoi bt benefit enormously from the presence of royalty, but we tear Unit the South Australians will have to content tbemseive i with local celebrities. It is extremely unlikely that the Frinee will be able to visit ihe colonies ut all. 'Tlio practical inconvenience of his absence from England fur several mouths, und at this distance, is not to he easily overcome, hut if it should bo overcome, it is almost certain that he will fix upon the hundredth anniversary of British colonisation in these leads for his visit. Though Sydney will be the centre of that celebratiun, all 1 lie colonies will share in it, und tiie presence of our future Sovereign would fittingly grace tlio occasion. The Mayor has instructed Mr, Westcott to furnish him with an estimate of tho cost of tiie additional pumping power- necessary to deliver into tlio Crown-street reservoir tho lUJ-million gallons oi water which will be available when the temporary supply worics are completed. Tiie simple fact is that the additional supply will be useless until additional pumping power is provided. 'The engines, although driven at their top speed, cannot rlo what is required of thorn, aud several suburbs are getting through the summer as best they can under the serious disadvantage of an intermittent supply, and a breakdown, to whieli machinery driven at top speed is especially liable, would seriously diminish even the present quantity. Mr. Young's view of the situation is obviotisly n sound one, and lie is to be heartily com mended for Die promptitude and intelligence with which he lias taken the preliminary action which is reported in our columns this morning. The insanitary condition of many portions of the metropolis demands that at least as much xvholesoino water as possible shall be uvailuble for the citizens. The sensutionnl report upon tlio disposal of nightsoil iu the immediate vicinity of the botany dams which appeared iu our issue of yesterday was, it may be taken for granted, a horrible revelation to tlio population of Sydney. Probably thousands of our reactors doubted tiie accuracy of the facts as alleged. The criminal recklessness on the part of con tractors and their servants and the criminal apathy oil the part of municipal authorities involved in tho story told in our columns staggered belief. But this morning we print confirmatory evidence which places our reporter's statement beyond question. Yes terday Mr. Seymour made an ollicial inspection of the locality. " The tracks of the liightcarts," we are told, " with hundreds of tons of filthy deposits on either side were traced to within about 800 yards of the boumy uugiue works. 'The next thunder storm will sweep hundreds of tons of fteciil matter into tlio source of our drink ing water." "i don't think," said Mr. Seymour, " that short of tilting the soil iuto the dam, a worse spot could be found iu Sydney." Here is a danger so fearful iu its possible consequences to the health of Sydney that it should be dealt with without u duy's delay. A great downpour of ruin might poison as well as replenish tho dams Mayor Young cannot make too large a call just now upon the energy with which he is credited. Although baron von Mueller seems to in cline to the opinion that the remains found near the Clonourry are those of Leiehhardt, and lie possibly lias more information than we are possessed of, it would be satisfnotor y before passing judgment to know of what the remains consist. Are thoy actual remains of theexplorer himself, or have ourold friends thu relies turned up again I It seouis scarcely likely that human remains could be left uu- buricd in the hush for so long a time und es cape destruction, and that in a country where so much prospecting lias been done as the Cloneurry. Is it ut nil unlikely that many a wandering digger lias met his fate not quite so long ago as Luichhurdt is supposed to have perished / bush-fires sweep that part of Austra lia with annual regularity, and after two or. three years little would be seen of an unburied skeleton. The ghosts of Leieh hardt and his party seemed destined to occupy most unquiet graves, and from the extreme difference between their different resting-places they must have had a most reprehenuble liub.it of getting.- 'up and pursuing their ex plorations after death. On tho whole we must mistrust our Afghan friend until he gives a littlo more detail. 