THE BUSHFIRES IN VICTORIA. TBy Tklkisuaph.I Melbourne, Thursday. — The bush fires which have beeu ragiug for the last few days in the Iieytcabury Forest, in the Western District, have done au immense amount of damage, aud many families have been rendered homeless, a The accounts of thebush fires which were raging iu Victoria at thebeginning of the week Call to mind Black Thursday, one of the most terrible days in the annals of Australia. From the and Age of Weduesday we take the following telegrams : — Ballarat, Tuesday. — The thermometer at half- past 2 o'clock registered 1)8.) degrees in the shadu, and 143 degrees iu the sun. At o o'clock the wind chaugcd to the south-west, and shortly after wards tho city and town were enveloped in smoke which came from bushfires iu the districts of Carughamand other neighborhood.-. So tluck was the smoke in the streets of the city that vehicular traffic was to a certain extent impeded. It was rumored in Ballarat to-night that the Warren- hem railway station had fallen a mev to the ravagc.qof a bushtire, and tor a time credence was given to the statement, as il was known that the country between Uoelong and Ballarat was black witlismoke from the burning country. Old residents say that they cannot remember the city aud town ever being enveloped so densely by smoke as on the present occasion. A bushtire is reported to be raging in the ranges ut the rear of the new cemetery. Buttiuyong, Tuesday. — At half-past 4 o'clock this afternoon bushfircs principally from the south-west cau-ed the township to look quite Black Thursday-like, the atmosphere being thick with smoke. (Jluues, Tuesday. — A large tract of grass country at Birch's Creek, near Ciunes, was de stroyed by fire to-day. The flames attacked the farm of M'Calluui Brothers, whose homestead was with difficulty saved. AU the stacxs were burned, representing the entire farmiug opera tions of the year. A neighboring farmer named Cameron also had two large stacks of grain burned. The fire was close up to a third stack when the wind suddenly veered a little, saving it from destruction. Great injury was done to the commoners in the district and to other resi dents. The heat during the last few days has been excessive, aud to-day it was luff degrees iu the shade. Coluc, Tuesday. — Extensive bitMifires have been raging to-day, the town being completely surrounded and enveloped in smoke. Mo dense was the vapor during the afternoon that lamps had to be tit within doors, while outside ob jects h short distance oft were scarcely dis cernible. Later on a cool breeze sprang up, which somewhat dispersed the smoke, but it still hangs thickly over the town. Much loss has been occasioned by the tires. An enormous tract of back country has been burnt, with miles of fencing, and several selectors' houses and crops have been destioved. » The Cor«»- rooke Estate was ablaze in places, and much grass was consumed before the flames wvro ex tinguished, while from Stonyfurd to Pimm Yalloak the country presented a line of fire, coming up close to the railway lino. Portion of the Curangamite Station caught tiro. A numerous stall of boaters were put on, and the cattle were removed to a place oi safety, it was some time before the flames were slumped out. The day 1ms beeu a thorough scorcher, a hot wind blowing and the smoke making the atmosphere most oppressive. Old residents s iv they hav.c not seen the like for 20 years. ('ntnperdown, Tuesday. — To-dav h is -rivalled Black Thursday in the intensity of the heat and the fierc.mess of the bush fires that are burning. Under the combined influences of the excessive heat and a strong hot wind from the north, which amounted almost to a gale, some of these fires apparently became joined. About 2 o'clock the wind veered round to the wet and south-west, ami almost immediately the town was veiled iu darkness for a time. The people were bewildered, and it was thought by many that tnc tires were in dangerous prox imity to the town. -Quito .» panic was created by the arrival of a breathless messenger at thu poiiee station with the intelligence that the public park was on fire. There wa an immediate stampede fur the place, but the report was fouud to he incorrect. Extensive fires are now raging almost all round the town, and as the wind is still high, grave fears ate entertained as to the safely ot the farmers in the viciuity. The country south of Lake Bulleti Memo is reported to be iu a blaze, and fires are stated to bo ragiug iu the direction of the ranges. Another report is current to the effect thai a fire is sweeping across the plains from the Hamilton side. There are also extensive fires iu the Stouy Rises. The ther mometer to- duy has registered in (Jamperduwu from 102 do ifi5Jdeg. m the shade. At L.irra Station it reached lu'Jdeg. in the tihadc, being 3deg. above the highest previous leeurd, viz., iu 188. J. It is feared that a vast amount of damage dias beeu done, although uo authen tic particulars are yet attainable. Tho township of Cobien has been nomine 1 iu by hush fires, and one or two house; have beeu destroyed. At Lake Kiliug.vmko the lires have traversed the selections of Me-srs. A. Hamilton, Rickey an ijll.inlnn, and strumous efforts are being, ma le to ;t iy the further progress of the. flames through -Mr. Myers' laud. The devouring element lias swept through the paddocks owned by the following: — Trustees of the late A. .3. Kobei t -on, T. and W. Down, J. L. Curr and others. It is supposed that great damar: has been done to the selectors in the for-t country. Tho news to hand to-night, is neces sarily "disconnected owing to the excitement which prevails iu the district. ! Echucn, Tuc-day. — Au immense bu<h fire broke out this afternoon about four miles cast of Mourn i, and has been burning ever since. The thermometer registered loldeg. in the f.ha ie to-day. Lome, Tuesday. — A tremendous conflagration is raging along the wholo of the sea coast from Cape Otway to the cast Hide of Loutitt Bay, a distance of 45 miles. The fire, which commenced oti Monday, is attributed to the excessive heat of the pasi few da\3. A steady breeze from the north fanned the flames, which travelled with fearful rapidity to the coast iine on Monday night. This morning the breeze increased to a perfect gale, and drove the fire with tremendous velocity over the Cape Otway ranges to the sea coast. The latter soon became enveloped in dense volumes of smoke, which presented a majestic aud uwe- inspiring sight. The captniu of the steamer Casino, which arrived from Warrmuubool at midday, stated that he passed through iuuueuso volumes of smoke, which extended fur eight or nine miles out to sea, over which it hung like an immense pall. At Lome the sun at times was completely obscured. The lira leaped across the deep ravines characteristic of the Cape Ot way ranges, the velocity of the gale carrying the burning embers to tho tops of the high trees, which soon became a mass of flames. In this way they rushed over -Mount George, suul approached ko close to the township of Lome that at one lime il looked us il dir. iil-iPf. i1nii'ini>(l to i-iiirt iiin. Tlit residents made every preparation to bailie with the flames, when fortunately the wind changed to tho south at 3 o'clock iu the afternoon, and all immediate danger was removed. Then a most curious pfienouicuou took place. The immense volumes of smoke which had for 16 hours been driven out to sea came rolling back again on the township, which became so dark that the fowls went to roost at 4 o'clock, and the residents wero compelled to light their lamps. The southerly breeze eventually cleared the air, ami at »> o'clock it was light again. During the night the fire continued to burn briskly, but no further damage to the township is anticipated. .So far as cau be learned, the fire has extended fully live miles inland, and for nearly 30 miles along the coast, and it is feared that several struggling settlers have been rendered homeless. The flames raged so furiously on tho ranges along tho main road from Birregurra to Lome that tho coaches running to the latter place could not pass through the buruiug timber, without dan ger of the passengers being burnt alive, conse quently they wero taken back to Dean's Marsh. Mcu are now eugaged cleariug the road, which is covered for some distance with burning trees. Saudhurst, Tuesday.— A largo buahfire has been burning iu the neighborhood of Goor- nong for the last two days. Tho weather to day was again oppressive, the thermometer re gistering ovor 108 dug. iu the shade. "Warimiubool, Tuesday. — The heat yesterday aud this morning was tho severest experi enced here for years past, aud resultuil in extensive bush fires all over tho coun try. At "Winston, tho fences and crops of the selections on the innrgiu of Lake Cnrteronge wero all burned, and tho fire ir. still ragiug. A husbfiro broke out yesterday at East Woodford, and to-day spread over eight miles of couutry, and is at present raging at Wangoon, ou the farms of Mr. Frank Tozor and Mr. G. P. Barber, a number of small fanners bnmg 'burnt out in the route of the fire. According to tho latest information it was still raging and travelling in the direction of Pttrnim. It is expected to do an immense amount of damage before being got under. Tho Rev. the Earl of Mulgravo left England on November 1'J to resume the honorary chaplaiucy of tho Chnrcli of All Saints at San Remo. 