THE FIRST AUSTRALIAN GOLD DISCOVERER. ——— To the Editor. Sir, — In your issue of the 16th inst., under the above heading, there occurs a paragraph in re Mr. William Tipple Smith's discovery in the year 1848. The first I heard of Mr. Smith was from the late Sir Deas Thomson in July, 1851, when he said, " There are lots of gold discoverers turning up," and re- lated Mr. Smith's, as stated, and that Mr. Smith was replied to as mentioned in your paragraph ; also that the specimen had been in the Governor's possession for a month, and was eventually returned to Mr. Smith, as he declined to divulge the locality where found, and the Government declining to make a blind bargain, the matter ended. But Mr. Smith always led them, to suppose that the specimen came from the south country. On my return to Bathurst I made diligent enquiry about the matter, simply out of curiosity, and was told by Messrs. David and Henry Perrier that the specimen referred to was found by one of their shepherds and sold to Mr. Smith by the over- seer at the sheep station, who bought it from the shepherd for a pound of tobacco, a bottle of rum, and a check shirt, and that Mr. Smith went up to Mr. Lane's station at Lewes Ponds Creek, and remained some days, but did not suceed in finding any more, although walking over suriferous land every hour of the day. The poor shepherd continually lost his sheep and was discharged. He believed if he could only find the place where he picked it up he would be " a made man. " However, after purchasing rations from the Messrs. Perriers for the balance of his wages, he wandered about to find the place, and in failing to do so, became mad, and was sent to Tarban Creek (now called Gladesville) Asylum. I was told he died eight or ten years afterwards. David Perrier often said to me, " You will drive us all mad. " In June 1851, pointing out the locality of his discovery, there were abont 500 diggers working about the locality. A gentleman had been robbed by bushrangers of his gold watch and chain, and the theory was that the bushrangers had planted it in a hollow tree, and that a bushfire had burned it down and melted it, hence the nugget. I am merely relating the accounts I have often heard, which was no doubt believed until the discovery of Edward Hammond Hargraves, on the 12th day of February 1851. The Government (im- mediately after the news of the gold discovery in Cali- fornia), applied to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, suggesting that a competent geologist should be sent out, and detailing Mr. Smiths alleged discovery. The late Sir Roderick Murchison recom- mended Mr. Stutchbury, who was encamped on the goldfield some months previous to my return from California (7th January, 1851), and I was re- ferred to that gentleman to point out the goldfield I had discovered, and the late Thomas Icely, of Coombing, invited me to his house, and sent a stockman to Mr. Stutchbury's camp, and we spent a very happy evening together. Mr. Icely highly ammused at the things I said would immediately come to pass. I fear I shall occupy too much space by continuing, and would add that by no stretch of reasoning could Mr. Smith's claim to the first discovery be established. Mac- greggor, a shepherd at Wellington, brought to Syd- ney several pieces of gold in quartz, as early as 1840, and then we have the late Rev. W. B. Clarke's alleged find in 1841 ; but sir what does all this amount to ? so I think we must fall back on the dis- covery on Feb 12 1851, as the first on scientific principles, viz., that of observation and reflection. — Yours, &c.;, E.H. Hargraves, F.G.S.L 