NMW CALEDONIA-. t'l'oln files of nowspapois received on Wed nesday from Now Caledonia, the kcho learns tlmt thero is 110 cessation in tlio number of crimcs and evasions associated with tho con vict lifo of this penal sottlcmont. Botweon tho 20th and 30th of November 18 escapees woro notified, of whom Hi were ultimately captured. A telegram from Canala, dated December 1st, announced tlmt tho corpse of a ticket-of-leavo moil had been found on the routo to Tliio. On the ii.'ith of November, a carter residing at Noumea was travelling on tho road to I'nnt des Friihciiis, ttlisii stlcl delily two convicts run out fiom the liuah i and threw themselves upon him, crying oiit, " Your money or your lifo," In tho twinkl ing of an eyo they searched his pockets, and rolieved him of GO 'rancs. Tho gendarmoria were informed of tho robboty, and tho ac count of tho prisoners was sent to the nearest camp, which Was at Kontio-Kon^tn, v.'here the warder-in-chicf stated that no less than seven convicts had escaped from his custody. The rumours which have recently boon circulated of an impending insurrection in tho north of tho island do not appear to have any foundation, in fact wo know (says th e IVco Culedmiicn) from a reliable source, and fi'om witnesses whoso veracity is unchallenged | that thero hua been in the tribes of the central chain no other agitation than that caused by tho abduction of a native woman. This has resulted in a conflict between tho partisans of tho lover and tho allies of tho woman, and there lias resulted a battlo between tho two tribes, in which three men were killed and several wu-e wounded. Finally it was deter mined to luavo tho settlement of tho matter between tho chiefs and old men of tho two tribes, as is usual practice after blood has unco been spilt. Some disgraceful scenes have lately been witnessed in tho streets of Noumea. Says a local newspaper :—" Yesterday, as upon all Sundays, the sti'ccts of Noumea wove over run by bands of drunken kanakas, who simu lated drankenness. Wlion tho membors of tribes at onemity with each othor met thoy engaged in combat, and niado the air thick witli missiles and wild shrieks. Tho same night a troupe of these drunken rascels at tacked six young men - whites—and inflicted severe wounds on somo of them. There h-ivo been a number of bushfires recently in various parts of tho island. Olio of tho most alarming occurred in tho valley of the colonists, where it seriously monncccl soveral properties • indeed, tho fences sur rounding tiioni had taken fire'before the flames could bo extinguished. Somo squads of soldiers (infantry and artillery), sailors, and also a number of convicts were at once despatched to the scono of the fire ; and, thanks to the promptness of tho aid received, the fire was brought within control in about four hours. At the "lose of last month thero was a wel come fall of rain in the island, nearly overy district receiving a share. Tho fall was much needed. '' he English ship Ceara, cruising to tho New Hebrides, recruiting kanakas for tho colony of Queensland, lias been wrecked at Lacona, Banks Islands. The crow was res cued by tho Mario. A duel was rocontly fought on tho race course at Anse Vata, between M. Hillairot and II. .Robert G-.nolle. Tho dispute which led up to the meeting arose from a matter engaging tho attontion of tho law courts. Tho combatants fired at a distance of 25 metres. Two shots having beoii exchangrd without result, tho seconds declared that honour had been satisfied. 