Camperdown Chronicle. SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1886. Our readers will doubtless peruse with interest the account we present to them to-day of the desolation brought about by the bush fires that have been raging in the Heytesbury forest. It would appear from this that in a few hours over a score of families hare been made homeless and almost destitute, through no apparent fault of their own. In one day the savings of years of labor, as represented by the improvements on the various selections, have been des- troyed. The loss, it is admitted on all sides, is a heavy one. The individual losses cannot yet be stated, but it is estimated that thousands of pounds would not cover the damage that has been done. Houses, furniture, and fencing have been destroyed by the devouring element, crops and pasturage have been swept by the flames. It may safely be assumed that the majority of those who have been burnt out have lost all their worldly posses- sions, excepting the land whereon they stood. Great distress already exists among the unfortunate families, and the sympathy that is felt for them should find expression in some tangible form. The fires were terribly destructive, and in cases, some people thought themselves fortunate who escaped with their lives. Clothes and provisions were destroyed by the flames, leaving the unfortunates nothing to wear and nothing to cat. Great hardships were experienced on Tuesday night, when whole families were exposed to the full force of the pitiless rain, or sought shelter from it in the hollows of trees. No one can think of the position of these sufferers without feeling that something must be promptly done to relieve their distress. At Cobden a subscription list in aid of the Monk family was heartily re- sponded to; but it requires a more com- prehensive movement to afford relief to others almost equally as deserving. Public meetings could be convened to be held at Cobden and Camperdown, and some organised system established whereby funds could be obtained for the relief of the whole of the sufferers. It must be remembered that the majority of those who have been burnt out, lost their all on Tues- day, and relief to be effective must be prompt. The movement once started would rapidly spread, and we have no doubt those in other places who have read the account of the damage oc- casioned by the bush-fires will respond to a public appeal. We would again urge that immediate steps be taken to raise a fund for the relief of those who have, at one blow, been deprived of the savings of years. ■ 