GENERAL NEWS. The ' Winners' Cup,' run for at Wood mans9 Point on Wednesday, was won by Mr. Lovegrove's horse Randolph, hands down. Our Port contemporary, in last Friday's issue, announces the death of the Fakir of Oolu (Dr. Sylvester), at Melbourne. We learn that a pigeon skooting match of .£10 a-side, will shortly take place on the Albion grounds — Bullen's half-way house — between two well-known citizens. The Australian wheat market remains depressed, and is now quoted retail in London at 36s. Cd. to 37s. Gd. per quarter, or about 3s. Sd. per bushel. We regret to hear of the severs illness of Mr. Oct. Bart, Acting Assistant Colonial Secretary, who is suffering from a com plaint in the throat resembling diphtheria. If the steamer by which he embarked at Albany has kept within the time-table since her departure from Colombo the Hon. Malcolm Fraser should have reached London last Saturday. At the last general elections in England Mr. J. H. B. Warner, who is knowu to many in this colony, again met defeat, this time at tbe bands of Mr. T. E. Ellis, for the Rushcliffe Division of Nottingham. Communication on the Albany- Euda Telegraph line, which was mentioned in last Saturday's Daily News as having become interrupted, was re-established shortly after eight o'clock a.m. on Monday. At the Ht Eliza. Invalid Depot list week an inmate, named Jas Brown, batten known as Knicknack, passed over to the great majority, at the advanced age of 81 years. The Litest news from Singapore respect ing sandalwood is that the market was bare of supplies, but there was no demand ; fresh arrivals, it was expected, would have the effect of reviving sales. Quotations were nominally $3 -10 to §307; per picul. The Government of South Australia has notified their unwillingness to contri bute any further towards the expense of governing New Guinea. Its quota, based on the population of last census, amounted .£1524 per annum ; our own contribution amounts to only .£161 a year. From Messrs. Dempster Bros., at Espe nsnee Bay, we learn that an excellent ciop of wheat was recently harvested at their inland station at Fiaser Bange, thus prov ing that what are now vast tracts of inallee scrub would, by cultivation, turn out high ly-profitable fields of corn. From the Brunswick we learn that on the 8th instant an inquest was held upon the body of a man named Frederick Hawkins, who died suddenly 'the previous day. A verdict of * Death from tiie effects of heart disease' was returned, in accordance with the doctor's testimony. We learn that summonses are about to be issued against a number of larrikins who have of late t«en employing ' the gold-dust of their life ' in the entertaining amuse ment of setting fire to the woodwork which surrounds the well a short distance from the Causeway, alongside the Canning road. A Conceit will be held in the Working Men'e Hall next Saturday evening, under the auspices of the Good Templars. Most of the leading amateurs in the City will take part. His Honor the Chief Justice has kindly promised to preside. Miss Annear will play the accompaniments. According to the Melbourne DaUy Tele graph the reason given hy the Secretary of State for objecting to allow Sir Freder ick Broome to represent Western Austra lia at the approaching Federal Council was oa account of the' Colonial Secretary (Hon. Malcolm Fiaser) being oa leave of absence. This, we need not sav. is iniwiw.t. At the last Bale of pearisheUs held in London (Dec. 8.) 131 pkgs. from Western Australia were offered, of which 75 were quitted at last sales, prices — fair, £7 2s. 6d. to £7 5s. ;chicken, £9 17s. 6d. ; broken pieces, £5 15s. Ten packages of Shark Bay shell, described as lazjge, of good color, and picked, were also sold, at 37s. Cd. to 42s. 6d. per cwt. The next sales were fixed for Feb. 9. The present wheat harvest in South Aus tralia is such a severe failure that the re turns are scarcely expected to justify the cost of reaping it. It is calcu lated that the average yield will not exceed three bushels to tbe acre. Here, in West ern Australia, the average will touch nearer twenty than fifteen bushels to the acre. Id some localities more than twenty-five bushels to the acre has been obtained. Our Port correspondent writes tbat last week another fire scare occurred there. A rumour had spread abroad that the buildings at Bicton, a couple of miles up the river, were on fire. A great num ber of the townspeaple — with the Fire Brigade of course — immediately set off to the scene of the conflagration, where, on arrival, they found a bush-fire burning near the paddock, but that the flames trad never reached the buildings at alL By housewives, and indeed by all who appreciate good bread, the intelligence that another of our City bakeries has passed into the hands of a Frenchman will be received with gratification. Mons. Victor DeLaun elle, who has previously been in business both in Paris and London, has just pur chased Mr. Fred. Caporn's bakery and bus iness in Lake-street, and announces that he has already commenced to make delivery of bread in the City. We are informed that the first five thou sand shares in the Loan and Discount Com pany, Limited, have been nearly all taken up. At the meeting of promised share holders, held at the Criterion Hotel on Friday hist, it was decided to make the first issue of shares 10,000. It is confidently anticipated that the whole 10,000 will be immediatelyeubscribedforafterthe election of permanent Directors this evening. The Company will be registered and ready for working in a few days. His Excellency Sir Frederick Weld, Lady Weld, and the three Misses Weld arrived safely at Singapore by the Orient steamer Titan, on November 23. Sir Frederick's many friends in Western Australia will couple of years in the old country has had the effect of completely re- establishing bis health, which had become seriously impair ed by a series of attacks of jungle fever, contracted during his visits to the Native States. Our telegrams of Friday last contain ed tibe *«iinAfl*'»i*m*ailt- of* the death of the Rev. Philip H.Crawley, which occurred at North ftdgl^ifio on Thnrslay. As oar readers are aware, the deceased gentleman was for a few years pastor of Trinity Con gregational Church of this city, during which period he endeared himgplf to a very large circle of friends, among all classes of the community, by bis kindly disposition and many other estimable qualities. A rattier leng chapter of accidents has southern districts. Mr. Frederick Brock man, eldest son of Mr. E. R. Brockman, of the Warren, broke his leg by a fall from his horse. A eon of Mr. Jas. Forrest, who lives near Cape Naturaliste, had the wheel of a cart; pass over his chest ; he sustained no serious injury, however. Mr. Fred. Hawkins, a settler on the Brunswick River, died suddenly on the 8th instant, from the effects of heart-disease. One of the most remarkable results of energy and enterprise has cropped up in our City in the shape of a Limited Liability Company being ' mooted' and actually in a state ready for immediate working in the extraordinary short space of nine days. We are told that a general meeting of promised shareholders will be held at the Criterion Hotel on Friday next-, and the promoters promise to put the Company in a working condition by Monday, the 25th instant. Truly we may well say, 'At last she moves.' At the Fremantie Police Court on a sailor belonging to the barque Star Queen — a Malay — was sentenced to six months' hard labour forthreateningto murder Borne of his mates, the sailors on board of the same vessel. Prom the evidence it trans pired *hat the man was arrested by Water Police Constable Hopkins, who, at consider able risk of being stabbed, managed to capture the ruffian and, after obtaining assistance, succeeded in having him con veyed to flie cells. At the City Police Court last Friday, Thomas Evans, charged with being drunk, was dismissed with a caution. Nicholas Walsh, 6on of Nicholas Walsh, a pensioner, was charged with assaulting Edward Flynn by striking him with a chisel. Upon the application of Sergt. Claffey the case was remanded for eight days, the prosecutor being unable to attend. Tbe defendant stated in reply to the Bench that the prose cutor thrashed his little brother, and that he then struck him with bis chiseL A London journal, quoting statistics to back it up, says tbe most poorly paid work ing girls in the metropolis are those enga ged in the work of sewing and binding the Bibles. It adds that 'for every heathen abroad who can be induced to use the sacred volume for anything else than wadding, a dozen of these girls are driven to perdition at home. Let us pray — for 'the heathen in his blindness ' who uses bibles as gun wadding, aud for the men who wax fat on thi sale of * the word.' At the ceremony of laying the corner stone of the new W. A. Banking premises, last Wednesday, it was notice ab'e that the time-honored custom of depositing a sealed bottle containing '- coins of the realm and copies of news papers ' in a cavity in the stone was dis pensed with. Probably the directors are of opinion that their spacious vaults will contain all the coin that is necessary to t*oiat to the rise and progress of the great ocal institution. An officer in the German navy —Lieu- tenant Gosende — and his companion (Dr. Kummell) while exploring in the north-east of New Guinea last month found a tree which is completely new to science. They report they reached a spot twelve days' march from the coast, and discovered that their compass was useless owing to tbe presence of a tree which possesses the pro perties of a highly-charged electrical bat tery. Dr. Kummel was knocked down when he touched it. Analysis showed it to consist of almost pure amorphous carbon. It has been named Elassia eleetrica. Enlightenment is at last beginning to dawn upon some portions of tbe ' wilds of Mur ray street/' Those who take a short stroll after their evening'e meal will have their sense of hearing gratified with the sweet strains of a Glee Club that has recently been formed at Colreavy's boarding estab lishment. The club is possessed of some very good voices, and the members have evidently at their command an extensive repertoire. While these entertainments are no doubt a soiree of amusement to those who take part in them, they are no less pleasing to those *wlw occasionally are compelled to listen to iheax. Jkatt week another party of citizens visit ed Scarborough, among them l-eing Father Gibney, who, npon the invitation of Messrs. Cooke and Lawrence, was in attendance for the purpose of selecting a site on behalf of the Bonwm Catholic body. The rev. genUe man expressed himself as highly pleased with the locality, and while upon the spot purchased from the proprietors four blocks of Scarborough at a slight advance on the onset. At the City Police Court on Monday, before the Police Magistrate, a young man, an apprentice, named John Henry Brown, was charged with absenting himself from the employ of his master, Mr. Matthew Wallis, builder. The defence set up by Mr. Burnside, who appeared for Brown, was that as his client had attained the age of twenty-one years his indentures were no longer binding upon him. After a short discussion His Worship adjourned the case until Wednesday to-day. The sentencing of an old offender, named Michael Clarke, to a fine of 5s. or seven days' imprisonment, closed the day's business at the Court. The intelligence of the intended resigna tion of Dr. Moorhouseof the See of Mel bourne trill have been received with feelings of deep regret throughout the eastern colonies, and especially so in the colony so long under his spiritual charge, where, daring his residence of ten years past, he has been regarded not only as the chief pastor of the greatest church in the avifl V1rw- inoti *\f nc- nivif Ann J l/uia«n--»»/n-1-.i/-li he undoubtedly is), but as a most suc cessful leader and guide. Men of Dr. Moorhonse'e great mental powers, deep, yet accurate penetration, are rarely met with, and the whole Church in Aus tralia will be a sad loser by his withdrawal. Tbe See of Manchester, to which Dr. Moorhouse is about to be translated, is worth £4,900 per annum. Two very fine steamers have just been launched from the yard of Messrs. Caird & Co., Greensck, for the P. & O. Company — the Coromandel and the Bengal The first-named of these vessels is now en route to Australia with English mails, and will be due at Albany on the 26th inst. These boats are the first belonging to the com pany to be fitted with triple expansion engines; thus, they will have inverted direct-acting compound triple expansion engines with three cylinders and three doubled-cndcd boilers, and a working pres sure of 140 lbs. steam and 3,200 indicated horse- power. The principal dimensions of the Coromandel are: — Length, 400 feet; breadth, 45 feet ; depth of hold, 31 feet 9 inches; displacement on a draught of 25 feet, 8,600; deadweight capacity, 4,200 At the City Police Court -m Saturday last, Mary Ann Kearden, for being drunk and disorderly, was once more 6ent to her old home for a week, and Joseph Doig, for being drunk, was fined 5s. and costs ; Daniel Williams, for vagrancy, was sent to prison for seven days ; and Thomas Chipper, for driving without lights, was fined a nhilling and costs ; Thomas Murphy, for an assault npon James Sweeleang, was given tiie opportunity of depositing in Her Majesty's treasury the sum of 20s., or of partaking of free house- accommodation at the expense of the same distinguished lady for the space of thirty days. William Mnmme and Thomas Skinner, for tres pass by then* horses, were each fined 6s. and costs. The sentencing of dark-eyed Fan, one of the deepest-dyed, of our aboriginals, to seven days' imprisonment for disorderly conduct, concluded the day's interesting pro ceedings. It is not at all improbable that the helio graph will boob be busily at work between B/ottnest and the mainland. Mr. Steere has bid farewell to the Governor, carrying with him in his pocket His Excellency's minute instructions as to how to vote upon every conceivable question. But Mr. Steere will soon meet Mr. James Service in Melbourne, and they are to journey plea eentiLy together all the way to Hobart. Imagine Mr. Steere drinking down the honied wor-5e of tie Victorian Premier, who will low no opportunity of impressing upon him the extreme desirability of Western Australia (of the Governor of which he is the mere delegate) adopting Responsible Government ! We should not be surprised t3 see Mr. Steere upon Ids return fling aside the shackles of despotism with which he is at present fettered, and boldly pro nouncing himself to be a convert to the cause of Responsible Ooverment in this hind of his adoption. At the City Police Court, Saturday, before the P.M., Ambrose Smith, for being so in fatuated with the bracing atmosphere on the summit of Mount Eliza as to come within the laeh of the law, upon the charge of vagrancy, was discharged upon the understanding that he would not be guilty of any similar ' open-air' performances in future. Two aboriginals, Johnny Screech owl and Jonnv Nimble, for darine to indulge propensities of their more enlight ened brethren, by getting 'drunk and becoming disorderly in that thoroughfare of notoriety — Murray-street — were eacL ordered to pay a fine of 10s., or in default of which they will refrain from taking part in any corroborrees for tbe space of fourteen days. Edward Fagg, for pre ferring to defy the police by his disorderly conduct instead of acting up to an en gagement he had entered into to clear a Bayswater block, was ordered to become burden upon the community for the moderate period of three months. Judging by the tone of the advices we received in the latter part of last month of the improved condition of the lead market in England we had expected that the mail which arrived in Perth last week would bring intelligence of a still more favorable character, and encourage the hope that the day for profitable mining at the North was again looming in the not very far future. We regret to say that although we have not fully realised this hope the outlook is far from discouraging. Only a few weeks ago lead — that is, of coarse, lead in pig — did not touch .£11 10s. a ton ; since then it has advanced in value folly 20 per cent., for Tkotf the quotation sfknds at £12 15s. We cannot do better than quote verbatim from the report of Messrs. McDonald, Scales & Co., which was despatched from London December 11 : — ' We have a. decid ed improvement in the lead market, and prices have advanced fully 20s. per ton. We now quote soft English pig £12 15s. The manufactured article is, of course, propor tionately dearer.' Mr. Fred. Wright, the well-known finan cial agent in Adelaide, gives the following gleoay account of the prospects of the South Australian harvest : — Harvesting is now general throughout the country, and in the Northern Areas is now nearly com pleted, but the result is even more disap pointing than was anticipated. In many instances the crop is not worth reaping, and in several of our best hundreds tiie yield is barely two bushels to the acre. The unoeual dryness of the hist month at the time when moisture was ko much needed to fill out the car has been fatal, and the heads have ripened light and empty. The gen eral impression now is that the average will not exceed three bushelsper acre throughout the colony. Assuming that the estimate of 3 bushels to the acre is fairly correct, aud fa Hug the area sown with wheat and not cut for hay at 1,950,000 acres, the total crop will give 5,850,000 bushels, from which, de ducting our local requirements for seed for next crop and food for our population, there will remain only some 74,000 tons of breadstuffs available for exportation — a most miserable result. The settlers in the Kojonnp district have bad their share, it would seem, of loss and anxiety resulting from bushfires, which, this year, appear to bave been much more general than usual all over the settled dis tricts. The heavy growth of pasturage vegetation, favored by a long and extreme ly favourable winter, may in some measure account for tiie unusual prevalence of these destructive fires, eo harassing to both squatter and fanner. Our correspondent at Eojonup, writing on the 12th instant, says: — 'Bu6hfires are all tiie rage here, and several farmers have been completely burnt out. Mr. H. Vanzrailecom has had everything about his place burnt except tiie house; I also hear that Mr. John Stevens, of the Williams, has just (shared a similar fate-' Oar correspondent adds that Mr. EL Larson has lost bis license for tiie Kojonup Inn, s» that Mr. E. Treasure is now the only publican in that neighbor hood. The crops had pretty well all betn g 't in, and the yield was expected to be very good. The splendid new bunding recently erected in St. George's-terrace for the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, was opened for business for the first time last Mon lay. It occupies nearly the foil width of an allotment a few yards to the east ward of the building originally occupied by the Bank — an allotment which formerly belonged to tiie family of the kite Mr. Richard Broun, and upon which, in early days, the cottage tenanted by 'Snuffy' Watts stood. Tbe Bank, which ia a really handsome and substantial-looking structure, was built after the design of Mr. G«-. C. Inskip ; and it was erected by Mr. Ed. Keane, at the cost of nearly £10,000. We learn of yet another Joint-stock Company being about to foe brought before the public — this time for the manufacture of biscuits. The promoter of the ' W. A. Biscuit Company' ie Mr. Richard Serive ner, the well- known baker and confectioner of Guildford, who, it is stated, purposes investing upwards of JE500 in tbe specu lation. The works of thisComnany will be situated at Guildford, upon the property at present occupied by the promoter, and which, it is believed, with a small outlay could be made replete with every con venience for carrying on the busicess on an extensive scale. The large number of dairy-farms situated contiguous to G«3d forii gives that township many advantages for the prosecution of such an industry as a Biscuit Factory, and in the interests of the Swan districts, and of the Colony at large, we wish the venture every success. Many complaints have reached us from time to time of tiie extremely reprehensible practice indulged in by persons cnrployed in driving tradesmen's carts on the Mount's Bay road of ende&vourisg; to run their vehicles so close to passing pedestrians as to create no small amount of alarm to those persons thus suddenly started. Generally speaking, we are informed, the young cowards select ladies as the object of their dirgraceful practical joke, and, in many instances, actually pull off the road on to the turf alongside, in order to effect their object. Last Friday afternoon, however, a still more determined attempt was made in this direction. A gentleman was quietly walking up the road towards Perth, and. was strolling along the riverside of tbe thoroughfare under the trees planted close to the river-waJL Just then a brewer's cart was coming np the road in the same direction, and no tooner did the driver espy the pedestrian tbat be at once deliberately polled his horse off the road and drove straight down unon him. with snrJi success that he succeeded in striking him on the left shoulder with tiie off shaft of the vehicle. The dastardly and entirely un provoked assault was fortunately witnessed by. two gentlemen who happened to be passing at the time (one of whom occupies a high position in tiie Government Service), and wh-- expressed their indignation at the wanton outrage they eaw committed. We hope that steps will be taken by the police to put a stop to such an aixmiinable system of annoyance in the future. Hans Canon, t-ie distinguished Austrian painter, who died recently (writes the St. James's Gazette) seems to have been also a good practical cook, delighting, like tiie elder Dumas and Bossim, to prepare tiie dishes which were to be set before his guests. The great composer, indeed, is said to have been prouder of his maccaroni than of 'Gufllanme TelL' Dumas's specialty was bouillabaisse. An intimate acquaintance with the culinary art has also been professed by more than one prince of fame. Philip of Orleans, when Regent of France, sought relaxation from the cares of the State in a series of cooking parties, in which he did his foil share of the work — and did it welL Peter the Great did not indeed dress his own supper ; but his break fast consisted of ten drachms of brandy, which, it was said, he had carefully distill ed with his own bands. Our own William III. prided himself on tiie knowledge of the best way of serving asparagus at table, which he once imparted to Swift — with unpleasant consequences to a timid man who afterwards dined with the Dean of St. Patrick's, and whom his host compelled to eat the asparagus stalks, fl^siii-iirig him that that had been King William's way. ' And, sir,' said the timid man to a person who chaffed him with his compliance, ' if yon had been with the Dean you would hase had to eat them too.' A later William — of Midlothian height — can improvise an egg flip more deftly than an Egyptian policy. Napoleon III. possessed the un-French ac complishment — which he loved to exercise at Cabinet Councils — of being able to make tea. Any opinions oa exploring or scientific matters connected with Australia emanat ing from such an authority as Mr. Augustus Gregory — whom we justly claim as an old colonist to our own shores — can- tistf- fail fa tin if intArtfMxt. to oirjirvnnf wlin gives any attention whatever to such subjects. Thus we make no apology in quoting the following from the Australas ian of the 26th nit. :— Mr. A. C. Gregory's address at the meeting held in Brisbane to form the Queensland branch of the Geo graphical Society of Australasia, touched on some interesting topics. We observe that he favours an expedition to the antarctic regions oa meteorological grounds, and sees, in the freeing of large masses of ice within the polar regions, a possible means of modifying the climate of Australia, or inducing a more abundant rainfall. Mr. Duffy will take heart of grace after reading this. Floating mountains, brought hither by the action of tbe winds and currente, might perhaps prove an effective substi tute for that central range which geo graphers agree is the one thing wanting to bestow on Australia a perfect climate. Though we may not hope to discover means of controlling tbe natural forces yet Mr. Gregory believes it possible ' that a careful study of the geographical posi tions on the southern islands, depths of ocean, and larger accumulations ot ice may enable us to forecast the general character of tiie seasons in Australia.' Mr. Gregory uuax Mtiiiwjiiii^r iAf baj, na uuc wuu tiaa uiui self done useful .exploring work in. Aus tralia., about the search for Leichhardt, whose fate is still a mystery. Leichhardt was last communicated with near Mount Abundance station, in Queensland, in 1848. From this his camps have been traced to the Barcoo River, near Mount InniskUlen, beyond which nothing certain U known. Although the coarse he proposed to travel was through the centre of the continent to West Australia, yet he contemplated turn ing to the north if the direct ^route were impracticable. 'We now know' (says Mr. Gregory) 'that the character of Central Austtalia was not practicable for the party, and the northerly route was tiie only one available, which would take him nearly to the line of his previous journey to Port Essington, and I have little doubt that the white man's camp found by me on July 13, 1856, on Esley Creek, a southern tribntory .of the Roper River, was one of the doctor's. If this were one of Leich hardt's camps he reached a position west of the telegraph line to Port Data- in, and further traces must be sought on the north-west coast, on the Victoria, Ord, and Fitzroy rivers— localities which bave been so recently occupied that communication with the aborigines is yet impeifoct, and it will be through them that any relics of the pirty are likely to be traced.' Under the heading of a ' Horrible Scene at an Execution' the European Mail gives the following story: — The execution of Robert Goodale, 45, gardener, for the murder of bis wife, Bethsheba, on Sep tember 15, at Walsoken, near Wisbech, by inflicting wounds on her head, and then throwing her down a well, took place in side Norwich Castle on November 30. Berry, of Bradford, was the executioner. Only one representative of the press was admitted. Since his committal the prison er's conduct has been most exemplary. He made confession of his guilt, but pleaded extraordinary provocation, alleging very immoral conduct on the part of the deceas ed. The Rev. Thomas Wheeler, a Baptist minister, attended upon Goodale from the previous Monday to his execution. At three minutes to eight Goodale was brought from the condemned cell and met by the executioner, who quickly pinioned him. The procession then moved on towards the scaffold, which was erected over a deep pit. The Acting Under- Sheriff and gaol surgeon were present. When the rope was put round the convict's neck and the cap over his face, he was heard to exclaim, 'Good God, receive my soul.' Berry then pulled the lever, the trap doors fell, and Goodale, who weighed 15 stone and had a 6-feet drop, disappeared. To the horror of the bystanders, the rope re bounded, and it was thought it had be come unfastened, but upon the bystanders looking into the pit they were horrified to see upon the floor the decapitated trunk of the convict. At the inquest on the body the executioner and the gaol surgeon were examined as to what occurred. Both the governor of the gaol and Berry stated that the machinery of the drop was in perfect order, and worked satisfactorily. Berry said that after pinioning Goodale he walked him towards the drop, when, being rather frightened, he faltered, so he had to push him forward. After the usual routine, he asked Goodale if he had anything to say. He answered, "No." Berry pulled the lever, and Goodale dropped from the top to the bottom of the pit, which was 11 feet 5 inches deep. His head came off as clean as if cut with a knife. The head and body fell together. Berry said the length of the drop was not unsual, for at Durham he gave Lowson, who weigh ed 16 stone, an 8-feet drop. The rope did not break. Berry could only account for what occurred by Goodale having a thin vertebrae. Mr. Robinson, the gaol surgeon, said Berry, who was perfectly sober, carried out his duties coolly and properly. On the drop falling he saw the head separate from the body. Death was instantaneous. What occurred could not have been foreseen. The long drop and decapitation was a most merciful death — much more merciful than a short drop and allowing a person to struggle. The jury found the customary verdict, and said no one was to blame. 