CRICKET NOTES. [Bx Onlookee.I Next Saturday will witness the termination of one of the most successful cricket seasons of late years, and already there are indications that some of the players are anxious to put off the flannels and don the gaudy-colored guern seyB which are bo intimately connected with that king of winter sports—football. The long and dry summer which has been experienced has been favorable to cricket owing to the unusually small number of bad wickets our batBmen have had to contend against, Last Saturday the Norwoods met the Adelaides, and promised to make one of the smallest scores of the year, but owing to the rain which fell during the afternoon the bowlers were placed at a great disadvantage, and thanks to the batting of Harcus and Liston, who put on 101 runs between them, the old club brought their total uj) to the respectable figure of 136 for seven wickets, The premiers' team was the weakest they have yet put into the field, owing to the absence of the two GiffenB and Lyons, the last named having left for Melbourne. The start of the innings was very bad, the first five men, Blinman, Gooden, Woods, Richards, and Rowe, going for 33 runs in consequence of the slightly bumpy state of the wicket and the bowling of Caterer and Waldron. At first both trundlers were almost unplayable, but after the rain fell they could scarcely keep their feet, and were so knocked about by Harcus and Liston, who had got together, that it was deemed desirable to take them off. The advent of Johnson and Spiller, however, caused the score to mount up very rapidly, and they were quickly shunted. Harcus, the sterling colt who has so frequently during the short time he has been on the oval proved reliable, made 62, nearly half the total, by good free-wristy cricket, and was ably backed up by Liston, who has also often pulled his club out of the fire. Liston compiled 39 at a most critical period in the same, and his performance again led everyone who witnessed it to the conclusion so often arrived at before, that he merits a place higher on the list than is ever accorded to him. He batted very carefully, and although his play waB not brilliant his defence was good, and some of his strokes were well timed and safe. Quilty and Fauchon followed, and after they had made 11 between them stumps were drawn for the day. At present the odds are in favor of the Adelaides, and if they have a dry wicket next week they should, considering that the Norwoods are minus two of their bowlers, close the season with a win. The South Adelaides bid fair to vanquish theHindmarsh. With four wickets down for 183 they resumed their innings, but one of the umpires giving Craigie out on an appeal for a catch behind the wicket which was not made, the end soon came. Craigie had added 4 to his score, and was nicely set when he was sum marily disposed of, and bidding fair to win the club trophy for batting, to secure which he needed only a few runs, None of the other batsmen reached double figures save Bamford, who remained not out with 10 to his credit, and the innings closed for 207. Musgrove was unable to get down, and the Souths played only ten men. The Hindmarsh commenced badly, Hill being disposed of before he had scored, but Noel, Chittleborougb, and Rimes were in splendid form, and when time was called 86 had been made at a cost of four wickets, J. Lyons having secured an appointment on the staff of the Bank of Australasia in Mel bourne left for that city last Saturday, It is his intention to play for the South Melbourne Club, his services having been enlisted for them by J. Slight during his visit as a member of the Victorian team. It is probable that another prominent member of the Norwood Club, F. T. Harcus, will take up his residence in Melbourne within a few weeks. The Australs have sustained a serious loss by the departure of M. F. Hawkins and J. Fairweather (captain) for Melbourne, and of B. B. Scrymgour for Western Australia. The Australs won the trophy competed for by the Goodfellow No. 1 Association, having won 13 out of 15 association matches played, losing one and drawing one. During the season they played 22 games in all, winning 16, losing one, and drawing five. In consequence of the City Oval being engaged for the Norwood Cycling Club's sports to-day no association matches (will be played. Next Saturday the unfinished matches between the South Adelaide and Hindmarsh, and Norwood and Adelaide clubs will be played out, and these will close the season. The recent trip of the Victoria team to South Australia cost £200, and after paying this sum the Victorian Cricketers' Association had £186 in hand. With the exception of £28 the whole of this amount was distributed among the associated clubs, the dividend being £7 per delegate. At a recent meeting of the Victorian Cricketers' Association it was stated that Mr, A. G. Major was very much cramped in hiB selection of players for the intercolonial match against South Australia through the want of courtesy displayed by several men who had been chosen in neglecting to inform him whether they could play or not. In the course of the discussion which followed, Mr. Steel mentioned that he was of opinion that the association should make provision for reimburs ing any players who, through taking part in intercolonial or other matches under the auspices of the association, were compelled to sacrifice salary or submit to any similar pecuniary loss. It was too late to take any steps in the matter in connection with the pre sent season, but he would revive the subject on some future occasion. At a recent meeting of the Queensland Cricketing Association some disclosures were made showing that the financial affairs of the association were not well managed, and the following motion was carried:—" That a letter be Eent to the Queensland National Bank de manding repayment by them of cheques drawn and paid by them since the 6th October, 1884, without the recognised signature of the association." A splendid feat of bowling was recently performed in a match between the Balmain Collingwoods and Commercial club3 .in New South Wales. The Commercials going in first to bat, were very quickly disposed of for 16 runB, through the trundling of Kennedy, of the former, who clean bowled ten wickets for 9 runs. The Collingwoods similarly suffered, being disposed of for 20, out of which 5 runs were byes, due to the fielding of the Commercials, backed by the excellent bowling of J. Break well, taking six wickets for 4, and Brown four for 11. The London Field concludes an article on the fifth Australian eleven'as follow:—There are many, we know, who" think that these visits from Australia do no good to English cricket j but in this opinion we cannot agree. II here would be plenty of good cricket, as there was in the past season, if they stayed away; but their presence will only add to this. The extra matches will prove a boon, not only to the cricket-loving public, but to the pro fessional player, whose business and earnings will be considerably increased. Indeed, the English professional will be foolish to quarrel seriously with the Australian players, for to the latter they certainly owe a good deal. The early successes of the Australians brought numbers to our cricket fields who would never have come to see Englishmen play; and those who have once seen good cricket are sure to come again to see it, though the players be all English, This fact has been proved by the great increase _ in the number of spec tators at cricket matches during the past few years, which brings with it increased remuneration to the player. A busy season may be expected, then, next year, which may prove a strain on our leading amateurs, but a considerable profit to our professionals, Both classes, however, we are sure, will unite in once more welcoming these fine cricketers to our Bhores, especially as they will come accredited by that body which is, perhaps, second only to the Marylebone Club in the cricket world, the Melbourne Cricket Club. Mr. Edmund Yates writes in the Lond World of March 3:—"A younger brother the successor to the title of the late Lord M ville has had a Btrange career. Many mi remember Walter Dundas, reported but a f years ago one of the handsomest a winsomest men in London, and although oi six feet high, one of the best gentlemen-ridi in the army. He began his soldiering in 1 COth Rifles, came to financial grief, sold o and enlisted in the 17th Lancers. So smi a cavalryman was he that in an incredil short time Colonel Drury-Lowe recommend him for a commission, which he received in t 5th Dragoon Guards, of which regiment he u for a time the adjutant. He exchanged ir the 10th Hussars, where he found the pace t bard for him, and he succumbed to force circumstances. For a while he was the spo ing writer on a paper in Christchurch, N Zealand; but his habits became too irregul for this avocation, and when I last hea of him he was slowly dying of consumption.' Early on Thursday morning information u received by Sergeant Clode, in charge of t police at Mount Barker, to the effect (says t local paper) that three separate fires had brok out at Bugle Ranges during the previous nig] One occurred at Mr. Robert Sleep's, one Mrs. Calaby's, and the third at Mrs. McCal A fourth was prevented by Mrs. Owen, w saw the match struck and screamed for he It was suggested thatmarks might bediscovei which would lead to the arrestof the incendia: and Sergeant Clode at once telegraphed town for a black tracker to assist in the seari A reply was received to the effect that c .-would be sent immediately. Troopers Pasc and Barber were at once sent to Bugle Rang to enquire into the circumstances of the cai and to glean any information likely to lead the apprehension of the person who started t fires. A few weeks ago bush-fires occurred < the properties of Mr. Sleep and Mr. T. Yates, the same locality, and incendiarism was thi suspected. On this occasion Mr. Sleep has lc » spring dray, while Mrs. McCall and Mi Calaby have each had a quantity of hay d pfrpyed. 