NOTES FROM THE WILLIAMS; ? ? ? --?? ? (From our own Correspondent,) Tho meeting of the Williams Riror Turf Club came off on the 17th instant, aud, notwithstanding the intense heat of tho day, there Avas n good attoudauce of settlers. No leaa than three publicans' booths and four refreshment stalls occupied the line in front of the wiuning-post. The events wero Avell-oontested, and ranged in value from dS20 to ,£10. Mr. H, Barnott's Savanaka proved the best horse at the meoting, although. T loticed a pro mising 'Strike' colt, the property of Mr, M. Brown, of Wandering. In the evening a ball took place at the Mechanics' Institute, at Avhich everybody who considered thomselvus anybody attend ed. But tho main factor iu this and similar meetings — money — wus conspicuously absent this season, Thero AYas a sensible air of ' retrenchment' that proved tAVo things— a possession of very little eish, aud a fuud of common sense with Avhat little remained iu possession. Thia ia tantamount to saying that tho publicans did not have such a good time of it ns horotot'oro. Generally the publio oujoyod themselves in a manner that redounded to their credit. Messrs, F. & C, Piesso have erected a galvauised-iron building 33 feet long x 82 feet wide, aud this has been leased by tho Williams Mechanics' Institute, on very easy torms. Tho Institute is now fairly started, and numbers among its members all the principal settlers iu the district. The summer, so far, has beon remarkable for the large aud frequent rainfall. . This has been very beneficial iu ono. way, bub rather damaging to tho feed which sprang rather early, ami is liable to bo ?injured by along spoil of line Aveathor. There Avn3 somo slight talk a short timo ag'o of tho departure from this parish of our worthy pastor, tho Rov. J. Withers. Tho reasons advanced for this step are, thab tho parishioners do uol properly supporb him, and that thoy are arrear of promised aid. There is y.o doubt but that the failure in crops, &c;, in a marked degree answers for tbi-3 Avant of support, but there is also no doubt that many could assist moro than at present do, Hoowovor, it is to be hoped that Mr. Withers may boo his way lo remain nnioug us, aud that ho will bo content to wait for 'tho good times coming.' The aerated water manufactory of Messrs, I1. & C. Piesso is in full SAving, and it is iioav our privilege to obtain a supply of really good aorated waters at Perth prices. Mr, May (Mr, Hordern's surveyor) has gob as far as tho Crossumu River, Avhoro ho is surveying sonic poison land. I believo ho intends going as far back as the 80-mile, but uo farthor. Some of tho land, notably tho block betweon Bannister station and Wandering, contains some nieo patches of good soil. Bush-fires have been very severe. One settler, Mr. John Stevens, sustained damage to the estimated amount of £1,000. Others have suffered by the Ioss of fences, runs, &c.; The loss to stock and sheep will doubtless be heavy, as nearly all the runs have been burnt, and, consequently, young poison is springing up abundantly. March 24. 