BUBAL TOPICS AND EVENTS. The intensely hot weather which on Monday and Tuesday prevailed, was agreeably relieved at about 6 o'clock on Tuesday evening by a cool Boatherly breeze. The change waa first felt at Portland, the most westerly port in Victoria, at half-past 11 in the morning, and it travelled rather more quickly to Melbourne than Buch winds generally do, their rate of speed being usually about 80 miles an hour. Meanwhile at 3 o'clock at the Observatory the thermometer registered 100 in the Bnade and 148J in the snn, or more than has been known Bince the latter end of January, 1884, when the register reached 102 in the shade. The change so far is only a local and partial one, and until intercolonial advices come to hand, the Government meteor ologist will not ventare to say whether the wind will remain cool for a few days or veer round to the north again during the next few hours. The mean temperature of the month of December just closed was two degrees hotter than the average of the last 24 years,and very much higher than the temperature of the previous December, which was unusnally cooL At the same time, it does not follow that the prevalence of hot weather hitherto experienced forecasts a tropical autumn ; on the contrary, Mr. Eliery thinks that the heat may not last The anuBually high tempera ture is due to the extension southwards of tropical monsoons, to east winds which make the air very transparent, and susceptible to the sun's rays-and to the absence of the southerly winds which generally accompany the summer, but which have not this year asserted themselves. At several places on the River Murray on Tues day from which reports were received at the Observatory, the thermometer at 9 a.m. ranged from 95deg. to 98deg. in the shade. We publish a number of telegrams elsewhere from our correspondents giving particulars of serious bush-fires which have occurred | in various country districts, Whilst the rainfall will be of incalculable benefit to the colony generally, it will cause a great deal of individual hardship. This will occur more especially in the late districts, where the harvest Beason was just at its greatest height At Ballan only the hay will suffer, the other crops not being for ward will be rather improved. At Gordon, great consternation prevails amongst the farmers, "the standing and cut crops being irretrievably injured. This," our correspondent says, "is especially the case with the wheat and peas, all the low lying lands being deeply submerged. The potatoes also will suffer by the inundation. The Cantwell's, Bradshaw's, Muskleigb, Lai Lai, and Bacchus Creeks, as well as the Moorabool and the Werribee Rivers, have considerably overflowed their banka All the unthatched ricks recently erected will ha*e to be dried and rebuilt Fortunately, the harvesting had been completed on many farms before the deluge came." At Rush worth ^arresting has again been discon tinued, and much damage will be done to crops in the fields. Bush fires have de stroyed three threshing-machines and a ?great deal ot fencing. In the North-east, especially about Tatura, Yarrawonga, and intermediate] districts, some damage will be done to standing crops, and also to some that are bagged, but not housed. About Alexandra also some injury has been done to crops waiting harvesting. Our Sale correspondent, whilst welcoming the change on behalfpi thegrasriers, remarks that farmers thereabout will suffer much inconvenience. Stripping is not finished around Nhill, and in some other parts of the north-west In the event of (be weather becoming fine, work may be resumed in a week; but there is no present appearance of such a change, and unless it takes place there will be great danger of the grain growing in the ear, as it has done in other wet seasons. Our Colac correspondent has suggested a very plausible explanation of the cause of eome of the numerous fires that have oc curred in the Western district It is believed that many of the conflagrations were caused by the Ignition of phoBphorised oats spread for rabbits. The sun at the commencemet * of the week was intensely bright, and quite equal to setting fire to dry grass in the manner indicated. The telegrams received during the week from New South Wales add but little to the information reported in our last regarding rainfall. From Bourfce we hear of roads being impassable, of the W&rrego; at Moon gowrie being higher than for years past, and of stock that were travelling for feed return ing to their runs. ' From Uxana we hear of great heat and dust storms; the rain visita tions have been partial as usual, when they consist of thunderstorms, hut upon the whole the condition of the pastoral districts is greatly improved, feed and water being no longer scarce, except in a few localities. | From Wilcannia an extraordinary fall of rain la reported. From Qaeeneland reports have been arriv ing by wire daily of a highly satisfactory character. Compensation for the long drought is being experienced by rainfalls ranging up to 6in. from the 20th to 25th nit. in some districts, and falls of varying amount daring the last 10 days of the year in other parts. Hughenden, which was previonsly dry, re ports 2in. At Stainburn Downs, Aramac, 140 points fell on the 25th ult., causing all the creeks to run. Tlie grass has made a sadden and vigorous growth, and all anxiety tor the future of the season in Queensland appears to have come to an end. In the immediate neighbourhood of the capital the rains were not heavy as in the north and along the eastern coast. There is now a reasonable hope that the droughty term has virtually come to an end, and that the change now recorded will prove to be the turning-point in the fortunes of the pastoral interest in all parts of the continent By the death of' Mr. K W. Pitts, of The Levels, on the 80th ult, South Australia has lost a colonist of a superior order-one who has done more than any other man to advance the science and improve the practice of wool-growing in that part of Australia. Mr. Pitts was bom in 1832 in the North west Province of India, where his father was at that time a colonel in the Indian army. In 1853 he emigrated from London to South Australia, where he entered the Government service as assistant to the colonial architect, obtaining promotion shortly afterwards to the Lands office, where his skill as a draughtsman caused him to be highly appre ciated. Aiter several years he became manager for Mr. C. B. Fisher, at Thirsk, on the Murray, whence he re moved to Melbourne, joining Messra Powers, Rutherford, and Co., with whom he remained several years. He, however, re turned to Mr. C. B. Fisher, and ultimately mately became general manager of his South Australian stations. In 1876 these were sold, and" a year later Mr. Pitts commenced on his own account at The Levels. He was a highly skilled artist, as those who have seen the large plate of his pure sheep, with the unbeaten ram Charles L, as the principal figure-all the work of his own hand-will remember. The Levels is eight miles north of Adelaide. Mr. Pitts succeeded in raising the character of his wool to a very high pitch of excellence. It was described by the Bradford Chamber of Commerce as " a true type of combing wool" The sheep from this stud cut extremely heavy fleeces, the quality good and the staple very long. At Sydney in 1887 six rams' fleeces (first prize) gave an average weight of 181b. 9oz.; six ewes' fleeces (first prize) gave an average weight of lllte. On the 14th February, 1878, Mr. Pitts won the gold cup at Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co.'s exhibition for the most valuable bale of 50 fleeces of greasy wool, unskirted. This was open to the whole of the colonies. The winning exhibit had 375 days' growth, with an average weight of fleece of 111b. 210-25oz., which was valued at Is. OH., making an | average value per fleece of lis. 7^d. This was the highest value of any lot in the show. At Sydney, 1878, six rains' fleeces (first prize) averaged 181b. lOJoz.; six ewes' fleeces (first prize) averaged 121b. Ggoz. At Adelaide, 1878, six ewes' fleeces (first prize) averaged 131b. 4oz. Rams from Mr. Pitts's flock have been sold up to 310 guineas. At the Paris Exhibi bition, 1878, Mr. Pitts received the only gold medal awarded for South Australian wool. He was equally successful at Vienna. We learn from a Saiiburj* correspondent that for several years there has not been such promising looking eroDS of grapes as are to be seen in the Sunbury vineyards this season. The bandies of fruit are both large and numerous, while the growth of the wood has been extraordinary. For fruit, leaves, and stems, the vines could not look better. Should the weather continue favourable, the output of wine here for 1S8G will prove beyond the average. The report from the Experimental Farm at Casbel for the month of December, which has been sent in to the Minister of Agriculture, furnishes some particulars with reference to the yields of the crops recently harvested. Mr. Herdman, the manager, states that the wheat crop has not turned out so well as was ex pected, and that the yield will be four bushels per acre less than that of lust year, or 13 bushels per acre instead of 17. The return from oats is better this year than last, and the crop will average from seven to eight bags per acre. The rainfall during the month was 2.44in., which is a sufficient quantity for the requirements of a spring month, and the stock were doing remarkably well, the season for grass having been the best experi enced for four years. Owing to the fall in the prioe of wool, the manager had expected to receive a smaller amount for the wool grown on the farm than he ob tained last year, but the actual amount received was much less than he anticipated. About the same quantity of wool has been sold off the farm during each of the past five years, and in order to show the decrease which has taken place in the money received for it, the manager gives the actual cash returns during that periodIn 1881, £323 was received ; in 1882, £264; in 1883, £280 ; in 1884, £248; and in 1885, only £139. The committee of the Australian Sheep breeders' Association met at Scott's Hotel on Monday to fix the dates of the next annual show, to nominate the judges, and to draw up the prize-list Mr. Win. Armstrong, presi dent of the association, occupied the chair. It was decided to hold the show on August 23 and 24, at Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co. Limited's warehouse, Bourke-street west, and Honday, August 9, was fixed as the last day foe receiving entries. The same amount of price money as was given last year is tojbe offered at the next show, bat it was determined, with a view to its more equitable distribution, to take four classes from the longwool section, in which there was but limited competition last year, and add four to that for merinos, the addition-, being designed to give greater encouragement to the exhibition of grass-fed sheep, of which there will now be the same number of classes as of stall-fed sheep. Several gentie men were nominated as judges, and the secretary (Mr. L. Henderson) was requested to communicate with them to inquire as to their willingness to act The meeting ter minated with a vote of thanks to the chair man. The travelling correspondent of the Queens lander has, in the courBe of bis joumeyinga w the Morefcon district, met with a herd of Herefords, which have taken his fancy in spite of a prejudice against them. He speaks of the Durunder herd, and says:-"I must honestly confess that I have generally viewed the Hereford breed with an unfavourable eye, induced from personal experience of their general ^ wildness when bred or running in mountain districts, though I never denied the excellence of their beef-producing qualities. After some days' experience of this herd I must admit the error of my views, for a quieter or more kindly disposition^ herd, from aged bulls, through every grade, down to this year's calves, could not be found even in their original homes in the English counties. The cattle I worked amongst in earlier days were a bastard breed, Herefords only in name-magni nominis «mora-badly worked and worse managed. At Durundur exactly the opposite is the case. The cattle are worked on a very different system; the consequence is they are as quiet and docile as a mob of milkers, looking upon man as their best friend, rather seeking his company than avoiding it. The original source from which all the Hereford herds in Australia sprung, either directly or indirectly, is that of the celebrated Cressy herd of Tas mania, started by the direct importation from England of three cows and one bull in 1825 just 60 years ago. In 1850, Hereford cattle were first introduced on to Durundur by the purchase of some pure-bred bulls from Mr. Beynolds, of Tocal, New South Wales. The general herd then consisted of shorthorns, and the proprietors for some years oscillated between the two breeds, in reality making a series of costly experiments, aiming more at quality than quantity. In 1873, however, a final decision was come to, and since that time nothing but Hereford bulls have been used, their prepotency being so assured that in a few generations the original strain of shorthorn blood was entirely elimi nated." The provision made in the Mallee Pastoral Leases Act of last session fcr encouraging the erection of rabbit-proof wire fencing by virtually refunding the duty paid on imported wire netting has caused a large number of occupiers of lands, not only in the mallee country, but elsewhere, to determine upon erecting wire netting fences. Under the act a bonus "of £5 is to be paid by the state for each mile of wire fencing erected, if the fencing be of the depth of 3ft 6in., and the result is that it is believed that within a few months from now shipments of wire netting sufficient to complete 3,000 miles of fencing will have been received in the colony. If the fencing erected exceed 3ft Oin. in depth, an increase in the amount of the bonus proportionate to such excess will be paid. The bonus will be paid on fences erected either of imported or colonially made wire netting. On November 16 Mr. F. J. Stephen left at this office a bottle of milk, preserved by a new process, which was described as fol io B-s :-"Clean thoroughly a glass bottle^ milk from the cow into the bottle until full to overflowing. Cork the bottle, and tie it down securely. Place the bottle in a vessel of water and boil. (To prevent the bottle knocking against the side of the vessel, the bottle should be covered with a straw capsule). After which remove the vessel of water with the bottle, and let the whole become cooL It need not be kept in a j cool place to secure its remaining fresh." On Tuesday the bottle left with us by Mr. Stephen was opened, and a gentleman of large experi ence in dairy farming tasted the milk and de clared it to be as fresh as if obtained from the cow the day before. The colour was preserved, and there was not the slightest indication that it had been scalded. Mr. Stephen, in his letter, drew attention to the value of the process to persons about to travel, and to others requiring a constant supply of pure milk, and the test has proved that for six weeks at any rate the condition of the milk submitted to the process is so well main tained that it is impossible to distinguish between it and new milk. A trial of reapers and binders was held at Campania, Tasmania, last week, under the Southern Agricultural Society. The result was as followsHornsby first, Wood second, Deering third. Osborne and Howard ma chines also competed. A great deal of interest was taken in the proceedings. The Minister of Lands and the Surveyor General have now fixed the rents to be charged for the use of the grazing lands of the colony during the current year, and a notice will shortly be inserted in the Govern.' »riant Gazette stating the names of the present licensees and the amounts o£ the rents to be paid by them. The new Land Act provides that the present occupiers of the grazing lands, or "runs," shall beentitled to retain possession of them unless they ate selected under the act; but the permission is conditional on theit paying the rents fixed by the department A circular will be Sent round to all the present occupants, in which they will be informed of the amounts of the rents fixed lor their hold, ings, and also notified that if any portion or portions of their runs are selected during the year they will be allowed a proportionate rebate on the rents which have ween fixed by the department We (Mark Lane Express) learn that a fat stock show was opened October 12 at Port land, Oregon, U.S. A., and proved satisfactory and encouraging. It iB Btated that a jgrade shorthorn ox was exhibited " five years old, 6ft Sin. high, girth 10ft 4ia, and weighing 8,0071b. alive. 