s2ENS6iJ#niNALISM. fros-ri-isi. lia vi .'v>. p to ! ,£iaT3'I? f-ri: ssi.-.-r-uxt Huoirjitsa j Under cover ofa epojtt.o£|atfintemew lefea-a fr5preseb?ative of.tbe'-fqli- 1 5 Mal Gazette", arid the rSocialcDdmocrab f lead&s;? llesara Hyndman, JDS Traits, wa Jiayo,. a,, terrible.- : suggestion Ba Ih'at there ate»prob"abJyi 100,000'/ririeniS- ployed and starving -men i iffi (London Mncalonep.readyj.foriiTiies'Olfr, in! tffObajiS'-'of' iucT)rokeri jbeoffsi «and'r flaming.t ; h buses?. '"Tioiencei hTbey-' ? JQr€$iJ3Me1hing\anHipgr dirjBctlyJt Jdp.. i, jadmit >stbai 5 ifrq?) apgnage 11 3land'they declared thSyowonldnow., cop-i f-.inno it hflcanse it bad not oiSly''- ebb x.. v.1.1.-. :r ixCH1 D27 voyuuil OJLLUUl, UUl> UUllb, II UUOfUlU;:JUU Tjgof 6p0they;tfbnMr;tbbmfelv8B 'be-'Awe'pt- go back?" asks .vtihap-reporter?- .Ih.'9Be? anseBtiid&EKiiAN; t''T shoulfl ' ' MCOIEMI iss.i 'ioe .--miti >za, , d->bRykilledii£v' I-> did-" >iCTfci? is probably '-f'e'fengh'y.o.# ifiin-'fibcordanoe wififiF . 7 ,waa.,pra$fry /kg ffitfrer of the French Revolution, tridto "go! back," by fegfn-etlyokifig thi&.©onrt party ; but the ynffffflTQ-'jw WPwqtoo much, even fcr bis phenomenal/-, intelligence and MCon?age.b>dflhe'i''died'.iti'oacefally in his Then the jiw-Girondisfs,,-, .beaded,-, by„( Vergiud, Madame RoLANDjc-CAMndiE ' Desmooxin/ lH ;and .oltorstdthojhthe went sofarps.v v.;)idweyer reittt&n; tlyV ; tb; ' sacrifice the" , -l/King; ju prder-Aq, tnrtf aside the tide their own creation, were ruthlesly swept awayHNb wonder that Madame-iRdxAiW while passing by the statue cons.eeratred tVil-LibeatyTSbB her.-way ,to the scaffold, exclaimed " Oh Liberty What crimes are |commihted/ln j ftvpame I'V, DANTON _ yienb so far as to exeile thjfrjeglbufr Jeyfial3 8obespie5rEj) and his head fell with the rest ; and the turn Sf 'Robes: PiEEEjT'himself also came, when lying HL nIif ted ap.he/,ha tp, heaven. rand: thus, apostrophised the poor wounded wretch, .TSSasRoflKferiBEE : There is afrtopT', AndqyJUeim?. TgFftSn vie spons oxiwV, years of devas tating wars, and, after all, the restoration of the monarchy. Bat while these Lon don Socialist leaders repudiate haying actually instigated the mob to attack the dabs and Plunder tlufshop, they do no attempt « bide thotr d .it tbe break On .tjje .contra: y, Mr Hyndsin iddressitig the reporter, and, ere rubbing his hands joyfully , fM "Wo hhMa'nreatRtrotDr-ck-o-dfty--- a enb'relv unexpected.' " added Mr Campion, " none of-Us.had„apy..idea . . what would happen." R 1S, strange, indeed, how men can blind tuemselves to the inevitable result o£ such teachings, as who that ever yet-ROwed tho wind did not reap the -whirlwind. - Nqno of the responsibility lies at our doors, exclaims the seemingly unconscious Mr Hodman. "We- simply "what we have b..ei. doin" for tho last two years and more, namely, set before the people what we conceived to be the only truth .that co.|U briar, them permanent and suhsfintu-r relief: but we had no ideathnt t, wonld at onco proceed to bieak windows, or indulge in any violence whatevrr. The time for that is not y,t come, iu ni\ opinion. It may come, but tills was. premature— decidedly prematura. Sob lime simplicitv, say w<-, oi irapu.i i.t hypocrisy. " It will do pool, howev.-r,' ,?aid one of the 'trio— " wuhe people up, and'pi'obab'v have 'a good moral effort; npori Mr cnambeei,ain, whose club, by the way, was worse .smashed than any ether", excepting thb Ne\v University which happened,'-' remarked- Mr Hynd- man, " by ' a very curi-ias ! but pnre.v accidental coincidence ; tp; b'e; the club from which I was expel led, some time ago for my Socialistic tendencies: , Not tb i., that had anything.'to do with it, how ever,", he added, because, the people knew - nothing whatever about the diff-rence ' between- the clubs. What remarkable coincidences1! ; Npw,vwe arc all painfully aware thSt a great.deal_oi distress exists in England at this rnpj rarhtrwliicli is," of course; concentrate and aggravated in ;ihe. overgrown city ol London. Snch av'slnie- of j things is chronic- in all great, and especially in. l.hp mlder, capitals, ' knd .it exists oven in the comparatively new cities of. tlio ipoie generally prosperous America.. It is not even entirely unknown in . Australia, where poverty is exceptional, unless in 'cases of iiacanacity or unwilling ness "to worln Of course Australians would wiliingly help these poor-people a home, as they have ever done, were tb6y called upon to do' sb y.but this is, wo think, a case where the wealthy of London should relieve the' poor 'of jjondon. Nor havo we tlie slightest doubt they will do so, orthafc they have done so by this time. But what we object to is that, und»-r the cl oak of sympathising with our unfortunate ;Conntrymen at-home, some of the sensa tional newspapers of Australia should covertly endeavor toharosoft socialistic sentiment in these colonies;. Between tho wish to clo so iihd theifear of the good sense of the._communit|>' at large, some " of these journals are led into siranga .inconsistencies.T'I One pf them.j in-a.recent .leading nrtjele, yip turn takes; .thepart of. the ! .distressed.'jtben appears td.endnrse-fche.s.entim9ntsof the agitators .88.1b thoind.yantages of-, a riot, an'd. tliob.. roundly'jnbuses the. authorities for not having! called .out tho-milifcary; — a dernier resort, almost ;;unheard of - in England,., although 'common, enough' in Ireland. There is do doubt that the London police were, erijtirely. taken by- snrprise, if :Messrs Ryndman- and company were not, and tbey. should have been ready for any emergency, however; unexpected. - -What 18 still worse, when tbey-did recover their senses they seem to have been very liadfyTiandlea; 'Tt'-'iaMd be hopedj- liW- e.ver,.tlint those who speak of calling opk the- Gnards do not really know-whatjlliey are talking abont. '»> j l i;-. Barnawaetua Cemetery — The .bal ance-sheet in connection with the" above- cemetery for tho past yeatj shows; ;,theL receipts to have been £32 13s 3d, and the expenditure £15 4s 7d, leaving- a?, 'credit- balance of £17 Ss Sd. tne Walwa Cemetery. — Mr D.j Williams has. been appointe l.itruateejof The Walwa Ce m eter/site. --aaox;;.-.. .Land,. S uuy eyoi:. — Air . ;P iter Wright,' C.El,'; .o£ Tafiaiigat'&,7 hab sen" "specially licensed;' to , practise as a;. surveyor under the' Transfer bf;Eand Statute ( s( BEEtjj nyoiiTil; . PpLi-iis n'oi et. —At this icourt -jOn' a Monday, heiorn Mr Fosterj-P; MDaniel Michael .O'Connor ap- piie.aj under. the yist; section or tneLand- Iprd. ahtf Terianta 'tatutej Tor aiy;orderjto7 'oiiet'. .j'Felix„ O'Conndr 77.ffom possession .of the Jjondon 'TaVernIRegcji worths ,:Mf jFvBrow.ttjappeared'iinTpuppOrt of the ap; plication, .and Mr:ZinckeaJor! thedefeuc.. .Mr ;Ziiicker ohyecte.d jatf i heAOiitsellthatiithe summons bwas jjadj.-and Lthab seyeoj clear Mays' irotice; las. required'/.' by'tlie A'et, had 'htihibeeri given;:: -The objection being held ftp -be Tatal, I th"e'appHc1atio.i# wes strufek OtftP The court'thetf 'adjour nhd?- "es of fciPft a,t. NorfchT3arnawafthfl!haveahee a reserved; ak: a-Biienor- camping ana watering, urposeSj; 77rC&BTT;%nekil;m|:tct between the is tookjila.ee atafihe Wangara'tta sGricketrg round" on turday last:-f-The?BSrialla?ciub wqn-jsasily fe3fc83 runs ; the score beihg— Benalia, lib; Waugaratta, 33. T'TOfjj. Removal. — mes8i5£-Stei -art IJawson and Co., of Melbourne, announce in our advertising columns their ren oval1' to rifofel central and commodious pr imises, at 53' Swanston-street, immediately opposite the Town Hall. THE LATE SHOW.—We have been de- sired to make the following additions to and corrections in the published list of awards at the late Beechworth Show :— Messrs Straughair and Duncan of the Beechworth Foundry—Four special prizes, for broadcast seed-sower, horse-power for threshing machine or chaff-cutter, harrows and cast ploughshares. Mjss Florence Fiddes—First prize, and Miss Fanny Greer ("special merit") commended, for exercise-books. Miss Maud Taylor—Special prize W; map. of Australia. (Miss M-.a-'S, Biirke— First prize for crayjon drawing. MjsJPyle — First prize fpr gooseberry jam: Pyizes , will be paid 've by thehbh;; treasurer of the association "(Mr Mohn .Fletcher) on Saturday: DEDERANG RACES.—The Dederang races were_succe3sfully held on T lesday, 23rd qst. The .laiden Plate was'vwori" "by- Arabella, tliV Hahdjcap by Songster," tfi'e! Hurry Skurry by Alligator, the Ladies' -B5:aifglfl£35 Subadah, the He rdeRace list. Coolabah, the Hack Raastt-by'ThtSS'alcon, and the Consolation Stakes by Cousin Jack. The Champion Oarsman. — William Beach left Sydney for Loudon, by the R.M.S. Cuzco, on Saturday afternoon. Death . of a Foemer'FBeeoh\voeth Miner.— Old residents of -Beechworth-will rouiembcr Mr Joseph Prior, who for aomo y/it«, worked as a miner on Soling Creek atol v.-jll regret to learn that he wa- aceider.tally killed in uio New Chn in United Mihb, at" Sandnurst, on FrKlayf 26ih mat. . At an itmuest.. on SaTiiuday a verdict of accidental death was returned. — District— Fecit., in-- j£nglandr-=it.\viil no doubt: bo of interest 'o learn that a shipment of :grapes.:from . the Fairfield "Viueyard, Brown's PlainB, has arrived in a Vf- ry good state of preservation,' remarks the ' Rntherglen Sun." ; The Yankaxilla Bank Robbery. —The directors of .the Commercial Bank of. Son Hi Australia- have decided to tako pro- c"edir:gs against Mr Lyall, tho manager of oho Yank-uiHa brancn.-.which was rdleged to have been robbed. Re is to be charged with embezzling £1245, tlio; funds of the bank. It is believed that a second party will Vie implicated by the evidence. .. Y.\ ck and andaii. — Our . correspondent, writing on Monday, ""states : — The weather has for the past weekecn oppressively warm during- the dayjmnd yesterday was as hot as: any day during the past summer. The grass, is. quite burnt up,: and the prospects for winter -pasture : »r« looking very bad. Grape-picking is now going on vigorously iu all the vineyards in tin- 'locality. -There -are'- several large- bush- -fires burning -.in the neighborhood. Am extensive one- is up air-ll'ie head of Clear Cre -k, and another on Big | Ben. A di'structive fire took place close to Kiewa on Friday last; on the farnf qf Mr Harris, b'achsmith, of'Kiewa. On the day named Mrs. Harris went te tbe Sandy, Creek Races and her husband to Kergunyah, leaving their hon3e locked, up and'leverylhitig in Sifety. Mrs Harris, oil her-- way home, saw a fire in' the. direction of, the farm, and on'arriving 'found tho'lioiise enveloped in fiimes. . Some time . after, vards, oil". Mi: .Harris reaching home," lie'fo'unct his lio'iise, "burnt to the ground. No cause can be attributed- for the fire,— unless it was the yvork of an— incendiaryj-.and that, too, seems strange, as Mriaud Mrs Harris are both well liked and respected in- the,, neighborhood. Tho only part of tiie">houstf where by any possibility,, fiyor cwuld: have originated— viz. the kitolien-j— was (he last to take fire. Constable jGjongh, who has been stationed here -for a 'number of years, has been removed toHeeoh worth. Mr Gough will : be much' ''piissed,- : and carries with" him the best 'wishes .of. ilk classes of this community.. for his future welfare. While' .here, -he' took great in terest in everything connected with the well-being of the district, 'libel as lie was one of the most efficient memberS"o£ the- atlienfeuni- committee, that institution .will feel the ; want .of ih'is'wiljing services. Constable Gough has been succeeded here by ' Constable 'McKehiia. who had been stationed at- HVoclonga 'foTjthe past eight years, and who iwhile "there' jwas much respected.- . -go; ! Licensing:— At; tlie 'licensing court for the Beechworth, Stanley -jiYafckandandah, Woolshed'.atid Myrtle Creeltidivisions held in the Beechworth Court- hoiisefonfMori- day, before.Mr W.,H.-;; Foster, licensing stipendiary— magistrate, an 'application made by Walterulliyan, of. Tallangatta, for' a temporary license! for a booth at the races to be.hejdjatfthatplace oil the 31si .March, was.; granted. Mr F.j Brpwnjjou behalf .' of ",James( Simpson, ap pjipja t f om , special permission, 'undeithTO-ith section of j£he Licensing. jAcr?03--: Siuipsqn'sIi(spii to act as hi8ageht?inr respect to® licensed. premises_at.Dederang. Mr BrowiPsfated' that his client was a miner, ami'-wishing to.follb'w tFaE 'avbcatibn he desired! tliai. his son should act as his agent; inl.tlu conduct" of the hotel. Both ! father and son had that day. driven -into Beeqjiwor.tli from Dederang, with th'e'.object of haying .the license . transferreddLOt being aware' (as they (lived4n.,tlia>b.nsli) tbit'the b:e\v Licensing Act-'" was Mir1 "force ;i but ftf. course, r-Tthat. could not i hii::j:donii..- His Wqrshjp'?'decided that lie conld not deal' with the application whicl>.ijmst-be made— before a full court (viz., three. Iicer.sing -.stiperidiary '-riiagisfrates) at th'4 usiial' quarterly sittin'gk. Mr! Brown're--' 'marked that the' Act' was'th'e'-most difficult 'one ' to. work1'' ever - passed by ial Colonial . Legislature, 'fahd4t,,w 'mnn'strquB JHat the',£rh.il!e ufj azp;nblican, shquld ,, hedged, around jjjy.jsucb difficulties. The " way " to get "the" Act. ninendedwastoenfprceits provisions strictly and tho public might then take aninterest ini;he matter/ which1 they 'did not'db"1 when tlieb bill' was before Parliairietit.'O'tHis Worship /'abfrcurred with, Mr-BnowH:8:rG-i mark's j and'mentionea' case pLyhereja licensee at Bethaiiga aittendediat'the court advertised' to be held- at.WodoBga onjche 2Gth February, and had to : walkubacfo again, flivithqutj his agplifiatioii being con sidered,, .as "he (Mr Foster) was .away, attending .theconct a| Yea„upon that date:- tHe"i Was'' sorry that he cdutcl' not grant the application, but it could not be dealt with unless by a fully constitutedjcourt. The douri; Then 4djeiiniedU)i Mff Foster will sit at"""tfief licensingcoiirt acSeymour today :(Ttiesday)J wTth!'Messfs;'W yitt andlmcGqr-j mick, in pl'abe of ,-;iSiaAL. AIjLK.fs-j;(A.til|the jGollingwood rRolice ' Court mnAPridayj a qmilknlan. r was 'fined £5, with""£3; ''33 cc8aiS( or'irT'defaulV fourteen days'in gaol/foT- selling as " best milk" ans article fygmtj; which a Idrgd percentage of cream jiad been abstracted? ThfipcQsectifcion was under tlie 37th section oLthedPublic Health-Amendniijnt S.tatute, 1383/ wbirifrread Jul ffollowsr-4'JjNq person shall, = w.ith Jlie. intent, that Jlie .sanie mjfA Br sold i ri ! i ts ril f ftfp.fl state" with nil 1 1 mti cr" abstract froni1 anarticle of food any"-part''bf itDso; ah ntol effect:: injuriously -its quality; substance vor/naturepran'dafo person shall selhany.article so' altered/without making disclosure, of .the alteration, under a- pnsSy ih'eacljcase notpxeeeding'twenfcy- pounds." ' | e'CouhsiSg?— The Albury Coursing Club intendso proceedwith'-th'er completion of their, plu mpton", oiil the Albury racecourse. A rough estimate of the cost of the work is "£500. "An opening meeting ;wiil be Held/ early. inr.|her season. qyj g-j j &Djpp;$NEi) £1ases. —The inconvenience caused-byAhe requirement of Eh'eJjicMs? i tipf.' A .cfc". tli at tliTeepdlicelrnagistrates must preside, over:th'e?lice'ii8ing, jcourts helcfijiv these: districts' isJilustrated by the fact that : two adjourned, - cases in ther Beeoh- .worth Warden's Court;' set dowhfor-hear- ing on Friday1, 2nd April; - have (with the consent of counsel' on bot.h' sides) had to Be further adjourned until Tuesday, 13th April7-' itx : consequence" ' of ' Mr! riWariieni Foster . . having .to attend ! the, ,ff censing court "at' Rush worth, .on .'the 1st of that month. . . The .. cases.; -.are — Nam Shing, John- Rund/and-Rfibert: Bolam _y. Williani Cpiinsell, jun;ihterference:with'a;Iid' trek- pas8!,upon:;ai.water.-rac6aati' Silver Creek lelonging- :to- complhirtants'; j Jojin Eundu'vuojames Stephens and Edward York iEncrohcbmebfcl ahd'-tre'spass-'Su' a fiahki sluibin'g-1 claim '"at 'tHe'; Three Mile. Damages iii the foriner case ' are.JHidliat. £30, 'and ill th'e;latter "at £10. The sooner sts.ajejipken foalter the-existing absurd & .|-eftendanc0 of the police magistrates and wardens at licensing courts, to the neglect of their duties in their respective districts, the better ; for at present both lawyers and litigants are much inconvenienced by such delays as in the above-mentioned cases. 