(FROM -BEE AGE G02SESP0NDENT.) London. Feb. 25. The wheat market is firmer. ' Beeceworth (Stock and Shake Mar ket.— Mc A. W. Foster reports . for the week ending the 26th February;— Banks Commercial— buyers, £7 15s ; sellers, £7 16s. Federal — buyers, 64s; sailers, 65s. City of Melbourne — buyers, 94b ; sellers, , 95s. Australian Freehold — buyers, 52s ;| sellers, 53a. Insurance Companies: Na- tional — ouyers, jlis ; seiiers, lis yd. sales, lis. Colonial Mutual Fire — buyers, 3s 9d ; sellers, 4s 3d ; sales 4s. United Australian — buyers, is 104 ; sellers, 2s ; sales, Is lOd. Southern — buyers, 21s 6d ; sellers, 22s. Indemnity — buyers, 19s 3d ; sellers, 19s 6d. Mines : Rocky Mountain — buyers, 5s. Miscellaneous: Monte Piete — buyers, 10s 9d ; sellers, 12s ; sales, lis. Beechworth Gas Co. (Preferential)--buy- ers, £4 10s ; sellers, £4 15s. Stanley Hall Co. — sellers, 10s. Mutual ' Store- buyers. 52s 6d ; sellers, 54s 6d. Ccffae" Tavern — buyers, 25s ; sellers, 27s. McCalloch Carrying Co.— buyers, 39s 6d j sellers, 40s 6d. Permewan — buyers, 25s; sellers, 26s; ... — The Population of the Colonies. — The probable -population of Australasia in 1991\. is set down by Mr Hayter, supposing the increase to be continued at the same rate as in the decennial period between the last two bensuses, at 133,288,495, and in the year of Grace 2001 it would be 189,269,663. A Remarkable Birth. — An extra ordinary occurrence is reported from) Tunstull, Staffordshire. The wife of a carter, named Mark Hopkinson, living' iu; Tunstall, lately gave birth to four children; all; sous. ; The. father is a poor, 'hard-work ing man.. )"Tt.t. Scoring. — At a cricket match-at Adelaide on Saturday between tlie -Hind- marsli and Norwood clubs the phenomenal score of 432 for four wickets.-.was obtained- by Norwood. George Giffiu, for - the latter,' made 164, not out .. The Factories Act.— In concluding a leading article in its Wednesday's issue, in reference to the Factories Act, which comes into operation on Monday next, the " Daily Telegraph" states :— Another issue has been raised as to whether, by au oversight of the Legislature, the early- closing clause has not been . rendered unworkable. The 44th section prescribes the hours at which shops shall be closed, but there is 110 mention made a3 to any time they shall remain closed. According to some legal authorities, it will be quite possible for a shopkeeper to comply with the Act by closing sharply at 7 o'clock, and opening again with equal celerity five minutes later. If this point be good in law compulsory early-closing under the Factories Act goes by the board, and all the regulations and bya-laws of local bodies become mere useless surplusage. The question is one upon which no doubt the decision of the Supreme Court will be taken. The Rev. R. K. Ewing. — From the " Iuverell" (N.S. W.) " Times" of the 6th inst. we make the following extract : — " On tlie Sunday evening, in company with Mr J. S. Keys Smith, I visited your Church of Englaud, and there heard the Rev. Mr Ewing, not the Rev. Mr ; Camp bell, as I expected. The rev. gentleman named furnished me with some welcome surprise. I was occasionally perplexed at the solemn gravity of his deportment, his measured elegiac voice, his soft cadences. The peculiarities of style, so foreign to the conventional murraurism of the Anglican Church, as a rule, his reading of the psalms, his subdued air, the reading of his lessons and hymns, the calm and ap parently unaffectedness of his elocution, all conbined with bis slight Scottish accent, perplexed me. My mind kept running away to my distingnised relative, the Rev. Dr Guthrie, of Edinburgh ; then forward to some one I heard not long ago in OraDge, whose name escaped me ; then, and eaen now, though I remember this eloquent gentle-hearted representative of the ' Auld Kirk,' I could not unhinge aiy mine from those associations, and un mannerly whispered any friend that gentleman has been a Presbyterian minis ter. This was after I heard his discourse. It is something to come to the very border land of our colony of New South Wales to discover a model of pulpit eloquence. I at least found an example of a high order of pulpit oratory in the Church of Eng land, Glen Innes, when I heard this gentleman preach. If anything too orhate, the lights and shades, and marvellously delicate tints, were put on by a pre-Raphaelite hand. A learned, admirable digest about loving the world. Parts of this excellent piece of pulpit oratory stood out and up resplendent a3 the loftiest shining silver domes of the great antique PagodaB of Burmah — very beautiful — but at times stilted, walking on, leaning on. M.S.S. fixed before the eye fetters the most graceful and effective of sermonic delivery or any other oratory. The rev. gentleman, whose memory I think equal to his.fesvid imagination, would not do unwisely if he would forget his manuscript now and then that his eyes could meet those of his audience. There is more sympathetic eloquence in the language of the human eye than in the mechanical reading of a most learned exposition from the pulpit, with the head beut down, and the minister's hand swaying and grasping at shadows. It was when thi3 gentleman had us in full view, and left his. strong soul unfettered, that he was really eloquent. This gentleman and the rev. gentleman of the Presbyterian Church, Orange, resemble each other in appearance, face, head, build, manner, elopuence, earnestness, and that solemn gravity peculiar to the Scotch Ohurch." Rutherglen Rifle Club. — A match under the auspices of the above club was held' on Wednesday, and resulted in favor of the ' Murray Valley Club. About 100 persons were present, and a very pleasant day was spent, and everybody went away satisfied with their days enjoyment. A dance in the evening concluded, the day's sport, and was well attended, and everyone seemed to thoroughly ' enjoy themselves. Over fifty couples were present. The fol lowing are the prize-takers: — 1st . prize, D. Smith (Wahgunyah), 60 points ; 2nd prize, J. Thompson (Wahgunyah), 59' points; 3rd prize, J. Nugent (Wahgunyah), 4th prize, H. Tanner and James Barr (Rutherglen), 56 points ; 5th prize, C. Chandler (Rutherglen) ; 6th prize, D. Young (Wahgunyah), 52 points. The English Eleven at Benalla. — : Negotiations are proceeding between the Melbourne and Benallr Cricket club with reference to arranging a match with the English Eleven, at Benella. It has been decided by the latter club to offer £100, as a guarantee, for a two- days' match, pro vided it is played either in November, the first week in Decembes, or in the latter half of Eebruary. Candidates and their Meetings. — We fully endorse the sentiments contained in the following paragraph, which appeared in the " Alpine Observer" of Friday last, and which we re-publish for the edification of a few persons who, it has come to our knowledge, havo expressed the opinion that in our columns greater favor, in the way of published reports, has been shown to one candidate more than to others. We may further Btate, in reply to that, that the policy of this journal in regard to the Ovens election is to act impartially towards the whole of the candidates, and whenever notices of meetings have been received they have been inserted, irrespec tive of personal considerations. "Com plaints have reached us from supporters of two of the gentlemen now before the electors as candidates for the representa tion of the Ovens that their meetings are not fully reported. The explanation is very simple, and should not be required if the gentlemen asking it had given the matter a moment's consideration, and is simply this : Each candidate's first meet ing Ib reported in full, or as fully as our space will admit, and succeeding meetings are only paragraphed, unless subjects not previously veatilated are brought forward. To report a speaker t we, three or four times over when his address is the same n each occasion would be an absurdity on the face of it, and an infliction: for which our readers would not thank us. Any thing that a candidate utters w.'H be sure to find its way into print ; more than that no reasonable man requires. We ar. certain none of the candidates themselves i 'eel any grievance on this- score. The disss tisfac- tion is confined tea few of their SU>rin supporters, whose. . enthusiasm fa > the cause has slightly- turned their, he- jtis." 4 -7 — -.-catkr! The General Election.— As the day j. of election — Friday, 5th March — draws near, the interest in the general election grows keener, and candidates and electors are, to use a time-honored metaphor, girding their loins for the fray. In the Ovens eight candidates are nominated (the time for receiving nominations having closed at six p.m. on Friday), viz., Messrs Fredk. . Allen, ..Joseph Ferguson, Daniel Michael O'Connor, George Yerney Smith, Thomas Tans well, William Telford, Fer guson : Hen dley" Tuthill and William Lawrence Zincke. " With-. such a number of aspirants for the two' seats, each of whom has expressed his determination to go to the poll, and each having a largo body of warmj; supporters . working, both openly and "on the quiet," in his causo, the coming week will bean exciting one, and polling-day (which has been declared a public - holiday) will witness one of the liveliest struggles that has ever taken place in this important electorate. The nomina tions for the other North-Eastern con stituencies. are— For Benambra— Messrs P. B. Wallace and A. A. Billson ; .for' Moira — Messrs Graham, Hall, Parfitt and O'Lsary ; and for Delatite— Messrs Graves and J. .T. Bell.' Promotion.— We are pleased to learn that Mr George Stevens, son of Mr John Stevoiis, J.P., builder, &c.;,! late of Bsech worth, has been promoted from his late position in the Windsor (N.S. W.) branch of the Bank of New; South Wales to that of ledger-keeper in the Wagga branch. Lecture. — MrBeillsy; acandidate for the Mining Board, having been interrupted at his lecture in the; Town Hall, Beech - worth, on Thursday night, and obliged to stop, without entering on the quost-ion of a mode of largely increasing the local water supply, and thus enabling lease holders to fulfil labor conditions; and hav ing been requested to repeat his lecture, he has consented to do so on a day to be hereafter named. Tickets will be issued, and the proceeds applied to a Beechworth charity. The subjects of the lecture will be of interest to the whole community, as well as the miners. The Myrtleford Station-master. — Mr Capell has succeeded Mr Williams, who has been transferred to Donald, as railway station-master at Myrtleford. Missionary . Movement. — The Rev. Joseph King, of South Melbourne, the Victorian agent for the London Missionary Society,' and formerly engaged in mission work in the South Sea Islands, will preach in the Independent Church, Beechworth, next Sunday morning and evening,, and ou Tuesday evening, in the same building, deliver a lecture. A collection will 011 each occasion be taken up on behalf of the funds of the above-named society. The Benevolent Asylum Collector- SHir."— Applications for the vacant office of collector for the Ovens Benevolent Asylum will be dealt with by the committee of management at a special meeting to be held in the board-room at seven o'clock on Monday evening. There are, we believe, over thirty applicants for the position, resident in various parts of these districts. Pigeon- shooting. —A trophyand 2 sovs. sweepstake was shot for at a pigeon-slioot- ing match at Brighton Park on Thursday afternoon, and was won by Mr P. W. Jackasn, of Albury, who shot the whole ef his seven birds. There were seven other competitors. The Bush- fires Relief Fund. — The collectors in the Beechworth United Shire on behalf of the above fund are reminded that their books must be handed in to Mr J. W. Morton, the hon. secretary, on or before Thursday, 4th March.' Stock Sale. — The next inonthiy market sale of stock at Dederang will be con ducted by Mr T. A. Kaaggs on Saturday next. A Mistake Somewhere.— Our Wah gunyah correspondent writes : — In Messrs Hall and Graham's programme it was stated that they would address the elec tors at Wahgunyah on Wednesday, 24rd, at 1.30 p.m. Both these gentlemen vi sited us, but did not give any public expression their opinions; but at the Wah gunyah Hotel, in the presence of a few electors, both gentlemen took credit for the reduction in the freight on grain, and read two letters on the subject, and stated that Mr Parfitt had only come in at the last. : The "Ovens and Murray Advertiser" came to hand about the same time as their' arrival, and I was much surprised to hear the statement, after reading the telegram from your own cor respondent of the meeting at Wangar atta, which says: — "Mr Phillipson, (the mayor) who occupied the chair, being called upon to explain what really hap pened on the grain freights deputation, did not quite agree with the explanation given, and stated that neither of the members had assisted on that occasion." Either this statement or the one made by Messrs Hall and Graham must be incor rect. Let credit be given in the right quarter. If Mr Parfitt put the finishing point on, he certainly ought to receive all the commendation he deserves ; and some better explanation ought to be given before the day of polling, se that the electors will be able to determine, to whom credit is due. A Case Submitted to the Public Opinion — Feely Yersus the Accident Indemnity Company. — As agent for above company, and having liberally adjusted several claims for "compensation, which have been duly acknowledged by re cipients, and sometimes in .the newsDaDers. I have to stato the reasons for the company disputing Feely's, claim. He entered as a gentleman sheep-farmer, at the lowest rate of irisuranoe... I, not having been the agent insuring him, was asked, as the local agent, What is Feely's ? and replied that he had often served me in the bar of the hotel known as Feely's hotel, Black Springs. The company thereupon dis puted his claim, but promised to entertain it, if he would submit evidence that he was unconnected with the hotel. I urged upon him the case with which he said lie could do this ; but he preferred writing to the manager, that "he would stand nene of their nonsense, but have recourse to his solicitor," and he is;now enraged against the company aud me, the local agent, for his misadventure, arising wholly first and last, from, his own .error and rushing into litigation. — J. Wood Beilby. Advt. . On the Roll.— The Governor-in Coun cil, acting under the powera conferred by the Electoral Act, 1865, has ordered the inclusion of the names of Thomas Little, Barwidgee, selector, and of JsraeB O'Calla- ghan, Mudgegonga, selector, is the rate payers' roll for the Myrtle Creek, Division of the Beechworth Electoral District. Important to Electors. — Electors who have lost or mislaid thtir electors' rights must avail themselves of -the 31st and 32nd sections of the Electoral Act, 1865, and obtain (in lieu thereof) substi tuted rights to-day (Saturday), to entitle them to vote at the general elections on the 5th March, or they, will subject them selves to the 108th section thereof, which annuls the right of voting, if such substi tuted rights appear by the date„ thereon to have been issued within seven days before the day appointc for tlj9 polling.': ' . v- 0, f r 7 