PUBLIC LIBRARY REPORT. The report of the governors of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery for the year ending June 30 last was laid before Parliament a day or two ago. The insti tution appears to be making, on the whole, fair progress, but some of its departments have suffered a good' deal in consequence of the depression. The full development of the various educational agencies at work under the direction of the board of governors is much hampered by the scarcity of funds. The board once more draw attention to the fact that in all de partments of the institution the want of more accommodation and of larger means is severely felt. Of course while the revenue of the colony is in far from a flourishing condition there is no help for this, and the governors recognise that at the present time they cannot fairly ex pect that their requirements will be adequately met. They trust, however, that " before long those in authority may have the power, as the board are sure they have the disposition,'' to supply such funds as are needed to secure the more success ful development of the institution. The sub-reports of the various standing com mittees contain a mass of valuable inf or matlon. We learn that the Public Library onMay 23 last, when the annual examina tion was completed, comprised 23,155 volumes, showing an increase of 1,162 for the year. The magazines in the library number 2,941. General litera ture is represented by 1,769 volumes, topography and travels by 1,584, and history and chronology by 1,341; but there is a large mass of what to the general public must be an unattractive class of literature. For example, there are 2,7S5 volumes of patent specifications, 1,707 of State papers, and 1,074 of proceedings and reports of learned societies. The accumulation of volumes of this class seems to be growing, and must be taken into account when the apparently satis factory extension of the library as a whole is considered. During the year the book galleries were visited by 84,101 persons, of whom 7,409 visited the institution on Sunday afternoons, and the. board remark that these figures afford " convincing proof of the high appreciation of the library by the public." It is to be regretted that com plaints are still made of the mutilation of books. Three books were cut and three stolen during the twelve months. The free access now given to the library shelves is so abused that unless this prac tice can be stopped the governors are afraid that some fresh limitations to the liberty at present enjoyed by visitors must be imposed. The Museum is still without a director, nor do the committee recommend any appointment at the present time. Chiefly owing to want of funds, but partly, also, to deficient accommodation, "no very extensive or important addi tions have been made this year to the collection exhibited in the Museum." The existing collection is in good order; but the want of space not only militates against its increase, but, we are assured, also renders impossible a thoroughly systematic and scientific arrangement even of those specimens which the Museum now possesses. These are disadvantages which unfortunately are likely to continue for some time to come. The embarrassed state of the public finances precludes the possibility of making such a grant to the public Museum as is needed to provide full and suit able accommodation, and this is a fact which the committee themselves regretfully acknowledge. The typical series of minerals in the Museum is now completed so far as the materials at the command of the hon. mineralogist, Mr. T. C. Cloud, will allow. The collection con tains 232 species, but is still incomplete, and Mr. Cloud suggests that a small sum should be annually devoted to the pur chase of unrepresented species. This is the most practically useful department of the Museum, and deserves to be en couraged. Mr. Tepper, the entomological collector, notes a curious fact with regard to the gradual disappearance of certain forms of bird and insect life in the hills near the city. He states that "insects, especially the rarer, more orna mental, useful and harmless kinds, are decreasing fast, as well as birds, lizards, etc. This is principally owing to en croachments upon the native forests by bushfires, clearing, etc. As their food fails the birds starve, and those that sur vive are shot indiscriminately for sport. Unlcr-s this process should be checked by replanting and by protecting the birds more rigorously, unpleasant results must follow through the inordinate increase of obnoxious insect life, which already begins to make itself felt to a considerable extent." The new Game Bill now before Parliament will certainly have Mr. Tepper's warm approval. As but little has been done to add to the attrac tions of the Museum, it is perhaps not surprising to find that the average attendance has fallen off considerably. During the year the visitors numbered 78,225, while the average attendance was 218 per diem as compared with an average daily attendance of 368 for the 171 days during which the Museum was open in 1884-5. The committee attribute the decrease to the fact that the Museum has lost the charm of novelty ; but doubtless the popularity of the institution is also affected by the comparative failure to add to its attractions. The report of the Fine Arts Committee is in the same key as that of the manage ment of almost every other department of the institution. "The committee much regret that there is no prospect of any amount being placed on the Estimates for 1886-7 for the purchase of pictures; all the more because the Jubilee Exhibition next year will un . doubtedly afford such an opportunity for purchasing pictures a3 may not recur in Adelaide for a long time." The com mittee see plainly enough that the luxuries of the people, even though such luxuries have an • educational value, must be the first to suffer when the economising spirit is abroad ; but their feeling is one of sad resignation to the inevitable. The attendance at the Art Gallery during the year was 63,357, showing a falling off of 14,913 as compared with the previous year. The curator, Mr. Tannert, thinks this decrease is " attributable more to the want of fresh objects in the Gallery than to _ the exodus on account of the circumstances of the colony, although probably in some measure due to both." Two pictures now being exhibited in the South Australian court at the Colinderies were purchased for the colony by the committee during the year, and three pictures were presented to the gallery. Mr. Tannert's report on the School of Painting is, very satisfactory. The number of students has steadily in creased from 96 in 1883-4 to 144 at the end of 1885 6, and good progress is being made by the pupils in their studies. The School of Design has, however, suffered severely from the depression. Mr. Gill states that at least 30 of the students have left the colony, and the fine arts committee observe very naturally that while it may be creditable to South Aus tralia that she ha3 given an art education to artisans of which the neighboring colonies are reaping the advantages, their departure from this province is never theless much to be regretted. • The number of students attending the various classes conducted by Mr. Gill has fallen off from 172 to 134, and the average atten dance has also been unsatisfactory. " The school," observes Mr. Gill, "has hitherto had but few opportunities of actively assisting any manufacture or trade, save by the teaching of the artisans engaged therein. How, however, I have pleasure in reporting that during the current year, 1886-7, the school will employ a con siderable amount of time upon the deco ration of pottery; and I should like to conclude with the assertion that during the year, aided by the esprit of a local factory, we shall do much to encourage colonial pottery." The grant to country institutes is now at the rate of lis. 9d. per £1 locally raised ; but in spite of the reduction of 8s. 3d. the number of the.:e institutions has satisfactorily increased. Seventeen institutes were affiliated to the Public Library during the year, and there are now 133 such Institutions in the colony. 