NEEDLES: Short, Sharp, Shiny. Fire. Dinnie hooted. McIlwraith, 125. Affy about again. "Hamlet" again. Jarvis, 77 not out. A row on the Oval. Bushfire in the hills. "Melting moments." Beware of sunstroke. Josiah off on a jaunt. Heavy rains in N.S.W. Floods near Cootamundra. Still fighting in the Soudan. Greeks are itching for a row. A fair start on the New Year. Dinnie couldn't take his "gruel." "A little genuine S.A. summer." "Bonfires were blazing" last night. Bowden tannery burnt to the ground. A fire started by lightning at Eurelia. Mr. Dowie says he will lose by the fire. Mr. J. H. Symon started for England. Coachmakers of Sydney want to strike. Now, then, who's the next to have a fire? Wharf laborers in Melbourne want to strike. The "preliminary" Australian Eleven made 375. Mr. Joseph Barnes, another old colonist, de- funct. Kenny didn't ken the idea of swimming Moore. The King of Uganda wants to dine on a bishop. Boyle bowled best against the Australian Eleven. Start the new year in confidence and self- reliance. "One more unfortunate" fished out of the Torrens. Another railway accident at Cootamundra— prevented. " Paddy" Roachock bested Dinnie at putting the weight. Another injustice to Glenelg—the pier steps allowed to rot. A shooting affray took place on the last trip of the Gambier. Dinnie declared himself—the sort of heads I win tails you lose. A crusade is being started in London against nude figures in art. Three new men-of-war have arrived at Tien- king from Germany. A movement is on foot in America to reform the Hebrew church. Lady Scratchley and the Misses Scratchley en route for England. Cases of cholera are of occasional occurrence at Vienna and Trieste. Mrs. Norville, at Hamley Bridge, to be tried for concealment of birth. Forty people thrown out of work by the fire —a bad start for the new year. The public will have to teach the railway department how to manage the lines. Jarvis's wicketkeeping was the topic in Mel- bourne on Friday and Saturday last. Mr. O'Connor asks for Ireland the powers of self-government possessed by Canada. Cholera is still prevalent at Shanghai and Foo Chow. Many deaths have occurred. South Australia is not any worse off than her neighbors, but some of us are apt to croak too much. Camphor is steadily rising at Hongkong. The market price at Yokohama is 26 dollars per picul. Many country clergymen in England are re- fusing to lend their schoolrooms for political meetings. The Duke of Argyle considers it impossible to place Ireland in the same political position as the colonies. Omdurman is reported to have become a second Mecca, thousands of Arabs visiting Mahdi's tomb there. Herbert Gladstone declares that his father was in favor of excluding bishops from the English House of Lords. Sir Charles Warren took home with him from Bechuanaland the flag of the Freebooters' Republic in Stellaland. The King of Corea has applied to China for 10,000 soldiers, as he fears a fresh outbreak during the present winter. Li Hung Chung possesses exclusive power to carry out the proposed Chinese reforms. He is very favorable to the English. Mr. Dinan, of Eurelia, lost on Saturday, stables, haystacks, pigsties, and two valuable horses by a stroke of lightning. The death is announced of the Most Rev. Marcus Gervois Beresford, D.D., Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of Ireland, at the age of 84. The Duke of Cumberland refuses to pay legacy tax on his Brunswick inheritance, de- claring himself to be the lawful sovereign of the country. Mr. Parnell has received a remittance for a large a amount from the Irish in the United States, to assist him in carrying out his poli- tical projects. An international industrial exhibition will be opened in Edinburgh on May 4, 1886, and at the same time there will be an exhibi- tion in Liverpool. French newspapers are telling of a con- scientious Parisian cook who committed suicide because of the failure of a wedding breakfast got up by him. A serious row has occurred in connection with the U.S. flagship Trenton, eighteen of whose crew attacked ten bluejackets belonging to the gunboat Cockchafer. There has been serious fighting in Tonquin between the French troops and a body of 10,000 pirates at Haiphong, General Negrier cannot quieten the country. One of the celebrated beauties of the court of Napoleon III. has just fallen a victim to morphine, Mme. Corder, nee Lautte, and a sister of Marquis de Gallifet. Marquis Tseng, the late ambassador to Great Britain, is expected daily to take part in the arrangement of a systematic scheme of defence for the Chinese coast. The death is announced of Frederick Swan- wick, assistant to George Stephenson, who drove the engine at the opening of the Man- chester and Liverpool railway. It is proposed to hold an exhibition of Cana- dian live stock at the Agricultural-hall, Isling- ton, next June, to show the people of England the kind of cattle that Canada raises. The Emily Melville La Mascotte Company is a great success at Shanghai, and is playing the "Mikado" to crowded houses. Chiarini's circus is doing a good business at Singapore. Miss Lavinia Heysett, of Teignmouth, living as barmaid at the Imperial Hotel, Plymouth, has lately been left a fortune of £70,000 by her uncle, William Howe Bol- staney. The sparrow has not only lost caste abroad, but he is losing it at home. The country papers of England are filled with a discussion by farmers as to the best methods for his extermi- nation. Between fifty and sixty farmers in East Kent are now turned butchers, and are doing a good trade. There profits are much greater than they would get by sending their stock to market. The Japanese Government have signed con- tracts for 100 men-of-war, fast cruisers, to be supplied within five years, from England, France, and Germany; also one first-class ironclad. The municipal authorities of Marseilles de- in and the expulsion of the Orleanist princes from France, and that an attempt to restore the monarchy be declared treason, with death as the penalty. It is believed that Osman Digna, the Arab leader, was not killed in the recent battle with the Abyssininns, as was reported, but is alive and is preparing to make a fresh attack upon the Abyssinians. At Canterbury, New Zealand, a girl of 17, dying of consumption, earned 10s. a week, and on that maintained herself and aged father. A noble heroine—who will be canonised now that she is dead. It is intended to open in Paris next Decem- ber an exhibition of machinery and tools used in public works, both by native and foreign manufacturers, who are invited to send either models or drawings and photographs. Two of the perpetrators of the robbery of 225,000 roubles from the Imperial Bank of Russia have been arrested at Bienne. They had just arrived from Geneva when they were recognised by Russian police agents. Sister Cipriani, who reached Cairo from Khartoum, referring to the fate of Olivier Fain, says that he fell from his camel while ill, and that the Arabs, who were hurrying forward at the time, buried him before he was dead. 