THE RECENT DISASTROUS BUSH- FIRES IN VICTORIA. HARROWING INCIDENTS. The bush-fires which occurred a week or to since in the Heyteebury ForeBt, Victoria, almost wholly devastated the country from Camperdown to Port Campbell. On all aides farms were laid waste, houses, implements, and fencing destroyed, and the great gum-trees and soil charred as black as night. Many of the settlers who were burnt out had enough to .do to escape with their lives. A reporter of The Argus who has visited the locality writes :— " A narative which has few special features beyond-others to excite tho benevolence oi the ejlony, but which is a lair sample or others, is that of the Monk familv, who lived on Cardie's River. Mrs. Monk'is a Blight, small woman of about 40 years of age, who one wonld think would hardly have been capable of the fortitude acd endurance which she manifestei during one of the most trying experiences which could test any woman's self-passession and resolution. Her story is vouched for by the attendant circumstances, by the ruins of her home, tbe sufferings of tbe children, and the testimony of the neighbors who gavetheuuloitunate woman reliel. Mrs. Mont, who was found with her children at the residence of a Mrs. Scanlon, near Cohden, neatly 30 miles from where she was burnt out, said, ' My husband, William Monk, had 180 acres on Curdie'e River. He selected then about five years ago, and worked on the land when hB had money. List summer he put up a shingle and slab two-roomed house, and took me and the children down to live there. To get a garden we cut some scrub in front of the house ready for burning, but we did not set fire to it, for fear of burning the neighbors out My husband gota job of fencing at Wm. Scanlon's, and was away when the fire came. I was afraid of the fire all Monday night, as I had seen the smoke coming our way. As soon as I got up on Tuesday I heard the timber crackling not far from the house. It was a fearlully hot day, and the wind was coming through the trees. I got the children out of their beds as quick as I could, but had not time to dress them. There was five of them from a fortnight up to 13 years of age. Clara' two and a half years old, could not etop to put her .boots on when we started to run to Mrs. Pascoe s, our nearest neighbor in the direction away from the fire. The flunes were very fierce and great lumps of bark and rubbish were b owing high in the air, and setting on fire places along way in front, in the direction of our house. My eldest girl carried the baby ; the boy had another sister in his arms; and I had Clara in mine. The trees were coming down upon us all round, when we met Mr. Wm. Gubbin's man running to save us. He started to bum a palcb, but bad only got a piece clear M big as the floor of this kitchen, when the flames swept past and scorched ns. Cissy child of about 18 monthB, was burned all over on the neck, thighs, legs, and feet Clara had her feet bumed so that the skin dropped off her heels and toes, and Mrs. Tweedie has git it in a paper at her place now. Uara cried out that she was burning on the hot limestone. I told her she would make me ill if she cried, and then she stopped ? . d !i not mote - Tie beat was feai - IttU The children had their tongues hanging out, and I thought the baby, which was gasp, ing, would die every minute. I saw Boms water in a gully, and Mr. Gubbin's man brought some to his hut for tbe children, which saved them. After the fire had passed us we stayed out on the clear patch for a time and then I took the children back home. The elder boy and girl carried their sisters as they had done before. Tho house was burnt to a cinder and everything that was in it. Mr. Gubbin's man went to get us some food for it was now afternoon, and none of ns bad anything since the night before. The children no sooner got back to where the house had been than they fell back exhausted, and I watched to keep the hot ashes from falling on them. When it was getting dark I thought I , . would try and reach Mrs. Tweedie's, as the rV . fire was in the direction of Mrs. Pascoe's. '' The help Mr. Gubbin's man bad gone for did not come till after we left, and it was 10 o'clock before we got to Mrs. Tweedie's, and tbe children got something to eat Tbey were in a very bad state, and for nights afterwards they kept starting in their sleep, and calling out, 1 Mother, we are in the fire.' It was no wonder they were frightened, for all the time i he forest was burning. It was nearly as black as night with smoke, and the branches kept tumbling off the trees and nearly crushing u°. The baby was kept well wrapt up in a shawl, and was only scorched on the neck, but all the other children except the eldest boy were badly burned. " These burns were shown me, and the feet of the girl Clara, who was still in bed, presented a sickening sight The family have not been visited by a doctor, bnt the people of Cohden have done all in their power for the sufferers. Some ladies have volunteered as nurses, but there is a lack of medical comforts, and the children are becoming very thin and debilitated for want of them. The family have been left quite destitute, except for the labour of Monks' hands. " The relief committees which have been organised at Camperdown and at Scott's Creek, which is one of the centres of the devastated country, have received a quantity of stores, clothing, and other goods for distribution, but some of the clothing is' quite unsuitable for the rough wear and tear of forest life. What is wanted even more than food or clothing is money to replace the buildings and fencea which have been lost, and of which I can give further particulars. While tbe fences are down, cattle and vermin are running upon whatever crop the fire has left, or the stock are strarjDg away into tbe Otway ranges and being lost; to prevent which several settlers are hastily mustering their cattle and selling them in.Camperdown at a sacrifice. 'Some of the sufferers are Quite disheartened by their severe reverses. They put it with much feeling that after so hard a struggle to tide over all their difficulties, it is a crushing blow to have the Bavings and fruits of years of libor swept away in an hour. A strong opinion is expressed that as the calamity is BO widespread, as it was so non-preventable, and as the forest settler by opening up the country is undoubtedly a greater benefactor to the colony at large than he is to himself, albeit his sons may reap a benefit, the Government should do something to help a deserving class of people. The remission of the rent due upon the holdings on account of the great losses sustained by pioneers, who of all others are the least able to bear them, is the kind of help that would be most acceptable to manv of the sufferers, but of course this aid would not be approved without a special Act of Parliament. I merely mention tbe mitter to show the feeling of the forest settlers." 