L a t e s t flews* FREE DISTRIBUTION OF BOOTS —LA repoDEe to the charitable offer of Messrs. Stevenson Brothers, of Rundle-street, to distribute 100 pairs of boots amongst the deserving poor of Adelaide on application, a large number of unemployed of both sexes went to the shop on Friday. Order cards had been entrusted to the following gentlemen for distribution:— Rev, M. Fernie, 5; Dean Russell, 10; Mies Green (of the City Mission), 10; Rev. Mr. Rorke, 8; Rev. J. B. Stephenson, 8; Rev. A. Turnbull, 10; Archdeacon Russell 10; Rev. H. J. Lambert, S; Rev. S. Knight, 10; and Rev. W. £. Rice, 5. The balance of the 100 Messrs. Stevenson Brothers reserved for casual applicants. As early as 8 o'clock applicants came in, some of them aged men and women, and they each being fitted with a good substantial pair of new boots, the recipients left with fervent protestations of graitude. Numerous letters from ministers and others recommending indigent people without the order were received, and over a thousand boots could have been given away if all who asked for the boon had been served There'were some few instances of palpable attempt at imposition, and these meanspirited individuals were dismissed with a kindly caution. In more than one case of application without credentials where the object was deserving of compassion the petitioner was not sent empty away. By 11 o'clock over fifty orders for boots had been received and honoured. EASTERN SUBURBAN COMPANY R.V.F.— After the usual drill on Thursday evening the prizes won at the late contest were distributed. Lieutenant Giles (in the absence of<Captain Bass£, who is suffering from the effects of an accident) occupied the chair, and in few well-chosen remarks handed the various winners their trophies. Three hearty cheers were given for the donors who had generously given the trophies and money. TELEGRAPHIC NOTICES. — Advices from Berne notify that the cable between Para and Maranhan is restored. Information from Aden states that the messages for the next Mauritius mail should reach there befjre noon on Sunday, April IS. POST-OJTFICE AT TABMAXSTA.—Mr. Mou>e. M.P., has received the following letter from the Secretary to the Minister of Education :— "Referring to the petition presented by you from the residents of Tabmanna, asking for the opening of a Post-Office, I am directed by the Hon. the Minister to inform you that one of the memorialists has been written to to ascertain if the services of a reliable person can be {secured as postmaster on the usual terms." Tabmanna is on the road to Cieve from Franklin Harbour, and aboutL~> miles from Cleve. THE LATE FIRE AT THE FOREST RANGES.— On Monday, April 19, at the Adelaide Local Court, Mr. J. M. Stuart, S.M., will be engaged In hearing a preliminary or te3t action for £400 damages brought by Mr William Bungay against Mr. Clement Sabine, in reference to the destructive bushfire at the Forest Ranges, which was started on March 2 in a wcolshed block tenanted by the defendant. It appears that Mr. Sabine, after giving due notice under the Bushfires Act, had a fire lighted in a paddock, and the flames spread so rapidly that very soon no fewer than fifteen or sixteen neighbouring formers and gardeners had their property greatly damaged. The plaintiff's claim is chiefly in respect to the destruction of an orchard. Mr. C. Sabine is known as the agent of Mr. Price-Maurice. If settled in favour of the plaintiff the claim will lie followed by several others. Messrs. Grncdy & Pelly are retained for the plaintiff, and the defendant will appear on his own t-fchaif. : OCCULTATION <W JOTITER. — It appears probable that the atmospheric conditions for observing the occultation of the planet Jupiter by the moon this evening will be favourable, and if so the phenomenon will bs of a specially interesting character. Mr. W. EL Cooke, our Acting Government Astronomer, was the first to direct public attention to the subject in an elaborate article published in the Register, April 3 According to his calculations :the planet will be concealed bytbeuioon forty-eight minutes, •whereas Captain Lee, of Port Adelaide, finds by an independent and probably quite different process that it will be bidden lh. Cm. 1G sec. Another correspondent, writing under the signature of ''Libra," says:—"I calculated the times of ingress and egress about a month ago for my ora private nee, ard made them 8h. 5m. p.m. and 9h. 9m. p.m. respectively, but these cau only be taken a3 approximations, even assuming that I went the right way to work." These different computations then, when placed in juxtaposition stand thus:— Ingress. Egress. Interval Actg. Gov*nt. Astronomer 8h. 24m. 9h. 12m. Oh. 48m. CaptAV. P.LeeSh. 6m. 2i8. 9h. 12m. 38s. lb. 6m. 163. "Libra'* ..Sh.Sm. Sh.9m.30*. lh.4tn.a>3 In order to observe the exact times^a teletcope or field-glass of considerable maj nifying power should be used, but evea an opeia-glass will be of some service. The ingress will take place before the tivo bodie3 are in apparent contact, the li^ht of the olanet being cut off by the unenlightened limb of the moon, TIIE MARINE BOARD.—The meeting of thi3 Board on Thursday morning was short, being kept within an hour. The Public Wo.ks Department announced their intention to krep 636 feet of the Coalshed Wharf for publ-c purposes, complete the structure, and pay tor deepening the frontage. The resignation was received of Pilot Woolnough, who, after thirty-three years' service as a pilot of Port Adelaide, is retiring. The repaired dredger, Sarnia, will return to Port Pirie next week. MARCH LAND SALES.—The amount received at the Treasury during March on account of land sales was £15.031 13s. 4d. The cash s^les amounted to £234 15s. 31, representing 1701 acres, and the credit sales to £2G,86l lis. reDreEenting 24,088^ acres. The montn's payments are thus specified:—Deposits and balance from previous auction sales, £237 OJ. 0d.; purchase of closed roads, £165 14s; completion of purchase ot 9,215 acres under Act 14 of 1S0S-9, &e.;, £9,710 15s.; payment of onefourth purchase-money, £43; payment of portion of purchase-money, £8715s.; payment of 10 per cent, on account of purohaae-m •jney, Acts 275 of 1SS2 and 318 of 18S4, £2,72fj 133.; instalments and extensions, £1,277 2s. lOd. EASTER ENCAMPMENT.—We understand that Brigadier-General Owen has been asked to pive permission for the V.M.F. to hold an encampment for three or four days in Eister, and he appioves of the idea. A meeting has been held to test the feeling of the V.M.F. on the subject, and if a sufficient number of men volunteer for the encampment preaarations will be made without delay. Of course tLe movement is purely a voluntary one, and will be earned out by each man subscribing a trifling sum for tne incidental expenses; camp equipage and stores will be provided as heretofore. The locality will probably beiu the neighbourhood of Gawler. THE RIGHES OF POUNDKEEPERS. — An interesting case, as showing the relative positions of ponndkeepers and owners of cattle impounded in respect to claims one against another, was decided by the three Judges in theSnpren?e Court oh Thursday, April 15 Mr._ J. J. Kains, poundkeeper at Telcwie. had in his charge a large flack •if sheep belonging to Mr. H. H. Whittle, and the animals were released from pound on Whittle's son prom ; siDg to pay a sum of £16 14s. 2d. to the owner of land trespassed upoD. Kains had accepted fnra Whittle an undertaking as prescribed ia the Impounding Act for the payment of poundfees within thirty days. Whittle, having regained possession of the sheep, re fused to pay more than £4 as fees, and declined to pay the owner of the lacd for trespass, and also a charge made for sustenance. The poundkeep r sued him in the Local Court of Port Pirie for £12 4s., as representing all the items, And obtained a verdict in his favour.. Whittle appealed to the Supreme Court, find Mr. E. P. Nesbit on his behalf urged that the poundbeeper had no power to recover more than the pound-fees mentioned in the undertaking. He contended that the poundkeeper had only the remedy sx>ecially provided in section 23 of the Act — by distraining on the goods and chattels of the owner of the sheep—and that the sum due to liim was not recoverable in Courts of L»w as an ordinary debt. Several other point? were ako raised by Mr. Nesbit, and Mr. fL F. Downer opposed the appeal in the interests of Kaias. Their Honors agreed that the remedy mentioned in the undertaking entered into by Whittle with the poundkeeper was not intended to shut out other remedies, but was provided with a view to enlarge the rights of poundkeepers in recovering frcm owners of animals. Otherwise, poundkeepers might frequently have no remedy, especially in cases where droves of cattle were brought from other colonies and rapidly disposed of by persons who had no goods and chattels in this colony, After exhaustively reviewing the circum-, stances and the various arguments their Honors upheld the decision of the Court below, and dismissed the appeal with costs. In our summary paragraph of the proceedings in the Vice-Admiralty Court on Wednesday, in the case of Medlin v. Smith, Malpas, Little, and others, it was stated that Medlin was ejected from the Dolphin " on behalf of the purchasers." This wis incorrect. Mr. Brock, who ejected Medlin, acted for the vendors. OTTO FISCHER, THE YOUNG MUSICIAN.— London papers recently to hand give flattering notices of Otto Fischer, the young musician, who, it will be remembered, won Sir Thomas Elder's musical scholarship. The Daily Telegraph of February 21, speaking of Hermann Franke's chamber music concerts, says:—"The performance by Miss Hamlin, MIES Lena Little, Mr. W. Winch, and the Australian bass (Mr. Fischer) was marked by the distinguishing merits to which we referred in a previous notice. Each of these vocalists is an artist, and their solos, no less than their ensemble, prove the fact beyond cavil." Young Fischer also made his appearance at a grand subscription concert given by the Rochester, Strood, and Chatham Choral Society, and the Chatham paper writes thus concerning his performances:— " Mr. Fischer gave a fine rendering of the song'Easter Mom'(G. Lant), for which he received an encore. He acknowledged the compliment by bowing." . . . "Mr. Fifcher followed, and displayed his splendid voice to advantage in the song' Erl King,' which was received with warm demonstrations of approval." . . . "Mr. Fischer next gave an excellent rendering of the song 'Ever Bravest Heart may Swell/ which was well received." In a private letter, dated Royal College of Music, March 5, the young collegian says:—" Next April I appear at three of theRichter concerts, which is the highest artistic honour I can attain." A REPORT FROM THE QUEENSLAND BOUNDARY.—The Surveyor-General {Mr. G. W. Goyder) has received a report from Mr. W. H. Cornish, who is at present engaged in n iangulating the country between the telegraph line and the south-west corner of Queensland, in addition to placing posts on a portion of the boundary-line. The communication is written from Aramata Minkinna, and bears date March 19. Mr. Coraish writes:—" I have the honour to report that I am to-day starting for the Queensland boundary to complete the unfinished portions left by Mr. Surveyor Poippel. The country is terribly diy, there having been no rain over it for over twelve months, and we have had continuous lieat the whole of this fcummer. It will cause me considerable diifi culty ia effecting the completion of this survey. Should I have fair success I hope to be back here in about three months, whenl shall continue the trig, survey to the 138th meridian and commence the permanent survey. The health of my party is generally very good, the only exception being the cook, who will leave at the end of the month, or as soon as I can conveniently send him to a mail station, for it ia dangerous for any man to attec.pt to walk in this country. No less than three nien are now lying near here for the police to bury, all having died during the last few wetks either from exhaustion or want of water. Cleaned out a well 12 miles north of Yelpawaralina, at a place named Pirrie Pirrie Thurkaninns, where I found a splendid supply of good fresh water at a depth of 20 feet. I purpose, making this my last camp prior to feoing to Queensland." The Surveyor General adds that this country iB exceedingly dry and difficult to travel, as will be seen by Mr. Cornich's remarks, and che duty is an arduous one. THE GUMERACHA PROSPECTING PARTIES.— The Overseer of the Government prospecting party at Benney's Flat has reported to the Warden of Goldfields (Mr. B. Hack), that everything is proceeding satisfactorily there. The men up to the present time have only found the colour of gold, but they are not disheartened. About 29 holes have been sunk, the depths ranging from 14 to 20 feet. No reports are to hand from the party at Mount Crawford. ANOTHER GOLDFIELD AT ECHUNGA —The Warden of Goldfields has received a communication from Mr. Bertram intimating that his party has discovered payable gold half a mile west of Chappie's Hill, at Echunga. 