NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho discussion on 'The Resources o Westorn Australia and How to Utilize Thorn,1' adjourned fioin last week, will be continued at this ovouing's meeting of the Perth Literary Socioty. At the last genoral eleotions. in England Mr. J. H. B. Warner, who is known to many in this colony, again met defeat, tluB time at the hands of Mr. T. E. Ellis, for the Rushcliffe Division of Nottingham. Communication on tho Albauy- Euola Telegraph lino, which was iriontionod In list Saturday's Daily News as havj'ng become interrupted, was reestablished shortly after oight o'clock lliis morning. In tho ' Commercial Summary' of the Eumnpan Mail we read:— Tho Crown ?Amenta foi tho Colonies give notico that in order to preparo the dividend due on Janu ary 15, 1880, the balances of the several accounts in the Western Australian Govern ment Inscribed Stock will be struck on the night of December 15, On and after Dec ember 16 the stock will bo transferred ex dividend. The present wheat harvest in South Aus tralia is such a sovere failure that tho re turns are scarcely expected to justify tho cost of reaping it. It is calcu lated that the average yield will not exceed three bushels to the aero. Here, in West ern Australia, tho average will touch nearor twenty than fifteen bushels to the acre. In some localities more than twonty-flve bushels to tho aoro has been obtained. A rather long ohapter of accidents has reached us from our correspondents in the southern distriots. Mr, Frederick Brock man, eldest sou of Mr. E, R. Bcookman, of the Warren, broke his leg by a fall from his hoi-Be. A son of Mr. Jas. Forrest, who lives near Capo Naturaliste, had the wheol of a cart pass ovor his chest j he sustained no serious injury, however. Mr. Fred. Hawkins, a settler on the Brunswiok River, died suddenly on the 8th instant, from the effects of heart-disease. Enlightenment is atlast beginning to dawn upon some portions of tbo ' wilds of Mur ray street.' Those who take a short stroll after their evening's meal will have their sense of hearing gratified with the sweet strains of a Glee Club that has reoently been formed at Colroavy's boarding estab lishment. The club is possessed of some very good voices, and the members havo evidently at their command an extensive repertoire, While these entertainments are no doubt a source of amusement to those who take part in them, they are no less pleasing to those who occasionally are compelled to listen to them. At the City_ Polioe Court this morning, before the Polioe^Magistrate, a young man, an apprentice, named John Henry Brown, was charged with absenting himself from the employ of his master, Mr. Matthew Wallis, builder. The defence set up by Mr. Burnside, who appeared for Brown, was that as his client had attained the ago of twenty-one years his indentures were no longer binding upon him. After a short discussion His Worship adjourned the cose until Wednesday next. The sentencing of an old offender, named Miohael Clarke, to a fine of 5s. or seven days' imprisonment, closed this day's business at tho Ceurt. The splendid new building recently erected in St. George's-terrace for the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, was opened for business for the first time this morning. It ocoupies nearly the full width of an allotment a few yards to the east ward of tho building originally ocoupied by tho Bank— an allotment which formerly belonged to the family of the lato Mr. Riolurd Broun, and upon which, iu early days, the cottage tenanted by 'Snuffy Watts stood. The Bank, which is a really handsome and substantial-looking structure, was built after the design of Mr. Goo. C, Inskip ; and it was erected by Mr. Ed. Keane, at the cost of nearly ,£10,000. We loarn of yet another Joint-stock Company being_ about to bo brought before the public— this time for tho manufacture of bisouits, The promoter of the ' W. A. Bisouit Company' is Mr. Richard Scrive ner, the wolltkuown baker and confeotioner of Guildford, who, it is stated, purposes investing upwards of .£5000 in the specu lation. The works of this Company will be situated at Guildford, upon tho property at present occupied by the promoter, and which, it is believed, with a small outlay coxild be made replete with every con venience for carrying ou the busiuess on an extensive soale. The largo number of dairy-farms situated contiguous to Guild ford gives that township many advantages for the prosecution of suoh an industry as a Bisouit Factory, and in the interests of the Swan distriots, and of the Colony at largo, we wish the venture every success, Tbo settlers in tho Kojonup distriot have had their share, it would seem, of loss and anxiety resulting from bushfires, which, this year, appear to have been much more general than usual all over the settled dis triots. The heavy growth of pasturage vegetation, favored by a long and extreme ly favourable winter, may in some measure account for tho uuusual prevalence of these destructive fires, so harassing to both squatter and farmer. Our correspondent at Kojonup, writing on the 12th instant, says !— ' Bushflres aro all the rage hore, and several fanners have been completely burnt out. Mr. H. Vanzuileoom has had everything about his place burnt except the 'house 5 I also hear that Mr. John Stevens, of the Williams, has just shared a similar fato.' Our correspondent adds that Mr, H. Larson has lost his license for the Kojonup Inu, so that Mr. E. Treasure is now the only publican in that neighbor hood. The crops had pretty well all been got in, and the yield was expeoted to be very good, Many complaints havo reached us from time to time of the extremely reprehensible practice indulged in by persons en: ployed in driving tradesmen's carts on the Mount's Bay_ road of endeavouring to run their vehicles so close to passing pedestrians as to create no small amount of alarm to those persons thus suddenly started. Generally speaking, we are informed, the young cowards select ladies as tho object of their dirgracoful practical joke, and, in many instances, actually pull off the road on to the turf alongside, in order to offset their object. Last Friday afternoon, however, a still more determined attempt was made in this direction. A gentleman was quietly walking up the road towards Perth, and was strolling along the riverside of the thoroughfare under the trees planted close to the river-wall. Just then a brewer's cart was coming up the road in the same direction, and no booner did tho driver espy the pedestrian that he at once deliberately pulled his horse off the road and drove straight down upon him, with such success that ho succeeded in striking him on the loft shoulder with the off shaft of the vehicle. The dastardly and entirely un provoked assault was fortunately witnessed by two gentlemen who happened to be passing at tho time (one of whom ocoupies a high position in tho Government Servico), and who expressed their indignation at the wanton outrago they saw committed. We hope that steps will be taken by the police to pub a stop to such an abominable system of annoyance in the future. Hans Canon, the distinguished Austrian paiuter, who died recently (writes the St. James's Gazette) seems to have been also a good practical cook, delighting, like the elder Dumas and Rossini, to prepare the dishes which wero to be set before his guests, Tho great composer, iudeed, is said to have been prouder of his maccaroni than of 'Guillaumo Tell.' Dumns's specialty was bouillabaisse. An intimate acquaintance with the culinary art has also been professed by more than one prince of fame. Philip of Orleans, when Regeut of France, sought relaxation from the cares of the State in a series of cooking parties, in which he did his full share of the work— and did it well. Peter the Great did not indeed dress his owu supper ; but his break fast consisted of teu draohms ot' brandy, which, it was said, he had carefully distill ed with his own hands. Our own William III. prided himself on the knowledge of the beat way of serving asparagus at table, which ho once imparted to Swift— with unpleasant consequences to a timid man who afterwards dined with the Dean of St. Patrick's, and whom his host compelled to eat the asparagus stalks, assuring him that that had beeu Kinc William' b way. ' And, sir,' said the timid man to a person who chaffed him with his compliance, ' if you had been with tho Dean you would hare had to eat them too.' A later William— of Midlothian hoigho— can improvise an egg flip more deftly than an Egyptian polioy. Napoleon III. possessed tho un-Fronch a« complishmont— which ho loved to exercise at Cabinet Councils— of being able to mako tea. A. committee-meeting of the Fremantle Yacht Club wa«t held at the Cleopatra Hotel last Friday, There was a Inrge muster present, The prize list was fixed as follows :— First class yachts, 1st, 8 guineas) 2nd, 3 guineas j 3rd, 1 guinea. Seoondflksa yachts^ 1st, 6 guineas; 2nd, 2 guineas j 3rd, 1 guinea. Dingy race, 1st dS3 3s. j 2nd, .£1 10s. Carioe sailing race, 1st, ,£2 2s. j 2nd, 10s. Gd. Canoe paddling race, 1st, £2 2s. ; 2nd, 10s. Cd. For these races members of Yacht Clubs only will be allowed to compete. The prizes for tho open events wero fixed as under :— Amateur whaleboat race, M 4s. Dingy sailing race, .£1 Is, Four-oared gig race, £i 4s. Fishing-boat sailing race, ,£3 3s. Dingy pair-soulls pulling race, .£2 2s. Profes sional whaleboat race, £Q Gs. Duck hunt (for amateurs only), .£3 3s, A Bum of 43 was set aside for sports in connection with the greasy pole business and swimming match. A prize has been promised by Messrs, Wheeler & Bennett, jewellers, and another by Mr, Nugent, and it is hoped many other small trophies may come in against to-morrow morning. It is proposed, we believe, to obtain a valaable oup for competition by first-class yachts next year. It is confidently expected that the Regatta will prove a great success. We are glad to hear that tho storekeepers in Fremantlo have agreed to close at 10 a.m. to-morrow, instead of on Wednesday afternoon, and as it is also a half-holiday in the City, no doubt mauy will go from Perth.' Soveral Perth yachtsmen have entered their boats. 