The Wreck of the "Mira Flores." A ship which weathers the perils of the long voyage from England to Australia, only to be cast away when in sight of port, is an object which appeals strong- ly to the sympathy of everyone. The end of the long suspense, and the weary journey, the gratification of having ac- hieved another suceess, the desire of setting foot again on land, the hope of renewing our intercourse with friends, all dashed to the ground just at the instant at which they are all most sensibly felt. In default of some kind of inquiry it seems impossible to explain satisfactor- ily the disaster which befell the Mira Flores. The light at Rottnest is one of the best in these seas, and should be distinctly visible as a rule at the least twenty miles at sea. Overhanging smoke may have obscured it, which one of the numerous bush-fires which are blazing, so fiercely on the island under the scorch- ing heat that prevailed lately may have led the captain to mistake the true posi- tion of the lighthouse. Anyway the vessel, a fine iron barque, struck on the Horse- shoe Reef, about a mile and a half to the westward of the island, and spite of the efforts of the captain to beach her she sank, almost at once becoming a total wreck. The vessel is said to be insured, but the captain, who was part owner, cannot escape being a loser. The West Australian Shipping Association, by whom the vessel was chartered, have also some reason to complain of their luck. The fact that the cargo was fully insured will only be a partial consolation to many of the consignees. Nothing will fully compensate for the loss of goods ordered to meet just a definite demand. In our little community it would never be profitable to import large stocks, on the speculative chance of the market being able to absorb them. As a rule no more is indented than is needed for the time. Those who suffer thus would be more than mamon if they did not visit some part of the blame on the ship. As for the Shipping Association, though of course it is self obvious that no blame is due to them, still the disap- pointment caused by the wreck of the Mira Flores must react to their disad- vantage. All companies, however, must take their chance of such accidents, and it is always in their own power easily to recover in a short time any ground they may at first lose, by them. 