EXTENSIVE BUSH FIRES. Dining the past two days very large bush fires have been observed iu the north-east. Of course fires of this kind are to be expected during hot seasons like the present, but the tires muler notice are of more than ordinary magnitude, and have beeu attended vith disastrous results. One of them started in Mr Thomas Kobc-rtson's paddock, on the Campaspe, on Sunday, and during the night crossed the read dividing Robertson's property from that of the late Mr Joseph Bell. As in Robertson's paddock, the grass ami valuable timber speedily fell victims to the flames, and the people in neighboring holdings took active measures for their own protection. The (ire continued to rago. during Monday. Yesterday tiie fires were aided by a very strong northerly wind, and assumed large proportions, doiug great damage. Our Barnedown correspondent, writing yester day at 130 p.m., states:—"Two very large bush tires are raging close to here, one within a mile, at Mr Coughlan's farm; the other has come from Kamarooka, and is now about two miles from (ioornoug. The wind is high, and driving them on at a ver}- fast rate. All the men about luve turned out to assist in stopping the spread of the lire." Last night Sandhurst was enveloped iu smoke for a considerable time, and only when a strong anil encl southerly wind had been blowing for abjut aji hour did the atmosphere return to its usual condition. The same thick smoke was experienced at 5'aglehawk, and along the road k-adinnr to the city, and it was presumed that it came from the fire at the Whipstiok which has been burning for some days past. Later intel ligence however, was to the effect that an extensive tire was raging at Mount Macedon, the smoke was no doubt brought from that direction by the southerly wind. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (OtOM ODR UOOH.VOXG COKRIMI'ONHKNT.) Tuesday, 5th January. •4 serious fire broke out on Air. 'J-'. itoDeru1 i sou's property on Sunday, doing a cou sijleraUe amount of damage, and also to the ^ijoiuinfr paddo.cks ,of the late Mr. Joseph '*"• Notwithstanding the untiring efforts ?l Constable Arnall and the neighbouring Winers yesterday it broke out again, and M-day it cleared" about 100 acres of grass Wonting to Mr J. Nicholas, of Barnedown, burning everything belonging to Mr 1'. •-oiigliiai). About 100 bag3 of wheat, hay •n<l straw stacks, sheds and stables were con fined. The dwelling house had a very narrow c~ape. Had it not been for the promptness of of the neighbors it would have shared the fate. The ciiise of the fire is unknown, 'c's suppos.ed to be duo to the carelessness >ome parties fishing on Sunday. (FBOJI ODB CASILEM.UNE OOilRESrONIJKXT.) T Tuesday, 5 th January, wge bushfires are raging in the neighbor ooa of Mount Franklin, and also on the ranges Cveen Kyneton and Woodend. An immense arei thickI\\- timbered is under fire, and fears e]'t>-'rtaincd that the homesteads can only be with diiBculty. The southerly winds rougiit up dense volumes of smoke enveloping as with a dense fog, and at one -1'i.e it v-23 diincult to see a hundred yards Jiead. " • ' - ^sdSons*Eucalypti Extract—Caution, "pin tho interest of the public we beg to drawatt©*? t:0Q a case in which, as per statutory dechita' ,I?u£h the administering of a concoction c J;s. Refined Eucalyptus Extract" severe BC-uiJy ^nenng was inflicted. With reference to the «tne article use is made of certificates coming S-k^ lnc°D1P2tcnt parties, such a3 lecturers of Klines, judges at agriculturalshows; a certainly taken to no other end or pur onlv Z1 to attract the trusting and unwary. The ,e^uard against injury is to insist upon fcfri? Sander and Sonb' rure Volatile Euy jfeQ gole geQiu^ pro^ic^'^^^ 