TUESDAY, MAY 25. MORE EXPENSE. 'nXPERIENCE, it is truly said, is Jjj an expensive school in which even fools are taught 'wisdom ; and the experience of Sunday last is sufficieut to direct the attention of the authorities to a new source of danger to the pnblic. It was ouly last Sunday morning that a young man very nearly lost his life through a telegraph ^ole falling upon him, but ?what then happened to him might at any time befall any other member of the community. The fact is that the post in question was quite rotten at the ground level, and in reality it was kept in its position only by the support afforded it by the wires, .whereas its duty, was to support them. But the instance mentioned serves only to illustrate the general condition of things on our long established inland telegrapk lines How many years the telegraph poles have stood on the Perth-Albany line we are not quite sure, but that they Lave been there too long a time is incontrovertible. Lately this has forced itself upon the immediate attention of the authorities, aud they decided to ('what they term) 'repole' the Hue. But this expres sion may prove somewhat misleading to the general pnl»lic, inasmuch as it does not mean that new poles aro to substituted for the decayed old ones, but only that so many new poles shall be erected as will prove suffi cient to keep the weight of the wires from dragging the old ones to the ground. The result of this ingenious ly foolish arrangement must bo a source of endless expense to the country; for, as the new poles will gradually fall victims to natural decay, the old ones will of necessity require to he removed, or else tbey will save the Government the expense of doing so by simply tumbling down. Hence, if the present system be carried on, there will for the futuro be a regular recurring source of expense, owing to a staff of men having to be constant ly employed in renewing the worn out telegraph poles. All this trouble and expeuso might easily be obviated by a judicious expenditure at the present. It would be far better in every way if the Government decided that every new pole that has to be erected on ouv existing telegraph lines should bo of iron. No doubt iron poles would bo more expensive in the first instance than jarrah saplings, but then they would bo practicaTly indestructible, the first cost would be tho least in the end. When the South Australian Government ran the ' sil ver thread'' across the Australian continent, they used timber poles on tho ground of economy. Soon, how ever, they found that they had adopt ed the most expensive course of proced ure. Natural decay-, white-ant.*, bush fires, and the mischievous interference of the natives soon combined to com pel the Government to begin the work of repoling the transcontinental line. Wisdom is gained from experience, and experience taught the South Australian Government that iron poles vv-ere in reality far cheaper than wooden ones, and tbey therefore judi ciously decided to replace every proved useless timber pole with an iron one. In so doing they have arranged for tho permanent stability of their grand transcontinental, telegraph line, .and from their example our Government might well condescend to take a lesson. Instead, therefore, of replacing decay ed timber telegraph poles with others of like perishable material, it would be far better, aud in the and much cheaper, to substitute iron poles in their stead. There is no reason why the Govern ment should indent such poles from England. We have in Perth manu facturing firms wi-:o can supply them on the spot at far less cost. The adop tion of the suggestion, wo have made would save the public revenue from being burdened in the future with more expense. - 