THE SHADOW OF COMING EVENTS, It generally happens that there is a lull In great events, all the world, over, for some' weeks after the Christmas holidays, unless, indeed, we happen to be actually engaged in soma important war. Nations, like individuals, are for this brief period resting upon their oars, so to speak, and future events are only in the bud. Aftey. the pause, however, they open out suddenly enough, like the first growth of an early spring. It seems that we are to have a plentiful crop of startling ileum this ear, which are already blossoming. And,';aithongh there are as yet no rumors of any fresh European or Eastern compli cations, the unexpected downfall of the Salisbury Government, in England, makes, anything possible in those direc tions'. Of course in was pretty well known that if any serious attack upon the Conservative Government were attempted , its fate would depend upon the Irish vote in the House of Com- \- mons; but it' was by no means certain With which party Mr Parnell would elect to cast his lot. He left his decision in flonbif up to the last moment, and perhaps was really in some doubt himself. We are told, however, that on Tuesday last, the 26th January, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach gave notice that on- the following Thursday he would ask that precedence be -given to a bill empowering . .-' the Government, to suppress the Irish National League, andto preventterrorism. This,-although he endeavored- to - soften $he announcement by promising at the ..If'." . , u , V" ' ,! ' h'7.sj £Xi t'.-vi. X vcvs.iifsv i-Wji ' -r. same time the early introduction of a Land Purchase Bill, was a declaration of war to the knife with the Parnellites, and doubtless precipitated the Irish phalanx into the arms of the Radical party. We use the word " Radical in this case advisedly; because the| amendment on the address was moved by an extreme Radical, Mr Jesse Col- likgs, member for Ipswich, _ and because, also, some of the most prominent Liberals voted with the Government against the amendment. AmoDgst these we have only to mention Lord HaRting- ton himself, Mr Gosohen, Sir Henry James (Mr Gladstone's Attorney- General), Sir John Lubbock, Messrs Leonard, Courtney and others. Sir Gladstone spoke and voted for the amendment, which was in the shape of a proposition for granting allotments of land to agricultural laborers, and ren dering it compulsory on landowners to sell land for that purpose. It will be observed that the amendment was car ried in a more than ordinarily fall house by 329 votes against 250, being a majority of 79, or almost exactly tho number of members who religiously obey the tactics and commands of Mr Par nell. It is difficult to say, under the circumstances, whom Lord Salisbury will advise tho Queen to send for— certainly not Mr Collings, who was merely " put up" for the occasion, and is in no sense a leader — probably either Mr Gladstone or Mr Chamberlain, in the first place, although it is doubtful whether either of these gentlemen would undertake tho formation of a Govern ment at the present moment, ft is more than likely that neither the Conserva tives nor the Liberals who voted with them against the amendment, do not so much object to tho proposition whieh it contains, as to tho principle of land confiscation which it involves. It was probably regarded as the thin edge of a wedge for the future introduc tion of the theoretical land sy3tem advocated, if not invented, by Mr Henry George, and which at one time found favor with politicians hero of the Berry and Longmoue type. In our humble opinion, it will take soma time before a s'able Government can be formed in England, and the Parnell'tos will cevtaiuly make ih9 most of a difficulty, which they, of course, regard as an oppor tunity . Abroad, Russia would welcome a Liberal government in England with favor ; while Germany would look upon it with hatred and contempt. Nor can the colonies view the situation with in difference ; for was it not a Liberal Minister who lost New Guinea to Australia, and a Liberal Premier who plunged the nation into a tardy and inglorious war, which at one time threatened our communications with the mother country? But, speaking of Australia, event are developing them selves hero also, the results of which aro still in the dim and obscure future. The Federal Council, representing five Australasian colonics, is now engaged in its first sitting in Tasmania. Wo need not say what weighty consequences hang upon the wisdom and moderation of its deliberations. We think we may safely reckon upon Soutli Australia joining the federation ; but it is of the first im portance that New South Wales, which at present regards the union with cold ness, if not with distrust, should he brought into the new dominion. Until such is accomplished the union will be incomplete and imperfect. Even more, her continuing to hold aloof would prove a source of endless trouble and unfore seen difficulties. We may, however, hope that the proceedings of the Council at Hobart will have the effect of dis pelling one illusion under whieh a large section of the Press and people of the elder colony seem to labor, namely, that federation is the result of a conspiracy among some of the colonies to rob single colonies of their legislative independence, and therefore of their political exis tence. Such an idea would appear incredible, if experience had not taught cs the depths of human suspicion and boundlessness of human credulity. We have no donbt that we are en the eve of a United Anstratia. Then again, the curtain is just rising upon another great drama, which is to be enacted in the Pacific. Tho exploration of New Guinea has fairly set in. We are now engrossed between the wonders which have been disclosed to us of this strange land and the mystery which still envelopes it. There is one thing, and one thing ODly, which will speedily dispel the clouds which still hide the interior of this almost mythic country, and that is ths discovery of go'd. That gold exists there is almost certain, and English- speaking people are again destined to effect a mighty conquest wilh implements of in dustry, instead of with the weaponsof war. Nearer home, that is to say in Victoria it self, we are in the midst of a grout political movement, probably on th9 brink of great political changes. For tbe first time in our history we are, practically speaking, without a Govern ment, as the Service Ministry cannot be said to have a real existence, and no other has yet been formed to take its place. We, however, hold to the opinion that nnless the native vote, which, for tbe first time, will be a powerful ele ment at the next election, completely alters the personnel mf the Assembly, a Government might bo formed out of the fragments of parties which have ceased to exist as such, not in the shape of a coalition, but as being representative of an entirely new idea, namely, that of a party and a Government which- will-be basad on the avoidance of all questions which for the present are at rest, and the pursuance of measures . only which are at the same time useful, progressive and practicable.- We think that such a Government is possible, until new issues arise.. : v ' The Weather. — During the past- few- days the weather in: Beechworth has-been delightful, for this time of the year, the finelfall of. rain on Tuesday having had the effect of lessening the temperature' by several degrees.-; On Friday afternoon and night-there were further showers,' th'ose at niglit being .accompanied, by- a storm- of thunder and lightning. >- Irtistic.— It lis elsewhere notified- that the Misses Price's art classes at the Beech- worth Library have been re-opened'-after. theiChristmas vacation. t .. _ . The Heytesbury Forest Sufferers.- — A preliminary meeting, conveued by the president of the nriitod shire (Mr John Fletcher), end presided over by that gentleman, having for its object the in itiation of a movement in this district for the relief of the sufferers by the recent bush-fires in the Heytesbury Forest, was heldin the Council Chambers, Beechworth, on Thursday afternoon. Tho proceedings are elsewhere reported. A committee was formed, to meet the members of the United Shire Council at noon on Thursday next, and co- operate with them in de ciding upon the best course of action to pursue in the matter. The Wallace Bethaxga Mining Smelt. ing Company. — The Central Board, of Health at a meeting held on Friday last insisted upon the guarantee from this com pany, that they would within six months abate the nuisance caused by the dis tribution of noxious fumes in their ex periments upon ore3, being given in tbe interests of the health of the residents. Mining Meeting. — The half-yearly general meeting of shareholders of the Cornish United Company, Bright, was held at the office, 82 Bourke-street west, Melbourne, on January 27, Mr T. Y. Anderson (chairman of the board) presid ing. There was a fair attendance. The reports and balance-sheet, as placed before the shareholders, were taken and read, and, after slight discussion, adopted, the prospects of the company being looked upon as good, and the financial position a sound one. Tho retiring directors and auditors were unanimously re-elected, and the meeting then closed. Lecture. — " The Farming Interest and Local Government" will form the subjects of a leciuro to be delivered by Mr F. Ryley in the Theatre Royal, Wangaratla, this (Saturday) evening. Albuky Police Court. — On Monday, before Messrs Dnlhunty, Edmondson and McLennan, J.P.'s, John Lynch, was com mitted for trial on a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm on the person of his wife, Margaret Lynch. Delia Thompson was similiarly dealt with for haviag, as alleged, stolen a purse containing money uud valuable securities from Frank Barby. The Yackandandah Railway. — a meeting of the Yackandandah Railway League was held in the local court-house Oil Thursday, immediately after the shire council meeting. In tho absence of tho president, Mr S. P. Jessop was unani mously elected chairman. He fully ex plained the object of the meeting, and urged on ali the members the necessity of working, aud of keeping the proposed line prominently before the eyes of the Railway Commissioners. The names of the follow ing gentlemen were added to tho com mittee : — Messrs Cole, Entra, Rome, C. Ha'tersley, S. George, Jordan aud Ram say, with power to add to tlieir number. It was resolved that the committee meet on ' the first Friday of each mouth, at 8 o'clock in the afternoon, and it was also resolved to ask the shire council for the use of the i hall, to hold the meetings 111 ; the first 1 meeting to take place that day week. The Inteecoloni.vl Cricket Match. — The match between teams representing Yictoria and New South Wales, played in Sydney, was concluded on Thursday, and resulted in a victor' for the latter colony by 150 runs. The scores were : — New South Wales — First innings, 215 ; second innings, 232. Yictoria — First innings, 187 ; second innings, 110. The previous intercolonial match this season, played in Melbourne, was won by Yictoria by an in nings and 09 runs. Departure of the Mail. — The P. and O. Company's It. M.S. Yaletta sailed for London on Thursday. Salvationists in Trouble. — Three officers of the Salvation Army, including Captain Maddigan, formerly of Beech- wol'tll, were fined 10s each at the Prahran Police Court on Thursday for marching without permission. Defendants refused to pay tho fines, and distress warrants were ordered to issue. A Novel Invention. — The prospectus of the Steerable Air Navigating Company has been received by us. The company, which is to consist of 150 shareholders- of £5 each, has been ft-rm-d t-.r the purpose of erecting the apparatus of a "steerable air navigator," invented by Mr Oscar Zimmcrmann, a former resident of Beech- worth, and its principal objects, according to the prospectus, are " to erect aud test the apparatus, and to exhibit it in public gardens and theatres, aud use it for the distribution of advertisements." After the apparatus has been exhibited in all principal places in the Australian colonies the patent will be sold. Sale of Estate.— Tho Land Exchange and Agency Company Limited, the Ex change, Melbourne, report having sold for the 13on. Thomas Henty, M.L.C. (conjointly with McEvoy and Co.) the Pakenliam Park Estate in subdivisions by public auction. This property, which comprises 4000 acres of agricultural and grazing land and good garden soil, is situated between Dandenong and Warra- gul, and the Gippsland Railway traverses the estate. The property, a3 a whole, was in the market prior to the sub- divisional sale, at £8 per acre, with&ut; finding a buyer. Tu subdivisions it has realised for the vendor from £11 to £12 per acre all round. The allotments, varying from half-au-acre to 300 acres in extent, were briskly competed for by a large company of dairymen, fruiL-growers, agriculturists and the general public. Town and subur ban allotments sold from £12 to £05 per acre ; farm lauds from £5 to £1S los per acre. The sale was an unqualified success. Mining Meji. — Messrs Rankin and Co. on Thursday crushed at the Rose Mill, Beechworth, a parcel of 11 tons of stone from their reef at the Six Mile, for a yield of 4ozs odwts of gold. The reef is im proving as it is being opened out, and the next crushing is expected to give even a better return than the last, which was the result of two men's work for five weeks. Early Closing of Shops. — Prepara- tious are, the Argus states, being made to provide the means for the enforcement of ; the provisions of the Factories and Shops Act relating to the early closing of shops. The 49th section of the act pro vides that if any shop is not kept open in conformity with the law, the owner shall be -liable to pay a- penalty not exceeding £10, and to a ' further penalty of £1 fcr every day during which his establishment is improperly kept open after the delivery by_the inspector of notice that the- law is being infringed. -The two or-more justices before whom , proceedings are to be"taken against a shopkeeper may, in addition to inflicting ..a..fine, order to,; be adopted- any means required; to bring the shop into con formity with. .the act. The duty, of seein« that the"act:is complied with will rest upon the chief inspector and a number of subor dinate inspecting, officers. . 'Steps are now being,:- taken., to appoint., a chief inspector, whoso first'step will be to assist framim' regulationsfortheapprovaTof the'GoyeTnb! in . Council; sotting; out'amongst " other things ..-tile 'duties' 'ofhis' subordinates.' These officers will hid appointed before the' act co'mes, into operation en;March;;l,-Rnd the law will be" strictly enforced after that date', r- r V-' G Thrown- froji a ; Horse.— On Tuesday last a lad named James Butterworth, who resides at Barwidgee, sustained" a com pound fracture of his arm, which was broken in two distinct places, the bone bsing forced through the skin, through being thrown from a horse. The 'young fellow was conveyed to the Ovens District Hospital, where his injuries were attended to, and i10 is doing well. . CHtntcn of England. — We have been asked to correct a statement which ap peared in our Thursday's issue, to the effect that Mr Brooke would conduct services and preach in Stanley, Hurdle Flat, Wooragee, &c.;, on certain dates named. No definite plans have yet been made. The announcement was premature. The annual meeting of the parishioners of Christ Church, Beechworth, was' to have been held on Friday evening ; but it did not take place, as, owing to the inclemency of the weather no doubt, only a few ladies and gentlemen attended, and it was deemed advisable to adjourn till Monday evening next, at S o'clock, which was accordingly done. Sale of Oattle. — Messrs Ryan and Hammond report having held two very suc- cessful sales of store cattle at Wodonga on the 15th aud 25th insts., at which there was a very large attendance of buyers from the surrounding district, and also from the North-Western District, when they sold on account of Mr H. B. Hughes from his Nockalnnga Station, 627 bullocks, at from £4 for the culls to £6 lis for the tops, and 113 cows at £5 all round ; also in con junction with Messrs Griffiths and Weaver, of Sydney, on account of Mr Win. Kil- gour, from his Snrbiton Station, 701 bul locks, at from £4 10s for the culls to £5 lis for tops, the mob averaging £5 os ; also the whole of the travelling plant of the Surbiton cattle, including' 22 horses, which, after a thirty- three weeks' trip, averaged £G. River Guagings. — Mr Stuart Murray, the secretary to the Royal Commission on Water Supply, has prepared a memoran dum showing the results of the guagings which have been conducted 011 the Mitia | River at Tallangatta, and on the Kiowa River at- Iviewa. These rivers have been gv.aged in the same way as the G-oulburn and Loddon, the method being fully ex plained in tho memorandum, copies uf which we have received. In the case of the Mitta, the drainage area of the river basin is 1990 square miles, aud the rainfall for the last year was 30-75in. The flow of the river was greatest in the month of September, when the mean discharge per 24 hours was 2,241,090,000 gallons, and the lowest discharge, 222,075,000 gallons per 24 hours, was registered in December. The drainage of the Kiewa River is 434 square miles, and the rainfall for last year was also 30"75iu, The greatest mean dis charge was registered iu September, when it reached 772,3S9,000 gallons per 24 hours and the lowest discharge recorded was in December, when it amounted to 154,701,000 gallons per 24 hours. The Mitta was guaged for the last five months, and the Kiewa for the last six months, of the your. The staff for the Mitla River is attached to the down-stream face of one of the piers of the bridge near Tallangatta ; that for the Kiewa to one of the bridge piers at the crossing near the Lagoon Hotel. Wakgunyah. — Our correspondent writes : — On Tuesday night last Mr G. H. Brown met with a very unpleasant acci dent. He was returning home from Corowa 011 horseback, when the animal he was riding stumbled and fell over, throw ing Mr Brown and breaking his collar- bone. Dr Loughrey was called in, and, though confined to the house, Mr Brown is pro gressing favorably. A very delightful fall of rain fell 011 Tuesday, cooling the air, and giving us a short respite from the in tense hear. Large quan tities of grapes and friut have been forwarded to Melbourne by Messrs G. S. Smith, C. Reau, Webster, and Griinmond. The season is said to be a good one. On Tuesday last Mr H. 5. Parfitt paid a visit to Wahgunyah, on an electioneering tour, and called on a few friends. Ho was well received. From his long residence in the district there can not be the least doubt about liia receiving a strong support in this part. He will be a useful and energetic representative, and is well acquainted with the require ments of the electorate. It is too early to say which of the gentlemen will be our representatives. We must hear them be fore we decide ; but it is considered that Mr Parfitt should be one of them. Youthful Thieves.— A night or two ago two boys were seen to enter the garden attached lo the house, at the . intersection of Church and Last-streets, formerly occupied by Miss Skeete, who recently died in Melbourne ; the object of their visit being to steal five hives of bees, which they deliberately removed to the home of one of their parents. The names of the young rascals are known, and it is likely that police court proceedings will be taken against them unless the hives are at once restored to their rightful owner. It is to be hoped, for the sake of the boys' morals in the future, that. their mothers did not address them as did Jack Shep- pard's maternal parent when he returned home with a number of stolen apples ; hia misconduct meeting with her approval and \- encouragement, which was expressed in the remark, " Good boy ; go and steal some more." The Watchman. — On Monday next Mr James Cross will resume duty as watchman in the town of Beechworth. During the many years lis previously acted in the same capacity he gave every satisfaction, being noted for vigilance and careful attention, and it is to be hoped that the townspeople, who will be glad to hear of him being again "on the beat," will recognise his services in a proper manner. The Mining Board Election. — We notice that Mr John Rowley, the retiring member of the mining board for the Mitta Mitta division of the Beechworth mining district, will,, on seeking re-election, be opposed by Mr John Colbert, of Bethanga. Four candidates have announced them selves for the vacancy in , the representa- . tion of the Beechworth division — Messrs L. Murphy (the retiring member), J. Lang, W. Canfield and Samuel Wright. In the Buckland division Mr Traulsen will be opposed by Mr Hearn. Albury Mechanics' Institute. — The annual meeting of subscribers to tho Albury Mechanics' Institute was held last Monday evening. Dr' Andrews oc cupied the chair. The annual report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. I Du Andrews, was -re- elected; president, -Mr Abercrombie. : vice-president, Mr Paine treasurer, Mr Simmons secretary; and the following members of; committee, viz : ; Messrs J. H. Turner, G. Rhynehart, J. Wilkinson, G.-' TKorold, and W. Frew. Snakes.— Throughout the week snakes have literally, been swarming in and about -Tallangatta, and one or two narrow escapes from being bitten are on record, states the locaTpaper." " A""very large "carpet: snake,' measuring upwards of i7ft 9inr,-w'as. killed by"'Mr "J. .rHorton; near George's- Creek," abnut a'mUe past-Lightbound's mill.'.. The skin r- r has ..been y. . stretched;- 1 and > ; when thoroughly, dried will be converted'into a 1 v. 7. i I'4vvvL- ...: s - The North'Ovens Shire Council.— The .'abo ve couiicil have called fer. : tenders for, the prin tihg andYad vertising " required during the current year. The work- has of late years been carried out at rates which were far from being remunerative to the tenderer ; and wo now understand that: at the next meeting of the council, when the matter will be brought up, a, tender will be'submitted that will bo fairer alike to the council and the district, printers than formerly. ' . Beechworth Stock and Share Mar ket. — Mr -A. W. Foster reports for the week ending the 29th January Banks- Commercial — buyers, £8 4s ; sellers, £8 03; Federal — buyers, 62s 3d ; sellers, C4s ; sales, 62s 6d. City of Melbourne— buyers, 94s ; sellers, 97s 6d. Australian Freehold — buyers, 503 ; seffers, 51s. National of Australasia — buyers, £10 Is ; sellers, £10 2s 6d. Insurance Com panies : National — buyers, lis ; sel lers, 113 6cl ; sales, lis 6d. Colonial Mu tual Fire — buyers, 3s 9d ; sellers, 4s 3d. United Australian — buyers, Is 9d ; sellers, 2s ; sales, 13 lOd. Southern — buyers, 22s 6d ; sellei-3, 243 Gd. Indemnity— buyers, 17s fid : sellers. 183. Mines : Rocky Moun- tain — buyers, Gs Sd ; sellers, 83. Miscella neous : Monte Piete— buyers, 10s ; sellers, lis Gd. Beechworth Gas Co. (Preferen tial) — buyers, £4 5s ; - sellers, £4 I03. Stanley Hall Co. — sellers, 10s., Yackan dandah Hall Co. — sellers, 50s. Mutual Store — buyers. 543; sellers, 003; sales, 53:. Coffee Tavern — buyer3, 263 6d ; sellers, 27s. McCulloch Carrying Co. — buyers, 37s ; sellers, 39a. Permewan — buyers, 203 ; sel lers. 26s fid. Action fop. Damages. — The ." Age" understands that Mr Murray Ross 13 about to commence proceedings against Mr J. B. Patterson, M.L.A., on account of the dis.- paraging references to the Rosstown rail way "made by Mr Patterson in hi3 speech at Castlemai'ue. The damages are laid at £10,000. Evangelistic Mission. — We remind our readers of the evangelistic services adver tised ill another column, to be conducted during the next fortnight in the Wesleyan Church, Beechworth, by the Rev. W. R. Cunningham, general missionary. Mr Cunningham will preach to-merrow (Sun day), morninsr and evening, at the usual hours. The Rev. j. de Q. Robin, M.A., a former minister of the Beechworth church, writes: "Mr Cunningham will bo liked very much ; ho will be a general favorite ; he has a most pleasing address, and has been greatly blessed at Ballarat and other places." We anticipate good congregations at all the services. The evangelistic choir, organised for the pur pose of assisting, will doubtless add to the interest of the occasion. Serious Offences. — Frederick Gaul, who was summoned to appear to answer a charge of larceny as a bailee on the 23rd inst., and who failed to attend, was brought up at the Omeo Police Court on Wednesday, having been arrested by Senior-constable Mullane, after a hard day's chase, at Cobungra, 30 miles from Omeo. Two other charges aro pev.ding against the prisoner, one of forging the name of Mr Edwin Desailly, of Bairns- dale, to a bill of exchange for £24 10s gd, payable at the Bank of Yictoria, Bairns- dale, and the other of embezzling money from the estate of George Condon, butcher, Omeo.- A remand for eight days was granted in each case. Revision Court. — Acourtfortho purpose of revising the general lists for the Mitta Mitta and Towongdivisions of tho electoral district of Benamhra, and for the Towong division of the Eastern Province, was hel-4 on Monday at Bethanga, before Messrs Ellis and Street, J.P.'s. The lists were pp.53ed as correct, there being no objec tions lodged. Municipal Election. — The following candidates have been nominated for the three vacant seats in the Albury Borough Council :— Messrs T. H. Griffith, J. M'Donald, T. H. Mate, J. Wilkinson, W. B. Wilson, E. Scanlan, W. N. Edmond son and S. Headlev. For auditors, Messrs A. A. Jones, W: Conley and J. P. Burges3 1 have been nominated. An Over- supply of Fruit. — The glut of apples in. the Yictoria Market, Mel bourne, on W ednesday clearly shows thai the market gardeners will have to look fo r other uses to which they can put their surplus cases of this fruit, remarks the "Herald." There are various uses to which the apples can be profitably put. For example, there is the manufacture of cider, which driuk, although not at present a popular one, might be made so. Again, they might be exported to Queens land, where they realise good prices. Errous In Diet. — The last number of the "Family Physician," a. popular medi cal London journal, says that tile chief cause of that common epidemic, diarrhoea, is error in diet. It may be the result of over-eating and drinking, or of taking some particular article of food which has disagreed with the stomach, and set up an irritation. People after a large dinner not unusually suffer from diarrhoea. It is as usually attributed to the salmon or oyster sauce, or io some perfectly innocent article; whereas iu reality it is due. to the .mix turo of the various kiada of food and drink, and more especially r to ' the actual quantify taken. The. stomach and bowels not— un naturally rebel when made the receptacle of such a heterogeneous collection of sub stances. There are certain articles of diet, however, which undoubtedly have a strong tendency to provoke diarrhoea, and amongst these comparatively indigestible substunceswe may enumerate unripe fruit, raw vegetables, pork sausages, veal, etc. Shell-fish, such as lobsters, crab and mus sels, are apt to act as irritants. Bad cook ing also causes diarrhoea, and it is apt to lead to.cholera. The Coburg Tragedy. — The funeral of the little girl Ethel May Hampton, who was killed by her mother and sister, on Tuesday, at their residence in Coburg, took place on Wednesday afternoon. About 5 p.m. the same day, the- . eldest son in the family, Charles Hampton, showed decided signs of insanity. He refused to partake of his tea, on the ground that it had been drugged. He continued to- get worse until half- past 11 o'clock, when ho became very, much excited. The attention of Dr Elliott, who was in attend ance upon the three daughters, was directed to the young man, and he gave instructions to Sergeant Bass to take him to the lock-up for safety. Upon the police attempting to take him a struggle ensued, and the assistance of seven or. eight .men had - to be procured before he could be looked up. Friday's "Argus" says The condition of the insane members of the unfortunate Hampton family remains unaltered. It seems very probable that Annie, the eldest daughter, will lose lier life rhrough the injuries she has received. -Tlie other: sisters, Eleanor and Mary, converse very rationally, but seem obli vious of tho dreadful act which - they witnessed—perhaps participated " in--on Tuesday morning. Charles, the : insane' brother, was remanded by Mr- Wm: Aaketell, J. P., for medical treatment, - and was taken to the Melbourne Gaol Hospital!. He, liko his mother; refused ..tpjcaf oc drink anything, for,- fear that: the victuals 'were drugged. -v.. — i - _ -at... - i C ; ' ' -. Death- of the Ret. James Mirajis.: — Tho " Rev. J ames Mirams, father of Mr Jak Mirams;— Fne-'M— the-representatives': for, CollingwQod; in :the Legislative As sembly, died: at South Melbourne on Wednesday, at tho age of 7S:years. . Business Change. — We have been requested by Mr B, Dawborn to call attention to tho facts that to-day is his last day in--' business vas-A'draper" in Ford- street; Beechworth, and that the estab lishment will be closed off Monday, 1st pros/, to be re-opened by MessrsNortheast and Co. the- following day. , England and Greece.— 'As the Greek inhabitants of Crete are displaying a ,dis-r position to resist compliance with ;the directions of the Great- Powers, ai-icLaro not amenable to peaceful representations, the British Mediterranean fleet, under Admiral Lord Joka Hay, : lias, . we: learn from Friday evening's- " Herald," been ordered to nroceed to the island. Probably it is considerrd that this display will be sufficient to awe the malcontents into sub- mission. A Good Idea.— Here is a useful inven tion. Says London "Field" : "If a man wants a carriage or any implement photographed, so as to make a working copy to scale, all that is necessary is, when tho photograph is being taken, that a clear and distiuct three-foot rule be placed in tho carriage. This is photographed along with the carriage, and no matter what the size of the print, or negative, it will always be a true scale. It enlarges or. diminishes, in exactly the same proportion as the carriages." The Ovens Election. — The long list of candidates for the representation or tne Ovens in Parliament has been increased by the addition of Mr William M'Cormaclr, farmer, of Brookside, Buckland, who " makes his first bow" to the electors, through the medium of our advertising columns, to-day. Mr McCormick is well known in the Bright District, and is a member of the Bright Shire Council. That Heathen Chinee. — An amusing instance of Chinese cunning is related by the "Telegraph" to have taken place in connection with the landing of some of their number from the steamer Afghan, on Tuesday. A Customs officer detected a Chinaman walking ashore with a bnudle of Kffibrellas under his arm, which he at once impounded, pending the payment of half-a-crown duty upon each. His action was quickly observed by other Chinese with similar loads ; but quick as thought they handed, the umbrellas around to their friends, who mildly filed pa3t tlie officer, each gravely carrying a brand new um brella. The officer, however, saw through the little trick, and as each smiling Celes tial came up, relieved him of his "ging ham." An interesting collection of um brellas is now in the bauds of the Customs Department, in bond. Sudden Death of a Young Lady. — About half-past 7 o'clock on Wednesday evening a young lady named Jane Dam- bleton, residing in Gray- strset, Yarraville, while walking from the Footscray railway- station towards the Royal Hall, to witness a dramatic performance, suddenly fell down by the side of her brother, and a copious flow of blood ot once issued from the month. Before a medical man arrived the young lsdy had expired. The cause of death was ascribed to the bursting of a blood vessel, owing to chronic disease of tho heart. The Political Crisis in England. — Nothing more definite is known up to the present as to the crisis in England. Her Majesty the Queen is at present at Os borne, Isle of Wright, and sho has sum moned the Marquis of Salisbury to attend her there. In all probability, remarks tho " Herald," the Queen will discuss with the Prime Minister tho most desirable step to be taken in the present position of affairs, aud will accept Hia Lordship's advice as to whom sho shall send for to entrust with the formation of a new minis try. A Bank Fuaud. — James Johnston was brought up at the Central Criminal Court, Sydney, on Friday, charged with having obtained £213 7s from the branch bank of Australasia, in Collingwood, by means of false pretences. The accused was re manded till Wednesday next. New Fire Escape. — What seems to bo a useful machine for affording a means of escape, independent of outside aid, from the window of a house whose lower parts are enveloped in flames, has been patented in London. The appliance — which is in tended to be stowed beneath the dressing- table that usually stands before tho window of a bedroom — consists oE a vessel or bag capable of holding several persons, a stout iron frame- work, partially covered with a stretch of canvas aud an apparatus for paying out and receiving in two stout ropes. This apparatus is fixed inside the room just below the window-sill, and cousists of an axle having at one extremity a winch-handle, and carrying two rape- reels controlled by a powerful hand- brake. Upon a fire occurring, the dressing-table is removed ; the irou framework is turned upon its hinges through the open window, so as to lie at right angles to tho wall of tho building ; and the bag — to either side of which the ropes are attached — is hoisted through the sash aud dropped through the projecting iron frame, immediately before the stretch of canvas. Thus the apparatus is in readiness for use; and we are told (says'"" Chambers's ' Journal") "that the operations up to this point need not have occupied eight seconds. The individual who has constituted himself or herself the operator now assists the escaping persons on to tlie canvas platform aud into ihe pendent bag. No difficulty is encountered here, young children, aged persons, and invalids being able to eater the vessel with readiness. The first .contingent in, the operator manipulates tlie brake and lowers the bag to the ground ; raising it again, when it has discharged its occupants, by means of the winch-handle. If there still remain any persons in the burning house besides the operator, he again proceeds to lower in tho manner described. After wards he ha9 to busy himself with liis own safety, for effecting which special facilities are afforded. He has done with the gear previously manipulated, and now turns his attention to two independent rope3, coiled. 0:1 rools.in the bag itself. Tho ends he hooks- on to the iron frame work, .immediately afterwards entering the bag and lowering himself to the ground by means of a small brake attached to the reels. We are assured that-even young children of either sex can bo readily in-, structed to use tho apparatus with ease and perfect safety. Bishop Crane. — The Right Rev. Dr Martin Craue, Roman Catholic Bishop of Sandhurst, who has been: detained in Europe during the past three years, in consequence of an' attack of blindness, is expectedlo return to his diocese by the Orient R.M.S. Austral, which is due to arrive in Melbourne on February 15 Death on- the Mitta . Mitta. —The Upper Murray "Herald" records "tho death of Mr Patrick Kearney, son of Mr Jas. Kearney, an old "and respected resi dent of 'Bay Creek, -Tallangatta. .H'he sad event was - totally unexpected, and great sympathy. ;is - expressed for his ; bereaved parents.- Therfdeceasedwas ;. highly es teemed' -throughout'!" the ' district;.and his untimely -end liascauBcd-exceeding-sorrow to a large circle ,of friends. AThe Rocky Mountain Company. — . Th\ Rocky Mountain Extended Gold :SluicingiCompanyls:annuaL:.wash-up"- took; place lhia week. x. The exact quantity will not be known untilHo-day, the gold (which . has been deposited ihi the Bank of Vic toria, Beechworth) liaving yet to ba cleaned ; but the yield\is . estimated at about 350 ozs. The extent of ground , washed off in the claim duimg the past ' year was three-quarters of an scre,; and the - - yield is regarded as being very satisfactory. A ; much larger area would Mye been operated upon but for the scarcity of'" water during the year. V . Mr D. 0. McCarthy O'Leaiiy. -vYt a meeting of Mr D. C. M'Carthy Q'Leaiy'g supporters held at the Broken River Hotel, . Benalla, on Wednesday evening, a very influential committee,- consisting of over sixty electors, was appointed to work in his interest in the approaching Moica election. ' The New Church. — The committee of the Australian Ob.urch, of which the Rev. Ghas. Strong is the Melbourne pastor, : being desirous of keeping the congregation- .'informed of their progress, announce that" the subscriptions promised to the building fund amount to £8600. It having been determined to proceed with the erection of a church on the laud in Flinders-street as soon as £10,000 have been subscribed, - the committee trust that the balance— - £1400 — will be made up within a month. The " Age" understands that competitive designs have been sent in, and are now . under consideration. A Story of an Eccentric Statesman. — Oh. the/ death of a certain senator) his place was filled by a young, man who had more courage than judgment. He determined to do up the " Bald Eagle of the American Congress," aud in his "maiden speech" proceeded to carry out his intention. The House listened amazed, and waited in eager expectation that Randolph would rise, and with his formidable forefinger and withering wit demolish tne young aspirant ror oratorical honors. Randolph of Roanoke kept on writing, making no sign that he even heard the speech. A few days later, however, resolutions wc-re passed on the death of the late Benator. Randolph rose and said that the House had met to eulogise and pass resolutions of respect upon the great senator from , " whose seat, he added, pointing to where his successor sat, "13 still vacant."' This wa3 all the notice he ever took of the young man who had attempted to " do up old Randoloh." Loyalist Demonstration in Ireland. — The city of Armagh, in the province ot Ulster, was 011 the 18th December the point of animmen'seloyalist demonstration. The meeting adapted a' resolution exoresa- ing the belief that a resort to Home Rule principles would be certain, sooner or later, to eventuate in civil war, and exhorting Ihe loyalist party to go to the utmost length m resisting the efforts of -the Home Rule ad vocates. The resolutions also commended the loyalists in Ireland to the sympathy of Protestants throughout tho British King dom. Move than one of the speakers boa3ted, with a degree of earnestness that aroused repeated cheers from the listeners, that the loyalist party in Ireland was ready to meet whatever issue might bo presented. : " The Ulster Orangemen are ready to come to the front," ©no oi the speakers, amidst great applause, said, " and when their services are wanted, 60;000 men caa be readily put into the field for active ser vice is defence of loyalty to the Govern-- uient." King Milan's Coat of Mail.— Whea, Servia first began to ferment, cutrk rumors were heard that King Milan was constantly.. in dread of assassination, and that he had taken to wearing a coat of mail next his royal skin. Whether the king fears assassination or not, it seems to he ner- fectly true that he wears -armor ; fur some interesting particulars thereto regarding have been obtained from the "Vienna firm which manufactured it. The coat of mad s hardly what a Norman warnor woaid have understood by the phrase. Next the body it is of the softest silk. Over thbis a thick, tightly compressed layer ot eider down, upon which again is a layer of wad ding ; the outer surface is of the toughest leather. This armor reaches from the neck to tlie knees, and covers the arm3 as far as the elbows. The cost of Ixin Mi lan's dagger and bullet proof case was £50, which seems to be remarkably cheap. It is no doubt very comfortable wear in winter, but it would be an inconvenient attire for a summer campaign. A " National" Display. — A Killarney correspondent states that some 2000 persons, accompanied by brass bands, as sembled at a sheriff's sale held for the disposal of 24 milch cows, which hail been oeizscl in consequence of a refusal to pay rent without a reduction of 30 per cent, which the tenants had agreed to demand. The cattle were bought by the National League for £149 10s — the ameunt clue, without expenses — aud a procession, headed by a band, was formed. The procession halted outside the estate office, and thero cheered and hooted, whilst the band' played God save Ireland." The cattle, decorated with green ribbons, were finally restored to their owners. A Cylindrical Gaol. — A new gaol of a peculiar construction has just been com pleted at Omaha (United States). It is of iron, aud cylindrical in form, tho cells being arranged around it. The cylinder revolves round its axis in such a manner that only one cell is at the opening at any one time. It is three stories Im/li. there being ten cells on each floor. Its weight is forty-five tons, and this ponderous weight is hung from above, instead of turning on_ a track below. The great cylinder can be turned by a simple crank with little power, a man moving it readily with his hand. It is the intention to have a small water motor in the casement, and then by simply moviug a lever the cylinder will be set rotating. It is sug gested that, when there are prisoners who it is feared, may be trying to cut out the cylinder can, by a motor, be easily kept moving slowly all night, so that prisoners do not reman: long enough iu one piaoe to do any mischief, or even to crawl out if - they had made a partial break. Pri soners would thus have little chance for escape from this new gaol. A cage of iron bars completely surrounds the cy linder iu. whieh the cells are. Tho en trance ; on each floor is guarded by two doors. The officer standing outside doe3 not have to unlock even, the first door,, but can swing the cylinder round until the cell appears 111 which is the desired prisoner, and then, by a simple movement, tlie inner door is opened, and the prisoner can step out of his cell. Then the officer can open the outer door, and let the man out ;. but the other prisoners are beyond , any possible reach of the "officer, and it is impossible for them to break out while he- is taking a man out or putting anether one in.i He-can control any number of men.. in .the same, way, and thoy cannot get within reach of him until he chooses to let'ehem.' " Sale , of Cattle. — Messrs Hearn' and Heach announce their next monthly, stock - salo at Rutherglen to take place on Satur-"' day, 6th February. . - The Rabbits Again. — The " Albury Banner" regrets to learn that traces of rabbits have been discovered near Brock- lesby, between Howlong and Walbundrie ; also on Burrumbuttock and on the bound- dary of Dora Dora. 