Lithgow (Mercury.) LAND OFFICE. — At the Lithgow Land Office on Thursday the following applications for con ditional purahases were received, viz. :— In the county of Westmoreland, Ferdinand Arnold, of Gingkin, 80a. in the parishes of Abercorn and Kowmung ; Charles L. Bourchier, of Shooter's Hill, 180a. in the parish of Kowmung ; Robert Kirk, sen., of Fish River Creek, 60a. in the parish of Bindo ; George Rosewarne, of Lowther, 40a. in the pariah of Lowther. In the county of Roxburgh— Michael Cortis, of Ben Bullen, 212a. 2r. in the parish of Ben Bullen. George Rosewarne also applied for a conditional lease of 120a. LITHGOW POTTERY.— A temporary stoppage of work has beep caused at the Lithgow Valley pottery, owing to the water in the dam having become exhausted, a circumstance partly due to the want of rain, and partly to the fact of the water from this source having been used in the efforts to extinguish the fire in the coal mine. A well on the company's property, though dry, is being sunk deeper in the anti- cipation of obtaining a supply of water to re- sume operations in a few days. Some new brickmaking and pipe-making machinery of more modern design than that hitherto in use has just arrived on the ground, and when erected is expected to afford increased facili- ties for manufacturing the various wares, LITHGOW VALLEY MINE. — The work of extin- guishing the fire has been going on steadily during the week under the supervision of Mr. Campbell, the men working in four shifts of eight in each shift. Their endeavours have been so far successful that they are now enabled to get sufficiently close to the fire to pump water on to it by means of a hand fire engine. The steam, which would carry further, has therefore been abandoned in favour of water. Those portions of the burn- ing mass which were nearest to the mouth of the tunnel have been extinguished, and are gradually being removed in skips. How soon the fire will be conquered is only a matter of conjecture, but Mr. Campbell is inclined to think that he has got the npper hand of it at last. It will be seen from an advertisement that some one has mischievously opened one of the stoppings in the mine. We are given to understand that had the men been working at a certain part of the mine at the time this would have sent the foul air back upon them and would have suffocated them. The company offer a reward of £50 for the discovery of the delinquent. FISH RIVER CAVES. — we understand that during the past week, Mr. H. Wood, Under- Secretary for Mines, and Mr. Wilkinson, Government geologist, paid an official visit to the Fish River Caves, for the purpose of laying out some important improvements, their chief object being to consider the advisability of lighting the caves by electricity. Not long since a member of the celebrated firm of Tangye Brothers, of Birmingham, found his way to the spot on a pleasure trip, and so pleased was he with the marvellous and exqui- site sights which nature, has there revealed, that he promised to present an engine of the value of £200 for electric lighting purposes if the Government would introduce them. The enchanting loveliness of such scenes as the Fairies' Retreats the Celestial City; the Queen's Diamonds, and the host of others, seen with the aid of this great modern innovation, would be almost beyond conception. We are not aware whether the Government have arrived at any decision respecting it. The means of access to the Caves from the Lithgow side are being greatly improved, as good roads are being laid down, and a zigzag has been con- structed down the mountain, though it is not of sufficient width to admit of driving a vehicle down. There is one spot which urgently demands attention, and doubtless has not es- caped that of the Under-Sccretary. A few yards off the track is a large hole some twelve feet in diameter, opening into the Devil's Coachhouse, with a clear drop of 500 feet, into which the unwary may easily fall, and to make matters worse the track in this particular place is indistinct, so that one is apt to deviate from it in the dark. The hole has been covered over, but the covering has been burned away by the bush-fires. There is also another hole of a similar character, though not so awkardly situated, with a drop of 270 feet. We mention this that visitors may be upon their guard. 