Oxley Shire Council. — The ordinary month iy meeting of the above council on Sa'urday .lapsed for want of a quorum ; the only members present being the president mid Councillors Su'ton, Reid and (Jarinodr. Tlie meeting will be held to-day (Satur. davl. Examination in Medicine. — We are pleased to learn that Master C. AI. Har- ridge, son of Mr C. C. Harridge, of Stanley, has passed his preliminary phar maceutical examination, obtaining more marks than any other candidate. Master Harridge was educated at the Baech worth Grammar School, and he attended no other school since he left in Alay last. His success reflects credit upon that establishment and its principal and leach ing staff. St. Patrick's Day. —Wednesday next being St. Patrick's Day. a grand amateur concert will be given in St. Joseph's Hall, Beechworth in the evening, to bo followed by a dance. Wife Desertion. — On Wednesday last Frank Stead was brought before the Ai bnry Bench on a charge of deserting his wife at Chiltern, in July last. Prisoner was remanded to Chiltern. Racing on the Border. — On Wednes. day Alessrs F. and A. Piggin sold by auction the booths for the Corowa and the Wahguuyah races to be held on the 24th and 26th inst. The first fetched £25, and the latter £17. Mr J. Cams was the purchaser of the Corowa booth, and Air T. Ford of the Wahgnnyah booth. Everything speaks well for the racing on both sides of the river, and good judges state we shall have two of the most successful meets ever held, writes our correspondent. Rutherglen Police Court. — On Tues. day, before Messrs G. Graham, L. Frasep and G, F. Morris, J.P.'s., ten: parents were summonsed under the compulsory clause of the Education Act, for not-'seiid- ing their children to school -the required number of days. Three out of the number were fined 2s 6d, with 2s 6d costs. Five others wece fined 5s, with 2s 6d costs! this being tlicir second offence. W. Kellet summoned E. King for assault. There was - also a . cross-summons for abusive language. The Bench decided, to take_the two cases together. Mr.' F. Brown ap peared for King ; Alt Hodgson; for ;Kellet. From the evidence it appeared that Kellet met King and his . wife driving from Rutherglen in . a dray towards Lake Afoodemere. Kellet asked them to give him si lift," which was refused, Kellet niado use of some bad language, where upon King and his wife knocked him down, and Mrs King held him while King punched him. Dr Loughrey, of Corowa, deposed that he had examined Kellet on- the l22ad December last, and found him considerably bruised and his eyes . black. Th i Bench fined King Is damages, with £2 6s costs, for assault, aud fined Kellet 20s V with £1 4s -easts, for using insulting lang Ttage. Joseph 'Kelly summoned; Geo. Dt ssaoaqnd far illegal detention of goods. M Y Hodgson appeared for plaintiff, Air Broi Yn for defendant. The case Was dismissed. 'Thoa. Ryara sued Oliver Whitehead for£34 :-»t288d, for work and labor done. Mr Hi 3g«on, for de fendant admitted to deb V of £1-0 4s.9d, The case was a very complic. ited. on qt : An order was made for £10 4s $d, with -4s oosts. . Jambs Telford sued W. v Gtztten for £6:18a 9d, for . goods sold and delivered. No appearaiice of defendant. £ vt 10s had been paid j and an order for tht" ' fcalaace was made. Jas. Telford saed \ V Sec- combe for £13 3s 8d, goods sold a de livered. No appearance of defeni iant. An ord»r for £'0 3« 8d was made. .The oonrt then djonmed. j Tub Recent Elections. — The writs' mm ihe reiurning-officers certifying to t:io election of members to serve in the1 Eegis. lative Assembly of the Kew. 'Parliament were on Wednesday ; -forwarded to ttie Governor. His Excellency has direeie;: the preparation of a list of members to be puHlished in ilit; "Government Gazetie" wiiich appeared on Friday. Sales of.. Rropbrxy. — AlGsrs J. H. Gray and 'V." sold by atiction on Thursday the freehold, properly in High-street, Beechworth, belonging to Mr D. Jeffs, uu eluding two weatherboard d weliing-houses, vlr K. Pyle, of the Three Mile, being the purchaser, at £140. Messrs Dougharty, Son and Parker report having sold bv auction, at Wodonga, on Monday last, i\Ir Beattie's farm, at Wangambalanga, con taining 20S acres, 'o Mr Jas. Lawson, at £5 6s >er acre. The Laud Exchange nod Agencv Company Limited, conjointly with the New Zealand Loan -and Mercantile Agency Gomp.ny Limi'ed, as agents lor Mr J-">hn Evans, report having so'd the Whitfield Estate and station horn; steal, comprising 3637 acres, commanding ex tensive fron:age to tho King River, situate 25 miles from Wa-igaratia, it £5 10s per acre, stock, to be taken at valuation. ! lie purchaser was Mr Wtn. Hyetn, of Beech worth. The price paid for the latter pro perty represents a sum of £20,003. A Fine Nugget. — A nugget of almo-t pure gold was on Tuesday last uoearthen at the Apple Tree Flat goldfield, 10 miles from Mudgee. It weighs 103 Z-- The tinders are Rochester, Cr ossing, and party. Che Rev. J. a. Osborne. — This gentle man, who for some time past has heen in charge of the Waagaratta circuit of the Wesleyan Church, will oreacli his fare wi-il sermon to the congregation at Wangamfa to-morrow (Sunday) evening. During his residence in the oisnict Mr Osborne has iir minentlr identified hiin-elt with many social movements, b all in connection with and outside 'be church tn which be be!-i:ig-> and lie and Mrs Osborne, who actively seconded her -ini;ba"d's efforts, will be greatly missed bv a large circle of frieir's, whose goo:; wishes tliey carry an ay with them. The Whgrouly Races. — The annual race-moeting at Whoronly takes place on Friday, 19th inst. There are six events on the programme, tho principal being the Whoronly Handicap, of 25 sovs., and as the entries are likely to fill well, the meet ing will no doubt be as successful as those of former years. A ball will be held in the evening at Oorbett's Hall. The sport is to be continued the following day, when a number of hack races will be run. Wodonga Police Court. — On Thurs day, before Alessrs W. H. Foster and J. J. O'Meara P.M's, and Mi- W. L. Furrier, J.P., three young men were brought up on a charge of having been drunk and disorderly. On account of there being no second honorary magistrate in Wodonga, the accused had been locked np since Monday. The Bench discharged them. Smith summoned — McKoy for assault. Plaintiff appealed to the Bench to with draw the case, as the defendant apologised. The case was withdrawn. A hawker's license was granted to Thomas Peach, and a renewed carrier's license to Harry Wilks. The court then adjourned. The Bush-fires Relief Fund. — Tlie list of subscriptions collected within the Beechworth United Shire in aid of tlie fund for the relief of the sufferers by the late disastrous fires in the Hey'esbury ami Cape Otway Forests is published in another eolumn. The total amount is £81 10s 8 1 — a couti ibution mnsf creditable to the resi dents of Beechworih and neighborhood who have thus shown practical sympaihy with their unfortunate fellow-colonists in he localities named. A list of subscriptions collected at and around Stanley, and amounting to ahout £9, will be given in our next issue. Concert at Everton. — A concert will be held in tlie Victoria Hall, Everton, on Wednesday evening, in aid of the fonds of the Church of England in that township. We are given to understand that amateur vocalists and instrumentalists from Beech worth and Wangaratta, in addition to local talent, have promised t heir assistance in making the entertaiomco- a successful one, and with good music and u fine moonlit night, the attendance will doubtless be large. Licensing.— -At Wodonga on Thursday Air W. H. Foster (chairman) ;and AIessrg G. D. McGormick and J. J. O'Meara, P.AI's., sat as a licensing bench for the Wodonga, Towong and Mitta divisions. John Mildren applied for a transfer of the license of the Border Hotel to John Griffiths, of Albury. Granted ; but the new licensee received notice from the in spector of hotels (Sub-inspector Thomas) that the place was not in fit and proper order, and will have to be attended to at once. John McCallum applied for a transfer of the license of his hotel at Jingellic to Alex. Dunn, of the same place. Airs Dunn appeared, as her husband was ill. The application not haying been adver tised in a local paper, the court stated that this being a special case, they would adjourn it to the court at Alexandra, in order that the applicant may advertise in the paper.- The court will sit on the 23rd inst. at that place. The inspector of hotels stated that if this hotel were shut up, the public travelling by coach would be put to great inconvenience. Alex. H. Skoglund applied for a temporary license for the races : at Bethanga. Applicant stated that he had sent applications for tlie license to the clerk of courts at Wodouga, which the latter stated he had not received. The applicant stated that he could- prove he had- senfc; three notices to 'the clerk ef courts. The clerk of courts brought out his minute-book, and it, didv not show that such notices were received'- from the; . applicant.- ; The in spector of hotels'1 also stated that he had not received; any notice whatever. The Bench' takjng all the ' circumstances into consideration, granted the application ; but pointed out that in the future, if the |aw I was;, not; complied with, the conrt would., not -entertain similar applications. The court then adjourned, " 7 , Beechworth Police Court. — At .this court on Thursday;- before Alessrs Telford and Gammon, Charles and Jane Perkins, aged 7 aud 3 years respectively, were brought up oh a charge of being neglected children, and were ordered to be Bent to the Industrial Schools for seven years. Social Gathering.— The Three Alile annual social tea and public entertainment will be held on Thursday, the-18th inst. in the Three Mjle Reading-room. A specially' novel and attractive feature will- bs the " bachelors' table," supplied and presided over, by two young ladiea of the Three Mile, and the " Young ladies' table/' supplied by six local bachelors. As there will be keen competition between these tables, in the matter -of appetising viands and attractive display, there will doubtless be " something to remember" for those who invent in a ticket and. attend the -social." JPaftioulj»pi appesr in: our advertising oolu,on8- Conversazioiie><'T!io aaniveraary con fers azions in coan getin with Presby terian Church, jBeJ?hworth, will take plaoe ob Wedne lay evening/ The Fire-brigades Demonstration. — Again we have to chronicle the successes of the Beechworth Volunteer Fire-brigads at the annual demonstration, this year held at Sandhurst. The brigade may now lay claim to the proud position of being the premier " all-round" corps of the kind in the colonies, and the townspeople should some evening next week recognise the suc cessful efforts of their. representatives, whe did what was done by no other brigade at the demonstration — took a place in every hose-practice event. Third in the princi pal competition (hose practice for eight men), first in hose practico for six men, second in hose practice for four men, third in ladder and hose practice, second in the alarm and rush, and very close up in each of the two engine practice events, is an excellent, record, that will be envied by many a city brigade. The total value of the prizes won by Beechworth is some £75. Accordiug to the demonstration pro gramme, which states that the captain of each winning brigade wiil be awarded a gold lockc, Captain AfcLeau will receive that mark of distinction. Several of the firemen will return to Beechworth to night. but others will extend their holiday till Wednesday. At a meeting of repre sentatives it was decided that the next de- inonsrr»tinii be held in Melbourne in Feb ruary or March, 1887. The Recent Railway Accident. — A board, consisting of Mr Kibble, the dis trict traffic superintendent, aud tlie loco- met-iv < «verseer, was held at Waagaratta on Thursday, to inquire into the cause of the accident on the Beechworth line on Tuesday. Several witnesses wet-e exa mined, but the decision was not made kni-nvH. It may, however, be stated that the driver, Oa<iey, was suspended on Wednesday inortiiug. Mr Boweu, of Whoronly, still iiee at Wangaratta under tlie care of Dr AIcFarlane. He was rather -vorse on Thursday. Mrs Norman, 'f North Wangaratta, who is also under Dr Macfarlane's care, is suffering rather severely from shock, and there is a third patient under the same medical man in '.he immediate neighborhood. Railway Collision in France. — A serious railway accident is reported by the " Telegraph" as occurring at Alentone, ill the south of France, and it is said that some twenty persons, many of whom are English, have been killed. Alentone, which is only about thirte-n miles to the east of Nice, has lately grown into great favor as a place of winter resort for the British aristocracy, and this will probably account for the large proportion of English in the train. Peculiar Accident to a Child. — Dr Yonl, the ctty coroner, held an inquest at North Fitzroy on Monday on the body of Robert Duncan Lament, aged thrte weeks. On the 28th ult., while the child was being washed, a piece of cotton was found hang ing out of its side. It was taken to the Lying-in Hospital, and the doctor found a needle in the child's body. It was not known how the needle got there. The child afterwards died. Dr Owen, who made a post-mortem examination, dis covered that death resulted from acute pneumonia, caused by the needle pene trating the right lung. A verdict in ac cordance with the medical testmony was returned. Departure of the Bishop of Mel bourne. — The departure of the Right Rev. Dr Moorhouse, the newly elected Bishop of Manchester, and Airs Aloorhonse, to tho scene of the Bishop's future labors, wa3 marked on Thursday morning by the ex ceedingly large assemblage of the public from all parts of the country on board the P. and O. Company's steamer Bengal to wish the most popular clergyman Victoria ever had "Godspeed." Representatives of all denominations were present, and as a matter of course the dignataries of the Anglican Church and clergy from far- way parts in the bush were also observable, re marks the " Herald." The Bengal was crowded from stem to stern with people, and it was with the utmost difficulty progress could be effected by the officers and the crew. The special trains from Spencer-street were crowded, and up till the time of the vessel's departure people flocked in from all directions, and fully a couple of thousand must have been present. School Boards of Advice Coungil. -t- At a quarterly meeting of the council of the school boards of advice,- held in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Wednesdaynight —Mr Ingram (of Beechworth), president, in the chair — a letter was received from the secretary of the Education Department, in forming the council that no special history had been adopted, but that historical les sons would be introduced into the read ing books. The work was being pre pared by Messrs Nelson, the publishers. Mr Armstrong moved, and BIr Raine se conded, that the Minister be- asked tore- store to the Royal Readers those passages which had been expunged. The president wa3 very, glad that Mr Armstrong had brought the matter forward. Ho was sure that many people would be glad to have erased portions restored. It was very wrong to have t.he name of Jesus Christ taken out of the school-books.. Somo of the finest thoughts - were con nected with that name. The motion on1 being put was carried. It vas resolved that a conference bo held - not later than July, and a deputation was appointed .to wait upon the Minister of Education next, day. A motion by Mr 8. G. King, .('.That it is advisable that some mode should be adopted by which parents could have a a voice, through the boards of advice, in the appointment: of teachers/'i was with drawn. The Yankalilla . Bank Robbery. —It has been ascertained that the books of the Yankalilla branch of the Commercial Bank of South Australia, where the recent robbery occurred, are quite .correct. The police have come to the conclusion that the premises were not entered, from without. Beechworth Stock and Sharp. Mar ket. — Air- A; W. Foster reports for the week ending the 12th March Banks- Commercial— buyers, £715.a ; .sellers, £7 16s 6d. Federal — buyers, 64s; sellers, 65s. City of Melbourne — buyers, 94s ; sellers, 95b. Australian Freehold — buyers, 52s ; sellers, 53s. - Insurance Companies : Na tional — buyers, lis ; sellers, lis 9d. sales, lis. Colonial Mutual Fire — buyers, 3s 9d ; sellers, 4s ; sales, 3s 9d. United Australian — buyers, Is lOd ; sellers, 23 ; sales, Is lGd. Southern — buyers, 21s 6d ; sellers, 22s. Indemnity — buyers, 19s 3d « sellers, 19s 6d. Mines : Rocky Mountain— - buyers, 5s. Alisoellaneous : Monte Piete —buyers, 10s 9d ; sellers, 12s ; sales, lis. Beechworth Gas Co. (Preferential)— buy ers, £3 5s ; sellers, £3 10s. Stanley Hall. Co. —sellers, 10s. Mutual Store - buyers. 52s 6d ; sellers, 54s 6d. Coffee Tavern — buyers, 25s ; : sellers, 27s. McCulloeh Carrying Co. — buyers, 39s 64 ; sellers, 40s 6d. Permewau — buyers, 25s ; sellers. 26s. , This Weather Pbophht of Hacked- sack.— There is a meteorologioal savan at Haokoasaok, Hew. Jersey, who alsime that observations can be based just R8 effectually on the mutations of the eloads as on the instruments that gaege the treasures. His prediction, however, have not sustained his theory. How unlike the augury of the sue. eess of WOLFE'S 3CBNAPPS, made in the earliest days of the article's naoufaature. Always »sk for Wo/jo's Schitajips. 