INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE, January 1st. Mr. de Lucas has commenced his suit against the Corporation of South Melbourne with a view to recover £5000 damages for injuries received during the time the roads were in a detective state. The Revenue returns published this morn ing shew the revenue for the quarter ending December 31st to be £1,569,857 or a de crease of £19,218 on the corresponding quarter of previous year. A cricket match commenced to-day be tween a combined eleven and a team likely to p_oceed to /England. The former scored 135, the Australian eleven lost two wickets for 69. SYDNEY, January l6t. Two fatal accidents occured in the harbor to-day owing to boats capsizing. By the first two young ladies and a youth were drowned. The second contained Messrs. Shaw and SeDior, members of the late New Guinea ex pedition. When the boat capsized Senior, who was under the influence of liquor, was lashed to the bottom of the boat to prevent his fall ing out and was consequently drowned. Mr. G. A. Sala has received numerous let ters of condolence from this colony, and among others one from Lord Carrington. BRISBANE, January 1st. Captain Sovenson will be tried for a breach of the " Shipping Act " and not for piracy. HOBART, January l6t. The Chief Secretary and the Attorney- General will represent Tasmania at the forth coming Federal Council. ADELAIDE, January 2nd. A shocking case of child murder occurred here to-day. The charred bones of a newly born infant were found in a fire. At Blyth yesterday two men had a dis pute. "One fired at the other and failing to kill him blew his own head off. MELBOURNE, January 3rd. The wharf laborers .struck work on Satur day, and as a consequence several intercol onial vessels are delayed. A peculiar case of shooting occurred on the steamer Gambier yesterday, John Slater, a steerage passenger, presumed to be mad, fired at a fellow passenger. He has been referred to medical examination. SYDNEY, January 3id. Mr. Syines the notorious free-thought lecturer has arrived here. Sir John Robertson proceeds to the Mudgee elections to-morrow. James" Schooler attempted suicide on Saturday by stabbing hhuself in the head and neck vvitli a chisel. An extensive fire occurred. at Newcastle on Saturday. Damages effected amount to £5000. Unusually heavy thunderstorms have oc curred at New South Wales. The southern railway near Cootamundra has been again disabled. ADELAIDE, January 4th. A large fire l:as occurred at Dowie's tan nery at Bowden ; damages are estimated at between £15,000 to £20,000. Three horses were killed by lightning at Curricton yesterday. Mrs. Norvall has been committed to tako her trial for concealing the birth of her child which was found burnt. It is not proved mat tne cnna ureatuea atter uinu. Mr. Thomas Harris was found dead in the Torrens Lake yesterday. At the inquest to day there was no evidence to shew cause. AUCKLAND, January 4th. There has been an extensive fire at Wai para, Hawke's Bay disctrict. ADELAIDE, January 5th. The weather is extremely hot, eleven cases of sudden death from beat. There are ex tensive bush-fires in the vicinities of Mount Pleasant, Mount . Gambier, Strathalbyn, Gly- nde, Brown- Hill Creek, Mitcliam and Elliston. MELBOURNE, January 5th. The heat throughout the colony is intense. The wharf-laborers strike still continues. Terrible bu6h-fires are raging in the West ern districts. Huddart, Parker & Co. have laid up their steamers Nemesis , Carangouiste, and intend laying up the Nendouree and Burrumbeet when they arrive. Mr. J. Paterson has de cided to act similarly and a large number of Howard Smith's steamers are also to be laid up. Two hundred and twenty plasters struck yesterday night, owing to a dispute with their employers on the eight hour's question. Messrs. Wall's and McAllester's tenders for the construction of the Camperdown rail way has been accepted. Amount of tender £37,000. The cricket match, Australians versus Vic torians was concluded on Monday resulting in a victory for the Australians by ten wickets. The scores were for Victoria 1st innings 135, second 260. Australian's first innings 375, 21 for no wickets. SYDNEY, January 5th. The year 8 revenue for 1885 amounted to £7,588,667, being an increase of £471,075 on that of last year. The expenditure was £8,- 816,683. The Governor has consented to open the Arts Exhibition in April next. BRISBANE, January 5th. The Dorunda will be released from quaran tine to-morrow. The health of the patients is good. The amount of claims for compensation to planters on accounts of returns to the Pacific Islands under the Act passed last session of the Legislature is £40,000. A man named Smith a seaman on board the Martin was killed to day. At the Glanmire Mine at Gympic forty ounces of gold were got up to Saturday. Good gold is still showing. The revenue returns for last quarter show total revenue £642,000. The credit balance now stands at £340,000. AUCKLAND, January 5th. It has been discovered that Howard who played a prominent part in the Sea Gull con- spiracy to defraud the Insurance Company was the man on wliose policies the claims were made. He has been uriestcd at Well ington. MELBOURNE January 6. Messrs. Service and Berry the Victorian re presentatives of the Federal Council will leave on January the 21st. A lad named William Ballantyne deliber ately shot his father wlfo had threatened to beat him. The wound inflicted is not danger ous. Two farmers have been stuck up and robbed. SYDNEY, January' 6. The Military Court of Enquiry into the charges against Lieut. Airey is likely to be finished to-morrow. It is intended to materially reduce tele graphic charges to New Zealand. MELBOURNE, Januery 7. Morrell, the American sailor who was con victed for the murder of his mate on the barque Don Carlos was executed to-day. The rail way" between Morwell and Mirboo was formally opened to-day. The plasterers' and whaf laborers' strike continues. It is rumoured that the Seamans' Union threaten to strike. The sugar sorters have struck demanding fifteen pence an hour. A strike is impending among the millers who are demanding the eight hour system. Extensive floods have occurred at Bal'a rat. On the main road traffic has been suspended and a deal of country is under water. HOBART, January 7. A deplorable accident occurred on the River Derwent on Tuesday. A steamer, The Colleen Bawn, touched a rock at Griffiths Point and sank instantly. Mrs. Johnson and her two eldest daughters. Miss Proctor and Muster Broinbv were all drowned. There were no boats. Some of .the passengers manag- edjto swim ashore. WELLINGTON January 7. There have been large fires at Wellington and Auckland, owing to which many people have been rendered homeless. 