©ohm ©alfc. Mb. Price Williams commences his survey of Mr. Waddington's line from Guildford about the end of next week. The Captain of the Otway informs us that on leavmg Uos8ack tbere-rwas every appearance of an' approaching "Willy Willy," 'and that he experienced very rough weather between Cossack and Carnarvon. , A Correspondent at the Gascoyne has asked us to correct an error which appeared; in our report of the Gascoyne races which Were held on the 6th and 7th of November last. We should have said that Chieftan and Yatli- eroo were both scratched. We have to apologise-to our subscribers at the Greenough, Dongaria and:- at the Irwin for an unfortunate oversight of ours in not posting last Saturday's Express in time for the overland mail. We deeply regret the inadvertence and will take care that Each an one will not occur again. The members of the Northampton Rifle Vol unteers held their annual prize firing on Tuesday last. It would be well, we think, if it could be arranged, to hold- these rifle eon- tests at shorter intervals, as nothing appears to give a more -wliolesomei stiinulus to the volunteer movement. On Saturday last (Boxing DayJTthe officers and members of the " Advance " Lodge I.O.G.T., took advantage of the general holi day by holding a- picnic at the Chapman River, to which a large number of their friends were invited. .. fortunately for these pleasure seekers the weather was vefy much cooler than on the three preceding days, and so permitted of some enjoyment. A correspondent from Donga rra, a member of the newly erected Wesley an Church in that place, has requested us to state that the debtor balance on the building at the end of November last was only £101 18s. 7d., an amount which, with the £15 realized at the recent tea meeting, together with what is ex pected to be raised at the forthcoming bazaar, will be entirely paid off daring the present year. On Thursday afternoon last several of the teachers and children connected with the. - Christ Church Sunday. -School in this town waited on Mr. W.D: Cowan, their late Super intendent, far the purpose of presenting hi with a desert service, anda pair of beautiful pictures in. recognition of his past services and as a token of their esteem. The Rev. Henry Laurence addressed a few valedictory words to Mr. Cowan on behalf of .the teachers to' whicl Mr. Cowlan briefly but suitably reloaded. Mb. Price Williams, the emineat engineer, who has just arrived in the colony4 for the purpose of inspecting the country between Guildford and Greenqugh-.pnv behalf of Mr. Waddington's syndicate, expresses himself as being highly pleased with the country he saw- between Albany and. Perth ; and Mr. Cheese- wriglit (Mr. Hordern's surveyor) is stated to be equally well pleased with it. If Mr. Williams is so pleased with. Mr. Hordern's land what will he not think of that through which Mr. Waddington's line will pass ? By the s.s. Otway which "arrived yesterday morning, we have received intelligence of a most brutal murder which has been perpetra ted some seventy miles inland from Derby. The accused is a man named Moher. He was in tolerably good circumstances, being either owner or part owner of a sheep, station. It appears from what we have been Jable to learn that he beat his wife in a most cruel man ' ner and then left her with a family of young children on the station, without flood,, while he went into Derby. He has been fully com mitted for wilful murder by the. local magis trate and will take his trial at the next sit ting of the Supreme Court at Geraldton. By the s.s. Rob Roy which left Geraldton- for Fremantle on Wednesday evening last, an exceptionally large number of our towns people and settlers of the sqrrounding districts proceeded to the metropolis, evidently attract ed thitherward by the annual meeting of tha West Australian Turf Club. The jetty waa thronged by the many friends of those who were leaving to bid them farewell and to wish them a pleasant holiday Among those who have taken their departure for any length of time are Mr. R. E. Bush; and Mr. and Mrs. E. F .. Darlot who purpose visiting Melbourne and making a short Australian " tour. Wo wish them bon voyage -and- a speedy and safe return. We are pleased to learn thAt so many-— 70 persons — availed themselves ofl-ibe oppor tunity afforded them by Saturday's excursion traits to have a day of it at Northampton We are pleased; because when the Commis sioner of Railways finds that the public ap preciate these special trains he will be the more willing to put. them on when occa sion calls. The old English Sports which Mr. Cripps of the Miner's Arms had organiz ed for the occasion were, we believe, thorough ly enjoyed and it will be some consolation to our sportB -loving Geraldtonians, who general ly bare the mortification of seeing Geraldton Athletic sports prizes won by the Northamp ton visitors pr those from the Greenough, to learn that on this occasion, several of the prize winners were from Geraldton. A de tailed account of the sport will appear next week. We are informed that tbere has been con siderable excitement and discussion in con nection with the letter signed "Plebeian," which appeared In our issue of December l9th. Wo make no -apology for the insertion \- of .the letter for none is needed. At the sa me time We should have preferred to. see the jiiame of the ' writer published, as it would . "bave protected the letter from the charge of havingbeen written withinal icious feeling. Our readers, however, of every class must understand that whenever we receive a better written apparently in the pub - public interest— such for instance as \- Plebeian's was — even if only a nam deplume is appended to it, we shall not be deterred from doing a public duty from private rea- — — _ — J aLama nil . witiof nn BUUb'f ami ttUUVO ail fcUOJ UAUCb uuuuioiuuu that threats Lave no effect with as whatever, and are likely to do those using them much more harm than good, " A" correspondent at Fremantle writes : — " On fie morning of last Boxing Day, about 2 a.m., a policeman passing Mr. G. A. Davis's store : |n High -Street heard a crackling sound, and -discovered the place was in flameB. An alarm was at onice given, and the Fire Bri gade, under Captain Newbold were soon at the spot with the engine. By 230 the whole premises were a mass of flames, and the ad joining bloek, including about seven exten sive stores, were in imminent danger. By ' dint of immense exertion and tbe utmost cour- jsgethe Fire Brigade assisted by Dr. Ingold- by, Messrs. W. D. Moore, Albert, and outers, the building adjoining the burning store was saved, from being consumed, and with it the other stores. About £5000 worth of damage was done, Mr. Davis's loss being covered by Insurance. Tlie entire stock of Messrs. Cong- \- - street, and much damage and loss was the natand consequence/' During the past fortnight bush-fires have been very prevalent throughout the district. /The runs of Mr. Edward Wittenooin at tlie White Peak, of Mr. L. C. Surges at Qaka- hellaand also those of Mr. T. Barges, situ ated in the vicinity of Narra Tarra, have suffered considerably from this cause ; some miles of eoontry being entirely denuded of grass and scrub. It is particularly unfortunate that these fires should take place just now as jsuch a. length of time rauBt elapse before the green feed will again make its appearance. Mr. Samuel Farmer of Paradise Valley near Narra Tarra mines, however, has, we think, sustained by far the greatest loss by these fires. His entire crop of standing corn and his iiaystack, seme miles of fencing and the out houses about bis dwelling, his pigs and even his poultry were consumed and it was with .extreme difficulty that his residence was saved from the flames. Much sympathy is felt for Mi. Farmer who, after many years of plodding Industry and hard toil liad suc ceeded In getting together a comfortable homestead, and who, it appeared was on a fair way to prosperity. On the evening of Christmas Day, Mr. Wal lace Pope of Glenfield, while riding into Geraldton with some of his friends, met with an accident which, though serious enough as it was, might have proved fatal. It appears that on reaching town, the mare he was rid ing, a young one and partially broken, be came absolutely unmanageable and in front of Messrs. Shenton & Co's premises in Marine Terrace she bolted off the road onto the paved foot-path; where, after colliding with a ver andah post, she fell, at the same time throw ing Mr. Pope out of the saddle on to the flagstones in the street—his head, in the fall, coming in contact with a sharp corner of the ornamental window-guard. Some persons who were fortunately near when the occur rence happened conveyed the young man to the Geraldton Hotel while in the meantime Doctor Wilson was brought to lend his as sistance, he being the nearest medical man available. After a careful examination the Doctor found there were no fractures and no wounds to cause any alarm. Mr. Pope received a nasty scalp wound just above the right ear which bled profusely, his right leg and shoulder were badly bruised, and he was terribly shaken. He was insensible for the greater put of Friday night, but we are glad to say he is now, thanks to Doctor Wil son's care and attention, on a fair way to re covery. The Annual Prize Firing -of the Geraldton Bifie Volunteers which was held on Saturday last was one of the mod; spirited contests the corps has had since its inauguration. A splendid collection of prizes had been got to gether and in addition to these the valuable gold medal presented to tbe company for competition by Captain Smith of the F.S.Vs. was also to be fired for. The committee who handicapped the men and divided them Into the various sqnads deserve commenda tion for the obvious care they took in performing this, generally speaking, thank less task. The medal fell to Lieut. Cowan who managed to make 110 points out of a possible 120 and notwithstand ing this toll score he was closely follow ed by Corporal Watson, Sergeant Jose, and Private Mullen whose totals were 109, 108, and 107 respectively. The excitement during tbe last few rounds at the last range was intense as each of those I have mention ed were -as likely to wir as the oilier. Mr. Foriiignew spnere of lnbor at Newcastle. The balance of the prizes will not be distri buted until Captain Shenton's return from Perth. A fortniglit ago we spoke in complimentary terms concerning certain appointments made by His Excellency the Governor. We regret that this week we feel bound to use words of the most unmeasured disapprobation con cerning His Excellency's selection of . Mr. , Sieere as representative of this colony at the forthcoming Federal Council at Hobart. We cannot recognise any claim or qualification possessed by Mr. Steere which fits him for this most important diplomatic position for which he has been selected. He lias been ignominionsly rejected by two Constituencies, after sitting twenty years In the Legislative Council. In consequence of his uncompro mising conservatism, and, possibly, his gen eral ability — as he has the reputation of being a plodding worker — he has been dragged neck and crop Into the Legislative Council as a nominee by the Governor in which position he has certainly given more satifaction than he did as a representative of tbe peo ple. Uncouth in manner, curt and uncom promising, entirely undiplomatic, deficient in every one of those qualities which go to make a successful statesman in a young country, the appointment of Mr. Steere as representative of this colony al the most im portant meeting of statesmen yet held in Australia is a huge mistake. It is bound to cause immense dissatisfaction, but fortun- ately we may anticipate that it will result in mri»ning on the changes for which all pro- gressive men in this colonj' are so anxiously waiting. Before concluding these remarks we would like to know by what .right Sir Frederick Broome is bolstering np his Go vernment by appointing Mr. Steere,- who is also a nominee member, a member of his Executive Council. This action is a mon strous abuse of authority, and we shall dis cuss it at length next week. The Chnrch of England Standard of De cember 10th contains the following: — "Better late than never." It is surely to be regretted that those who have undertaken to supply us with hooks in the city of Perth, should be so far behind the times that now, for the first time, copies of the Revised Bible are offered for sale. It mnst be very evident to any business men that a great opportunity for a large sale of these books has been missed, This want of enterprise is the less excusable, when we remember that the same thing hap pened in the case of the Revised Version of i the New Testament. It was not for months j after the publication of the work that copies were obtainable in Perth, and then the sup ply was so limited as to be utterly inadequate to tbe demand. Four months ago, finding that there was no hope of procuring copies in this city, we telegraphed to Melbourne for a supply, but alas ! too late levery copy was sold out. And now at last wu are in possession of a veiy readable copy, owing, not to the efforts of the Perth Blbliopoliste to supply the need fivan flffpr iliatr liava haati trarnfirl nf flia rl p.- mand, but to the individual enterprise of that very clever little paper the Victorian Express. In fact two firms are supplying these much desired works to the good people of Geraldton. Our city is making rapid strides in many di rections, let us hope that as it advances in wealth and prosperity, it will not neglect those things which may conduce to its greater intellectual and moral advancement." Champion Bay is rapidly increasing in im portance, and is bound before long to become one of the most — if not the most — important ports on the Western Coast of Australia. Apart from the duties on goods for the Vic toria district collected at Fremantle, nearly £12,000 per annum is collected at Champion Bay in Customs dues. It is the only harbor of any value at all between Fremantle and Car narvon, and taps most extensive and valuable agricultural, pastoral, and mineral country. In Champion Bay and the surrounding coun try there is already a population of about 4000, and as 60on as the Greenough Railway and Mr. Waddington's . line are commenced we may anticipate a large increase in popula tion. One of the great draw backs under which we suffer at the present time, aud which under the circumstances should be no longer allowed to exist is the insufficient communication by sea with Fremantle. It is high time that a weekly steam service was established between this port and the, at pre sent, chief port of the colony. It is unpleas ant and inconvenient for the numerous busi ness men and others who Lave occasion to visit ns, and for residents in the district who desire to visit the seat of Government for a brief time, to be detained for a fortnight when tbey can complete what tbey have to do in a few days, and are anxious to return to their homes. We repeat it is high time we had a weekly steam service between Champion Bay and Fremantle, and we fully believe the Adelaide Steamship Company would find themselves amply repaid for their enterprise, if they commenced a weekly service at the present time, by the extra traffic induced. The West Australian in commenting on Mr. Steere's appointment as representative of this Colony at the Federal Council (of which appointment of course our conservative con temporary unhesitatingly approves) suggests that the more prominent members of the" Legislature should be detached by tbe Go vernor in turn to represent the colony in the Federal Conncil. This plan is suggested by our contemporary in view of a possible alteration in the form of our Constitution some few years hence, " as it would give a useful experience to those who may have to take an active part in our future political life by bringing them into contact officially with the politicians who elsewhere are working institutions such as those they will be them selves called upon to work at home, and give them a practical insight into larger spheres of political activity." Does our contempor ary seriously imagine that the prominent members of tlie Legislative Council at the present time are those who will most pro bably be selected as representatives of the peo ple when Responsible Government iB intro duced ? Heaven forbid that sucli should be the case 1 As far as we know tlie popular mind at present, the majority of men who now bold seats in Council are there simply because they happened to possess the re quisite property qualification. But with the introduction of. Responsible Government the public can return whom they pleaBe, ir respective of wealth and social status, and although without doubt we shall then have in the colony men of larger pockets as well as larger minds than at present, the wealthy classes will not carry tlie Bway. Reverting to our representation at the first Federal Conncil what the pnblic wanted wa6, that a responsible and representative man Bhould be sent to represent them — and SMr. Steere is neither. Nor with a few exceptions are tbe other unofficial Member of the Legislative Council. Thf WMifarm liaa -flia fn11nvirin lent paragraph with reference to the appoint ment of Colonel Angelo to be Government Resident at Roebonrne. — " On Tuesday a con temporary said : — ' Among the appointments made to vacant Residencies none is likely to prove more satisfactory than that of Colonel Angelo to the Residency of Roebourne. But, how about the Volunteers ? ' We should have put the question somewhat differently. We should have said: — 'Amongst the recent shiftings ot officials none is likely to prove more satisfactory than the removal of Colonel Angelo from the command of the "Volunteers But how about flip. Roe— tvnw1 luiuii" Jhoj '!' 1 uoionei Angelo was not a success as Inspecting Field Officer. Tliis is, or course, notorious. It does not re quire to be stated. So unpopular was the gallant officer among our citizen soldiers that serious harm was being done to the canse of volnnteering and tbe necessity of a change was becoming clearly apparent. We say this in no unkindly spirit to Colonel Angelo personally. No one could be more well-meaning, more energetic, or of a more suave disposition. Probably Colonel Angelo, having endeavoured in every way to do his duty, would find it difficult to under stand why he did not win the confidence and the support of officeiBiand men, just as he pro bably finds it difficult to understand why he was bycotted out of his former command in Tasmania. It is simply this, that to gain in fluence over other men — over large bodies of men, such as corps of Volunteers — certain qualities are. necessary which Colonel Angelo does not possess. There must, for instance, be a certain physical dignity of demeanour, there must be no fussiness, there must be a calm confidence, there mast be good judg- , ment and there mnst be decision. It was not Colonel Angelo's fault if he was not endowed with these peculiar attributes which go to make a successful commanding officer. He ' tried to do his duty, ' and, so far, every ciedit will be given him. But there can be no doubt that bis removal from the position he occupied in the Volunteer service is a dis tinct advantage to the latter. The office was not required at tlie time it was made and, now, the Governor's action will pave tlie way for those other arrangements which will be come necessary when the fortification of King George's Sound and of Fremantle is taken in hand. But what about the Roebourne Residency ? Well, we should advice our Roebourne friends to give the Colonel a fair trial. He is not without considerable ability and, as we have already said, iB kind-liearted, painstaking and energetic. And lie has one special qualification for the post in that long experience elsewhere of native races which will enable him to understand the conditions of , life at the Nor' We6t and to avoid certain mistakes which others might readily fall into. 