Local & General News. WE understand intimation has been made to the Mayor of North Rockhampton that Mr. Nisbet has approved of Mr. W. C. Cle- ment's drainage scheme provided the sewage be conveyed into the river. This Mr. Cle- ments projected doing, but thought the funds would not be sufficient. A FEW weeks ago we reprinted from the P. D. Telegram a paragraph relating to the intended departure of the Rev. A. H. Julius for the metropolis. The rev. gentleman informs us he will be away for three months. He stated it was absolutely necessary for him to visit Brisbane, and that his time there would be taken up in preparing for his ordination as a priest. As our readers are aware, the rev. gentleman was ordained as a deacon by the Right Rev. Dr. Hale. The British-India steamship "Merkara," from London via ports, arrived in Keppel Bay on Saturday evening. Thirty five immigrants were transhipped to the "Polly," and reached the wharf at midnight. There are two married couples, nineteen single men, seven single women, and five children. None of the single women are for hire. Mr, Beasley informs us most of the immigrants who arrived by the "Cloncurry" still remain in the Depot. THE following promotions in classification under the provisions of clause 23 and 24 of the regulations framed under the State Edu- cation Act of 1875 have been approved:— From class III division 1 to class II division 3, Lucy Tighe; from class III division 2 to class III division 1, Sarah Hill Lloyd, Mar- garet Lynam, Kate Elizabeth Nobbs, and Jesse Bernard Freeman ; from class III division 3 to class III division 2, Catherine Angula Lowe, Lydia Elizabeth Norris, John Collins, and Joseph Greenelsh. IN Chambers, on Tuesday morning, before Mr. Justice Harding, in the matter of Kasch and Jorgensen v. Jungen, Mr. T. J. Byrnes for the judgment creditor, Mr. Lilley for Robt. Lea (of Winter and Lea) claimant, and Mr. Frazer, from the Crown Law Offices, for the garnishee, the Secretary for Public In- struction, the following order was made : — That the balance, after deducting £150 3s. 11d , should be paid to the judgment creditor, the judgment creditor to pay the claimant's and garnishee's costs, and that £150 3s. 11d. be paid to the claimant. As an illustration of the serious losses sus- tained in the bush-fires in Victoria the Warrnambool Standard cites the case of a farmer, who was last seen living in an iron tank, having lost his house, furniture, a valuable library, implements, and fencing, valued in all at £1,400. AT the monthly sitting of the Full Court last week, in intestacy, on the application of Mr. Newman, Curator of Intestate Estates, the orders for the administration of the estates below mentioned were made :— David Harris, Saltern Creek; Charles Markham, Isis Downs ; and Peter Maloney, Darr River. A parade of the Naval Brigade was held on Saturday afternoon in the Drill Shed in the presence of Lieutenant Drake, who arrived from Brisbane early in the day, and intends making a long stay here. Only about seven- teen members were present. They were in- structed in various manoeuvres in the shed, but were not marched to North Rockhampton to commence the annual course of firing, as was intended. In the course of the afternoon Lieutenant Drake addressed them, stating he would remain in the town for several weeks, and would call the Brigade together on each Saturday afternoon during the month in order that the annual course of musketry might be completed. He also alluded to the possibility of an encampment being held at Easter, and to the Brigade being ordered into camp at Townsville. A MEETING of the Committee of the Central Queensland Farmers and Graziers Association was held on Saturday at the Normanby Hotel. There were about nine members present, Mr. A. Kroning in the chair. The Chairman explained the object of the meeting, which was to arrange for their next annual show to be held at Gracemere on the Queen's Birthday. He said although they had a bad season last year they were getting rain now, and by May they would be able to hold a good show. The Secretary then read the minutes of the previous meeting which were passed. It was proposed and seconded that a show be held on Monday, 24th May. After a short discussion the motion was carried. A sub-committee, consisting of the following gentlemen, for the purpose of arranging the schedule of prizes, was then formed : — Messrs. J. O'Shanesy, H. Dunn, J. Armstrong, M. O'Keefe, Thomas Jones, A. Kroning, E. Cross, William Purcell, and J. Rutherford. It was also resolved that the sub-committee should meet next Saturday afternoon at five at the Gracemere Hotel. WRITING on 25th December the London correspondent of the Argus says : — During the present Christmas season there is very little business being done in canned meats. The Customs entries for the week ending December 18 were as follow :— New South Wales, 3,362 cases ; United States, 2,639 cases ; Europe, 127 cases. Total, 6,128 cases. The frozen meat trade hardened con- siderably under the combined influence of colder weather and Christmas. Mutton, which last week sold at under 3s. per stone, has been disposed of at 4d. per stone higher. The stock on hand is now lower than it has been for months, but several shipments are nearly due. New Zealand beef is selling rather slowly, but this is mainly owing to the extensive supplies of fresh mutton coming forward during the Christmas season. New Zealand mutton is quoted at from 3s. to 3s. 4d. per stone, and beef at from 3s. 4d. to 4s. There is no Australian meat offering. Visitors to Yeppoon will be pleased to learn another nice drive near that popular watering place is about to be opened up. Through the kindness of Dr. Thurston a road is being opened up from the road to Adelaide Park, to the Yeppoon Sugar Plantation. It will branch off beyond the entrance to Dr. Thurston's residence of Buena Vista, and will cross the range to the old sea beach beyond. Men are at present engaged clearing a track. By this route the distance from Rock- hampton to the plantation may not be greatly diminished, but it will permit of travellers resting their horses a short time at Yeppoon township before pro- ceeding to the plantation by way of the beach, or over the coast range. At present the journey from Yeppoon past Adelaide Park, over the range, and home to the township by the beach is twelve miles, but by this proposed new route it will not be much more than half that distance. THE Secretary of Court Robin Hood, Ancient Order of Foresters, Mr. J. H. Hol- man, on Tuesday forwarded us a copy of the balance-sheet of the Court for the year ending December 31. It shows that the balance to credit on the 31st December, 1884, was £645 12s. 2½d., that the receipts for 1885 were £727 13s. 5d., that the expenditure was £634 9s. 2d., and that the sum to the Court's credit is £738 17s. 2½d. The expenditure included £276 4s. for medical attendance, £127 11s. for sick payments, £125 for funeral payments, and £4 17s. 3d. for benevolent payments. The funds are invested monthly in the Australian Joint Stock Bank, £602 having been lent to that institution, and the worth of the Court is £875 6s. 9½d. It had on the 31st December 195 members. Fifty- eight have been initiated since, four accepted by clearance, five left by clearance, four died, and twenty-five ceased to be members in con- sequence of the non- payment of dues, and there now 250, including 27 who are only honorary members. The auditors, in their report, say : — "We regret that the Court funds have suffered somewhat severely, through the funeral fund during the half-year, viz., £85, which has been the heaviest demand on that fund since the Court was formed. This fund shows a deficit of £32 15s., compared to previous half-year, but notwithstanding this, however, the Court has make a net profit of £23 7s. 6d. for the past six months, which, considering the above circumstances, may be deemed satisfactory. We note the amount held on Savings Bank deposit is £56 17s. 3d., which, with the sum on Current account, viz., £59 19s. 5d., totals £115 16s. 8d. We there- fore recommend that the amount in the Savings Bank be drawn and lodged in A.J.S. Bank, and then £100 be placed therefrom on fixed deposit. We now point out that the £59 19s. 3d., on current account is too large an amount to stand as an unproductive asset." We are informed upon reliable authority, that Mr. John Ferguson, M.L.A., intends to take a trip to the old country, and revisit his native "Hieland Hills" this summer. Mr. Ferguson has led a busy life in the colonies for many years, and had he been in the ser- vice of the Queensland Government he would long ago have been allowed a year's holiday on full pay. No one will grudge him his trip, and many will regret to learn that it is neces- sitated by the state of Miss Ferguson's health. The doctors in Sydney have advised her to visit the old country for the sake of the benefits to be derived from the sea-voyage. Mr. and Miss Ferguson leave Sydney by the "Sorata," of the Orient Line, on the 13th instant, Saturday next. Our Senior Member will not, therefore, be able to visit Rockhampton before his de- parture. He purposes spending three months in the United Kingdom, and hopes to be back in Queensland about the middle of August. Should Parliament not sit this year till July, as it did last year, our Member will be home here in time to take part in the principal work of the session. His many friends in Rockhampton will unite with us in wishing Mr. and Miss Ferguson a pleasant trip, and hoping that they may return restored and invigorated by their sojourn in "the Land o' Cakes." THE Townsville Daily Bulletin, in its issue of Wednesday, contained the following in- formation concerning the death of Mr. F. Laurie, of Rockhampton :—"Yesterday morn- ing a fatal accident happened at Kissing Point. Mr. Francis Laurie, a visitor from Rockhampton, who was staying at Miss Munro's boarding house, Sturt-street, went to the locality mentioned for a bath, taking a towel with him. About eleven o'clock a man named Cole saw a body lying in shallow water, and be also noticed some clothes on the beach. Cole at once went and recovered the body, which was identified as that of Mr. Laurie. The matter was at once reported to the police, and Senior-constable Gilroy pro- ceeded to the spot, when he found the eyes half open, and was subsequently under the impression that life was not extinct, but the medical opinion afterwards was that it was no certain sign of vitality. The constable caused the body to be removed to the morgue at the Hospital, when Dr. Macartney pro- nounced the man to be dead. At the request of the police the body was subsequently in- spected by Dr. Ridgley, the Government medical officer, but he was unable to certify as to the cause of death without a post mortem examination, which was not ordered. Mr. Laurie complained on the previous day to Mr. R. B. Taylor that he had been affected by the heat, so that the deceased may have died from sunstroke, or some other cause besides drowning. It is possible that an in- quiry may be held." The North Queensland Telegraph of Tuesday evening says: — Mr. Laurie became exhausted and sank. Cole, who happened to be close at hand, imme- diately rushed to the rescue and succeeded in dragging him out of the water, but he died shortly afterwards. The details are meagre, and it would appear no one witnessed the occurrence which led to his death. Mrs. Laurie received a letter on Wednesday from Townsville, which was written by her hus- band on the previous Monday afternoon. In it Mr. Laurie said he had received a sun- stroke a few days previous, and was still un- well, but on the morrow would see what good a bath in the sea would do. We have always supported the appoint- ment of a permanent valuer to assess the properties in municipalities and divisions, and it is with great pleasure we are able to point to aa instance of the value of such «.u official to a local governing body. At the last meeting of the Gogango Divisional Board, held on Tuesday last, Mr. J. O'Shanesy alluded in a rather informal manner to the valuations on properties in the subdivision he represented. He held the income of the Board should not have been greater in 1885 than in 1884 because there had been a de- preciation in the worth of landed property, and insinuated that the increase had been brought about by the Clerk adding a shilling to the assessment of the previous year. In justice to Mr. Gosset we may explain that the revenue was augmented last year, by a large increase in the valuation of the property of the Central Queensland Meat Export Com- pany. In 1884 that company had to pay the Board as taxes £42 16s. Mr. Gosset observed, on perusing the pub- lished balance-sheet of the institution, that their estate was undervalued, and he merely took their valuation as a basis. They had, therefore, to contribute £77 to the re- venue of the Board, an increase of £34 4s., which, with the Government endowment, gave the Board an additional sum of £102 12s. to expend. In the case of the property owned by Mr. C. S. D. Melbourne, and situated at Yeppoon, the taxes were raised from £2 10s. in 1884 to £3 19s. in 1885. That was in consequence of the sale of land in close proximity. It gave Mr. Gosset an idea of the real value of Mr. Melbourne's holding. There are other instances of a similar nature which might be recorded. The system on which Mr. Gosset proceeds is a sound one, as is evidenced by the fact that the Meat Company and Mr. Melbourne did not demur to the payment of the additional tax, as it would have been to their advantage to do had the assessment been exorbitant, or the basis careful to note the sale of lands in the various parts of the Division, and also the price which vendors demand for their properties, and is then enabled to make a just valuation and one that cannot be appealed against with any prospect of success. For instance, the value of land at the marine townships of Yeppoon, Lammermoor, and Emu Park has lately risen greatly, and owners may therefore expect to have to pay more rates to the Board in future. Mr. Gosset, in valuing properties, has estab- lished a system which might be followed with advantage by other assessors. REPORTS from the Yeppoon Sugar Planta- tion show the locality has had a good share of the recent rains. The downfall for last week is given as 9.81in. All the creeks are now running, and the swamps are full of water. On the plantation things are looking exceedingly well. The cane is growing rapidly, and presents a splendid appearance. MR. ARTHUR JONES of Seaview Hill, Limestone Creek, on the Yeppoon Road, favours us with details of the rainfall there in the course of the past six weeks. On Christmas Day 5 in. fell, on the 3rd January 2.50in., on the 26th 1.35 in., on the 27th 0.50 in., and on the 31st 7.10 in. There was steady rain on each day excepting the 26th ultimo, when a thunderstorm occurred. MESSRS. Walter Reid and Co. received a telegram on Wednesday from Consuelo, dated February 1, stating there were good rains at that station on the 30th and 31st ultimo, that the creeks were flooded and that the register for the two days was 5.15 in. Mr. W. F. Berkelman also favoured us with a copy of a message con- veying similar welcome news. We hear there were splendid storms at Meteor Downs Station and its viciuity, a- few days ago, and that fully 4 in. of rain fell there. MR. BEASLEY, wardsman of the Immigration Depot, states the demand for labour of all classes at the present time is merely nominal, and that the number of immigrants who have left the Barracks recently is very small. Only one or two of the "Markara's" contingent have departed, and it is believed they have joined friends in the town and country. There are more of the batch which arrived by the "Cloncurry" still unemployed than of the "Merkara's," but as there is little inquiry for single men and married couples that is not astonishing. A RATHER curious incident took place on board the "Polly" while she was crossing Keppel Bay on Sunday, after leaving the "Maranoa," s.s. A lady passenger, who evi- dently was tired of life, leaped over the side of the vessel. In falling, however, she was suddenly seized with a desire to live a little longer, and clutched the railing of the quarter-deck, to which she clung till she was rescued. She was in a very excited state, but at length calmed down ; and when the "Polly" reached the wharf went quietly home with her husband. THE monthly sitting of the Land Court was held on Monday before Mr. Commissioner Young. No applications for selections were received. Certificates of fulfilment of condi- tions were granted to the following selectors subject to inspection :— No. 1041, D. F. Mackay, Tilpal ; No. 1754, Patrick Carr, Gavial; No. 1762. N. Anderson, Stanwell; No. 1729, A. H. Beard, Stanwell ; No. 1785, R. A. Neilson, Stanwell ; No. 1791, Dan Hawk, Cawarral; No. 1802, E. K. Ogg, Cecil; No. 1820, George Grant, Stanwell; No. 1881, C. O'Loughlin, Gavial ; No. 1935, James Hanrahan. Morinish. THE weekly meeting of the Young Men's Mutual Improvmeent Society was held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday. There were nearly twenty-five members present, and the chair was occupied by the President (Mr. A. G. B. Slade). The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, and a member who had been denoted to make inquiries, reported as to the cost of hiring rivers steamers for an excursion. No decision was arrived at. Eight new members were elected. At the conclusion of the formal business several gentlemen gave readings of an amusing character, and two contributed to the enjoyment of the gathering by their excellent rendition of solos, in the choruses of which members joined. Games of draughts and cards were then begun, and served to while away a few minutes pleasantly. On Tuesday evening next a draughts tournament will be held. OUR Immigration Barracks are at present pretty well stocked with new chums, espe- cially young men, able and anxious to set about working in the colonies. There are, also, apparently sober, steady, and respectable married men, with their wives and little ones, keen to get settled down somewhere. We mention this for the information of persons resident in country districts. At the same time we have to remind Clerks of Petty Sessions at inland townships, that it if expected of them they shall assist in finding employment for new arrivals, in their respective localities. We observe from our southern files that the immi- grants are disappearing from the Brisbane Depot since the rain fell, and we have no doubt there will be an increased demand for labour in this district. We hope the authorities will use all the means at their command to assist our new colonists to make themselves useful. OUR Brisbane telegraphic news of Tuesday's date conveyed information of several changes, which are to take place in the Railway De- partment at an early date. It will have been noticed with regret by the friends of Mr. Septimus Davis,chief clerk and cashier in the Traffic Manager's office of the Central Rail- way, that he will shortly leave the town ; but they will join us in congratulating him on his promotion to the position of assistant station auditor. Mr. Mavis has been in the service of the department for eight years, and has been stationed at Rockhampton for the whole of that time. He has been chief clerk and cashier for five years, and in that position had ample opportunity of utilising the experience he gained, while in the employ of the London and North Western Railway Company, which extended over a period of eight years. In future he will be stationed in the metropolis, and his place here will be taken by Mr. Gehrman, who has lately been acting as Traffic Manager on the Northern Railway. 