INTERCOLONIAL. [By Submarine Cable.]. (feom otte own correspondents. ) VICTORIA. Melbourne, January 18. The steamer Flinders left the South Wharf at noon to-day, for Launceston. Passengers — Saloon : The Rev. P. and Mrs Williamson, Miss Williamson, Hon. S. W. Griffiths, Mr Woolcock, Dr. Hud son. Tier. .T, (1 TTnnninir. Mr and Airs Mayey, Mr and Mrs R. W. M'Gre'gor, Mr and Mrs G. P. Buckley, Miss Buckley, Mr and Mrs Haselhurst, Mr and Mrs J. V. Lloyd, Mr and Mrs Red path ; Mes dames Hopkins, M'Kenzie, Lark, Marri son, Knafsey, Richards,- Kennedy, Lowes, Gloed, Hutchins ; Misses Giles, Solomon, Ross (2), Garside, Carney, Hunter, M'Gallum, Cook, Chambers, Lempriere (2), Frith (2), Coghill, Bailie, Pemmys (3), West, Brown ; Messrs. F. Richards, Atkinson, E. Kennedy, Frith, J. Fer guson, A. Collin, T. Ellis, Henbury, Umfreville, Pickles, Tetley, M'Kenzie, Boucher, W. Hiddlestone, Lind, F. Clarke, R. Ikin, Langdon, Jackson, M'Romice, Poole, Grotes, G. Taylor, Austin, Maxwell, Waterhouse, Harper, Gason, Fareley, Ray, A. Coles, J.. Speed ing, Gilchrist, Polts, Arnold, Sayers (2), J. Broundey, Langie, Brearley, C. F. Fraser, Payne, Hutchins, Power ; and 45 in the steerage. The wharf laborers resumed work -this morning. The' Arbitration Board has been appointed, and both parties agree to abide by its decision. The New South Wales Water Commis sion to-day visit the Wimmera in connec- 1 tion with the North - West Irrigation Scheme. A party of five ladies were bathing at Belfast, when one lady got out of her' depth and was drowned, together with two -others who attempted to rescue her. . Rogarty, of the Ballarat police, is susf pended on a serious charge. Crimina1 proceedings will be instituted againt him. The stonemasons' dispute has been settled, the masters having agreed to the men's demands. Beale, apprehended for being con cerned' in the bank robbery, has been identified by the manager e.ntt .other: persons. . ' i Owing to Mr Macors* absence, nothing 1 has been done to afford relief to the Heytesbury bushfire sufferers. The Ji.M.S.S. Tasmania arrived to-day. from London^ via Adelaide. Chief Justice Way, of Adelaide, was a passenger by her. A case of considerable interest to stock brokers is likely to be heard soon. The wharf lumpers started to work this I morning ; the men imported from the adjacent colonics are now idle and knock ing around. xuicc men, lur iuiguig tUB uaiuc ui Mr Malpas to three cheques, have been arrested and remanded. Tenders will Ehortly be invited for leasing the agricultural reserves at Stawell, Ararat, and Wangaratta. Two notorious criminals, named John stone and Ash, have been sentenced at Geelong to two years' imprisonment each j for indecency. A quantity of burglars' ) tools were found in their possession. The Agricultural College's Council re commences their sittings to-morrow. 