WE have received, a copy of tbe fifth annual report of Dr. RENWICK, president of the State Children's Relief Department. This document affords further satisfactory evidence of the beneficial working of what is known as the " boarding-oat" system of dealing with the waifs and strays of colonial society, in contradistinction to the old method of massing these children together in large numbers in two or three huge buildings, where for purposes of discipline and management a rigid and mechanical uniformity of routine had to be maintained altogether at variance with the conditions of ordinary home life. Under the " barrack" system the State can scarcely be said to have stood towards outcast children in loco parentis; if it did so in any sense, it was assuredly rather in that of a stepfather than in the place of a natural parent. The children received food and clothing, and were prepared in some way for the battle of life before them, but they certainly lacked the most valuaable, most essential preparation, in that they were debarred the opportunity of forming home ties and home associations, or of realising in even the crudest form the benign influence of wholesome family life. Under the new method nil these serious disabilities have been removed ; the State child loses his identity as an outcast, and merges it in that ot the family to whose care he is allotted, with tbe result that he goes out into the world under auspices nearly, if not quite, as favourable as those governing the career of any other youth in the same rank of life. The advantages of the boai ding-out system were fully pointed out in this journal at the time of its inception ; they have from time to time formed the subject of comment as the new plan was matured and developed; and we have now to call attention to the still larger measure of success that has been ob tained during the past twelve months. In estimating the success of the Department there are, of course, two points to be considered. There is first the question of finance; and although it might not unreasonably be urged that the immense moral and social advantages resulting from the boarding-out system would more than compensate for a considerable increase in cost, yet still, in the present condition of the finances of the colony, any needless expenditure would furnish cause for criticism, if not for censure. Fortunately the Department can well afford to be judged from the standpoint of economy. The new plan is not merely relatively or comparatively, but absolutely, cheaper than the old. In the year before boarding-out was adopted the Government paid to Randwick Asylum, £14,177 ; Protestant Orphan School, £3964; Roman G&t;&olic; Orphanage, £4498. Thtitt were also payments to the Benevolent Asylum, and other expenses, bringing the total outlay up to £24,826. Against this the total expenditure of State Children's Relief Department for last year was £17,801, and a sum of £?65 for maintaining the balance of the children to be boarded out from the Orphan Schools, or a total of £18,566—an actual saving of £6260 per annum as compared with the expenditure in 1880. The extent to which the State has been relieved of its dependent children may be further judged from the fact that in 1881 the pressure upon the institution was becoming 60 great that it was considered necessary to expend large sums in enlarging the Roman Catholic and Protestant Orphanages—an outlay which, of le, has now turned out to be useless. If, however, the operations of the Department have been successful in one direction, they have been attended with still more satisfactory results in the other. In the boarding-oct of State children, everything depends on the judicious selection of fosterparents J and in this regard the greatest care and judgment must evidently havebeen brought to bear. The children in nlmost every instance become to all intents and purposes part and parcel of the families to which they have been allotted. They learn to love the foster-parents as much as if the tie between them had been natural instead of artificial, and the fact that the affection is mutual is abundantly proved by the reluctance with which the guardians usually receive any proposal to take the children away. In many instances the payment made by the State has been foregone in preference to consenting to such removal; and in one case cited the foster-parents voluntarily submitted to a pecuniary loss of £200 by giving np an hotel business in which they had embarked in ignorance of the fact that State children were not allowed to be boarded out with hotelkeepers. The appearance of the children at school, their behaviour, their general attendance, and their progress, are all favorably reported on; their whole surroundings, in fact, going to show that there is nothing to differentiate them from other children. This is truly the most valuable, most thoroughly satisfactory result that could be expected, or even hoped for j and with certain Randwick and Biloela experiences to refer to as a guide, it may safely be said that no Buch result oould ever have been obtained by a perpetuation of the barrack system so long in force. THE RIVEB.—The Murray yesterday was 6ft. over summer level. THE RAINFALL —The rainfall for the week was 2 8 inches, bringing the total lor the year up to 28 37 inches. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—The secretary requests ns to acknowledge the receipt of J£10 10s. irom tbe Shire of Towong. DEATH OF AN OLD MINER.—Mr. P. Kilraartin, one of the oldent miners in tbe Adelong district, died on Friday night. CBOWN LANDS AGENT.—The Gazette announces the appointment of Mr. Frederick Marsh as Crown lands agent at Narandem. To CORRESPONDENTS.—'" J.M."—The horse under the circumstances was properly regarded as a starter. "Inquirer," Brookong.—Your tank contains 1333 yards. SCHOOL CHANGE'S.—Miss A. M. A. Curran, teacher of the Public School at Quat Quatta North, has been promoted by removal to the Wagragobilly Public School. MORE TIME FOR LDNCH.—A circular has been issued intimating ihat civil servants taking luncheon outside'their offices, will be allowed an hour for tbe purpose. RENEWAL OF LICENSE—A renewal of license was granted to R. Rixon on Tuesday tor the Racing Club Hotel. Several billiard licenses were also renewed. A transfer of license for the Walbuodrie Hotel was granted from James Galloway to John M'Callum. MINING AT YACKANDANDAH.—A considerable impetus appears to have been given to mining enterprise at Yackandandah by the results of boring operations with the machine lent by Mr. John A. Wallace. On Monday last no less than SO claims were registered at Allan's Fist. FIRE HEAE WODONGA.—The residence and store of Thomas Peach, hawker, of Murrayflats, near Wodonga, was totally destroyed by fire about 5 o'clock on Friday morning. Very little was saved, the fire being so eudden. The property was partly insured in the Imperial Company's office for £150. ANOTHER SHIPPISG DISASTER.—The following telegram reached us yesterday :—" A collision has occurred between the steamers Ellen Nichol and Keilawarra oft south of Solitary Island. The latter foundered in 10 minutes. Forty lives were lost, including the captain and also three Of the crew of the llllen NicholL" ALBURY DEtiisdHER VBRELN.—The nominations for the three handicaps, viz., Albury Handicap, Hurdle Rice, and Licensed Victuallers' Prize, will close on Saturday, llth inst., at the Globe Hotel. Nomination f it the Alburv Handicap is 7*. 61, for the other two races 5s. each. Each of the handicaps is open to all comers. RIFLE TROPHY—Mr. T. H. Slater, of Deanstreet, has given a verv haudsomc cup as a trophy to be competed for by the members of the Albury Reserve Corps. The cup is to be won twice by one competitor at two separate matches. The conditions are—Seven shots each at 100. 200, and 500 yards ; regulation position. The cup is now on view at Mr. Slater's shop. ALBURY RESERVE CORPS.—On Tuesday last Sergeant-Major Liggins completed the course of musketry instruction for the Albury corps. Sergeant Cbedgey has been temporarily transferred to another district, and pending his return a fresh drill iustructor will probably be appointed. A squad of recruits has just been started, so that the present is a good time for new members to join. MR. LYNE AND MH. HAYES AT GERMANTON. —On Wednesday last the Hon. W. J. Lyne and Mr. J. Hayes, M.L.A., paid a visit to Germanton. Mr. Lyne made a lengthy speech, and Mr. Hayes also addressed the electors. Both members met with a good reception. A summary of Mr. Lyne'a address will be found in another column, a full report being held over until next issue. Mr. Lyne visits Corowa to-morrow. BREACH OF THE LICENSING LAW.—Oa Tuesday last George Jackson was summoned for a breach of the Licensing Act by f ailing to maintain his premises at the Mill Hotel, Howlong, up to the standard required in the matter of accommodation. The defendant pleaded guilty, and Senior-sergeant M'Guffie deposed that the house was in a very dirty condition. The local constables also deposed that the house was badly conducted. The license was cancelled. MR. H. Auflii,—Some persons having circulated a rumor to the effect that Mr. H. Aubl, for some years in the employ of the Railway Department at tbe Gerogery station, had been dismissed from the service, we have much pleasure iu bearing testimony to the fact that Mr. Auhl resigned his appointment, and that on leaving he received the certificate only awarded to those employes who have conducted themselvesjin an exemplary manner. UNSOUND MIND.—A man named Michael Corcoran was brought up yesterday at the police court on a charge of being of unsound mind. Dr. Andrews deposed to having examined the man, who had on three previous occasions being committed to gaol for medical treatment; witness was of opinion that Corcoran was of unsound mind, the result of epileptic fits, to which he was subject; the fits were due to an old fracture of tbe skull. The defendant was remanded for. medical treatment. TRUCKING YARDS AT YERONG CREEK.— Mr. Day has received tbe following letter :— " Department of Railways, Sydney, November 17, 1886. Sir,—Referring to the memorial presented by you from stockowners, in which it is asked that a small trucking-yard may be erected at Yerong Creek, I have the honor.to inform you that directions have been given for a sheep yard (consisting of hurdles and a race) to be erected at that 6tation ns early as possible.—I have,&e.;, CHAB. A. GOODCHAP, Commissioner for Railways." THE WATER SUPPLY. - At the Council meeting on Wednesday night the Byr-law Committee submitted a code of bye-laws for the regulation and management of tbe water supply. The code, which will be found in another column, was received and adopted and the Council Clerk was instructed to send it to Sydney to be gazetted. It will be observed that the new regulations are rather stringent, prohibiting the use of the water by hose, even lor laying the dust, except where the supply is measured and paid for by meter. COACH ACCIDENT.—A rather awkward accident, and one which might very easily have been attended by fatal results, happened on Thursday, tbe 2nd of December, to Messrs. Crawford and Co.'s Upper Murray coach. The mishap occurred near Bungil, when the coach by some misadventure came in contact with a tree so violently as to throw out some if not all of the passengers. Mr. T. Gray was one of the summarily- ejected occupants, and be met with a severe shaking. Mr. Shelley another passenger, received a nasty lacerated' wound on the forefinger of one hand. WODONCA RACES.—At the sale of booths, &c.;, for the Wodonga races on Boxing Day the following prices were realised .--Grand-ttind booth, £22, Thomas Johnstone ; No. 2 booth £20, do.; entrance to grand-stand, £6, John Simmons, gate, £17, William Silk ; right of grazing for one year, £10, Thomas Johnstone • refreshment stall £1 10s. Henry Stead ; fruit stall £2, do. ; No 2 fruit stall, £1, do. right to sell cards, 15, Ryan and Taylor. The sale was conducted by Mr. John Strickland, and Mdes am ° Unt realhed ' S below tbat of former THE NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE. — Mr. Day M.L.A., has received the following letter " Department of Public Works, Sydney, 22nd November, 1886. Sir,—I am directed to ac* knowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th. inst. on the subject of accepting tenders for erection of Custom-house, Albury, and to inform you that the matter has been referred for the report of the Colonial Architect, and when the necessary information has been received, a further communication will be made to you.—I have, &c.;, JOHN RAE, Under Secretary." CHILTERN SaittE COUNCIL.— The Shire Council of Chiltern must surely be troubled by rowdy visitors, when necessity has arisen for the framing of the following by-law :— " Any person not being a councillor who shall, having been admitted to any meeting of the council, be guilty thereat of any improper or disorderly conduct, or who shall not leave when requested by the chairman to do so, may be forthwith removed by him, and shall be deemed guilty of an offence. Any person who shall be guilty of the offence described herein shall forfeit a sum not exceeding £5." CHABGE OF RAPE.—At the police court on Wednesday, John Curran, a young man 18 years of age, a eaddler by trade, was brought up charged with forcibly violating a girl named Priecilla Aon Evans. Mr. Wilkinson appeared lor the defcnce. Sergeant Brown deposed: From information received Iarrested prisoner last night at the Market Hotel, between 9 and 10 o'clock; I charged him with committing a rape on one Pri6cilla Ann Evans on the night of the 6th inst; he replied, " All night." To Mr. Wilkinson: Prisoner has never lieen charged with any offence to my knowledge before. At this stage the prisoner was remanded until Monday. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. — The regular monthly meeting of the committee was held on the 2nd inst. After the usual routine preliminaries, correspondence was dealt with as follows :—From Very Rev. J. Dunne, applying for the use of the hall in race week.— To be informed that the application would be referred to the new committee. From Mr. W. Murdoch, resigning the auditorship. Mr. F. Manning was appointed in lieu of Mr. Murdoch. The 8<>cretary was instructed to order a copy of Mr. Farrell's poems. From Mr. C. Ten Brink, asking for the use of the hall on Christmas night for a concert. It was decided to let the hall for a week, including Christmas Day, for £33. Various accounts were passed for payment, and the meeting closed. f THE SMOLLETT-STREET BRIDGE.—The resolution for paying £350 into the Colonial Treasury as half the cost of the Smollett-street Vitilge, was duly moved by the Mayor on Wednesday evening last, but in its original form found no seconder. Some discussion ensued, in the cause of which the general opinion appeared adverse to any precipitate action, and ultimately an amendment was carried, on the motion of Alderman Thorold, in favor of shelving the matter for a fortnight, with a view in the meantime to ascertain how long payment of the £350 could he delayed without risk of the vote lapsing. Alderman Griffith contended that it would be better to spend the £350 on drainage, as a work much more urgently needed than the erection of the Smollett-street bridge. STOCK MOVEMENTS. —1500 merino sheep Yambla to Burrangong, Gell Bros, owners; 150 fat cattle from Nangus to Victoria, Jenkins owner; 780 merino ewes from Round Hill to The Rock, P. Kerin owner; 1300 merino ewes from Round Hill to Kyamba, G. Power owner; 1530 mixed merino sheep from Corowa to Albury market, Bank of Australasia owner; 1000 store bullocks from Queensland to Gippsland, James Tyson owner; 2970 fat and store- sheep from other districts to Albury market, various owners; 260 mixed fat and store cattle from other districts to Albury market, various owners; 250 mixed fat and store cattle from Victoria and Albury market, various owners ; 1160 merino wethers from Hawksview to Barnawartba, IL Richardson ; 1600 do. from Bowna to Bo:m :illa, W. Pearson, juur. ; 520 mixed merino *heep from Albury to Corowa district, W. II. Cotesworth ; 486 in<xed sheep from Albury to Tarra Yarra, J. Wanklyn. THE NEW COUNCIL CHAMBERS.—On Wednesday evening the Borough Council met for the first time in the new quarters. The large room formerly used by the telegraph operators is now employed as the Council chamber, and having been cleaned, repaired, and decorated, makes a very bright and pleasant hall of meeting. Another room has been set apart for the use of the Mayor and committee*, and a third for the accommodation of the Town Clerk. The whole work of renovation has been very creditably carried out by the contractor, and the general appearance of the chambers is the subject of very favorable comment. Some plain but substantial furniture has also been provided, and the general effect was considerably heightened on Wednesday evening by the tastetul disposition of some handsome vases of flowers on the mantelpiece and elsewhere. At the cloBeof the meeting the Mavorcongratulated the aldermen on the change in their quarters, and subsequently invited all present to drink success to the new chambers in a glass of Krug. UNIVERSITY EXAMINATIONS.—In addition to the list of candidates published in our last issue, the following were also successful. The candidates were all from St. Patrick's Col leg a, Goulburn, 19 pupils of which institution passed. " A " denotes higher division, b " lower div'tiion. The numbers represent the subjects. "1" represents history, "2" geography, "3" English, "4" French, "5" German, "6" Litin, "7" Greek, "8" arithmetic, "9" algebra, "10" geometry, "11" chemistry, "12" physics, "13" geology. Successful candidates ; — Richard Timothy Daly : 2, a ; 3, c ; 4, b; 5, b ; 6, b ; 7, c ; 8, c; 10, c; 13, c; 14, c. Joseph Wilfred Dwyer : 3, c ; 4, b ; 6, b ; 8, b ; 10, b ; 11, c j 16, c; 18, b. Frederick William Tietyens : 2, c; 4, c ; 8, c: 10, c. Edward Aloysius Patrick Walsh : 1, c ; 2, c ; 3, c ; 6, c ; 8, c ; 10, c ; 16, b. Foster Henrv Cooper : 8, a ; 10, a ; 12, b. Paul Stanlev Crowe : 2, a ; 8, b; 10, b. William Patrick Vincent Dwyer: 1, b ; 8, b ; 10, b ; 12, b. Peter Leopold Ten Brink : 1, b; 2, b ; 8, b ; 10, b. William Alfred Walshe : 3, b ; 8, b ; 9, b ; 10, a; 12, b; 13, b. PASTORAL AND AGBICULTURAL. — After a spell of intensely hot weather a change took placs on Friday evening, when a few light showers fell. On Saturday heavy rain set in, and continued all day, followed by showers at intervals on Tuesday and Wednesday. The heavy downpour of Saturday has interfered seriously with harvesting, and is likely to do considerable damage. The hay crop was for the most part cut, and in these places where it had not been protected it will be discoloured, even if it is not altogether spoiled. The wheat harvest had not commenced, but the heavy rain has nevertheless done much injury to the crops. The latter, owing to the favourable character of the season, were unusually heavy, and in many places they have been levelled to the ground, so that stripping will be impracticable and much extra labor will be entailed in harvesting, even if the crop is not seriously injured. So far as the pastoral prospects of the district are concerned, the change has been beneficial. The rainfall has imparted a new spriug to the pastures, giving promise of an abundant supply of feed throughout summer, and it has further been of use in extinguishing a number of bush-fires in various parts of the district, which but for the timely downpour would have done very serious damage. Stock remain healthy and in good condition, and the water supply generally throughout the district is abundant. ALBUBY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Friday, Henry Saggers was summoned for a breach of the compulsory clause of the Education Act. Defendant was fined 2s. 61. on each of the two charges, and costs. John M'Lennan, similarly charged, pleaded guilty, and was fined in the same penalty. The defendant Saggers intimated that be should not pay the fine and costs, and on being told that he must go to gaol in default of payment, said he would go to gaol for six years rather than pay. J. Baker v. John M'Lennan, claim for £3 12*. for wages. Mr. Wilkinson for the plaintiff. Defendant stated that he had engaged plaintiff for one week only, at £1 per week. At the close of that period he had told plaintiff he could stay for a time looger if he liked for his own convenience, and be paid him the £1 due to him ; as plaintiff stayed, in defendant's opinion, rather too long, defendant told him he had better go atid look for work. A witness named Whittle gave evidence to the effect that about a fortnight previously plaintiff had come to him and engaged to chop wood for him, informing witness that he had left Mr. M'Lennan and had been paid for the work done for him. An order was made for the payment of £1, with £2 2i. professional costs and 4*. lOd. costs of court; in default of payment, levy and distress. ALBURY HOSPITAL COMMITTEE :—A meeting of the committee of the hospital was held on the 2nd inst. Mr. Turner occupied the chair ; the other members present were Messrs. Dight, Schmiedt, Thorold, and Abercrombie. A letter was read from the Treasury, intimating that £100 had been paid in to the credit of the committee. A letter was read from the proprietors of the Age, stating that the paper would be supplied free of charge.—To be acknowledged with thanks. The secretary reported that he had sent circulars to the various clergymen of the district in reference to collections tor the.hospital, and that he had received £2 121. 61. from the Rev. Pastor Abrens, of Walla Walla, lit; also reported having received a letter from the Very Rev. J. Dunne, stating that a Sunday in January would be appointed for hospital collections at St. Patrick's. The report of the superintendent showed the number of patient* treated during the'month. Tne folio viug accounts were passed for payment :— Salaries and wages, £53 3J. ; Sigg, £3 9j. 7d.; Dulley, £2 8*.; Connors, £3 64. 91.; Friedman, £9 17s. 21.; Gas Company, £2 15s. Id. The following members of committee were appointed to cauvass tor subscriptions :—M«ssrs. Thorold, Schmiedt, Dight, and Turner. The medical officers submitted a list of instruments required for the use of the institution, to the value of £100. It was decided to obtain quotations from various wholesale houses in Sydney and Melbourne. In connection with the hospital, we may add that the secretary has received £10 from Messrs. Eiddle and Balme, and £1 the result of a football match among shearers on the station ; also £1 from " New York Fisherman." PRIZES FOR NEW SOUTH WALES WINES.— By the last mail the Colonial Secretary received a letter from the Agent-General in Lrndou, transmitting a copy of a letter from Mr. Burgoyue expressing his desire to give three prizes of 10 guineas each for New South Wales wine. Following is a copy of Mr. Burgoyne's letter :—" 6 Dowgate-hill, E.C., London, October 12, 1886. To Sir Sml Samuel, C.B. Sir,—I am desirous of offering a prize for New South Wales wines, and as you have taken so kind an interest in thiB industry I would aBk to be permitted to present it through you to the society in Sydney by which it is best represented. I therefore enclose a cheque for £31 10s., to be awarded in three annual prizes of £10 10s. each, upon terms similar to those upon which I have given prizes to the Horticultural and Agricultural Society of Adelaide and to the Jubilee Exhibition. The competitors should, I would suggest, be confined to growers of the exhibits, and the bulk from which the samples are taken should be in the grower's hand at the time the award is made. The object of this is that with the credit of the award shall be coupled the names both of the successful producers and ot the viueyarda. The exhibits should represent at least 500 gallons of wine, and the price should be named aud taken into consideration by the jurors. As I am desirous that Australia shall successfully compete with the great bulk of the continental wine sold here, the standard and price should be kept within the range of the public pocket, t e., at a price to make the wine popular in England. The wines should be beverage style or ordinary dinner wines, as for these, and these only, is there a largelv increasing demand.—I am, &c.; (signed) P. B. BURGOYNE." CATTLE SALE-YARDS AND MARKET DUES.— The following memorial has been presented to the Echuca Burough Council. Ic will be observed that among the signatures are those of firms said to be in favor of the construction of municipal sale-yards in Albury :—" Melbourne, 4th November, 1886. The Mayor and Councillors, Borough of Eshuca. Sir and Gentlemen,—We, the undersigned, stock agents of Melbourne and other places, having learned that you have in contemplation the erection of municipal cattle sale-yards within your borough, and to charge market dues on all stock sold within your borough boundary, jointly and severally we beg to remonstrate against any such action being taken by your Council. We have for some years past been in the habit of selling both sheep and cattle at or near the Echuca railway trucking yards, to which the Railway Department have not demanded nor have they made any charge. We have adopted this course because it id convenient for us to do so, and we shall in all probability continue to pursue the same course, providing there is no attempt made to impose market dues. If, on the other band, your Council should resolve on making a charge on stock offered forsale by us within your borough, we shall be compelled to remove our business to Moama or Rochester, either of which places will suit us equally well; but to submit to pay market dues, neither our constituents nor ourselves will agree. If our business is worth anything to your town we shall be content to hold our sales there as heretofore, but we will not pay dues wben equally goo l accommodation is offered us elsewhere and without any charge.—We have the honor to be, Bir and gentlemen, your obedient sarvants—Peck, Hudson, and Raynor ; Ryan and Hammond ; King and Co. ; George Howat; Ricbard Gibson and Co.; Powers, Rutherford and Co.; Raleieb, Aitken and Co.; Dougharty, Son, and Parker; FiRken, Gibson and Co.; J. C. Walker and Co." EJECTMENT CASE.—In the police court on Tuesday the case of T. JET. Mate v. George Stephenson and J. Thorpe was called on. Mr. Emerson for plaintiff, Mr. Chauncy for defendant. This was a summons to recover possession of the shop in Dean-street occupied by Mr. G. Parker. Mr. Emerson explained that under a tease dated 16th January the land had been let to Mr. Joseph Johnson for six months at a rent of 35per week. At the end of six months a fresh agreement was made, under which JohnBon became a weekly tenant at the same rent. Since then Mr. Johnson had assigned his estate to the defendants, who had been served with notice to leave, but had not left. Mr. Chauncy, for the defence, took exception to the jurisdiction ot the court. The defendants lived in Melbourne, and had never been in Alhury. If, therefore, an order lor costs were made agiinst them, it could not be enforced. There was no such thing as " backing" a summons of this kind for another colony. Mr. Emerson, in reply, said that the absence of any power to enforce payment of costs bad nothing to do with the case. The ourt had power to deal with the summons. Defendants were still in possession, by their agent, Mr. Davis, and the notice and the summons had been served on him. He was not aware that personal service was needed. The Act was quite clear as to the summons beiug served on the tenant or occupier. Mr. Chauncy contended that the Bench's authority was derived under the Justices Act, which allowed the Bench to deal with persons committing an offence" within the jurisdiction" of the court; but defendants were not, and had uever been, within the jurisdiction. If the court could not enforce compliance with one part of its order, it could not eniorce compliance with another part. An occupier mi^ht be made defendant, but defendants had never beeu in occupation. Mr. Emerson said that they had occupied by their agent. Mr. Chauncy argued that the summons must be served personally at the residence or last known place of abode of the defendant, and quoted Jervis' s Act on the point. Mr. Emerson rejoined that plaintiff was proceeding under the Tenants' Act, which set forth that the service might be on the " wife, servant, or some other competent person " on the land. At this stage of the proceedings Constable Frith proved the service of the summons on Mr. Davis at the Albury Hotel. Mr. Chauncy said this evidence puc the plaintiff out ol court, as by Mr. Emerson's own argument service "on the land" was necessary. Mr. Emerson admitted that the service was not good, and the ca^e was struck out. Mr. Emerson applied for the case to be continued without further fees, and tbe application was granted. TIGEB M'MAHON.—Thomas M'Mahon was again brought before the City Police Court, Melbourne, on the 2id inst., in connection with the Blashki jewellery robbery. The principal witness for the police was a young man named Cornelius Williams, who related in the detail the way in which the erime was, as he alleged, planned by M'Mahon—how M'Mahon sawed the shutter away, and how the window was then broken with a brick and the jewellery abstracted. Alter tbe robbery M'Mahon disappeared from Melbourne, aud was sought for and eventually arrested in New South Wales. Detective Lovie and Mr. Henry Blashki, son of P. Blashki, repeated the evilence they gave on previous occasions, and the youth Cornelius Williams a!S3 repeated in detail in tbe way in which be positively asserted M'Mahon acted as the principal in the robbery. Archibald Oliver, the young fellow who was acquitted in the hijgher court of the crime, was then examined, and declared he had not seen M'Mahon on tbe evening preceding the robbery ; but the woman Johanna Murphy, who was the next witness, said he was at her house with M'Mahon. Edgar Leonard, who was billiardmarker at the Otago Hotel, Flinders-streef, and William Carter, licensee of the Albion Hotel, Chapel- street, Praban, aUo repeated their evidence. William Harrison, who is now serving a sentence fur the robbery, was produced as a witness, but flatly refused to give evidence. Archibald Skelton, policeconstable at Jerilderie, New South Wales, said he arrested M'Mahon at Yarra Yarra station on 11th ult. After the warrant had been read, M'Mahon said," I will convince you I am not the man wanted when I am brought before a magistrate." Afterwards M'Mahou made two desperate attempts to escape. They were tifteen mileB from a lock-up, and it was whilst they were endeavouring to get a horse for M'Mahon to ride that he made the attempt. He was placed in the Germanton lock-up, and remanded to Melbourne. When he was searched a silver chain was found on him. A horse aud bridle he had iu his possession before his arrest he had sold for £2 10s. He said his name was Thomas Oliver Westwood. To M'Mahon : You were branding sheep at the station, and the manager and the squatter (Mr. M'Laurin) said they were surprised at the charge, as you had been a good workman and well-behaved man; they said they would employ you again, even were you convicted ; you profe6Bed your innocence to Ihem. The prisoner, who said he had been villified throughout, was committed for trial. POISONED BY TINNED FISH.—The numerous cases of poisoning from eatiog tinned provisions (says the Narandera Argus) were I supplemented by an instance which terminated fatally at the hospital on Friday morning. Tbe deceased, Andrew Dodd, aged 37 years, was a fettler residing on the Hay line, about 25 miles from Narandera, and he was admitted to the institution on Thursday, suffering from poisoning caused by eating some tinned salmon. When admitted he was in an exceedingly critical condition, but under the treatment of Dr. Mitchell he improved so far as to induce hopes of bis ultimate recovery. On Thursday night, however, he became worse, and sinking rapidly died early in the morning. ACCOUNTANT.—Mr. D. B. Gardner, lately with the firm of Edmondson and Parker, has commenced business as an accountant in offices at tbe Commercial Buildings, Dean-street. DENTISTRY.—Mr. G. R. Hall will be in Albury on Tuesday next, 14th December, and may be consulted at M'Camey's Club Hotel. Mr. S. De Saxe will be iu Albury on Saturday, the 16th, at the Globe Hotel. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this issue :— Messrs. J. E. Roberts and Co. announce seasonable goods in all departments at low prices ; Hahouga races on Boxing Day ; Gundagai races 17cb and 18th March ; Mr. Harris has removed his hairdrcssing rooms to opposite Hayes's Mill ; Messrs Campbell Bros, hold a special Xmas sale ; Mr. M'Callum has taken tlie NValbundrie Hotel; Messrs. M. Friedman and Co. announce n?w goods for Xoaas; Urana races on Boxing Day ; G. Dallinger and Co., wheelwright, &c.; ; Boxing Day races at Forest Hotel, Jindera; snorts at the Missouri Tavern, Gerrgery, New Year's Day; races at Burrumbuttock New Year's Day ; races at Cookardinia 27th December ; excursion fares on Soutnern Railway; tenders for alterations to Mulwala Public School ; tenders for bridge near liowlong; Oddfellows' sports on New Year's Day ; hotel and store to let; Christmas-tree and sale of gifts in aid of Wesleyan Circuit Fund 21st and 22nd December; Town Common meeting at Germanton 22nd December ; sale of booths for German festival on Saturday ; Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. sell'store cattle at Wodonga; Mr. P. J. Walsh opens chemist's shop nest month ; Progress Committee meeting at Glenroy 18th December ; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. sell furniture to-morrow; Messrs. Ohenery Bros. 6ell fat and store stock at Tallaugatta 16t.h and 17th December ; Middledale estate sale postponed to 18th December ; races at Burrumbuttock 1st January ; furniture, &c..; of Mill Hotel, Howlong, forsale; Messrs! J. H. Gray and Co. sell fat stock on Wednesday; Messrs Gordon aud Gordon invite tenders for work ; 17 bul'ocks lost; Messrs. C. L. Griffith an l Co. sell overlander's outfit on 22nd December ; Mr. H. Hayes, of Wagga, is a cash buyer of wheat; Mr. W. H. Kasterhy is a buyer of wheat; Mr. L. Solomon Bells furniture 17th December ; horse lost, reward ; farm produce bought by Mr. Buchhorn. 