THE F.OREST RANGES FIRE. A case which should have the effect of impressing strongly on those who light fires for the clearing of scrub or other lands the need of great care and fore thought in making their arrangements, was tried at the Adelaide Local Court on Monday. Mr. William Bungay, a mar ket-gardener at Forest Ranges, preferred a claim for £400 against Mr. Clement Sabine on account) of damage re sulting to the plaintiffs property from a fire started by the defendant in March last on the section known as the 'Woolshed Block.' Public notice was given by the defendant of his intention to light a fire to clear his section, and it was supposed that every precaution would be taken to prevent the spread of the flames to neighboring properties. The fire, however, was not confined to the limits originally intended, and Mr. Bungay was one of the principal sufferers from its exten sion, great damage being done to the fruit trees on his land, besides which he suffered considerable loss through the destruction of fencing and grass. The jury decided in favor of the plaintiff, and awarded damages to the amount of £302 18s. 6d. The defence to the claim was that every reasonable precaution had been taken to keep the fire within control, but that an unexpected gale arose which carried the flames beyond the Woolshed Block in spite of every effort to \- retard their progress. Moreover, it : was urged that the defendant had been guilty of contributory negligence. ( The facts of the case, however, satisfied i the jury that Mr. Bungay was entitled to : compensation, and it is hardly open to i doubt that substantial justicq has been ! done. The danger involved in lighting fires in the country during such weather as was experienced in March last scarcely requires comment. The law and common sense alike demand that landowners desirous of clearing their land of '.scrub, stubble, or rubbish should be extremely careful not to place their neighbors' property in jeopardy. In the case under notice it appears that the number of men employed to control the fire started by the defendant would have been more than sufficient had proper precautions been taken to clear an open space around the land to which it was intended that operations should be re stricted. Instead, however, of the ample width required by the Bush Fires Act being ploughed or otherwise cleared of imflammable material, the defendant contented himself w|fch making a clearing quite inadequate |6 the re quirements of the case, and the result was that the fire, being favored by an exceptionally high wind, rapidly gained the mastery. It would be hard indeed if owners of property injured by fires started under such circumstances had no remedy at law. But it is to be hoped that Wie decision arrived at in this case will bring home so forcibly to the minds of people proposing in future such operations as those carried out by Mr. Sabine the importance of the re sponsibility they incur, that 'occasion Jwill not often arise to chronicle shniliar cases of neglect. At present there is reason to believe that the salutary provisions of the Bush Fires Act are not observed so generally as they ought to be. Con victions under that -Act involve the imposition of penalties which alone should be sufficient to secure compliance with the law ; but when it is seen that the careless may also be punished by having to pay compensation for wrong done to private individuals through their neglect, it is reasonable to hope that the effect will be to ensure much more ready obedience to the requirements of the Act than is now exhibited. 