Camperdown Chronicle. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21, 1886. CURRENT TOPICS. The attention of advertisers and sub- scribers is again directed to the fact that the Chronical will be issued on Friday next in lieu of Saturday. Advertisments will be received up to the usual hour on Thursday. There will be no issue on Wednesday, 28th inst. Shortly after the defeat of the Minister of Mines for Ballarat East, we were in- formed on good authority that there was a probability of our member, Mr. W. H. Uren, receiving a portfolio in the Government. This statement has to some extent been confirmed, and it is not at all unlikely that our popular representative will soon be a Minister of the Crown. Mr. Uren's appointment would give general satisfaction, not merely to his own consti- tuents, but to the mining community. His political position, too, is perfectly safe, so that in the event of his taking office, no one would undertake the risk of opposing him for Ripon and Hampden. The settlers at Scott's Creek and Cow- ley's Creek complain bitterly of the apathy displayed by the Government in the matter of rabbit extermination. It seems that no reasonable efforts have been made in that locality to destroy the pests, and they are consequently working great destruction on properties which are not yet secured by rabbit proof fences. The settlers are of the opinion that the shire inspector should do his duty in this respect, and compel tho Government to take the necessary action before the winter season sets in. A complaint has appeared among the horses in this district which greatly resembles stringhalt. On one large property several head of horses that were to have been sent to market have been detained in consequence of this complaint. The disease, if such it can be called, seems to bo very general throughout the Wes- tern district. Competent authorities give it as their opinion that it is l rought on by partaking largely of camomile and dandelion, and the cure is said to be im- mediate removal to fresh pastures. The animals affected generally recover the use of their limbs after the change. The weather lately has been terribly dry, and unless rain falls soon, a disas- trous season is apprehended. The coun- try is looking bare, and in many cases households are put to great straits, in consequence of the scarcity of water. Rain has threatened several times during the week, but none has fallen It is tantalising to read of heavy downpours in other parts of the colony,and to have not a drop falling in this district. A CORRESPONDANT writes drawing atten- tion to the alleged disgraceful state of the water supply at tho rear of tbe Mechanics' Institute. The trough is frequently dry of late on account of the heavy drain on the spring, and on several occasions parties going to water their stock have been com- pelled to go to some other supply. The approaches to the pump and the trough are also in a very bad state, and there are several holes in the vicinity of the former. A spouting fixture is required for the pump, and a lamp would be useful at night to enable residents to see what they are about. It is also pointed out that the cover over tho tank is in a dangerous con- dition, and requires to be renewed. The anniversary services of the Wesleyan Church, Camperdown, were hoeld on Sunday, when impressive and appropriate sermons were preached by the Revs. Mr. Jolly and Mr. Crook, the newly appointed ministers to this circuit. Last night, in continuation of the services, there was a tea-meeting in the church. The tea was catered for by Mrs. Skjellerup in a highly satisfactory manner. Several relays had to be provided for, but there was ample for all. The ladies who presided over the two tablrs were Mesdames Matthews, Hall, and Harrison and Miss Malcolm. After tea the usual public meeting was held at which there, was a large attendance. The church was taste- fully decorated far the occasion by Messrs. Crook and G. Harrison. To-night there will be a tea-meeting at Cobden. The anniversary services of the Wes- loyan Church, Cobden, will be continued this evening by a tea-meeting to be held in the Temperance Hall. A public meet- ing will subsequently beheld, at which several addresses will be given. About a dozen members of the Camper- down Mounted Rifles are going down to- the review at Queenscliff. Five or six members proceed to the camp this morn- ing to erect tents and otherwise arrange for tbe encampment. The remainder will leave to-morrow, when tho horses will also be dispatched. The consignments of stock from this district are weekly increasing. On Mon- day they were as follow:—Cattle, 2 trucks to Lyons, Geelong. Sheep—7 trucks, Fisken,Gibson and Co.; 5, Mates.Bennett and Hart; 2, Dal. Campbell and Co."; 1, Stratford, Strettleand Co. : 7 from Weerite to Fisken, Gibson and Co. There were two special trains. On Tuesday the consignments of cattle were—4, Fisken, Gibson and Co. ; 8, A. M'Lean and Co. ; 6, Ettershank and Co.; 1, Geo. Howatt; 1, Dal. Campbell and Co. One truck of horses was also forwarded to Mr. Hoyt, Sale, and 12 trucks sheep to the Refriger- ating Agency Company Newport. There were two specials yesterday. To-day there will be one special train with 10 trucks sheep for Mates, Bennett and Hart. The Heytesbury Forest is now com- mencing to assume a singular but beautiful appearance. The ferns and grass are again springing up fresh and green in the places traversed by the terrible bushfires on the 5th January. Green shoots are springing from the sides of the blackened trunks, showing that there is still life within the apparently withered trees. These green shoots have the appearance of the pendant branches of creepers climbing around the trunks, and on the leaves above are withered, the contrast of colors—black, brown, green etc, is very striking. The athletis sports meeting to be held at Terang on Easter Monday promises to be most successful, and it is likely to attract to the township a large number of visitors from the surrounding district. The acceptances and entries are highly satisfactory, as may be seen from the ap- pended numbers :—Maiden Plates, 13 ; Handicap, 23 ; Hurdles, 10 ; Members' Race, C ; Gift, 21. A somewhat singular discovery was made at Rennyhill recently. The men were engaged making an excavation at the foot of the garden, for water supply purposes, when they struck a flow of salt or brackish water. The spot where the discovery was made is nearly on a level with the house, and will there- fore be about 300 feet above the level of Lake Bullenmerri. The Rev. Father Nolan officiated at mass at the Roman Catholic Chapel, Camperdown, on Sunday last. During the course of the service Father Nolan ex- pressed the pleasure it gave him to see them all again after his visit to the ' beautiful little island,' Tasmania." He had gone over there for the benefit of his health, and was pleased to say that be came back greatly improved. The annual match with a team from the East Melbourne Cricket Club, will be played on Friday and Saturday next. The following players will repre- sent the Camperdown club:—C. Henry, H..C. Hueston, W. R. Mackinnon, S. M'Arthur, E. M'Arthnr, J. H. Thornton, A. J. Black, Thomson, C. Neylon, J. Neylon, J. Curdie, P. W. Tait, J. B. Tait, W. : M'Donald, T. Manifold, C. Manifold. Play will be commenced at 12 noon sharp. An Industrial School lad named Cole- man, residing with Mrs. Smith, at Cobden, had his arm broken on Saturday through some wood falling upon him. He was brought into Camperdown, where the bone was set by Dr. Pettigrew. Tbe Camperdown Bicycle Club, will meet for a run to Mackinnon's Bridge this evening. At the Colac Police Court on Friday, before Mr. Heron, P.M.. and a bench of magistrates, W. Frith was charged with having stolen a gun, the property of one James Howarth. There was no evidence to support the charge, and the case was withdrawn. A similar charge was entered against George Massey, and after hearing the evidence, the Bench gave the prisoner the benefit of the doubt, and discharged bim. The chief attraction in the shape of amusements at the Melbourne theatres during the Easter holidays will be the successful and amusing comic opera by Gilbert and Sullivan, "The Mikado," which has now been running at the Theatre Royal for ten weeks. In defer- ence to many requests from intending country visitors, this the greatest success ever known in Australia, will be played nightly during the holidays. Visitors to the city cannot do better than witness this performance during their stay in Mel- bourne. The estate of the late Edward Adie, of Colanter, Pomhorneit, has been placed under the charge of the curator of the estates of deceased persons for manage- ment during the month of March. The estimated value of the estate is £200. Good Friday will he observed as a Sunday in the local post and telegraph office, and no business whatever will be transacted. The Colac Herald reports the death of Mr. John Moloney, an old and respected resident of the Pirron Yallock district. He had been ailing for about a week, but his condition was not deemed serious, and although medical advice was obtained it was thought that he would soon regain his usual good health. Duties at the State school, Camper- down, were temporarily suspended yester- day afternoon. They will not be resumed until Monday, 3rd May. The Minister of Agriculture has under consideration the advisability of enforcing more vigorous action among farmers in destroying tbe Californian thistle. Both farmers and owners of land have been negligent in the matter, and thistles in many districts have made great headway. It is contemplated to confer enlarged powers on shire councils, and to provide less cumbersome machinery than exists at present for putting the Thistle Act into operation. The officers of shire and borough councils will be empowered to enter upon private lands, and call upon the owner to take measures for the destruction of thistles. Tenders are invited for some shire works. Messrs. Nelson and Hose intimate that furniture can be obtained at their ware- house. In consequence of the holidays there will be no sale at Messrs. Nelson and Hose's yards on Saturday next. Mr.Thornton notifies that in consequence of the Easter holidays, there will be no sale at his yards on Saturday. Allotments of land, on cheap and easy terms, in Laverton, the "new and model suburb of Melbourne," may be obtained from Messrs. Staples, Wise and Co. 