THE SECRETARY'S MANIFESTO. The hon. secretary (Mr. F. Rae) of the Camperdown Relief Fund, caused copies of tho following letter to bo tent to the editors of the principal newspapers in the colony:— Sir,—l am instructed by the central > coihmitteo .of the Hnytesbury Forest firs relief fund to enlist your aid in support of the steps now- beinn taken to raise funds for the purpose of relieving the distiess caused by tha recent fire in the Heytesbury forest. Space and time will not permit my giving details, most of which have already appeared in the press, but the amount of Buffering borne by the poor struggling\ selectors can never, be known to any but themselves. The majority of these people went down to tbo forest but a few" yews ago, taking with them their all, and knowing it would take years to establish a home in such a heav ily timbered country,' they * Bpent what little capital they had in improving their land, enclosing it with" expensive rabbit proof fencing, erecting houaes and sheds, and purchasing necessary machinery. They had just begun to successfully tide over their initial difficulties, whim they were nnfortnnately visited with an exten bivo bush-fire, the like of which has not been known in tho colony since memor able Black Thursday. In a few hours the result of years of toil was swept com pletely aicay, and scores of families wero left punuiless, homelesi, and almost clotlie lt'ss. It was with the greatest difficulty their lives alono were save], and many a father tit the present time is partially blind from the scorching which his ejes received in his endeavors to save his little ones from the flames. Many a child, too, is confined to lied from burns. In the case of a poor little isirl, the bolo camo completely off her foot and shrivelled up like dried leather. This was caused through having to travel for mile* over the burnt ground to reach a place of safety. The day of fire was suc ceeded by a night of storm to tht full force of which mauy families, verq ex- 'posed. VithaiiMradßUanßCaaiaraa possible the ■uferi«gs «aased by this terrible disaster, a central committee has been formed in Camperdown for the pur pose of making an appeal to the colony at large/ Pressing necessities have been re lieved by food and clothing from our im mediate neighborhood and Warrnamboul, but pecuniary assistance is needed to again set the people on the land. The committee earnestly solicit your co-opera tion in raising subscriptions. The hon. secretary of the Relief Fnnd Committee has received the following communications:—"The Manse, Mortlake, Dear Sir,—On Sabbath I invited contribu tions to this fund at Morthke and Hexham, and up to date have received £215s Gd. I enclose cheque for £22, as I hope to receive further contributions. I hope yon will be largely supported in your good work.—Yours, sincerely, W. M. M. Alexamdeb." "63 Bridge street, Ballarat East, "Dear Sir,—l observe with regret that our friends in t'<e Heytesbcry forest have met a sad visitation. I had the pleasure of receiving their hospitality on the occasion when self and other councillors were the guests of your rail way league. Their co-operation with the league on that occasion was such as to be admired. I much re;ret the cause you have ip hand.—Yours, faithfully, W. Score, Mayor." 