DISTRICT NEWS. HAREFIELD AND BRUCEDALE. (FROM A TRAVELLING CORRESPONDENT.) W« are never satisfied, and are endowed, as poor Artemus Ward U6ed to say, with a considerable amount of human nature. In this instance, however, the plaint that there is too much grass has a strong leaven of reason in it—people are afraid of bush-fires. I am inclined to think "that the word of warning cannot be too frequently uttered. The lighted match thrown at hazard may result in loss of property to an alarming extent, and whether smoker or otherwise, now is the season of caution. Mr. C. J. Bedman has sold his holding of 1280 acres to Mr. Hugh M'Alister, the price realised being £2 6s. per acre. I don't know that our morals are improving, but picnics in aid of churches are certainly in the ascendant. Be it so. Given a people who take rational enjoyment with' a view of benefiting their respective clergy, and I will venture to say that you will have an orderly community. Demand for harvest hands is on the increase, and travelling cattle are daily reported as migrating from north to south, principally in large mobs. The residents of Marrar Crossing (between here and Coolamon) have petitioned the postal anthorities for a receiving-office; and as the need is apparent, their prayer, no doubt, will be granted. 1 would gladly see more colonial wine used instead of the spirits we commonly drink, and which in most instances arc very vile. My continental education has developed a taste for these beverages, and I can but regret that they arc not in more general use. Messrs. Shepherd, of this place, and Beattie of Cartwright's Hill, near Wagga Wa?ga, both make excellent wines, which I have tasted. A cool draught of clear, white wine, not too sweet, but of sufficient body, leaves no after-taste in the palate ; and no doubt public attention should be directed to the use of these drinks through the columns of the press. Our neighbours at Junee Junction gave the " Salvos" a rather warm reception, and I scarcely wonder at it. A religion whose disciples 60 frequently figure in tbc law courts mast of necessity lose its power; and yet there is much to be admired in the organization. Its " Prison Gate Brigade " is one of the noblest institutions of a Christian country, but I fear (and it is matter for very deep regret) that these daily recurring scenes, in and out of barracks, must bring the Army into disrepute leading the thoughtful section of the community to treat its members as we are apt to treat the unfortunate of the opposite sex—sincerely pity while we pass them by. 