PUBLIC MEETING AT WARRNAMBOOL. (Abridged from the Standard,) A meeting convened by the Mayor of the town and president of the shire was held in the Oldfellows' Hall on Saturday evening, commencing at five o'clock, in connexion with the movement to relieve the sufferers by the recent bush fires. The Mayor occupied the chair, and remarked that they were all doubtless aware that the meeting was called in order to see what steps they should take to relieve those people who had suffered by the late bush fires. Mr. Glasgow said that he was simply going to tell them in as few words as possible what had come under his own observation during the last few days. They all had heard of the bush fires in the Heytesbury forest, and a good deal had been said in the newspapers about them. He might apologise in the first place for the Shire Council not taking action sooner. He had talked over the matter with some councillors, and they had agreed that it was time enough to step in when it was learned what amount of damage had been done. He now found that the sufferers by the fires were very much in need of help. They started early on Thursday morning for the forest, and had gone through all the burned country. On Thursday, they started from Allans- ford, crossed Curdie's River, and saw several places where the bush fires had been. They got a lot of reliable informa- tion from people who were burnt out and neighbors, and reached Port Campbell that evening. On Friday, they passed over Cowley's Creek, Scott's Creek, and on to Cobden and Camperdown. They started from Cnmperdown that evening, and reached Mackinnon's creek bridge, and returned on Saturday through the Laang forest. He did not intend to take up their time with particulars about in- dividual cases. They would be dealt with by the committee. It was enough for him to say now that the people in the Heytesbury forest needed help. The selectors there possessed great hearts, and they were a very useful class of the com- munity. They had shown great energy in opening up the forest and were doing good, of which the next generation would reap the benefit. The fire had swept away their work for years. The selectors were thankful that the people were willing to help them. To a certain extent the fires would do good. Those people whose houses and fences had been burnt would suffer, but the district, as a whole, would be better for the fires. Many of the selectors would not be able to stay on their land, unless they were helped. They had had hard work to make a home, and it seemed a great pity that they should now lose all. There were no cases of real destitution, and he did not believe actual want existed for 24 hours. Those who had escaped the fire, immediately went to theassistanceof the distressed. They had visited 20 families who had been actually burned out, and a number of others had lost fencing, &c.; The fencing was of a good description down there, being a kind of stub fence, rabbit, and wallaby proof. It would be an expensive fence to put on the Farnham Survey, but would not be so expensive down in the forest where timber was so plentiful. As he had told them, he called at Camperdown on Friday even- ing, and when there he interviewed one or two of the leading men in connexion with the relief movement. Mr. Walls was not at home, and he saw his son. He also saw Mr. Rae, the secretary of the relief committee. They both thought that the Central Committee should be in Camper- down, and that the other committees should appoint delegates to co-operate with the Central Committee. In the course of conversation they agreed that care must be exercised so that those who needed the relief most should get the money, not those who made the loudest outcry. Those who made the most out- cry were often the least hurt. At Terang he saw Mr. Duigan, and his opinion about having the Central Committee at Camper- down was the same. Mr. Rae told him at Camperdown that the Colac committee would not agree to a general fund for the district. As Colac had refused to work with them, Warrnambool and Camper- down need only to devote their attention to the Heytesbury forest. There were several cases at Wangoom, and he had heard of a fire at Winslow. Perhaps, someone could tell them if in any of those cases help was needed. When going through the Laang forest, he had found that there were three very bad cases there. Mr. Chick had been completely burned out, and Mr. Whiting had had a narrow escape. John Flynn had lost everything, and he was a poor man really needing assistance. Andrew Fogarty's place was badly burned. When he told Fogarty the object of his visit, Fogarty said—"l'm thankful to God I was not burned myself, my clothes were burned on my back." He was in good spirits still, and if he would take assistance he should receive it. The simple fact he had to tell them was that the people needed relief. The Mayor said that the next step for them to take was to form a committee to canvass the district thoroughly, and to see that the money was justly and wisely spent. He thought that it was a great mistake Colac did not join in with them, so that they could have one general fund. If anyone had any method to propose for working the district, he would be glad to hear it explained. Mr. Glasgow said that it seemed to him, and those he had spoken to at Camper- down, that as Colac would not co-operate with them they would have less difficulty in apportioning the money. The district was large enough to be divided into two. The Mayor asked how about the Mel- bourne fund. Mr. Glasgow said that the Melbourne committee could vote each district what proportion of the amount they thought fit. The Mayor said that the whole of the Town Council had been formed into a relief committee, and they were already canvassing the town. Something like £1000, he believed, was the total amount collected up to the present time. Mr. Vickers had told him that 33 people were completely burnt out. Mr. Glasgow moved that the meeting sympathise with the sufferers in the Heytesbury forest. It was only necessary to put the motion as a formal one. They all sympathised with the sufferers, but what was wanted was practical sympathy. Dr. Beamish seconded the motion, and said that he had been struck by the re- mark Mr. Glasgow had made that the selectors in the forest had large hearts, and in truth they had. He had attended several meetings held in that hall for the purpose of taking steps to relieve people who were in distress through no fault of their own. They held a meeting to relieve their brethren in India, and on another occasion to send relief to operatives in England, who were thrown out of work through the American war having caused a scarcity in the supply of cotton. Another meeting was held to express sympathy on behalf of their Irish brethren, who were in great distress through the failure of their harvest. There had been a liberal response on these occasions, and now when a number of our neighbors were suffering through no fault of their own, there should be a still more earnest response. The sufferers in the forest district had a special claim upon them— their distress had been caused by the worst of masters, the most ruthless of destroyers, a forest fire. He seconded the motion, and hoped they would unite here and make a very earnest effort to relieve those who so sadly and suddenly had lost the means of sustenance. Mr. Barber moved that the meeting recommend that the Shire Council act in conjunction with the Town Council as a Committee. Mr. Mack suggested that the Shire councillors should canvass in their respec- tive ridings. Mr. Mack pointed out that the meeting was a small one, and they could not ap- point parties who were not there. No time should be lost. Pressure should be brought to bear upon the Colac com- mittee to induce them to co-operate with the other committees. It would be well to have the central committee in Camper- down. Mr. Glasgow said that the Shire Coun- cillors would take their fair share of the work. He suggested that Messrs. W. Anderson, M.L.A., G. P. Barber, and R. Skilbeck should be added to the com- mittee. Mr. Anderson said that he would be quite willing to devote a fortnight to the work, but there was a meeting in Mel- bourne on Wednesday about the bush- fires, and he wished to attend it, to give information respecting the damage done. He suggested that the services of the ladies should be sought. Three ladies at Koroit had collected between £50 and £60 in a few days. Mr. Glasgow remarked that either that meeting was too late, or the canvassing had been commenced too early. It was never too early too relieve actual distress and hunger, and that had been done im- mediately. They now wanted to ascertain the whole damage. Unfortunately, too, the fires were not yet out. He had not intended to remark, and did so with reluct- ance, that if a very large sum were col- lected, the fires might burn longer than otherwise. It was time enough now, not a day too late to canvass for subscriptions —if anything too early. A motion was then passed appointing the Shire Council and Messrs. Anderson, M.L.A., Barber and Skilbeck a committee, and recommending that they should act with the Town Council committee. It was determined to send a circular to the Borough of Koroit, asking the Mayor to attend the meeting, and any other councillor who could make it convenient. 