Some time ago we published some in teresting letters from Mr SERJEANT and others calling attention to the great loss of gold which now occurs in our mining operations, and suggesting an enquiry by a Royal Commission of competent persons into the improve ments in mining machinery and in the modes of mining procedure in Europe and America. The decline in the gold yield in Victoria of late years is so great and its consequences to the colony and the world at large so dis astrous that any suggestion for arrest ing the decadence of mining is worthy of sympathetic attention. There seems to be a common assent to the state ment that a large percentage of the gold contained in the ores treated in this colony is lost, and the interesting question naturally arises whether the whole of this loss is unavoidable. In America, in some parts of Germany and other countries, the mode of treating mineral matrices has occupied the attention of scientific and practical men, with what precise results is not very well known to the miuiug public of Victoria. It appeared to us that the period of the Colonial Exhibition in London would be an opportune time for dispatching a small commission of mining experts, who in addition to carefully noting all the new inventions which might be exhibited at the Indian and Colonial Exhibition would person ally make themselves acquainted with the latest appliances, and modes of procedure in the mining districts of Europe and America. The cost of such a commission would be but trifling, and no great harm would have been done, had it been without useful results. But it is inconceivable that no-where, even in those European districts where the Government spares no expense in bringing to bear the inventive faculties and the scien tific attainments of the foremost men in the country on the advancement of mining and the discovery of more economical processes, that absolutely nothing would be learned which could be of use to miners in Victoria. We consequently urged the appoint ment of such a commission, and the matter was brought ’under the notice of the Government by Mr Bell, M.L.A. Strange to say, so harmless a proposal was met with opposition in a certain quarter, in which it was argued that as everything in connec tion with gold mining was better understood in Victoria than in any other part of the world the proposed enquiry was uncalled for, would be a use less expense, and be calculated to cast a slur upon the attainments of our own mining managers by assuming that they did not necessarily know everything that was to be known regarding their occupation. We need hardly say that few if any of our mining managers are so puffed up by a vulgar sense of self-sufficiency as to imagine that they have reached the extreme limit of human knowledge, beyond which further progress is hope-: less. Certainly, no claim to such finality was put in, but, on the con trary, some of the most highly in structed and experienced of our mining i managers heartily supported the pro posal for investigation, and contended, properly enough, that it was absurd to suppose that we had as yet reached the best attainable mode of treating auriferous ores when we tvere forced to admit that in the process of reduction we lost from 25 to 50 percent, of the gold originally contained in' the stone. Most sensible men will admit that we ought not to be satisfied with. such a result, or regard it as one, which human ingenuity' can never excel. On. the contrary, we, may expect-con tinual experiments in various regions of the world, our own colony included, ( until the problem of how the lost gold may be saved shall be solved. In another part of our issue to-day we publish a letter from Mr Phillip ■Davids, a gentleman well known ’ in this district as a mining authority, and he, notwithstanding his extensive ex perience as a mining manager, does not feel reflected upon at all by the pro posal to despatch a commission of en quiry to Europe and America. “I think,” he says, “ that if Mr Bell suc ceeds in carrying out his laudable pro position he will confer a lasting benefit upon the people of Victoria, as also the other colonies.” Mr Davies sees that we lose a vast quantity of gold annu ally; that we do not know how to avoid the loss, which tells against the pros perity of the whole people, and he would not be above taking a hint in respect to improved methods of treatment even from a foreigner. Mr Davies has made himself personally acquainted with mining and min ing machinery in America, and points ' out that in respect to the latter the Americans are in some respects far in advance of our selves, and that we have much to learn from them. Why should not the American improvements in mining machinery as described by Mr Davies, .be ascertained by a Royal Commission, ;and placed before the mining com .m unity of this colony ? When we thus find that there is knowledge that we may avail ourselves of in America, we must repudiate the theory that this colony has had during the last 30 years a monopoly of mechanical invention as applied to mines. We may assume, consequently, that Germany and the' other European countries have not stood still in the matter of mining appliances any more than America; and. it is quite possible, there fore, . that a commission such as we proposed would discover in oper ation some ingenious contrivances, which, although apparently too insig nificant to be noised throughout the world, might yet through their adop tion here, “ confer a lasting benefit upon the people of Victoria.” It is not to be expected that a roving com mission would discover any absolutely marvellous mode of treating mineral ores. What we might reasonably hope for would be that the Commissioners would pick up in the course of their travels here a little and there a little, and that this information in the aggre gate might lead to a considerable in crease in our annual gold yield by diminishing the excessive waste which we now deplore. Apart from the good work which a Royal Commission on mining might do by the collection of useful information abroad, it might render services of no small value by enquiries in the colony itself. Nothing can bo more obviously neces sary .--t the present time than an im partial enquiry into the best modes by which encouragement may be given to the mining industry by the State. The manner in which the prospecting vote is now distributed in small sums to individuals and companies suing, in forma pauperis, through members of Parliament, is not only useless for the ostensible purpose for which the money isgiven, but isasource of demoralisation. A Royal Commission, after taking evi dence, would be able to recommend a course which would really devote the Government grant to the development of the mining resources of the colony. The commission would be useful in other ways at the present juncture, and we trust, therefore, that it will be appointed as soon as the present political complications have been re moved. The lamentable effects of that form of social war known as strikes are being illustrated by the present lumper dis pute in Melbourne. The influence of the strike is gradually extending. The shipping owners have determined to lay up eight steamers, and thus de prive of employment a number of men whose wages in the ag gregate amount to £2250 per month. Meanwhile freights have been doubled, the result of which proceeding will be that the inter colonial trade will be checked, and the producers of the goods usually exported will suffer. Should the strike con tinue for any length of time most dis astrous consequences will ensue to the public generally, and to the working classes of Melbourne in particular. A failure of the sup ply of coal will inevitably lead to the suspension of operations at many of the factories, with the temporary loss of employment to the operatives now employed in them. It is very much to be regretted that the dispute has not been referred to a committee of conciliation, and a fair settlement arrived at. An advance in wages or a reduction in the hours of work of any class must needs fall upon the general community in the long run, in the shape of an advance in prices, and the great evil of strikes is that they aim at suddenly revolutionising the conditions of industry without affording time for a distribution by the employers of the new burden imposed upon them. Where contracts have been entered into on the basis of a given rate of wages, it is evident that a sudden rise in the rate may be ruinous to the contractors. The sooner some mode of settling trade disputes without recourse to either strike or lock-out be adopted, the better it will be for all parties, since not only do the combatants inflict grievous in jury upon each other, but upon work men in other occupations, who are no parties to the dispute. The weather yesterday was exceedingly oppressive; in fact, the day was a regular “brickfiehler.” The sun ‘ registered 931 degrees in the shade, and 14S degrees in the sun. Added to this was the discomfort caused by a fierce hot wind blowing through out the day anil raising clouds of dust. The heat during the afternoon was most stifliu"-, until about half-past 5 o’clock, when the wind changed to south-west and hlew cool. It, however, broughtover the City thick olouils of smoke such as obscured the vision and un pleasantly affected the eye-sight. At about 6 o’clock the atmosphere was so dense from this cause that the sun appeared of a beauti ful crimson bus, which it retained until the smoke became so thick as to com pletely hide it from view. By the modern camera and appliances in his possession, Mr Oiiuck, photographer, of Sturt street, photo graphed the sun, anil a copy will be sent to the Melbourne Observatory. The proverbial “oldest inhabitants” talked over the general appearance of the city, and agreed that for years past such a sight had not lieen wit nessed in Ballarat. So dense was the smoke that buildings could not bo discerned. at 3 00 yards’ distance. At night the dwellings were literally filled with smoke, and at the- Academy;'of Music if so beclouded "the, atmosphere that at .times the stage was scarcely visible to the audience. liush fires were raging - at almost all; points of the compass. At Mount- r Warrenheip the bush was on fire; while at Trunk Lead, between .Ross’ Creek and Boleyn, and also at Black Hill, Camghara, there were extensive fires burning. The scrub at the back of the Hew Cemetery was alsostatcdto bein flames. Fears were at . one time entertained that the unfortunate Chinese lepers at the lazaretto were in danger, but it was sub sequently found that these fears wore ground less. . At about midnight the smoke had somewhat abated, but the atmosphere was still heavily charged with it. Passengers by the night trains informed us that the air for almost the entire distance between Geelong and Ballarat was thick with smoke from bushfires. Some interesting items will be found amongst our cablegrams this morning. General Pendergast has occupied Bhamo with a small British force. He met with no resistance on the way, and was cordially received by the inhabitants of the town.:— Nine Arab nuggars,' laden with munitions of war. have been captured on the Nile by the Loti.s gunboat.—M. de Freyciuet has under taken the task of forming a French Ministry, —The quarrel between Serbs and Bulgars promises to be speedily settled, delegates to. conclude terras of peace having been ap pointed by the respective Governments. We are glad to state that there is no truth in the-rumour that a couple of Mr Flood’s children had perished in the fire which occurred in Eureka street, Ballarat East, early yesterday morning. There is nothing fresh to add to the report of the conflagra tion published in The Star of yesterday, beyond saying that the houses, viz., the residences of Mr Flood and a Chinese shop keeper named Leo Moy, wore not insured. A fire broke out yesterday morning in a barley crop at the farm of Messrs Leggo and Son, Dead Horse. Information was brought into Ballarat between 11 and 12 o’clock, and the alarm was given by both fire bolls. A large number of brigadiers mustered, and proceeded out to the scene of the occurrence, in order to assist in fighting the flames. There not being a sufficient quantity of water at the fire for use, the steam engines were not taken. Fortunately, with a good deal of exertion, the fire was confined to the crop in which it originated, the homestead being saved by the‘efforts of the brigadiers and other volunteers. It will be remem bered that last year a similar fire broke out at Messrs Leggo’s farm, by which consider able damage was done. The death is announced in Melbourne of Miss Gilbee, sister of the late DrGilbea and of Mrs Bennett, wife of the Bridge street jeweller and watchmaker. Miss Gilbee, who was well-kuown in Ballarat, had been ailing only a short time. It was rumored last night in Ballarat that the railway station buildings at War renheip had been totally consumed by fire, but on enquiry we were informed that there was no ground for the report. Local firemen have latterly found some difficulty in fixing hydrants at some of the plugs, owing to obstructions in the shape of stones and gravel having been put around the gear of the pings by children. In time of fire these obstructions tend to cause delay, and a correspondent thinks it would be well, therefore, if householders and pro perty owners were to be empowered -to inspect plugs and report when they consider they are not in good working order. Lee Moy, the Chinese herbalist and store keeper, whose house in Ballarat was destroyed by fire yesterday morning, has lost pretty heavily by the conflagration. On Monday morning lie drew £l)3 from a bank in the city, placing the money upon his arrival home in a box in a room. When the fire broke out, Lee Moy was unable to enter the room to save the money, which with numerous other articles was consumed. Subsequently, and before the flames had been got under, the unfortunate herbalist became very excited, and lie made several attempts to rush into the fire in order to “ catchem money.” Had it not been for the action pf the police, Leo Moy would have thrown himself into the burning mass, and on one occasion a constable had some trouble in restraining the man from rushing headlong into the fire. The poor Celestial was yesterday in a very weak state. A sad case of destitution came under the notice of the police yesterday, the sufferers being an old man named George Watson, SO years of age, and his wife, who is over 70 years of age. The aged couple reside at Mount Pleasant, and are at present the recipients of rations from the Benevolent Asylum, but as neither husband nor wife is able to assist the other, the food supplied was just about sufficient to keep body and soul together. The old man is insane, and a certificate to that effect was given by Dr Morrison, who examined him yesterday; but he was in such a low state of health that his removal would have been attended with danger. The old woman was also found in a very emaciated condition. Every care is being taken of the couple, but for the present no steps can be taken to procure admission for the old wan into one of the asylums. It is stated that Mr Ross, the champion ploughman, is about to join the ranks of the Benedicts. On Thursday next ho is to be mariied to Miss Fisher, the daughter of a well-known resident of Minors’ Rest. The average depth of the water in Lake AV endourc-e at present is 4 feet 4 indies. Shortly before Christmas the depth was 5 feet 01 inch. There is no truth in the statement that the Mayor of the Town has decided to stand for Ballarat East at the next election. ’ Mr Scott has not yet been asked to come for ward, and it is said that his friends would prefer his remaining in the back ground for the present. The strong north wind that blow yester day did some little damage in the City. The orchards suffered severely through half matured fruit being blown off', and the wall of the Rojal Highlander hotel (which was burnt a short time since) was blown down. Mr Kortlang, who was once well known in aquatic circles in Ballarat, and who was for a time connected with Messrs Horsley Bros. Criterion House, was yesterday at Christ Church Pro Cathedral married to Miss Wright, a young lady highly respected in this City. Mr Clegg, of Sydney, nephew’ of the well known Sturt street grocer, will be married to-day to Mias Nichol, daughter of a boot warehouseman in the City. The ceremony will take place at St. John's Church, Soldiers Hill. That veteran “ sport,” Dr King, had a good day’s fishing at Burrumbect on Mon day. Conspicuous in the haul was a trout which turned the scale at 3J lb. At the City Police Court yesterday morn ing, three lads, named Peter Duggan, Alfred Griffiths, and Beitie Diivey, were brought up charged with stone-throwing in the streets. The boys were cautioned by the bench and discharged. Samuel Fortune, charged with lunacy, was, oii the certificates of Drs Morrison anil Jordan, committed to the Ararat Asylum. John Kuoth was pro ceeded against for Sunday trailing, but as the evidence did not prove the case it was dismissed. Three persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness. Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Serjeant and Brophy, J’s.P., were the presiding magistrates. Mr Young, who will be remembered by the Ballarat bowlers as a most generous host, has been elected Mayor of Sydney, aud is about to make anew departure iu the inauguration of his term-of office. Hu pro poses to invite the mayor, aldermen, and councillors of Melbourne, Ballarat, and other cities and towns, together with the chief officers, to a grand banquet in Sydney, at which Lord Carrington will preside. Mr Young will place a special train at the dis posal of his guests to convey them to Sydney aud back. Mr Turpie, J.P., attended at the Town Court yesterday, and dealt with several persons charged with drunkenness. At the Town Court yesterday a woman named Watt was fined .10s, in default three days in gaol, for drunkenness. It was shown that the offender,, while under the influence of drink, had used very bad lan guage,and had given her little boy a cruel beating. Town Council authorities had two tank carters employed ju the work of water ing the streets yesterday, aild Mr Furlong, of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, also assisted in the street sprinklings by -using a hose in various parte of the town. ■ . We are informed that the ratepayers occu pying No. 6 channel reserve, at tire corner of Bridge street and Main road, have received notices from the Town’Council plating ts»t it has been decided to call for tenders for the leasing of the, said 'channel reserve. The action of the council has taken several per sons by. snrpnse, among . whom are Miss Robinson, Mr Davies,. and Mr Pittard, who: hre at present paying a yearly rental for : the ground. A petition was sighed yesterday, praying the’ Town Council stay their action, and to adhere to the old condition in respect, to the occupation of the channel reserve in question, ’ Wo observe from an exchange that the threatened strike of tanners and curriers at Geelong has been averted, all the employers hiving agreed to .adopt tho eight hours’ system. This decision has given great satis faction, aud the men have gone on with their work with enthusiasm. The season is now upon us when a word of caution is necessary to sportsmen con cerning the use of proper wads in their guns. Owing.to the use of paper and other inflam mable material for this purpose, many bush fires have doubtless started. In view of this fact Mr B. Hepburn has notified that any person found shooting over his farm or pad docks will be vigorously prosecuted. The example is certainly one that farmers gene rally should follow. Tho contractor for tho erection of tho new public offices adjoining tho Post and Tele graph offices is making good progress with his work. Tho foundation is complete, and nearly tho whole of tho stonework is in posi tion. A largo quantity of bricks are on the ground, and in a very short time the brick layers will ho at work. These additions to the public offices will certainly add to tho imposing appearance of the edifice, aud will also add to tho convenience of the public and of tho officials who arc to occupy the rooms. Wo referred a short time since to the case of a poor girl, the daughter of respectable parents in the Charlton district, who had been niaiTiud to a Chinaman ami taken up her ahodli in tho Chinese camp, Ballarat East, uml whoso mind was unhinged through indulgence in opium smoking. As we men tioned, she was taken in charge hy the Sal vation Army, uml lodged at their Prison Gate Brigade establishment. Yesterday morning she was sent to Melbourne in charge of Mrs Dochorty, wife of Lieutenant Docherty (who is in charge of the home), to the invalid home in that city. Iu tho after noon her aged parents, both of whom arc 70 years of ago, came down from their farm to see her, only to find that sho had left for Melbourne. So gratified were they, how ever, with what had been done for their daughter by Lieutenant Docherty, that be fore they left, they handed £2 to that officer, as a donation to the funds of the Prison Gate Brigade. The Victorian Society of Change Ringers celebrated the New Year by ringing on the newly-augmented peal of eight hells at St. James’ Cathedral, Melbourne, when they were assisted by members of the Ballarat, Geelong, and St. Patrick’s Societies. It was their intention to indulge in some long ringing, including the number of the year, but the new bells not being in working order tho plain course only was rung several times. After ringing was over, the company adjourned to the schoolroom, where a sub stantial repast was laid, to which about 40 persons sat down. The toast of “The Visitors” was proposed by Mr Guest, captain of the Victorian Society, who in tho course of his remarks said he hoped the members of the different societies would persevere and bring change ringing to the front. Mr Nedwell responded on behalf of the Ballarat society, and stated that he was authorised hy that body to in vite the Victorian society to Ballarat. Mr Watts also responded on behalf of the Geelong society, and Mr Nolan, on behalf of the St. Patrick’s society. The society, we are informed, intend to attempt the ringing of the 5040 changes that are possible on the bells. Fully 2000 persons visited the Fine Art Public Gallery, opposite Craig’s hotel, Lydiard street, during the Christmas ami New Year holidays. Such an evidence of its popularity must be very gratifying to its promoters, and augurs well for its success in the coming year, as its attractions become more widely known. The president, Mr James Oddie, who has just left for a holiday trip to Tasmania, before leaving added to the valuable collection of paintings already on view tho first of a series of carefully executed portraits in oils of prominent public men in the early days, to be supplemented hy others as they leave the artist’s hands. The portraits at present received are those of Messrs Michael Elliott, J. S. Carver, and William Tnlloeh (of Tulloch, M’Laren, and Cos.) The first mentioned gentleman will he remembered by old identities as the genial manager of the Union Bank in its early days, and young identities will doubtless be pleased with the opportunity to familiarise them selves with his features as being those of the chairman of the first Hospital Committee, which, iu 1855, held its meetings at Bath’s, now Bentley’s hotel, Lydiard street, ami raised funds for the erection of the first wing of our local Hospital. The two latter gentle men were elected members of the Borough Council on 17th January, 185 G, that being the first municipal body formed iu Ballarat. The artist (Mr Price) has very successfully delineated tho features of the gentlemen named, and iu thus assisting to perpetuate the memory of our City Fathers, Mr Oddie adds another to the long list of beneficent and public spirited aotious with which his name stands prominently identified. An old lady named Guthrie, long a resi dent in Watervale, near Adelaide, died on Momlay from sunstroke. The custom of sending Christmas aud New Year’s cards is greatly ou the increase in this colony, according to the postal authorities. The inailinaster at the General Post-offiee estimates that the number of complimentary missives this season has been at least 25 per cent, larger than was the case last year. On Monday night a swagman accosted a stonebreaker on the Learmonth road, about four miles out of Ballarat, as the latter in dividual was leaving work. After choosing his quarters and making his bed, the swag man asked where he could get some water, and on being shown the waterhole left with his “billy,” ostensibly to procure water. As his bed was not slept in during the night the stonebreaker reported the matter to the police, and the • latter were yesterday dragging the hole and diving in it to recover the body of the missing man. Information subsequently gleaned, however, directed their energies into another channel, as it was found that a mau answering to the descrip tion of the missing man had been seen ou the road to Ballarat. It is now surmised that tho old man came to tho conclusion that water was too insipid, and that he procured something stronger, which had such an effect upon him that ho did not return to occupy the bed he had made. Our Ballan correspondent writes:—“A very successful entertainment was given in tho Mechanics’ Institute on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings last, by tho Ballan Amateur Dramatic Club, in aid of Joseph Arkle, who has been suffering for some time past from a serious illness. The house each night was fairly well filled, and the au diences appeared to appreciate the efforts of the performers. The pieces selected wore ‘ Fortune’s Frolic’ and the well-known ‘ Box and Cox.’ The financial result will be a substantial aid to the Arkle family. —Tho animal State school picnic and distri bution of prizes was held on Now Year’s Day at a spot ou the banks of Bradshaw’s Creek, about three miles from the township. There was a large attendance of children, and a good number of adults. The usual sports and amusements were indulged in, and, as is always the case at the school picnics, everything passed off in the most satisfactory maimer. “A Gordon Resident” writes that the local drum and fife hand favored the inhabi tants of Gordon with some beautiful selec tions both on Christmas and New Year’s eve,_ and also discoursed some very sweet music at Lai Lai ou New Year’s Day, elicit ing high encomiums ou their performances. The City of Melbourne Building Society, for which Messrs Brokenshire and Coltman ate the Ballarat agents, continue to report a good business done during tho month of December, ns furnished by the head office, Melbourne, is as follows:—Total receipts, £25,112; loans.granted on freehold proper ties in -Melbourne and suburbs, £24,248; new shares issued, 1132, of which 101 were £5 permanent shares; receipts of savimrs branch, £B4O 10s. - _ A correspondent writes:—“ A picnic was given by the Sunday school teachers of the Presbyterian Church in one of the paddocks of Mr David Clark, Piggoreet, under the supervision of Mr and Mrs Wallace, assisted hy the Misses 11‘Laurme, E. Christie, Fiiin, Percy, and Cleiaison, There were people present from many parts, and a moat enjoy able day was spent. Visitors were treated with the greatest hospitality. Mr Thomas Brown, of Capo. Clear, was the caterer, and gavetheutmost satisfaction. The two Misses Biowii: and' other young ladies from Cape Clear .made themselves very agreeable, which added much to the enjoyment of the day. =■ “The pleasures of Christmas day of ’B5 will hot be forgotten in the district for many years.” > It is stated that the Victorian Laborers’ Society intend holding a mass meeting on Thursday, to consider the advisability of demanding the adoption of 44 hours as a week’s work in place of 48. The members of tiro Masons’ Society have notified -their employers that they will insist upon an in crease in the rate of wages from £2 16s fid to £3 per week after the 18th instant, and the mill laborers and corporation laborers have determined to claim that the eight hours’ system shall bo extended to them after February. A Sydney telegram published in the Arijus says:—“ The sailing vessel Dawn of Hope sank oh Sunday morning outside Port Sorrell with a full cargo of wheat, oats, aud butter. It is understood that neither tire vessel nor the cargo was insured.” Some two years ago a syndicate (writes a Melbourne correspondent) was formed in Melbourne to work certain diamond fields alleged to have been discovered at Bingera in New South Wales, near the Queensland border. From time to time very promising stones had been found, and these had been pronounced by Melbourne and Sydney ex perts to he excellent diamonds, fully equal in many respects to the famous Brazilian gems. As is usual with prospecting, the syndicate had a lot of wearying tedious work to do and large sums of money to ex pend before they saw any prospect of a re munerative return, hut it seems now they are likely to reap tire reward of their perse verance. Some time ago a parcel of dia monds was received from the mine, aud those I had the pleasure of inspecting a few days ago. Some of the stones are of that peculiar yellowish color so much liked by Russian ladies. The larger portion are, however, of the pure crystalline appearance observed in the Collins street jewellers’ shop windows. By the Carthage (says the Melbourne correspondent of the I lor.sham Times) went home a young gentleman who lias created a great sensation in sporting circles during his brief stay in Melbourne. Heir to a for tune of something like half a million, and a ward in Chancery into the bargain, the young fellow .has for a long timebeen doing Iris level best to anticipate his splendid for tune. On the turf he lost very large suras, winding up by leasing a racehorse, riding it himself, aud quietly tumbling off at the finish of the race. At 100, baccarat, billiards, hazard, aud other “ pretty little games,” he has been such a victim that it is estimated he must have over £lOO,OOO worth of bills afloat, all bearing heavy interest. Many of your readers will perhaps have road iu their weeklies the story of his having lost £25,003 at 100 at one sitting at the house of a well known medico. Afterwards the hint was given the loser that the play was not alto gether on the strict Q.T. The sequel was that one of the winners, who held bills to the tune of £20,000, waited on the young gentleman and offered, if a letter were written stating that the money was fairly lost, to destroy the bills. That letter was written and the bills at once thrown into the fire. But the holder of the other £5OOO worth declines to follow suit. Over the last Caulfield race the departing one was unable to settle, but I hear that a well- know n book maker has guaranteed to pay his debts, so that it is evident there are some who be lieve in his willingness and ability to pay when he “ comes into iris kingdom”—in two years’ time. Quite a gloom has been cast over the Ban- Creek district (says the Keiamj Timex) during the past week, death having entered the house of Mr William Ellis, taking him self, his wife, and daughter. Mr Ellis was buried on Christmas Day, his daughter last Sunday, and Mrs Ellis on Thursday. Mr Ellis was born at Helston, Cornwall, Eng land, in the year ISIS, and came to tins country 24 years ago. He and his fafuily were well known and much respected in the Ballarat district for many years, and had made many friends, all of whora were com pletely stunned by the sad and sudden deaths of all three. Mr Ellis was an elder brother to Mr Henry Ellis, Dovecot Villa, Ballarat. Miss Ellis, the only one left out of a very happy family of four, has been taken to Bal larat by her uncle to try and wear off the effects of this severe shock. Amongst the IS warrants for new' Masonic lodges, granted by the Prince of Wales dur ing the past three mouths, are the following in Victoria;—Gordon Lndge, No. 2112, Essendon; Kerang Lodge, No. 2122, Kerang; Gippsland Forest Lodge, No. 212:!, Warm gul; Earl of Carnarvon Lodge, No. 2124, Collingwood; Lodge of St. David, No. 2125, Yarrawonga; Rupertswood Lodge, No. 2120, Numurkah. Warrants have also been issued for several new lodges m Western Australia, Queensland, New Zealand, and New South Wales, including in the last-named colony, the Clmbentmberka Lodge, No. 2110, Silver ton. According to the European Mail, the Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L.C., of Victoria, who has been appointed a Commissioner for New' South Wales at the foithcoming Colo nial aud Indian Exhibition, intends to take up his permanent residence in England. The British Australasian of 2Gth No vember states that Messrs Scott and Cos., of Greenock, have contracted to build five steamers for Messrs Butterfield, Swire, aud Cos., of Shanghai, each of 2303 tons, to inn between Chinese and Australian ports. Already Australia imports direct from China merchandise, to a very considerable value. This is mainly tea; but last year those direct imports into New South Wales were valued at £313,521, and into Victoria at £844,902. The difficulty, so far, has been about the return voyage, there being sandal wood from Western Australia, or heehe-dc mer from Torres Straits, and some miscel laneous items, hut nothing very substantial taken as a whole. Recently we have seen the point discussed whether direct wool shipments to China could not he made; but the matter is doubtful, and there appears more hopes of a triangular trade running from China to Australia. Australia to India, and India to China, than for a diiect service both ways. The China Steam Navigation Company, Limited, and others already have some steamers on the Chiiia-Australian route. An Adelaide telegram says:—‘‘A youth named Whistle was drowned in the Oii kaparinga River while bathing on Sun day.—The body of a man was found floating in the Torrens Lake on Sunday. It has been identified as that of Thomas Harris, late of Silvertou. At an in quest a verdict of accidental death was returned —John Robertson, a baker, at Stir ling West, was killed by a horse falling with him on Saturday night.—Two persons died suddenly at Hergott Springs, one an elderly woman, the other a cook to the resident engineer. It is supposed that the intense heat was the cause.—The weather is terribly hot, and reports of deaths from heat aud by drowning are numerous.” The Minister of Defence has received by the last mail an official letter from the Agent- General, stating that the Morris tubes’ for the heavy guns here, had been completed, and would be shipped within a fortnight from the date of writing. The report from the Model Farm at Cashel for the mouth of December, which has been sent in to the Minister of Agriculture, shows that the wheat crop has not turned out so well as was expected, and that the yield will he four bushels per acre less than that of last year, or 13 bushels per acre instead of 17. The return from oats is better this year than hist, and the crop will average from seven to eight hags per acre. An Argus telegram states that the coach makers in the employ of Clark and Cos., Redforn, New South Wales, threaten to strike unless their demand for eight hours is granted by the-finn. At the weekly meeting of the Sandhurst branch of the Decentralisation League on Monday, Mr H. S. Abbott said ttiat the council should discuss the means by which the Local Government Act could he amended, and ascertain what things could he managed locally instead of by the Wovernment depart ments as at present. He thought that water supply, auriferous lands, and forest lauds could be dealt with' locally. ’ . The j tenders for grazing leases and for agricultural holdings on Rental Islam! have been opened hy the Department of Lauds, There were 107 tenders iu all sent in, and the competition for the right to graze was very keen. There are 43 lots, ranging from 200 to 600 acres per lot, for tender, ami these embrace the entire area of the island with the exception of two lots of 033 acres each, which are hold privately, and which of course were not included in the sections put up for public competition. The Minister of Agriculture has looked through all the DFDGSRRYHJHTJK 