THE DAY'S DOINGS. There are several important sporting fixtures this afternoon, the leading one being the International Cricket Match, the Elsternwick Park Races, and the wrestling match for the Greco-Roman Championship of the World be- tween Cannon and Miller. Our Third Edition, which will be published about five o'clock, will give particulars of the progress of these up till the latest moment practicable, and the Fourth Edition, issued about half-just six, will give details up to the conclusion of each event. In our fourth page to-day will be found some specially interesting reading matter. Among other things there is an interesting sketch of the proceedings at yesterday's Par- liamentary picnic, and a report of an interview with Mr Barry Sullivan, extracted from the Era. There appears to be a general feeling among the suburban municipalities which have acquired the dignity of cities to increase the number of their councillors by division of their respective cities into wards or the re- subdivision of the existing ward in order to meet the demands for more direct representa- tion which have grown up in consequence of the rapid increase of population. The Local Government Act provides that a municipality may have 24 councillors, but as a rule the number hitherto has been nine. Boroondara shire being the only municipality within the suburban radius, which retains the limited number of six councillors. Last year the South Melbourne Council led off by increasing its representatives to 15 councillor. Colling- wood has since decided to follow the example, and steps are now being taken for a redivision of Richmond. A petition is now being prepared under the provision of the Act for this purpose, which sets forth that when the borough was divided into wards tho eastern part was being sparsely populated, now, how- ever, it has become nearly as populous as the western part, and has different interests, find there is no community of interest between thee eastern and western ends of each of the existing wards. It is therefore prayed that the Governor-in- Council will cause the present three wards to be divided by a line drawn along Church street, thus creating six wards to be known respectively as the north west, north east, west central, east central, south west, and south east wards, each returning three councillors. The floating of the Prahran loan in not to be effected without another obstacle being overcome. On Monday next the ratepayers have the opportunity of giving their assent to the project by remaining silent, or on the other hand, of rendering it a dead letter by going to the Town Hall and recording their opposition to it. The act only requires the vote of one-third of the ratepayers to prevent the loan proved being carried out. A public meeting convened by the Mayor will be held this evening, when the matter will be discussed. The Customs department, in the course of their investigation into the recent case of cigar smuggling, have found that the introduction of the cigars without paying duty is only one incident in a large scheme of smuggling. The authorities have become aware that large quantities of other goods have been smuggled and that the Customs department has been deliberately defrauded of large sums in the shape of duty. It was intended to enter criminal proceedings, but it it very doubtful whether this can be done, although the Customs authorities have not the slightest doubt that at least one of their officers has been engaged in a conspiracy to defraud the public revenue. The senate of tho Melbourne University resumed it sitting this morning in the Assembly Hall, Collins street, when the chair was occupied by Mr C. A. Topp. The business transacted was purely of a technical character, and consisted of the "consequential alterations in the arts course." These alterations having been made, and the agenda paper exhausted, the proceedings terminated. The severity of the north wind raging this morning has done considerable damage in various places at Brunswick. The brick walls of some buildings in course of erection in a paddock off Lygon Street have been blown down. A load of bay on it way to Melbourne along the Sydney rood was blown over, the driver having a narrow escape. Several other places were blown down. All building work on scaffolding is suspended, it being impossible for the men to stand against the strong wind. Tiie Ambulance class at the Flinders street railway station, which has been under the instruction of Dr. Springthorpe, will be ex- amined next Tuesday by Dr Warren, of Kew. The Werribee farmers are jubilant at the result of the late heavy rains, which have made them for this season. Had the weather continued dry the major portion of the crops would not have been worth gathering. Serious attention has at last been turned to irrigation in its various forms. Ex-Councillor Agar and Councillor Hobbs are both having irrigation plants erected, the first taking the form of a number of windmills, and the latter one of Messrs. M'Lean Bros, and Rigg's newly- imported. A reward of £2 is offered by Mr E. M. Paul, the Imperial Russian Consulate of Sydney, for the recovery of a gold cable chain bracelet, with slip ring, to which is attached a gold locket, with blue enamel front, set with nine large pearls in three rows. Tho Malvern Bench had little to do this morning other than elect a chairman for the ensuing twelve month, which resulted in the re-election of Mr Robert Hunter, an old an esteemed resident of the district, who has filled the post honorably for a succession of years past. Owing to the strong gale prevailing in the Bay this morning, discharging cargo and the loading of the different vessels at the pier, together with the dredging operations carried on by the Harbor Trust, had to be entirely suspended. Up to noon no casualties among the small boats had occurred. A swarm of beetles pawed over the southern part of Boroondara one night this week. It occupied two hours in passing, and was fully two mile in width. The first intimation received, was an apparent heavy full of hail- stones on the roof of houses; but on being investigated, it turned out to be thousands of these insects coming in contact with the houses during their flight. Some conster- nation was excited amongst the gardeners, lest it should prove the dreaded green beetle, which is so destructive to vegetation. Happily it was not, the swarm being a species of insect apparently harmless so far as gardens are con- cerned. The usual weekly meeting of the St. Patrick' Catholic Young Men's Society was held last Thursday evening in St. Patrick's Cathedral Hall. The President (Mr J. Sum- mers) presided. Tho 24th of February being the seventh anniversary of the society's in- auguration, it was decided to celebrate it by a Fruit and Musical Soiree and Ball. The Council Secretary reported that at a recent meeting of the council of tho Victorian Catholic Young Men's Societies' Union arrangements were made for publishing the proposed quarterly magazine. The following nominations for the half-yearly elections were received:—President : Messrs M. P. Jaguers, J. Summers, J.C. Nolan ; Vice- Presidents (2) : Messrs T. P. Deegan, R. Fannin. J. Hood, M. P. Jageurs, J. C. Nolan; Hon. Secretary : Messrs. M. Davine, C. W. Smithwick : Treasurer : Messrs. T. Davis, M. P. Jaguers, W. M'Cormick, J. F. Daly, M. P. Deegan, J. C. Nolan ; Warden : Messrs. D. Tobin, Hood, Daly ; Editor of Magazine : Mr. J. Hood; Committee: Messrs. Smith, Tonini, Tobin, Charles, Skinner, M'Cormick, Daly, T. P. and M. P. Deegan, Nolan. Hood, Jaguers, Horan, Carrolan, Banson, Culshaw, Fleming, Fannin, Summers, Moore, O'Hagan, Dowling, and Brady. The half-yearly meeting will be held on Thursday, 23rd inst. The lower portion of the new south wing of the Melbourne Public Library, which has been named the Art Museum has been opened with a magnificent display of ceremic and glass ware which is well worth seeing. The various exhibits have been placed in very handsome cases constructed of ebonised wood, and plate glass with gilt mouldings. These cases were all made in the institution under the direction of Mr Barnett one of the officials, who prepared the splendid collection of Victorian woods for the recent Colonial and Indian Exhibition in England, and are works of art in themselves. There are in all eighteen cases, each of which is filled with magnificent specimens, some of which are of exceeding great value. The attention of the Williamstown police requires to be drawn, to tho rampantness of larrikins at North Williamstown railway station, particularly on Sunday nights. Ever since the erection of the new bridge, these dis- gusting hoodlums have made it a vehicle by which they can carry on their filthy practical jokes. These take the form of spitting huge quids of tobacco and juice from the upper portions of the steps on a descending lady. Another form of amusement is to quietly step up behind a lady, aud putting one foot on her dress, go into ecstasies of delight as it tears from round her waist. Mr Juckes, the station master, is at his wit's end. The steamer Bothwell Castle, under the command of Captain R. J. C. Tod from Antwerp via London and Adelaide arrived in the Bay this morning. Having a large quantity of combustibles on board the steamer brought up to the outer anchorage. Very adverse weather was met with from Cape Lenin to Adelaide, but the vessel behaved admirably, and came into port in excellent condition. There were six passengers for this port on board. At Adelaide Captain Tod landed two bears for the Acclimatisation Society. After discharging cargo for this port, the steamer will proceed to Sydney. A farm laborer, from Whittlesea, named Otto Poyser, fell among thieves last night. He had 35s in his pocket, and took a walk along Bourke street. He met a young woman, called Louisa Williams, and went with her to a house in that classic locality known as Heffer- nan's lane. While there a Chinese ap- peared on the scene, and Poyser was robbed in some mysterious way of 35s. To- day he could not give any intelligible or clear account of the matter, and the woman was discharged. Poyser was advised by Mr Call to get back to Whittlesea as soon as possible, as he was safer there than he was in Melbourne. The magistrates at tho Carlton Police Court this morning were doubtful whether they should cause the oath to be administered to a little girl nine years old. Sergeant Carden put some questions to her with a view of sounding the extent of her knowledge of right and wrong, the unseen world, etc. Asked where she would go if she told an untruth, she promptly named the place which some people believe is reserved for the wicked, and her reply to a query as to what her desti- nation would be if she told the truth was not less prompt and satisfac- tory. She was also able to state unhesitat- ingly the name of the author of her being as given in the child's catechism. The worldly sergeant, whose questions had resulted so satisfactorily thus far, seemed disappointed that she was not able to go on and recite the ten commandments. It was gener- ally thought that the child's knowledge of right and wrong was sufficiently clear to enable her to take the oath with propriety, but the magis- trates were of opinion that she should not be sworn, so she made a statement not on oath. A most appalling condition of juvenile de pravity was disclosed at the Carlton Police Court this morning, during the hearing of a charge against Cornelius Noonan of exposure and assault. One of the children, a girl nine years of age, stated in cross-examination, by the accused that both herself and her sister only two years older had made advances to the accused. The children were fairly well dressed, intelligent-looking, and interesting, and the announcement thrilled the listeners with horror. It was fortunate that Sergeant Carden happened to be in the neighbourhood of the Carlton gardens yesterday afternoon, as it gave him an opportunity which hee was not slow to take advantage of arresting an old re- probate named Cornelius Noonan who had been grossly misbehaving himself before some little girls. These old Satyrs look very harm- less when safely caged in the dock, but they are more formidable opponents when prowling about the gardens so long as the police their natural enemies are out of sight. This particular old scoundrel had been detected by a young man named Peake, but no sooner did he see that he was discovered than he produced a knife and made for Peake in a style which soon caused the latter to do some cross country work at a rapid pace. The police officer soon captured Noonan and ran him in. At the Carlton Court to-day lie got 12 months. Richard Walker, well-known as a jockey on the Metropolitan racecourses was charged with insulting behavior, at the City Court, to-day. Walker presented a miserable appearance, and it was evident that he had been drinking heavily. A constable stated that Walker's wife died some little time back, and since then he had given way to excessive indulgence in liquor. He was remanded until Friday next, to allow him time to recover from his drinking bout. A gaily-dressed. young woman, named Made- line Sullivan, appeared in the dock at the City Court, to-day, charged with stealing a gold pin, valued at 30s, from Edward Tom- kins. The latter did not appear, and it was stated by Sub-Inspector Swale that Tom- kins and the accused had been living together as man and wife. Under these circum- stances the woman as discharged. One of those cases which usually lead up to tragic domestic catastrophies cropped up to the Richmond Court this morning, when a laborer, named George Bye, was charged with Assaulting his wife. He had been arrested during the night by Constable Fitzgerald. He had jumped on his wife, who was near her confinement, and stabbed her with a knife, and had expressed his intention of "doing" for her. She was taken to tho Lying-in-Hos- pital, where it was stated that her injuries were very serious. The constable described the state of the prisoner's "home" as most deplorable. There were three little children, and not even a mattress in the house. The children huddled down in a corner on a heap of rags, sleeping in their clothes. On tho ap- plication of the police prisoner was re- manded. Tho only arrivals this morning were the steamer Bethnell Castle, from Antwerp, and the Berean, ketch, from Ulverstone. The following are the readings by Gaunt's instruments:- Barometer, 29 725, falling. Heat in sun to-day, 12 noon, 100 ; in the shade 78\. The highest reading of Gaunt's ther- mometer in the shade, Bourke street, yester- day was 78, and the lowest from 9 a.m. yesterday to 9 a. m. to-day, 69. The highest reading in the sun yesterday was 127. Rain fall, last 24 hours, nil, A new picture by Mr J. A. Turner, a very industrious and painstaking young Victorian artist, is being exhibited in the Art Gallery of Mr Stevens, at 21 Elizabeth Street. It is a companion to a picture which the same artist exhibited some few months ago, entitled "Fighting for Home." which was presented by a Melbourne gentleman to the Melbourne Club. The present production is called "Saved," and graphically presents the scene in and from the clearing around the slab huts of the selectors when the fight with the bush- fire is over. The picture is a fine piece of work, and will no doubt find many admirers, not only among those already familiar with Mr. Turner's work, but among a larger circle. Mrs T. P. Hills announces her intention of giving original and Shakespearean recitals at the Freemason's Hall on Boxing Night. The recital will be under the patronage of Sir Wm. and Lady Clarke. The City Organist will perform the follow- ing selections on the grand organ this evening at 8 o'clock : — 1, Overture, "The Poet and the Peasant," Suppe ; 2. Andante, "The Lost Chord," Sullivan ; 3, Opera Selection, " Norma," Bellini ; 4, Descriptive March, "The British Patrol" (by request), Asch ; 5, Oratorio Selection, "Messiah." Handel, viz., (a) Air, " I know that my Redeemer Liveth (b) Chorus, Hallelujah." Finale, National Anthem. Miss Flo Hall's Company of Lady Minstrels, now performing nt tin Nugget Theatre, has been well attended. The entertainment is somewhat original, and has given much sati- faction to it previous audience. A new pro- gramme will be given this evening, and every evening during the coming week. A grand Christmas festival is announced to be held in the Exhibition Building during the week between Boxing Day and New Year's Day, both included. Judging by the preparations which are being made, and the spirited manner in which they are being carried out, it is likely to be a most brilliant affair, and the managers believe it will turn out to be the biggest draw that the Exhibition Building has ever witnessed. The four acre of ground attached to the building have been specially engaged at great cost, and at night will be illuminated by 10,000 colored lights. Windsor Castle at Christmas time will be re- presented, whilst bells ring in the festive season. Mr Robert J. Aginton, a fancy and burlesque skater recently arrived in this city, has been engaged for this period of the enter- tainment, and Messrs Miller and Victor will appear in various athletic performances. The Horton Brothers appear for the first time in song and dance, and the Kingsley Brothers as trick cyclists. A performance by Professor Schott on 25 drums will be given, and four well-known Melbourne vocalist have been engaged to appear. The entertainment has been got up by the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society. Full particulars will be found in our advertising columns. Tenders are invited by advertisement from first-class bands, in uniform, to play at the Hibernian sports on New Year's Day. Mr Joseph M'Ginty will hold a sale of nearly new household furniture, etc., at 19 Madeline street, Carlton, on Monday next. Mr Francis O'Farrell will sell by auction on Monday, at his rooms in South Melbourne, unredeemed pledges from the district Mont do Piete. The Windsor Band will play to-morrow afternoon on the St Kilda Esplanade. A collection will be made on behalf of the Windsor Fire Relief Fund. We have just received from Mr J. A. Eve, ladies' hairdresser, 171 Bourke street, his annual Christmas card, with some exceptionally good poetry on it. Our advertising columns announce the sale by auction of a family villa on Monday by Mr J. H. Knipe. The house will be open for inspection tomorrow (Sunday.) Mr W. H. Ford writes to say that in the case of Sinnett and Darby and others each party was not directed to pay his own costs. The costs will have to abide the decision of the Full Court on the points reserved. We notice from our advertising columns that Mr. A. J. Smith, bookseller Swanston street, in order to meet the convenience of numerous customers, will re-open his establishment this evening at seven o'clock. In our advertising columns will be found the third half yearly report and balance sheet of the Mercantile Finance Guarantee and Agency Company, Limited, which is to be presented at the general meeting on Wednesday next. An open air meeting for the advocacy of the prin- ciples of total abstinence will be held to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon, as three o'clock, on the Queen's wharf, when addresses will be delivered by Messrs J. W. Coombs, H. Maxwell, J. H. Crawford, and George Hughes. Messrs. Bayle, Shevill and Co. announce that on Monday they will offer by auction, at their rooms, a large collection of Indian goods ; also, an invoice of ironmongery. On Tuesday they will sell a quantity of unredeemed pledges, and on Wednesday marble mantelpieces and register grates, also lager beer. We are desired to draw attention to the intimation in our advertising columns of a meeting of the seat- holders of the Unitarian Church to be held after morning service on Sunday next to receive and con- firm report of organ committee appointed to inquire as to best source of supply and cost of new instru- ment. The handicaps for the various events of the Tem- perance Gala Sports, to be held in the Friendly Societies' Gardens on Boxing Day, are published in another column, each event having a very large entry. The Three Mile Bicycle Race closed with 28, the One Mile Maiden Bicycle with 20, and the 130 Yards Flat Race with 28 entries. Special arrangements have been made by the new Federal store in Flinders street, for the approaching festive season. Permission has been obtained, and this evening the store will open at seven o'clock to afford parents and children an opportunity of inspect- ing the large stock of Christmas presents of all kinds, The store will be brilliantly illuminated, and there will be floral and other decorations. The officers of the Department of Mines and Water Supply have forwarded a tastefully designed card of Christmas greetings and New Year's wishes for the coming seasons. On the left, at tho foot of a steep bank, are two miners, one of whom is bringing up the wash by the aid of a windlass, and the other is washing out his pan. On the right of the inscription is a picturesquely broken waterfall, with lilies on the lake, which receives it. The printing is in gold on an enamelled card, and Is the work of Troedel and Co. 