Ion THE OOMViCT'S BRIBE. I A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. FOUND ED 0 N f A O T. f CH.Jl'TBll X* (Continued.) . . Ij FB.IX01S A. DUUIVAOn, f, AttTHOIt OF \\.v"I&e;, Jfralher'M' fivn.cl," "a i, ost i|f Cj ? I" I'oiilctroj ," ?tc. [? "Poverty. I liavo a lonR journey to make r —ivowgcol montliB—ntid it requires money, ; ihundred pounds." tj "Then you'll havo to give it up,' - said |; '??': VfJati. ".Where are the hundred pounds '?? fe>soma from?" : , $?~; "l ask you for it, I beg it of you. to bovo i .jottr child's life. I must go to Australia. 1 ; ! mast bo near my husband. It is the last : Juror I will ever. ask of you. I will novor IU6 to you for another ponny, for another tnorsol o! bread. Do this and bo rid of me forever. Alasl alasl I know now that jou never loved mc." "And why should I love you ?" "You ask why a father should lovo his only child I" "Youaronot my child." "Not your child I" . "No. And it your own father casts you off, why bhould you oxpeot that I could bo ?oBivoet on you!" Oarmelino saw that ho had bean drinking deeply, and wa3 uncertain how muoh truth thera was in what he said. < But ho went on in the same strain. " Your father miijhl shell out the needful, bat it is not very likely." . " Of whom ore you speakinf?, sir ?" "01 his grace, the, Eirl of Elwood." Carmeline was certain now that her sup posed fathor did not know what bo was say ing. He kept ohuckling and laughing, and repeating: "Ay, ay, ths Earl ot Elwood, the Earl of Elwood. A peer of tha realm—holda his head as high as a prince of the blood-royal. Wouldn't acknowledge a poor devil of an innkeeporaa his brother- in-law, not he. If 1 could only prove—but no matter IHo shelled out pretty liberally though." "What are you saying about the Earl of Elwood, sir?" "Nothing, nothiDg. Go to bed; don't bother mo to-night. A hundred pounds I Pshaw l a mere trifle. Of course I've got 'urn lying round loose, tied up Iu an old stocking, or something. I'm rfob, by Jupi ter 1 Of course you shnll bavo the hundred pounds I I think I see myself giving 'em to you I Go to bod, go to bed." Carmeline did go to bod with a heavy heart, Tho next day she again sought the innkeeper before ho had time to booloud hiafaoultiea. " Sir," she said, " last night you told sw a strange Btory." " I can't remember the day after what I eaid overnight." "Do you remember mo asking you for a hundred pounds ?" " Something of the sort.". " And you resisting my appeal, and saying that I was not your ohild.but the daughter o' somo great nobleman." "And you wero green enough to baliovc mo ? l'eliaw 1 When I'm in ray cups I have strange fancies sometimes. You a lady one the daughter of a nobleman 1 Tho Booner you get such notions out of your head the better." " 1 will not dwell upon tho subject since you tell mo you wero only jesting. But, dear father, let mo renew my request. I muit have the means to go to Australia. My life depends upon it." " Well, well, I'll seo about it. I'll see what can bo done I won't forget." " said Carmeline solemnly, "that my life depends upon my obtaining that money. I am not jesting." When Thoma? Wilson was alone ho ?huokled over on idea wbioh had entered bis eoheming brain. He wont to hia desk and indited a letter to the Earl of Elwood—for Carmclino's father had succeeded to tho title—in wbioh ho pleaded for a remittance of ? hundred pounds, to bo utod for the benefit of tho carl's daughter. He requested it should bo sent under cover to him, and ho promised, if the Earl acceded to hia request, that he would never again trouble him for money. The letter was by no moan? ill written, and Wilson almost" llattored himself that the amount asked for would comoby return ot mail. Of course, he never intended Riving Carraelino one penny of it. Thomas mlson, landlord of tho George, know better than that. Two days afterward tho Ictter-oanicr ?opped_ at the George Inn. "This ia for you, Mrs. Vornon," he oaid, plaoing a letter in Carmeline'd hand os she stood at tho door. Sho glanoed round to soo that no one was looking. Sho had grown suspicious of every ono. The London postmark 1 Who could have written her from London ? It was ad dressed, too, Carmolino JFifson—not her married namo. Sho-hastened to hor rporu and tore it open. It oontained a cheque on tho Overton Bank for ono hundred pounds oteriing, payable to hearer, and was aignnd "Elwood." It seemed a gift from Heaven. Her prayers had been heard, her wishes cratified. Sho did not stop to auk how it happened that tho exnet sum sho wanted camo from London. She had forgotten tho namo of Elwood—sho could think ot notbirr.' but tho money and all it promised her. niding Uio precious slip of paper, shs hurried to tho bank. Tl?b cashier wa? Blsghtly acquainted with her, and nodded How carelessly ho handled tho ohequo, 6lanBcd at it, and then tosecd it in a drawer. " How will you have it, ma'am ?" " In.sraall notes, if you please." Bho took tho monoy, hid it, arid hastened back to the inn. She had not smiled for many a day, but now there was actually something liko a Bmila on her wan, weary faoo.' Her reputed father mot hor at tho door and notioed bor-expression. : . " You look something liko you used to be," ho grunted. ?' Fathor, somo kind friend, soma angel in disguise, has sent mo a hundred pounds from London. Was it you V "I was tbo means of it," ho mutterod. " How did this money cbmo?" " In a letter—a cheque." " Signed by whom ?" "I don't remember. Maywood, or Borne euoh name." . "Elwood?" "Yea, that was it.. Only just Elwood." "An old pal of mine in tho city. I wrote to him about yon." " Dear—door father I" "No thanks, girl." Ho was greatly disappointed in not get ting the remittance himself, but, on second thoughts, oonclutled it was as well to let the girl go. Sho would never bo a burden or expense to him.' When all was arranged for tho journey to London, she bade- him an affectionate faro well, and he mado a bypoeritioali show of parental affeotion. It did not deceive her. She felt that she was an unloved one. ? Tho Conqueror, an omigrant ship, lay in tho Thames, She was crowded with passen gers eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thousand milos, by the shortest route, lured by fabulous Stories of the golden ?wealth of Australia. Carmelino had engaged a steerage passsgo, so that she might at the end of bet voyage still have somo funds left to support hor until sho should obtain employment in the far-off, unknownJand. A strango mixturo of people surrounded her—bad and good, with a predominance ot tho former. But sho formed the acquaint ance of a qaiat family, and associated with them exclusively during tho tedious voyage of four months; In spito of gnawing care, she felt a thrill of pleasure when ot last the land-breeze wafted to the ship tboodorof spiey flowers. Soon a dear little land-bird lighted in tho rigging. Then, as night deepened, Capo Otwriy Light Bent forth its cheering beams, like tho ray? of the star of hope. That night Carmelino conld not close her eyes. She Bat on the crowded deck, watching tho> constellations ,-th blazed above her in all the beauty of a south ern heaven. Tho next day tho Conqueror ploughed her way along tho elevated coast of Capo Otway forest, and entered Pott Phillip Bay. Tho pilot came aboard, bringing files ot Melbourne popern, which wcra distributed among the passengers. One of tbeso was rend aloud by Mr. Joccs, tho head of the family to which Carraoline had attachod her self during tho voyage. " Ah 1" said he; "hero's eomnthing. Two convicts shot in trying to escape. Servo 'em right 1" "Where did this happen, ehV?" asked Car raoline. " at Norfolk Island." Norfolk leland !—the place of hit imprison ment I Sho forced herself to say : "I"suppose tbe namD3 of theso snfortu nate men aro not given, sir?" ? " Unfortunate men, my dear ?" said Mr. Jonos, " 1 tell yon thoy were conviots. No names? Yes; hero's tho names in full— Isaac Thompson and Lulio Vernon, tho last a desperate character, the paper Bays." 'With an appalling shriok, tho convict's wifo fell to tho deck. Mr. Jones applied tho usual restorotivos ia eases of fainting. 3*ho incident caused but &' momentary excittmont on tbo crowded deck. "Only a woman in a fit," p&saed; from mouth to mouth, and the drinking, singing, and specu lating were resumed aftor a mmuts'e in terval. " Poor thing !" whispered Mrs. Jones to her husband. .". Sho told mo her, namo was Vernon. Maybo one of them men wa? her husband." Carmelino was long in coming to herself, and then the effort to appoor calm almost killed her. But fcho asked to sco tho paper alter awhile, and, hiding her faoo with tho brood eheot, read every word ot the fatal news. The two convicts were attempting to escape in a boat; the guard fired en them, and they sank. Bodies not recovered. Dsad t dead I Ho, whom sho lovod ia spito of his guilt, was dead, and ehe was alone in tho world, thirteen thousand miles from England 1 She did not shed n tear, and a freezing torper, liko that of death, congealed her frame. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbore to question hor. "Wo are going oshoro now," said tho good woman. " Mr. Jones has engaged a boat to take us to Liardet's beach, Will you como with us ?" "Yes; certainly," replied Carmeline, in a hurried, flighty way. " Certainly, 'per tainly,". After landing, tho Joneses insisted on her riding with them, in a oart thoy had engaged", to Melbourne. They wero going yet farther, but Carmelino stoppod in the town. Sho engaged lodgings with a Scotchwoman, a Mrs. Murdookson, who had been ro commended to her by tho captain of the Conqueror. The term? wero frightfally high, yet low in comparison with thoso of other boarding places. ? " You will havo?uppsr, of course?" said tho landlady, as Bho showed her guest into a miserable attio room. "Only a 'cup of tea," gasped. Carmelino. " R?et—rest 1 I want rest." She laid aside her bonnet and shawl, then lay down upon the bed without undressing. The landlady brought-tho tea, whioh was swallowed; thon undressed and wont to bed. "Deadl dead!" sho kept murmuring, as she pressed her hands to her burning-head. CHAPTER XI. AusTit.au—rs the nusit. - Carmeline awoko from a troubled sleep an refreshed, and with her awakoning camo a senso of hor utter desolation, moro poignant than the agony she felt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first camo to her on shipboard. For days Bho moved on as in a clresm— torpid, listless, despairing. At la?t came a letter from tho gold diggings at Ballarat. The Joneses wcro trying their fortune there, and they needed help in the housekeeping. They offered Carmelino bed, board and wagea for her domestic ecrviccs. Sho felt that she must go to work, not only 'to support herself, for her money was fast ebbing away, but that she needed employ ment a3 a diversion from brooding over ber bereavement. She answered tho letter, ao tepting the offer, and announcing that Bho would go through with tho first conveyance that left Melbourne under escort, for evil characters loitered about tho track of emi grants, and moro than one family had been plundered by buuhrangcrs, no that it was not i?nto to venture on the track without tho pro tection of tho armed and counted police. In a few days the opportunity occurred, and she secured a place in a wneon belonging to one Mike Mulligan, who, with his wife and two children, were bound foe thegold district. When she bad paid hor fare nnd ecUled with hor landlady she found fibs had left tjiirlv pound* sterling. This was none too much for a reserve fund in a country whore a few days illness would absorb even a larger amount. Carmelino was very ill when she took loavo o£ Mrs. Murdookflon, her. kind-hearted land lady, who urged her to postpeno her journey, but her feverish impationoo to obtain somo tbinr; liko a home in a strange land urged her forward. Tno_ distance to ba traversed was about eighty miles, but as there wcro bnllook teams in the train, tbe progress of tho oaravan was necessarily slow; moreover, the road in some places was deep and difficult, and the emi grants could only hope to reach their desti nation in four or five days. It was a motley jjroeesaion of mountod men, tilt-carts, (and heavy baggogo wagons, Rome of thorn piled with household furniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their beltf, repeating carbines slung at their backs, ond holmots on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. , It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter vals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of atioky mud that clung to the wheels of the wagou? liko gluo. They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept the country with devouring flames, leaving here and there groat tracts of dead, scorohed treos, that looraod up in the night against the starry sky like ghastly skeletons.' Sometimes a huge fallen tree barred tbe road, and it was necessary either to haw it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by tuming'into miry fields by tho road-side. In crossing a tributary of tho Yarra River, Michael Mulli?an met with a misfortune. His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly sought to procuro other animals to enable him to keep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as muoh aa they conld do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness. Tbo utmost that could be done for tho un fortunate family was to tako thorn on in one of tho baggage wagons. But Mike and his wife could not abandon tho cart. It contained their little all. Nor would Carmelino leave Iheni in their distress. She had conceived nn affection for those poor honest people. Though thoy did not urge h6r, she knew that thoy' would be rejoiced to have her stay with them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a hsnefisont Australian eky? Some ot tho emigrants went to work and got Miku's wagon out of tho Led of thestream nnd drow it to a dry place by the. road-side. The horses did not need to bo hobblef; they were too tired to stray. By the tima this job was finished tho rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. Tho good-natured, emigrants who had lingered behind shook hands with Mike and then started to regain .t.' ' Mike's wifo sat down on a rook and had a good ory; while Carmelino played with the ohildron and Mike lit his pipe. ' After this solooo the man went to wbrk.and succeeded in a few hours in repairing his wagon. Bat tho horses wore still unfit for work, and night was coming on. ? Mike thought that they conld manago to sleep comfortably enough under tho canvas cover of the cart, but ho expressed a childish feor of " lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all thirn haythen animals that go roarin' round seckin' somebody to devour." Carmeline, who was not bo ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that he;had nothing to fear on that account,for such dan gerous animals were unknown. "Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss," was his reply. "St. Patrick must have taken it in his way when he oamo to dhrivo thim varmints oat of ould Ireland into the say." Carmelino took him aside. "Mike," she said, "thcroaro those who are mora dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles." " Ghosts and ban?hecs, miss ?" "No, no, Mike; but bad men—thieves, bushrangers. You will havo to watch to night. Aro you armed ?" "Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri can six-Bhootcr as money oan buy." " I hope you will have no occasion to use it. ?.? Bnt'l would make no fire. Wo can dispense with tea and-coffee." Following Carmelino'a advice, the little party made a meal on cold meat and bread and then crept under tho cover of the cart and arranged themselves as well as they could for the night—an anxious one, which passed, however, withont incident. At dawn ot day tho harsh scrisam? of a hundred'oockotoos, making a riiusio like the rasping of a thousand giant fi aws, awoko them. Other birds joined in — megpioa, Icatherbeads, nnd laughing jackasses. Green, red, and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of the forest. Tall cranes stalked along tho banks of tho river, or stood motion less beside it. Milio Dad not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow I ho was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, however. With the oponing of day his toil reoommonced. Tho hordes, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweofc grass, wore in a good con dition. The cart would hold together, pro vided there were no mora bad places to cross. So thoy mado a hearty meol, harnessed tho team, and resumed their march. After a short dir-tonca tho road beoamo bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmelino alighted to pluck some, telling the Mulligans to keep on and sho would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orehisses, and a beautiful flower liko the star of Bethlehem which she had nevor seen before.- Passionatoly fond of flowers—those moat delicate gifts of Heaven— tho young widow was lured from spot to spot by their faeoination. She left the beaten traok and Btrnok into tho woods, attracted by somo crimson or snowy beauty pooping from.the grass. Sho did not go far, however. When sho had gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oo oupy the ohildren for hours in making bouquets and coronals, sho hurried back to-' wards the road, as sho thought. , Hat it is easy to lose one's self in the Aus tralian bush, and lost-sho soon discovered that sho was. She oried aload, straining her lungs to the utmost, "Mike! Mikol" ? Alas I only the discordant cries of cocka toos and parroquets answered her. "Mikol Mikol" she cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in tho bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered clothes, look ing indeed like wild beasts, made their ap pearance. Each of them carried v atoul stick in his hand. " Can we do anything to sorvo you, mum?" asked one of them, duoking his head with mook civility, Sho controlled hor terror, and answered: "I havo lost my way, sir. If yon guide mo to the road, you will earn my thanks." " When one gets lost in tho bush," said the spokesman of the two, " it's a matter of life and death. Thanhs is well enough. " But it's worth money to find tho trail again." " I'll pay you liberally,' said Carmelino, incautiously. " She's got money," said the first ruilian to his companion. Tho other winked. ''Well, mum, I'm agreeablo to act ob guide," said tho man. "Follow us, my charmer. We know the bush. This way." Thoy broke a way for CarmisliiKi through tho demo undergrowth. But thoy led her euoh a distance) thr,t sho became alarmed; sho know the raad could not be so far off, ond when they had reached a beaten track ahe halted. " Does not thia path lead to tho main road?' she 03ltcd. "Yes'um. Turn to tho right and you will Boon atriko it," answered the man she had addressed. We'd go with you, but .mc and my pal has retired from public life and never show ouraelvee to our contemporaries." "I will now pay you for your eervico3,"Baicl Carmeline. "Yes'um. The regular feo for guidin' a. hindividual out of the buah is two pounds." "Two pounds 1" " Two pounds, mum, regular. But when a lady's in tho ease, wo doducks half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, if you pleaae." " Unfortunately all Carmelino's money was. together, and oho had to produce her littlo roll of note 3. "V. " Seeing is having I'" shouted the foremost rufihn, and ho Bnatched the treasure out. of her band. Not heeding hor piteous cry, tho two villians sprang into the bnsb. To turn to'tho right and fly along tho path. with the speed of the fawn was Carmelino's instant action. But to hor horror, at a turn of tho path the ruffians again confronted her. .'????., "HfiHl" oriod tho man who had done all the talking, brandishing his club. "You are our liwful prize." Carmelino shrieked aloud for help, though well aware of tho hopelessness of human aid. " Give her a rap over tho knowledge-box," ? said the fieoondrruflian. .....'_-' "Ail right," replied his comrade, nnd a terrible blow laid her senseless on the ground. . " I awear,"soid tha assailant, oa he atooped to lift her, "I believe I've killed her I" "Hark I" cried his comrade, lifting a warn ing- fiDger. " Tho gallop ol a horse 1 We're lost!" ? The other villain dropped tho lifeless girl, and, following tho lead ot his accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. ,„It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape ja'at before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his hpek, camo thundering up tho forest path. ? ;.. .- ?'?; i At sight of tho stunned and bleeding woman ha throw his horse on his haunohes by a/pull at tho powerful curb and flung him self from tho saddle. The trained animal stood like a statue. "More of these villains' bloody work!" said the horseman na- ho bent over Carmeline. '* Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved." He raa to a brook, dipped up some water in the crown of his soft hat, hastonod back, and bathed the face of tha unfortunate woman. She muttered some incoherent words, or.ened ond shut her eyes. When he raised her from tho ground, she struggled with him a moment, and then htr muscles relaxed. Carefully raising her, tie mounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as if she had been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struck into a gentle cantor. Two or three miles of riding on tho velvet tnrf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockada fence, up a gentlo slope, along an avenue of aoaoias, to a rude but oomfoitabla farm-housa, with out-lying buildings scattered round. There was au of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it be longed to a recent settler. A hearty old lady camo to the door to wel come him, but turned palo and hold up her hands when she beheld hia atrange burden— a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathed in blood. "Mother," eaid the horseman; solemnly, "behold your ohargo 1" ."Who has done this cruel thing?" asked tho old lady, as sho received Carmeline into her arms. "Who but the bushrangera? But those vermin shall be hunted from the face of the earth 1" CHAPTER XII. !CWO lIEARTS. When -Carmelino oneo moro opened htr eyes to the light of day and of reason, sho found herself lying in a comfortable bed, round which mosquito curtains were carefully drawn, in a plainly furnished room. The sun was up. Sho had overalept her self. It was high time to rise. But, to her surprise, she found herself unable to get out of bed. Then she glanoed at her arms; they wore all washed away. Sho passed her handa feobly over her face; that, too, was thin and hollow. " What has happened to mo ? Whero am I ?" she cried aloud in terror. "You aro Bate, among.friends," said a kindly voice, as an elderly motron came forward-and seated herself by her bedside. Carmeline passed her hand over her fore head. " I remember," she muttered, " something terrible. I remember being attacked by bu;m"- rangsra in tho forest. Who brought mc here ?- How long have I been hero 7 Is this place Ballarat?" "My dear child, you must keep quiet. Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a Battle ment of shanties and tents. You aro in n farm-house. My eon found you, stunned and bleeding, and brought you here. Thia ia my house. My name is Mrs. Carter." " But how long havo I been here ?" "Three weeks to-day." "And I have known nothing all that tune I" ? ? ' v " You have been vary ill, and out of your head. But last.night was the oriais of your illness. Tbo doctor said that if you passed a quiet night and awoke rational, he would guarantee your recovery." "My dear madome, I owo you my life." "Yon owo it to Ono who heard your cry for help and dirootea my son to your reeoue'" replied Mrs. Carter, solemnly. " But of thia wo will speak hereafter—not now. Take this." Tho good woman held a cup to ths pale lips of the biifferor, who drank tho contenta Then, sinking back on hor pillow, Bhe olosed her eye 3 in a Blumber as sweet and peaceful as an infant's ? V? Bev ?, rl ?y Uttd Judged the patient's ease rightly. Irom thia day she began to mend rapidly, nnd in a weak mora was able to leave the room and go about tho house. Tho good woman who had taken such motherly care of her was repaid for all hor watching and nursing when alio bow hor Charge treated in an arm-ohair at the window of the littlo parlor on tho first floor, with a clear light in her beautiful eyes, a faint smile on her lips, and a fiint tingo of rose-color on her velvet ohcoks. " My son will soon bo hero to pay bin respects to you," B ho said. " There U his Btepl i I should know it among a thou ghts, door opened; a manly form entered. " Carmelino I" '?' Mr. Meredith!" Such wero their mutual exclamations, les Carmeline wna beneath the roof of her old pycr. He, whom sho had rejected for a worthless rival, had saved her life in the forest; his mother had saved her life in the farm-house. Meredith had not recognised her when ho rescued hor, becauoo her fnee was then bathed with blood from her wound and ho had not ecch her from tha moment ! ho had given her into hia mother's ohargo till now. The old lady was a second time a widow, nonce hor name, Carter, had pre vented the involid guessing at the truth. Both wero greatly agitated, and it was. Borne timo - bofore thoy could speak calmly. Meredith noticed the, black ribbons on Carmeline'a dre?S—she had not had Bb op portunity of providing a full suit of mourn ing—and said :'. '',' ..-'.*?-,.- ? ? v v = v.. 'y-yy/ " Yon havo lost-a-friend-?—..- _.„_ — " My huoband," sho said averting hor face. "Poor thing I So-young to be a widow I raid Mrs. Carter.: v-y- _. i : : '?? - ?'. ? Cirmelincglaoced'up at Meredith. It was an appealing lcok,-"und he understood it. Shodid not wish to reveal her pamfrd story. He gave hor to understand by a rapid gesture that ho comprehended hor and would respect ??her wishes. ' . ,-.,- ' " How strange that yon should have known Mrs.—l mean this lady," said Mrs. Carter. "I beg your pardon, but you know I nevoi asked your name, my dear." ? "Vernon," said Carmeline, casting down liar eyes. ?.??'. ' , ' - ? ?' Yes, I was acquainted with Mrs. Vernon, in England," said Meredith; "and I am very happy to have been of' service to her. Bnt now yon must esouso mo, madam," ho added, addressing Cirmeline. "I lead a very busy life, and I havo a thousand matters td attend to." ; . . Had ho remained another moment in the room he would have betrayed himself. He bad need of being alone to commune with his own thoughts. Carmelino beneath his rotf, and a widow! - . Mrs. Carter wa3 untiring in the praisa of her son. Tho good lady had now pecurod a listener, and sha ran on for. an hour on her favorite' theraa. Sho told how successful Mark had bsen, how lucky ho had been at the gold diggings, how fortunate in bis land speculations, how well his cattle had turned out. Ho was always a good son. sho said, and an hincst, steady man, and Providenoo bad blessed him bayond his wildest hopes. Carmclfoo listened with mingled pleasuro and pain. She rejoiced at Meredith's success, but she regretted that she was a temporary irimato ot his house. Had it been a stran ger's, aho would have been glad, to remain in his employ contented with retirement and "bard work. But her former relations with tho master forbade her continuing in his family.: She resolved, bo soon as she hod gained a littlo. Btrongth, to leave Meredith's Hope, as he had.prettily named his settle ment, and to seek other shelter. ?Id the moontimo she communioated with the Joneses, announcing her safety and her in tention of joining them at Ballarat a3 Boon as possible, requesting them to advance her a small sum of money—for she was now penni less—to pay her travelling expenses. The le-ttct remained unanswered. Daring the delay she made heraelf naefnl about the boose, and so endeared herself to Mrs. Carter, by her resignation, industry, and dexterity, that tho old lady camo to love her like a child. Of conrse Carmeline was thrown continually l into tho sooiety of Mark; who was always courteous, but grave and unim pa3sioned. It was evident that the old lovo had died out; as for herself, her own heart, 03 she thought, was doad within her. At last the long-expected letter from the Joneses rcaohed her, having an enclosure of money. They were pleased at thoj prospect of her joining them. Sho communicated the intelligence to Mrs. Carter, and announced ?imr purpose of leaving Meredith's Hope for ?.Ballarat at once. Mrs. Carter .was thunderstruck. " Why, my dear, I never dreamed of you leaving us I" she said, and tho old lady b9gan to ory; " I am tired of eating tho bread of idle ness," said Carmeline. " Idleness!" Don't talk saoh stuff as that. Money couldn't poy for the help you've been to mc. And then, I thought yon'd begun to like mc a little." "Liko you, a little I You have been a mother to mc. From the first momont I opened my eyes on yonr dear face, my heart went out to you. Dear, dear Mrs Carter, I loved you," and poor Carmeline burst into tcara. '. "Then why won't yon stay and comfort the old lady ? What are these Joneses to yon ? Aro they relatives ?" ;'??'?'*' They 'were very kind to mc on tho voyoge." " And haven't I been ? But this will bo now 3 for my Eon; I must tell him of it." "Say then, dear "madam, that my resolu tion ia irrevocable-" The old lady bustled out of tho room and did not return to it, In a few momenta the door opened and Mark Meredith stood besido her. Ho was oven graver than usual. " My mother tells mo, Mrs. Vernon, that you have decided to leave us, and is almost broken-hearted about it. I had hoped that you would' remain as her companion, and that we had nuccecdod in making you com fortable here." " Mr. Meredith," answered Carmeline, trying to imitate a calmness, " tho most tranquil and comfortable days of my life have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owe you more than shelter, I owo you my life, and when I am far away from hero, night and morning will I pray on bended knees that the choicest blessings of heaven descend in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hope." "Meredith's Hope! Meredith's Desola tion, rather, when you have left us I" oried Mark. Ail his stoicism vanished. . " Carme line 1 Carmeline 1 you are the crueleat of women. Do you think a man who once love's can over forget? Do yon think I can forget the poor little barefooted girl who tended sheep on Overton Common I Do you think I can fdrgot the beautiful woman who touched my heart as no woman ever did before or ever can again? You oonld not lovo mo then, hut I did think that tho bitter experience of life had changed your heart. Was it not Providence that reunited us after a long separation ?—I still adoring, you onoa more free to listen to mo? Carmeline, while you were another's I could still tbe beatings of my heart, could find in toil an anodyne to agony, but now 1 now L there is nothing bidi -mc be silent, nothing bids mc refrain from declaring my undying love. Carmelino i Carmelino 1 Again I ask you to be my wife." " I am penniless, and you aro rich." " Had I all the gold in Australia, I should bo poor without your love; with it in poverty I should bo wealthy.", Carmelino pressed hor hand to her heart, and leaned again?t tho window-frame for support. Meredith sprang to hersido; ha took her hand; he drow her to him ; her head dropped on his shoulder. Hiding her face, sho fal tered out: "Oh, Mark, I lovo you! How I" love you I" . Then, by a sudden transition, she pushed bim away from her, raised her head, dried her streaming eyes, and then?oid: " Yea, Mark, I love you—lovo you dearly— so dearly that I can never bo your wife." Mark Meredith fell from rapture to das pair. "Why—why?" ha asked, in a tone of the bitterest agony. - j " Dccautc 1 am a convict* widow." " Will you pormit your misfortune to stand in tho woy of my happiness ?" asked Meredith. " Hear mc, Mark," said Carmeline, and Bho now spoko quite calmly; " I havo a?ked you to conceal my story from your mother, and you havo'done so. Now go to her and teU her all." " Do not ask mo to do that." " You sco that I was right. Bat if yon do not tell her, 1 will. Mark, listen to your mother; aha will tell you that I knew my duty; sho will consolo you when we aro parted forever." (To l>: continual.) 