ITEMS OF NEWS. The black trackers, in charge of Constable Faulkner, were engaged yesterday following up the tracks of the incendiary in connection with the late fire at 3D Coghili's farm, at Newstead. The tracks were taken up at the slip-panels leading to Ainslies hut. several bootpnnia were visible as far as the but, and across a stubble paddock opposite. The trackers were engaged for a considerable time in tbb paddock, and had great trouble to follow up the tracks, owing to the height of the stubble. After tra versing the paddock thoroughly, they came out and crossed over to near the creek, where Ainsiie was seen, as stated by 3D Coghill, run ning away from the fire. Several booiprints, corresponding with the boots that were worn by Ainsiie at the time of the conflagration, were seen. The trackers then made a starting point from the burning ruins, orer the hilL and down to the stone crossing. They again picked up the tracks, aad a cast of one of the prints was taken in plaster of Paris by Constable Faulk ner. in company with Constable Kavanagh. The parties were, during the remainder of the day, busy following up the trail, but owing to the very dry state of the ground it was a Tery tedious task to determine with any reliable cer tainty as to the correct footprints. The casts of those taken yesterday show that the person (believed to be Ainsiie) came from the direc tion of Newstead to opposite A indie's hat, from there back down the road, crossing over the stone crossing, up the hill to where the fire took place. The tracks are supposed to be again visible at the creek, as if the person was hastening away from the fire. Plaster of Paris casts were taken from prints in the sand. These tracks continued into a paddock belong ing to 3D 3I'3£ii!an, of 3Iuckleford Creek. 3Iatks, as if caused by a boot, are plainly visible on the fence of this paddock, opposite Ainslie's hut, caused by some person getting over the fence, and the prints are visible again on the road near Ainslie's hut. The trackers returned to Newstead in the evening, and will probably start for die Dandenong depot to-day. The loss has been a severe one to 3D CoghilL who had but recently determined to have his haystacks insured. Owing to having other stacks, which were not finished in stacking, he decided to wait and have the stacks insured at the same time. The hay and outbuildings that were totally destroyed were uninsured. News by cable to-day state that the latest intelligence from Burmah is that General Prenaergast has arrived at Bhamo and left a garrison there. For some time steamers have been running between Rangoon and Bhamo, and when the proposed railway between the latter and Taliia, in the basin of the Yangise,is carried out, the town now in the possession of Great Britain mast become a great emporium for trade in silk, cotton and woollens. 31. de Freycinet, French 3rinister for Foreign Afiairs, has accepted the task of forming a fresh 3Iinis- rry. H. 31. Gunboat Lotus has succeeded in capturing nine Arab " nuggars" — river boats laden with monitions of war. The Servian and Bulgarian Governments have appointed dele gates to arrange terms of peace. It was reported in Casilemaine that James 3Iather, formerly connected with the Water Works, was found drowned in the Yarra last night. An advertisement appears in another column for 100 men to work at the wharf, 3Iel bourne, loading and discharging coal and cargo. The pay- is L2 5s a week, of 48 hoars. 3D Odgers sent an order for timber to the Dockendorff saw mills at Trentham, and re ceived a letter yesterday in reply, stating the saw mills were burned dosn on New Years' night. The misleading statement is made in the 'European 3130 that the Hon. Nicholas Fitz gerald, 3LL C., of Y icioria, "who has been appointed a commissioner for New South Wales at the Colonial Exhibition," intends to perma nently reside in England. The following players of the Castleuiaine United C. Club are 'requested to meet at the Post Office at 8.30 o'clock Saturday to proceed by coach to Daylesford : — Campbell, Costello, Laver, Robb, 3Iuirhead, Grose, Tick, Taylor, T. Reade, Flynn, Far-roll. Prior to the business of the 3Iount Alexander Shire Council being proceeded with yesterday afternoon, the Councillors formed themselves into a committee, when the estimates for the current year were submitted, and thereafter adopted. It was shown that after provision had been made for working expenses, the sum of 1400 is to be devoted to repayment of the special loan, and L927 for public "works. 3Ir Templeton, of Chewton, announces incur columns that he will be a candidate for the Legislative Assembly at the next general elec tion. This makes the fourth candidate declared, and as 3D Patterson will again be standing for re-election there arc thus five gentlemen in the field for the two seats. Before the day Oil uoipinatjoi) there may be further additions, but meantime all the gentlemen who have an- ; corniced themselves say they will of a certainty go the poll. " i .-The passengers by the 1Q.S3 o'ek-eSt tram frjna j Melbourne last night oterred a -vA in she' ririrrirr of Mahnsbiry. From the indizx- ' ticR»_of ihe fire, it resembled that of a large | totiHing being demolished, the flames appae- " ently .having obtained a oamplete mastery over j the strcetore. The following is the resurn of traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending 315 j Dec.. 1885 Passengers, parrels, horses, car- j rsages, dogs, and mails, 133,452 Is id : mer- j chaadise, minerals, and cattle, LI 3,0,0 18s ; total for ihe week. L52.022 19s Sd : aggregate to : this date from 1st July, LL 135, 173 3s 7d: weekly average, 25 weeks, L43.G00 iOss Id. _Ai ritis period cf the new year, immediately after the Christmas holidays, it is a noteworthy fact that oft times there is a great difficulty in obtaining a quorum at various Council meetings, so tiat the transaction of the business can be proceeded with. This was not so at the meeting of the Mount Alexander Shire Council yesterday, for ' out of the full complement, eleven representatives of tire Tariotis Ridings were present, tire only absentee bring Cr Wfi- Harris. whose excuse for non-attendance at the present time can be very reasonably And palpably accepted. " r A matter that should command the prompt attention of the officer! in tire Water Supply Department was brought tmder notice at the meeting of the 3Iount Alexander Shire Council yesterday. It was broached by the President, and had reference to the muddy condition of the water that was supplied totherreidenri of Fryers- to«n from the Crocodile Gully Reservoir. It appears that the supply pipe" is fixed at the bo torn oi the Reserv ir. which has not been scoured for the past six months, according to Cr Rowe. The matter is to be brought under the observation of the Department, with a view to having the water purified if possible. The members oi the Campbell's Creek Dis trict Racing dab have go?d r essoa to feel proud of the success that at- ended the Sports on Boxing Day. It is expected thai by the receipts from all sources, arid after the deduction for expenses has been allowed, there will be a net credit balance of nearly LG0. This is highly satisfactory, and it shows conclusively that the horse-racing on the Reserve is becoming more popular each year. Half of the proceeds will be handed over to the local charities, while ihe balance will be devoted towards carrying out necessary improvements to the Reserve. By the expenditure oi an inconsiderable amount the ground could be made as complete and good for racing as is to be seen in any np- country districts. - The Committee should not lose sight of the fact that the erection of several more wooden seats in various parts of the Reserve would prove of great convenience to the pub lic. If anyone complained yesterday oi the heat not being intense enough it was not the fault of the " clerk of the weather,"" for the day was, to coign a phrase; a perfect brickfielder. Through- oat the day gusts of wind, resembling a hot blast, blew eddies of dust in all directions, ren dering pedestrian traffic very disagreeable ; and, indeed, it was unbearably hot and unpleasant to wander abroad at all yesterday. The ther mometer registered 100 deg. in the shade. No1 reports have, fortunatelv.been received of serious bash-fires having broken out, but in glancing in the vicinity oi the ranges a few miles beyond Fryer-Town, aad other directions where the bush is chick, there were to be seen volumes of smoke, which would indicate that either the charcoal-burners were at work, or the scrub was being consumed. Lest evening the whole town was enveloped in smoke, which was a still farther proof that, bush-fires were raging in the neighbourhood. The atmosphere was in conse quence rendered exceedingly oppressive, and ihe smoke was so dense as to cause one's eyes to smart when walking about. A meeting of tbc Carnival Committee was held last night; the Mayor in the chair, and there were nine other gentlemen present. A protest was received from T. Hayes against Trengrove for not giving his performances of running at Dayles ford on 9th November. To this R. TrengroTe replied it was not him bur his cousin, J. Tren- grov-, of ilaldon, who ran at Daylesford. He sent a paper with the record of the prizes, and referred for the confirmation of his statement to the Secretary of the Sports at Daylesford. He stated he was unable to attend the meeting, hut he would certainly see the matter cleared np regardless of inconvenience and cost to boot. His statement was considered satisfactory, as it appeared a case of mistaken identity. It was re solved, however, to adjourn the case, and call upon Hayes to prove his averment. A quantity of accounts were read in detail, examined and passed for payment, amounting to L121 lis 10d. The total receipts are L326 6s; the expenditure so far is L240 Is lOd, thus leaving a profit of about LSG. There D still the Art Union to come off By next Tuesday night the Treasurer, Mr Tolstrup. expects to have ihe balance-sheet "com pleted. 3D P. Reid and Mr Thomas were re quested to audit the accounts. Our Guildford correspondent writes : — " Gone has the holidays, and 1 think most of the people are zlad of it ; glad to get back in the old groove again. Too much holiday is even worse than too little. The viators from the metropolis have been greater this year than can be remem bered on any previous occasion, and every deuce has been resorted to to afford them recreation and amusement. On New Year's night a ball was held in Danstan's Assembly Rooms, when the muster of young people exceeded the. capacity oi the large hall. The postmaster, exercising his discretion, kept his office open the lire-long day, and out of good heart, that was appreciated by the whole com munity. — The Shire of Newstead ' narrowly escaped the other day an action for A gentleman riding a valuable horse from New- stead to his home at Strangways, in crossing the long causeway spanning the Jim Crow Creek, felt his horse sink, but holding him rip arid clearing the aperture, returned and found that a plank had given away under his horse's foot. Considering that so much has been recently expended on the bridge cnlrert, it is evident that a very loose supervision was exercised in its construction. — The battery at Yaughan, which has been idle for a considerable time, resumed work last Saturday. And, curious enough, celebrating its twenty-fifth birthday. If the lattery could speak it would tell the most strange vicissitudes oi mining at Yaughan during the past quarter of a century. At the Police Court yesterday, before the 3Iayor. 3Iessrs Butt, Balford, Stacy, and Pearce. J's.P., Charles Branch was charged wi h drun kenness, hut he would not- admit the offence. He went into, the yard of 3IrTrevascus on3Ion- day afternoon, talked about a cow, of being robbed, and wanted to fight 3I'Keuzie. His blasphemy attracted the notice of Constable Hall, arid his drunkenness was unmistakable. He then threw himself down in the gutter, and would riot walk to' the watchhouse, but viciously kicked Constable Hall on the side of the head. Kicking ' is an old habit of ' his," for which he accounted by having heart disease, and did not want to be disturbed. According to the description of 3PKenzie, Branch is ajrare kicker and '" kicks like a hurricane." There were many previous convictions against him of the same class for drunkenness, viciousness, and kicking, so he was fined altogether 50s, in default to be imprisoned for 10 days IVm . Smith was sum moned for assaulting All Ken'. According to the statement of the complainant, through the interpreter, Chas. Le Suey, he was struck with ,s shovel on the chin and cheek bone hy the defendant. The latter said All Kew was rob bing him by washing the dirt from hisclaim, and that when he went to prevent this Ah Kew took up a shovel, and in putting up his ann to avert the blow, the shovel was tirnist back on com plainant's face. Ah Kew declared the claim to be his. Smith, when served with the summons, admitted to Constable Hall having struck Ah Kew with the shoveL Sergeant Frood saw the complainant after being wounded ; the cut on hD face wari deep, and it was stitched at the j HosjptaL Toe BDirlr iniktod a fine on Smith j oi 50s, with 12s 6d oosfs. iat default to be im- j prisoned for 14 days. A hawker's license was ' granted to Chung Toe. Two bouses at Golden Point, BaHarat, occupied i by Patrick Flood, a marine store dealer, and Lee | Mot, Chinest chemist, were destroyed by fire j early yesrerday morning. ; The sailing vessel Dawn of Hope sank on ' 3Ionday morning outride Port Sorrell, Tasmania, j with a full cargo of wheat, oats, and butter. | 3D Griffith and 3D Dickson have been : formally gazetted as representatives of Queens- ; land at <Ee Federal Council at Hobafti An elderly woman named O'Connor narrowly escaped being burned to death at Brisbane on 3foaday, through her dress catching fire hy contact with a lighted match on the pave ment. The body of a man was found floating in the Torrens Lake on Sunday. It was identified as that of Thomas Harris, of SiDerton. At an request a verdict of accidental drowning was re turned. The township of Waipawa, about 40 miles from Napier, in the JEDwke's Bay district, New Zealand, has been the scene of an extensive fire, by which the p7mcipal portion of the town was destroyed. A fatal accident occurred at Brisbane on 3Ion- dav, to a Finn named Warlkkass. He was on a pant ballasting ihe barque ZoBa. The bucket of ballast, while being hoisted to the punt's mast, broke, and ihe backet fell on the deceased's back, killing him instantly. The revenue returns of the Customs Depart ment for the month of December show L178.533 in duties collected, and L11,9C>1 in drawbacks and repayments, thus leaving a net revenue for the month of LIG6.572. me net revenue for the six months ended December. 1655, was LI, 631, 650, being an excess over ihe estimate (LI, 010, 650) of L33.000. At the Auckland Stud Company's yearling sales on 3Ionday, 32 were sold, which realised 5,001 guineas, or an average of L175. A colt by Slusket — Onyx (850 guineas), bought by the Hon. Wm. Robinson, and another by 3Iusket — Roseita (475 guineas), fetched the highest- prices. A filly" by Musket — Sylvia was with drawn, the highest- bid being COO guineas. A sad death by drowning occurred at Talbot on 3Ionday. Several lads, the eldest oi whom was Thomas M'Laughlan, aged 16, went to bathe in 31"Callums Creek, and although none of them could swim, they selected a waierhole 15 ft deep. Four of them entered the water, and M'Laughlan was drowned notwithstanding the exertions of a ooinpsnion younger than him self. Cases of drowning and deaths from heat have been frequent in South Australia. A youth named \Tuss!e. was drotvued whilst bathing on Onkiparinka River on Sunday. On 3Iocday two residents at Hergott Springs were killed by the excessive heat. An elderly woman named Elira Bath, of Adelaide died from the beat. Captain Sweet, a well-known photographer at Riverton, succumbed to heat apoplexy at Hall- dale. A boy named Linkson was drowned in a dam whilst bathing at Burra. An inquest on Gunner Davis, who was killed by a cartridge bursting in the breech of a gun on board toe Protector whilst firing a royal salute at Glenelg on toe 20th nit., resulted in a verdict of accidental death, no blame being at tached to anyone. It was clearly proved that the cartridge exploded through the deceased neglecting to sponge out the breech, leaving the burning wadding of the previous shc-t, which the draught through the gun fanned into a flame. It is estimated that at present the French Government expends something like two and a half million francs annually in purchasing American and Australian beef for toe army. The French contract purveyors are furious at this, and have persuaded a group of deputies to bring in a bill to prevent toe War or other Government offices accepting tenders of foreign goods. It is, however, believed that the Chamber will refuse to sanction such a barefaced attempt upon toe National Treasury. The following telegraphic message has been received at Sydney from Captain Strachan, ihe leader of one of the New Guinea Exploring ex peditions. who is at Port Douglas ; — " " The expedition has been a thorough success. The vessel is laden with a large number of samples of cedar and pine, which is most valuable timber ; also. Rosewood, Booda, and other timber, samples of which are new to us : also, cotton, ginger, saffron, and other products. We have explored from the western boundary to toe Papuan Gulf. We have met and es tablished friendly relations with fourteen dif ferent tribes of natives, of three different colors, namely, black, brown and red skinned, most- of whom who have never held intercourse with or seen a white man before. At first they were somewhat timid, bat in every case we succeeded in gaining their confidence and good-wllL The party are all hi good health and spirits, conse quent on the success of toe expedition, towards which each has done his part. Orer 100 excel lent photographic views have been taken by 3D Gersten, or scenery in various parte of the is land ; also, of native gronps. Mr 3I'Auley, a practical gold prospector, declares that It is im possible for Kerry to have fonnd gold as stated, as that portion of the country is not gold bear ing. 3Ir Poett, an Indhn planter, considers some of the New Guinea soil superior to any he has ever seen elsewhere." 3D C. E. Jones met the electors on Monday night, at the George Hotel, Ballarat, when about 300 persons attended, and 3Tr F. Blight, jun., occupied the chair. 3D Jones addressed the meeting, and in the course of his; remarks, said that there never was a time when Ballarat stood more in need of a combination of brains and strength of will in order to bring this, the premier goldfield of the colony, into toe pro minence it should occapy. . They had seen Ballarat despoiled for the aggrandisement of 3Iel bourne. The matter should be heartily taken up in Parliament. Work in the legisla ture was necessary to make the goldfields "what they were in the past If he were sent to Par liament they knew enough of him to know that he would not be quietly snuffed out They did not want a quiet Parliament but rather let- them have a rowdy House, so thai- there was Intellect in it The people ought to first fix their policy and then choose theD leader. They did not want a man who could be bought by South Yarra, nor did they want a man who would sell democracy. The people wanted democracy in fact not in name only. They had seen in ihe last session of Parliament a Sludge Bill handled by the Government in such a way that they did not care whether it was passed or not. A similar bill lias been iutroduced by a mem ber for Ballarat before, and it was battled against and thrown out mainly through the in strumentality of one member of the administra tion, just going -out of power. Referring to the prospecting vote, 3D Jones said that it- was quite inadequate, and that- hundreds and thousands of pounds were required to ensure successful prospecting in toe colony ; L10.000 was simply thrown away in the work. He favored tie organisation of a great milling council to report to Parliament as to where and how much money should be spent in prospect ing. He was utterly and entirely with Bal larat and other places in the matter of decen tralisation. He believed that every Parliamen tary representative should reside within toe boundary of his constituency. A vote of con fidence was moved by 3Ir Walter Williams, seconded by 3D John Casey, and carried unani mously. Subsequently a strong committee was formed to secure Mr Jones's return. The first daily newspaper in England was the 'Daily Courant,' published in Loudon in 1709. _ Why is an Indian prince at one and the same time rich and poorf— Because he always has a lao of rupees. 