OHAPTEB XI. ATJSTBAMi-IS THE BUSS. Carmeline awoke from a troubled sleep an refreshed, arid with hex awakening came a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant than the agoify she felt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first came to her on shipboard. For days she moved on' as in a dream-, torpid, listless, despairing. At last came a letter from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The Joneses were trying their fortune there, and they needed help in the housekeeping. They offered Carmeline bed, board and wages for her domestic services. She felt that she must go to work, not only to support herself, for her money was fast ebbing away, but that she needed employ ment as a diversion from brooding over her bereavement. She answered the letter, ac cepting the offer, and announcing that she would go through with the first conveyance that left Melbourne under escort, for evil characters loitered about the track of emi grants, and more than one family had been plundered by bushrangers, so that it was not eafe to venture on the track without the pro tection of the armed and mounted policc. In a few days the opportunity occurred, and she. secured a place in a wagon belonging to one Mike Mulligan, who, with his wife and two children, were bound for the gold district. When she had paid her fare and settled with her landlady she found she had left thirty founds sterling. was none too mnoh for a reserve fund in a country where a few days illness would absorb even a larger amount. Carmeline waB very ill when she took leave of Mrs. Murdockaon, her kind- hearted land lady, who urged her to postpone her journey, bnt her feverish impatience to obtain some thing like a home in £ strange land urged her forward. ' Toe distance to be traversed was about eighty miles, but as there were bullock teams in the train, the progress of the caravan was necessarily slow; moreover, the road in some plaoes was deep and difficult, and the emi grants could only hope to reach their desti nation in four or five days. It was a motley procession of mounted men, tilt-oartB, {and heavy baggage wagons," some of them piled with household furniture. The'escort consisted of a dozen well mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating carbines slnng at their backs, and helmets on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter vals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of Btioky mud that clung to the wheels of the wagons like glue. They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they saw traces of great bush-fireB that had swept the country with devouring flames," leaving here and there great tracts ol dead, scorched trees, that loomed up in the night against the . starry sky like ghastly skeletons. Sometimes,, a huge fallen tree barred the road, and it was necessary either to hew it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by the road- side. ?In crossing a tributary of the Yarra River, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune." ' His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly sought to procure other animals to enable him to keep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as much as they could do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness. The utmost that could be done for the un fortunate family was to take them on in one of the baggage wagons. But Mike and his wife could not abandon the cart. It contained their little all. Nor would Carmeline leave them in their distress. She had oonceived an affection for these poor honest people. Though they did not urge h6r, she knew that they would be rejoiced to have her stay with . them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a beneficent Australian sky ? Some of the emigrants went to work and got Mike'd wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry place by the road-side. The horses did not need to be hobbled; they were too tired to stray. By the time this job was finished the rear of .the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured; emigrants, who had lingered behind shook hands with Mike and then started to regain t. . Mike's wife sat down on a rock and had a good ory; while Carmeline played with the children and Mike lit hia pipe. 'After this solace the man went to work,and succeeded in a few hoars in repairing his wagon. But the horses were still unfit for work, and night was coining on. . Mike thought that they could manage to Bleep comfortably enough under the canvas cover of the cart, but he expressed a' childish fear of " lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all thim haythen animals that go roarin' round seekin' somebody to devour." ' Carmeline, who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that hejhad nothing to fear on that accouni.for suoh dan gerous animals were unknown. " Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss," was his reply. "St. Patrick must have taken it in hiB way when he came to dhrive thim varmints out of ould Ireland into the say." ; v Carmeline took him aside. "Mike," she said, "there are those.who are more dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles." .' Ghosts and banshees, miss ?" "No, no, Mike; but bad men-thieves, bushrangers. You will, have to watch to night. Are you armed ?" 41 Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri can six-shooter as money can buy." . r . " I hope you will have no oooasion to use It. But I would make no fire. We can dispense with tea and coffee." Following Carmeline's advice, the little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under the oover of the cart and arranged themselves as well as they could for the night-an anxious one, which passed, however, without inoident. At dawn of day the harsh soreams of a hundred cockatoos, making a music like the rasping ol a thousand giant saw a, awoke them. Other birds joined in - mBgpies, leatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red, and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of the forest. Tall cranes stalked along the banks of the river, or stood motion less beside it. rMike had not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow ! he,was tired out, and had taken more tharf one nap, grasping his revolver, however. "With the opening of day his toil recommenced. The horses, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet gras3, were in a good con dition. The cart would hold together, pro vided there were no more bad places to cross. So they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their maroh. After a short distance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmeline alighted to pluck Bome, telling the Mulligans to keep on and she would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orchisses, and a beautiful flower like the star of Bethlehem which she had never seen before. Passionately fond of flowers-those most delicate gifts of Heaven the young widow was lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She left the beaten track and struck into the woods, attracted by some orimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. She did not go far, however. When Bhe bad gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oc cupy the ohildren for hours in making bouquets and. coronals, she hurried baok to wards the road, as she thought. But it is easy to lose one's self in the Aus tralian bush, and lost she soon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, straining her lungs to the utmost. " Mike 1 Mike I" Alasl only the discordant cries of'cocka toos and parroquets answered her. "Mike! Mike I" she cried again and again, and then stopped and" listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered olothes, look ing indeed like wild beasts, made their ap pearance. Each of them carried a stout stick in his hand. " Can we do anything to serve you, mum?" asked one of them, ducking his head with mock civility. She controlled her terror, and answered: " I have lost my way, sir. If you guide me to the road, you will earn my thanks." " When one gets lost in the bush," said the spokesman of the two, " it's a matter of life and death. Thanks is well enough. " But if s worth money to find the trail again." " I'll pay you liberally,' said Carmeline, incautiously. " She's got money," said the first ruffian to his companion. The other winked. "Well, mum, I'm agreeable to act as guide,": Baid the man. "Follow us, my charmer. We know the bush. This way." They broke a way for Carmeline through the denBe undergrowth. But they led her such a distance that she became alarmed;, she knew the road could not be bo far ofi.and when they had reached a beaten track she halted. . n " Does not this path lead to the main ? road ?' she asked. " Yes'um. Turn to the right and yon will soon strike it," answered the man she had addressed. We'd go with you, > but me and my pal Ms retired from public life and never show oureelveB to our contemporaries." r " I will now pay you for your services,"s&id; Carmeline. " Yes'um. The regular fee for guidin'' a hindividual out of the bush is two pounds." "Two pounds I" " Two pounds, mam, regular, Brit when a lady's in the case, we deduces half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, if you please." . " Unfortunately all Carmeline's money was together, and she had to produae her little' roll of notes. " Seeing is having 1" shoated the' foremost ruffian, and he snatched the treasure out of : her band./ . ; - Not heeding her piteous cry,the two villiana sprang into the bush. To turn to the right and fly along the path with the speed of the fawn was Carmeline's instant action. But to her horror, at a turn of the path the ruffians again confronted her. - ' . ? . ' > "Halt I" aried-the man who had done, all the talking, brandishing his club.* " Yon are our lawful prize." Carmeline shrieked aloud for help, though well aware; of the hopelessness of human aid. .' " Give her a rap over the knowledge-box," r said the second ruffian. " All right," replied bis comrade, and. a terrible blow laid her senseless on the ground. . , "I swear,"qpid the assailant,as he stooped to lift her, " I believe I've -killed her I" " Hark I" cried his oomrade, lifting a warn ing finger. The gallop of a horse I We're lost 1" . The other villain dropped the lifeless girl, and, following the lead of his accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. Itwas. no false alarm. The bushrangers' made their escape just before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his back, came thundering up the forest path. At sight of the stunned and bleeding woman he threw his horse on his haunoheB by a pull at the powerful curb and flung him-; self from the saddle. The trained animal stood like a statue. "More of these villains' bloody work 1" said the horseman as he bent over Carmeline. " Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved." He ran to a brook, dipped up some.water in the crown of his soft hat, hastened back, and bathed the face of th9 unfortunate woman.; She muttered some incoherent wordB, opened and shut her eyes. When he raised her from the: ground, she struggled with him a moment, and then lier muscles relaxed. : Carefully raising her, he mounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as if Bhehad.been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse ' struck into a gentle canter. Two or three miles of riding on1 the velvet turf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockade fence, up » gentle slope, along an avenue of acacias, to a rude but comfortable farm-house, with out-lying building* scattered round. There was an of freshness about everything, the house and fencing3, whioh showed that-it be longed to a recent settler. . A hearty old lady came to the door to wel come him, but turned pale and held up: her, hands when she beheld his strange burden-; a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathed in blood. : "Mother," said the horseman, Bolemnly, "behold your charge I" " Who has done this cruel thing?" aaked; the old lady, as she received Carmeline into her arms. "Who but the bushrangers? But these vermin shall be hunted from the face of the earth 1" 