OAK ME LIN E:'. .THE CONVICTS' BRIDE. A ROMANCE OF E«AMD AMD AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT. By FRAN0I8 A. BTIBIVAQE, AUTHOR OF 'Tho Brother's Secrjet,' ««a lost life.' ?' Fbnlclroy,' Ac OUArXBK X*. (Continued.) 11 Poverty. I have a long'journey to make —a voyago of months— and it requires money, a hundred pounds.' 'Then you'll have to give it up,' ? said Wilson. ' Where aro the hundred pounds to come from?' ' I ask you for it, I bea it of yon, to save your ohild's lifo. I must go to Australia. I must bo near my husband. It is the last favor I will ever ask of you. I will never boo to you for another penny, for another morsel of bread. Do this and be rid of. me , for over. ' Alas 1 alas 1 I know now that you 'wvnfcyer loved me.' ' wrV iVud why should I love yo.u ?' ?' ' You ask why a father BhouId.Jgvfi _hia only ohild 1' ' You are not my child.' ' Not your child I' ' No. And if your own father oaste you off, why should you expect that I could bo bo sweet on you!' Carniolino saw that he had been drinking deeply, and was uncertain how muah truth there was in what he said. But he went on in the same strain. ' Your father might shell out the needful, but it is not very likely.' ' Of whom aro you speaking, sir ?' ' Of his graoe, tho Earl of Elwood.' Carmoline was oortain now that her sup posed father did not know what ho was say ing. IIo kepi chuckling and laughing, and repeating : ' Ay, ay, the? Earl of Elwood, tho Earl of Elwood. A peer of the realm — holds his head as high as a prince of the blood-royal. Wouldn't acknowledge a poor devil of an innkooper as his brother-in-law, not he. If 1 oould only prove— but no matter 1 Ho Bhellnd out pretty liberally though.' ' What are you saying about the Earl of Elwood, sir?' ' Nothing, nothing. Go to bed; don't bother mo to-night. A hundred pounds 1 Pdhaw I a mere trifle. Of course I've got 'em lying round loose, tied np in an old stooking. or something. I'm rioh, by Jupi ter I Of course you shall have tho hundred pounds I I think I oco myself giving 'em to you 1 Go to bed, go to bed.' Carmoline -iid goto bed with a heavy heart, The nest day she again sought the innkeeper before ho had time to bedoud bis faculties. ' Sir,' she said, ' last night you told rue a strange Btory.' ' I can't remember the day after what I said overnight.' 'Da you remember mo asking you for 0 hundred pounds ?' * ' Something of tho sort.' ' And you resisting my appeal, and saying that I was not your ohild.but the daughter of somo great nobleman.' ' And yoa were green enough to believe me ? Pshaw ! When I'm in my onpB I have strange fancies sometimes, You a lady ant7 tha daughter of a nobleman 1 Tho' sooner you get such notions out of your head the bettor.' - ' I will not dwell upon tho subject sincp you tell me you were only jesting. But, dear father, let me renew my requost. I mutl have the means to go to Australia. My lite depends upon it.' ' 'Well, woll, I'll seo about it. I'll see what eon be done. . I won't forget.' 11 Ksmember,' Baid Carmolino solemnly, ' that my lift depends upon my obtaining that money. I am not jesting.' When Thomas Wilaon was alone ho ohuokled over on idea wbioh had entered his scheming brain. He wont to hia desk and indited a lettor to tho Earl of Elwood— for Carmeline's lather had BUooeoded to tho title— in which he pleaded for a remittance of a hundred pounds, to bo UEed for tho benefit of tho carl's daughter. Ho requestod it should be sont under cover to htm, and he promised, if tho Earl acceded to bill request, that he would never again trouble him for money. The letter was by no means ill writton, and Wilson almost flaltorod himself that tho amount asked for would come by return of mail. Of course, ho never intended Riving Oarmelino one penny of it. Thomas Wilson, landlord of the Goorge, knew better than that. Two days afterward tho letter- earner Btopped at lie Ooorgo Inn. ' This is for you, Mrs. Vernon,' ho said, plaoing a letter in Garmoline'a hand as nlie stood at tho door. She glanced round to seo that no one was looking. Sha had grown suspioioun ol overy ono. Tho London posstmark 1 Who could have written her from London ? It to ad dressed, too, Carmelino Wilson — not her married namo. She hastened to hor room and toro it open. It oontained a ohoquo on tho Overton Bank for one hundred pounds storling, payable to bearer, and was signed ' Elwood.' It seemed a gift from Heaven. Her prayers had been hoard, her wishes gratified. Sho did not stop to nnk how it happened that tho exact sum she wanted came from London. Sho had forgotten thr namo of Elwood— ebo oould think of nothing but thomonoy and all it promised hor. Hiding tho preoious slip of paper, fihe hurried to tho bank. Tho oashior wan slightly acquainted with hor, and nodded. How carelessly ho handled the cheque, glanced at it, find then tossed it in a drawer. r ' How will you have it, ma'am ?' In small notes, if you plonBe.' She took tho money, hid it, and haBtenotf back to the inn. She had' not smiled for many a day, but now thoro was actually something like a smilo on her wan, woarv faoe. ' Her reputed fathor met her nt tho door and noticed her expression. ' You look something like you uood to be,' ho grunted. ,.' J-Mhor, nomo kind friend, Bomo angol in disguise, has sent mo a hundred pounds from London. Was it you 2' 'I™,8,'1!8 means of it,' ho muttered. 11 How did this money oomo ?' ' In a lottor — a cheque.' ' Signed by whom ?' ' 'I don't remember, May wood, or. some Buohnamo.' ' Elwood ?' 'Yes, that was it. Only just Elwood.' - 'An old pal of mine in tha oity. I wrote: to him about you.' ' ' Dear— doar father I' 'No thanks, girl.' Ho was greatly disappointed in not get sing the remittanoo himself, but', on second thoughts, conoluded it was as well to let the girl go. She would never bo a burden or expenso to him. ? When all was arranged for tho journey to London, Bho bade him an affeotionato favo well, and ho made a hypooritioali show of parental offootion. It did ndt, deceive her. She folt that oho waB on unloved ono. .Tho Conqueror, an emigrant ship, lay in the Thames, She was crowded with passen gers eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thousand miles, 'by tho shortest route, lured by fabulous Btoriea of the goldon wealth of Australia. Oarmeline had engaged a steerage passage, bo that sho might at tho ond of hor voyage Btill have somo funds lofi/ to support her until sho should obtain employment in tho far-off, unknown land. A strange mixture of people surrounded her— bad and good, with a predominance of the former. But she formed tho acquaint anoe of a qaiot family, and associated with them exclusively during the tedious voyage of tour months. In spito of gnawing oare, aha folt a thrill of pleasure when at last the land-breeze wafted to the ship tho odorof epioyflowcrs. Soon a dear little, land-bird lighted in tho rigging. Then, as night deoponed, Capo Otway Light sont forth its oheering beams, like tho rays of the Btar of hope. That night Oarmelino oould not oloso her eyes. She sat on tho orowded daok, watching tho oonstollationa th blazed above her in all tho beauty of a south- . em heaven. The next day the Oonqtzsror ploughed hor wayalong the elevated coast ot Capo Otway forest, and entered Port Phillip Bay. Tho pilot came aboard, bringing files of Molbourne papers, which were distributed among tho passengers. One of these was rend aloud by Mr. Jopes, the head of tho family to whioh Oarmelino had attached her- ? self during the voyage. \ ' 'Ah!' said he; ' -heir's something. Two convicts flbctiu trying to oscapa. Servo 'em right!' ' ' '. - - ' Whero did this happen, sir ?' asked Oar .meline. * ? ? . ? ' At Norfolk Island.' Norfolk Island 1— thoplaoa of his imprison ment I Sho forced herself bo say : ' I supposo tho names of theso unfortu nate men aro not given, sir?' [ 'Unfortunate men, my dear ?' said Mr. Jones, ' I tell you thoy wero convicts. No names? Yes; here's tho names in full — Isaao Thompson and Luko Vexnon, the last a desperate oharacter, tho paper says.' With an appalling shriek, tho oonviot'a wife fell to tHo deoh. Mr. Jongs, applied the uaual restoratives in cases of fainting. Tho incident caused but a momentary excitement on the orowded deck. ' Only a woman in a Bit,' paSBod_ from mouth to mouth, and the drinkiDg, singing, and specu lating were resumod after a minuto'e in terval. 'Poor thing!' whispered Mr3. Jones to her husband. ' Sho told mo her namo was Vernon. Maybe ono of them men was her husband.' Carmeliuo was long in ooming to herself, and then tho ellort to appear onlm almoBt killed her. Butane asked to ceo tho paper a after awhile, and, hiding her faoo with tho' broad ahooj, read every word of tho_ fatal nows. The two convicts were attempting to escapo in a boat ; tho guard fired on them, and thoy onnk. Bodies not recovered. Dead 1 dead 1 Ho, whom she loved in spite of his guilt, was dead, and Bho was alouo in the world, thirteen thousand miles from England I Sbe did not shed a tear, and a freezing torper, like that of death, congealed her frame. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbore to question her. 'We bvo going aBhoro now,' said tne good woman. 'Mr. Jones hag engaged a boat to tako us to Liardet'a bench. Will you oomo with us ?' 'Yes: certainly,' replied Oarmelino, in a hurried, flighty way. 'Certainly, cer tainly.' After landing, tho Joneses insisted on her riding with thorn, in a cart they had eDgaged, to Melbourne. They wore going yet farther, but Oarmelino stopped in the town. She engaged lodgings with a Scotchwoman, a Mrs. Murdookson, who had been re commended to her by tho captain ol tho Conqueror. The terms wore frightfully high, yet low in oomparison with thoeo of other ^'SlRive supper, of course?' said the landlady, as sho showed her guest into a 1(1 Only a cup of tea,' gasped Oarmeline. She lafcf aside her bonnet and shawl, then lay down upon the bod without undressing. The landlady brought the tea, wbiolK was swallowed ; then undreBsod ana went to b°'beaafaeaai' Bho kept murmuring, as she presBea her hands to her burning head. OHAPTEK XI. ACSTBAMA— IN THE DDSIT. Carmelino awok« from a troubled sleep un refreahed, and with her awakening oamo o aenso ot her utter dosolation, more poignant han tho agony she felt whon the Btunmng blow of thf fatal news first came to her on ^ffdfys she moved on as in a aream torpW.listloas, despairing.. At last , omm ii letter from the goW diggings at Ballarat. Tho Joneses wero trying their fortune there, and they needed help in the housekeeping. They o£orcd Carmolino bed, board and waGeB far^IU*flSKtaSSfi|O to work, not only boreavoinont. bho answe ^ ^ grants, and more than ono family ™£™» 'TMgJ'Wrt.'SSSSSs p roservo fund in n country whoro a few days illncBS would absorb oven a large? amount. Oarmoline was very ill whon sho took leavo of Mrs. Murdooknon, her kind-hearted land lady, who urged hor to postpone her journey, but her feverish impatience to obtain Bomo thins like a homo in a strange land' urged her forward, _ The distanco to ba traversed was about eighty milos, but as thoro wore bullook teams in the train, tho progress of the caravan was neoossarily slow; rnoreovor,tho road in Bomo places was doop and difficult, and the omi grants oould only hope to rcnoh thoir desti nation in four or flvo days. It was a motley proocsaion of mounted men, tili-oarts, (and heavy baggage wagona, Bomo of thorn piled with housohold furniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well- mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating oarbinos Blung at thoir bsoks, and helmets on their hoads. Whon they reached a suitable spot at night, thoy enoampod and bivouacked in tho opon air. It was no ploaBure trip. At frequent inter vals the emigrants had to travorso swamps of Btioky mud that dung to the wheels of the wagona liko glue.- They passed through forests savage and donso. Sometimes they saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept the country with devouring flamos, leaving hero and thoro great traots of dead, Bcorohed treoa, that loomed up in the night against the starry Bky liko ghastly skeletons. Sometimefl a huge fallen tree barred tho road, and it was necesBary either to how it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by the road-Bide. la crossing a tributary of the Ynrra Kiver, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune. His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a stop furthor. He vainly sought to procure other animals to enable him to keep paoo with the train. Every horse and ox in tho caravan bad as muoh as they could do already ; many of tho draught animals had broken down, and all tho spare ones had boen forcod into harness. The utmost that could ba done for the un fortunate family was to tako them on in ono of tho baggago wagons. But Miko and his wife could not abandon the cart. Iteontained theirlitUor.il. Nor would Carmeline loave them in their distress. She had conceived an affection for these poor honest people. Though thoy did pot urge her, she know that they would bo rejoiced to have her etay with them. After all, what was ono night passed1 ont of doors under a beneficent Australian Bky? -Some of the emigrants went to work ana got Miko's wagon out of the bod of the stream and drow it to a dry plaoo by tho road-aide. The horses did not neod to bo hobbled; they were too tired to stray. By tho time this job was finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered boh in d shook hands with Miko and then started to regain t. Mike's, vsifo-sst ''own on a rook and had a good cry; whilo Carmeline ployed Vfnh'-fcha'' obildren and Mike lit his pipo. \- After this eolaao tho man wont to work,and ' succeeded in a few hours in repairing his wagon. But tho horses were still unfit for work, and night was coming on. Mike thought that they oould manage to sleep oomfdrtably enough under tho canvas cover of the cart, but ho oxpressod a childish fear of ' lioua, tigers, zebrns, alligators, and all thim haytben animals that go roarin1 round seelsin' somebody to devour.' Carmelino, who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that bejhad nothing to fear on that account,for Buoh dan gerout: animals were unknown. ' Sate, thin, it's a blisaed country, miss,' was his reply- ' St. Patriok must Jtiave taken it in hia way when he oame to dhrivo thim varmints out of ould Ireland into the say.' ? Carmelino took him aside. 11 Miko,' she said, 'there aro those who . are more dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles.' ' Ghosts and banshees, miea 1' 'No, no, Mike; but bad men — thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watoh to night. Aro you armed ?' ' Ah, thin, misB, I have as good an Ameri can six-shooter aa money can buy.' ' I hope you will have no ocoaaion to use it. But I would make no fire. Wo oan dispense with tea and coffee,' Following Carmeline'a ndvioo, tho little party made a meal on cold meat and broad, and then orept under tho oovor of the cart and arranfied themselves as woll as they oould for the night— au anxious one, whioh passed, however, without inoident. At dawn of day tho harsh soreams of a hundred oookatooB, making a muBio liko the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in — mogpios, loatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red, and bluo parrots flow from bronoh to branch of tho forest. Tall cranes stalked along the banks of tho river, or stood motion less besido it. Mike had not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow I ho was tired out, and had taken rnoro than one nap, grasping hia revolver, iiowavor. With tho opening of day his toil roeommenced. The hordes, refroshed by a night'a rest, and by eating their fill ot a short, Bweot grnsj, were in a good oon dition. The cart would bold together, pro vided thcro wove- no more bad plaoes to oross. So thoy made a hoarty meal, harneased the tuam, and resumed their maroh. After a short distanoo tha road beoamo borderod by beautiful flowers, and Catmoline Blighted to pluck somo, telling the Mulligans to keep on nnd she would soon overtake them. There wero yellow everlastings, butteroupa, larkspurs, lobolias, orchisBos, and a beautiful flower liko tho otar of Bethkhom which she had novor booh before. Passionately fond of flowers— thoao most delicate gifts of Heaven — the young widow was lured from Bpot to spot by their faBoination. Sho loft tho beaton track and straok into tha woods, attraoted by Borne orimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. She did not go far, however. Whon Bho had gathered an armful of flowers, enough to pa oupy tho children for hours in making bouqueta and coronals, she hurried baok to wards tho road, aa sho thought. But it ia easy to Iobo one's Bolf in tho Aus tralian bush, and lost sho soon discovered that sho was. She cried aloud, straining hor lungn to the utmost. 'Mikol Mikol' Alas I only tho discordant cries of aooka tooa and parroquota answorod hor. 11 Mike 1 Miko 1' she pried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, nnd then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered clothos, look ing indoed liko wild boasts, made their ap paaranoc. Each of them carried a stout stick in his hand. ' Can wo do anything to servo you, mum?' asked one of them, ducking his head with moqk civility. Sho controlled her terror, and answered : 'Ihavolost my way, sir. If you guido mo to tho road, you will oarn my thanks.' ' When ono gets lost in tho bush,' said tha spokesman of the two, ' it'n r. matter of lifo and death. Thanhs is woll enough. ' But it's worth money to flud tho trail agaiu.' ' I'll pay you liberally, ' said Carmolino, incautiouely. ' SIio'h got lDODoy,' snid tho first ruflian to hin oompanion. Tho other winked. 'Woll, mutu, I'm agrcoablo to act as guide,' said tho man. 'Follow us, my ohnriner. Wo know tho bush. Thifl way.' Thoy broko a way for Oarmelino through tho donoo undergrowth. But thoy led hor snob, a diBtaneo thr.t sho became alarmed; aba know the roa'l could not bo so far off, and whon they had rooohed a beaton traok Bho halted. ' Dogs not this path lead to the main road ?'' she asked. 'Ycs'um. Turn to tho right ana you will soon atrilco it,' answered tho man aho had addressod. We'd go with you, but mo and oiy pal has retired from public life and never show ourselves to our contemporaries.' 'I will now pay you for your nervico3,'aaid Oarvoenno. ' Yeo'um. The regular foe for guidin' a mndividual out of the bush is two pounds.' 11 Two pounds 1' ' Two pounds, mum, regular, But whon a Indy h in tho case, we deduoka half on ifc. Hand hover ono pound mum, if you please.' ' Unfortnnately all Oarmaline's money was toRotlior, and Bho had to produce her little roll of notes. ' Seeing ia having 1' shouted tho foremost rufuan, and he Bnatohed tha troaBuro out of hor hand. Not heediug hor piteouscry.thetwo villiana sprang into tbo bush. To turn to tho right and fly along tho path with tbo speed of tho fawn was Oarmolino's instant notion. But to her horror, at'a turn of the path' the ruffians again confronted hor. l: Halt !' oriod tho man who had done all tho talking, brandiahing his club. ' You are our lawful prize.' Oarmeline shrioked aloud.for help, though well aware of the- hopelessness of human aid. ' Give her a rap over tha knowledge-box,' said th,o sooond ruffian. 'AU right,' repliod hia oomrade, and a tornblo blow laid her senseless, on the ground. ' I Bwear,'said tho assailant, as ho stooped to lift her, ' I bolioye I've killed her I' ' Hark !' oried his comrade, lifting a warn ing finger. ' Tiio gallop of a horse 1 We're lost I Tho other villain dropped the lifeless girl and, following the lead ot his aoaomplioe, plunged into tho thorny thiokets, through whioh thoy writhed thoir way like serpents. It was no false alarm. The bushrangora made their eecapa jUBfi before a stout man woll-mountea, with a ropeating rifle slung at his baok, came thundering ap tho forest path, At sight of the stunned and ble'oainit woman ho throw hia horse on his haunches by a pull at tho powerful curb and flung him self from the saddle. Tho trained animal stood liko a statue. 'More of those villains' bloody work !' Baid tho horseman as ho boat ovor Carmeliae. 'Thank Heaven, they loft it unfinished. Her life may yet bo savoa.' ? ? He ran to a brook, dipped up some water in tho orown of his aoft hat, hastened back, and bathed the face of tho unfortunate ivomnn. Sho muttered somo incoherent words, ononed and shut her oyeB. ? . _ When ho raised hor from the ground- .she 3tru{rg(6ctwith him a moment, and then Tier muaoloB relaxed. Carefully raising hor, ho mounted, holding her iii his arma as tonderly as if she had boen a sleeping infant, while at a word his horso Btruok into a gentle oantor. Two or three miles of riding on the velvet ? turf brought them to a olearing, and then paising through a gata in a Htoekade fence, up « gontlo slope, nloDg an avonue of acacias, to a rudo but comfortable farm-house, with out-lying building? scattered round. There wan an of frcshuoBS about everything, the house and fecoings, whioh showed that it bo longed to a recent settler. A hearty old lady oamo to tho door to wel come.him, but turned pale and hold up hor hands when she boheld hia strange burden— a young woman, apparently lifeless, her faoo bathed in blood. 'Mother,' said tho horseman, solemnly, 'behold your ohargo 1' ' Who has done this cruel thing?' 'naked ''the old lady, aa she received Oarmeline into her arms. 'Who but the bushrangers? But those vermin shall ba hunted from the face of the earth 1' CHAPTER XII. . .,'? SWO HEARTS. .-?..???? - When Oarmoline once more opened her eyes to tho light of day and of reason, eho found herself lying in a comfortable bed, round which mosquito ourtains wero oaref ully drawn, in a plainly furniehed room. Tho sun was up. Bho haa overalept her self. It was high time to rise. But, to her surprise, nha founa hcrsolf unable to get out of bea. Then sho glanoea at her arma ; they were all wasted away. Sho passed hor hands feobly over her face ; that, too, was thin and hollow. ' What has happened to, mo ? Wtiero am I ?' sho oried aloud in terror. 'You aro oafo, among friends,' Baid % kindly voice, as an elderly matron oarue forward and seated herself by her bedside. Oarmeline passed hor hand over her fore bead. ? ' I romember,' she muttered, 'something, torriblo. I romember boing attaoked by bush 'rangars in the forest. Who brought ma here ? How long havo I been here 1 - Is this place Ballarat?' ' My dear ohild, you must keep quiet. Ballarat? No, iudoed ?? that'a only a sottls ment of shanties and tents. You aro inn farm-house. My son found you, etunncd and bleeding, aud brought you 'horo. This is my house. My name is'Mrs. Carter.' 'But how lonf have I been here ?' 'Throe weeks to-day.' 'And I havo known nothing all that timo I' ' You havo boon very ill, and out of your head. But last night was tho orisis of your illness. Tho doctor Baid that if you pasHed a quiet night and awoko rational, ho would guarantee your recovery.' 'My doar madamo, I owo you my life.' 'Youowo it to Ono who hoara your cry for help and dirooted my son to yonr rescue,' replied Mra. Carter, solemnly. 'But of this we will speak hereafter— not now. Take this.' Tho good woman hold a cup to tho pale lips of tha sufferer, who drank tho oontontn. Thon, sinking baok on hor pillow, aho dosed her oyea in a slumbor as swcot and pcaooful as an infant's Dr. Bavorley had judgod the patient'a case rightly. Prom this day oho begun to mend rapidly, and in a weok more was ablo to leavo tho room and go about tho house. Tho good woman who had taken sifoh motherly care of her was repaid for all hor watohing and nursing when sho naw hor oharge Reatod in an arru-ohair nt tho window of tho Jittlo parlor on tho first floor, with a clear light in her boautiful oyca, a faint smilo on hor lips, and a f*int ting* of roso-oolor on hor velvet oheoka. ' My son will soon bo horo to pay hia respects to you,' eho aaid; ' Thoro ia hia step 1 I should know it among a thou sand.' Tho door opened ; a manly form onterod. ' Carmolino I' ? ? ' Mr. Meredith I' Suoh wore their mutual exolamation3. Yaa, Oarmelino was boucath tho roof of her old lover. IIo, whom sho had rejootod for a worthless rival, had naved her lifo in the forest ; his mother had oaved hor lifo in tho fnrm-houso. Moredith had not reaoguiaed hor whon ho rescued hor, booauso her faoo was thon bathed with blood from her wound, and ho had not soon -her from tho moment ho httdgivon her into. his mothpr'0 ohnrgo till now.' The old lady was a aououd «ma a widow, honoo her name, Oartor, had pre vented the invalid guoflfling at the truth. . Both .wore greatly agitated, and- it was uome time boloro thoy oould apaak calmly. Meredith notioed the black ribbons on Oarmelinc'a dress— she' had not hod an op portunity of providing a full suit ot mourn ing— and said : ?' You havo lost a friend?' 'My bu3band,'Dho said averting her faoe. ' Poor thing I So young to bo a widow I' enirt Mrs. Carter. Carmoline glanoed up at Moredith. It was an appealing look, and ho understood it;' Sho did not wiah to roveal her painful story. Ho Rave her to understand by a rapid gesture that ho oomprohonded her and would respect her wishes. ' How strangothat you should have known Mra.— I mean this lady,' said Mrs. Carter. ' Ibog your pardon, but you know I' never asked your namo, my dear,' ' Vornon,' said Carmolino, oasting down her eyea. ' YeB, I waa acquainted with Jtfra. Vernon in England,' said Meredith; 'and I am very happy to havo been ot service to hor. , But now you must exonao me, madam,' ho added, addressing Carmeline. ' I lead a very busy life, and I havo a thousand matters to attend to.' Hnd ho remained another momont in tho room ho would have betrayed himself. Ho had need of boing alone to communo with his own thoughts. Oarmeline beneath bifl roif, and a widow I Mrs. Oartt-r waa untiring in tho praise of her Bon. The gooa lady had now seoured'a listener, and sho ran on for an hour on her favorite thome. She told how auoocsaiul Mark had b5en, how lucky ho had been at tho gold -diggings, how fortunato in his land speculations, how well his cattle had turned out. Ho waa always a good oon, she said, and an honest, Btoady man, and Providonoo had bloBBcd him beyond his wildcat hopeB. Carmelino lifltencd with mingled pleasure and pain. Sbo rejoiced at Meredith's success, but sho regretted that sho was a temporary inmato of b.H houeo. Had it been a stran ger's, aho would have been glad to remain in hia employ contented with retirement and hard work. But hor former relations with the master forbade her continuing in his family. She resolved, so uoon as sho had gained a liltlo strength, to leave Merodith'a Hopo, ao ho -had prettily named hia sottle ment, and to acek other shelter. In tho moautime she communicated with tho Joneses, announcing hor safety and her in tention of joining them at Ballarat as soon as possible, requesting them to advanco her a small Bum of money— for aho was nowpenni Iobs— to nav her travelling expenses. The letter remained unanswered. During the delay she made herself useful about tho house, and so endeared herself to Mrs. Carter, by her resignation, industry, and dexterity, that tho old Indy oamo to love her liko n ohild. Of course Ciirmolino was thrown continually into tho aooiety of Mark, who was'ttlways cflunCClS, b«' grave and unim passioned. It waa evident Shfit tuS- Si?...1.?*0 had died out ; ao i or borsolf , hor own lieorij as she thought, was dead within hor. At laat tho long-expected letter from the Jouesea readied hor, having an enclosure of money. They were pleased at tho prospeot of hor joining them. Sho oommunioated the intelligence to Mra. Oirter, and announced her purpose of leaving Meredith's Hopo for B:ill(iraS at onao, Mrs. Carter was thunderstruok. ' Why, my dear, I nover dreamed of you leaving us 1' sho said, and tho old lady began to cry. ' I am tired of eating tho bread ol idlo ne8s,' Baia Oarmeline. ' Idleness 1 Don't talk Buoh stuff as that. Money couldn't pay for tho help you've been to mo. And thon, I thought you'd begun to liko mo a little.' ? ' Like you a little 1 You have been a mother to mo. Prom tho first moment I opened my eyes on your dear faoo, my heart went out to you. Dear, dear Mrs Carter, I loved you,' and poor Carmeline burst into tears. ' Then why won't you stay and comfort tho old lady ? What aro those Joneses to you ? Are thoy relatives?' ' They were very kind to me on the voyage.' '?' And haven't I bcon ? But this will ba news for my son ; I must toll him of it.' ' Say thon, dear madam, that my resolu tion ia irrevocable.' Tho old lady bustled out oi tho room aud did cot return to it. In a few moments the door opened and Mark Moredith atoodbeoido her. He waa even graver than -usual. ' My mother tells mo, Mra. Vernon, that you have decided to leavo us, and is almost broken- hearted aboui; it. I had hoped that you would remain as her companion, and that wo had aucceedod in making you oom foitablo here.' ' Mr. Merodith,' answered Oarmehno, trying to imitato a calmness, ' the moBt tranquil and comfortable days of my life havo been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owo you moro than shelter, I owo you my life, and whon I am far away from here, night and morning will I pray on bended knees than the ohoiocst blessings of heaven dosoend in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hopo.' ' 'Meredith's Hope I Merodith'fl Desola tion, rather, when you havo loft ua I' oried Mark. All hiB stoioiam vanishea. ' Carme line 1 Oarmoline 1 you aro the crudest of women. Do you think a man who once . lovea oan over forfiot? Do you think I oan forget tho poor little barefooted girl who tonded sheep on Overton Oommon 1 Do you think I oan forgot the boautiful woman who touohod my heart as no woman ovor did beforo or ever oan again? ? You oould not love mo thon, bat I did think that the bitter oxporienoe of life had ohanged your heart. Waa it not Providonce that reunited us after a long separation ?— I still adoring, you onoo moro f rco to liaten to mo ? Carmeline, whilo you were anothor'a I oould Btill tho beatings of my hoart, could find iu toil an anodyne to agony, but now I now 1 there iB nothing bids me bo silent, nothing bids mo refrain from deolaring my undying lovo. Carmelino I Carmolino I Again I ask you to be my wifo.' ' I am penniless, and you aro rioh. ' Had I all tho gold in Australia, I should bo poor without your lovo ; with it in povorty I should bo woalthy.'i Oarmolina prosaod hor hand to hor heart, and leaned against the window-frame for support. Merodith sprang to her sido ; he took hor hand | lie drow hor to him ; hor head dropped on hio shoulder. Hiding her faoe, Bho fal tered out : 'Oh, Mark, I lovo you! How I lovo you 1' Then, by a sudden transition, Bho pushed him away from hor, raised herhoad, ariod her Bti'uaining eyea, and then said: ' Yes, Mark, I lovo you— lovo you dearly— so dearly that I oan never be your wifo.' Mark Meredith fell from rapturo to deB pair. ?! Why— why ?' ho aakoa, in a tono of tho bitterest a^ony. ' Because J am a convict's widow.' ' Will you permit, your miBfortnna to stand in the way of my happiness ?' asked Meredith. ' Hear me, Mark,' said Carmolino, and she now epoko quite oaltnly ; ' I have asked. ' you to oouceal my story from your mother, and you havo dono so. Now go to hor and tell her all.' ' Do not ask mo to do that.' ' You suo that 1 was rjght, But if you do not toll her, I will. Mark, listen to your mother ; sho will tell you that I know ray duty; Bho will console you whon wo'oro parted forever.' ,',..'? ' ; ' (7ci le conttniwd.y 