INTERCOLONIAL SUMMARY. VICTORIA. The Sandhurst gold returns for the year show that the production has been 216,772 oz. A large fire raged on December 30 in stores occunied bv the Melbourne Storage Com pany and other farms. The premises con tained 40,000 cases of kerosine, cornsacks, castor and other oils. The stores were the only kerosine bond in Melbourne, and this was the first fire that has ever occurred on the premises. A vast amount of damage was done. The fire was extinguished before noon on the following day. The intercolonial cricket match, Victoria v. New South Wales, has been won by Vic toria by an innings and 67 runs. The scores were— Victoria, 471; New South Wales, 168 and234. Mrs. (7. A. Sala died at Menziea' Hotel on December 31 of peritonitis after an illness extending over thirty-six hours. Mr. Sala was in Sydney when she was taken ill, but he arrived in Melbourne by express train before her death. The body was buried in the evening in the Melbourne General Ceme tery, and the funeral was very private. On the afternoon of December 30 a hat in the Chinese camp at Haddon caught fire, and in two hours the whole street was reduced to ashes. Altogether about seventy bark and weatherboard houses were destroyed and 300 Chinese rendered homeless. The revenue for the quarter ending Decem ber 31 amounted to £1,569,857, being a decrease, as compared with the same quarter last year, cf £19,218. For the twelve months ending December 31 the total was £6,247,466, or an increase on that of the previous year of £60,103. The principal decreases are £25,382 under the heading of 'auction sales of laud' (which have ceased under the present Act) and £39,288 interest on public account. Captain Strachan's New Guinea Expedition is reported to be returning all well and suc cessful. A cricket match between the M.C.C. (Aus tralian Eleven) and a Victorian team has been won by the M.C.C. by 10 wickets. Messrs. Service and Berry will represent the colony on the first Federal Council. Extensive bushfires all over the colony have done a vast amount of damage. A farmer named Thomas Minogue, of near Geelorjg, has been committed for trial for ill using his mother, who had placed property under his control. Failing to get her in a lunatic asylum, he built a cell on hia farm and confined her there, often in a strait jacket, and deprived her of food and meanB of cleanliness. The wharf labourers, numbering 870, have struck work, and men are being obtained from South Australia, New Zealand, and New South Wales to replace them. There will probably be a disturbance oa arrival of the men from the other colonies. Sixty lumpers at Geelosg have also Btruck. In Melbourne !50 plasterers are out on strike for forty- four hourB'.labour a week without a reduction in wages. Some contractors have acceded to this request. The stonemasons are contemplat ing Bimilar action. The millers are also going out on strike for the eight-hours' system. The sugar-sorters have struck for ls. 3d. an hour. The millers' demand will be acceded to condition ally on South Australian and country millers granting the same concessions. The Argvs gold returns for 1885 show that 783,671 oz. were raised in the colony, being 9,341 more than in 1884. 