INTER CO LONIA L. MELBOURNE, January 5. The heat throughout the colony is intense and terrible bushfires are raging in the Western District. 3ÙELT50URNE, JaU. 5. The wharf labourers' strike con- tinues. Huddar, Parker and Company have laid up their steamers Nemesis and Ooorangamite and intend to lay up also the Windoxwi and Burrumbeet when they arrive. Mr. J. Paterson has decided to act similarly iu regard to a number of his steamers and Messrs. Howard Smith intend to do the same with some of their larger steamers. Two hundred and twenty plasterers struck yesterday night on account of a dispute with their employers regarding the eight hours que&tiou.; The tender of Messrs McAllister and Stanmore for the construction of the Camperdown-Terang railway for ¿£37,000 has been accepted. MELBOURNE, Jan. 6. Mr. Service and Mr. Berry leave for Tasmania on Jan. 21. William Bailantyue, a lad, deli- berately shot at his father who had threatened to beat him, but did not hurt him seriously. Two farmers have heen stuck up and robbed. SYDNEY, Jannary 5. The years revenue amounted to ¿87,588,667 being an increase of ¿847i;076. Tho expenditure was £8,816,683. The Governor has consented to open the Art Exhibition in April. SYDNEY, Jan. ê. The military court of enquiry into the charges against Lieut. Airey is likely to conclude its sittings to- morrow. It is intended materially to reduce charges ou telegraphic messages to New Zealand. BRISBANE, January 5. The Dorunda will be released lrom quarantine tomorrow. The health ot tue patients is gjod. The amount ot claims for compen- sation to planters on account ot the retuin of Pacific Islanders under the Act passed labt session is«£_0,00ü. BRISBANE, Jan. 5. The Noi til Glanmire Mine, Gympie got forty our.ces of gold on Saturday ; good gold ii still showing. '1 he revenue returns ot las>t quarter show a total revenue of ¿C6_2,000 and an expenditure of £900,OJO ; the credit balance ¡stands at =£310,000. AUCKLAND, Jan. _. " An extensive fire has occurred at Waip.ira, Hawke's Bay district. AUCKLAND January 5. A conspiracy to defraudan Iusur ance Company has been discovered and the culprits have been arrested. Jan. 6. The St ud Compamy have sold a full brother to Nordeufeldt for 830 guineas to Mr. VY. liobiuson, and a full sister for 475 guineas. ADELAIDE, Jan. 5. The weather is extremely hot and eleven cases of sudden death i'ro.u the heat are reported. Destructive fires have occurcd at Mt. Gambier, Strath- albyn, Brownhill Creek, Mitcham and 2 llerton. 