TERRIBLE BUSH FIRES. On Wednesday last a bush' fire, which speedily assumed extensive proportions, broke out near Stratford, in the Taranaki province, N.-Z. A telegram - said : — The whole country is covered- with dense smoke, which envelopes everything, obstructing the view for more than a few yards in any -direction. From the en trance to the bush at Normanby, some ten miles from Stratford, all along the railway line there is nothing I left but smouldering fires, which need but a puff of wind to fan them into flames, and work farther destruction. (-Sourly burned-out families arrive telling -of more disaster. Special trains "ran tSrom Hawora for the purpose crfrtaking women and children to a place of safety. The peoplo were panic stricken, and their homes be fore the flames reached them, taking shelter in ditches, 'Ac. One family was reported to be miesing, subsequently turned np- -Others were wailing for the loss of children, friends, or relatives. Over thirty-four bail dings were destroyed in Stratford, and a railway bridge was burned down, 'SE'ho veiw roots .ef the grass and trees lharned :in the ground. :'The country was -enshrouded in- dense omoke, a lurid glare pervaded the-ccene for miles and an angry-red glow appeared to stretch from -east to west along the horizon. A speoial train was sent by the Government ifrom '"Naw Plymouth with a fire brigade. Subscription started in that place iu a short time resulted in -£S90 being collected. The extent of the fire-was fonr miles -towards Mount Lin, five .miles inland, twelve miles towardg Haw-era, and ' two .miles towards Inglewocd. There were escapes and heartrending -scenes. The destruction to property .-amounted rio fully £10,000. Advices were received iin Mawera on Thursday to the effect that fires had not- revived ; but that all was blackness and- desolation for miles. In ilasterton the township was eur-j rounded by fires. The thermometer' was ;l£6deg in the sun. ffJaneru, another township, was surrounded by hush fires, but was protected by wet blankets. Bushfires also occurred in Helens- ville, Rakaia, in the Clarke and Motu- piko Yalleys (Nelson) and several other ;plaees. 