SILVER READINGS. Tilt) popular fortnightly entertainment designated " Silver Readings," in aid of the funds of tho local M ichamca' Institute, was held last evening, in the Town Hall. There was a very good attendance of the public, the building being nearly filled. Mr Hartshorn occupied the ohiir, and briefly introduced to the audience the vocalists and others who took pirt. iVIisj Fuirthurne opened the programme by playing a pianoforte solo in a brilliant manner, which WS3 followed by Mr Uoodchild with a reading from Pickwick, given in his usual humorous way. Miss Bunker recited a pathetic piece entitled " Willie liowe," which was niven in good style and oyoked hearty applaus°. Miss Inwronce, of M»ama, rendered that favorite song, " The JTlowor Girl," in an exceedingly creditable stylo, and she received her sharo of applause. Mr Oliver followed with •' Nil Desperandum," his deep bass voice being heard to advantage during tho rendition. Mr Dowzor gave an amusing humorous roading, entitled "Daniel O'Rourko's Adventures," which was well given. Mr Brigga gave a recitation from Shakespeare in good style, for which ho was doservedly applauded. Miss Medlend sang that pretty song, " Tho Gipsy Girl," with pleasing effect, and was loudly applaudod at (lie conclusion of the Bong. Mr Goodchild gave another reading from "Pickwick," illustrating the shooting expedition and tho impounding of Mr Pickwick for tresspass by Captain Bigwig, tho rendering of which wni effectively, given and was greeted witji: much applause. Miss Goodchild gave a recitation on!itled "The Bushfir'e," by Ksighley/the locil iiuet, in an oxcijodingly clei'er : manner, whioh was acknowledged by tho plaudits of tl* audience. Tho programme was brought to a termination by Miss Fairthorno playing a solo ou tho piano, which was faultlessly given. Tho chairman, on behalf of the committee of the institute, thanked the ladies and gentlemen who had amused the audience that evening, and also the local agent for tho AVorthoiin Sewing Machine Company for the use of the piano. He also announced that 011 Monday evening next tho usual debite would take placo in the hull, when Mr • .Downer will move—" That it is undosirable to open the libraries and museums '.on Sundays." 