Land Legislation Wanted. There are indications that the Parliamen tary Session is drawing to a close j but it is also becoming clear that, while there is much need for prompt legislation upon certain features of the land question, there is no prospect of obtaining it before Parliament is prorogued. The House was informed the other day that an amending land bill would be laid on the table before the session closed } but tlie announcement was made in such a way as to suggest that when the bill had Tiaayi iiln/iail nnAn flia *\ ?! 4- l.i'i jJ*M-vvv* U^vii w«3 IU nuuiu UU leil) to lie there. ? Perhaps nothing more could be fairly expected under the circum stances. We are now in the second week of September, and have not yet begun to consider the estimates for the . current year. Some effort should be made for deal ing in better time with the expenditure for 1887\. But this session must close ; there must be a recess j and another session must be opened before anything can be done in that matter. To. touch the land question is like the letting out of water. Unless the Government could bring in a short bill dealing with : a few matters, to the satisfaction of everybody, and the House could at the same time be persuaded not to propose a single amendment to enlarge the scope of it, the practical treatment of any - portion of this large question could hardly be thought of. It is not to be expected, in' the light of . experience, that members would be willing so to control themselves. And yet there are some matters which, if Belf-denial were the rule, and superfluous talk the exception, might even now be attacked beneficially. ' * . One of these is the better treatment of the scrub lands difficulty. An attempt to dispose of that was made in the Act of 1884 5 but, whether through. an imperfect understanding of the subject, an in adequate appreciation of the danger to be provided against, an undue distrust of the good faith of pastoral tenants, or through other influences, tho difficulty waB not effectually, disposed &f.; And, to make a bad matter worse, the unfavourable seasons and tho low prices of pastoral produce have tended to cripple the energies of the men upon whom tho brunt of the conflict with this new enemy has first fallen. . It is a thin# to intecfoxc with the equilibrium of nature. Destroy the native dogs, and the country is overrun with the mar supials which they had before kept under. The removal of one nuisance may be the in troduction of another, and perhaps a worse. In the old days injury was sometimes done by bush fires running through the long dry grass. The occupation and stocking of the land have kept down the grass and stopped the bush fires j but since then, with that check upon its growth withdrawn, a dense scrub has taken possession of large areas of land and literally evicted the flocks of the nominal tenants. How can sheep be kept where pine plants spring up like the stalks in a wheat field, from fifty to seventy of them to the Bquare foot of soil ? And this, according to the Herald's special commissioner, who has been travelling through the invaded country, j has been going on, with varying degrees of rapidity, through a belt of country extend ing from the western into the central division for a length of 260 miles, with a mean width of 130. Two questions present themselves : How is the further spread of the scrub to be 9 ? nvtil Tl ^TfT *i n 4-lk A vuuuuvu 4 ? auu Uv TV AO UUO V/UUIjUCXOU l/Cill LUl^' to be recovered ? Special terms were offered by the Act of 1884 to induce people to keep j the scrub under control, or, where nothing less would suffice, to grub it up and so destroy it. But people on the spot have found the fight to be a costly one, and the inducement offered them to engage in it insufficient. Clearly, the business of the Government is to offer such inducements as will make it worth men's while to undertake this enterprise. Failing that, the land will probably go out of occupation, and yield no returns either to the State or to private industry ; whilst a still worse danger is threatened, should it pass into the occupation of the rabbits, and become their stronghold and breeding place. This is a matter of such urgent im portance that if our Parliamentary machinery were in effective working order it would receive prompt and practical attention. There is another matter as to which some amending legislation is desirable ; but all that seems possible is for members of Parliament to talk at large around and about it. 'There was such a talk on Wednesday for some hours upon a motion for adjournment, and after the talk the House decided not to adjourn. The question ven tilated ' was tho mode of dealing with temporary tesferves after revocation, and the method of disposing of land within ' special areas ' proclaimed under the Act of 1884. It is well known that there are large numbers of these temporary reserves, the need for the reservation of which has passed away with the repeal of the old land law. At the same time the division of the runs, which was practically a reservation of one half of each from Bale during the currency of the new leases, has provided new reasons why reserves or resumed areas should be brought into the market for sale or settlement, except where the public interest calls for their con tinued reservation. At the RiiMA tnmo if [ were simply a revocation of the reserves, much of the land would be sacrificed through the ordinary process of free selection, seeing that it is of special value, worth £2 or £3 cash, or even more, per acre. Here, however, comeB in the provision made by the Act of 1884 for the proclamation of ' special areas,' within which free selection can only take place under special conditions. Not more than 160 acres may be taken up, and the Minister may fix the price (not less than 30s.) per acre. Mr. Copeland has proclaimed some of the revoked reserves as special areas, and has also advertised the land for sale by auction, if not conditionally purchased before the day of sale. He has been blamed by Bome members for doing this because, as l.llfiV 'hnlrl if. lfl Vlrtfll nrvAH/v i*t illegal to sell these lands by auction. It is quite legal, because there is nothing in the law to prohibit it, but on tho contrary abundant authority for it. The limita tion to : 160 acres may, . however, in' some situations preclude the land from free selection, so. that the only chance of procuring the due value for it is to allow it to be sold by auction to the - neigh bouring squatter. There may be cases where this would be clearly undesirable j and what appears to be required is an amendment of the law that would give the Minister greater freedom of action in laying out the land for conditional purchase. Mr. Copeland proposes to incorporate a, provision to that effect in the new Land Bill. 