A " Brunswick."—1, Tta« annual grant to Hie Queen In cludes the following- Items :—Privy puree, £60,000; £281,960 salaries oi household; £44,040 pensions •od retiring allotmnoae to lervuti ; end £13,000 for royal bounty, alma, and special eervlcee. t The cost of government in England doee not ad mit of bring compared with that of the United State*, as lit the latter many of the charges (such, administration of Justloe, edu for example, as the . cation, &o.;)fall upon the individual states. The total expenditure for Great Britain and Ireland in 1886-6 was £89,011,000. It inoluded - the following itemsInterest on national debt, £27,219,000; army. £18,238,000; navy, £12,008,000. The United Stales expenditure in 1886 woe 287,034,181dol., oonslsting of such Item* as civfl expanses, 2l,965,604dol. ; pensions, 63,404,864doI.; mUitary. 84,824,155dol.; navy, 13,007.886doL ; in terest on public debt, 50,&80,llCdoL ; sinking fund, 4 4,651,043d ol. "J. 44."(Schuca).—There are at least 20 cities in Europe and North America having a larger popula tion than Melbourne. " Tasmanian Subscriber."—We have been unable to trace the quotation in the form given by you. It roust be a variation of the followimr:—" Heu 1 Quaoto minus eat cum reliquU vet-sari, quam tul inenimlsae," whteh is the poet Sbenstooe'a epitaph on Mlas Pot man. Byron quotes it at the head of one of his occasional poems {Thou art fair, Ac.). The trans lation is, " Alas I how little the pleasure of con vening with those who are left compared with that of remembering thee." ' C.H.M."—The Adelaide Exhibition ia to remain open, we believe, until the end of the year. The award* are now beimr published. If you are an ex hibitor you can obtain information at the offices of the Victorian Commission, Market-buildings Mar ket-street, Melbourne. Mr. K. Murray cinilh is president of the commission. 1H. Fyke."—'The information mav toe obtained through a private inquiry agency. You have plenty of choice in if ol bourne. i The Poems of AdamLindsay Gordon.—Messrs. A. &. Massinaand Co., the publishers of Gordon's poems favour us with a reply to the comments on the text by an English correspondent, which appeared in last wenk'a .Supplement. The following are the essential parts ot tbeir letter:—"The late Adam l.iudsay Gordon placed the MSS. of his poems in our hands for publication. They were put into type, corrected in tbc usual manner, and the proofs sub mitted to tlic author in the customary way. What ever alterations he made were duly attended to, and a revised proof submitted to him. The collection was not sent to press before he had approved of every line, nay, every word. It is very well for your oo(respondeat to write as to how oertain lines should be constructed. With that we hare nothing to da Our function was to print Gordon's poems as he wrote them, and that, notwithstanding anything said to the contrary, wc did. If there are metrical errors or false rhymes—and we do not say there arc not—they ere Gordon's, and it is palpably unfair that the blame should be placed on the shoulder* ot the unfortunate printer." " 11. H." (Springturst).—V. Ward, Lock, and Oo., I Queen-street. 2. Cassell's. "S. T. B."—Write to Melbourne Builder* Lime and Cement Co., 4 Elizabeth-street. The local rate* for lime range from la 6dL to Ss. a bag. " W. C. M."—The Duke of Edinburgh landed in Adelaide (his first port of call), on October 80, 1867. " 8. S."—1. Tbe troops sent to Ballarat at the time of the riots wore detachments of the 12th and 40th ltcgiuients. 2. King, the survivor of tbe Burke and Wide Expedition, died at his residence, St. Kitda, on January 111, 1872. 3. The relief party, under Mr. Alfred fioaitt, buried the bodies of Burke and 1 Villa at Cooper's Creek. Afterwards, in order that they might lie Jaceordod a public funeral, the re main* were brought to Melbourne by Mr. Mowitt, wbo had been despatched on a second expedition for that purpose. 4. A revolver waa placed in Burke's right hand at his own request when dying. It was afterwards found lying near Burke's remains by Mc. Howitt, loaded, capped, and rusty. " Sundowner " (North Queensland).—'■ Squatter* in Victoria were not ' hound to give sundowners * a oertain quantity of flour and blanket if required." . Zhet is to say, there was no fatw or regulation com* pelling them to do it Sundowners, as they are called, were made welcome, eometimee because they were wrioome, and sometimes from motives of policy, or as a preventive ot bush-fires or the letting down of elip-raila " Gitcomo Sullivan."—L We cannot Under!ake to give the dates of the arrival of every dramatic or operatic company which baa appeared in this colony. The Carandini opera company first ap pearerffu I860, and the JSeeott-Bquirer company in 1862\. The first company of Italians (Barratti. MondL Ac.) appeared at the Theatre Hoyal, Mel bourne, under tbe management of Messrs Lister and 6mith, on February 6, 1876. 2. The dis tinguished ringers you name never came to Ana trails. " Yerreman."—In Great Britain the sun is due south at noon. The reverse is the case here. " G. P."—Mr. Caunson waa in the legislative As sembly during the time ol the Use M'Cnfiorih Administration, being one of the " stonewall" door perty then in Opposition. He took his mat oh May 23, 1875, and the H'Cullocb Ministry was formed on October 20 of the same year, holding offioe until May, 18??.. " High-street."—Manriietter is 182 miles from London in a direct line; and 185}- runes by rail. "EE. M." (Duaedin).—DecBned with thanks. 