News From (Jraiia. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) Evkk since the 9th, on which day the pre- . exiatitig thundery and showery weather came to an end, and the last cause of excite- ' ment occurred, the atmosphere of this place has been both literally and metaphorically calm. The weather has been dry, but its " temperature excessively variable, some days having been very warm, others cool, if not; cold, the nights being continually the latter. ' To such changes are, no doubt, owiug the colds, more or less severe, which are every- * where prevalent, assuming in some cases the forms of bronchitis and chest affections. Ia addition thereto, the phigue of flies is very bad. people's eyes being the great sufferers. The Prince of Wales' Birthday celebra tions went oft vory well, such being a public picnic and a concert iu aid of the School of Arts. At the former the attendance was larger than on any previous occasion, while the latter was the most successful entertain ment of the kind given here. Since then everything has been quiet here, people laying themselves up for the events of uext week viz , the raccs and the Catholic bazaar, both of which, weather permitting, promise to be very successful. The week before last the first bush-fire of the season hereabouts took place on a portion of Brookong, but was extinguished before much damage was done. On the 11th the monthly meetiug of the Hospital Committee, adjourned from the 4th, was held, Rev. G< \V. Adams in the chair. Rev. R. Thwartes, Messrs Ormered, T. Kilgour, and Dr. Cascaded were like wise present. The minutes of the pre vious meeting were, ou the motion of the Rev. R. Thwartes, secouded by Mr. Kilgour, confirmed, and the corres pondence was road. This consisted ot (I) a letter from Mr. A. Hacker, whose plans for the additions to the Hospital had been ap proved of and accepted, re water-pipes for the new building ; and (2) one from Mrs. Coehrau, of Widgiewa, ottering a cane couch, a screen, and a quantity of books for the use of tho inmates of the Hospital. The former letter was ordered to bo received ; and the Secretary was instructed to reply to tho latter, thanking Mip. Cochran for tho gift in tho name of the Committee, and regretting her approaching departure from the district. Moved by the Rev. R. Thwartes, seconded by Dr. Cuscaden, 41 That tenders for the erection of the now wards ho called for by advertisement, the same to be returnable on December 23rd, aud be cousidored at a special meeting to be held on December 30th." The following accounts wcro passed for paymeut, -Steward and matron, £8 Gs. 8d.j T. GofF, £8 16s.; Wiso Bros., £2 2s. 5d.j G. W. Lamb £1 17s. 8d.; J. Campbell, £1 5s. (jd ; Mrs. Ashcroft, £1 2s. 4d.; W. Elliott, 17s. 6d,; Mrs Scofietd, 14s. Owing to the muniliccnce of Mr. J. Coehrau of Widgiewa, our School of Arts may be now said to bo free from debt; that gentleman having on lua visit to the township ou the Kith, handed over to Mr. G. \W Lamb, ono of the guarantors of tho building,' a cheque for £140, which together with Hon. \\\\\ tlaliday, promised £50, and the proceeds' of the late coucert, about £16, will make about £205, something move than half the debt due, the Government subsidy covering the remamder. Upon the rcocipt of the cheque Mr. Lamb invited ns mnuy of his friends ai were at hand to moot Mr. Conhran at the I'rana Hotel, and join him in thanking the luttev for his gift. The following gentle. men assembled.-Messrs. H, Itnylia V.M.> Newton, Lamb, Hays, Gel), Anderson, Wak loy, Kilgour, Hill, Smith, Dr. Cuscaden and* Urett. Champagne having been called forr Mr. Lamb proposed Mr, Cochran's health, and on behalf of both the townspeople autV tho reeideuts of the diatriut, thauksd hiuy for hia generosity. Others of thoao present likowieo spoko. Mr. Couhrnu briefly replied, i stating that ho considered the presentation of tho money to tho institution tho most fitting way of leaving behind him a memento ; of hia 28 years' residence in the neighbour' liood. It lias been resolved to preaotib that gentloman with ao illumiuated address, since ho will not accept of a banquot. , November 22. 