PAST SERVICES RECOGNISED. In another column will be found the copy of a'testimouial presented to ex- President and Councillor H. S. Parfitt, by the president and former members of the North Ovens Shire Council, on the oc- casion of his severing his connection with that body. The substance of the memok rial will speak for itself, and the setting, writing and illumination, the work of Messrs 1 Ferguson and Mitchell, Mel bourne, are worthy of the subject, of the council and of the recipient, being ex tremely chaste and elegant in design and execution. Of the events alluded to in .the testimonial, and of many others in which Mr Parfitt took a leading part, such as the establishment of the Wanga- garatta Agricultural Society, we our selves have a vivid recollection ; but as we lately had occasion to refer to them- wo need not recapitulate them here. Suffice it to say that for a quarter of a century no man in these districts has filled so large a place within the public view, and, we may add, in general esti- timation as, a leader of men, than the gentleman whose name is here mentioned: Indeed, his ability and devotion' to public business were so remarkable, that had he earlier turned his attention to politics, he must by this time have achieved a position in the colony which we do not yet despair of his attaining. Welt might he exclaim, also in his pri vate capacity, almost in historic words, "Had I but served my own interests as diligently as I have served those of the community, I might now be enjoying the fruits of my labors." Nor were his ser vices confined to the affairs merely of his own district, as was proved by the energy and intelligence which he brought to bear in organising the movement for the re duction of the railway grain freights, a task whieh to almost overyone else ap peared at first to be an utterly hopeless under taking, and which nothing but the most indomitable pluck and determination, combined with a rare talent for organisa tion, could have brought, to a successful issue. "Wa heartily endorse, therefore, all che commendations of his colleagues, as expressed in the testimonial,' and in the speeches which accompanied its pre sentation, and wetrnst that the promised Electoral Bill will give Mr Parfitt the opportunity of again presenting himself to the upper portion of the Moira con stituency, whieh is now eo sadly ne glected: "Mr Pabsttt's -reasons for de clining to stand for re-election as a member of the North Ovens Shire 'Council — being, we believe, that he no longer holds large interests in that muni cipality — do not, happily, affect his capa city and desire for taking active part iu public affairs, and, as a matter of fact, he still is a member of the Wangaratta Borough Council; bat his abilities and experience fit him for, and entitle him to, a higher position aud a wider field for their exercise. It would have been as nngracions on our part as it would have been on that of the council to allow Mr Parfitt's partial retirement from a scene where we have witnessed his many battles, and his equally nu merous victories, to pass unnoticed. ! Licensing. — The annual licensing meet- j ing will be held at the Beechworth Court house on Monday afternoon, at half-past, -two o'clock. The business will, it is ex pected, occupy about an hour, as there are a large number of applications to be dealt with — the area comprised in the Beechworth licensing district being an extensive one. After the court, at half- past three, a meeting of licensed victuallers will take place at the Star Hotel, to con sider the provisions of the Licensing Bill now before Parliament, and other matters. The Incoming Maig. —The P. and O. ComnaHv's Roval Mail steamer Britannia, with the English mails to the 11th Novem ber, arrived at Albany on Wednesday. She should reach Adelaide on Sunday, and Melbourne on Tuesday. Gun Accident. —A boy .named Reuben Jerritt, .residing at Myer's Flat, near Sandhurst, met with an acoident on Tues day, whilst Bhooting with some compan ions. His gun went off unexpected.1? aa he was standing against a stump, ana h0 received s portion of the charge in th'e right hand, inflicting serious injury. He was fttKfidod t? at the hospital. ) Fire at Beechworth. — -'ibout oAclock 011 Thursday morning the fireball rang'6ut an alarm in-Beech worth, F,nd the -rising-of a dense column of smo'ie (indicated the scene of . the fire to be a\\- the rear cif Mr Jas. Warner's butcher"s shop, in Gamp- street. The firemen, were quickly in attendance, and lost no time in getting to work to subdue the f/ames, , which had got a firm hold of tli a interior of a brick building used in co miection; with sausage- making. With a good stream of water and well-directed exertions on the .part of the fire-brigade, the fire was soon ,.got. under, much to the relief of? adjoining property-holder.s. Mr Warner estimates his loss at £100 ; as besides the damage done to the building, a' new sausage-, machine will have to be procured, until which time 110 small-goods can bo manu factured by him. The amount of insur ance upon the property destroyed, together with the stable connected with the estab lishment, is only £75. How the firo occurred is a mystery, and can in no way bo accounted for bv Ml Warner, who was in Melbeurno at the lime, and did not return to Beechworth till Thursday night. The alarm was first raised by the night- watchman (Mr James Cross), who rang the firebell vigorously, until relieved. Christmas Cards. — In (reply to Mr Coppin, in the Assembly on Thursday, Mr Derliam said the suggestion that persons sending Christmas, birthday and New Year cards should he allowed not only to write their names thereonj but also to exchange compliments, was a very happy one, and he would take steps to have it carried out. . ' The Weather. — Summer has now set in in earnest, and the heat on the plains is as great as in any previous, year at this time, and has the effect of ripening the crops and drying up the grass, which latter is most luxuriant, owing to the late rains, and great care will have to bo exercised to prevent the occurrence of bush-fires. On Friday last in Beechworth the thermo meter reached 127 degrees in the. sun, and in the shade, at the district survey-office, it attained 87 degrees — the hottest day of the season. The Revenue. — The. Premier has re- oeived from the Under-Treasurer a state ment showing the position of the revenue. In November there was paid into the public Treasury £596,406 ; in the cor responding month of last year, £521,790. The proportionate receipts for the five months since June were estimated at £2,898,672 ; the actual receipts amounted £2,858,872, leaving a deficiency of £39,75S. Mr Gillies believes the Es timates will yet be more than realised. The Education Act Amendment Bill. The Minister of Education states that in the present temper of the House he fears there is very little hope of getting the two clauses left in the Education Act passed. The title has been agreed to, but beyond that the ' House refuse to go, and Mr Pearson has almost abandoned the last ray of hope that he will be allowed even the shattered remnant of his latest pro posals for the amendment of the Education Aot. "Taking Them Down." — The axiom that "unity is indispensable to success" will be fully appreciated by some residents of Germanton, who have just had a rather negative experience of its truth, remarks the "Border Post." The other day two strangers to the town, .and apparently strangers to each other, dropped in at different periods. The first visitor claimed to be capable of wonderful performances in long jumping, and after satisfaction had been submitted of his prowess in the direction indicated, . No. 2 came along. He also could jump, and the local "sports" with very little hesitation and every confidence, matched their first made acquaintance to jump the other, who was willing to back himself for £20. A match came off, and the latter won. It now transpires that the two men were mates, and the affair was pre-arranged. They have departed for Tuinharurnha with the nice little stake subscribed for tliein by the Germanton "sports," and they no doubt will be heard of shortly in that locality. One of them is a half-caste aboriginal, wlio . oonao' tima ago Was dis qualified for unfair running in Albury, and he has an additional rsmrd nr., nf the same character scored at Wodonga aud further down the railway-line. A Snake in an Egg. — During our. ("Qtieaubeyan Times") journalistic career, extending over some years, we have never had brought under our notice a more sick ening sight -than that oh Sunday evening last. A resident of the country on that day brought to the office an unusually large egg, in which, through the beautifully pink shell, could be distinguished a dark winding stripe. It was intended to leave the egg as a curiosity regarding its sice, but, through some suggestions as to what caused the black mark, it was opened, and the cause was at once apparent. Tho for mation of the egg was exactly similar to an (ordinary oue, with the exception that a miniature snake, acalod as tho ordinary reptile and with a flat head, was c<y!'l it round the rich-looking yolk. It was i.b " six inches long and as hideous looking as one of six feet, and had all the "points" of a common black snake. As far as we are now concerned, it will be the means of ous letting "bargains in eggs" slide to everlasting perdition, for the sight was a sickening one. Cycling. — A quarter of a mile has been covered on a tricycle in 40.35 seconds. The hero was F. S. Buckingham, and the performance, which was accomplished in England, will constitute the record until it is lowered by some other wheeHst. At the same meeting in Coventry F. W. Al- lard did 50 miles on a tricycle in 2h 43m. 53 3-5sec., which is also a "best 011 re cord." Mining at Chiltkrn. — A Ghiltern telegram states : — Burton and Son finished a crushing 011 Wednesday of fifty- one loads of stone from their claim on Beards- more's Hill. The yield was 224oz ildwt of smelted gold. Archer and Son haue also had a crushing from their reef near Marengo, Black Dog Greek, of nine teen tons of stone, whieh gave 44oz of smelted gold. Benefit Concert. — It is intended to tender a benefit to Mr Jaa. Cunningham, jun. (who for so many years past has rendered valuable assistance in tho pro- motion of entertainments in tile town), in tho shape of a concert in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, on the evening of the 2nd January. A meeting of all in terested in the matter will be held at the Albion Hotel at 8 o'clock this (Saturday) evening, to arrange preliminaries. A Gorgeous Spectacle. — The ceremony of investing Archbishop Dunne, of Bris bane, with the palfium was performed 011 Sunday morning by Cardinal Moran, of Sydney, in St. Stephen's Cathedral, which was densely crowded. The interior of the edifice presented a gorgeous spec tacle, the decorations being rich and elaborate. Iu the afternoon Cardinal Moran laid the foundation-stone of. St. Patrick's Day- school,, gji a site in Ivory- street, Brisbane, near thy .-Ail - Hallows Convent. He wa3 assisted by Archbishop Dunne, Bigfiop Cani, and a Targe number | of the clergy, - Qyer £2000'" lai.i .on J tfie stone. . Ola. J. : ,1-mnful Accident. — A little 'ooy named! Johir pMwMahonj:. a son of Mr Bernard McMahon;- of- Wangaratta, -met with a very painful accident 011 Thursday evening last. He was sitting in a conveyance outside his father's house, when. the horse, by some unaccountable means, bolted, and the child was thrown from the cart violen tly to the ground. He was immediately carried into tho house.' ; Dr Carroll was summoned, and found that the elbow of the right arm had been completely dislocated. :The doctor carefully set and dressed the limb, arid we are now glad. to hear that the youngster. is recovering quickly, and that no fears are entertained that the injury will be a draw back to him in after life. Wangaratta Gun Club. — A meeting of the above club was held 011 Wednesday evening, .at Harris's Commercial Hotel. -Mr- R. Harris occupied the chair. The minuteB of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. .The following accounts wero.jpassed for payment Alfred Fox, £11 19s 6d ; Alfred Fox, £11 15s ; R. Harris, £2; Crawford and Co., 18s Gd. The secretary announced that Mr H. D. Griffiths, of Laceby, had kindly offered a ten guinea trophy to be competed for under conditions most suitable to the club. The offer waB thankfully received. The follow ing fixtures were then made for the ensnino- quarter .-—Friday, January 22nd, 18S8, first competition for. trophy value £10 10s, presented by Mr H. D. Griffiths, to be wori twice tiy points, seven birds, 2Q3 optional sweep ; also seventh competition for trophy presented by Mr John Reid, seven birds, 20s optional : sweep ; also trophy value £5 5s, open to members shooting at 24 yards and under, 10s entrance; and 10s optional sweep, five birds. Friday, 12th March, open handi cap of £70, to be divided as follows: 1st £50, 2nd £15, 3rd £5. Nominations 203 ; acceptance, due on the morning ,of tho match (seven birds; under Wangaratta Gun Club Races. Also competition for grand gun, value £25, open to all comers, en trance on the ground. The following handicaps were declared— F. J. M. Mars- den, 31yds ; P. ' W. Jackson, 31yds ; R. Jarvis, 30yds, W. Maude, 30yds ; D. Jarvis, 29yds ; G. Billson, 28yds; J. B. Mclnnes, 27yds ; G. Willett, 27yds ; A. Kueebone, 26yds ; W. Frew, 26yds ; J. Moore,. 26yds ; W. Paul, 26yds ; J. John- soil, 26yds, J. Fulton, 26yds, A. Richards, 26yds ; A. Plum, 26yds; W. J. Osbold- slone, J. Rowej Trickett, .T. Mason, O. Dight, A. Crisp, J. Paul, H. Sharland, 25yds ; A. Frew, J. H. Mclnnes, R. Rixon, J. H. Hart, T. Wadley, Frauen- felder, W. H. Peard, F. Yonarx, R. Harris, W. K. Allan, G. O'Brien, 24yds ; C. W. W. Hogg, J. O'Brien, Walker, E. Evans, Pinkerton, Foster, J. Moffatt, G. Maxwell, 23yds ; W. Howell, H. Griffiths, A. McEachern, 22yds ; C. Stone, J. Tatty, J. Norton, F. Heach, T. Chadd, 21yds ; R. O'Brien, S. Osboldstone, J. Bowser, 20yds ; M. Maloney, J. Langley, J. B. Docker, W. Painter, C. Morrell, j. Raid and F. Kettle, 19yds. Hasty Legislation. — The Justices of the Peace Bill, a bulky measure, com prising upwards of 200 clauses, which was recently received from the Legislative Council, was read a second time and dis posed of in a committee in two hours, in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday. The bill consolidates the whole of the existing law as far as justices of the peace are concerned, and confers new and important powers upon the minor courts. Mr Wrixon explained the details of the measure at some length, and the lay members were disposed to pass it in globo, but Mr Duffy, Dr : Quick, Mr Tu thill aud Gaunson objected, and clauses in which they desired amendments were considered and slightly altered. The remainder of the bill was passed in a lump, and, indeed, iu one instance, upwards of 100 clauses and 20 pages of schedules were passed without either " the marginal notes or the numbers being read by the clerk's assistant, .observes the " Age." Members accepted the assurance of tho Attorney- General that the measure was "all right." and did not trouble themselves further. Mr Wrixon spurred members up to this extraordinary pace by remarking during the disciission that unless they accepted the bill in globo and refrained from making amendments it could not be dealt with during the present session. rr.oMoijiON. — Thurs(W« " o-ippslarid Mercury'staces :— Mr. J. L- is well-known in connection with carrying firms in Sale, has been promoted to Wo donga, arid will leave on Friday morning. During his resideuce in Sale he has gained universal goodwill by his modest and un assuming demeanor, together with his readiness to oblige 011 all occasions, and he has rendered good service in connection with many charitable objects, and alse in connection with the Sale branch of the Australian Natives Association, as secre tary. A number of his friends propose to entertain him at a social gathering, when a souvenir of their esteem will be pre sented to him. We are sure that he will take with" hiin to his future abode the warm wishes of many for his success in life. The New Name. — It is probable that in-, view of the opposition of tho othe colonies to the appropriation of the name Australia by New. South. Wales, Sir Henry Parkes will not proceed further with the bill now before Parliament authorising the change of the name. The Lee's Crossing Postal Con venience.— The following letter,- dated the 7th inst,, has been received by Mr Tuthill, M.L. A, from the Deputy Post master- General: — " With reference - to previous correspondence on the subject, -I have the honor, by direction of the Post master-General, to state that instructions hav6 ibeen issued for a loose-bag to bo made up at Beechworth, addressed- to tho officer in charge, Leo's -Crossing railway- station, during the ensuing three months, in order to ascertain whether the corres pondence for the locality justifies the establishment of a poBfc-office." A Disastrous Fire.— On Tuesday last, Mr John M. Ives, manager for H. H. Warner and Co. in the colonies, manu- facturers of Warner's safe remedies, re ceived a cablegram announcing : the des truction by fire of tho extensive London .warehouses of the firm, involving loss of something like £50!000. Iu the ware houses at the time of the fire was tho Hon. EL EL Warner's great painting, " Niagara in Winter," by Oaineron, 9ft x 18ft in size, and valued at £6000. It was being packed previous to .-shipment- to Melbourne to be exhibited iu the Centennial Ex hibition, for which it had been entered. The picture was a remarkable one, and had excited a lively interest among all who had seen it. Outside of Mr Warner's" loss, the loss to the world of art at large is one that cannot easily be filled. The Holidays. — The Government have decided upon proclaiming Monday, the 26th, and Tuesday, the 27th, of December, as public and bank holidays, in connection with , the observance of the season of Christmas, and Monday", 2nd January 1888, aa a holiday wiCh which to open the Now Year. In South Australia, Wednes day,. the 28th of December, . has been 'i.zettod a holiday, but .unless istrong influence is brought to boar by the trading 10 mm unity, that will 110t.be the case here, remarks Friday's "Herald." j Firewood iv. . . „. m , for the supply ofF. the Ovens District H?rd? £ fir0W®d t0 to the 19th inst., are else"!' recelvabl3 "P -vr _ >ere invited. the j>ew Year s jl /-. c , ce-meeting. — Owners of horses are reri.- , ,. - ,, „ aded that nominations for tho Handicap and Town Plate, iri cb with the forthcoming meeting \ol!?n Beechworth Amateur Racing Qju ® Baarmutha Park, - close on WedA 21st inst. The night of general en jk' the 31st. The-hon. secretary (Dr Desh,? inrorms us that he has already reoeivj j several letters from owners in the Alburj' district, intimating that they intend to havo their stables represented at Beech worth 011 New Year's Day, and, from what we hear, there should be large fields to contest the various events on the programme. ' f Baarmutha.— The following, in reply to a query as to the meaning of the name Baarmutha, has been handed to U3 by a very old resident: — 7" I cannot recall who first told me the native name of Beech worth and the creek, nor did I recollect the name itself ; but I was informed by one or other of three persons, namely, Sir Francis Murphy, Dr Mackay, or Mr John Reid, who is still living (Mr Robert Reid's brother), that the meaning of the aboriginal name was ' The Falls of Water,' and when, the word Baarmutha cropped up again it struck me that it -was the name originally given to me. This the more especially seems to be correct, as I subsequently heard from another source, which I also forget, that this name did actually mean ' falls of water,', or waterfalls — including the falls at Newtown, that into Reid's Creek, and those into Sydney Flats, above the Woolshed. I take it that the first syllable, from its frequent occurrence as ' Baar,' or £, Bar,' as in Barwidgee, Barna- wartha and Baranduda, means ' water.' Mr Howiti, of Sale, could inform you on this point.".. Transfers of Publicans' Licenses.— A question was raised at the annual sitting of the Metropolitan Licensing Court on Thursday with reference to the transfer of an hotel-keeper's license from one house to another. His Honor -Judge Chomley (chairman of the court) decided that there was no power in the act to allow such transfer. The proper course to pursue is to surrender the license for the old house, and take out a fresh license for the new one> The Late Mr D. C. Mc Arthur. — The will of the late Mr David Charteris McAr- thur, formerly manager of the Bank of Australasia, was -proved-., on Thursday. The will was dated the 28th July, 1842, when Victoria was known as the district of Port Phillip, in the colony of New South Wales. The witnesses to the will were Mr Charles Thomson, bank manager, late of Launceston, and Mr David Ogilvv, late of Melbourne, both of whom have since died. The will gave all his property to his wife, ' Caroline McArthur, who has' re nounced her duties, as executrix to the Trustees, Executors and Agency Com pany. The late Mr McArthur died on the 15th November, 1887, at Heidelberg. He left real estate L26,775, and personal pro perty, L3440. Beechworth Mutual Improvement Society. — The above society met on Tuesday evening in the IridependentSchool- room. The secretary presented a draft of syllabus for the coming quarter, which was adopted. Mr J. Young was proposed as a member, and Mr A. J, Keillor as an honorary member, and on. the ballot being taken, the president declared both unani mously elected. The members were then requested to write out one question each, aud these being mixed up, were drawn in order, and short impromptu speeches made thereon, as follow: — Mr Harper : What clana of reading would, you recommend to members of this society ? Mr Darvall : Is thereany significance in dreams ? Mr Greig: What is the cause of the saltness of the ocean? Mr Tattam : Do yon belisve 111 a place called "Hell, "-or is there a place of eternal punishment?: Mr Floyd : Give a short essay on elocution ? Mr Morton : Do you like pastry ; if so, what kind do you prefer? Rev. J. Wilson : Should the Chinese be excluded from the colony,,., 3 P'1 Mr Knight: Should excursion tr»>'"- no „„.. ».» oi.«oim0o X>ay r iVlr Greig : Should bachelors be taxed ? After the speeches were over Mr Morton exulained that in reading his subject he had misread the word "poetry" as "pastry." This caused a hearty laugh, as the two were so widely different. Several visitors attended, and .spent a very pleasant evening, listening to the impromptu efforts of the members. The Sydney Municipal Frauds. — The Sydney correspondent of the " Telegraph" on Wednesday wired :— It is stated on good authority that- the Town Hall swindles, of which Bradford and his clerk were convicted, amounted to nearly £40,000. The clerk, who was recently, released from gaol on account of ill- health. also asserts that the frauds amounted to nearly £40,000, and that as much as £500 each .wa3 paid to officers still in the municipal service. The de velopments of the next few weeks will be awaited with interest by the citizens, as a motion of Alderman Harris, carried some time ago, for a thorough investigation of the accounts, has not yet been aeted upon. Building Society. — The monthly re port of the City of Melbourne Building Society, as prepared by tho manager, Mr C. J. Richardson, showed total receipts for November, 1887, £55,478 9s 2d. Of thic amount £27,466 was received on deposit, £2582 in savings branch, and the balance in repayments on loans and on investing shares. During the same term £37,497 was advanced on mortgage. A Go-ounce Nugget. — A solid nugget of gold weighing <55ozs was found in the wash at the .East Duke Co-operative party's -claim at Maryborough on Wednes day: The sinking is 94 feet, and there are three or four feet of wash about 250 feet in width. A machine of dirt washed last week yielded 7ozs of gold. The party consists of ten men, who hold under lease from the Crown 64 acres. A nuggGt weighing 70ozs was found in the same locality several years-ago. Albury Stock Market. — Messrs Chas. L. Griffith and _Co. report : — Cattle. — 350 yarded, ever 200 of light useful beef well suited- to local requirements. Best pens bullocks sold to £7 : best pen« cows to £5 :10s ; store steers, 2 to 3 years, to £4 IO3 ; store cows, to £4 5s ; pricea for fata -showing- a; decline on late rates. Sheep.— 5000 -yarded. Best fat wethers .sold, -to. 8s'.-2d, fat ewes to 6s 7d, store wethers 5s 6d to 6s 7a, aged ewes to 4s o-i ; prices being satisfactory to vendors. The Cad ex: Encampment. —Con tingon ta from'- the Bec'uii worth Grammar and State schools'cadet-ctfrps, to the number of about 50, will proceed, under Lieutenants Keage aiicl Gillespio, on Wednesday, to take part in,- the > cadet: encampment at Elsternwick wK cli extends over four days. This (Saturday) afternoon at 3 o'clook the Beqchworth cadets will engage in skir- mishiug drill-. at Baarmutha Park. Mr S. Marsh- will sound the notes (for "retreat," advaucs, " &e.;) on the bugle, so as to iccnstdm the boys to them before leaving or Melbourne.-- 1 Fire. — On Wednesday morning, about 8 o'clock, tho residence of Mr J. Stanton, near Ruthergle'n, was burned to the ground. -The fire broke out in the dwelling-house while the family were at breakfast in a kitchen- attached, and was not observed until it had got a thorough, hold'of the premises. Mr Stanton cannot account for the fire, and it was with great difficulty that one of the children was rescued from the burning house. Store Cattle Sale. — Messrs R. Gib- sou and Co. announce the sale of 1250 head store cattle at Wodonga on Friday, 16th iiiBt. - \ Attempted : Suicide. — Mr George Mac- "rie, secretary and engineer of .the Buln P"" Shire, on Monday morning, whilst in a j lirVm3 . condition brought on by . Jpvtvwork, attempted to cut his iron. . lav.3(; advices Mr Mackenzie was recovering,. Victorian Rcgg„3 in England. -An extract from a London - received by who Llal 1 a£a£e3 --MlS5 Alice Corn well, :wlio has sent to Engla.,; ,,r„vlrpqpnI tative of Victorian gold miniU took her two latest nuggets from the Mk, Mino the "Lady Brassey" (270oz.), a>q "Lady Loch" (670oz), to the Maiion nouse, in response to an invitation ffGn the Lord Mayor. His Lordship was rev ceiving a distinguished company of ecclesiastical dignitaries, to all of whom the monster lump of pure gold was an interesting novelty.. The great nugget (the seventh largest ever found in Victoria) is to be melted down in a few days, and is meanwhile on view in Cornhill. An Authority on Advertising. - — Barnum, iu addressing a number of busi ness men at Bridgeport, the other day, said: "You ought to use printers' ink every day. You are asleep, and want your business to run itself. Standing advertisements command confidence. The man who for a. year or two lives in one community and leads a reputable life, even though he be of moderate ability, will grow into tbe confidence and esteem of his fellows. On the same principle a newspaper advertisement becomes familiar to the reader. It may seldom be read. Still it makes the name and business of the man familiar, and, constantly appearing in the columns of a paper, inspires confidence in the stability of the enterprise." The very widest publicity should be given to these wise words. Breach of an Old Sabbath Obser vance Statute. — At the Koroit Police Court on Wednesday, James Watson, of Orford. was proceeded against by Sergeant Kelly for a breach of anAct of Parliament of the reign of Charles I. The offence consisted iii driving a loaded woo! waggon through the township on Sunday, October 23\. The magistrates, Messrs Norman and Dufftis, inflicted a penalty of 20s. The statute under which this copviction was obtained .was passed in 1627, and is entitled " An Act for the Further Refor mation of Sundry Abuses Committed on the Lord's Day, Commonly Called Sun day." The preamble states that, "Foras much as the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, is much broken and profaned: by carriers, waggoners, carters, waiiimeu butchers and drovers of cattle, to tho great dishonor of God and reproach of religion," it is enacted " that no carrier with any horse or horses, rior'waggonmen with any waggon or waggons, nor carmen with any cart or:carts, nor wainmain with any wain or wains, nor drovers with any cattle, shall . . travel upon the said day upon pain that everyjperson and persons so of fending shall' rlose .and' forfeit 20s for every sucn OHence. Xne act fur ther provides that' the amount, of the penalty shall go to the poor of the parish, subj'ect toa portion of it, not exceeding one-third, goiwg to the informer or prose cutor at the discretion of the magistrate. No More Sunstroke. — Mr Thomas Walker, of the Sydney University, tells us of a method by which the heat of the sun can be entirely neutralised, so as to pre vent any inconvenience whatever, evetv on the hottest day. The plan is. simplicity itself, all that is necessary being to line the hat or parasol with material of the thHOrderlra 8reen> orangHand Diirnl A .-. thpn"- 'nru"il,e3e"are .particular colors which absorb the thermal properties of the sun's rays. The theory of this absorption of heat by the three colors named ha3 been obtained from Btudies of the spectrum analysis ; and its practical correctness has been proved, Mr Walker says, by actual experiment, by which a person's head has been kept perfectly cool on the hottest day. 