NEWS OF THE DAY. At a meeting of the Cabinet, held yesterday, the contract for a mail service between Great Britain and the Australian colonies was under consideration and present contract expires on the 31st December this year and the negotiations for its renewal have now extended over a long period. In their endeavors to arrange a new contract, the colonial Governments- New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia have been met with many difficulties, latterly with estimates, from an unexpected quarter In April last the Peninsular and Oriental and Orient Companies declined to accept the offer of a reduced subsidy of £160,000. A fortmght later the postal coutrtois vero considered hnfo-e tho lmpenal Con terence and then after «orne h'tle delav the Agents General's so it a lomi memorandum to the Imperial l'otjlii)vto";Ginttrttl suggesting a little moro expédition on In» part. 5lr Rnikes sont a final offei to the P and O and Orient Companies nnd it was agreed bj them ' to accept a Mib'idy of £83 000 pel annum ear,h or £170 000 in all Lach company consented to the proposal that they should < arry direct to England such letter^ a= wero not marked f] e lallv vii Brindtsi, so tint the reducod postage bcner-io, mi)¿ht bo brought ' into operation, and tho oirtland carriage avoided About this time in eflort was made to próvido a "d rate fpr se>a homo letters as an alternativo to tho Od rate chaiged forliansit ovoi tbe ratlrays of Pran e anl Italy from TJrindiii. Tust as matters were approaching i settlement tho present deadlock arose It is the result"1 of in attempt mido hv the t ondou and Provincial Chambers of Commerce to induce the Imperial Ponima^ter General to reduce tho postal rates haying regard to the surplus revenue lhe Chancellor of toe I \ohequer declared however that if he did this ho would bave to increase tho income tas> Tho Lords Commtssionevs of thB Treasury objected to such alarga sumJas £170 000 appearing on ti a Estimates for the colonial pjostal service while the receipts on account of po tige only amounted to -C8 i OOu Iho Commis ?»roñéis desired to vary tho Imperial responsibility by making the colonies pay ¿lO.'.OOO and the Imperial Government £08,000 'J ho Govornmtnts of each of ti o colonies protected aeain->l tho propoailb ot the Lords Cmnmssioner« After receiving the piotest from tho \gcnts General, the Imperial Government modified their original proposal by agieung to pay a sum ot -C90.000 per annum to the contracting com- panies on condition that tho subsidy of tho Aliétralian colonies be find at £80 000 This proposition was considered at the Cabinet meeting, but the Govern- ment could not see their way io accedo to it. iho Premier, wo undeistand, will communicate with the Goiornments of Victoria and Qouth \ustrahi on the matter with a vier to a pint representation being mado to tho Impenal Government The feeling of the Mmisieis was, that the colonie^ hal been treated m a very imhanusomo manuel by tho authorities in hng'antl frti- I egishtive Assembly proceeded with business at ati early hour again veelèrduy, and bj 11 o clock last night tho Ban! ruptcy Bill had boon passed through comtnitfee lhe number of members present during tho sitting was not laigo, both «des of tho Chamber showing empty benches, but Opposition members were moie conspicuous than Ministerial supporters for their al «ente Mi^ts Melville, I letchet V> al'tor, and O bullirán wore away attending the 1 ight- hour Herron stratton it newcastle and Mr Dibbs, Mr Abbott, and Mr Oarvaii were absent for tho most patt of the sitting This, no doubt, contnbutod to the expeditious manner in which the Bankruptcy Lill was d^alt mth Tho third reading of the bul was fi\od for 'Vt ednesdaj next. Il-jT tiefore tho Assembly adjourned last night Mr Barns hid a document upon tho tab'e, and made a statement with refotenco to tho cliargo brought against Sir Henty Parko3 in relation to a pioperty amon_Bt his assets know n as the Montpelier I state fio document and the stat°ment went to show that tho pnrcha«eis ol lots on the citato numbcied seven that none of the pioceeds of tho salo passed into tho baud» of ^tr Henry Parkes, and that tho Colonial Mutual 1 ita \«çui inca Societ>, the holder of the hr«t mort6age on the property, is prepaiod to exécuta the lea=e-t foi all tho purchasers who may comph with the cond lions under which they purchased The docu mont laid upo i the tablo gave tho names of the seven purchasers oC lots on the estate, and showed that Mr \\*t ]hiraphiie3 purchased leases of l8 portions of the estate Mr 1 Pvvder of 12 portions and Mcst-rs George Ii oi ton, G IT I eu ton C O ¡sullivan, L M'Cormack, and T \ M'îîamara each the lea.se of one portion, Trn Munster for Works will receive a d«putation to- day fiom the public meeting held nt Redfern a few days ago" le peoting tho manufacture of locomotives in the colong. A deputatton representing the residents in too Boboitson district will wait on Mr Sutherland re- garding the Lons ruotion of a railway fiom Bowral to Bobertoon' " I \^ n aro informed that, m do'erence to the wishes of the leaders of the protectionist party, Mr Jo=eph has withdrawn fiom the content at st Leonards. Tn:n members for the nepean and Parramatta, Mobsis Leos and Taylor, have been impreasmg upon the Minister for Woil s for some timo past the noces sitv for bhug-ing in the AVe->tern morumg tram earlier than 120 am, its present time of,arrival They received a letter from Mr Sutherland yesteiday to say that a new time table was being prepared, and in it provision would bo mado for this tram to be timed to arnyo in Sydney about 9 a ra Comoro de « respecting Major Parrott's report was yesterday laid on the table of tho Legislative \ssemhly. hrom tho iirst letter it appears that on August 1 1887, Major Parrott forwaided tho docu- ment to Mo Government oflico", addressed to "lhe Uoii "Sir Henry Parkes, K CM G , Colonial Secretary, S\dne\ " On seeing that relotence had been mado to tho suDject in the Pmhamcntan debates, Major Parrott \\\ iota on October Í8 to tho Colonial Secretary regrplting that the bon. gentleman had fallen irto the enor of thinking tint the report w-is sent to lum m his pnvato capiwlv aS the idea of regarding it as aurthmg but an official documui' had never occurred to him lins el cited a reply fiom Mr Critchett Y/alker, the Principal Lnder I Secretary, explaining, that i£ the report lind been seat to the Colonial Secretary simply as an 'oflicial document it would, " iu the usual course of business, bavo been opened by the writer a* the permanent head o£ the de- partment, and would have been ' duly re- corded before being submitted " to < the Colonial Secretary. Mr. Walker's letter ' continues ¡ "Tho Colonial. Secretary desires mo to . add that you must have a etranga conception of an * official document'' to consider it a proper course of conduct io piara in the hand» of other peisons a copy of tho report which you wish to be so legardcd. I ara riow directed to return', the report to your hands) and to remind you, as a roldior holding her Majesty's commission, that if i jon dowra lo officially communicito with the Government, you should do so through the General commanding the force-,." Major Parrott replied lo this pxprosBing his inability to understand why any mipap pre-hension should have been caused by the manner of liis iorwaidiirg the report, und added, ""My authemioa liou having been received direct from the Minister then occupying tho position of Colonial Secretary, I deemed it my duty to lorward the report resulting" therefrom diieet to the Hon. the present Colonial Secretary, and, as a matter of courtesy, to his predoeessor, from whom 1 received my credentials. 1 regret that the report in question should not bo thought worthy of considera- tion." FROM the reports of the proceedings of the Queens- land Parliament, telegraphed by our Brisbane corres- pondent, it will be seen that Sir Samuel Griffith, the Queensland Premier, and Mr. Dutton, the Minister for Works for that colony, have within the past few days made some sweeping accusations against Sir Henry Parkes, respecting the position he has assumed as regards the New Guinea question and the intercolonial railway. With respect to thean mattera, Sir Henry Pnilteo informs us that he has told the Prime Ministor of Queensland that in due time he would do all that oould bo expected of him in respoct ,to New Guinea, Some time ago-soon after he (Sir Henry) carno into o'lieo-Mr. Douglas, the lligh Commissioner for British New Guineo, ippliod to the Government for ita contribution in support of his administration. Tho share of New South Wales was paid, and the Premier afterwards told Sir Samuel Griffith that the Govern- ment of this colony was not disposed to evade ov to ia any way chirk the obligations imposed upon it hythe preoeding administration. With that, Sir HenTV I thinks, he ought to be satisfied. It appears as if the I Q "ciclnnd Premier i* iyyinc to forc« the mstje". but ti.« iiovo:n*rent h'-m ra* a' peic "'to ¿èa1 wirti ot,,or . . l'a'iness, winch the Perrier Ut.r.ksol far more pressing i importance than this. He has net replied to Sir Samuel's importunate letters, because he could give him no further reply than he had already done in the interview he had with him some time ago. He can only say as regards this Government that they are willing to join the other colonies ia providing for the administration of New Guinea, but it is inconvenient to bring the matter before Parliament at present. Regarding the inter- colonial railway, the Premier does not hesitate to say that he is much annoyed at the action of this Queensland Government. Tenterfield is one of the finest inland towns in Australia. It is only 12 miles from the border. Its position is charming, and it is supplied with excellent hotel accommodation. It would be a convenient stopping-place for the travellers of both colonies for the journey from Sydney to Tenterfield, and from Brisbane to Tenterfield is long. It is in every way desirable, even in the interest of Queensland itself, that the break of gauge should take place there. On the border at Wallangarra there is nothing but a desolate wilderness. There is not a human habitation to relieve the savage wildness of the place. The soil is bad, and there is no prospect of a town ever springing up there. The Premier is not disposed, therefore, to favour the project of the Queensland Government of creating expensive station buildings there. The Premier feels that it is a wilful and unneighbourly act on the part of the Brisbane people to insist upon the station being at the border when there is such excellent accommodation at Tenter- field. He feels that he is only discharging his duty to the colony in objecting to the erection of any building at the border township. Whatever buildings are constructed in that barren desert will have to be done by Queensland. The Premier will communicate his views on the matter to the Queensland Government in the course of the nest few days. From a return which was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday by the Minister of Mines, it appears that the cost of maintenance of the public watering places constructed in the colony during the two years ending September, 1887, was £6493 17s. and the revenue, derived from the same source £1329 16s. 2d. The number of tanks constructed was 29, wells 8, and dams 3, making a total of 40 watering places. The expenditure above mentioned was made up as follows :-Caretakers' wages, £0093 17s. 6d. ; tools, £200 ; and overseer's travelling allowance, £200. As against this this amount collected by caretakers reached £902 6s. 2d., and.the rentai of 9 watering places leased brought in £127 10s. The sum collected by caretakers is stated to have been unusually small during lhe>period ia question owing to the abundant rainfall, i ' A nF.TCn~* showing the rents recommended by the local 'land boards in the Western, Central, and Eastern divisions was yesterday produced in the Assembly. Tho dillercnca between these and the rents determined by the Minister of Lands exhibits incroase3 ranging from one farthing to fourponee por acre, but io the majority of cacos tho additional sum charged is only from a penny to twopence. The rents vary from lil por acre to lO^d., but in some instances in the other districts, and in nearly all in tho Wcstein division, no increase was made by the Minister. As announced in our issue of yesterday, a return waa laid on tho table on Wednesday evening, at the instance of Mr, Wall, showing the total number of engines era ployed working goods and passenger traffic during the twelve months ending September, 1887, between Mount Victoria and Penrith and Penrith and Sydney. Mr. Wall has now made a comparison between the amount of the expenses in connection with the work- ing of tho trains on tho line from Walle- rawang to Penrith and the cost of the proposed Colo Valley line. The figures show that the cost of woiking a line with steep gradients Í3 far greater than one with easy gradients. He estimatos the cost of the Colo lino to bo £1,500,000. Tho inteiest on that would bo £00,000, and he thinks theie would bo a net profit of £02,090. Mr. Goodchap in his report, for I860 stated that the averago cost of running tiains on lines of all grades was 4s. Sd. per mile. Tari Minister for Minos, accompanied by several members of Parliament, left Sydney last evening by the Southern mail tram, on a visit to Lalie "Urana, where he will inspect the works of water conservation now m progress. The party will proceed by rail to Wagga, and will then be driven across the country to Urana, where they will be ontertained at a banquet on Saturday evening. The Minister for Publio Instruc- tion left Sydney last night for Tuena, for the purpose of inspecting a site for a Publio school, about which there is some dispute. He was accompanied by Messrs. Garland and Jemneret, the members for Carcoar. TrtE Mayor of Sydney (Alderman A. J. Riley) having visited the Belmore Markets on Saturday morning last, has written a minute to tho town clork m which he points out that many improvements wai have to be' effected before the markets can be said to bo a ciedit to the Corporation, either in regard to buildings or, Sirper- vision, He states that he has given instructions to the city architect to prepare specifications for thoroughly renovating the buildings, and has called the attention of the inspector of nuisances to the necessity for certain sanitary improvements. Re- ferring to the various shows and attractions in the open Bquare, the Mayor writes as follows:-"During the hour 1 remained thero-between 8.S0 and 9.80-I did not observo anything particularly objectionable, with the exception of a gioup or two of larrikins and larrikincsses assembled near tho swings. They wero behaving in a disorderly manner, to which 1 drow tho attention of the special constable. It appears that these characters are accustomed to congregato about tho>o swings; and I ordered that the proprietors should have notice to remove thom after nest Saturday, and that tho special constable should bo instructed to repress any blackguardism, within 'the enclosure in future." The City Council met in committee of finance yesterday, the Mayor (Alderman A. J, Riley) being in the chair. " The business done was not of great im- portance. It was decided, on the motion of Alder- man M. Harris, to recall the advertisement which appeared in yesterday's Heraîei, calling for tenders for certain improvements at the King-street Wharf. Some of tlie aldermen stated that Alderman Jeanneret was the lcs'oo of the wharf, and that as he was paying tho council only £100 a year for it, he should carry,out the improvements al bia own oipense. It was unanimously agreed, on the motion of Alderman J. Han is, '-That the Government should bo requested to introduce a bill empowering the Municipal Council of Sydney to float a loan tor the purpose of ptuchasing the system of water supply carried out b'y the Government, or to carry into ofl'eot any schemes that tho 8¡»id Municipal Council may horeafter deem advisable.'* It was also deter- mined as an e-cpeiiment on the motion of Alderman Jones, to erect a tefuge (similar te those PTected in London in tho busy streots) at tho intersection of George and Park streets. The=e motions to bavoeffeot must, of courco, bo ratified by the Council. The Mayor announced that the City Fund wa3 in debt to the extent of £53,569 'Os. 3d,, and that ho bad pressed tho Government for rome lime, though without avail, to pay the endowment duo to the Corpoiation, which amounted to upwards of £31,000. Ho was plea"d to sa} now, however, that Sir Henry Parkes and tho Treasurer (Mr. Burns) had promised that the Corporation phould receive a cheque for the amount this morning. At a final meeting of the committee of the Pros- pect and Sherwood Branch of the Queen's Fund, held yesterday afternoon, Mrs. A. F. Smart presiding, it was reported that the subscriptions to date amounted to £55 2s. 9d., including a sum of £49 11s. 9d. already forwarded to the cential branch. It was decided to call in the outstanding lists at once, and the committee dissolved after a vote of thanks had been accorded to Mrs. Smart, president. Tns Parkes Fund Committee met yesterday at tlio Town Hall, and reported the receipt of numerous sums of money since tho previous meeting. Subscription lists were posted to tho various municipalities through- out tho colony, and Lets were also distributed in the city and suburbs. ' Trrs annual meeting of the Now South Wales Rifle Association was continued yesterday at tho Paddington rango, when the weather was a decided improvement on that of the two previous days, but still by no means such at favoured tb« marksmen. The scoond Btago of the Queen's Match was begun and concluded before lunch, the leading prizo being won by Privato C!a-k, of the I>5t Jlegiment, with a score of O'. T.u- ' Cojipfiiv Kcpre'int itivo and ilr:cwi Tiophy Match ' was won by tho Xa ó battery of Ino Volunteer Artillery, but p'¿lests weio entered by the Naval Brigade and 'the Newington College Cadets, on the ground that there had been improper manipulation in the matter of Hooring. The allegations are considered of so serious a nature ' that the "executive council will hold a special enquiry to-day, to take evidence and consider, the whola, matter. * Tho .Skirmishing and Sydney ¿fail Tiophy .contest was won by a team be- longing to the Narai Brigade^ with a total score of G"2 points.' To-day the Queen's third and final stage, the Challengo B.tglo, and tho Members Match, will bo fired, and tomorrow will bring the meeting to a close.'x '''-,.', ' ? Ox Wednesday last, at a meeting of the Brewers and Wino'and Spirit Merchants' Association, it wasiesolvcd to abolish tho entrance fée and « to reduce the rate of subscription. A bond providing for the discontinuance of iho practice of giving Christmas boxes to customers is in course of signature. 'Yesteiuuy the weather was fine and cool, with a strong wind from the south- west. Last night Gabo Island reported a south-west gale with squalls, and a rough sea ; and westerly winds, from light to fresh, woro blowjogralong the coast from there as far a3 Newcastle. Tia i stations ( further northward ' report fiom P.E. to N.jB^w-|nd3. Generally lino and cool weather prevailed in\th"Pfcouptry districts ycs'terdav.( v 3?itR.dfciistious wreck of the steamer Choviot adds another "to tho already lfing., list of casualties which havej happened on the eastern coast of Australia within the past lew years, and whioh have been attended with great loss of life.,, In addition to the completo loss of ,ihe ship, which had just been repaired and put in good .sea-going order at considerable expense, no fower than ¡1.7 persons perched, while those who were saved only escaped with the greatest diffi- culty and. dangiy. i .This is one of-tho most terriblo accidents yet recorded* hcrej and is only 'paralleled hy- the Dandenong, the 0Í¿y-oe-Moon, and the Keila warra dUastois. Amid- the'sorrow ih.it will bo frit and ex- pressed in ipgard to the calamity, tho:e will bo a feel- ing of reliof that it'-wás not due, so far a9 is at prosent known, to any want ot skill or care on tho part of those responsible for the navigation of tho ship. ' ' U i ' °. i j / , j Tun very gratifying statement has to bo made thal up ,to yo--terday the applications for spaco in the New South Wales court ' at' the 'forthcoming Centennial Exhibition exceeded,' 'so'far as'the superficial area is concerned, ilte amount of 'space' a-dced for by the local commission from .the ,Victor.an Exooutive Commis- sioners. Tho area ¿îigmally propostnl to bo sét asid« f r tho( purposes of this colony was 21,000 square feet, and' this quantity "now 'falls short of that applied for by several hundrad foot. Mbst of! the'applicatio s rëfpiv,cd aro from the city and suburbs, but their total number^wi'l, it is certain, boar bnt a small propor- tion to those whico/Will ultimately como to hand ' from < metropolitin sources. With respect I to the country1 districts/ . interest in tho Exhibi- tion 'is only now ¡becoming actively displayod. From both cityiand country, therefore, a largo accession to tho space applied for must, bo expected, and, ns < numerous oxhibils have, in addition, to bo transferred from the Adelaide Jubileo Exhibition, it is evident that a further application for spaco will have to bo made by I the commiision of , this colony, to ;tho Victorian Executive Commissioners.1 The circumstance that the area originally available has been so speedily absorbed should determine1 intending exhibitors who have not yet forwarded their requests for allotments of spaco' to do so at once, not only for tho information of the local commissioners, but as a precautionary measure with respect to their own interests, A rr.usmvor.Tnr ofibrt is being made to place on the ground at the Centennial Exhibition, Moore Park, a working dairy, in ^whioh there will'bo shown in lull operation nil the useful modern dairy appliances, such as cream separators, churns, butter-workers, &c; The proprietors of the Sydney Ûail have taken tho first step *tûwards the realisation .of this project by offering a' cup valued at 20 guineas, to be given with sums which may be subscribed as a prize in the work- ing dairy section. It is probable that the society will give £-0 to the working dairj*, aud £C0'in prives to dairy cows, quantity and quality of mill: to ba tested on the ground. _, . , A triai, of a new patent automatic lubricator, for railway trains, the invention of a railway employee named Perry, is now being made on the railway lines with the approval of the Minister for Works. It is said that the patent is one of great value, the rights of which have bean secured in all the colonies, as well as in the United Kingdom and the United Stales. On our railways the oil required for the rolling stock costs over £7000 per annum, and it is contended by the patentee that this item will, with his appliance, be reduced to less than one-seventh of the amount. Recently a trial was made on a trip to Bourke, and it is stated that the van wheels served with the automatic patent required oiling but once, while the others required oiling very frequently. The patentee says he will prove to the Governrnent that trains furnished with the automatic appliance requires but one oiling in a run of between 4000 and 5000 miles. A train usually run between Sydney and Bourke is now being fitted with the patent for a final trial, and doubtless the result will be looked for with interest. We are informed that, in answer to the Jubilee address of congratulation submitted to her Majesty by the Primate on behalf of the bishops, clergy, and laity of the Church of England, in the 13 dioceses of Aus- tralia and Tasmania, a conimunicalion has been received through his Excellency the Governor, conveying to the Primate and those whom ho represented her Majesty's " thanks tor thoir loyal congratulations." Tun Provincial Synod of Now South Wale3 has been summoned to meet on Tuesday next The usual open- ing sen ice will be hold at tho cathedral on that day. There will bo Holy Communion, with an address, at 11 a.m. Clerical members of tho Synod are requostod to appear, it possible, in surplice or gown, as may bo con- venient to themselves. 'Che Synod will assemble for business in the chapter-house at 4 p.m. Os Wednesday evening two very interesting and en- couraging meetings were held in the Petersham Piosby terian Chuioh. At tho first meeting, tho young folks of tile Sabbath-3chool wero entertained to tea by their superintendent, Mr. William J. M'Laughlin. At (his gentleman's expense also, a laigo number of handsome books w ero presented to those youths who had excelled in their Bible studies during the winter months, and who had taken prizes for certificates of honour at the lato General Assembly's examination of Sabbath-schools. Mr. M'Laughlin is a well-known enthusiast in Sunday school work, and tho abovementioned generous actions on his paît only marked his gratification at tho good results achieved by persevering Christian work done by himself and his teachers. Nor were the young folks behind in showing thovr esteem and aflection for thoir large-hearted superintendent, for the minister was com- missioned to present Mr. M'Laughlin willi a very hand somo writing-desk, beating a suitabloinstription, tolling oí tho feelings of lespäot and lore which tho young folks entertained towards him. Tho minister, Rev. James Paton, was also presented with a silver egg-and-cruet stand, by the members of his senior Bible class. At the cIofo of tho fra meetinjr, tho members of the church present held a congregational mooting, to con eider a proposal to initiato a manse fund. It was intimated that a generous friend of the Petersham church had presented £200 to begin tho fund, that Mr. Robort Miller would givo £100, and Mr. William Wallaco £30 towards this object. Interesting and I stirling addresses, advocating tho scheme, wera given by Rèvs. R. 8. Paterson, John Auld, M.A., and Georgo M'lnnes, B.D. After deliberation, a resolution was carried, thanking tbo generous donors for thoir gifts, and pledging tho congregation to immediate and earnest effort to tccuro the end in view. Tra Glebe' Congregational Sunday School annual excursion took plnco on Wednesday, at Correy's Gar- dens, Cabarita. ..The scholars, teachers, and visitors, numbering botweon 400 and COO, were convoyed to Cabarita by tho S.S. Genesta in three trips. Notwith- standing tbo very high wind, a most enjoyable day was spent at this very charming spot Among those pre Fent were the Revs. T. E. Owons Mell, the minister of tho church, 3. P. Sunderland, J. Wearne (superinten- dent of the school), and Mr. F. A. Angolinotta, the late superintendent, who has just returnod from a visit to England, No mishap occurred, and the last trip home was safoly completed by 7.30 p.m. Ora Peat's Ferry correspondent wrote yesterday in connection with the atriko of workmen at the Hawkes. ' bury River Bridge contract s-" Messrs. Andorson and , Barr have given the mon* on strike the * eight hours* i concession, and tho'men have all turned to this morn | ins. The other contractors have not as yet given the j j e aht hours, and their men'aro still on strike, and dpfcr mino! to hold out.- 'The contractors now carry revolvers I with thom whenever they como ashore. Everything, however, is quite orderly." ". Is another column will bo'found a report of the proceedings at the fortnightly meeting of delegutes to the New South Wales'Trades and Labour Council, which was held last night. Out Norfolk, Island correspondent, writing under dato October 6, says :-The s.S. Taupo carno in last night to land passengers and a few tons of cargo, and departs this morning. Since she, left last month the weather, characteristic of tho year, has been uncom- monly boisterous, the baromoter at ono timo registeting 28-80. After tho equinox week the bad woather abated, and last week the whaling boats wero "making hay," threo moio whales having been captuiod and landed. , This catch, will make fully l8 tuns. "C. W. P." wwTrs as follows:-It may not .bo generally known that to-day (October 21) is the 82nd anniversary of tho Battle of Trafalgar-Nelson's last and greatest engagement, i At aliout half-past li o'clock on Tuesday morn- ing a fire broke otrt on tho promises ' occupied as a farm, and belonging to Samuel M'Connell, Balgowlah Township, West »Manly. Tho con- flagration, which was occasioned by a bushfire, Bpread with great rapidity ; and, although the Manly Volunteer Fho Brigade and the neighbours worked with a will to save the property, the following dam-igo was caused :-About two square miles of bush weio burned. A shed about 25tt by lull., containing about a ton of hor e-fodiler, also a stable, &c.;, about 16ir. by 10ft., together with a epriugvna and a draycart, wera totally destroyed by lire. .' Snor.-rr.y. before 9 o'clock yesterday morning, a fire broke out in the premises of Mrs. Edward Jewell, rope faetory, Gardmer'n-road, Botany. In answer to tho alarm the M. F. Brigade turned out, and tho fiamos wore eventually subdued, the police and neigh- bours rendering valuablo assistance. But, before this-was dono the following damage was cau=ed :-A shed building of two floors, about, 25 x 15 feet; the top floor containing a largo quantity of -jute, hemp, and other materials u«ed in,' rope-making, .was burned out, and tho "roof off .the floor, under was severely damaged by fire and water. Tho o thor floor containing a quantity of machinery^ was damaged by fire and water. The premises wore instrred for £200 in the City Mutual Company, and the contents wei o insured for £100 in the same office. Tim sittings of the Metropolitan Court of Quarter SossionB wero concluded yesterday by his Honor Mr. District Court Judgo Murray. Tho remaining appeal cases on the list woie disposed of. ( At an early hour yesterday morning some carpenters employed on tho Duck River railway bridge found mr old man, naniod Jacob Roberts, upwards of 70 years of age, lying injured under the bridge. It Was at first surmised that he had been knocked down by a passing tinin, but after his admission ~to1the Parramatta Hos- pital, where lie was1 immediately taken, ( ho rallied sufficiently to bo aole to state; that he had fallen through one of the spaces in the bridge about 9 o'clock tho previous night. Ii was found on examination thal, in addition to an extensivo scalp wound and several sovere bruises, his cbllar-bóno was broken and his spine seriously injured. , < u , The following is tho ortlor of musical seivice'at'St. Andrew's Cathedral this afternoon, 4.30 :-Magnificat, Stofrgall in t> ;j Nuno Dhnittis, ¡steggall, inG; Anthem, " What aie these," Stainer. Tim Permanent Artillciy Band, (under the direction of Bandmaster M. Dovcry, Mill play the following programmo in Wynyard-squaro this afternoon (woather permitting) : Murch, ".Tack's ltev.ard," Nowton; overtiue, '"Poet and Peasant," Supoé; valse, "Atmospheric," Gung'l ; selec- tion, op. "William Toll,'' Rossini; quadrille, "Patience," D'Albert; polka, '*Bonne Bouche," Waldtenfel; anthem, "National," Dr. Bull. ?-Wine refoience to the notification in Wednesday's issue, as to the special train for visito» to the King's School this day, woaio requested to annoiraeo that it has boen found nccess-iry to mnko a slight alteration in tho time. Tho train will leave Kcdfein at 2.25 p.m., returning at G p m. In* tho account of the Emplro Hotel, which was pub- lished in yesterday's Hei aid, the name of the proprietor ¡ft ns wromrly givon na Cm ran. It should havo been Curtin. The following in the report of the Bonevolent Asylum for tho week ending October 19, 18S7 :-Admitted : 8 women, IS childien, births 2, death I. Discharged : ö women, 0 children. Remaining in tho house : 0Ü women, 125 children. Tolnl, 217. Provisions distributed: 1841) loaves bread, 12571b. llotir, 5301b. meat, 5401b. sugar, Uiijlb. tea," 6541b. saço, 1071b. rice, l'lb. arrowroot, 001b. oatmeal. Fresh applications for relief*: 17. Caliea reported I by the inspector : 61. Ia mno ciae3 tho relief was dis- continued. 