LOCAL AND GENERAL. Probate has been granted in the will of the late Mr. Anthony Hordern, the amount being £190,800. It is expected that farm produce will this year command a higher figure than it has done for some years past. Cut hay can now command £6. Potatoes are plentiful, and onions are obtainable. A great many people have already left this district to be present at the Or dination of the Rev. M. Gibney on Sun day next. A great many more are to follow, and the ceremony will doubtless be as beautiful as it will be solemn. In another column will be found the programme for the ensuing York Races; it is an extensive one, and, judging from the prizes offered, we should say that a good number of horses will be brought together. The heat has been most oppressive during the past week, and bushfires have been raging in close proximity to town. Up to the time of our going to press we had not heard of any casual ties to life or property. We are compelled, through pressure upon our space, to hold over until our next issue the letters of several corres pondents, as well as "Notes from the Metropolis,' all of which, however, we hope to overtake in our next issue. We would direct the attention of the public to the important sale of useful and valuable furniture which will take place by public auction on Tuesday next. Mr. Horley should secure a good number of buyers. The man, Robert Eyre, who was com mitted for trial on Saturday last, upon a charge of horsestealing, has since been liberated on bail, Messrs. F. Craig and Walter Scott having consented to act as sureties, in the amount of £25 each. The following gentlemen have been appointed members of " The Aborigines Protection Board " :—The Hon. Colonial Secretary (Chairman) ; The Hon Attor ney General ; The Colonial Surgeon ; George Shenton, Esq., M.L.C. ; Charles Harper, Esq., M.L.C. On Sunday last about noon, a fire broke out at the rear of Mr. W. Craigs haystack Fortunately there was a plentiful supply of water close at hand, and also several persons willing to help in putting out the flames, consequently they were subdued ere any damage of consequence was done. A heap of rushes which were left atter thatching the stack was consumed, but the hay itself escaped uninjured. It is with extreme regret we learn of the suspension of operations on the Midland Railway. Not only will it be much felt by the popular contractor, Mr Edward Keane, and the consequent de lay in the completion of the line, but storekeepers from these parts, as well as those residing in Guildford, will assur edly feel the depression. We can only hope that such satisfactory arrange ments will shortly be made as to war rant the continuance of the work. A very interesting event took place in our midst on Tuesday last. Miss Eaton, daughter of Mr. William Eaton, this town, was united in marriage with Mr. Alfred Walker, also of York. As both parties are well and favorably known in York, the good wishes of not a few went with the happy pair to Nor tham, where it is their intention to spend a short honeymoon. In the even ing a dance was given in the Rechabite Hall in honor of the event, and we ven ture to say all present thoroughly en joyed themselves. We are requested to state that the Rev. Mr. Holiday, Wesleyan Minister, will do pastoral work in this circuit from February to April next, in conse quence of the transfer of our present worthy minister, Mr. Bird, to Perth, where he will minister to the spiritual wants of the Wesleyan body, pending the arrival of another minister from the Eastern Colonies. While regretting the departure of Mr. Bird, we nevertheless look forward with pleasure to the advent of Mr. Holiday, who is well and favor ably known to the York people, and we trust that the temporary change of air may prove of great benefit to both mem bers of our clergy . 