CHIPS. Rain. Torrens due. Beware of sharks. Fever heat last Sunday. Sudden deaths frequent. Will poor Heath be released. Earthquake shocks up north. Smallpox spreading in Sydney. Another death at Torrens Island. Burmah is now virtually pacified. More horrible outrages in Sydney. Tremendous bushfires near Melbourne. Five deaths in Sydney from small-pox. Four youths captured on Torrens Island. A boot each and toss up for the sunshade prize. We shall see no more of the Hesperus after this trip. The Port Adelaide regatta most successful yet held. The Orient left Plymouth on the 8th inst for Adelaide. Chimney a-fire Monday morning. Two reels present. The Barossa was towed up the river Tuesday morning. The railway lines on Semaphore jetty to be widened. The S.A. Times incorporated with the Adelaide Sportsman. The British troops in Egypt will be reduced by 4,000 in February. Typhoid fever in Melbourne. No less than thirteen deaths this month. Batches of unemployed to be sent to the Strangways Springs railway on Saturday. Mr. Plummer will take command of the Lefevre's Peninsula School after the holidays. Victoria exerting herself to he rutmost to induce the Prince of Wales to visit that colony. The new Rear-Admiral for the Australian Naval Station will leave London in the R.M.S. Shanpon in February. Dynamite destroyed. Now the consignees cry out. They certainly did not cry out before they were hurt. Subscribers in arrear will please remember that a new year has commenced. Thursday's showers refreshed the gardens, but left the weather very sultry. Government ask Largs Bay to lend her railway for eleven years without payment. Likely. Dynamite hulk to be whitewashed. Multitudes of sins can be hidden beneath that garb. Kinder dynamwhite! . Hey! Mr. Commissioner, what about that reduction in the periodical tickets on the Port and Semaphore line. P. & O. Company are building four new steamers, which will make total number owned by the Company 53. Dynamite hulk not "too rotten to be moved," but a splendid iron vessel, with bullet-proof plates Now, Mr. Treasurer. TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL AND STEEL PILLS FOB FEMALES quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes, Is. ljd. and 2b. 9d., of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors. Prepared only by The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln, England. Wholesale of all the Whbleale Houses. Beware of Imitations, 