FARMING HEWS, rfiVnm nor mtm (TarrwmrmAevntA Cleave. January 9. Reaping is drawing to & close, and many of the farmers have been doomed to disappoint ment through their crops turning out much lighter than they expected. Many that were expected to average six or eight bushels per acre are going about three or four bushels. It is impossible to say -what the average of the dis trict Trill be, as the cropB vary from about three bushels to the acre to 10 bushels to the acre. The weather during the past few days lias been most oppresively hot. Bordertown, January 15. Yesterday we were visited with a very heavy dust storm, which turned into quite a gale, stripping trees of their branches in all directions. Afterwards a steady rain fell till about 7 p.m., registering 0*170 points. Luckily most of the wheat stripping is done, or the wind would have done much harm to the crops. Fruit trees must have suffered considerably. The weather is now cool and cloudy. EQiston, January 13. Harvest operations are nearly over now, but I regret to Bay that the yield is not nearly so good as was anticipated; many crops that looked equal to 7 or 8 bushels per acre will not yield 3 bushels. Of course there are ex ceptions, but^.1 Bpeak generally when I say that the result of the harvest is discouraging in the extreme. The heat for the past few days has been most oppressive, last Friday and Saturday being especially trying. A cool change, however, eet in on Sunday, and to day it has been raining for several hours, which will not- benefit the crops now standing. Babbits are still very plentiful, and are the base of the district, Tumby, January 13. Last Friday, Saturday, and Sunday were red-letter days for Tumby, being hotter [than any on record for the past ton years. The heat was so, intense on Saturday morning that many persons deemed it wise to desist from work until the cool of the day. Gardens and vineyards suffered very much. No change came till Sunday night, when heavy thunder clouds came up from the west. The weather since then has been close and sultry till this morning, when- rain fell for about an hour,, and light showers have been falling all day, but not heavy enough to make water run in dams, although the tanks have caught a little. Reaping is'nearly over again, but this would not have been the case yet had we had a good harvest with the area under crop that was in tended for wheat last season. The average for this hundred is estimated at about 3 boshels (far below the average of previous Tears). Some paddocks have turned out well, and others have been scarcely worth reaping, while one or two on the flats have been-given to the farm stock. : Queensdiffe, K.I., January 17. The weather during part of last week was very trying, indoor ana out steaming. Friday was cooler, but fearful gusts of wind came and occasionally a little rain. Saturday was salu brious. Heavy rain has been threatening, but it has blown away. A few farmers have not finished stripping yet, but others have cleaned up and are carting. A small stack of wheat is on the jetty. Splendid potato-onions are grown here. They yield well, and are growing very . large; some I weighed went over 1 lb. each. Wiilochra, January 18. The farmers here in general are very well pleased with the season since they commenced reaping. The weather was nearly all that could* be desired for such work, and conse quently many of them have already finished, while others-will be stift busy for another week or two. : Those who have finished reaping are now engaged cleaning and carting, but not much of this work has yet been done, as nearly all were anxious to finish with the work of reaping firsti and besides very few, 9 any, have let the cleaning of their wheat crops- this season, preferring to wait and clean it them selves, thereby saving the expense. An extraordinary growth of sorghum was *hown uson Saturday. The manager of the Sewage Farm (Mr. Thoa. GolebatcbV procured some sorghum seed from Messrs, Heyne and Co., which was planted on October 5. Be tween tbat date and the time of catting (January 14); the plants only, received three waterings, and had- then attained a height of 8 feet, the; qane& being fully half an inch in diameter* Some misapprehension- seems to east as to tfie peBvGfofr of- Professor Gustance, tfce late principal =ot- the A^neqlturalieonege at Bese worthy, i* bemg^ou^tein some quartera that tb&fftr;&of; huwajignatidH-as principal of- the colfege' havings been accepted by the \- Oommi&BioBe;^ ! of2 Orown- Lands- ne cessitated* tire abandonment- o£ th& work ofwiictohenashieneito^hadaieKjbaajpe. This :- isno*ti»«aae^ W^lsaraShatAgriOTHnrfrwill teetangiifc muting 8am&~ manner a» heretofore, ; beirjga3eTOted»tei»HC*ical«ork'aa lasfeaessio?. ' Ttoiprt^eisor'sceBgagomBntf Triifa iber.Gorarp- ? IniaBTjrDbability Stftrtfr ^tsfacdia'wm-ini£e': couiee of a tew w^ekBopmmericetlie work bt erecting a vermui-proof fettceonrthe bjejfiaaff of this colony and Victoria, frqsa the 36th parallel of latitude to the nort^a^tern come* oftbehundredof Binnum. i'ewillbereinemberea that some time ago negotiations were opened up between the Goveotntnt of this colony and the Victorian QovetOEtent relative to the erection of such a fence,, but at that time the proposal was treated Bomewhat coldly by out neighbors, although South Australia offered to bear half the coe!, of the work, and the matter dropped. : During last year, however, the numerous com plaints of Victorian selectors as to the incursion of rabbits on to their properties forced the question once more before the Government of the sister colony, and a proposal came from them which was not at first entertained. Eventually it was decided that Victoria shoald fence in the boundary from the 36th parallel of latitude to the River Murray, and that in the event of suitable arrangements being made with our lessees whose runs abut on* the boundary we should construct a fence downwards to -the hundred of Binnum. These arrangements have now been made, and the lessees will pay the Government 6 per cent, interest on the cost of the undertaking. Southwards from the north-east corner of the hundred of Binnum the land is in private hands, and the owners are now erecting vermin-proof fences. The Victorian Government have already started operations, and good progress is being made. The cost to this colony of the fence, it is estimated, will be something like £2,000. Directly on his return from the north-east the Surveyor-General will go to the south-east, and as soon as possible the construction of the fence will be commenced ' The farmers and graziers have had,' says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of January If, 'a great deal to contend against this summer. Early in November the grasshopper plagae. made its appearance in the northern districts, and desolated the territory lying between the Loddon and Wimmera rivers. The progress of the invaders was from east to west, but upon reaching central Wimmera the moving mass of insect life took a south westerly turn, and steered its course for the ? luxuriant pastures of the western district. During the past few weeks the plagae has manifested its unwelcome presence on the large sheep stations to an alarming extent. Grasshas everywhere disappeared as if by magic. The famous grazing runs have in numbers of instances been swept as clean as if devastated by a bushfire. Sustenance of any kind has not been left for either cattle or sheep, and owners have been compelled to sell off all their stock for the want of feed. Simultaneously with the grasshopper pest ha? . appeared another plague,, which, at the present times is causing serious losses, particularly in the Western and Ballarat districts, amongst the smaller class of landholders. We refer to the caterpillar, or grub, invasion. The potato, mangold, and maize crops have been attacked Un «n»«io/fa ^vP. owinlJ nM^on ffmk: fa** 4311 f»h ATI ? Mjr Ai+Zf *Un*D VF*. OHifMi* g»«/o&a; ^auivm ww hwiu . extent as to threaten a serious reduction in the coming potato. yieleL The ravages of this latter pest ate widespread, and are the theme of general remark amongst the Ballarat, Camperdown, Warrnambool, and Belfast potato-growers. There appears to be no remedy for the evil. It is truly pitiable to witness the rich dark green fields of potatoes swept down in a few days by this destructive plague, and the unfortunate farmers having to look on without being able to ' do anything towards preventing the wholesale destruction. The loss, which muBt be regarded as a national one, that has this season been sustained through the grasshopper and cater pillar plagues,* is of such a magnitude as to jus tify the appointment by the Government of an entomological commission for the purpose of ascertaining whether some means cannot be devised whereby the ravages of the plagues re ferred to can be minimised in future,' 