CURRENT TOPICS. \- From time to time reports come to hand which prove that the foxes are rapidly gaining ground in this district, and it is the duty of all interested tv take the necessary steps to secure tbeir extermina tion. Two foxes bave been killed within the last few days in the neighborhood of the Cloven Hills, the credit for which, we understand, is mainly due to Mr. Poda-sr, junr., of Koort Eoortnong. As the lambing season is now approaching, it might be advisable for the landowners on the plains to combine for the purpose of at least reducing the number of foxes within the next two or three months. A case of typhoid fever has been reported to the local health officer, Dr. Pettigrew, and the patient, a young man, is now under his care. The patient it •eenis, was taken ill with the fever in Melbourne, and came to Camperdown. Tbe case is by no means a serious one, and aa every precaution ha* been adopted, it ia anticipated that the fever will be pre-, vented from spreading iv this town. It is probable that a well-known firm of auctioneers will shortly commence to hold periodical sales of produce, etc., in Cam perdown. The want of such sales haa been severely felt by producers, who will welcome the proposal to start a local market Komcatoks and owners of horses are reminded that acceptances for the handi caps and entries for other events in con nection with the Camperdown Turf Club races, must be made with the hon. secretary, Mr. Jas. Bishop, this evening. We are informed that Bishop Moore, of Ballarat will administer the Sacrament of Confirmation in the Roman Catholic Chapel, Camperdown, on Friday next, j Mass will be celebrated in the forenoon, i aftar which tha otMiiaataosa-Mnia* will fcaaW-L ' Since last council meeting some valu able information has been obtained with resard to the proposed corporation sale yards, in Camperdown. The matter has been energetically gnne into by Mr. J. R. Hindhaueh, agent in Camperdown for Messrs. Fisfcen, Valentine and Co., and others, with the result that the committee appointed to consider it and report will have their labors considerably lightened. It is proposed to utilise for the yards the bli-ck of land on the Cubden road, which has been specially reserved for market purposes. This block, which was obtained years ago through the instrumen tality of Mr. James Dawson, of Kenny hill,' contain! over six acres and a half, which will be amply sufficient for all pur poees present and future. An estimate of the cost of constructing the yards has been carefully prepared, and from_ the disputation that bas been made it is considered the work can be done for about £250. The outside expenditure will ■c £300, the interest on which amount even at 10 per cent would be only £30. The revenue has been moderately esti mated at £50 per annum, from which it will be seen that yards will pay more thin interest on the cost of construction, in addition to allowances for keeping the y.rda in repair. The shire council will be at little or no expense with regard to the management of the yards, as about all that is neces sary is, that one of the officers of the council inspect them occasionally to tee that things are in perfect order. The market dues are usually collected by the agents who sell, and are by them paid ••ver to the shire officer. It has beep pointed out to us that the present time is a favorable opportunity for the construc tion of the yank. The contractor* for the Terang nulw»y will necessarily have a quantity of timber on hand suitable for fencing and this might be obtained before it is utilised fur other purposes. It has ultimately been decided to in clude Terang and di trict in the excursion to Queen-cliff on 22ud inst. A working committee has been formed at Terang, with Mr. Smyth as Secretary, and over 100 promises of support have been already received- The train will leave Terang about 5 o'clock on the morning of the ex cursion. The secretary of tl.e Camper down committee has re- opened negotiations -.ith the General Traffic Manager of the Victorian Railways, with a view of procuring carriages for Terana at a less -ate than that previously notified. Excursionists are informed by adver tisement-in another column that tickets must be purchased before midday on Satnrday, 19th inst., as the Railway Department must know on that day the number of excursionists for whom to pro vide travelling accomra.idation. Tickets may be purchased at the various railway Btations and other place, mentioned in the advertisement. There will be no second issue of tickets for this excursion. As soon as aU tickets in hand are sold nu more will be available; intending excur sionists should therefore secure their tickets as early as po-sible in order to avoid any chance of disappointment Arrangements have been made with the Bay Excursion Company whereby excursionists to Queenscliffe on 22nd inst., may avail themselves of a trip to Sorrenti >, in the new steamship "Ozone at rednced rates. The Ozone will leave Queenscliffe at 12.30, and leave Sorrento at 4.30, so that there will be ample time to visit Sorrento and return in time to catch the train which leaves Queenscliffe at 5.30 p.m. A sovel match will be played on the cricket ground next Saturday, when the opposing sides will be chosen from gentle men under 30 and over 30 years of age respectively. The following will represent the "juvenile" team : —Messsrs. Clarke, Curdie, Hueston, Ladbury, Manifold (2), Mackinnon, Neylon (2), E. M'Arthur, Thornton and Thompson. The players over age will comprise Messrs. Down. Heales, Hannah, Henry, Keenan, Jones, Tait (2), Thornton, Wright Hindhaugh and Wiggins. Play will commence at 12J30, and luncheon will be provided on the ground. The players ate requested to be punctual. The stock consignments since 28th nit, have been unusually Urge. Up till yesterday 80 trucks, representing 8000 s ieep had beet, dispatched by rail from Camperdown to various markets. During the same period 51 trucks of cattle were seat away. To-day 1200 sheep will be sent from this district to tbe Freezing Agency's works at Newport. Ms. Farrington, manager of the West ern Meat Preserving Compauy, requests that men and boys wanting work at the Camperdown factory should call upon him at the works on the afternoon of Tuesday, 15th inst. Ix order that tho employees on the staff of this paper may join in the excursion to Qneeuscliff, it is notified that tbe Chronicle will be published ou the morning of Tues day, 22nd inst., in place of 23rd, the ordinary day of publication. Advertisers will kindly note the change particularly, as all advertisements for insertion will requin> to be handed in on Monday even ing, 21st inst We understand that a townsman.. Mr. John Rawbon, the well-known boot sales man, of Manifold street, contemplates a trip to England. He will leave the colony the first week in April. Ik connection with the Terang railway the rails have been laid right up to the station now, and a few weeks will doubt less witness the completion of the line. Iv the meantime complaints are made that the Department, as yet, have made no move in tho direction of opening the line for traffic It is thought that the work should be sufficiently advanced, now to permit of the opening day being decided upon. The dredger, or snigger on the Gellibrand river, has been at work for some months now, with apparently satisfactory results. The river bed bas been completely cleared for a distance of about five miles from the starting point Tbe benefit from thi* is already noticeable in tbe fact that the floods from the mouth upwards during the summer months which were experienced last year have not been observed this year at all. The' racehorse Blaze, owned by Mr. Chirnside, was surreptitiously removed from the stable at Creasy, on Friday morning.' whilst the owner was at break fast The loss was shortly afterwards dis covered, and the alarm was raised. After a vigorous search the horse was found in the possession of one Jeremiah Dwyer. near Rokewood. The man was arrested. The Rev. J. G. Paton, moderator of tho * General Assembly, and for many years a missionary in the New Hebrides islands, preached in the Camperdown Presbyterian church on Friday night. Mr. Paton also gave an interesting address on mission work, and as one of the results of his remarks, arrangements were mads to raise locally a sum of money for missionary purposes. Rev. Mr. Hancock, who bas recently taken " orders iv connection with ths Church of England, occupied the pulpit of the Presbyterian Church on Sunday night, and preached an interesting sermon to a numerous and appreciative congregation. Mr. Hancock is a young man, and will doubtless have a useful career before him. Mr. J. A. Panton is gazetted to be a licenxing magistrate for the districts in which Mr. C. W. Carr adjudicated, during the absence of that gentleman on other ; duty. ! Polo practice will be held as usual on l Ftiday, after which a meeting of members i nf ilm t lnli will hu Ix Id ■> the I-aw mtiml', Uimmim aJtaat-**-£■-. '*». The meetings of the united choir which are held in the State school every Monday evening have recently been very much in terrupted by the conduct of small gangs of larrikins that congregate in the vicinity. Xot content with parading the streets and making night hideous with their whistling and screeching, they bave taken upon themselves to enter the schoolgrounds and even go so far as to crowd round the windoas and doors of the room in which the choir practises, and cause unpleasant interruptinnsby their remarks and actious. Members of thi choir, too, are subject to annoyance while going to and returning from the meeting. Hitherto the managers have been very loth to make any com plaint, but they have at last been com pelled to place the matter in the hands of the police, and it is only to be hoped th-'t the real offendors will be treated to the punishment they so richly deserve. Con duct of the kind cannot be too highly c.» demned, and tbe police inagi-trate has more than once expressed hia determina tion to deal severely with any cases of larrikinism brought before him. Ax adjourned meeting was held in the Catholic Church after service on Sunday morning to take into consideration some matters in connection with the day school. It was reported that during the past year tho receipts barely met the expenses, nnd the balance had been generously made up by Rev. Father Guilfoyle out of his own pocket. It was resolved to make an effort to refund the amount to that cler jyman, and with this object in view it was decided to reduce ihe working ex penses for the time being. The chapel which has recently been erected at Cobden by the Roman Catholics of the district waa used for tho purposes of public worship for the first time on Sunday last, when the Rev. Father Fitzmaurice conducted a service- There was a large congregation present. The new edifice is a very comfortable struc ture, and when properly finished off will no doubt answer all requirements for a few yeans at any rate. The usual meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Literary Society will be held this evening in Miss Robeon's schoolroom. The subject for the evening is Monarchy v. Republicanism, a delate in which Messrs. Keenan and Meagher will take the leading parts. Ii has been reported to the telegraph officials at Camperdowu that about three miles of the line between Camperdown and tbe coast have beeu destro>ed by the recent bush fires, lelegraphiccommunica tion with Port Campbell is stopped, and may not be restored for several days. Attextiox is directed to the important subdivisionai sale of 730 acres of land ad joining the township of C bden, to be held on Friday next, at the Heytesbury hotel. Tlie land will be offered in blocks of from 10 to SO acres, and purchasers will be given very liberal terms. Mr. D. S. Walker, J.P., the president of tbe Haiupd-nshire, accompanied by several members of his f.unily, proceeded to Graasdale ou Monday tn assist in an imp'.rtant event which is to take place there to-day. Tho event referred to i* the marriaje of his daughter to Mr. Duncan Johnson. LiECirXAxr J. X. M'Arthur of »h-- c Company, Mounted Rifles, has had his commission confirmed, and has been further promoted to the position of captain in the same company. Lieut. W. G. Farroll, of the H company, has also been appointed a captain. It is notified in Friday's Government Gazette that a lojal Lin.l Board will sit at Camperdown on Thursday, 24th inst., at 10a..n. Tbe members of the Board will comprise Messrs J. J. Blunuell and J. C Meal-in. officers of the Lands Depart ment. We have been asked to give publicity to the following:—A large meeting of members and persons interested in the local race club was held in the Temperance Hall, Cobden, on Monday night 28th. to expresi their disapproval of the action taken by the stewards in postponing the date of the annual meeting till the 18th March. Mr. Shenfield, J.P., was elected chairman. After a great deal of discus sion, in which Messrs. J. M. Johnson, R. Myers, J. Hay, D. Crotnbie, and several other leading members of the racing club took part, the following resolutions were carried unanimously:—L Moved by Mr. J. Vagg "that this meeting disapproves of the action taken by the stewards in altering the date of the annual mestin« from the 17th to 18th March." 2. Mr? C. Ogilvie moved "that Messrs. Silvester and Vagg wait on the stewards and request them to re-consider their decision and hold the races on the 17th March." Some remarkably narrow escapes are reported during the electrical disturbances of last week. At Wooriwyrite the light ning struck one of the men's huts, ripped up the boards, and otherwise shattered it There were several men sleeping in the hut at the time, and the flash passed within a few inches of the bunk occupied by one mao. The report which followed was deafening, and the occupants of the hut were stunned for some moments. Another flash of lightning, it is supposed, set 6re to the grass on the station. At »lr. S. Cahv's, North Forrumbete, the lightning shattered to pieces a tree within two chains of his residence. Steat dogs from the town are reported to be committing havoc among flocks of sheep in the neighborhood. Mr. R. D. Scott, of Gnutuk Park, has again been a sufferer in this respect, some stray curs having killed and sadly mutilated a number of sheep in bis paddocks. It would be well if the provisions of the Dog Act were more stringently enforced hence forth, at least in the neighborhood of townships. Dubiso the month of February the am.iuut of rain which fell in Catuperdown was Lll inch on four days. The total rainfall for nine days during the past two months ha] been 2.65 inches. Me. Daskein, of the Hampdenshire, through accepting the office of acting en gineer of the Colac body during the absence of Mr. Moroney, on nick leave, has raised a hornet's nest about his care, the people of the Camperdown district not being at all agreeable to conform to this arrangement It appears (says the Btformtr) that Mr. Daskein has had the liberty of private practice since his ap pointment, and now the wisdom of this is being questioned by the ratepayers who naturally want this gentleman's undivided time in return for the handsome salary they pay him. Bowing to public opinion the Hampden Council intend discussing the whole subject at their next meeting, and Mr. Daskein must now regret that he ever had auything to do with his Colac neiehbors. This R.M.S. Potosi, which sailed on the 4th inst, took 5534 sheep and 230 lambs in her refrigerating chambers from the following shippers amongst other* - Messrs. C. Campbell Finlay, Gl«normiston- Knight and Lydiard, Belfast; executors' late Kiel Black, Noorat: J and P Mani fold, Purrumbete; Sir W. J. Clarka. Lancefield; R. V. Dennis, Birregurra; Black Bros, and Smith, Grasadale • and W. R. Rudedge, Farnbam.^^ ' ' Is dau*e 8 of the engineer's water supply report, published in Saturdav'i issue a typhocraphical blunder was m*de which, to professional eyes, is a very serious one. The clause in question reads:—"Recommend the construction fnr me present of two circular tank* each 20 feet in diameter by 10 feet in depth, i «l»allto holding J97O Bl iio O «.-ac K. l *ff««rtiil«*n.l| ll f ■■■.■.,,« MU» The recent bushfires and thundar storm appear to have caused an immruse amouut I of damage in the Wombat State forest. A,l report ou the condition of the fore»t has been furnished to the Mini-ter of Agn culture by th-Inspector of Forest*, who states that an immense amount of splendid tim>*er haa been <le»troy«-d by tbe storm. The Inspector never witnessed such de struction in any part of the forest as in Daylesford. Hundreds of trees had been uprooted and torn to atoms, and tho fallen timber smothered the tracks. The s-ver ity of the storm appears to have been chiefly felt in the gullies and ravines, in several «.f which not a tree had been left standing upright. A few days previous to the storm a severe bushfiro swept over the .res, and the two visitations have caused the Wombat forest to present a very desolate appearance. The following tender was provisionally accepted on Monday by the Railway Tender Board :—Erection of goods shod and platform at Terang.—S. S. Leonard, £488 Is od. The tenders for water rapply works and erection of a turn-table at Terang, were referred for report. A public meeting was held in tho Odd fellows' Hall on Monday evening for the purpose of furthering the local option movement in Warrnambool. The build in? was crowded iv every part. The Mayor (IMr. C. T. Stephens) occupied the chair, and tbe Hon- Jas. Monro and Mr. John Yale, secretary of the Victorian Alliance, with the Revs. Geo. Tait. N. Bennett. R. Keith Mackay, R. W. Rock, and Mr. Barber, occupied seats on the ! platform. The principal object for calling the meeting (states the Standard), was in order to hear the views of Mr. Vale and the Hon. Jas. Munro on the subject of local option, both of these gentlemen having been requested to visit Warrnam bool, in order to assist in furthering the movement which has been set on foot to close six of the worst conducted places in the town, and for which purpose a peti tion was recently forwarded to the Goveroor-in- Cuuncil praying for a vote of the ratepayers on the subject. As more than the required number (one-fifth) signed tbe petition, it is probable that the ballot will be taken in June. Mr. "Vale and the Hon. James Munro delivered able addresses. The following motion was mo*r*ed by the Rev. N. Bennett, seconded by Mr. Jfew combe, and carried unanimously:—"That in the opinion of this meeting a reduction in the number of public houses, by closing those of the worst class, would tend to promote moral welfare" and commercial prosperity of the district; and that this meeting hereby promises to give its hearty support to the movement for taking a local uption rote, with a view to the accomplishment of this object." Messes. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. have suggested to the Railway Commissioners that a large traffic might be developed between Meb>ourne aud the country districts if special facil.ties were off.red for the conveyance of store stock oil the railways. The question has accordingly been referred to the officers of ibe tn-ffii. ■ ranch for an express.ou of opiuion on the subject. Tbe special London correspondent of tbe Daily Telegraph, wired on Monday :— The Rev. Henry Ward Beeclier, the crlebrated Aine'ican preacher, pastor of the Plymouth Congregational Church at Brooklyn, has been seized with an apopletic stroke. He was taken suidenly ill on Friday morning, and woke his wife, wno fetched dim iv a drink. He was then seized with a long vomiting fit, but presently dozed off. His wife left him for a tune, and on her return she found her husband of a deadly pallor, helpless, and unable to articulate. He was attended by his physician throughout Friday. At noon he was in a comatose state, and so remained until Sunday. His left side is paralysed, and his recovery is considered homeless. Even if he should get over this attack, his faculties will oe per manently impaired. A>- Age cablegram states that the situa tion in Europe continues in an oxtremely critical condition, and rumors of war in the spring are daily circulated by leading newspapers in the various capitals. A statement has been published by the Statidard to the effect that a circular note has been issued by Russia declaring that it is the intention of the Government to resume independent freedom of action in connection with European affairs without regard to the obligaiions of the Berlin Treaty. In discussing the question the Standard expresses the opinion that the attitude now assumed by the Czar marks the opening of a new chapter in the East ern question. It is also asserted that Russia has issued a circular note to the Porte demanding the immediate payment of the indemnity due by Turkey to Russia in connection with the lastßiuse-Turkish war. The dog inspector notifies the strict en forcement of the Dog Act, ISSJ after the loth inst Mr John Hyland will hold his monthly sale of live stock, kc, at his yards, Mortlake, on Thnradiy, 21th inst. Me. John Rawbon, of the Camperdown boot and shoe warehouse, notifisa that he bas taken his son, James, into partner-shin with him. v Mb. XVm. Little, of Ballarat will offer for sale at his auction rooms, 54 Lydiard street, on Satnrday next, grazing freehold of 1105 acres, situate at Skipton. A Bail will be held in the Temperance Hall, Cobden, on Friday, 11th inst, the proceeds to go towards the purchase of a horae and buggy for presentation to Dr. Broom. Ms. J. Thornton will offer at his rooms on Satnidiy next, under instructions from ihe executors of the late Bey. H. C. Kllerman, of Lismore, horse*, bnggies, harness, furniture, books, Ac Under instructions from Mr. Adolphus Clarke, Mr. J. Thornton will offer for sale on -jatnrday, 26th inst., forest land, houses and land in Camperdown, fnrnitme, farm implements, thrashing machine, Ac. 