COROWA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) On Friday evening the first quarterly recital of the Border Brass Band orchestra was held in the School of Arts. The room was comfortably filled by an appreciative audience, who were well repaid for their attendance by a programme of high-class music, rendered in a manner that would be highly creditable to a metropolitan orchestra. Ii there was a fault, it was that the brass instruments predominated over the string ; this no doubt will be remedied in future recitals. The first part included such gems as the overtures to Tancredi and Zampa, in the latter of which Mr. Carl Beidle again displayed his musical versatility as a clarionette soloist. The feature in the second part of the programme was the waltz " Echoes of the Forest," which was most effectively rendered. Miss Hudson presided at the piano, and accompanied the orchestra in her usual charming manner. The vocalists were Miss Hubt.of Rutherglen, and Mr. Josephs, a visitor to the town. The lady sang " Say not Farewell" and " Longing" very pleasingly, and the gentleman (who had kindly volunteered his services to supply the place of another) at once established himself as a firm favorite whom the musical inhabitants of Corowa will be glad to welcome again in public. The orchestra was ably conducted by Mr. A. Paul, who also played the cornet solo "The Eclipse Polka." It is sincerely to be hoped that these quarterly reunions will be freely patronised by the musicloving portion of the community; and the B B.B. orchestra are to be congratulated on the success of their initial concert. A meeting of commoners was held at the Globe Hotel on Saturday afternoon. Mr. A. Anderson occupied the chair, and six others were present. The purpose of the meeting was the acceptance of the resignation of Mr. Henry Moras of his position as a trustee, and the appointment of a successor. Messrs. Alfred Myles and Thomas Parkin were nominated. The first-named was duly chosen. Subsequently a trustees' meeting look place. Messrs S. M« William, J. Simpson, and A. Anderson were present. Mr. 8. M* William was made chairman for the year. Mr. G. Beeby resigned the offices of treasurer and secretary, and a resolution of regret' thereat vms agreed to. Mr. S. M'William undertook the duties. Intimation of the change was authorised to be sent to the manager of the Bank of Australasia. It was resolved to apprise the Under-Secretary for Mines of the appointment of Alfred Myles as a trustee in place of Henry Moras, resigned. An account—J. C. Leslie, £1 4s. 6d.—was passed for pay ment. An expenditure of £12 was allowed to put the yards and fenceB in proper repair, the work to be done to the satisfaction of Messrs. A Anderson and G. Beeby. The grazing capability of the common was fired at 200 head of large stock. Applications for grazing rights were granted to 25 applicants, eight head being allowed to each. After granting to the herdsman permission to allow sis horses, for which grazing fees had been accepted in error, to run upon the common, the meeting dispersed. Mr. Chas. Johnson, superintendent of the Church of England Sunday-school for many years past, was made the recipient of a choice and appropriate collection of books after the regular afternoon service on Sunday last. The presentation was made by the Rev. W. C. Hose for the children and teachers, and feeling re ference was made by the pastor to the syni' •pathetic cordiality existing between the superin- "tendent, the teachers, and the scholars. He . gave Mr. Johnson great praiBe for his constant attention to the duties of his position, aud for the advancement the school had made under bis charge. The inscription on the title-page read as follows:—"Presented to Mr. Charles Johnson by the vicar, curate, Sunday-school teachers, and scholars of St. John's, Corowa, as a testimonial of their esteem and gratitude to him for his kind and regular discbarge of the duties of superintendent. January 30th, 1887." Mr. Jot nson returned thanks for the unexpected gift, and the school dispersed. Balloting for blocks of ground is becoming a regular event with us. Recently we had the scramble for a reserve at Collendina, when 113 applications were lodged. Then the other day a valuable 400-acre block near the Brocklesby school drew 33 applicants to the local lands office, while on the 27th January another rush took place- For a 670-acre block on the boundary of Narrow Plains and Wangamong runs 38 applications were lodged. One was informal. The ballot took place at the School of Arts, Messrs. J. R. Hudson, J.P., and P. G. Battye, Crown Lands Agent, conducting it. MisB Margaret J. E. Kennedy, as stated in your last issue, was the drawer of the winning ticket. The eager manner in which ground available for selection is seized upon now, is in marked contrast to the state of affairs a few years back, when thousands upon thousands of acres went a-begging for small holders, and points to the settlement of a denser population on the soil and a consequent growing increase in the value of all land throughout the district. Philosophical but sad reflections of neglected opportunities now begin to arise in many minds, and these murmuiings will doubtless increase as time rolls on. There is continually that little but insuperable "if" intervening. "If I had only taken up that block 10 years back," says one, " what a good spec, it would have been I" Yes, poor fellow. Bnt if the Corowa cricketers hadn't played after 6 o'clock in their match with Albury on Saturday, the match would have been drawn instead of lost! Ha! ha ! ha 1 A word or two from our Progress Committee, backed up by the representations of that sage administrator, the Hon. W. J. Lyne, led tbe Postmaster-General to send a clock for the Corowa poBt office. It has been put in position, but is almost useless as a town clock. It cannot be seen from the street, but after some search and a general indication of its whereabouts it can be found under the portico. Surely the skill of Corowa carpenters could have devised some means of giving it a safe and conspicuous position outside. For some days a large bush-fire has been burning on Mahonga run, and in the neighbourhood of Goombargana.. The reflection of it could be seen of a night in Corowa. Bain, in a terrific downpour, fell at Mulwala station on Monday, 21th ult., no less than 2'9o inches falling within two hours. Corowa had a dust-storm, but no rain. 