Corowa. February 12. The first quarterly recital of the Bonier Brass Baud orchestra was held at the School of Arts a few nights ago. , The room was comfortably filled by an appreciative audience who were well repaid for their attendance by the rendering' of a programme of high-class music in a manner that would be highly creditable to a metropolitan orchestra. Mr. Charles Johnson, superintendent of the Church of England Sunday-school for many years past, was made the recipient of a choice and appropriate collection of books after the regular afternoon service on Sunday week. Ualioung lor oiuums ui uuiu -m ueuoumig u rogmar event with us. Recently we had a scramble for a reserve at Col lendina, when 113 applications were lodged. Then, the other day,..a valuable 400-acre block near the Brocklesby school drew 33 applicants to the local lands office, while on the 27th ultimo another rush took place. For a 670-acre block on the boundary of: Narrow Plains and Wongoinong runs, 38 applications were lodged. A ballot was conducted at the School of Arts by Mr. J, R. Hudson, J.P., and F. G. Battye, Crown lands agent, when a young .lady (Miss Kennedy) drew the winning ticket. The eager -manner in which ground available for selection is seized upon now is in marked contrast to the state of affairs a few years back, when thousands upon thousands of acres went a-begging for small holders, and points to the settlement of a denser population on the soil, and a consequent growing increase in the value of all land throughout die district. Febeuakt 14. The bite Postmaster-General ordered a clock to be sent for the Corowa post-office before he left office. It came to hand recently, and has been put in position; but its value as a town clock is almost completely lost through the stupidity which authorised its being placed under the portico, instead of in a conspicuous position outside the office. At present it cannot be seen from the. street, ; and should certainly bo better placed. On January 24 a phenomenal rain fell at Mulwala, the gauge registering no less than 2*95 in two hours. Corowa, onlv 25 miles away, had no rain, but a severe dust-storm. About 30 miles to the north-east of Corowa, on Mahonga ran, and in the neighbourhood of Goomtargana, a terrific bush'fire raged for about a week early this month. A large area of grazing land was burnt before the continued strenuous efforts of tho settlors brought the fire under sub jection. A meeting of commoners was held at the Globe Hotel, Mr. Alex. Anderson in the chair, when the resignation of Mr. Henry Moras of his position as- trustee was accepted, and the appointment of Mr. Alfred Myles made in his stead. A trustees' meeting was held subsequently. Mr. S. M' William was elected chairman for the year. Mr. G. Beeby resigned the offices of secretary and treasurer, which he had held for a very long time, and a resolution of regret thereat was passed, Mr. S. M' William undertook the duties. Intimation of the change was authorised to be 6ent to the manager of the local branch of the Bank of Aus tralasia. It was resolved to apprise the Under Secretary for Mines of the appointment of a new trustee. The sum of £12 was voted to put the yards and fences in proper repair, the work to be done to the satisfaction of Messrs. A. Anderson and G. Beeby. The maximum number of stock to be grazed upon the common was -fixed at. 200 large head. Their being 25 applications for grazing rights, an allotment of eight head to each applicant was made. A special meeting of the fire brigade was held on the 7th instant at tho School of Arts-; Captain P. K.. Ritchie occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of firemen. The present site of the fire brigade station not being convenient, it was agreed to offer the allotment back again to Mr. J. H. Martin at the same price as the brigade gave for it, and to endeavour to get a better stand in the main street. Mr. Martin expressed his willingness to take the ground and allow the brigade the use of it for 12 months for the nominal rental of Is. An application by a Victorian fire brigade for the use of the Corowa engine at the forthcoming jubilee demonstration was refused, it being considered that granting the request in one case would lead to more being made. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Australian Natives Association was held the other evening. Mr. W. Beeby was appointed a delegate to the annual conference to.be held at Ballarat this month. Instructions were given to him to support various suggestions of. tho Sandhurst branch, with the exception of one reflecting on Mr. Field Barrett, one of the vice-presidents of the association, for saying that candidates for membership required to be of a 'moderately moral' character. A progress committee meeting was held on tho 8£h in stant. There was a good attendance of members. A large amount of correspondence, referring principally to election and local topics was read. The secretary, Mr. F. C. Piggin, said he had called the meeting to ascertain if the members wished any particular course taken in regard to the election of members for tho district. A general idea was expressed that the return of Messrs. Lyne and Hayes, the. two old members, was. certain. The matter of establishing a hospital at Corowa was then discussed, and it was agreed to write to a gentleman holding many town allotments asking him to donate a site. After dealing with one or two minor matters, the meeting dispersed. An old and respected resident of the district, Mr. James Nagle, died suddenly at his residence, Erin vale Farm, near Corowa, last week, of heart disease. The losses of some valuable stock made him low- spirited, and, while sitting on a couch reading, after breakfast, he fell back dead. His sons who had left home just prior to their father's death, knew nothing of the sad event till the following day after the burial. . Mr. Nagle was an earnest sportsman, and his presence will be missed from many local gatherings. 