OIK AGRICULTURAL LETTER (By a Practical Farmer.) Melbourne. An a. 23. There little else talked about in Mel bourne save tbe National Agricultural Show which will next week be in full blast. That the Show of each successive year should eclipse its predecessor is only what may always be expected. That is only an in separable concomitant' of an increasing popu lation, extending tillage, and the greater attention paid to farming and horticulture. , These great metropolitan Shows in some respects are of less interest than the local Shows held throughout the country, and which, of course, claim first attention every where, but still it will be felt as an advan tage all the year round to have seen the big Show. There can scarcely be a more useful or timely publication than a pamphlet of aixty- two pages just issued by the Agricultural Department containing the veterinary re ports of diseases in stock which have been Erevalent throughout the colony during the Let five years. The practice has been that when any serious outbreak of .disease occurs in any part of the colony an expert is sent to make enquiries, examine the diseased animals, and frame a report on tbe subject That report is duly furnished, and in too many cases pigeon-holed, where it lies for gotten or only revived by some passing notice in a newspaper. It was a good idea to collect these reports and have them printed in a convenient form for refer ence. The pamphlets are given away gratis, bnt no sufficient arrangements appear to have been made for their distribution. i wonld suggest that all secretaries of Agricultural Societies should write to Mr. Martin, Secretary for Agri culture, asking for a sufficient number of copies to supply every member of the Sodety 1 with one. I am not aothopaed to make any statement on the subjecLnt feel certain that if Mr. Martin hsa a. edffipient cqmber of copies at command lie wiil nt once comply with the request,- If he baa not them the Secretaries of Agricultural Societies should write to Mr. Dow, the political head of the Department, copies will soon be forthcoming. Prefixed to tbe collected reports there is a short essay by Mr. E. &L; Cacx, Chief In spector of Stock, on disease generally. Be gives a few hints worthy of being written in letters of gold. As a general rule he lays it down that very little dependence should be placed in medicine or on special tieatmeut of any sort either for the cure or the pre vention of diw«. The words " special treatment" are toed in contradistinction from general treatment, for on that of course everything depends. "What?" Mr. Cnrr asks " would tbe horse stock of the colony be worth if it could only be kept serviceable by tbe aid of physic and veterinary treat ment " ? Mr. Curr does not use the word " common sense treatment " as being the thing reqnired, hot that ia evidently what he means to convey. Let stock of every kind have a sufficiency of wholesome, nourishing food, good water, and shelter when reqnired, and there will be little occa sion for tbe services of veterinarians. It would be a good thing for frail humanity generally if similar regimen and rales were adhered to in the higher animal, also. Shakespeare says — " Give not to Nature more than she requires, Han's life is cheap as beasts." And as free from disease as a well-kept beast generally is, he might trnthfully have added. Hand-fed animals we have completely under control as regards food ; but grass-fed animals are rarelv ao carefully provided for as they ought to he. Ooe of the most fre quent causes of disease is a deficiency of nourishing grasses, in lien of which weeds or other valueless or injurious growths are masticated and swallowed. Mr. Curr point, out that in tbe early years of tbe colony there was not the same necessity for care that there is now. Pastures have been fenced in and the number of stock kept is doubled. The stock are watered from dams and tanks which are seldom cleaned out. Th pastures are not now periodically swept by bush-fires, which destroy insect pests and other matters offensive and injurious, and trees which gave shelter have been cat down. Under the altered conditions now existing diseases in sheep, cattle and horses, some new to veterinarians, have made their ap pearance and have caused much loss. But the outlook for the future is by no means disheartening, although it is not to be ex pected, in view of the constantly increasing amount of stock in the southern colonics of the Australian group that our animals will ever again enjoy the abundance which fell to the lot of stock 30 or 40 years ago ; ex perience in other countries points to tbe con clusion that they will eventually conform to the less favorable conditions under which they now exist, and gradually develop characteristics favorable to health. Tbe whole process is only one phase of the Dar winian theory about tbe progressive adapta tion of animals to their surroundings aod tbe survival of the fittest. With respect to the value of copperas as a top dressing for manure a word may be said. As a tep dressing for pastures experiments made in England have proved that it destroys moss fungus and all Boris of minute insects which injuriously affect the ordinary grasses. Copperas evidently acts as a tonic and stimu lant in all vegetable growths and plant life. In one experiment with potatoes the plot which had been top dressed with copperas gave healthy tubers, while the pota toes from land not so treated exhibited signs of disease. The quantity was also greater from the top dressed plot. The plain inference to be drawn from all tbe experiments are that the application of a half hundred-weight per acre of copperas as a top dressing is highly beneficial to crops of every kind, giving a considerable increase in the yield and an improved quality. The albumenoids and soluble carbo-hydrates are increased in all crops grown with it, and it is also of nse as enabling crops better to re sist diseases. It would be superfluous to point out that copperas can only be regarded as an anxiliarv with other manures. Strictlv speaking it cannot supply plant food, it can only render available such plant food as may be already in the soil. Caution is requisite in not using too mucb. The experiments in England tend to show that half a hundred weight per acre is enough, and that anything more might do injury, I have ascertained that the wholesale price of copperas in Mel bourne just now is nine and sixpence per hundredweight. The whole stock in Mel bourne at present does not exceed ten or twelve tons, but it is easily made, the only requirements bring sulphuric arid and iron. Copperas is a sulphate of iron, and the name is misleading as it contains no copper. But still I prefer the old name. Blacklead is a carbonet of iron and does not contain a par ticle of lead, bnt wbo wonld think of attempt ing to change tbe name. The happy countryman who caters for un assured market builds his strongly con structed buggies at pleasure, aeenre of an ultimate market. But let him no longer invest his capital and his workmens' time in building for metropolitan requirements. Tbe extension of the tramways is rapidly exter minating other means of private conveyance, and buggies with their horses and saddlery glut the markets. In addition to this, the opening of the Clifton Hill tramway has thrown a large number of harness hacks to tbe public, and the result is that the market, influenced from two opposite directions, ia becoming rapidly glutted. 