THE SKETCHER Brisbane to Tenterfield. (BY A CORRESPONDENT.) Where to go to get out of the enervating heat of the past fortnight? For those who have leisure and spare cash the question is easily solved by looking over the Southern and Western Kailway time-table. There, amongst a host of names of stations, we find a place called Dalveen, thirteen miles from Stanthorpe, 2906 ft. above the sea level, and Thulimbah, 3004 ft. above the same plane. Naturally one would fly to Thulimbah. So the route being determined on, we start by tho afternoon train from Brisbane, and at 9.50 p.m. we find ourselves in Toowoomba. The country on the whole line looks magnificent, grass and water in abundance, and cattle and Bneep roll ing fat—a wonderful contrast to the state of affairs in the early part of 1886, and a proof of tho marvellous recuperative power of the Queensland soil. Leaving Toowoomba at 11.55 a.m., we pass through magnificent plains covered with luxuriant herbage, the g'ass literally up to the backs of the cattle, ere and there we see well-tilled farms, and the landscape is everywhere dotted with immense stacks of lucerne and oaten hay. Thousands of tons of hay might now be cut on those grand plains, but nobody seems to troublo about it. Past experience does not seem to have any effect upon people. Satisfied with the present luxuriant ap pearances, they hope that things will remain as they are. By-and-by will come the season of bush-fires, aud whon theso plains do take firo tho spectacle will be magnificent, but will cost the squatters many a mUo of fencing. Already tho dried grass is heaping itself against the posts, and gives promise of a.very pretty conflagration when the weary swagsman shall have lighted tho consolatory pipe, and shall have thrown tho still burning vesta into the dry heaps, or when the winds in sportive play scatter the burning embers of tho traveller's camp fire. However, the train rushes on, and 3.25 sees us at the pretty little town of Warwick, embowered in willows and acacias, and surrounded in loving embrace by the winding Condamine. Twenty minutes here enables us to obtain some very expensive and very poor refreshment, in a very dingy room, its table adorned with a very dirty tablecloth. Soon we are off again, still over plains; but by-and-by we enter the mountain passes again, and the train winds along the hill sides, skirting tremendous decli vities, rushing through long tunnels and over high bridges, the scenery vying with that of the Main Range, till by-and-by we reach the highest point at Thulimbah. Being now only eight miles from Stanthorpe, we conclude that Thulimbah, notwithstanding the refreshing coolness of its atmosphere, is not a place to halt at, so on we go rapidly descending, until "Tin Centre" is reached. Here there are no rival buggies as at Toowoomba and Warwick to receive the tired pas- senger at the station, no sturdy lungs vociferate the names of various hotels. An old man with an old dray loads up as much luggage as he can for 1s., and you reach your hotel as best you may. Stanthorpe seems to be made up of hotels and small lolly and fruit shops. A considerable amount of tin continues to be got by parties of tributors, and some rich lodes only await development. But the glory has departed from Stanthorpe. The proverbial gun might be fired up and down the street without injury to man or beast. Nobody seems to be alive here, and yet I was told that twenty-two commercial travellers find it to their interest to come here periodically. The two most important hotels (and there are many here) are those of Mr. Hale and Mr. Tevlin. Hale's Commercial is the standing point of Cobb's Tenterfield coach. We stayed at the Commercial, but a visit to Tevlin's convinced us that both houses are equally comfortable. Nearly each bedroom has a neat parlour at- tached to it, and the traveller may dine en- famille, or may attend the table d'hote. A capital table is kept, and the attendance is good. As to the sights in Stanthorpe—well, there are none, granite boulders ex- cepted. The excitement of the day is the departure of the Tenterfield coach. This interesting event comes off regularly at 7.30 p.m. The coach is licensed to carry eleven—six inside. To avoid being possibly left behind at Stanthorpe the through passen- ger for New South Wales should telegraph to Mr. Hale or to Mr. Lee, Cobb's agent, to secure a seat. The fare is 15s., with an extra half- crown for a box seat. Starting by this coach, the traveller will arrive at Tenterfield at 3.30 a.m. Good steady drivers are employed, and spite of rough roads and inky blackness of some nights no accident has been known to occur. But many people object to spending eight hours of the night in a coach. For such there is a very simple remedy, thanks to the good nature of Mr. George Bashford and his aids, Messrs. Fraser and Henderson. Mr. Bashford, contractor for the Border Railway, has almost completed his task, and the engine runs through to Wallan- garra, the Queensland border town. An appli- cation to be "put through" met with ready response from Mr. Henderson, and we were notified to be at the railway station at 6 a.m. Punctually we found ourselves there, and were soon seated in an empty ballast truck, in company with about twenty other passengers. Away we go, circling in a marvellous manner round Stanthorpe. More mountains, more sidings, beautiful scenery; soil, granite boulders. At one spot a single huge boulder has been cut in half to allow the train to pass. By-and-by we pick up a dozen loaded trucks, and a crew of stout navvies board us at the same time; next, a ton or two of fencing wire is taken in. A few miles further, and the ballast is shovelled out in no time by the busy workers. Off again, and the piles of wire are pitched out on either side without abating speed. Now we race off to- wards the border, driving fourteen empty trucks before us. We don't feel comfortable. We think, "What if a big stone were on the line?" If such a thing had happened it might have been awkward, but all went well, and in a little over two hours, including all stoppages to unload, we reached the border town of Wallangarra. I may describe it in a few words. A sandy flat, with three hotels, a bakery, a few private houses, and—that's all. No backbone—no nothin'. It lives on the hope of the break of gauge between the two systems of railway construction. What either Warrangarra or Tenterfield hopes to gain by the break of gauge is a mystery to everyone who goes to either place. Thirsty travellers will rush to get the best seats in the new carriages, and then slake their appetite for lager beer at the nearest hotel, and off again. This is scarcely the material that goes to make a city. Talking of the hotels, however, we stayed at the Terminus Hotel, kept by Mrs. Dyer and her two daughters. I need say no more about tho houso than that we were surprised at the more than civility and kindness we met with here. Some of our worthy Brisbane P.M.'s larrikins interviewed me on my arrival. I had telegraphed for a buggy to meet us from Tenterfield. These three follows wero camped at another hotel, and as soon us they saw the buggy arrive they coolly asked me to take three portmanteaus to Tenterfield for them. Need less to say that they had to carry those useful articles on their backs. I afterwards knew that tho contents were gambling implements. By huggy twelve miles to Tenterfield, after twenty-five miles of rail. Road execrable for some miles—broken boulders, principally varied by gullies and stumps. But we go along gaily, and in a couplo of hours we ore comfoitably installed in Host Brown's Commercial Hotel at Tenterfield. We thought Stanthorpe quiet; Tenterfield seemed still quieter. Not a sound disturbed the peaceful calm. Later on, however, a rumbling of buggies began, then two or three coaches rolled up, and at lost we began to realise that Tenterfield was alive. But the liveliness was merely spasmodic. The arrival or departure of a coach—they run to Fairfield, to Casino, to Stanthorpe, to the border causes the inhabitants to buzz; they buzz round the coach, and the moment it has started, like Rob Roy's adherents, they vanish, and the town is again given to silence and gloom till the next coach episode, when we have da capo. The town of Tenterfield is built in a basin, on a small rill (nameless, I believe). The sur rounding mountains—the Doctor's Nobo espe cially—make up a fine background to this very old-fashioned out-of-date town. The Royal Hotel towers conspicuously over the whole town. Lord Carrington honoured this hostelry with his presence, but the Commercial is never theless the favourite. The streets are wide and favourable to the erratic passage of the time honoured bullock team. Many people in Brisbane are apt to gloat in imagination over the magnificent fruit gardens of Tenterfield. This is a fallacy. We bought pears and peaches which came from Sydney, notwithstanding the fact that the soil and olimate are eminently adapted to fruit culture, as witness Mr. Brown's magnificent orchard of 3000 trees of all European fruits. Mr. Miller also has an extensive orchard, where he goes in for Bcientific planting, and has successfully overcome the blight in the apple-tree. Of farming little is to be seen. The best tilled land was owned by Mr. Walker, brother of the manager of tho Royal Bank in Brisbane. Otherwise granite boulders and sandy soil appear to prevail. The willows are certainly splendid, and grow luxuriantly in great abundance. Blackberries grow wild, as does also sweetbriar, and I saw a fine elder tree, and renewed by boyhood's days by blackening my lips with elderberries. I remarked one thing in Tenterfield which must strike every visitor. That was the neatness of the State sohool children. I saw a number of boys and girls trooping down the street, and I really thought they were dressed for a holiday. Neat clothes, clean white collars, white socks, clean boots, &c.; I have seen a very different sight in Queensland. I do not admire the dress of the New South Wales police. The uniform is not so neat as, though akin to, that of our railway porters. Talking of police, a man hanged himself on the night of our arrival. The authorities buried him first and held the inquest (adjourned ?) afterwards. There is some excitement in the town about the Fairfield Goldfield. We did not go there. Wo could see stone enough all about us, and a big hole in the ground is only of interest to those who made it. But the field is said to be very rich, a second Mount Morgan in fact. The Adeline p.c. has its own crushing machine, and here they put everything from the grassy surface to a depth of 30ft. through the null. The whole soil is said to be permeated with fine gold. The stone goes 16oz. to the ton; some reddish mullock 40z.; and a vein of grayish sand has assayed, I was told, 800oz. to tho ton. In tho face of all thia shares have freely changed hands at £2, and one Brisbane shareholder was offered as high as £3 2s. 6d. With prospects as above Btated tho prices seem ridiculously low. A road made with the golden mullock is being broken up and passed through the mill. Land in Tenterfield is not over valuable ; £4 per foot has been given, but from £10 to £50 per acre is the nominal price for land, according to distance from town. The town is decidedly military. The Light Horse number 160 members, the Rifles about 80. Hearing the bugle one night, my martial instincts were aroused, and I started for the drill-shed to wit ness the N.S.W. manoeuvres. There I found one officer and two men. I walked about half a-mile, came back, and found one officer and three men. It was useless waiting. At the rate of two men an hour, it would have taken two days and two nights to muster the corps. I phould recommend all visitors to Tenterfield to wear a veil (one each, of course), as the flies are legion and pestiferous. As to the climate—by the way, that is what this paper was to deal with, and I have quite lost sight of it—the air is deliriously cool, too 000 lat night. The heat of the day is not oppressive, not muggy, perfectly bearable; but one notices the great difference between the New England climate and that east of tho Main Range, on tho return journey more par ticularly. On our way home, we again stopped at Warrangarra, and there wo met five of Mr. Pinnook s reoidivistos, who were par ticularly obnoxious and threatened a siege of the hotel, had not a plain-clothes constable from Stanthorpe' persuaded them to move on. There were only two young girls loft in charge of the hotel, the mother being in Stanthorpe, and they were thus at the mercy of these Brisbane roughs. Three more I found at Cambooya in irons, going back to Toowoomba Gaol, after getting good-natured ? -dice-magistrates to give them a free pass, he lot I first mentioned began gambling in Tenterfield; what became of thorn I don't know, possibly the wholo eleven will present themselves directly in Brisbane and bo provided again with thoir travelling exponses. Poor follows, their gains aro not sufficient to enable them to pay thoir way, so the authorities do it for them ! Once moro on the trucks, thia time on top of the ballast, but we bowl along, and by dusk we are onco moro soatod in host Halo's snuggery in Stanthorpo, whonoe a rather long day takes us back to heat, mosquitoes, and hard work for anothor year. 