THE LAND: A NEW FERTILIZER NO. VHL Sib, — In my rambles across country I crossed a ran of 100,000 acres— a fair type of many similar — carrying 10,000 sheep, or lirilO. Were, say, 20,000 acres of this run selected for improvement and 20e. per acre expended towards increasing its carrying capabilities, X d© not hesitate to say that this one- fifth would within four y-»ars yield a larger nett profit tc the owner than tbe whole does at present, notwithstanding that the rent payable by tbe lessee is under one farthing per acre t Land lying idle, as this Colony's is, renders it dependent npon others, keeps it poor in potation as in means— its occupiers and people alike poor: It is a correct type of that ' wicked and slothful servant' who hid his Lord's taleut in the earth, and, like him, has well nigh got to {.-ci'-lition. ~'£hn natural presses' ^npOTi'ClOWlI 'land* are not only deprived of the moisture ana nutriment that go to support the life of the timber, btackboy, or eernfe, as tbe«nsnBay be, but even the shadow of thete sobs the plant of the sweetening and invigorating; influences of sun and climate. But this is not all. Travelling sonewhat bite one evening I had my reveries disturbed by a distant low crackling noise, which I soon found to be an approaching bush-fire. To ths right and to the left, Car as the ey» could scan, there was nought save lite lurid glare through an atmosphere ot smoke ; nigher, and still more nigh, it teame rushing on. Ketreat was impossible, and I was -mly too glad when I escaped from the fire into the 'outer darkness** beysad, and en m^tfiftniiwt the matter, to vi£ »&d; host was astonished to find that mat I had imagined at great loss he ' grttffrinffl quite tbe reverse, and I was etill moresui prisedon being informed that the cownttiy was purposely fined every alternate year cr so -- to make the grass grow.' In other parts, when the ground becomes cumbered with the debris of killed and fatten timber, it is of course burned off, but onee for *tt. ' To make the grass grow ' there artificial stimulants are applied to impart lost vigour to the soil, and many such there are,1 bat it seems as if it bud been decreed lor Western Australia to discover the frrt3fe ing virtues of charcoal and brimstonc-and give them practical effect. As agents for increasing the wafor^ cflpabP'ta*** -& the country these are at once inexpensive, sasfly applied, and congenial to the tastes and instincts of the settlers, great -«*d Email. A very little conversation sufficed to show me that my friend was an enthusi astic believer in tbe efficiency of bogs-fixes, but lor which be declared the colony woold 'go to the dogs!' 1 suggested in vain that such fires, and uncontrollable fines, burned up every root and blade of all tbe more tender and nutritions grasses, whose roots feed npon the decayed iife-sastaimng vegetable matter that a.ccummulalcS'dn. the surface and reduced it to a mass of calcined powder, while what really demanded we moral or destruction — the tree, the blaek boys, or the scrub, were left onbaroed! After a brief cogitation my friend admitted that it was a curious thing that some kinds of grasses — which he explained «nd I recognised — had lately disappear*dandhe 'could not account for it i ' These are precisely the bush grasses that are the sal vation of stock and mainstay of the stock owner, while worthless plants have put in appearance in theu£stead, aad possibly were my friend, on. arriving. home! sons evening, to find .his home a charred aad smouldering mass, he might possibly hwB some difficulty to determine as to whether fire or water had been at work} . : . .- CENSOBIOUa Perth, June 8, 1887. 