A Journey Due North. (By Bruni, in the Australasian, June 25.) I FROM TENTERFIELD, N.B.W., TO HENDON, Q. | The site of Tenterfield, on the northern border of New South Wales, bears a strong resemblance to that of Albury on the southern border, but the norther town is not so closely surrounded by hills as the Federal City. The granite hills one sees on every hand are crowned with great masses of rock, and their frequent presence on the lower lands gives one a very poor opinion of the fertility of the soil in the locality. The town is of considerable age for an inland Australian settlement, but is of small extent ; the 1 uildings are of moderate size and mostly built of wood. Through the centre of the place winds the Tenterfield Creek, called lower down the Dumaresq River, its sides clothed with remarkably fine weeping willows. The little town ia one of the most unpretending I have met with, and at first one is inclined to wonder why it exists. A closer examination, however, shows that the soil in the hollows at the foot of the hills and along the numerous watercourses is of fair quality, is easily worked at any time of the year, and under good treatment yields "g*ood crops. Though the locality is about 3000ft. above the sea and the climate a cool one, I found that maize is generally grown by the farmers, and very fair crops are gathered. In a drive of a few miles into the country I saw a largo area of land under maize, most of which was not then gathered. One thing surprised me greatly in thiB drive, and that was the thickness of the pasture. Everywhere, even on the hill-sides, the soil was clothed with a denser pasture than I saw on the rich black soil of the Darling Downs, and over much of the country the land íb a poor-looking decomposed granite. The abundance of pasture is evidently owing to a plentiful rainfall, and to the absence of the withering hot winds in summer time. In the fields I saw many cattle, all of which were in good condition, and many were fit for the butcher. They showed more breeding than one sees in the general run of cattle on Victorian farms. Very few farmers appear to keep sheep, though longwools should do well in this climate. Turnips give a good crop, to judge by those I saw in the field. This district is rapidly becoming famous for fruit growing. On many of the small farms near Tenterfield there are fair-sized orchards» to all of which considerable additions have lately been made. Apples, pears, and cherries grow well ; the last-named fruit is said to be finer here than in any other place in Australia. Excellent peaches are grown, but the trees have of late become liable to attacks of blight. The smaller fruits, such as gooseberries, currants, and rasp- berries, are not much grown, though the soil and .limate appear to be well adapted to them. One of tie largest orchards about Tenterfield is that of Mr. J. J. Brown, who has over twenty acres planted with fruit trees, and is increasing the area of his orchard every year. The market for fruit is a good one, there being an ever-increasing demand for it in Queensland, and in the warm districts to the north-west. Most of the farm steadings are siilj-, stantially built, and, to judge by their appearance, one would infer that agriculture paid fairly well in this neighbourhood. I noticed that the most prominent building on every steading is a largo and well-built barn, such as one seldom or never sees in Victoria. When the railway is carried on to the Queens- land border there will be a large quantity of pro- duce sent out from this district, but the junction of the lines at Wallangarra will bo a great incon- venience to Tenterfield farmers, as it will necessitae unloading and loading again after a short journey of 12 miles. The residents of Tenterfield and the surrounding district maintain that the changing station should be in their town, and I think with considerable justice, as thero will always be à large quantity of produce sent northward from Tenter- field, while the country round the Queensland border town is of the very poorest description. The rates charged for carriage on the New South Wales line are too high, since goods can be brought by sea to Grafton, a»d transported by carriers over 130 miles of a rough mountain road, and delivered at 30s per ton less than by train from* Newcastle. All the business at the leading hotel at Tenterfield seems to he done at night. The goods train from the south arrives soon after 7 o'clock, and the pas- senger coach from tho north reaches town about 11\. The express train from Newcastle arrives about 1 in the morning; the passengers for the south are roused at 4 a.m., and those for the north at half-past 5 a.m. As the house is of wood and the partitions between the sleeping rooms of the flimsiest description, sleep is out of the question. At half-past 6 o'clock I was rouBed from a fitful slumber by the ever-watchful boots, and soon after left Tenterfield on the box seat of the coach that conveyapassengers to the terminus of the Queens- land rauway line. There was a hard frost, and the air was bitterly cold ; the horses and cattle in the small fields round the town were standing with their backs up, waiting till the sun would rise and meit the frozen dew off the grass. The country we passed through was of the most miserable descrip- tion. The soil consists of decomposed granite, and granite rocks crop out frequently. The lice follows the old road, and at the time I passed it, was com- pleted to within a few hundred yards of Wallangarra, a newly-formed village at the Queens- land terminus. Here we had to wait fully thrpe quarters of an hour, and the grumbling of the indignant passengers was loud and long at having to rise at such an early hour to loiter so long at this miserable looking spot. There is no work of any importance on tnis lino uncompleted save the bridge over the Six-mile Creek, midway between the two places, and over that there is a good temporary bridge. Passengers could be easily run through, and it would be a great convenience if it were done, for the jolting over that twelve miles of bad road, to say nothing of the exposure to the cold morning air is a great discomfort. Wallan- garra is situated in a barren piece of country ; it is a poor place to look at, and 6uch it will ever be, for there are no resources, agricultural or pastoral, in the district to support a town. Leaving Wallangarra the line runs through a hilly country covered with a poor forest, in which bull oak and pipes were plentiful. The soil is a poor decomposed granite, useless for agriculture, and of but little use for grazing. There were no sheep or cattle to be seen in the country we passed through, and at the railway-stations scarcely a house would be seen save the railway buildings. The same description of country lasted till we reached Stanthorpe, a moderate-sized country tonn, the centre of a tin-mining district. At one time there was a deal of work done in tin mining in this dis- trict, but it is at present carried on principally by the Chinese, and I was told only a few claims are being woiked. There have been some recent I discoveries of both gold and silver bearing lodes in this district, which are said to be very promising. We had now reached the country in which the houses are all built on short piles with an inverted tin dish on the head of each pile to prevent the white ants getting access to the houses. Beyond Stanthorpe for about 20 miles the country is a series of rocky hills, on which there are large patches of pine scrub. The soil is everywhere the cold decomposed granite, with a thin strip of better soil boidering the banks of the watercourses. The country about Silverwood begins to improve. The line here runs through limestone hills, on which the pasture is of better quality than in the granite country. Gradually the prospect widened out, the soil became better, farm steadings were met with, and cultivated fields were numerous. Wo stopped for a few minutes at East Warwick, and had arrived on the edge of that famous Darling Downs country. The train circles round the town of Warwick to reach the Warwick station. The River Condamine is crossed by a high, lengthy bridge, far above the bed of the river. High as it is, a portion of the approacheb was covered by the great flood of last January. Warwick is very pleasantly situated on the west bank of the river. It is well laid out, and being on a loamy bank, is a clean town in wet weather. The streets are broad and well made, but scarcely anything has been done in the way of tree planting. In the business portion of the town are many good-sized shops, and the banking estab- lishments are numerous and substantially built. The villas surrounding the town have a pleasant appearance. The different religious denominations are well represented, but the most imposing build- ing I saw in the town is the new Masonic Hall, now approaching completion. It is a handsome struc- ture, built of a very fine white stone. In the centre of the town is a large square planted with orna- mental trees, and there is a good-sized park near the East Warwick station. The stone used in all the buildings is a very fine freestone, the best look- ing building stone I met with on my trip. The show-ground is almost in the town, and at the annual exhibition very high-class stock of all kinds are shown hore. I was told that Warwick is a very healthy town, but I should have guessed that from the number and fine appearance of the child- ren that thronged the streets on their way home from school when I took a short drive through the town. Boyond Warwick we passed through a gently undulating country in which the grass was every- where most abundant. The soil in the extensive flats we crossed was a strong black alluvial, evi- dently of great depth. The low banks were com- posed of sandy loam with a sandstone rock showing in the cuttings. One flat we crossed was of great extent; it was about four miles across and stretched out on either hand for many miles. The soil on this flat is of marvellous fertility and great depth. The grass everywhere was of great length and thickness, such as I have not seen for very many years. Beyond this great flat we passed throngh open forest, in which the grass was 'every- where most abundant. Looking across the splendid I pastoral land, it was impossible to realue thtt-t ib ever suffered from drought. The peculiarity in the) pastures was that though it was winter the grasa and herbage was as dry as fchoy are in Victoria at the end of December, and in tin' wide i»i*wpect dis- closed there were to be seen the smoke of numerous bush-fires. The train stopped .it the little station of Hendon, where I was mel. by Mr. Charles Clark, I of East Talgai, and my long northward journey o£ over a thousand milos wa» at an end. 