Bushfires in the Heytesbury Forest. GREAT DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY. The extreme heat of the past summer and the absence of rain has been severely felt in the Heytesbury forest, where a | eni rtlienid drought has not been known 2 t lea-t for several yeats ptat. The timher a"d undergrowth have conse quently been dtied up, aud a great part of the forest country, the part that is to say, which has not been already devastated by fire, i» in a highly inflammable condition. Ihe he-it culminated on Sunday last and lie day was otic which resembled in many respects, thst red-letter day. January 5, I?S6, when so much damage was caused It fires in the forest country. At sunrise, ,'fesrfully hot and strong wind was blow ing fivm the north, and this continued U, e whole diy. During the previous week small detached firev were burning, but as there seemed to be no danger to be expected from them, no special effort appear* to bave been made to extinguish them. These small fires, under the in -Juence of the sirocco from the central dticrts, speedily juoctioned, aud the dense doads of smoke which thereafter during the day obscured tho forest country from liew. told the people of Camperdown the old stonr of fire and devastation. To» ards iienini; the sky became covered lrith what jeemed to be rain-bearing clonds, and at night the flames from the fierce forest tires were reflected in these clouds. From Camp* rdown the whole sky teemed aglow, snd appearances indicated that one fire .is burning along the whole coast line from Warrn.mb.-oI to Cape Otway. The ce .s to hand on Monday showed that the £res had been folly as destructive as people imagined them to be. Around paiunure the element has been particu larly disastrous. The steam sawmills owned by Mr. W. Williams, were entirely destroyed, the damage being estimated at £1.500. Nothing is covered by insurance. The Sre crossed from this place into the paddocks owned by Messrs. O'Brien and ilcrrane. and destroyed fences and grass. Mnmne's houie and outbuildings were only saved from destruction by tlie gen«x oiu'and persevering efforts of neighbours. it I-""; Mr. J. Booth's honse was also tndincered, tut was saved owing to there being a rood supply of water and plenty cf willing hands to beat back the names. Tee reports to hand show that in the nanjhe- of Tallansatta East, Mepunga aad Xullawarre, the fire did considerable daiaaie. Messrs. Lynch, ?a"edcn and W. Rim. had some valuable fencing des troyed, also Messrs. Brown, Rodgers and Wallace. Messrs. Cumming Bros., were also heavy losers, the Sre destroying ■erne hundro'S nf locs that had been gathered for sawing. The fire came o-it to the roa I near Panmure, aud burnt down about a quarter of a mile of tele graph poles. Coming nearer h-*me it seems that a "-rest fire waa hunting on Sunday south of Lake Elin^imite ani toward Curdie's Biter and "jctt's Creek. Mr. H C. Heales. manager of the Colonial Bank here, was out on that day viewing some property thit he has at the river. When he drove along tbe road frum Cobden to G'tnfvoe in the morning, there was no trace of afire. On returning, however. lie road was perfectly walled in with fames. The fierce hot wind bad fanned the s!cmN>rng embe>s into flames, and these had been driven forward with great swiftness, destroying everything in their pro-rest The track was here and there impeded with the burning trunks of trees which had fallen across the roadway. On every hand there was heard the roar of the dimes and the crash of falling timber as tie *' tno.iaichs of the f.-rest" came to the ground. Putting his ponies to the gallop, Mr. Beales ventured through the £re, the only stoppages for a -xinsiderable di.unce heing to permit of his companion desceniin*: to remove some logs which bloc.c lup the road. Several men were encountered on the journey who were seekinz v.me safe spot in which to take refuaie from the fires. One selector, a man named Smith, just bad time to gather together a box or two of clothin-;, a few potatoes, and other "articles, when the fire came down and ■wept his house away. At Glenfyne the greatest difficulty was experienced io beating back the flames from "The Hoe", owned by Mr. Fisher. Reports to hand fester-lav state that dangerous fires had been bumin*** around Koortmrx-lon!;, and near Mr. Rugman's property. In addition to the cases of loss alluded to. a large quantity of fencing and grass has been ceitroyed by fires, concerning which no aathentic accounts hare yet been received. At night on Sunday, the wind subsided, aad the following day was comparatively cool and pleasant. There were a few drops of rain only ; but not sufficient to quench the fires, which are still burning in several parts of the forest country. 