NEW SOUTH WALES. BOURKE, Bnc. 9.—Stock Passings.—15,000 twor tooth ewes from Momba to St. George, Har.n and'1 Hodnett owners, ft fine let; 316 cattle from Boorara to Sydney, Blackwood and Peterson owners; 12,200 ewes from Nelyambo, Monara, andLengwillah sta-; tions, to Queensland, Hann and Halloran owners; 7,000 sheep from Bultowa to Tooloom, Dan. M'Mahoir owner, The following stock have been trucked :—bS - mixed fat bullocks, and 37 calves from Nulty to Sydney, H. Hartley owner; 100 fat bullocks to Home-' bush, H. Burcher owner; 201 bullocks from Congie, Richardson and Ncalc owners. Several mobs of fat cattle from Dalh&tn; Towers, Thargomindah, and Nocatunga, are aDproaching, all for Homebnsh. ( DEMLIQUIN, Dee. 0.—Stock Movemcn'.a.—7th inst, 3,200 store sheep, Thos. Leethama, going to Mount Pleasant; 6,070 store sheep, from Warrnam-, bool, travelling to Gidgie station; 8th inst., 3,400 fat sheep, Whlttingham Bros., from Willandra station,' trucked by H. J. Wooldridge, to Peck, Hudson, and! liavnor; on Tuesday James Thies will truck a mob of fat cattle from Bulgroo station, to Richard Gibson and Co.; the same agent reports that 460 fat cows and' 600 fat bullocks, from Morney Plains station, are ap proaching, consigned to Pearson, Howe, Smith, and Co.; several other large lots are close at band for the' Melbourne market Sinoe the commencement of the . wool season twenty one thousand bales of wool have! been forwarded from here by rail to Melbourne. The' liiver Edwards is foiling rapidly, bat it is still at a' great height for the time of the year. The weather is very warm. GUNDAGAI,. Dec. 9.—Stock Movements.—Dec. 8,v 6,000 wethers from Yabtree station to Lake Eathurst,, in charge of C. H. P.atliffe, R, F, Horsley owner. WILCANNIA, Dec. 9.—The weather to-day has-' been close, and rain appears to be - imminent. The river at tbe higher up stations is rising slightly. The' * Paroo'Creek is rising fast. The steamer Rodney has passed Menindie up, and the Princess Roy si down stream. WILCANNIA, Dec. 10.—A heavy shower of rain' fell this afternoon, and it appears like a good down falL Stock Movements—A lot of Cobham Lake sheep,' in charge of Mr. Dollman, are nearing here, bound for the Victorian markets; 800 bullocks from WiUun gra Station, Queensland, are now on tbe 70 iniie track going down. BOURKE, Dec. 12.—The following pastoral dis*' trict reports hare been received :—Coonambie— Another good season is guaranteed by the late rain; there are fair number, of travelling stock. Forbes.— Grand general rains have fallen, which have bod the' effeot of quenching the bush-fires previously raging, but not before considerable damage wss done. The crops have been damaged by the rain, but the country is looking splendid ; large numbers of stock, mostly stores, are travelling. Condobolin.—The late heavy rainsdid an immense deal of good, staying the progress of the bush-fires, which were assuming large dimen sions. Walgett.—The late rains have greatly improved the previons splendid state of the country, which is' looking grand, everything being green. Nyngao.— Everything is in a flourishing condition; fair numbers of fat stock were forward for trucking. St. George.— After doing considerable damage the bush-fires "were extinguished by the late rains, which have ensured1 a good summer season. The crops are looking splendid, especially the corn and potatoes. Cunna uiulla.—Very heavy rains were recorded last week in: places, Dynevor Downs reporting seveu inches. The Boorara Creek is very high. The Vowah Creek is four miles wide. At Bourke it is close and muggy.. A few fat stock are coming forward. Feed and water, are splendid everywhere. GUNDAGAI, Dec. 12.—The weather during the past' few days has been very hot Stock Movements.— Saturday—5,000 sheep from Kitto station en route for Jingellic station, Murray, Martin, and Johnstone owners, Bowman in charge. Passed yesterday—1,430 store bullocks from Diamentina Lakes, Queensland, en route for Adelong station, Bardwell owner, in charge of Bowen; this mob has been two weeks travelling, and it will be another week before they will reach their destination. LOUTH, Dec. 12.—8,000 store wethers from Mount Monato to Booloomnn, Queensland, C B: Fisher and Co. owners, George Brown in charge, are now pass ing. WILCANNIA, Dec. 12.—The rain appears fo have cleared off for the present. The steamer Menindie has passed Menindie coming upstream. The Kmily Jane and Ruby, have passed Pooncarie up. The Victoria and the Hob Roy have left for WUcannia, and the Trafalgar for Uchuca, BOURKE, Dec. IS.—The following were the cross ings at the Darling-bridge, North Bourke, during the week ending the 10th inst.:—4th inst., 93 cattle from Bothwell to Sydney, H. H. Hartley owner in charge; 6th inst., 203 for Sydney, Neil Richardson owner;; 300 from Boolara to Sydney, Blackwood and Pater son owners; 7th inst., 22 from Diamantins-park to Bourke, A. Eccles and Co. owners; 8th inst., 90 from Nulty to Sydney, G. F. Burcher owner; 9th inst,. 196 fronVDulham Towers, travelling for Sale, Mathews owner : total cattle, 910. Sheep—6th inst, 3,290 from Kallara to Sydney, Walsh, Elliott, and Co. owners; 205 from Carringtoo-park to Bourke, A. Eccles and Co. owners ; 6th inst., 1J.000 from Longarrah to Aramao, Hann and Halloran owners; 3,000 from Lissington to Longmeadovs, Leemon Bros, owners; 7th inst, 386 from Warraweera to Bargee, James Brown owner; 13,300 from Boo ram bah, Kirkpatrick and Quinn owners ; 0tii inst., 300 from Sydney to St George, Hann aud Hodnett owners; 500 from Uooculta to Primrose Farm, T. Wilson owner; 10th inst., 11,000 from Murrawambi to Lands borougb, L. Richardson owner; 2,000 from Mooculta to Youmerina, W. Sutherland owner; total sheep, 47,191; also, 889 bales of wool.. The following $ ock passings are also reported :—190 fat cattle from Dulham Towers to Sydney are truck ing to-day; 300 fat cattle from Conbar, Wilson River, to Sydney are trucking at Bourke, H. B. Hughes owner; 11,000 ewes, including 300 selected high-class stud ewes, froin Yanko, Worbreccan, to South Comongin, Cieve, Fink, and Oo. owners, cross here to-day ; also, 290 rams from Boonook, same owners and destination. BKEWARRINA, Dec. 13.—The weather is fine, the days being warm and the nights pleasant. The river is at the ordinary level. Ail the back creeks are likely to rise. The recent rainfall has considerably improved tbe condition of pasturage generally throughout the district. Stock of all classes con tinue in grand condition. 4,000 mixed weaners from Yambercoona station, purchased by Mr. C. Fetber etonhaugh, for Gooriauawa, have passed in charge of Mr. Ross. HAY. Dec. 13.—The weather since Saturday has been excessively hot. Stock Passings—370 fat cows from the Herbert River, Queensland, going to Mel bourne; 10,000 store ewes from Dcniliquin, going to St. George, Queensland, Hillson and Co. owners ; 389 fat bullocks from the Herbert River, Queensland, Tobin and Co. owners, bound for Melbourne; 1,375 fat ewes from Oxley, for Sydney ; 796 store ewes, going up the river; 400 fat cattle from the Gulf of Carpentaria, for Melbourue. , NARANDERA, Deo. 13.—The weather is very fins and hot. The river is falling fast. There are some bush fires about Stock Passings :—12 trucks of fat sheep, from Hay to Homebueh, Christian and Har rington senders, Pitt, Son, and Badgtry agents; one truck, no sender's name, from Carrithool to Home bush, Wilkinson and -Lavender agents; one truck of horses from Warby to Melbourne. 