; ... ; TB:E';BÍ*ROOO (Q ). . i ; ú > , v Ii. BARCALDINE, April 26. ' Trai WBAráBB has continued fino, during tho Week,, wÁa,ópld nights» Oh.Wednesday it appearfld as1 if we Werp in for adownpour, but beforé. evening tho sky waa of a" beautiful ultramarine color, with suuh a cool breeze that householders had to hunt up winter'.' coverings. Stook passings in the district have boon numerous. At Blaakall, on the 20th, Mr. Roas arrived with 2¿$ firat-olasB Dur ham .ulla, young1. On Saturday the following atp.'k passed through :--14,803 Btora wothera, from Beaconsfield for Walhalla Station, near Da bo ; 13,000 wethers, same destination, also from Beacons field, At Iaisford thoro pasuod 17,000 wothors from Bimerah Station, for Liverpool Plains j and last woes 300''cattle pasted for Amby Downs, near Roma, ThèBe o»ttlo oompriso tho balance of tho Bimerah herd which wero all purchased by tho owners of Araby Downe. In Jundah a correspondent telegraphed the country ie now looking splendid, and the roads are in travelling order. On the 20th instant 100 heifers, good from, Carella Station, left for Mount Hatton, near Roma On the same date there passed from Verge mont 400 mixed oattlo for Dabbo NEWS FROM WINDORAH is td the effect that many of tho station buildings in the South Gregory district had moro or IOBS Buffered from flooda.-, Farrar'B Croak waa in very high flood. At Bedouri, it is said, tho highest flood ever known ia- being experienced there ; ic being presumed the Diamantina wa to ra have now only reaohod th«re. The bush'fires reported last week occurred on S+l toun Creek and Coreena Rans. Busine»B at tho rail way terminus oontinues dalt. There is very little outbidding to bo got, and thorO are ovor ono hundfod carriers waiting for outgoing stuff. Daring tho wouk 857 balert of wool carno to hand, ootaprisinif farther lots from Barcaldine*, Coreena, Aramao, R dney Downs, and Bea janefield Stations ; and about one hundred baloa have alrendy been received at th-i sUedB to-day. Of tho 857 balea, 40G wero trained to Rockhampton (nearly all to tho U.M. and A. Co.) in one day A lot of loading ia oxpeoted shortly for lat rf sheds in the tar west ; and it is expeoted that the dispatch of theso supplies will relieve aom" of tue diatresa unfortunately too provalent among the carry ing fraternity. Shearing waB finished at Aramao station on Friday, and tho men aro having a good timo in knocking down their cheques in tho town ships. THE MARATHON PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL SHOW, to be hoid tb a year at Muttaburra, will bs a success. Mr. -H. Cory, of Tooal^ makes another addition to, the jong list of Bpeoial prizes. He offers a piece of plate for airea for producing hacks and roadsters, to be judged with not less than three of hie progeny at ove 18 months. N RAILWAY/ PROGRESS:-The aeotion of the Central railway is oompteted and takonover, and the line now extends twelve milea beyond Barcaldine. The 12 mile track is to be treated aa a branch for the present. An engine and oompoBito oarri-igo will ran up twioe or throe times a week for tho Jsisford and western traffic. Tho next section beyond tho 12,milo, twenty five miles in extent, will be let about August. "Töe line will then extend to Black Gin Creek, already re named Bfraoombe 1 Mr. Curhow (Commissioner for Railways) and other railway magnar-oa arrived, laet weekVandiufpodted-the aeotión. Mesa'*.* O'Rourke and Ahorn, contractors, for tho section ^ joistcom pleted, havo secured a, three-months ballasting . oontraot, ,on the Central line, wh)oh-: will servo tbjcoep men and plant together until tendera fdr the next Bectiion ar« invited. ',. '"'j'.-'.'" '. MUNICIPAL,-Mr. R B. Banks haa'been'eleqfced to the vacant seat in the Blackall Munioipal Council; ?vice Alderman James, resigned. There are now five puhlioans in the council oat of the six aldermen. At the last meeting it waa resolved.. to inform* the Colonial Trea-uror that the oounoil oonld not afford to pay for any further cartage of water to tho boring machine. A earn of ¿2121 2« 6d had already hean expended on that account, and tho corporation was in too impoverished a state to continue the subsidy. LOCAL PR'OGEESS.-Mr. Warrooker, surveyor, ia busily engaged .n laying off suburban allotments ai the east end of Barcaldine. There ÎB a demand f"x lots of. abc at five nares in extent. Mr. Warraokei has also to report upon the suitableness of the neigh boring country for grazing farms. ' 