THE programme submitted by Sir HENRY PARKES in the Legislative Assembly on Monday evening can scarcely be said to possess the charm of novelty. With the exception of two items to which we shall presently refer, it is nothing more nor less than a reproduction of the policy of the late Ministry. Of course the measures are no better and no worse on that account. If the reforms suggested were necessary when proposed by Sir PATRICK JENNINGS and his colleagues, they must also be desirable when proposed by Sir HENRY PARKES and his colleagues. But at this point an awkward query suggests itself. If the measures were so good as the new Premier now tacitly admits them to have been, why did Sir HENRY PARKES and his followers use every weapon at the disposal of the faction obstructionist to prevent the reforms in question from becoming law? The question appears to us unanswerable, and the fact of its being so, goes to show very forcibly the altogether paradoxical position into which the political affairs of the colony have drifted. A month ago we had in office a Ministry that had originated a certain well-defined policy, the lines of which there is reason to believe met the general approval of the country, and which certainly commanded the support of a good working majority in the Legislative Assembly. Now we have this Ministry superseded by a Government representing a minority in the House, putting forward as a new scheme the programme of their predecessors, with two additions. And what are these two addi tions ? First, a resumption of the indiscriminate sale of Crown lands; and secondly a declaration in favor ot uncom promising adherence to free trade. Now it ever an issue was plainly put before the country and as unequivocally decided by the constituencies, it was the issue submitted when the STUART Ministry came into power, as to whether the wholesale alienation of the public estate should be continued. The question was almost unanimously determined in the negative, and there are no grounds for believing that the opinion of the electors on this head has undergone any change. So much for one of the two new planks in the platform. Regarding the other—the assurance that Sir HENRY PARKES will not consent to the imposition of grain duties—it is hardly necessary to point out that there is a widespread feeling in favour of this particular impost. The two points, therefore, on which the Premier presumably relies to convert his minority into a majority, are points upon which he is not in accord with the electors. Taking the Ministerial policy as a whole on its merits, there is very little room for comment, because there is very little new to comment upon. Retrenchment is good; a property tax may be necessary, though for many reasons an income tax is objectionable; the removal of the railways from political control is urgently required; and a reform of the Civil Service is also needed. But once more it may be repeated that all these things were attempted by the Ministry that has just retired, and attempted without success. Will the new Government be successful in carrying measures they have hitherto vexatiously opposed ? Will their minority be changed into a majority by the mere turning of their coats, and the introduction of proposals notoriously distasteful to the bulk of the electors ? The probability is that no such result will follow, and that the electors will not only clamour for grain duties, but will also strenuously oppose the imposition of a land tax. It may further be said that even now the necessity for direct taxation may be averted. The deficit of two and a half millions is not, after all, a very terrible affair, having regard to the wealth and resources of the colony, and an arrangement for its extinction within three or four years ought not to be a task of insuperable difficulty to competent financiers, even without direct taxation. Part of the amount required might be obtained from the custom-house, but the bulk of it could be secured by retrenchment on works, and by a system of graduated reductions in the Civil Service expenditure, under which the largest salaries would of course be those subject to the greatest percentage of diminution. WE have again to congratulate the committee of tha Mechanics' Institute on the highly satislactory result of their administration of the affairs of the Institute during the past 12 months. For many years it was a standing reproach to Albury that it did not possess an assembly-room in keeping with the requirements of the town, and the reproach might have been continued to the present day had it not been for the enterprise and public spirit of a few individuals. For in spite of the fact that some assistance was obtained indirectly from Government, which purchased a portion of the spare ground and so furnished the nucleus of a building fund, it must not be forgotten that the bulk of the money had to be raised independently of Government help, that it had to be expended in anticipation of its being collected, and that therefore a heavy personal responsibility had to be incurred. This responsibility was cheerfully undertaken by some half-dozen of our fellow-townsmen, and the result of their labors and their public spirit is now to be seen, in a building not surpassed in design or extent by any structure of the kind outside the metropolis, and a clear balance-sheet. Under such circumstances it is not surprising that the outgoing committee have been re elected en bloc. Possibly now that all is plain sailing; a new committee would have found no difficulty in directing the affairs of the Institute successfully for the year to come, but no doubt the members considered—very properly considered—that re-election was the least compliment that could be paid to the late officers. Now that the debt on the building has been extinguished, and that the income from subscriptions is steadily increasing, it is only reasonable to anticipate a considerable surplus as the result of the coming year's operations, and the committee will no doubt see their way to making liberal additions to the already extensive library. It is to be hoped, however, that another matter briefly referred to by the president will not be lost sight of. It is well to have a good library and to possess a first-class lecture-hall or theatre. It is better still to be able to boast that there is no debt hanging over one or the other. But at the same time it will not do to overlook the fact that the very name of the institution—" Mechanics' Institute and School of Arts"—entails upon its conductors the necessity of making some effort to afford special educational facilities. We are glad to have the assurance of the president that the committee recognises its responsibility in this respeot, and if in the attempt made in this new direction it achieves but a small part of the success that has crowned its efforts in matters of finance, it will deserve yet a larger measure of gratitude from the people of Albury. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—10,000 merino wethers from Victoria to Cootamundra, W. Reardon owner. THE RAINFALL.—The rainfall for the week was 50 points, bringing the total for the year to 1.36 inches. To CORRESPONDENTS.—" A. S." and " J. R." —We are unable to insert your letters, as their publication would make the paper liable to an action for slander. ACCIDENT ON THE RACECOURSE.—At the races on Wednesday one of the jockies, a lad named Freund, was thrown, and sustained a fracture of the leg. THE TOWN BAND.—The Albury Brass Band, under Mr. Pogson, played a variety of selections on Wednesday evening in the Botanic Gardens to a very large audience. POLICE PROMOTION.—We are glad to notice that Mr. W. E. Lenthall, formerly of Albury, has been promoted to the rank of first-class sub-inspector. The promotion takes effect from 1st January. LARGE HORSE SALE.—The horse sale conducted by Messrs. Chas. L. Griffith and Co. at the end of last week was the largest ever held in this district, 650 animals, mostly of a high character, being passed throuh the yards. FATAL ACCIDENT AT TUMBARUMBA.—A telegram to hand on Wednesday night runs as follows :—"Two children of Mr. R. Watson, Upper Tumbarumba, were drowned yesterday. The children were aged 10 years and seven years respectively." RINGBARKING ON CONDITIONAL LEASES.— In reply to a correspondent last week we stated that conditional lessees must obtain permission to ringbark. This was an error, permission being only required in the case of converted pre-emptive leases. THE WEATHER.—After several days of intense heat a grateful change took place on Monday afternoon, when a severe duststorm proved the herald of a good shower, followed up by light but steady rain, which continued for the greater part of the night. ILLNESS OF MR. STEAD —Another old resident of the district—Mr. Stead of Corowa— has, we regret to learn, been laid up by a severe attack of illness. For some days his recovery was extremely doubtful, but according to late advices he is improving. WODONGA LAND BOARD.—At the Wodonga Land Board on 20th inst. there were 49 applicants for block No. 59, 250 acres, Bonegilla. The Board decided to divide the block in equal portions between the following three applicants:—C. Kleinitz, T. Smith, and W. Rea, ACCIDENT AT YERONG.—We regret to team that a painful accident occurred to Mrs. O. Cox, at Yerong. It appears (says the W. W. Advertiser) that Mrs. Cox was getting into a buggy driven by Mr. Cox, when the horses started, and she was precipitated to the ground with such force as to dislocate her elbow. ILLNESS OF MR. J. C. GRAY.—We learn with very sincere regret that Mr. J. C. Gray, of the Border Post, is suffering from an attack of serious illness. Mr. Gray left Albury a short time since, under medical advice, for Mossvale. He was accompanied by Mrs. Gray, but during the past week the symptoms became so alarm- that other members of his family were sent for. A FALSE ALARM.-Shortly after 11 o'clock on Monday morning a dense smoke was observed rising in the northern part of Kiewa- street, and the fire-bell being rang, there was a general rush to the spot. Fortunately the alarm proved to be a false one, the smoke being caused by the burning-off of rubbish on the police reserve, for which formal permission had been obtained At the last meeting of the Borough Council. THE MULWALA BRIDGE.—Mr. Nimmo has received from the New South Wales Minister of Public Works plans of the proposed bridge over the Murray at Mulwala, and these are now being examined by the Inspector-Qeneral of Public Works, Mr. Steele. The bridge is to be erected at the joint expense of the two colonies, but until the plans have been considered Mr. Steele cannot say whether the proposed structure will prove too costly or not. THE GENERAL ELECTION.—'The following are the arrangements in connection with the forthcoming election —Albury : Day of nomination, February 7, polling 11th; Hume, nomination February 9th, polling 15th; Murray, nomination February 7th, polling 26th; Murrumbidgee, nomination February 16th, polling 24th ; Tumut, nomination February 14th, polling February 19th ; Wentworth, nomination February 16th, polling February 26th. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL.—Reports from all parts of the district continue satisfactory. The unusual luxuriance of the pastures of course tends to increase the risk of danger from bushfires, and damage from this cause has been occasioned in various places, though happily not to so large an extent as in the recent conflagrations down the river. The harvest reports show a yield considerably over the average, and it is estimated that the total output will be over 300,000 bushels. ALBUBY SMALL DEBTS COUBT.—On Tuesday last the following cases were disposed of: —Colquhoun v. Mitchell, claim for 16s.; summons not served. Dr. Andrews v. D. Jones; continued. Same v. J. Coleman, claim for £8 189. 6d., professional services; verdict for amount claimed. J. Adams v. Fleiner, claim for £810s.; verdict for amount claimed. Layland v. Corcoran, claim for £5 10s. for board and lodging ; verdict for amount claimed. Whitaker v. Wylie, claim for £2 16s. for goods delivered; verdict for £2 10s. PLEURO-PNEUMONIA.—According to reports to hand, pleuro-pneumonia has been gradually gaining way in the colony, and several head of cattle have already had to be destroyed this season in consequence. Last week (says the Dispatch) we reported a case which occurred on the Wangaratta common, and two fresh cases have since broken out at Wahgunyah, amongst the stock of Mr. King, a farmer. In each case the animals underwent an examination by Mr. Perry, the stock inspector, by whose order they were at once destroyed. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—On Tuesday last nominations for the ensuing municipal elections were received at the Council Chambers. For the three vacant seats at the Council table the candidates are Messrs. G. H. Billson, G. C. Thorold, A. H. Emerson, C. Schmiedt, W. J. Jones, and C. ReiB. For the office ot auditor the candidates are Messrs. A. A. Jones, F. Simmons, and D. Gardner. The nominations will be formally declared on Tuesday, when the various candidates will have an opportunity of addressing the ratepavers. FLOODS ON THE RAILWAY LINE.—The express train from Sydney on Tuesday morning arrived four hours late. The delay was occasioned by heavy floods between Breadalbane and Gunning, necessitating the train proceeding at a much slower pace than usual. At some places, also, the ballast had been washed away, whilst at others, although no damage was done to the line, debris was left on the rails after the water had subsided, and had to be cleared before the train proceeded. The rains in the locality named have been exceptionally heavy, with the result that the country has been flooded for miles round. THE ENGLISH MAIL.—By the new arrangements consequent upon the completion of the railway between Melbourne and Adelaide, the delivery of the English mail has been materially expedited. The Orient Company's steamer Chimborazo arrived at Adelaide on Thursday, 20th inst., and under the system formerly in force her mails would not have reached Albury before midnight on Saturday, in time for de-. livery at the earliest on Sunday at 2 p.m. Coming, however, by express from Adelaide to Melbourne, they reached Albury on Friday night, and were delivered at 9 a.m. on Saturday. THE MURRAY RESERVES.—The following letter has been handed to us (Times) for publication by Mr.Chanter, M.L. A. Department of Lands, Sydney, 11th January, 1887. Sir,—Referring to your letter of the 24th August, addressed to the Hon. the Minister of Mines, urging the cancellation of certain reserves in the Murray electorate, I have the honour to inform you that a number of reserves will shortly be proposed for revocation, and that the delay in dealing with the matter is reported by the local surveyor to be due to the flooded state of the country.—I have, &c;, STEPHEN FREEMAN,for the Under-Secretary." A LUNATIC.—A young man of small stature, giving the name of Fred Sims, who stated he came from the Ovens via Numnrkah, was locked up on Thursday last at Tocumwal, charged with being of unsound mind. Next, morning, at half-past 6, Senior- constable Bunman was astonished when he observed the prisoner creeping through a hole which he had made in the brick outer wall, and a violent struggle ensued before he locked him in an adjoining cell. The prisoner had scraped the mortar from the points with a handle which he had wrenched from the night tub, and then found a piece of hoop-iron in the wall, which he also utilised. THE COMMERCIAL BANK.—We have received the seventy-seventh report of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, showing that the profits on the operations of the last half-year amounted to £85,081. This added to the undivided balance of the previous half-year (£15,054) leaves a total of £100,135, which it is intended to appropriate as follows : —To payment of a dividend for the half-year at the rate of 25 per cent, per annum, £75,000; reserve for equalisation of dividends, £10,000; undivided balance, £16,139 3s. lOd. The reserve fund now stands at £600,000, and the reserve for equalisation of dividends at £115,000. THE ALBURY POLICE-MAGISTRATESHIP.— On Monday last the propriety of filling up the vacancy at Albury caused by the death of Mr. Keightley, was brought under the notice of the new Minister for Justice (Mr. William Clarke) by Messrs. Day and Hayes, Ms.P. Mr. Clarke declined to take any steps at present towards filling up the vacancy. At Orange, Goulburn, and elsewhere police magistrates are members of the local land boards, and it is Mr. Clarke's intention at present to endeavor to make arrangements to hand over the duties of police magistrate to some member of the Albury Land Board, who will be expected to combine the duties of both offices. In this way Mr. Clarke hopes to be able to effect a very substantial saving in the administration of justice at Albury. DROWNED IN THE MURRAY.—A Wentworth correspondent, under date 20th inst., writes :— "The body of a young man named John Lawson was found floating in the Murray this morning, about one mile below here. Deceased who had been missing nearly three weeks, had been employed by Mr. Bowring at a selection near here, and on New Year's Day came in for provisions, having left his horses tied up opposite the town. He crossed in a boat, obtained what he required, and left to cross for the return journey. The boat was picked up next day drifting down the stream, and the horses were found where they were tied on the previous day. The body, which is very much decomposed, must have been held down by a snag for some time. Deceeased was a Swede, and was about 26 years ot age." THE LATE BAND CONTEST AT TUNGAMAH. —At a meeting of the Caledonian Society at Tungamah last week a letter was read from the secretary of the Albury band, wherein the writer said he would hold the society responsible for the amount of the first prize in the late contest; and, further, that he heard one of the members of the Yarrawonga band say lhat it had cost them £7 to " square " the local judge, and that he (the secretary) could bring witnesses to prove his statement. It was decided (says the Mercury) after some dis cusssion, to write to the secretary of the Albury band asking him for proof of the charge against the Yarrawonga band, and to furnish information without delay. It was also decided to obtain Mr. Richard's (one of the judges) opinion on the matter. CATTLE STEALING ON THE MITTA MITTA.— A correspondent writes : —•• I have a vivid recollection of hearing, when a boy, many tales of the terror inspired amongst my forefathers by the incursions of the border Mosstroopers, and especially of a pair of spurs being served up in a dish by the house-mother when the larder was empty. The ancestral predilection for other people's beef appears to be retained by some in this part of the world, as a few industrious farmers have found to their cost when mustering up their cattle, the tally being woefully deficient. There has been no such extensive thieving since the deposition of Toki and Mitta Jack. The perpetrators of these nefarious outrages, however, on one occasion barely escaped by the skin of their teeth, and Nemesis, though slow, is sure to overtake them, however cunningly they conceal their dastardly acts." COURSING CLUB.—A public meeting was held at the Globa Hotel on Wednesday evening, Mr. C. Ten Brink in the chair, to consider the question of establishing a Coursing Club. The chairman explained the object of the meeting. Mr. R. Le Poer Trench moved a resolution to the effect that a provisional committee be appointed to arrange certain necessary preliminaries for the formation of a club, and to interview the committee of the Racing Club with a view to obtaining the use of the ground for a Plumpton, the committee to con sist of Messrs. Hughes, Nuzum, and the mover; with Mr. Trench as secretary. Mr. Nuzum seconded tbe motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Ten Brink, as secretary ot the Racing Club, said he would convene a committee meeting at an early date to consider the proposal of the provisional committee. The meeting then adjourned till Tuesday next. GRANTS TO FREE LIBRARIES.—During the last session the Victorian Parliament granted a sum of £7,500 for the purchase of books for free libraries. The Chief Secretary has issued a note intimating that applications for a share of the grant will be received at this office until the 28th February next. They should be made on forms of application which may be obtained by writing to the Under- Secretary. The conditions attached to the vote are that, grants be made in proportion to the sum, in the aggregate not less than £5, collected by private subscriptions or local rates during 1886; that no grant exceeding £150 be paid to any one library ; that no more than one-eighth of the entire sum be divided amongst institutions within ten miles of Melbourne; and that where the free library is part of or connected with a mechanics' or other institution, all the books belonging to the institution be placed in the free library. • RETRENCHMENT IN THE LAND'S DEPART- MENT.—Although the estimates of expenditure for the Department of Lands have not yet been completed, the officers are enabled to give a pretty accurate forecast of the amount of reductions which they will be enable to effect this year in the outlay of that branch of the public services. A statement—at the request of Mr. CopeUnd—has been prepared, which shows in the first place that there has been a saving on last year's votes of a total of £60,413 on the money actually voted though not expended. The sum of £31,755 will be saved in the survey branch, and£28,658 in the lands branch. Mr. Copeland has been enabled to do this be cause during the year in which he has held office as Minister he has declined to fill up some 47 vacant offices, the salaries of which ranged from £115 to £550 per year. A further sum of £8000 will be saved through reductions consequent upon resignation or dismissal of several of the officers who have been connected with the land frauds. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—The annual meeting of subscribers to the Albury Hospital and Benevolent Asylum took place on Mondav last at the Council Chambers, Mr. J. H. Turner in the chair. The report and balancesheet submitted showed a very large falling off in the amount subscribed, notwithstanding that several individual subscriptions of unusually large amounts had been received. Some discussion took place with reference to the advisability of appointing a paid collector to canvass the town and district, but no definite action was taken in tbe matter, the general opinion expressed being to the effect that the probable receipts of a paid collector would be nearly if not quite swallowed up in salary and expenses. The report and balance-sheet having been adopted, the election of officers was proceeded with. Messrs, G. Day, Turner, and Paine were respectively re-elected president, vice-president, and secretary. A large number of candidates were nominated as committeemen, and all four of the medical practitioners were nominated as medical officers. These nominations being in excess of the vacancies, il was decided to have recourse to the ballot, which was taken last evening, and resulted as follows :—Medical officers, Dr. Kennedy and Dr. Lyons ; committee, Messrs. D. J. Abercrombie, W. E. Lamport, G. C. Therold, C. Schmiedt, and C. Dight. ALBUBY RACES.—The annual race meeting on 16th and I7th March is likely to be very successful. The programme starts with a Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. each for starters to go to second horse. The Selling Stakes, of 30 sovs., one mile, weight for age, with usual selling allowances, comes next. The Mares' Produce Stakes, of 100 sovs., follows; and then comes the principal event of the meeting—the Albury Cup. The prize is a gold cup value 100 sovs. (the gift of Mr. John Hore) and 100 sovs. added by the club, with a sweep of 5 sovs. each for starters to go to the second horse; distance, one mile and a quarter and 182 yards. The Ladies' Bracelet, value 30 sovs., and Maiden Plate of like amount, complete the first day's racing. The chief event on the second day is the St. Patrick's Handicap, of 100 sovs., wih a sweep of 3 sovs. for starters to go to secoud horse; miles. The other events are :— Handicap for Two-year- olds, 30 sovs.; Prince of Wales' Stakes (selling race), 25 sovs.; Steeplechase, of 60 sovs.; Flying Handicap, of 30 sovs.; and Final Flutter, of 20 sovs. Nominations for the principal handicaps close 4 p.m. 16th February ; tor the Selling Stakes, Bracelet, Maiden Plate, Handicap for Two year-olds, Prince of Wales' Stakes, and Flying Handicap, 15th March at 4 p.m.; for the Final Flutter entries will be received up to the time for starting the Steeplechase. DBOWNED IN THE MITTA MITTA.—A case of drowning occurred at Carmody's crossing on the Mitta Mitta River, about five miles from Granite Flat, on Friday afternoon, 21st inst. Four men, viz., D. Carmody, F. E. Murphy, M. Welsh, and T. Welsh, were driving a mob of cattle over tbe river, when one of the beasts broke away and jumped into the river about 300 yards below the crossing, where the water is about 15 feet deep. T. Walsh, the unfortunate person drowned, swam his horse in after the beast. He was washed off his horse, which at once swam ashore. He then called out to those on the bank that he was drowning. E. Murphy went to Welsh's assistance on horseback, and caught hold of him by the arm, but the weight of the two men sank the horse. When his horse sank Murphy made for the bank, and Welsh having hold of his shirt by the sleeve it was torn off before Murphy was free from the drowning man's grasp. The horse came to the surface again with Welsh, who caught at the reins, and pulled himself on to tbe horse's back. They both sank and did not rise to the surface again. D. Carmody also went to the rescue, but his horse sticking in the mud he was unable to go any further. Assistance was then procured, and the river dragged. After dragging about 2½ hours they recovered the body with a long-handled garden rake. The body was taken to the residence of deceased's parents at Granite Flat. A magisterial enquire was held on Saturday, and a verdict of accidentally drowned returned. The deceased was about 28 years of age, and the main support of the family. The funeral took place at 12 o'clock on Sunday in the Granite Flat cemetery, a large number following the remains to their last resting place. ALBURY POLICE COUBT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases were dealt with:— Tnomas Whitaker v. Richard Wylie, Mr. Nagle for plaintiff, Mr. Wilkinson for defendant. This was a summons under the Tenements Recovery Act, to recover possession of certain property at Bungowannah, on the ground that the conditions of the lease had been broken by defendant. Mr. Nagle produced the agreement for letting a small farm at Bungowannah for two years from 1st January, 1885, with option of renewal for one year ; the lessor reserving right of re-entry in default of compliance of certain conditions by defendant. Mr. Wilkinson contended that the court had no jurisdiction. If the conditions had not been complied with by defendant, plaintiff had his remedy by action. The Bench overruled the objection, and evidence was taken. Ultimately a decision was reserved until Thursday. Yesterday, before Messrs. Dulhunty and Wood, J's.P., the following business was disposed of:—In the ejectment case Whitaker v. Wylie the Bench made an order for ejectment within 30 days. The Bench declined to allow costs. J. D. Powell was charged with stealing a wooden stamp, the property of Wan Goon. The defence was that the prosecutor had given defendant a plug of tobacco, and that defendant, being shortsighted, took the stamp in place of the plug of tobacco, which it somewhat resembled. The Bench gave the defendant the benefit of the doubt, and directed him to be discharged on the rising of the court. A young man named William Williams, residing at Bowna, was charged with an unmentionable offence. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for the defence. After several witnesses had been examined tbe prisoner was committed for trial at the next court of quarter sessions, on 28th February. The Bench consented to take bail in two sureties of £80 each, and prisoner himself in a like amount. MINERS' RIGHTS.—Mr. R. Jeffs, postmaster at Zulu Creek, has been appointed to issue miners' rights and business licenses. RETURNING OFFICER,—Mr. H. B. Johnson has been appointed returning officer for the school district of the Murray Riding of the Shire of Towong. To CONTRACTORS.—Tenders are invited up to 3 p.m. to-day for supplies for the Albury Hospital for the twelvemonths next ensuing. Full particulars will be found in our business columns. SALE OF TUMBARUMBA PROPERTY.—We are requested to state that the Tumbarumba land advertised for sale by Messrs. W. G. Steel and Co. will be offered at Schmiedt's hotel, Albury, on 12th February. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. — We have received a copy of the Wagga Express Riverine Directory. This is a well-got-up gazetteer of the district between the Murray and the Mnrrumbidgee, containing a large amount of useful information, well arranged and compiled with evident care. It is issued by the Wagga Express. THE RIVERVIEW COLLEGE,—We have received a well-got-up pamphlet setting forth all particulars concerning St. Ignatius' College, Riverview. The work contains a full account of the school work and its results for the past year, the names of all the pupils, and illustrations of the college buildings and ground. The progress of the establishment appears to have been highly satisfactory, judging from the number of pupils and the success achieved at the University examinations; whilst the design of the new building now in course of erection represents a really magnificent structure. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in this issne :— Messrs. E. M'Lennan and Co. announce stocktaking sale at Dublin House ; clearing-out sale at Messrs. Friedman and OO.'B Federal City Stores; colt lost; Messrs. Richmond and Robinson, plumbers, &c.; Dean-street; Burrajaa races 10th February; Mr. Lyne's Corowa committee ; Mr. G. C. Parker announces clearing sale at the Bon Marche ; Mr. C. Schmiedt addresses the ratepayers ; Messrs. Cunnington and Rahn sell horses and cattle on 5th February ; meeting of Mr. Lyne's' Tumbarumba committee 31st January; Messrs. Ryan and Hammond eell Larriston estate in March ; Messrs. T. Mates and Co. sell store stock at Corryong 31st Januat^y ; Mrs King, Tumbarumba Hotel; Messrs. Ryan and Hammond sell land at Cotton Tree 7th February; quartz-mill for sale; filly lost ; Messrs. T. Robinson and Co. advertise farming machinery; Mr. W. J. Lyne's Tumbaruniba committee; Mr. Hayes asks the suffrages of The Hume electors ; Dr. Bourchier, Tumbarumba ; cow lost; Mr. Lyne's Tumbarumba committee meet on Monday evening ; Mr. Billson asks the vote of the ratepayers ; Mr. G. Day will agtiin stand for Albury ; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. sell land at Wodonga 12th February ; Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. sell store cattle at Wodonga 4th February; Herr Kohler's concert 7th February ; Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. sell fat stock on Wednesday; Messrs W. C. Steel and Co. sell cottages 12th Februarv and furniture 11th February; Messrs. Dougharty, Son and Parker sell fat and store stock 8th Febrnary, and horses 31st March; Messrs. Chenery Bros' sell fat stock on Wednesday at Albury, and fat and store stock and freehold land at Tallangatta 28th January. 