RIVER NEWS. ' TBv TeleOTanh.1 -Bourke, December 5. The following district reports are to band :— At Louth late rains have greatly improved the already good pasturage, and with, cool ; weather large mobs of Btore sheep are travelling, mere is a notice able decline in the numbers of fat cattle reported. Tilpa is experiencing a splendid season; a few fat stock are moving. At Cobar the weather is warm ; rabbits are increasing fast ; more rain is required ; a few stock are travelling. In the district of Condobolin warm days and cool nights ; reports of great damage done by grass seeds ; many sheep have been temporarily blinded ; large numbers of Btore sheep are travelling. At Nyngan the late rainfall giyes prospect of a good season. The weather is sultry, and there are but few stock travelling. At Coonamble the weather is warm ; the district is looking splendid ; business in store sheep is fairly good ,? numerous mob3 are travelling. At Forbes summer weather prevails ', bush fires are raging all round the district j last week grasshoppers appeared, but the district Is looking well yet. At Walgett the late rains were very opportune, and should secure good feed all through the summer ; large numbers of store and fat sheep are travelling. At Dubbo the late heavy rains were most beneficial, and the summer prospects are secured; some damage has been done to the crops by heavy rain, but not much. There is abundance of feed at Warren ; though grass and water are in abundance still the late rains have been gladly welcomed 3 good numbers of cattle are about for trucking and feed. At Nymagee the country looks magniQcent and the stock are fat ; rabbits are numerous. At Cunnamulla grass and water are plentiful ; the late rains have had the effect of replenishing the feed on the I stock routes along the Warrego ; very few stock are travelling. At Bourke grass and water are abundant, but travel ling Btock are few ; there is apparently a great decline in the numbers of fat cattle coining forward. . The weather is splendid, little real summer weather so far. Lee & McAlister report having forwarded to Sydney during November from Boorara, 158 bales ; Currawinnya, 214 do. ; Tena pagee, 225 do.; Belalie, 483 do.; Kerrl bree 427 do.; Beemery, 236 do.; Taly coiyea, 200 do.; Toorale, 444 da; Narraweena, 591 do.; Dunlop, 373 do.; Comongin. 38 do.; CorreUa, 199 do. ; Fort Bourke, 154 do.; Taloula, 169 do.; Multagoona, 30 do,; L. E. Dandy, 3 do.; Lower Lila, 28 do.; Nbeoleehe, 69 do.; Total, 4,241 bales. i 