A NE)V0HUM OUTWARD BOUND. THE CONCLUSION OF THE VOYAGE. FEOM COLOMBO TO K. G. SOUND. Having embarked again at Colombo ure found a busy crowd on the deck of the steamer. The passengers were fast re assembling after their excursions to various places in the neighbourhood.' Some were comparing notes with regard to the locali ties they had visited; others were settling up with the native tailors for suits of white duck ordered on arrival ; afew were racing over' the ship complaining that the men who took their linen to wash had forgotten to bring it back again; and others again were providing against the twelve days we should be out of sight of land, by laying*in a store of various kinds of fruit. The pine apples were not so good or so cheap as those we had purchased at one of the stations on me ivanay railway; the natives wanted threepence for a good pine-apple, but still it was a treat to obtain such luscious fruit at the price. In an hour or so the sailors cleared the coolies off the decks, bundled them and their goods down the side, the anchor was hoisted, and we steamed away for King George's Sound. Our course across the Indian Ocean had almost been due east, and we had not experienced any very hot weather; but now on leaving Colombo we were steering in a much more southerly direction ; the equator would be crossed in two days' time, so we were anti cipating a sultry week or ten days, till we should emerg:e on the south side of the tropics. The weather, indeed, seemed to be growing decidedly warmer as we sat on deck that same afternoon, watching the dark green fringe of cocoanuts gradually recede as the coast bore away to the east ward and the lofty mountains about Adam's Peak growing a paler blue in the distance. We found it very warm that evening, but the cabins of the P. and 0. vessels are well provided with air. The little round porthole, or ' scuttle ' as they call it, is placed directly in the centre of a trapdoor or 'port,' some eighteen inches square, which opens outwards. In calm weather these trapdoors are hauled up from the outside, leaving a fine large aperture for the sea-breeze to blow into one's berth. We had our ports open that night, and somewhat tired with the day's exertions were not long in falling asleep. It was not destined, however, that we should enjoy our repose in peace, as soon after midnight we were rudely awak ened by being swilled with cold water from head to foot. In the consternation of the moment thoughts of shipwreck and a wat ery grave were naturally the first to arise in oar minds, but we soon realised that it was merelv an unexpected wave that had come in through the port. In tropical latitudes one sleeps on the top of the counterpane instead of underneath it, so we had nothing to break the force of the water. The ports were soon shut down, but it was useless to think of remaining in the cabin, as the mattresses and bedding were soaked through and through. Having procured some dry clothing from our boxes we emerged into the passage, where a scene i jf desolation presented itself. All down the long corridor on the port side of the ship, heaps of vet blankets, &c;, were accumulating, which were thrown out of the cabins by the wretched passengers within. Agonising female cries of ' Steward ! Sf awoWl \' nrnnooflpfi nnf nf Mia dnvVnooo ? and drowned-out individuals moved de^ jectedly about seeking for dryer quarters. We made our way over the heaps along the passage and spent the rest of the night on the seats in the saloon. The officer on duty is supposed to keep a look-out on the water, and have the ports shut down if there is any sign of the sea f resheniag ; but as in this instance, it does sometimes happen that a wave rises unexpectedly, and washes broadside in before the precaution can be observed. It was very hot and sultry as we were crossing the line, and a day or two after wards we had a very heavy downpour of tropical rain. We were expecting Father Neptune to make his appearance and cele brate the occasion with the usual rites ; but for some leason he does not receive a warm welcome on board the P. & 0\. vessels, so as of ten as not he stays away. These steamers are becoming like great floating hotels, and the passengers are somewhat too dignified to endure his familiarities. On the twelfth day after leaving Colom bo we sighted land somewhere in the neighbourhood of Cape Leu win, and had our first view of Australian shores. Barren and uninviting they looked in the distance, but the details were a good deal obscured by a number of bushfires that were raging near the coast. Having so recently taken our leave of all that we loved in the Old Country, this, our first sight of the new one, naturally prompted a sort of comparison between the two. We could not believe that the land before us would ever occupy the same place in our hearts as the home over the sea. As a matter of fact, however, I suppose that of all the young people that emigrate to Australia the overwhelming proportion remain in the Colonies. Even if, after a number of years, a man has the opportunity of returning, he rarely settles d»wn permanently again in Great Britain. Many a young man when he leaves home starts forth with the thought of coming back again at the end Ul bilU Ul UU1CC JHCULat JLritu vul/ i;aai.ww j \\*tMt.a soon grow into five, and when he does return he returns only on a visit, if he has once become thoroughly accustomed to colonial life. The new-comer is very much struck with the disadvantages of the country of his adoption, because he is just fresh from the conveniences and pleasures of bis former surroundings ; but there are undoubtedly many attractions to the colonies which in great measure compen sate for, though they never fill the place of, the old associations. The oldest colonists speak of going to England as going ' home,' and such a hold kas the name in this connection, that we find the younger generation, who have been born and brought up south of the line, still making use of the same term. We reached Albany about half-past four on the Tuesday afternoon. I have noticed since arriving that the P. & O. vessels usually come in with the mails on the pre vious day, the Monday. Our captain might easily have brought us in a couple of days sooner, but as the vessel was not due tc arrive till the Tuesday night, he did not trcuble to keep up the speed. We had left Colombo in good time, and should have made a very quick passage if they had gone ahead at the pace we travelled at in the Mediterranean, namely, about 315 miles a day. Orders were given, however, to slow down in order to economise coal ; so we plodded steadily along about 265 per day, and thus lost the time that we had gained before. We were much more favourably impressed with Albany than we had expected to be from what we had heard about it on board the steamer. The people of Victoria and New South Wales delight in disparaging Western Australia, and everything connect ed with it. One described the town as a ' row of wooden houses on a sandheap ; ' another said that grass would not grow at Albany, it produced nothing but sand. Consequently when we arrived and found a first-rate land-locked harbour and the little town picturesquely situated under the. shelter of a wooden hill we began to hope that matters were not so bad as they were pictured. Perhaps we shall have an oppor tunity sometime in the future of stating how they appear to us after a more extend ed acquaincance. There were only three persons on this occasion who left the ship with their goods and chattels ; but the bulk of the passengers availed themselves of the six or seven hours before the vessel sailed again, in order to go on shore for a stroll. Many of those on board had never set foot on the great Island-Continent before. For the rest of the afternoon the main street of Albany presented an unusual scene of bustle emu uiixuiabLvu, a, gcnujr ulcoocu uiuuuk nau dering hither aud thither ; to leave, how ever, the absence of life more marked when the company re-embarked for Adelaide. When darkDess closed in we went down to the jetty with our fellow-voyagers, t-j bid them good-bye after the many plea ?sum claj we had spent together. We saw them dis appear into the gloom on the little steam launch, and returned along the jetty with mingled feelings, to spenxl onr first night in Western Australia.. 