NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, December 1. The Rabbit Bill introduced into the Assembly this evening provides for the abolition of the Bubsidy hitherto paid to runhoiders by the Government for the destruction of rabbits. Deaths from snakebite are more than usually numerous this season. Several cases are reported from the country dis tricts, and this morning a Chinese gar dener at Botany died from the effects of a bite from a death-adder. Meters. W. Keats and R S. Chester have shipped for England by the steamer Riverina six valuable hunters and harness horsea selected in Victoria and New South Wales. This is the firat experiment -j£ the kind, and if the result is successful further important shipments of high-clats stock will be made to Kngland. A mysterious case of poisoning is re ported from Manus Station, near Turn berumba. Shortly after taking tea on Tuesday a number of shearers were taken ill, and displayed symptoms of having absorbed poison or some other irritant. Constable Donaldson, of Tumherumba, who happened to be on the station and took tea with the men, was also attacked. No serious results are likely to follow. The police are making a full enquiry, and' have secured samples of the tea which caused the mischief. The station is the property of Mr. Robert McMickiug. Sydney, December 2. It is raining over nearly the whole colony. Up to 4 inches has been re corded in the New Kngland district, and in most places the return is upwards of an inch. At the inquest on the body of Nicholas John Leonard, the victim of the recent stabbing affray at a restaurant in George street, a verdict of murder was returned against a waiter named Frederick AVeseldon, who attacked deceased with a knife after a short altercation regarding the attention paid by Leonard to one of the waitresses. Sydney, December 4. Several new appointments are to be made in the Legislative Council member ship, which has recently been consider ably reduced by deaths and resignations. A fatal boating accident took place at Hexham on Saturday midday. William Cahill was rowing a little girl named Cheeseman across the Hunter River, when the punt became waterlogged and sank. Both occupants were drowned. Sydney, December 5. The new 40-ton yacht Era, built to the order of Mr. Alfred Milson, was success fully launched to-day. The event excited considerable interest in yachting circles. Mr. Milson is the owner of the Waitangi, which won the last Intercolonial Yacht Race. A large number of counterfeit coins have lately been placed in circulation, and to day Dennis McDarra, aKas McDonald, was committed for trial for having counterfeit coins in his posBeBBion. The operative tailors decided to demand' that the present system of outdoor or home work should be abolished, and insist on all* work being done on the premises. If the masters resist a strike will occur during the next two or three weeks. The Government have accepted the tender of Messrs. Evans, Anderson, Phelan, & Co., engineers, of Kangaroo Point, for fifty locomotives, at £2,325 10a. each, or G£ per cent, above the cost of English engines landed in the colony. An appeal against the recent decision of the Central Police Court that the Bale of newspapers in the streets on Sunday was - contrary to the provisions of the Act of William IV. directed against Sunday trading waa heard by Judge Stephen to-day. It was contended that section 10, under which the information was laid, only applied to Sunday trading in houses or other places of business, but the Judge sustained the conviction, although he admitted that the point was a difficult one, which he would like to see submitted to the Full Court. Sydney, December G. The Government have sent to America for a scientific agriculturist, aa it is in tended to establish schools of agricultura in various places in the colony, and it is considered necessary to obtain a first-class man to initiate the work. It has been excessively hot to-day. About noon a stonemason, Joseph Battel, while working in a quarry at Pyrmont dropped dead through, it is supposed, sunstroke. Following up the recent examination of samples of colonial beer the Government Analyst is now analyzing samples of English beer imported into the colony with a view of ascertaining whether they contain fusel oil in greater or less degree than the locally brewed article. Hanlan has agreed to row Trickett on the Fitzroy River on May 6. The Beach Testimonial Fund amounts to £700. Sydney, December 7. The Hon. M. B. Hawke, captain of the M.C.C. English cricketers, left for Mel bourne by the express to-night with a view of catching the Ormuz, and proceed ing by her to England. His immediate return home is rendered necessary by the death of his father, Baron Hawke. W. W. Read is at present acting aB captain of: the cricket team. A destructive bushfire has been raging for twenty-four hours on the western side of the Berrigan, in the Jerilderie district. Several aettletB are completely burnt out and their crops destroyed. The fire is now spreading towards Won namurra Run, sweeping e?ery thing before it. A gentleman named Thomas Parker, aged 40 years, who had been negotiating the purchase of Rookery Station, in the Cobar district, was found drowned at the rear of the hotel at Young. It is supposed that he committed suicide, as he has been uneasy owing to the non-arrival of remit tances expected from New Zealand to enable him to complete the purchase. A case of highway robbery is reported at Newcastle, the victim being the wife of a produce merchant, who was assaulted and robbed of £7. Mr. A. H. McCnlloch, one of the members for Central Cumberland in the Assembly, who recently assigned his estate, will resign, as his seat-is likely to be disputed. It is stated on good authority that none of the designs for the State-house could ? Ve carried out for anything like £150,000, the sum proposed to be devoted to the work. The design recommended for first prize would coBt £750,000 to carry out, and the others selected an next in order of merit would cost £405,000 and £33£,500 respectively. The weather has been very unsettled during the last few days. The extreme heat of yesterday was followed by higli winds to-day, and rain set in in the evening. Light rain is reported from the coast districts, but fine from the rest of the colony. Reports from some country districts state that the financial policy of the Go vernment is regarded with great disfavour, the abolition of duties on farm produce and timber being especially condemned. The Mayor of Sydney was so deeply impressed during his recent inspection of the lower parts of the city of the necessity of erecting artisans' dwellings close to manufacturing and trade centres that he will shortly call a meeting with the view of forming a Company for the purpose. The movement is not purely philanthropic, as the Mayor expects to be able to show every probability of the capital invested yielding a good return. A. Select Committee, appointed by the Legislative Council to enquire into the existing law controlling the practice of medicine, recommend the appointment of a Medical Board, with full powers, to control the registration of practitioners, and that provision be made to punish those improperly using titles calculated to deceive the public as to their being qualified practitioners. 