THE VEGETABLE PRODUCTS ■■■!*.,i tJOlJMIBBIOK. to Veep what was originally intended for the ; tuiilowitecs lo operate upon fitter they hail; been a; the cost of erecting macliinery. It; was absurd to 8How a tuihowner only three j acres whereon to erect his taill and otDer ■ haibiings, and it was manifestly wrong to . allow spotters and others to cut the timber which be had intended should teed his milk . Under such asysteinotallowingthemiiiowner ■ to iiave no pr->p-.ny iu the umber until it; was cat and branded, there was no in ducement tor mihownere to c-jiiserve the forests It was not uncommon lor 50 or 100 ; men to be given licenses to cut timber tor a ; railway contractor close up to the mill of a; sawyer, who had 6jw>nt a la rue sum on his plant. lie had machinery which cost £le,000 j lying idle owing to the wholesale manner iu , which timber had been removed, not by j millers, but by others. It used to be the j rale that no two mills should be planted i within two miles of each other, but this rule j itad been broken through, and on tile ■ opening oi the Dayiesiord railway ilr. j Richardson gave to another the virgin j portion oi the lorest which he (Mr. Lyon; as i a pioneer was entitled ta The right was also given to carry & tramway right past his miiL Tiie existing vexatious regulations, which had done much to encourage the waste of timber were made while Mr.Clement llodgkiuson was at the head of the forestry department, yet that gentleman complained oil every opportunity of the ruthless destruc tion oi timber. He (the witness) calcu lated that timber of the value of about £10,000,000 bad been removed from the forests of the colony, in consideration of which only a few hundreds of pounds had l,»een returned to the Treasury. The remedy for what had been done would be to reculti vate the forests, and meanwhile to gratft grazing, rights on lease, on condition that the ground was kept free from vermin, and that precautious were taken against bush fires. A vety necessary improvement, too. considering bow watercourses which were used for domestic purposes were led from the bill-side forests, would be to clear the ground of decaying vegetable matter, which was veiy offensive both to eight and smell. He had kDOwn sickness —in cne cose resulting in death—to occur from drinking water which was contaminated in this way. As the forests acted as reser voirs by holding the water and providing shelter against evaporation, it was very necessary that the bills should be kept clothed with timber wiiltin one_ and a half miles of their summit and half a mile in width. So much of the ranges should be per manently reserved, and the accumulated rubbish removed. William Dradshaw, sawmiller at Nar-Nar Goon and Cannibal Creek, complained of the exercise of political patronage in the adminis tration of the forest department, and of the unfair manner in which sawmillers were treated as compared with those who took out a grazing license. The sawmiller paid £120 per annum and the grazier £10 per annum, the difference in the privileges given being that the latter was not supposed to cut or ring the timber, but this regulation was often disobeyed. The denuded forests ought to be replanted, tbe cost being de frayed ont of the revenue obtained from timber licenses. In his opinion foreign trees would not grow among the eucalyp tas forests, although some of them did well on areas that had never pre viously grown trees. It would not be well to allow grazing in tbe young forests. The graziers, when tbe grass became rank, often fired the vegetation in order to obtain, in a short time, a young and snccnlent crop of grass. Hence the fees obtained for grazing licenses might be altogether incom mensurate witb the loss they might occasion. What was wanted for the good government of the forests was a code of regulations made by men who were practically acquainted with forestry. Mr. J. Harward De Rinzy, managing director for Sanders and Co., of the Indian Emporium, supplemented the evidence formerly given by him before the commission, with some notes as to tbe best kinds of Indian produce to cultivate in Victoria He recom mended dhnb grass, Canaigre hops, Nankin cotton, Indian .wheat. The forest depart ment of India was a very profitable one, and admirably Bncceeded in replanting nnd conserving tbe timber of that country. The protection of the forests was not only bene ficial to tbe rainfall, bnt the trees formed points of electrical discharge from the sur face of the earth. The commission then adjourned. 