? (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) r I regret having to jj«£e the death of a very <old resident——in fact, one of the pioneers of the district, Mr. John Barrier, who last week passed away to join the great majority, after a long and painful illness. He served in the fioyal Navy during the Crimean war, came to Victoria about a quarter of a Century ago, and took up land on the Little Yarra. One of the kindest and most gentle of men, faithful and honorable ;in whatever work he undertook, his death will be regretted by all. ^ Within the memory of the oldest inhabitant there has not been so long a continuance of the intense heat such as we have had during the past week ; added to this we have have had bushfires raging along the south side of the river, and great fears were at one time entertained that valuable property and crops would be destroyed—luckily there was very little wind. We had a change on Tuesday, the air became cooler, and jaow all danger is over. Nevertheless, there should be some caution used in setting the bush on fire. There is too much valuable property in this part now to permit of the practice with impunity. The rain gauge registered 4-94in. for 14 days' rainfall "during the month of December. During the year 1886 the amount was 55-76in. for 158 days, while for the year 1885 the record stands 53"28in. for 161 days of rain. CUBED OF DRINKING.—"A young friend of mine was cured of an insatiable thirst for liquor, that had so prostrated his system that he was unable to do any business. He was entirely cured by the use of Am. Co's Hop Bitters. It allayed all that burning thirst, took away the appetite for liquor, made his nerves steady, and he has remained a sober and steady man for more than two years, and he has no desire to return to his cups."—From a leading R. R. Official. ALCOHOLIC FATCTTF.—The chronic debauchee feels that he positively cannot exist without his alcoholic stimulation. To quit drinking or to continue the habit brings death all the same. Such a man can find,in American Co's Hop Bitters properly used a ierfeet panacea for the drunkard's cure. . rlead. . If you want to cure a young woman of pestering you for presents, send her something inexpensive, superscribed—"To Miss , on her thirty-fifth birthday." 