Great Bush Fires in Victoria. (From the Melbourne Telegraph of Monday.) TOOUMWAL, Sunday Night. In this part of the Biverina disastrous bush fires make their appearance annually as regularly ns Christmas. In 1884 a serious firo played sad havoc amongst the settlers. It commenced on the 6th January, nnd every yenr since then a firo has :broken out within 12 miles of thiB town ship, and every year it hns been worse. Lust year the fire was nt its worst, when, pro videntinlly, n hoavy shower of rain fell, nnd it was. extinguished a.i suddenly ns it began. This year, on tho Gth January, nt 10 a.m., tho epidemic again mmlu its appearance. On this occasion tho fire is the worst ever seen by white meii in this district, and it is still raging at its east and west extremities, though at the latter end there, is every probability of its soon being got under. The townspeople and settlers for miles around have been working to help their neighbours to snvo their property, nnd they nre now nearly nil knocked up with fatigue nnd heat. Tho weather is exceedingly hot. Yesterday it was 105- in tho true shade, nnd to-day it was 110 — n regular ' roaster.' In the bush nenr the smouldering timber the heal was overpowering, nnd must have been considerably over 150 degrees. Mr. Cameron hns a holding of 1280 acres, half of which he selected, and half of which his wife did the same with previous to their marriage, and then becoming man nnd wife, their estate beenrno one. It appears .that Cameron hnd a 50-acre paddock on which a fine crop of wheat had been standing, ready to be stripped, for more than a week, but ho liad to wait his time till thn stripper was dis engaged. On Thursday last, nt 10 o'clock a.m., they got down to the paddock to com mence operations. The entrance is nt the north-enst comer. The eastern fence is chock and log, nnd the northern wns a bush fence. Two men, with a team of horse», entered the jaaaocK wim a winnowing mnchine. About five minutes afterwards came two men, with a pair of horses attached to tho stripper. Just as they got through the gate— so the man states —the horses tramped on some wax matches, and before they knew were they were the grass le grass was all ablaze. It took them all their time to get the horses safely out of tho paddock, and to place the machinery beyond he reach of the fire. By this time the fire iad got a strong hold of tho grass and tho bush fence, nnd ns the| wind was blowing from tho north-east, the fire made straight for the grain. Cameron's honBo was n quarter of a mile away, and Cameron and Mr. Atkinson, his easterly neighbour, who wns olso waiting for the etripper, . had gone to the dam to get a barrel of water. Suddenly they saw smoke, and Cameron, dropping the bucket, exclaimed, ' Great heavens, the grain is on fire 1' and off they let to the scene of tho outbreak. All along the north of the Barooga boundary selectors bad paddocks of beantiful grass and rich cropi of wheat, many of them averaging fully 20 bushels to the acre. Amongst the selectors a panic sot in, and it wps si ne t'Tie before they could realise their position. The ploughs were got out, and the land several furrows deep inside the fences turned over. People came flocking from all directions, and though here and thoro a few square yards of the proas was burnt, the fire was kept from spreading in thoir direction. Ttna was extremely fortunato, for had it been otherwise the loss nnd suffering would be very terrible, ns once the fire got northwards, scores of sottlers would have been ruined. The fire made a clean sweep of Bnrooga station, burning it out from boundary to boundary, and out of about 80,000 acres of good grazing land 75,000 acres had been left bare. It was only by super human efforts that the men on the run, assisted by dozens of willing workers from Tooumwal, saved the woolshed and men's huts ; in fact, their esoape was almost a miraole. The fell destroyer had actually burned the grass right up to the walls of the buildings and scorohed the foundations. Many^ of the men were severely scorched. The station was saved. It is not yet knpwn how many sheep have been burned, but it is thought that the loss in thiB direction will bo slight. ' ' One of the first to feel the effects of the con flagration was Mr. Edward Hillson, storekeeper and farmer. Mr. Hillson is the owner of the only large store in Toeumwal, and is also the proprietor of about 3000 acres of land about half-a-milo from the township. There are seven grazing paddocks and two in cultivation. Mr. Hillson, Mr. Jeffries, his manager, and as many men as they could muster, watched the advance of the fiery foe, and were prepared to fight it to the uttermost, but despite all their efforts the fire pot into the back paddock about 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. It onmo from Mr. Sugden'a paddook, which is behind Mr. Hill son's. Hard and unremitting work succeeded in temporarily stopping the ravages of tho fire fiend when it passed through the timber country and reached the plains ; but when morning came and the sun rose, his fierce glare made all the grass lands red hot, and although every effort was made by the watoherg, who had been on duty nil night, the fire spend with astonishing rapidity. Tho firo came southward in two wings, one through Mr. Deakin s paddocks on the west flanks, and into Mr. Hillson's stripped paddook, where 600 bags of wheat where bundled together in six staeks. The men, aided by Mr. Dunne, of tho Electric Telegraph Department, succeeded, by burning round these wheat-stacks, and sprinkling water on tho surrounding stubble, in saving them all. Eighty ute bags only were burned, and a little grain injured, but it is anticipated that when the wheat is re- winnowed at least 80 per cent, of it will be saved. This paddook contained 200 acres of wheat straw, and adjoins the Albury road. Messrs. W. and R, Hennes3y, of the firm of Honnessy Brothers, who own Glentworth and Springfield estates, and who havo been'nctively engnged looking after the fire and ondenvoring to keep it off their property, stated : — About 10 o'clock, when nt Springfield, where we re side, we saw the smoke of a lnrge buBh fire about six miles north- east of Toeumwal. Wo made nil hasto in that direction, nnd when we met the fire it had reached the weBt side of the rock. It wns coming down south- enstwnrds at a rare rate. It passed through the Murray run, and destroyed nearly the whole of it? This used all to belong to M'Farland Brothers, but a great portion of it has been solected. One of the selectors, Joseph Howard, hns been burnt clean out, only bis house being saved. The fire ranched tho Jerilderio road on Thursday night or Friday morning, but up to Friday night, (since when we have not been far alone the road, it had not passed it. Last ynar tho young Browns, selectors near the Murray, about 10 milos tip tho Jerilderio road, along with soveral others, organised a firc- brignde. These men havo been, with others, going up and down tho road, and beating nut nny sparks which might le blown across into the west paddook. Up to Friday night thoy succeeded in doing this, but since then the firo Ii.ib worked round north ward, nnd is blazing for miles to the west. Wo have Bucceoded in keeping Glentworth, which lies to the cast of Mr. Sugden's, and be tween tho Albury road and tho River Murray, free from the fire, This station is now safo for tho present, but there is a small corner of Mr, Sugdon's next the river unburnt, which may yet biazo up, So men nro stationed to watch it. 