RIVER DISTRICT NEWS. [By Telegraph. 1 Bourke, December 5. The following district leports are to band :-At Louth late rains have greatly improved the already good pasturage, and with cool weather large mobs of store sheep are travelling. There is a notice able decline in the numbers of fat cattle reported. Tilpa is experiencing a splendid season ; a few fat stock are moving. At Cobar the weather is warm ; rabbits are increasing fast; more rain is required ; a few stock are travelling. In the district of Condobolin warm days and cool nights;. reports of great damage done by graBs seeds ; many Bheep have been temporarily blinded; large numbers of store sheep are travelling. At Njngan the late rainfall gives prospect of a good season. The weather is sultry, and there are but few stock travelling. At Coonamble the weather is warm ; the district is looking Bplendid ; business in store sheep is fairly good ; numerous mobs are travelling. At Forbes summer weather prevails; bush fires are raging all round the district; last week grasshoppers appeared, but the district is looking well yet. At Walgett the late rains were very opportune, and should secure good feed all through the summer; large numbers of store and fat sheep are travelling. At Dubbo the late heavy rains were moat beneficial, and the sun>mer prospects are secured; some damage has been done to the crops by heavy rain, but not much. There is abundance of feed at Warren ; though grass and water are in abundance still the late rains have been gladly welcomed; good numbers of cattle are about for trucking and feed. At Nymagee the country lookB magnificent and the stock are fat; rabbits are numerous. At Gunnamulla grass and water are plentiful; the late rains have had the effect of replenishing the feed on the stock routes along the Warrego very few stock are travelling. At Bourke grass and water are abundant, but travel ling Btock are few; there is apparently a great decline in the numbers of fat cattle coming forward. The weather is splendid, little real summer weather so far. Lee & McAlister report having forwarded to Sydney during November from Boorara, 158 bales ; Currawinnya, 214 do.; Tena pagee, 226 do.; Belaiie, 483 do.; Kerri bree 427 do.; Beemery, 236 do.; Taly colyea, 200 do.; Toorale, 444 do.; Narraweena, 501 do.; Dunlop, 373 do.; Comongin, 38 do.; Oorrella, 199 do.; Fort Bourke, 154 do.; Taloula, 1C9 do.; Multagoona, 30 do,; L. E. Dandy, 3 do.; Lower Lila, 28 do.; Nocoleche, 69 do.; Total, 4,241 bales. Bourke, December 6. Grand rains are reported is the Parao country ; at Ooorara 5 inches fell, Brewarrina nearly 3 inches, Hungerford 2£ inches, and Dungaroon 3 inches. Good rains also fell at ThargomindaU and Eulo districts. A rise in the Paroo is ex pected. The total revenue at the railway station for the week iB £2,020. Great indignation is expressed at the proposed reductions of Civil servants. One official receiving £390 is reduced at one stroke by £140. There will be no more pence here for Sir Henry Parke&'a tribute. 