The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; The latest reports from the agricultural districts show that a remarkable change for the worse has taken place m the crops during the last fortnight. During the greater part of November the hay and wheat promised large yields, but since then heavy rain* have laid the wheat crops and spoiled large quantities of hay. Worse still, rust has appeared in the South, an occurrence wnicn bespeaks loss amongst the late sown cereals. Oootaraundra, usually a reliable district, will not produce more than 10 bushels of wheat per acre this season. At Crookwell three inches of rain fell in a few days. The vines, however, are healthy, and promise a good vintage at the end of January or later. Orchards are likely to bear heavy crops. In some of the Northern districts the potatoes are still under the surface. The Southern Coast is in a better condition than it has been for years, but dairy produce of all kinds is bo very low-priced that the farmers, lacking an extensive export trade, are not benefiting by the good season. The pastoral districts are in all respects save one — the presence of rabbits — almost faoltless ; never was there a better season. Shearing is still progressing in the North and in the tablelands. Extensive preparations are being made for the Grand Centennial Intercolonial Exhibi tion, which will be held here by the Agricultural Society of New South Wales at the close of next month. The exhibi tion is aided to the extent of £7000 by the State. The schedule of prizes, which has just been issued, shows that prizes to the amount of about £4500 are offered. BARMEDMAN, Decbmber 5. The rain appears to come every five or six days, and without consulting the rain-gauge, I may safely say that there must have been fully 2in. of rain within the past week. There is no more fear of bush-fires, for the grass and crops are ' green as a leek.' It is not expected that the yield of wheat per acre will be equal to that of last year, for the continuous wet weather in the ploughing season pro duced late Bowing, which is generally an evil here. The E resent cool weather in what used to be reaping time will, owever, produce a good head, and some of the late-sown crops look beyond expectation. BOMBALA, Decemhbb5. The late rains have not apparently done any damage to the crops, which are in a state of 'most luxuriant growth. There is no sign of any blight, and the farmers look for ward to a great return in cereals. As for hay, it will be bo plentiful as hardly to pay if grown for sale. The grass ia rank and strong. I know of one or two paddocks that have been cut for grass hay, and will yield a second mowing as. rich as, if not richer, than the first. Of course, the dairies are doing more than well, though if it were not that the milk, butter, &c;, were produced in such quantities, it certainly would not pay to take them to market. Butter, which was sold last year for 2s. 9d. per lb., is now sold for as little as 6d. and 9d. Shearing is in full swing. COOTAMUNDRA, December 8. The weather during the last week has been very change able. We have had a large fall of rain, which has been very pleasant to pastoralists, but to those that de pend solely on the crops — and they are the majority in our district — it Has been anything out pleasant, for the rain was bo heavy that it beat down the crops in many instances; but still there are hopes that they will rise again. The crops in this district are not as a rule as heavy as last year's, but the grain promises to be good on many farms. Rust has shown, itself on some farms, but not to any serious extent at present Many of our farmers are now busy with the hay crop, which promises to be extra good. The weather has now cleared up for fine, and it is much to be hoped that it will continue so for some little time to come, in order to let them gather it in without being soiled with the rain, as it was last year. The general opinion of the farmers is that the wheat crops will not go more than 10 bushels to the acre, which is considerably less than last year's yield. COROWA, December 6. The rainfall along the Murray Valley this year waB more than usually superabundant and regular, promoting a growth of grass such as had not been seen for many years. Although most of those owning pastoral ground increased their usual number of stock largely, the grass now remains longer and heavier than is advisable at the approach of the summer. Fires are feared and incalculable devastation will be wrought once they get a start The prospects of the wheat harvest are good, though said to be slightly less in quantity than last year. Heavy rain just as the heads were ripening brought on rust right through the district ; bat it was just too late to do material damage to the crops or to affect the yield to any extent. DENIL1QUIN, December 3. The weather was very hot last week, and rain set in on Tuesday night, when 47 points fell. During the next three days rain also fell, and the total for the week is 117 points. During the month of November over three inches and a quarter fell. With the exception of the years 1871 and 1876 no such, registration has been made during November in Doniliquin since the records were started — over 28 years ago. The total to date from the beginning of the year is 20-50in., as compared with 13*90iu. in 1880, 16'74in. in 1885, and 10-90in. in 1884. The stock movements through Denlliquin are decreasing in numbers, the principal one since last report being 12,000 sheep from Winbar to French Island. There is an immense quantity of grass in the dis trict, and it is feared that there will be some disastrous bush fires this season. The shearing is over, and nearly 21,000 bales have been forwarded from liere this season by rail. The river at Deniliquin shows a depth of 26tt. on the gauge, and falling. Since last writing it rose to within a foot of die maximum flood of August last — viz., 3ft. 10in,. and it is now thought that the snow water is down, and that there will be no further rise of importance this year. FORBES, December 3. Since my last we have had a great change in the weather, over 2in. of rain having fallen, and at Gunningbland station 3}in. had fallen up to noon yesterday ; 2in. were also reported from Eugowra up to yesterday morning. This fall of rain, although it has done eome harm to farmers who have their crops down, will be beneficial in many ways, for it will knock off a good deal of the grass seed, put out the bush fires that have been raging everywhere for the last month, and bring up a fresh spring of young grasB, especially where the late fires have passed over. The following lots of stock have crossed the commons here during the week : — 9000 ewes and 400 rams, on November 27, from Bundore to Queensland, 3\. and W. Christian owners, W. Christian in charge ; 500 sheep, on the same date, from Forbes to Parkes, Mr. Robin son owner, George Wilkinson in charge ; 408 head of fat cattle, on November 30, from Murrawombi to Albury, T. J. Richards owner, W. Clements in charge : 500 head of store bullocks, on same date, from Liverpool, Quirindi, to Albury, John Graham owner, in charge ; 10,500 2-tooth ewes, on December 1, from Bundore and North Yanko, in cluding 4000 to join at the bridge from Willandra, en route, for Queensland, Christian and Harrington owners, O. A. Crisp in charge; 862 bullocks, on the same date, from Macarthur station, Queensland, to Wodonga, Amos Brothers and Broad owners, J. M'Lachlan in charge. GLEN INNES, December 5. On Thursday and Friday last rain fell all over the dis trict. It has freshened the grass and crops woiiderfullv, and an improvement in the growth of both is alreadv plainly discernible. Hay-making has already commenced with some of the earliest crops. Should the weather keep fair, with die exception of slight rain, there will be a good harvest this year. The maize crops, although sown late, owing to the dry spring are now looking fairly well, and the present weather is all that could be desired for their growth. Owing to the late wet, the roads are boggy, but at this season of the year a week's sun will soon make them hard again. Shearing is still going on in this district, but has been much retarded of late by the wet weather. Grass is plentiful everywhere in the district, and the condition of stock is good. During the past week the following stock lave passed : — Sixty rams, from Canning Downs to Deep water station ; 60 rams, from Canning Downs to Balala, ' near Uralla; 2000 ewe hoggets, from Welltown for Paradise Ceeek. GRAFTON, December 3. Splendid rains have fallen at intervals during this week, and the ground has now had a thorough soaking, leaving it in splendid condition alike for early maize and for the recent planted crop. All ground which has not received its seed will be planted forthwith ; and as we are now past the driest period of our season, the late crops should bo very good. Grapevines promise an immense crop, the hea , iest that has been seen for many years, and the late rains will cause them to swell in size. The Isabella variety has per haps the heaviest crop of any, and as one of the varieties which enjoys perfect immunity from all blights and a vigorous grower, almost every person has it growing. Much of the potato crop is yet left to dig, and the late rains will be nothing in its favour. Some very good samples have been harvested, and the crop taken throughout will be a fairly good one. MDDGEE, December 3. The weather during the week has been a succession of showers, some of them very heavy. Last evening a heavy wind passed over from the south-west, which, in conjunc tion with the long rain, must lay a good deal of the wheat crop. In many parts this is rather heavy, and the wind storm would act injuriously on it. It is still showery, and it is feared that should it settle down to a flood the corn lands along the river will suffer. As it is, there is a quantity of hay destroyed, having been cut just before the rain com menced. Some of the farmers will be gathering their harvest in about a fortnight. PARKES, December 6. Splendid rains fell in the early part of the week, a little more than 2& inches being recorded. A small quantity of hay has been damaged, but it will do immense good to the wheat crop by filling out the grain, and it will also cause the grass seed to drop. Since 'the rain, anxiety about fires has become less, as it will cause a fresh green shoot through the grass. TENTERFIELD, December 5. As a result of the four inches of rain which fell during the past eight days, the wheat crops in the district are looking extremely well, and are entirely free t'roin the rust and caterpillar pests which proved so disastrous last year. The only thing now wanting is a dry harvesting, and the yield will bo found to be unusually good. WISEMAN'S FERRY, December 5. On Friday night last we experienced a regular gale, with heavy rain, such as there has not been experienced in this locality for some years past. Fortunately it only lasted about 20 minutes, when its fury was spent, and, the rain ceased. The gale in some places fairlv levelled the stand ing crops, just as if an iron roller Lad gone over them. The day following proved a very pleasant one, only two 6ligkt showers falling during the day. 