MR JAS. LYON ON SAWMTLLERS' GRIEVANCES. The Vegetable Products Commission •at on Tuesday, in the board-room of the lands office. The taking of evidence on the subject of forest conversation was resumed. Mr James Lyon, sawmill -owner in the Bullarook Forest, said sawmill owners were very badly treated by the Lands Department and politicians. He had experienced the greatest jobbery - in connection with the forests. It was humiliating to be a millowner tinder the present regulations, and agitating and merve-destroying to strive to keep what was originally intended for the millowner* to operate spos after they bad been at the cost of erecting machinery. It was absurd to allow a millowner to hold only other acres whereon to erect his mill and three building*, anditwaaiuanifestiy wrong to allow splitters and others to cut the timber which he had intended should feed his miŁ Under such a system of allowing the millowner to have no property in the timber until it was eut and branded, there was no inducement for millowners toconservetheforests. It was not uncommon for 50 or 100 men to be given licenses to cat timber for a railway contractor close up the mill of a sawyer, who had spent a large sum on his plant. He had machinery which cost £18,000 lying idle owing to the wholesale manner in which timber had been removed, not by millers, but by others. It used to be the rule that no two mills should be planted within two miles ofeachnther, but this rule has been broken through, and on the opening of the Daylesford railway Mr Richardson gave to another the virgin portion of the forest which he (Mr Lyon} asa pioneer was entitled to. The right was also given t» cany a tramway right past his mill. The existing vexatious regulations, which had done much to encourage the waste of timber wen mads while Mr Clement Hodgldnson was at the head of the forestrydepartment, yet that gentleman complained on every opportunity of the ruthless destruction of timber. He (the witness) calculated that timber of the value of about £10,000,000 had been removed from the forests of the colony, in consideration of which only a few hundreds of pounds had been returned to the Treasury. Hie remedy for what had been done would be to. recultivate the forests, and meanwhile to grant grazing rights on lease, on condition that the ground was kept free from vermin, and that precautions were taken against bush-fires. A very necessary improvement, too, considering how watercourses which were used for domestic puposes were fed from the hill-side forests, would be to clear the ground of decaying vegetable matter, which was very offensive both to sight and smelL He had known sioknefis —in one case resulting in death— to occur from drinking water which was contaminated in this way. As the forests acted as reservoirs by holding the water and providing shelter against evaporation, it was very necessary that the hills should be kept clothed with timber within one and a half miles of their summit and half a mile in width. So much of the ranges' should be permanently reserved, and the accumulated rubbish removed,—Argus. ? ? 