GERMANTON- (FBOM OUB OWN COBEBSPONDENT.) During the past week we hare been visited with a most welcome downpour of rain, registering over two inches, which appears from reports to have been general in its character, and will do an immense amount of good. Already the country wears a green aspect, the grass having everywhere made good progress, and the prospects of stockowners respecting feed for the winter appear to be exceedingly promising. As a consequence of the rain and the excellent headway made by the grass, store sheep are in great demand, and many saleB have been made of wethers for fattening purposes. The rain has also benefitted the farmers and caused several of them in the district to start the plough, the ground being in first-class order for that operation; and the ground is always benefited by being exposed to tbe sun's fertilising rays for some time before being sown. Owing to the green bottom now to be seen everywhere, all danger has disappeared of bushfireB for another year, and a pleasant feeling of security from that scourge is consequently adopted with gratitude. Our Literary and Debating Society had an unusually interesting meeting on Tuesday evening, when the subject for debate was "Free Trade versus Protection." There was also a good audience, including a fair proportion of ladies. The chair was occupied by Mr. Alex. BOBS, one of the vice-presidents, and the members present were—Rev. J. Walker, Rev. W. Scott Whittier, Messrs. Irwin Smith, E. Rowe, D. Byrne, P. Riches, J. Reid, J. Ross. J. Bruce, Jos. Lawson, J. H. Godfrey, D. Haynes, H. Criciiton, J. Crichton, junr., J. W. Bruce, James Forsyth, Robt. Ross, Geo. Raynor, D. Potter, and the secretary (J. Forsyth, junr.). The subject was opened by tbe Rev. J. Walker on tbe side of free tradp, who proved himself a staunch adherent of that fiscal policy, which he urged in eloquent language as being the most desirable for the colony to adopt, ensuring prosperity far beyond what could be found under protection. He instanced Great Britain, where trade had increased in vast proportions since the adoption of free trade; and Buch a result would undoubtedly follow the same policy in whatever country it was adopted. Mr. J. Ross opened on the side of protection, describing free trade to be attractive in theory, but actual experience had proved it to be unsuitable in practice for any new country. Although freetraders held up that policy as perfection, no country in the world had adopted it, and tbe nearest WAS Great Britain, which only did so after her manufactories were established. Circumstances forced countries to adopt protection in order to retain their own markets, and these same circumstances would ere long produce the same effect in New South Wales. The speakers who followed on the side of free trade were Messrs. J. Smith, J. H. Godfrey, P. Riches, and D. Byrne, and on the side of protection Messrs. J. Reid. E. Rowe, and A. Ros«. The speakers generally were well acquainted with the subject, and exhibited an ability in tbe principles of debate'which proves that the Debating Society is developing the latent talents of its members, and improving their powers of thought and expression. The Rev. W. Scott Whittier argued that what might suit one country would not suit another, and thought that each. country would adopt the policy that in its experience it found most beneficial to its requirements. The question on being put to the vote was decided on the side of protection by a large majority, and it was decided to have readings and recitations on the occasion of next meeting, which will be held on Tuesday, March 8. Messrs. A. Ross, J. H. S. Godfrey, and the secretary was appointed a sub-committee to arrange a programme of subjects. 