NEWS OF THE DAY The usual monthly sitting cf the Perth Local Court will be held to-morrow morn ing. The cause-list is an unusually small one, only about eighteen plaints having been entered Plans hare been prepared, to the orders of Messrs. Munime & Co., of a five-storied building, which it is the intention of the fins to erect upon the site of their present Brewery. The overland mail-van left Albany at 7.40 p. in. yesterday, passing Mt. Barker at 2.40 this morning. It tnay therefore be expect ed to arrive in Perth at about daylight on Friday nest At Subiaeo yesterday Cardinal Moran was entertained at luncheon, at which a number of the leading residents of the City and Port were present. Bishop Gib ney presided throughout the proceedings. The new balcony in front of the Perth Clnb has been finished. The structure adds considerably to the attractive appearance of the building, while it must necessarily increase the comfort of the me jibers. Yesterday a bush-fire broke out on Mt. Eliza, just between the residence of Mr. J. Sowden and the Barracks. The conflagra tion obtained considerable headway and consumed a quantity of Mr. Sowden's cut firewood before it was attacked. Just ;hen p.c. Lee appeared upon the scene, and after three or four honrs* assiduous labour, he single-handed managed to subdue the flames. Although Lee has been only four months on the police force, this is the third fire he has extinguished since he became a police constable. His Eminence Cardinal Moran, accom panied by his Private Secretary, Bishop Salvado, Bishop Gibney, Dr. Reynolds and Hie Excellency's orderly, proceeded in the s.e. Rescue this morning at 11.15 on a visit to Governor Broonie at his marine resi dence, Bottnest. His Eminence returns this evening, and to-morrow will proceed to York and Beveriey, thence to New Norcia, where ho proposes to remain for a few days. It is not yet decided whether His Eminent-*; will visit Geraldton. It is however his in tention to remain at Subiaeo for a short period prior to leaving the colony. The following cases were dealt with at the City Police Court this morning: — Upon a charge of drunkenness, Mary Marshall was discharged with a caution. For vag. rancy Thomas Breunau and Mary Lynch (alias ' Black Poll '*) were sentenced to three months' imprisonment. James Cassidy, charged with having stolen a suit of clothes from the Bon Marche yesterday morning, denied any knowledge of the affair. However, the couidiission of the offence (the details of which were fully re ported in yesterday's issue of the Daily Hews) was clearly sheeted beme to the pri soner, who was sentenced to six months' hard labour. We understand that the man Hornig, who it is alleged lately murdered his mate, Johnston, on the Kimberley goldfields, will I»e tried at Koebourne. Either Mr. Justice Stone or a specially commissioned barrister will be sent up by the Government for the purpose. The reason for the adoption of the proposed course is a most commendable one, viz. : — that it will cost less to send one person from Perth to Roebourne than to br'ng witnesses, prisoner, and con stables from Koebourne to Geraldton. And, considering the present financial condition of the Colony, we feel assured that this action of the Government will meet with the cordial approval of the whole com munity. It is generally settled that Sir George Strahan is to succeed Sir George Biwen as Governor of Hong Kong. The post is worth -£-5,000 a year, and is tenable for five years. Sir George retires this month. Physicians in attendance on Prince Wil liam of Prussia are afraid that the malady fjom which he suffers may affect his brain. The late King of Prussia's mental collapse commenced in almost precisely the same way. 'T have teen requested to draw the ai nticn of our readers to the announce ment which appears in another column notifying that the Australian Mutual Provident Society has removed from Hay ftreet to its commodious premises in St. : George's Terrace. We have been informed upon the best authority that shares in the Lady Brooine gold-mine are being rapidly taken up. As the share-list will be closed at noon on Tuesday next, intending investors had better lose no time in sending in their ap plication. Hayes's Australian Circus Company per formed to a fairly good audience last even ing. The feat Mr. Hayes performed, of dancing a 'sailor's hornpipe' on the back of a f ulUpring horse, was greatly admired and lively cheered. There will be an entire change of programme this evening. Mr. L. W.Clifton, J.P., Mary Wood, charged with stealing a lady's jacket, the property of Mr. A. Douglas, was, by the request of Sergt. Peacocke, remanded for eight days. ' Edward Inwood and John Cariis, charged with being drunk, were discharged with a caution. From Geraldton we learn that a serious boat accident occurred to Mr. Hart, of that town, a few drys ago, owing to which he narrowly escaped losing his life. We are glad to learn, however, that the gentle man referred to has recovered from the effects of the severe shock which his system must necessarily have sustained. Truth is informed that there is 'A pro ject of marriage' between the Duke of Augusteuburg and the Princess Louise of Wales. The Duke, who is the nephew of Prince Christian, and the brother of Prince William of Prussia, was bom in 18C3. Ue possesses large estates in Silesia, and re ceives .£15,000 a year from the German Government to compensate him for the loss of his father's dominions. A telegram received, from Cossack this morning states that advices had been recei ved from Derby by the steamer Perth to the effect that the election of Mr. Alex. Forrest|to represent the Kiniberjey district in the Legislative Council was certain — mere oemg no opposition wuaiever to nib candidature. Probably no latter selection could have been made; while the advo cates for Refortn are to be heartily con gratulated upon such a valuable acces sion to their ranks. The election is fixed for Taesday next. With reference to the statement lately made by a gentleman having recently seen a meteorite fall not far from him, while riding along the Wanneroo road, we quote the following paragraph from one of our intercolonial exchanges: — 'The instances in which aerolites have been picked up by persons who have seen them fall, are so rare that each occurrence of the kind deserves to be recorded. A farmer in the principality of Lippe, in Germany, walking on the edge of a. wood, heard repeated, re ports like the discbarge of a gun, followed shortly after by an indistinct rambling sound, as of thunder. At the same time a meteorite came crashing through the leaves of a tree. When picked up it was found to be a monolith of about the size of a walnut, weighing 17*3 gtamm.es, and having a finpfifir* -rra.vif.v of 2L'4QZi ffc le tv\vt*r*wl over with a. black crust, chipped off iu places apparently by the fall. Under this crust it is of a light grey colour and gran itic substance, dotted in places with small yellow crystals, which are supposed to be troilite or scbreibersite. It now rests is. the Detmold Museum.' From a Launceston contemporary, of December 25, we clip the following: — 'A very serious accident happened in the cor poration baths yesterday afternoon. A young man named Elliott, aged between 17 and 18, and son of Dr. Elliott, a well known and respected resident of Evandale, was bathing in the baths, and when diving off a springboard in. shallow water he is supposed to have struck bis bead on the bottom, the concussion causing a very severe injury to the spine. He was taken out of the water unconscious and placed in the house of the caretaker, Mr. Peters. Drs. Stewart, Pike, and Maddox were immediately sent for, and on aTriral found him to be suffering from a severe spinal fracture. He is still at Mr. Peters' house, ind upon inquiry late last night we found rather doubtfuL' The many friends here of Dr. and Mis. Elliott, who resided for many years at Geraldton, and. afterwards at Guildford, wilL we have no doubt, deep ly sympathise with them, in their troubles. The Melbourne Leader of the 1st inst. contains the following remarks with refer ence to the appointment of Mr. Warton as Attorney General of this Colony: — 'Ad- vices from Western Australia inform us that Mr. Warton, the ne«tr Attorney Gener al appointed by Lord Salisbury's Govern ment,- met with a chilling reception on his recent arrival in that Colony. Nor is such a result to be wondered at when the political history of the man and the cir cumstances attending his selection for his new position are taken into account. He was a notorious member of the 'fourth party' in the House of Commons, which, in previous Parliaments consisted of Lord Bandolph Churchill, Sir E. Gorst, Sir Henry Taylor, Sir H- Drummond Woolf and Mr. Warton. These hon. members formed a Tory 'cave,' the late Chancellor of the Exchequer being the leader. Lord Randolph Churchill ultimately acquired such towering influence ia Parliament and in the country as a flashing Parliamentary skirmisher and founder of the Democratic Toryism that he became an indespensible factor to be reckoned with, in the construc tion of a Conservative Government. His inclusion in Lord Salisbury's last as well as his present Government consequently became a party necessity. By his influence Sir E. Gorst was- appointed Imperial Solicitor-General, and after Mr. Warton's rejection by his constituency at the last general election Lord Bandolph regarded the services rendered by the latter to the *? fourth party' as giving him a claim to a Government appointment. Mr. Warton devoted himself, while in the House of Commons, to the mean function of blocking, without distinction, all bills This he accomplished by the simple ex pedient, not unknown in the Victorian Parliament, of talking against time, for the purpose of delaying Liberal legislation and thus embarrassing the party to which he was opposed. His name is not associated with a single bill of a beneficial character, and his public reputation rests only on. his persistence as the champion blocker of bills initiated by the Liberals. That a party hack of this sort should be delibera tely chosen by the Conservative Govern ment as the chief law adviser to the Crown ia Western Australia shows, more clearly than all the glowing periods of Mr. Stanhope about Imperial federation, the hollowness of Tory zeal for colonial advancement. Sir Robert Hamilton, the late Under-Secretary for Ireland, although superior to Mr. War ton as a man, rendered himself obnoxious to the present Government by his Home Rule tendencies, and he was immediately got rid of by being appointed as Governor of Tasmania, numbers of efficient men specially fitted for the post by a long train / ing in the colonial service being passed over to make room for him. Similarly, Western Australia is treated, iu the ease of Mr. Warton, as a receptacle for needy depen dents, for whom party bounty cannot con veniently make provision in the old country. While such abusee are directly sanctioned by the home authorities the conviction is thrust upon ue that they think any party refuse is good enough for the performance of official duty in Australia.' 