THE VEGETABLE PRODUCTS COMMISSION. The Vegetable Prod nets Commission sat, on Tuesday at the boardroom of the Lands { Office Present—Messrs. T. K. Dow (in the : chair.-, C. Yeo, J. Kuight, and J. J. Shilling law (secretary). The taking of evidence respecting the con servation ot the forests of the colony was resumed. Mr. Wheeler, M.L A., referred to the great value of the forests of the colony. The best portions grew at least 20 trees to the acre that were worth £6 each. No valuable forest lands ought to be alienated, for apart from their importance in keeping up the supply of timber, some oi the forest country might be found to be gold-bearing in tbe future/ If the forests were closed after the large timber bad been cut by tbe Eawmilier. tbe trees would be naturally reproduced by the growth of saplings. He would i recommend tbe planting of bluegum in re serves along the railway lines. This tree j grew very fast, and would be ready for cutting i in 10 years. The inferior Baplings ehould be thinned out from time to time, leaving the | best trees to grow. The cutting of props j under special licenses, and under thifc puper- j vision of the Government, would help to! check the waste of young timber, and enough j props would be obtained in the-process of j judicious thinning. Another source of the destruction oi young timber was the cutting of new tracks to get the large timber out of | the bush, therefore the use of' tramways ought to be encouraged. Bush fires also laid large areas waste. The mischief done by fire might be checked if those who felled trees had to burn the refuse, and if foresters burned the ferns say every two yeara It was the thick, rank under-growth that gave ] the fire the mastery; but if " burning i off" was enforced between September and j October bush-fires would not be 6o frequent. A great deal of valuable timber was cut to waste by tbe hewing of sleepers, instead of obtaining them from tbe saw-mills. .For every (id. the Railway department saved by getting hewn sleepers the country lost £1 worth of timber that ought to be sent into the market, but which was so spoiled as to be only fit for firewood. While forests which were closed to. the sawmillers were being reclothed with timber, he would allow7 die splitter and the firewood cutter to operate in them as they would help to thin out young trees that were not wanted, and to keep the ground clear of i undergrowth. The system of branding timber to mark on behalf of the Government those which were to be felled, would not, in his opinion, work well, as it was very diffi cult to get men who could tell good trees from bad ones. The best experts were the " fallers" who were continually at the work. The present forest laws were defective in that they did not give sawmill owners any interest in preserving the forests. The license to cut was issued from year to year, and the sawmill owner had no exclusive right to the timber of any area, which splitters and others were allowed to take away, after the sawmill machinery bad been erected, with a view to utilising it to the best advantage If a mill owner was given a right to use the timber of a particular area he would be careful not to waste it, and by the process of reproduction the forest might be as good in 20 years' time as it was now. It was al60 necessary that the saw millers should have a leasehold over a larger area, than two acres, which was all that was allowed them for a site for their machinery and buildings. The sawdust alone would sometimes cover an acre, and the miller had no place whereon he could graze a spare or cart horse, or a head or two of cattle or sneep. The Chairman thanked Mr. Wheeler for his valuable evidence, and the commission then adjourned. 