A JOURNEY DUE NORTH. Br Biti'.vr. FROM TFNTEIIFJKLD, N.S.W., TO II EX DON, Q. The site of Tenterfield, on the northern border of New South Wales, bears a strong resemblance to that of Albury on the southern border, but the northern town is not so closely surrounded by hills as the Federal City. The granite hilis one sees on every hand are crowned with great masses of rock, and their frequent presence on the lower lands gives one a very poor opinion of the fertility of tiie soil in the locality. The town is of considerable age for an inland ] Australian settlement, but is of small ex tent ; the buildings are of moderate size and J mostly built of wood. Through the centre j of the place winds the Tenterfield Creek, called lower down the Dumaresq Iliver, its 6ides clothed with remarkably fine I weeping willows. The little town is one of die most unpretending 1 have met with, and ' at first one is incliued to wonder why it exists. A closer examination, however, shows that the soil in the hollows at-tbe foot of (he hills and along the numerous water courses is of fair quality, is easily worked at any time of the year, aud under good treat ment yields good crops. Though the locality is about 3,000ft. above the sea and the cli mate a cool one, I found that maize is gene rally grown by the iarmers, and very fair crops are gathered. In a drive of a few miles into the country I saw a large area of land under maize, most of which was not then gathered. One thing surprised tne greatly in this drive, and that was the thickness of the pasture. Everywhere, even oil the hill-sides, the Boil was clothed with a denser pasture than I saw on (be rich black soil of the DarlingDowns, and over much of the country the land is a poor-looking decomposed granite. The abundance of pasture is evi dently owing to a plentiful rainfall, and to the absence of the withering hot winds in summer time. In the fields I saw many cattle, all of which were in good con dition, and many were fit for the butcher. They showed more breeding than one sees in the general run of cattle on Victorian farms. Very few farmers appear to keep sheep, though longwools should do well in this climate. Turnips give a good crop, to judge by those I saw in the fields. This district is rapidly becoming famous lor iruit growing. On many of the small farms near Tenterfield there are fair-sized orchards, i to all of which considerable additions have lately been made. Apples, pears, and cherries grow well: the last-named fruit is said to be finer here thau in any other place in Australia. Excellent peaches are grown, but the trees have of late become liable to nttacks ot blight The smaller frnits, such as goose berries, currants, and raspberries, are not much grown, though the soil and climate appear to be well adapted to them. One of the largest orchards around Tenter field is that of Mr. J. J. Brown, who has over twenty acres planted with fruit trees, and is increasing the area of bis orchard every year. The market for fruit is a good one, there being an ever-increasing demand for it in Queensland, and in the warm districts to the north-west Most of the farm steadings are substantially built, and, to judge by .their .appearance, one would infer that agriculture paid fairly well in this neighbourhood.. I noticed that the most prominent building on. every steading is a large and well-built barn, such as ope seldom or never sees in Victoria. ' When the railway is carried on to the Queensland border there will be a large quantity of produce sent out from this dis trict, but the junction of the lines at. Wai langarra will be a great inconvenience to Tenterfield farmers, as it will necessitate un; loading and loading again after a short journey of 12 miles. The residents of Tenter- - field and the surrounding district, maintain that the changing station should-beiri. their town, and I think with considerable'justice, as there will always be a large quantity of produce sent northward fromTenierfield, white the conntry round the Queensland border town is of the very , poorest descrip tion. The rates charged for carriage on the New South Wales .line are too high, since , goods can- be -brought by sea' to Grafton, and transported by carriers over 130 miles of a rougli mountain road, and de iivered at 80a per ton Jess than by train; from Newcastle, , All the. business at the leading hotel In Tenterfield seems tobedone at night. The goods train from tbe south arrives soon after 7o'clock, and thepossenger cbach from the north reaches town about1L The express train from Newcastle -arrives about 1 in the morning; the passengers for. the south are roused at 4 am, hudthdse for the north at half-past 5 a.m. Aa -the houBe ; is of. wood and ..the partitions betwaenthe sleepipg-rooms of the; llimsiest description, sleep is out of,the question. y At half-p&Btii; o'clock I woe roused from S; fitful slumber • by the bveriwatchful boots!' and soon alter left Tenterfield Oh the'-box eeat of the.coach thoteonvfiy# pat senfeera to the terminus pf the QueanBland Jrallyrm' Jii There, iww 'a tord ; the; bbte&j; -taafl sbawjteyh'Ipl *'"l backs ui), waiting tin »i would rise and melt the frozen ,i«L i ®«n grass, The country we passed thnm!!L the 4e moat miserable descriS.^^? «t eista of decomnnaprl ™i.JTj/he.*oUcon. crop out frequently. The line rn?iltc roc,c« r?®d*l o»d, at the time I passed i? thft completed to within a few hunflfrrir5.*** \Vallangarra, a newly-formed vilto^ rA ot Queensland terminus. Here we had t * tally three-quarters of an ho„r » *2 Wa* grumbling of the indignant pmBp»™ Ule loud nnd long at having to ri™ «i * lH'as ear y hour to loiter so long at thf8^; Jich, ?i looking spot There is no work,?? ^raVle nnrftinrA nn ^hiu Itn* ... ?v* 9* EUv inv a great convenience if it were drtiLW? jolting oyer that twelve miles of had'i^t,le say nothing of the exposure to the coldn. 10 , ing air is a great discomfort \Vall»n«^orll situated m a barren piece of countrv" f^a " poor place to look at, and such it ^n if. a be. for there ere no resources n^nii e.ler pastoral, in the district to sup'rart» 0r Leaving Wahangarra tlie lKaVuTr!!^! a hilly country covered with a nnS *'' which bull oak and pines were plentifuL^h'," soil is a poor decomposed granito T.«=i? ,be agriculture, and of gut lit ibere were no sheep or cattle to be eeeuhfi'lf' country we passed through, and at »h» ^ waj-stations acarcelya house would Im save the railway building The same6?' acription of country lasted till .L e A" Stanthorpe a moderate-sized countr^tr the centre of a tin-miiiing district a i™1 time there was a deal of work iW„'• "e mining in this district, but it is at nrS.tm carried on principally by the Chinese antTr was to d only a few claims arc beZ^SL1 1 here have been some recent disreverire r^ bota gold and silver bearing lodes oistrict, which are said to be vervnmii- • 3 We had now reached the counfr^K?'!'! the houses arc all built on short' »iL to an inverted tin dish on the head ofeadi V t to prevent the white ants getting acres, 7 the houses. Beyond Stanthorpe for aW "f! miles the country is a series of rocky hilX which there are large patches of pine Sub The soil is everywhere the cold decomn^i granite, with a thin strip of bet®? S bordering the banks of the wntcrcoiir-™ Ihe country about Silverwood berin^toim prove. '1 he line here runs through limekC nnil't °!) "AA l',e Pasture is of a better quality than in thegranite country. GraduaMv the prospect widened out, the soil became letter, farm steadings were met with and cultivated fields were numerous. We stopped for a few minutes at East Warwick and i,»a arrived un the edge of the famous iSSi Downs country. Jruu° The train circles round the town of Wir. to reach the Warwick station. The Ihver Condamine is crossed by a high iii^n L -V ^' fara,X).Ve tbe ^ of the rirer.' ° is. a portion of the approaches was covered by thegreat flood of laaKur? Y\ arwick is very pleasantly situated on the west bank of the riven It is weinaWou and being on a loamy bank, is a clean town \vejTem^eatKe » streets are broad and well made, but scarcely anything has been done in the way of tree- planting. In the business portion of tbe town are many good sized shops, and the banking establish ments are tmmerons arid substantially built. The villas surrounding the town have a pleasant appearance. The different religions denominations are well represented, but the moat imposing building I saw in the town is tlie new Masonic-ball, now approaching completion. It is a handsome structure, built of a very line white Btone. In the centre of the town is a laree square planted with ornamental trees, and there is a good Si? park near the East Warwick station, lhe stone used in all the new buildings is a very fine freestone, the best looking building atone I met with on my trip. The show ground is almost in the town, and at the annual exhibition very high- class stock of Ml kinds are shown here. I was told that » arwick is a very healthy town, hut I Should have guessed that from the number and fine appearance of tbe children that thronged the streets on their way home from school when I took a short drive through the town. Beyond Warwick we passed through a gently undulating country in which tbe grass was every where -most abundant The soil in the extensive flats we crossed was a strong «iiu • a"uv'a'» evidently of great depth, ihe low banks were composed of sandy loam with a sandstone rock showing in the cuttings. One flat we crossed was of great extent; it was about four miles across ana stretched oat on either hand for many miles, lhe soil on this flat is of marvellous fertility and great depth. The grass every where wns of great length ana thickness, such as I have not seen for veiy many years. Beyondtbis greatflat we passed through open forest, in wnich the grass was every where most abundant. Lookingacross the splendid pastoral land, it was impossible to realise that it ever suffered from drought, ihe peculiarity in the pastures was that though it was winter the grass and herbage wereasdryas theyarein Victoria at the end of December, and in the wide prospect disclosed there were to be seen tbe smoke of numerous bush-fires. The train stopped at the little station of Hendon, where 1 was met by Mr. Charles Clark, of East Talgai, and my long northward journey of over a thousand miles was at ah pad. 