I," ['UO Le?,i) DAILY TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1&87\. al AT the meeting of the HobartMarino ri Board on Friday last, the Master Warden, W Mr. F. H. Wise, created a sensation by ti declining to follow the usual ciistom' of f vacating his position at the end of the £ twelve months, on the ground that hle was warranted in retaininf, hie seat hv thlI, r wording'of tho-eMiarine Bohrd i-irenthesnct e Act, 1885. Naturally this 'action evoked fi opposition from those to whomn ouch a 0 a reading of the law was a novelty, but when the opinion of the board's solicitors was produced, fortified by that of the Attorney-General, on dorsing the action of the Master Warden, the members had no resource but to t submit gracefully, even if not cheerfully, and Mr. F. H. Wise remains Master Warden of the Hobart Marino Board . until his seat as a warden becomes vacant at the close of the current year. Whether the departure from ordinary custom, sanctioned by 30 years of un broken usage, and the manner in which Mr. Wise has used his knowledge of the legal interpretation of the act to retain the master wardonship are to be com mended, or are calculated to promote thie harmony and efliciency of the Hobart ' Marino Board, is a question our readers can decide for themselves. Mr. Wise, however, misled the board when he said: C -" It had been tihe custom of the old board to elect a master warden annually, but the noew act, framed last P.arliament, did not inake any provision for tile election yearly of a master warden. The Parliament had framed the act and left it to the board to execute." The fact is that the phraseology of both the old and now acts relating to election of Master Warden has boon identical, and the law was the same in 1857 as it is in 1887. In the Miarine Board Act of 1857, 21 Vie. No. 16, the third section provided that the Wardens should as soon as practicable after the establishment of the Board, elect one of their number as master warden, "and from time to time, as any vacancy occours in the ollico of master warden the ward'ons shall, as soon as may be 'after 'their number is complete, in like manner elect a master warden to supply such vacancy." The words italicised are the keynote of the position taken up by Mr. Wise, and unquestionably the law only provides for the election of a master warden when the position becomes vacant by resigna tion, death, or the holder's tenure of office as a member of the board expiring by emiluxion of time. Both -tile Hobart and Launceston Boards, however, commenced by regard ing the election of Master Warden as an annual affair, and no attempt has hitherto 1 been made to upset this practice and 1 carry out the strict interpretation of the n act. The section above quoted was re pealed by the Amending Act of 1874, 38 Vie., No. 4, but the phraseology is copied alimost verbatim into section 10, the first line alone,bcing altered. This section e was in its turn repealed by the Amending Act of 1885, 49 Vie., No. 11, section 17 e of which -provides for the election of [- Master Warden of both the Hobart Sand Launcston Boards, and is if a repetition of the wording of f' the corresponding section in the Acts of 1857 and 1874, front wliich it was copied. The law therefore was the 11 same under the latest act as under any of its predecessors, but Mr. Wise h:s been the first to put its legal interpreta tion in force. We notice that the Mecrcury states " the Lauecoston Marine Board has made the very mistake which the Hobart Board has narrowly escaped from. Unless Mr. Warden M'Kenzio's seat as a warden was vacant he remains master wardon still, although his successor has been elected, because no vacancy in the master wardenship had occurred." Our contemporary is, however, in error. Mr. M'Kenzie was perfectly aware of the in \- torprotatioln of the law, and referred to ig it in conversation with a brother warden prior to the meeting on Thursday last, stating that he had "no intention of taking advantage of it. At the meeting fe of the board he stated that lihe retired tO from the master wardenship in favour of Warden Sadler, and had no intention of contesting the seat. This is ll tantamount to a resignation of the onfice, and therefore a vacancy did exist. But even though a legal quibble in might be raised on this point the validity 0 of Mr. Sadler's election as Master Warden h, is not likely to be challenged, since this Scan only be done by another member of ' the board appealing to the Supreme Court, a course that is not likely to be 24 adopted, since two.thirds of the members . approved of Mr. Sadler's election, and so for as we are aware the members do not desire to abolish the practice of tihe last thirty years. Nor is the present master to warden likely to take advantage of the precedent sot at the capital, since he has 4 openly stated, since the matter was L prominently brought forward, his inten; tion of adhering to the usual custom and retiring at the end of a twelve months' n term of ofico. The point raised is, how. ever, one that should be fully understood, l in order that whatever course be adopted Sin the futuroe a frank and atroightfot-ward understanding may be arrived at before p hand. Tao sum of £80,000 has been voted by the Parliament of Victoria in aid of mining in that colony during the current year. The work of receiving applications for assistanco in prospecting and sinking to greater depths, etc., of enquiring into the merits of such applications, and re porting on same to the Minister of Mines, is entrusted to seven mining boards located in the principal mining centres. Each of thesse boards consists of five members, who receive an allowance of £8Q each to reimburse them for their trouble and any travelling expenses they may incur in the prosecution of their I .duties. This allowance is to be paid out of'the prospecting vote itself,and amounts ' altogether to £2800. It is estimated that Lie out of the £80,000 vote, at least £30,000 will be required to koeep the diamond drills going for thei almost orexclusive benefit of deep alluvial ground, whore they have proved a grand success. Thus about £47,000 will be available for theo reefing districts and for general prospect. I ing work. Bu1t as might be expocted the nh application, nse, t inl for, a share of this I vote-alnd hich number about: 500, or C an average of .over 70 to each board- - aru uiuningly'hi eaxces of tbo aunt avail- in oabloe. TheBlndalo Indelpetlent states ga that each local hoard hias been asked to at recommend the seut of about £40,000, which; roundly "speaking is just l?lf the d< total vote, or to put.it in 'another pa form-the .,vote in aid of mi.ping :is £80,000; the apnplications, aunoiunt to tl ovei, £280,000. As thue 'Independent t remarks the boards will have some difi oillty"in"d~ isposin'g of these applications, b for there is'somethling:to say in favour of a every one of themr. Again " the frog which opeons its mouth widest is reputed t to' catch the most flies. Similarly of t these local boards it can.bo' anuticipated tl that those who ask for the most, and the most forcibly back up their recommonda- b tions,will receive moro than those districts I whose members being loss selfish, do not 0 forgot that there are other localities entitled tnia share of whatever is going." The Indepenolent continues :--" The more we look into the matter it becomes clear 1 that the boat system has not yet been I struck on of distributing State aid to mining. The last two votes were allotted in driblets of from £50 to £400, saums a which are totally inadequate for the t developument of a mine worth calling a mine. .A gift of a few hundred pounds will never be declined by any coin- 1 pany, but it is going too far 0 altogether to assort, as it has fro- i queutly been, that a vote of this t description kept a large mine in work whoso shareholders otheloiwise would haveo closed it. We doubt if one clear proof e is forthcoming whore the profitable do velopment of a mine was directly due to the expundituro of one of those driblet r votes. The Government diamond drills have boon a splendid success on the alluvial fields, 'because their operations t were concentrated to that branch of i miuing ; whereas the grants for quartz prospecting were frittered away over such a largo aroa,in correspondingly diminished amounts, that, beyond a little temporary aid, nothing has resulted from the smoney thus squandered. Whatever other boards a decile on, .we therefors hope that the S andhuret board will, whilst vigorously applying for a good round sum, limit it to a few mines, being ailso very careful to explain, wheu forwvarding to the depart moat their list of recomrmendations, that the 'reason it is a short one is because they wish to thorougkly prospect a few spots, and not lose the moneoy altogether 'by scattering it over a great number of places. The local board should he able to induce thes department to drop in with this view. It is a general belief that by no' other plan can good be ob tained in this district from Government votes. For surface scratching by private parties, or small companies on now gold fi3lds, tho driblet system may have its d utility. But it can havo'none hero, where the search for.now reefs, or,for extensions of old' reefs, has to be carried on under the water level." d In Tasmania it is proposed to have one t general Miiining Board, so that the Mlinis tor of Lau;ds will be saved a good deal of trouble from whith his Victorian con temporary cannot escape, But some of the remarks we have quoted are very suggestive, andas they are the result of actual experience, we commend them to the attentioh of our Mines Da partment, and also to those inter s outed in mining in this colony. IT.is a matter for regret that there is to s be no meeting of the Federal Council this a- year, and that none is proposed until the \- early part. of 1888, thus creating a lapse of .d tvo years between the first and second 10 meetings. It is not alleged that there is no biusiness to bring before it, 'but pro as bably its members feel that .the partial or constitution of the Council is an obstacle as to the adoption of many useful measures lie of general application, while steps might ir beo taken iwhich might only provoke r. irritation in the colonies not at present n- represented, and so indefinitely postpone to or even frustrate the' hopes 'entertained that those colonies now standing aloof i may before long see fit to join the union. of The colonies at present unrepresented in the Federal Council are South Aiustralia, NowIo South Wales, and New Zealand. ,It is remarkable that whoen the proposal for a Federal Couincil was first mooted all the is colonies declared in favour of it. South of Australia,. in 'common' : with ' Victoria, id Queenoosland, 'Tasmania, idnl Fiji asked lo for thle Enabling Act, but never made ty us ' of the measure.' A difference of opinionl arose as to how its re Spresentatives should be selected-by of the Government, or Parliament, or the n people, ald thie result was that no' further he step was taken, though it was not dis uro puted that it would be advantageous Sfor South Australia ' to have oS a voico in the Council. However, .st there will shortly beoa general election er n that colany, and it is said that Minis he ters intendl to take that opportunity to as ascertain the feelings of the constituents au on the question, and then ask for tho do. n oision of Parliament. Consequently Id there is yet hope that South Australia Swill ore long join thle union, and so hlel to strengthen it. In Now South Wales d how?ver, popular Ifooling unfortunately seems to continue adverse to the Council, rd and in some quarters there is even a Sdisposition to heap contumely and ridi cule upon it. The hostile attitude assumed by that colony seems almost to by justify the accusation of jealousy on her of part. There is a strong and bitter feeling nt between New South Wales and Victoria a and theformner accuses the latter of a ag desive chiefly to glorify herself in the to offorta she. has put forth to promote the .t. interesteof the Federal Council. 'It is is, a great pity that such a feeooling should de exist, for the effects must be baneful, and as. until a better. understanding is arrived at yo union between the whole of these southern of colonies will be impossiblo. It tir is to be hoped that the Imperial Con fy forenco to be held in London this year air will have a satisfactory effect in softening ut and eventually remooving thie asperitias Its and jealousies which ntow exist, by con at vincing the representatives of the severa" )0 colb'ie'that it is to their' interests iid id their security, also to act unitedly. New ro Zealand hla declined representation in ru the Federal Council, on the ground of its uas distanco' from the other colonies-an be objeqtion which stands out in marked I. contradistinction to .the action taken by the still moire 'distant' colony of Fiji. lor~yver, time produces wonderful at clhaigus;, and we do not despair of even- i tnually seqing all the colonies included in o' the noidon, and the Federal Council moot- o0 int regularly, and steadily continuing the good work so satisfactorily inaugurated o at Hobart last year. Tue WEATllet.-Yesterday was un- o doubtedly the hottest day we 'have ex- a perienced this summer, the tlhermometer n in the Invalid Depot registering 92 degs. v in the shade And 132 in the sun. Priuate thermometers made the heat still greater, the mercury ranging as high as 94 and 95 t in the shade, between 2 and. 3.p.m.. The f atlmsphler was thick.nyith smoke_ from c bushfires in the surrounding districts, this aggravating the discomfort of the unusually 1 hot weather. Last evening the sky gave every indication of anobthe hot' day, a thick haze overhanging the river and hills to the eastward and westward, although the barometer was steadily falling. Our HIobart correspondent' telegraphed last night :-The weather to-day, is still warm but nothing like what it was 'yesterday; there being a pleasant sea breeze. At noon the thermometer: read 70 in the shade. It is stated that during ,the thunder storm yesterday at one house in the city the lightning entered, the front door, passinug through several rooms; and 'inits progress cut off the upper portion of a bottle containing vinegar,uud smashing the lower part to atoms. ou?nuY WnAun?'.-Our Torqnay corro spondent writes :-The extension to .the 1Formby wharf is now completed, that is to say, sixweeks before the timn apepifledin the contract, The length of this extension is 207 feet, and its breadth 33 feet. The beams and the decking planks, which are 1all bolted very firmly together,are of stangy bark, and the whole is supported by :85, stout piles of peppermint wood, having an average diameter of 22 inches. Mr. John Luke ivas the contractor, and the opera tions were carried out under the immediate supervision of Mr. R. Oldham, of the Public Works Department. Strength und solidity are the characteristics of this structure, which it is almost needless to say will be ma great convenience to shippers when the busy season sets in. The floor ing planks are eight inches by four inches, and on these two lines of rails, known as a " through siding," will shortly be laid. The entire length of the Formby wharf, inclusive, of course, of the extension, is now 297 feet, and whenthe other extension in the direction of Grifliths's store is com pleted its length will then be a little more than the double of that figure. POLioE ConT.--The bench at the Lamn ceston police court yesterday was occupied by Messrs. H. T. A. Murray, P.M., and Ernest Whitfeld, J.P. nean was fined 10s for having been drunk; Peter M'Kany, charged with having on the 8th inst. stolen a pair of boots from the shop of James Burstcn, was remanded till to-day. George Folding and Andrew Hartington were each sent to gaol for one' month for havilig left the Invalid Depot without leave. George Folding was sent to gaol for 14 days for having assaulted Robert Venus.' Albert Joseph Brewster was charged with having committed wilful and corrupt perjury at the Launceston police court on Dec. 27, during the hearing of a case against r Catharine Tlheresa Walsh. Mr. R. Byron Miller appeared for defendant, and Mr. A. H. Davis for the prosecution. Mr. Davis addressed the bench, and then' called ICatherino Theresa Walsh, who deposed she knew defendant; on Dec. 26th she was in Margaret-street about 7 p.m. with her sister; she saw Brewster, who went up to t her and said" You tried to put me in gaol, so I will have the first of it;" 'a sergeant then took her to the watch house, the next morning she was charged with having Sused obscene language, and Brewster gave ovidence, .resulting in the witness being fined. She did not use any indecent or obscene language, the letters produced r were written to her by Brewster,she having at one time been engaged to him. Mar garet Gertrude Waleh, sister of prose 0 cutrix, also gave evidence to the same . effect. George Shepherd deposed tlhat he knew proseeutix, and was talking to her in Margaret- street on the 26th ult., her sister and Christopher Ion also being present; a f constable came up and said " Move on, or I will run you in," and subsequently Slhe arrested prosecutrix; no obscene lan guage- was used by anyone. Cross o examined-He had been on friendly terms Swith prosecutrix since tle night in ques tion, and had been out walking with her at nights; the street was perfectly quiet when he was talking to Walsh on tile' 26th ult., and he could hear all that was said; he heardno threats used beyond " 'll run o you in." Defendant was remanded until is 2'20 p.m. to-day, bail being refused. TRIBUTE or RsrECT.--At the funeral ' of the late Mr.: T. Young (who was for ef merly a cornet player in the St. Joseph's d band), whicl takes place at the Roman Catholic Cemntry to-day the members of the band of which deceased was formerly 1- a member will be present and play the 11 ".Dead March in Saul" over the grave. lINDUSTnIAL .EximrrITeoN.-The oppres sive state of the weanther last evening mill ) tinted against tle attendance at the it Launceston Industrial Exhibition. To o niglt the 'special attractions will doubt less induce a large number of people to assemble in tle pavilion. A concert has o been arranged and a good programm ebf d high-class music provided. ACADEMT OF' MUIC.--It is more than' probable that the "Called Back" Dramatic '. Company, after their successful .north. n edstern tour, will occupy the boards of the Academy for'three nights next week. The n, oames of Miss Carry George, Miss MaIrion It Norman, and Mr. J. J. Kennedy, asso r clated with a first-class company should ensure' success. Miss Norman's perforin ance of M'less in Bret Hart's beautiful :h story of that name is highly spoken of, e, wherever the piece was produced as was d also Mr. Kennedy's "Con" in Boucicault's " Shaughraun." Socra, Rno?suO.-The constitnent.s of co MIcssr. WV. T. Bell and Co. wore enter e- tained last evening by the firm at the Masonic Hall, where an excellent spread e was provided and done ample justice to. to The tables having been cleared, dancing er commenced and was kept up till the small Shours, over 00 couples taking part therein. The firm was well represented by Mr. W. sI H. Westbrook, under whose able manage ro nimnt every one present ippeared .to. Sthoroughly enjoy himself or herself. The ' evbning was a thoroughly social one, and a cannot fail to augment the good feooling as which has always existed between the old to established firm of Messrs. W. T. Bell and Co. and their numerous constituents, B IbVEnsAT.-A public meeting, convened a. by ridvertisement of the landhlolders of the ly road district of Dorset, was heldyesterday i. afternoon at.the Racecourse Hotel, Mow bray, for the purpose of taking the neces p sary steps to have certain streets situate in Sthe town of Invermay vested in the trustees of the road district. There were present Meessers. R. J M'Kenzie, P. Tynan, J. 1, Lament, F. Ward, T. Fuller. C. Box, H. a J. King, E. H. King. J. A. Box, S. .GO -Mackay, W. Luck, A. T. Parkham, and H. i M. Latham.' Mr. J. Lamont was voted't I the chair, and having read the advertise o ment calling the meeting, explained that thie trustees of the district had an objed tion to expend money on streets which had 8 in tbhoordiniry course of cutting up various a properties been laid out by private indi viduals within the town of Invermay, and it was deemed the best course to o hlave the streets properly proclaimed so as cross roads. After a discussion is on the desirableness of having all streets within the town brought under Id the control of the trustees it was moved ed by Mr. J. A Box, seconded by Mr. Barnard atand carried unanimously "That it is ox pedient that the streets at' present oexjst Sing in the town of Invermay already sur It veyed and marked out be declardd cross s. roads under the Roads Acts 48 Vicet. No. 28." It was further moved by Isr. T. St Puller, seconded by Mr. James Barnard eg and carriod, "That MIesrs. E. 4. King, D '. Lamont, C. Box, and tihe mover be a committee to obtain all plans for the pur pose of having the streets proclaimed, Mr. Lamont to be convener." The nienting d closed with a vote of thanks to the chair mau. RouoI oN Cons.r-Ask for Wells n "Rough on Corns." Quick relief, complete, ta permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions; SAt chemists and druggists. ' (3 S Roon on IrcH.-" Rough on Itch" icures skin humors, eruption, ring worhi, ,o 'totter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblaidn, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch, ' ' (I FInE.-The old' proverb" One fire and sure of. three" was exemplified at an early h,.or this'morning.' Shortly before three gm o'clock tilel :isbabne- street, fire-bell rang fo out its iniwelcome' ilharln four tolls Jieing to given,, tilling that a fire had broken fo out in the southern portion of the of town. This, however, proved incorrect, as sc the scene of the conflagration proved to be & Brisbane-street, the wooden building o0 occupied by Mr; H."Atkinson as a'cigar vi anti tobacco shop having by some ti menuns' caught fire.. Constable Carey, tc who!, ,we bn . duty in Brisbane, l stredt; heard 'glass cracking about 2"45, ia and believing robbers were at work- tried- u' the door and sounded his whistle. The £ flames were then observed, and he imme- h diately proceeded to arouse Superintendent d Croft, who had the reel on the spot If before the alarm was rung. A second t1 reel also very quickly arrived 'and 0 the flumes were almost instantly sub- a dued. The fire had- evidontly originated under the counter of the front shop, and b there the flames had the strongest hold. 1 The fire had unfortunately extended to 0 the adjoining soft goods. establishment oc-. , cupied by -Mr.' J. Robinson, where con- 0 siderable damage was done by fire and - flood. Atkinson's shop was perfectly T gutted. The origin of the filo is at pre- A sent unknown. I Launceston Tabernacle. - The new pipe organ for the Launceston Tabernacle, which arrived from London by the s.s. Essex last week, is being unpacked and built by Mr. A. Munnew, of Apollo House, George-street, operations being commenced yesterday. So far the instrument appears to be in good order and condition, and it is being erected in the left-hand corner of the church on a platform, which has been built by Messrs. Bennell Brotherd, of suffi- cient size to accommodate the choir. The organ will be ready for use for the first time on Sunday next, and as Mr. Munnew recently removed the organ belonging to St. Paul's Church from one end to the other, and also cleaned it in so satisfactory a manner, a good result may be expected from him on this occasion in the somewhat intricate task now on hand. ATHEriTIC SI'onT.--Thoe Union Athletic i Association will hold an athletic sports I meeting on St. Patrick's Day, for which a ' first-class programme will be provided. A I novelty will be forthcoming in the shape of an Irish piper, for which applications are invited in another column. Judging by their former efforts and results ob tained the association should score another success. uLEAsU&E;, ExcunsioNs.- The s.s. In dignant, under charter to the Early Closing Association, made an excursion to Rosevear's last evening, having .a large I number of people on board. The City I Baud played several selections of music on I board, their efforts being much appreciated. The steamer returned to town at an early I hour. To-morrow afternoon the Indignant 1 will make another trip to Rosevear's, leaving the wharf at 2-30 p.m. The Cuckoo Club will give a concert on board, I and as the weather at the present time is so fasturable for river excursions, es- I tpecially in the evening, the boat should be crowded by those desirous of enjoying the I breeze on the river. CiexT.--On Saturday last a cricket match camne off at Deloraino between a team from Dunorlan and the local eleven, re sulting, after a thoroughly well-contested game, in a victory for-the Deloraine eleven by eleven runs. The winners, in their first innings,made 122, of which J. West .43, J. Cottam 24, J. G. Lindley 14, M. lBloch 12, and R. G. Horne 11 were the 'only ones to reach double figures. At their second essay the Deloraine team were not so successful, only making a total of 50, of which J. West with 13 was the prin Scipal scorer. The Dunorlan team made 96 and 65 respectively, making a grand total of 101 as against their opponents' 172. For' the losers the most successful batsmen were H; Burke 31, J. Conroy 17, N. Burke 15 and'19,'and D. Burke 18. The City and Gasivork clubs met on the Gasworks Cricket ground on Saturday afternoon, and the game resulted in a win for the City by ° 22 runs; the City were first to the wickets 0 and scored 53. The principal scores being a Goodluck 18, Ryde 7 (not out), and H. A. r B. Locke 1, who batted in excellent form; a the Gasworks followed, and:'were all dis posed of for '31, owing to the excellent b bowling ofeA. and W. Lawrence. ' For the Gasworks Lakin and Quarry trundled' in good form. LoanoN Ciacus.-Mr. R.H. Beattie, advance agent for the London Circus, arrived in Launceston yesterday to make t preliminary arrangements for the circus opening here for a short season. The com pany, with the heterogenous belongings of a circus, will arrive per s.s. Flinders to il day, and will open to-morrow evening on the Market Green. They will only re main four nights, thence proceeding to e Hobart ea route to New Zealand, where they are due on Monday fortnight. The n London Circus has only been about seven months out from England, during which y time a very successful tour of Australia te has been made. Amongst the numerous tttractious will bhe that of an actress being shot from a gun, which will be exhibited for the first time in Tasmania. 1C INSPECTOaR oP:'hMAINEnT vOR LAUN \- CEBTON.-W-hilst in Hobarf on Friday the Launceston members of the Consolidated t Board waited on the Government and 's urged the necessity of an inspector 'of mf machinery being appointed for Launceston. The question was fully explained in all its 0 bearings, pnd Ministers promised to recon 0 sider' the matter. The master warden, h- Mr. Sadler, had an interview with the is Treasurer on Friday evening and further iO urged.the.necessity of such appointment. n Tiis ENsGIsn MAILS. - The R.M.S. a- Bengal, with English mails via Brindisi to Id December 10, was sighted off Albainy a yesterday morning, two days in advance of Ul contract time. She should have arrivedon ' Friday, and reach Hobson's Bay on Sunday 1 next. The Tasmanian portion of the mails will be brought on by the as. Flinders, which leaves MIelbourno on Mon f day next, arriving here the following r. day. s On DEFenCES. -. Colonel Legge and id Lieutenant-Colonel Warner yesterday pro o. coeded to Formby, it is generally believed ig on matters connected with the defence of 11 the Mersey. They will return to Laun n. ceston to-day and then proceed to the . Brown Bluff to take soundings of the \- lTamar in the immediate vicinity thereof, o. the MIaster Warden having placed the tug e at their disposal for that purpose. Id Tnx Woon?N-LEzmaE Cow.--The New ig castle (England) Chronicle says :-Many of \- our readers will remember that about id eighteen months ago Mr. John Snarry, V.S., of Norton, Malton, successfully am. Sd putatod one of the hind legs of a valuable 0s and well-bred shorthorn cow, and supplied sy a wooden one in place of the original w- limb, the object, of course, being to retain s- the cow if possible, for breeding purposes. in Farmers and stock breeders will be in Os terested to learn that the result has been at fully achieved, as the "cow with the J. wooden leg" is now a mother, and may be . seen with a grand bull calf, a few days old, .~ running by her side. Ton B?an ieD WORTrnzLsS are never imitated or countserfeited. This is espo dcially true of a family medicine, and it is Spositive proof that the remedy imitated is of e- the highest value. As soon as it had been ad tested and proved by tha whole world that u Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most li- valuable family medicine on earth, many * imitations sprung up and began to steal to the notices in which the Press and the ed people of the .country had expressed the On merits of H. B., and in every way trying to all induce suffering invalids to use their stuff or instead, expecting to make money on the ed credit and good name of H.B. Many rd others started nostrums put up in similar x- style to H. B., with variously devised Snamea in which the word " Hop" or r- "Hops" were used in a way to igduco pople to believe thoy der thp sme as 0\. Hop Bittern. All such pretendedremedies T or cures, no matter what their style or rd name is, and especially those with the Ig, word "Hop" or"Hlps"in their name or in a any way connected with them or their r- name, are imitations or counterfeits. Er. Beware of them. Touch' none of them. Pf Use nothing but.genuine American Hop ir- Bitters, with a cluster ovf green hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown Sin the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists i, and chemists are warned'against dealing in i mitations or oountorfeits. ( Sunun Corac.-A sure cure for this dis. tressing complainb will be found inDally'a ' Liver and Blood Mixture. Try,it, and save is, suffering. Sold everywhere.-(Advt,) . : ý', Incoo?rOmAL4 'Itra?s. -, The Qiueens land crime returns ,for the year show a great increase in crime. The total arrests for the period show 00997 as against 8005. for 1885.-Thie New South Walcs defence forces are to be reduced to a peace footing of between 7000 and 8000 men.-The second portion of the Victorian loan of £8,000,000 will be floated early this month on the London market. The financial ad visors of the Government were at first of the opinion that it would not be judicious ti to make the launch till next month, but Mr. Gillies has since been advised that the market will be very favourable early this a month. -The- amount to be floated is I £3,000,000.-Largo quantities of grass- s hoppers have come to grief in the Ballarat district:- On-New Year's Day there-was a large fringe of dead grasshoppers just at u the water's edge ieioind the greater portion of the lake.-During the festive season about 2,500 of the poor of Sydney were entertained at dinner in the Exhibition building under the auspices of the City Mission.-Tho whole of the holiday troli e on the Victorian lines was conducted i without -mishap, notwithstanding the 1 enormous number of those who travelled. -An old soldier, born in 1780, who served at Waterloo, named George Aitken Campbell, recently passed through Inglewood on his way to draw his pens:on at Ballarat. He was accompanied by a son aged fifty, who served in the Indian mutiny and 'Crimea, and was with the, Soudan contingent - Mr: Dayid Syme, chief proprietor of the Melbourne Age, left the colony last week on a visit to Europe, via America, for the purpose; of recruiting his health.-The re venue of the Customs Department of Victoria during the six months ending on I the 31st ult. showis a' satisfa-ctory increase over the estimates. The total amount collected was £1,918,759. The. drawbacks amounted to £57,654, leaving a not re- 5 venue balance of £1,156,105. . The esti- i mate for that' period was £1,100,885, and the excess of revenue actually collected! was £55,220.' The heaviest proportion of: revenue.was realised during the. earlier months of the half-year.-The Victorian s Ministry do not intend sending one of their number to the Conference on Imperial Defence and Federation, convened by Mr. Stanhope. The Argus strongly urges that they should do so. EAusrTuHanE OoSEayATIONS. - An ex change says the oldest known seismoscope seems, to have been invented in China in A.D. 136. It consisted of a; bottle-shaped copper vessel, 8ft. in diameter. Within it was a column so suspended that it could morve in eight directions. On the. outside I of the bottle were eight dragon heads, each holding a ball in its mouth, and under neath these heads were eight delicately poised frogs watching to receive the ball. When an earthquake occurred, the violence 2 of the shock resulted in the ejection of the ball from one (or more) of the dragons,and the ball, falling in the jaws of the expect ant frog beneath, caused the animal to oscillate, and thus indicated the direction from' which the shock proceeded. From this rude but ingenious instrument,' to the Gray- Milne seismograph, which automati cally. records on smoked paper not only the three rectangular components of any dis placement, but the' exact time at which they occur, is a long step. A DRIsE TO LIS ENos SssIPsUILDER. SMr. John Ward, a Dumbarton shipbuilder, lecturing at Greenock on "Destructive Aid in Naval Warfare," said that a circu liar had been advertised in England by the United States Navy Department asking for designs for an armoured cruiser and an t armoured battleship; and the terms of the 3 circular showed that the United States Go t vernment wished and expected designs to come from " those in this country who at the country's expense have similar de i signs to get'out for our own navy." After r remarking that the "honorarium" offered for this betrayal, of trust was 15,000 e dollars, with a further sum for working 1 drawings, Mr. Ward said: "Here then, is a aihuiiliating state of things. First, that I a foreign Government should have cause to know the efficacy of a bribe upon our Government officials; and, second, that a Sfriendly Government should not scruple to .lay such a temptation in the way of weak patriots. Of the United States Govern ment we might expect better things." t INTERCOLONIAL ACOIDBNTs, OFFENCES, a ETo.--At the Melbourne city court a youth u named Thomas Lytton was fined £2 for stealing goldfish from the pond in the Carlton Gardens.-A telegram from Cairns, Queensland, statesla fracas occurred there s on Christmas night. Mr. FP. T. Wimble, s of the Cairns Poet, publicly horsewhipped . Mr. Draper, editor of the Chronicle, in Af Abbott-street, owing to some grossly per sonal.remarks which appeared .i tile a Saturday ,morning's issue of the latter paper, and which reflected o on Mr. Wimble's private life. Mr. o Draper, in defending himself, handled Mr. Wimble severely. Proceedings will be n taken in the police court against Wimble. h -At Sale a .woman named Yellaley,. aged a 36, whilst having some words with a man s named Moncreiff, with whom she lived, for g paying attention to another woman, d deliberately walked to the river,. threw herself in, and was drowned, before she r- could be rescued.-At Eohuca a woman has e died of starvation.. It appears that the d unfortunate woman's husband has been d away some time, and her relatives, living ,f, close by, although able to render assistance, 1\. neglected to do so, and she died absolutely a for the want of the common necessaries 'of . life.-At Herbert, New Zealand, a ferret s, attacked a baby girl about seven months o old, a child of Mr. Dobbs, as she was lying ir on the floor. The mother hearing' screams ruthed into the room and found the 3\. ferocious brute, tearing with teeth and o claws at the right eye of the unfortunate y infant, whose face was streaming with 3f blood. The eye is completely destroyed. ,n At Sandhurst a boy named George Nichols y was playing with a' dynamite cap, when oe it suddenly exploded, blowing off the tips s. of three fingers of his right hand. 1 Coa or Sin?N DIsEAsES.-lnveroirgil, g NZ., 3rd of July, 1880. Messrs. Sander and Sons, Sandhurst:-Gentlomen, d Having suffered from eczema (a skin disease . which is very prevalent in this colony) for d about nine years, I had consulted nume. f rous medical men here, and in Australia, . ,and had takeh arsenic, strychnine, iodide a of potassium, etc., internally, and had used a preparations of zinc and lead externally. In fact, I had tried all the remedies known gto the faculty, and what between travel ling, doctors' and druggists' bills, had r. spent a small fortune, almost if not wholly ,f without results, except to injure my con st atitution. During a recent visit to Heki. ., tika, I was recommended to try your ,. Extract Eucalyptus Globulus by a brother le who had experienced great benefit from it d in alleviating a very severe cold, and, no al less to' my surprise and satisfaction, I in found the disease which had troubled me .so long was conquered, and the skin re a. sumed its normal condition. This was n effectod by the external use of less than o two one-ounce bottles. You are welcome > to make any use you please of this letter, d, and I subscibe myself-Yours, etc., (signed) John H. Kerr, Manager Union Bank of Australia, Limited. Wholesalo Sdepot for Tasmnania, L. FAIUTiiORNs AND \- SoN. Retailed by chemists and store keeoopers at ls 9d and 2, Gd per bottle. (5 in ,TH Launooston High School resumes duties at on 21st inet. k TuE cbmmitteo of the Launeeston Oboes Olib meet at the Mechaniocs' Institute at 8' this SoThe' Union Athletlo Ausolatloe invite ap le' plicatlons for an Irish piper to play at their se ports onSt, Patrick's Day. to CooN8sEnas of Rgs are reminded to by their Saccounts before Friday lext Ig order to secure T0 ue aninual resoting of St. Andrew's y Parobhisl Associhtlon .will be. leld ia the r Library Hall, Westbury, thIbs ersnlig,' when Id there will be spoeaches, ongs and platrisental or m n olpo'"" f d cs AnpvrsnlRsI n toLn s present day may lmost as bo resobned onsse 5o1 Ohe lrts, theIsllo of tlb es apliat end ,the llithographer prodsolng ees or se powerful ppealsto the public than th e type of the printer. Many of the advertlisina mediuss 'now ,iroulated gratil by tens of inthousnd would hase beon oonlidered works f Sr arts within the present seantury, and not the . leaost attractive is the calandar for 1887 issnuod . by the proprietors of Sostt's Emnalson, whih sp Is hoaded by a beasutif psrtrelt of apchbld, ae taken from life..and lithographsd by Major, m Knapp, and Co., of Now York. ,loAL TonITUoDE.,-Blamel atahes to a jury of intelligent men when they condemn a man for crime whose Imoral nature hbo baeens D verted by indigestion, diseased liver and id \- neys. A thoughtfuljsdge may well consaide " whether society would not be better sorvdy se ordering a bottleof Amerioasi Oo.'q lp tte fo the unfortunante 1 its ook inad year. of ?oOal sooltold,. k . ' 