BROOKONG. SATURDAY, March 5, (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) To-day a meeting of the committee arranging for the banquet to HJU. Wm. Haliiday, of Brookong, was held at Grecnsgunyah, the following members being present, viz. :— Messrs. T. Bond (chairman), M'Leish, Matthews, Mitchell, Ditchfield, Guest, M'Kay, and A. Moffat. Mr. Guest moved, and Mr. A. Matthews seconded —" That the minutes of the previous meeting be confirmed, with the exception that the date fixed for the holding of the banquet be altered to Thursday, the 14th April, instead of the 8th of that month, that day being Good Friday."—Carried. Mr. A. Matthews moved, and Mr, Guest seconded—"That the sample ticket from the Wagga Wagga Express be chosen, and that the secretary write and order 500 at price stated."—Carried. Mr. Wm, M'Kay moved, and Mr. Moffat seconded —"That tenders be called for the supply of provisions and fruit (without liquor)."—Carried. Mr. M'Leish moved—" That 120 persons be provided for, with allowance made at average rate for all above that number." Seconded by Mr. W. Ditchfield, and carried. Mr. A. Matthews moved—" That tenders be called for in the following papers, viz., Albury Banner, Wagga Express, and Jerilderie Herald." Seconded by Mr. Mitchell, and cirried. Mr. Guest proposed, and Mr. M'Leish seconded —" That tenderers be required to state bill of fare of what they will supply."—Carried. Mr. A. Matthews proposed, and Mr. Mitchell seconded—" That Messrs. T. Edmondson and Co., Wagga Wagga, and Mr. G. W. Lamb, Urana, be asked to submit their prices and brands of liquors for the banquet."—Carried. Mr. M'Leish proposed that Messrs. Lorimer and Co., Wagga Wagga, and Messrs. B. Calley and Son, Urana, be also written to ; which was seconded by Mr. A. Matthews and carried. On the motion of Mr Guest, seconded by Mr. M'Leish, it was decided that next meeting be held at same place on Saturday, 19th inst. Mr. M'Leish moved, and Mr. M'Kay seconded, that tenders be returnable by that date —Carried. After a vote of thanks to the chairman for the efficiency displayed in the performance of his duties, the meeting adjourned till Saturday, 19th instant. There was a glorious downpour of rain here last Saturday, about 6in. falling in about as many hours. Tbe oldest residents say it was the heaviest they have seen for many a long year. The embankments to tanks and dams were burst by the dozen. No danger of bushfires now till next summer, as with the previous rains there is new feed 6in. high in many of the paddocks. 