Camperdown and Terang Railway Line. THE OPENING DEMONSTRATION. The completion of the thirteen miles of | railway between Camperdown and Teraro?, . was formally celebrated on Saturday, 23rd inst. It is customary on occasions when an important event that has .been Ion:: anticipated comes to pass, to celebrate ie in the most suitable manner. Following out the usual practice the residents of Terang and district, who had been anxiously awaiting the construction of the line, resolved upon duly commemorating the occasion. It was only about a fortnight ago that definite action was taken, and a public meeting was held at Terang to consider the form the celebration should i take. It was then decided to hold a banquet | aud give the children a treat, the demon strations to tako place on different dates. A large and influential committee was ap pointed, with Mr. D. S. Walker as chair- j man, Mr. Stewart as treasurer, and Mr. J. Smyth as secretary, and arrangements were at once entered upon to make the demonstration as imposing as possible. Sub-committees were appointed to work up the necessary details, and that important portion of the bauquet—the catering—was entrutted to Mr. Biggin, of Terang. The task of pro viding the wines was placed in the bands of Messrs. Coy Bros. Towards the end of last week the tiual arrangements had almost been made, and everything pointed to the success of the deinonstratiou. There wan, perhaps, one exception. The committee had gone as far as their powers could carry them in their work, and had apparently left nothing undone; but until Friday "the clerk of the weather" frowned ominously upon their proceedings. "Will it be line or will it be wet?'' was a question to which, under the recent changing con ditions of the weather, few persona would have cared to hazard a defiuite reply. When Saturday morning dawned, grey and somewhat dull, it stdl seemed a doubtful question, but with the rising sun the niaotlo which at first obscured his face from view was withdrawn, and thereafter he shone upon the earth from a perfectly cloudless sky. THE TOWN. The wishes of all for fine weather were realised iv the very highest degree, is no lovelier day could have been -elected, even if the selection had been made by the combined witdom of the Demonstration Committee. From an early hour on that eventful morning the towuahip of Terang was astir, aud there were not a few who assembled on the plat form of the railway station aud witnessed the departure of the first train. The opening nf a railway lin*, as a rule, happens but once in the existence, of any couimuuity, aud the event has to be duly commemorated. On all occasions of re joicing a liberal display of bunting is an important feature, aud this portion of the celebration was not forgotten ou Saturday. The township at au early hour waa gaily decorated with flags, the display being most profuse from the various public buildings, stores, hotels, &c.; From the Mechanics' Institute there waved, pro minent amongst tile flags of other nation alities, the " green flag of old Ireland," with its usual accompaniment of the harp. The owners of private houses also mani fested their pleasure by a display nf bun ting, where any display could be possibly made. Towards noon the people from the surrounding district commenced to arrive in the township in order to partici pate in the general rejoicings. Everyone was dressed in holiday attire, and it seemed evident that all were bent upon making the day one of general gladness. ARRIVAL OF THE SPECIAL TRAIN. The special train from Melbourne with a number of visitors aboard was timed to .reach the terminus at 12.20 p.m., and long before that hour the people com menced to congregate on the platform of the railway station. Punctually to time the train made its appearance and drew up alongside the platform. There were assembled at the station at the time, Mr. D. S. Walker, J.P., president of the Hampdenshire Council, and chairman of the Demonstration Committee, Mr. W. Anderson, M.L.A., Mr. J. J. Madden, M.L.A., Crs. Shaw, M'William, and a number of other gentlemen representing the local governing bodies and the com mittee. The special train contained the I Acting-Chief Secretary and Ministerl of Education (Mr. C. H. Pearson), who represented the Cabinet, the hoDB. T. Dowling and T. dimming. Ms.L.C, the hon. T. Bent, and Messrs. Toohey and rjren, Ms.L.A., Mr. Job. M'Kean, and several gentlemen from Melbourne, Gee lung, Ballarat, Colac and Camperdown, representing the pastoral, agricultural and commercial interests of the colony. Mr. Pearson and other guests on board the train were received and duly welcomed to Terang by the president of the Hampden shire Council. VISIT TO THE STATE SCHOOL. The interval of half an hour before the banquet, which took place at 1 p.m, was suitably occupied by the Minister of Education in paying a visit of inspection to the State school. He was accompanied by the Rev. S. Fraser and Messrs. J. A. M'Wniiam, Home aud T. P. Errey, junr. (correspondent), members of the Local Board of Advice, and tho head teacher, Mr. Smyth. Messrs. Anderson and Toohey, Ms.P., were also with the party, and materially helped their requirements. Mr. M'William, pointed out that the number of children in actual attendance was 226, whilst the average attendance was 180. In the large ruom, the measure ment of which it 51ft. x 18ft., there were 119 children, and in the smaller room, 31x18, there were 107 children. A promise had been given that money would be expended on the building before Easter; but as yet no move had been made in that direction. It was shown that the school had been erected before the present Education Act came into force, and that from its gloomy appearance it was ill-adapted for the purposes of education. Sir. Pearson thought the building was too solid ito be pulled down, and Mr. Ande son, in reply, remarked that a portion of it at least would have to be removed to make room fur the additions. Mr. Pearson thought that if room were provided for 100 additional scholars tbat it would answer all requirements, aud he would promise that the money would be provided for this in June or July next. Sir. Fra»er thought that any plan for improvements and additions should in clude windows in the walls in order to allovt the light and air to play round the bodies of the children, Mr. Toohey agreed that something should ba done in the direction indicated by Mr. Frasar. With regard to the admission of children under the school age, Mr. Pearson pointed out that tha teacher had power, in extreme cases, to reject them. He re peated his promise, however, that additional accommodation should be pro vided. The dilapidated condition of the fence around the school was also brought under notice, and it was pointed out tbat it had been in position over a quarter of a century. Mr. Errey junr., pointed out the danger which existed to the children as at any time a mob of wild cattle being driven past could easily break down tha fence. Mr. Pearson said that the more pressing claims upun the Department for new schools in growing districts wero so great that tho question of fencing could not be taken into consideration. After further conversation, the party returned to the township. THE BANQUET. . TheprocMdingi which took place earliar "Hfca daj were bwt ika pwlmuaMy to tfc. the banquet, which took place in the Mechanics' halL Covers had been laid for over 100 persons, bat lb» atten dance wag considerably larger than was anticipated, and additional accommo dation had to be provided on the staiie. An admirable repjst had been provided by Host Biggin, whose arrangements were Kuch as would have reflected credit on a fin>t class metropolitan caterer. The menu was most extensive, and the viands were of an excellent description. The more credit is due to the caterer when it is knuwu that the time allowed him fur pre paration was comparatively short. The quality of the wines supplied by the Moss™. Coy Bros, was in keeping w.th the other things, so that the preliminaries were thoroughly enjoyed by all who sat down at the tables. An efficient staff of waiters had been secured and the attend ance on the wants nf tho guests was all tbat could be desired. • The gathering was most worthily pre sided over by Mr. D. S. Walker, J.P., president of the Hampdenshire Council. The chairman was supported by the Act ing-Chief Secretary and Minister of Education (Mr. C. H. Pearson), thehons. T. Dowling and T. Cumming, Sl's-L-C, hon. T. Bent, Messrs. Anderson, Toohey and Madden, Ms.L.A.; the mayors of Warmambool and Koroit, Messrs. James M'Kean, Shaw, Mackinnon and other gentlemen. Mr. W. H. Uren, M.L.A. for Ripou and Hampdan was also present. The vice-chair« were filled respectively by by Rev. S. Fraser and Cr. J. A. Al'Williara, J-P. . The. chairman said that before proceed ings, any farther he desired to rend a telegram which had been put in his hands from Mr. Langdon, who regretted he was unable to be present. The customary loyal toasts having been duly honored, the Rev. S. Fraser said he had very much pleasure in proposing "The Health of His Excellency the Governor." They all knew, or perhaps ought to know, that Sir Henry Loch was not only a Scotchman, but a Highlander, having been born in Sutherlandshire. (Laughter and cheers.) He had shown hinißclf to be an able man and an able Governor, and they all felt also that he was a thoroughly constitu tional Governor. In social and political life his Excellency was everything they could wish him to be. He had therefore much pleasure in proposing his health. The toast was enthusiastically received. Mr. W. H. Clarke said he had much pleasure in proposing the toast of " The Ministers of Victoria," and he anticipated that it would be drunk with special enthusiasm by everyone in the ball; not because they had received an undue amount of Ministerial favors. He re gretted very much the custom which had been introduced to estimate the worth of a Ministry by the amount of money that could be extracted from it. It was some time nnw since that famous motto, "Peace, Progress and Prosperity," was put forth. Since the present Ministry was in power there hud been an amount of peace, progress and prosperity unknown in the history of post Ministries. (Applause) The Ministry, however, were not omnipo tent, and could not legislate against such things as drought and locusts. By real good legislation, however, they had done a great deal towards promoting the prosperity of tho colony. But the Ministry «nl their actions had been before them all. and by such they could be judged. For 20 years ihey had been looking forward to the extension of the railway, and it was now an accom plished fact. He would ask them to couple with the toast the name of the Minister of Education. The toast was enthusiastically drunk, hearty cheers being given for the Govern ment. . Mr. Pesnon, on rising to respond, was warmly received. He said be could only regret very much that the Premier was not present to witness the very hearty response given to the toast of the Ministry, and to make a speech in reply —a very mn:h more adequate one than he could possibly make. (So no.) At the same time he could not say enough to convince them that he heartily appreciated the strong feeling expressed by the previous speaker. He was bound to confess there were a great many things which did not lie within the power of a Minister of the Crown to porfonn, such as the seasons which the Government could not control, in spite of the intimate connection with the Government as tronomer; a visitation of locusts, or a fall in the price of wool, for if they could the prica of wool would rue much higher than it has done. He felt very strongly it was much more true that the powers of Ministers and the scope of action were extending, than that, as some appeared to think, they were throwing away their powers and delegating them to Commis sions. It was perfectly true that two or three Commissions had baen appointed, and with very admirable results. He did not know that he could mention a name that would meet with more deserving applause than that of Mr. Speight—(loud cheers)—who had proved himself a competent administrator, and thoroughly able on the financial side of the question. At the same time, while the Ministry was giving away a certain part of its powers which could not be used with advantage in two or three branches of the public service, there were half a dozen other departments in which the sphere of ministerial action had been extended. Lit him mention one instance because it is the Minister t-> whose department a great industry belonged, and who would have been with them that day and regretted hia absence —Mr. Dow. When the department of sericulture was 6r»t founded, it was generally regarded as a trifling appendage of the Crown Lands Department. But they had now got the importance of agri culture recognised in every direction, and one of the last works of the Minister was to conclude au agreement with the Chaffey Bros., which, he believed, would add a new province to Victoria, and hal! a million inhabitants. He looked forward to the timp, though they might be a little over sanguine ia their anticipations, when they could establish another Terms; on the borders of tho Murray lea/ing out the consideration of the climate. Allowing for all differences it would be found that this vast territory was uot intended by ProvidWe to remain a desert for all time. (Cheers.) In another matter, hia colleague (Mr. Dow) saw in South Australia a ques tion of the last importance to all in this colony, the question of forest conserva tion. They had taken a good many hints from the sister colony, and he hoped they would take the hint with regard to that matter. The question had been forced upon them there, and here they were suffering this year from an unprecedented drought which came after a year of clear ance, and they might byand-bye be suffering from a want of fuel. The clear ance uii^ht not have been the direct cause of the drought, but it may have contri buted to what the colony is still suffering from. In pacing to his own department —the Education Department—they were bound to find year by year that it had more to dy. They had been establishing, and hi* predecessors one and all had been laboring fri establish primary schools of education. Whether th.it education was as good as they thought, he could not say, but he firmly believed it to be extremely good. He was now try ing to make arrangements to hold a sort of competitive examination next year as a test, and he believed the system would come well out of the contest. They were bound to go beyond the primary schools and to remember that every m an in every department of industry required more or lew knowledge. Time waa when tho jy« *»» ««lj tie Mnfiloyar of tW howover, the fanner was bound to I, highly educated. No one who noted the progress of the Agricultural Corninjssj.j,, of which the hon. Walter Madden «ai chairman, could doubt that their apical. turists wero students, and were highly educated men. (Cheers.) He was m nr ' and more convinced that they w.iulil I* studying, in addition to other »vij let , chemistry and botany jourmen of coniuitrt:! would be making themselves .ici|unui;,,j with the arts and languages, aud the secrr, of the laboratory. (Cheers.) While m-i was the case the Department was bnuiid v increase its usefulness There was anothtr matter to which lie might refer. Only ( few years sgo Victoria was shut out from the world, and what did they now \ au for the first time? A Sovereign of Gre« Britain had been calling the statesmen of Australia to her councils. They had tht Queen's advisers, the Premier of Cirei; Britain, and the Secretary for the Coloni a ' meeting in conference with the repress tatives of Australian communities. Tiij was a very notable fact; a fact tint m a ..' impress Europe immensely, and it led 0 " a the conclusion that tills country, s<hd>' or later, is bound to be the doinmativ power in Southern Asia. (CWr< Well, it has been one of the duties i,f ■];. Ministry to send representative] to thj conference, and he did not think that til country could have been letter represent*' than by the gentleman with the nutus good sense and solid shrewdness t,f };. Lorimer, and another gontleman with ;-, versatility, the eloquence, the enthusiui the genius of Mr. Deakin. (L lud i-. plaose.) Mr. Deakin was one of *h C ; they might all be proud. Whether iL* came from the old country or no:, tr.- wer« equally glad to see the natives tak-.L; the first place in the community. T:r was all he had to say on that subject, v : he hoped they would agree with mm tfci the sphere of Ministerial action nj l . likely to diminish while the wants of til community were increasing day by dn He might claim for the Ministry that: had tried tn do the best it could for tia country. He believed further that l; colony had been mure fortunate than tb colony in the succession of e^rntat k; brilliant public men that had been in duced at different times iv its historj When he looked back to such great naina as Higiubothnm, Francis, O'Shannaur M'Cuiloch, Barry aud others, who hi: passed from the sphere of active pnhtia when he remembeied what the statesman ship and ability of such men had been, I, felt strongly that the young country which could produce such as there had'it leu: the advantage of a splendid politics education, and he douoted whether i country in Europe could product, tte same nurubfr. Tile dwellers in EngW did not understand the explosive Frruci ayeteni, in which a new Got emmet assumini; office swept avray all thit h« gone before. The accepted rule here »a to take whatever they could from the: predecessors, rejecting nothing ih.t cotl tx> accepted. Take fjr instance the cai-e t the present railway. The people of tha district no doubt felt they had be=n kept out of it a much longer time than tv necessary. Well, he would not ari>i that; but perhaps it was btcauso of th country being so rich that it «aj though it could go without a railway unt poorer districts had been served. Th people, in other words, had paid tti penalty that wealth has to pay, in havin: their wants postponed. (Liunbter.) Thi Ministry, in procedinc with tbisiailwa; bad been working on old lines, fur it ha been contemplated, as everyone line* somethinz like twenty years ago. It «• one of the lines uu which Mr. Bent ha put his imprimatur and to which th present Ministry had put the seal. Th Ministers, after all, weie the hard wurkiu servants of the community, the servant the public could change iv a moment, an whom they would not hesitate to change should the necessity occur. (Cheers.) Mr. Thomas Shaw rose to propose tt t«ast of " The Parliament of Victoria. The mover said that upon this what h might call a glorious day for the who! district, he felt he would like to draw the minds back to what the country was fort years ago. when the only occupants we: sheep and kangaroos, and the only mea: of locomotion horses and bullock waggon He could trace the progress down to 0 present day, to the steam engine and t! carriages attached thereto. It seem wonderful to think that one morning th could leave Teranfr, and the next could spent in Adelaide or Sydney, and th could reach the centro of the continent about two days. In a short time th would be able to get to Brisbane in abo three days. He would like to remark th he had travelled over the Land of Promts and he would far rather have a radiu3 five miles around Ttrang than any porti. of Palestine they could gire hii (Laughter.) This hind rejoiced not milk and honey. They turned their pa tures not into honey, but into cheese at fat cattle and fat sheep, which went on what one of their legislators term. " sugar," so that their land produced mi and "sugar." (Laughter.) The tea was one which he felt thoroughly ineo petent to propose. Ho had been on t political warpath and had been seal] twice. The skin had grown aga but not . the hair. (Laughter.) ! felt sure the toast of Parliament wot be drunk as warmly and as heartily as t: of the Ministry. Referring to the ext. »ion of the railway system the speal said a friend of his was endeavor, to get a line constructed acr Europe and through India, by wh it w« proposed to reach the northe coast of Australia iv about 1C days h. London. He hoped such a thing wo. come to pass, and that Terang would h link in the great chain by which t: could be taken to the mother country 1C or 20 days. He was a believ«r Parliamentary Government which on t whole had been a crtdit to the coloi though there were no doubt excentio He felt that day thit the present Par ment was perfect, or as near perfect as t! could hare it, and that it ku aen to the country. la connection with t tout be would couple the names of: hons. T. Dowliog and T. Cumtniug, » were both what might b« called I men. With regard to the Assembly was glad to find present his very old frit: Mr. W. Anderson, aud he would like > to mention Mr. Toobey, who had gi' th* Demonstration Committee every au «nee. The mover referrvd to the prese: of the hon. T. Bent, to whom they * really indebted for the railway, Mr. t: aud other member*. He considered t: if the commum ty had nothing else to th» the Government for, it was t good sense they manifested when th took the management of the railway* * of the hands of the political servants the people, and placed it so that it would be used ior the benefit of tha wd country. _ The hon. T.Dowling, in response to c turned calls, rose to respond. It • only a little whila ago since he h«d > dressed an audience in that hall * solicited their suffrages. He could n say that he was exceedingly pleaseJ •' the personnel of the Upper House, » also with tha Assembly, from whit h« k seen of it. The members were a clau people wbo, ha believed, would take a of the interests of the inhabitants of t! grand and rising country. He impress upon the electors the necessity of gi'; th#ir representatives to understand ti it was important they should attend their places in Parliament as often possible. In fact the only fault ha feu withth* LegisUtureofthecountrywasii members were frequently absent f' their places in the House, when to* attendance was must required. He* a very great advocate, indeed, < p»riiim»ntary govtm»eut, and be ' Km* UM *•«■& rf tfea tUtfrn m* pressed by the members of Parliament, is the very best moans and the very best w»y for carrying tint the laws of the country. It became people in his position to be a littlemodest. andthereforehewoald just take his seU when Parliament opened and endeavor to do his business as he had Jn-nys don-. Whatever his hand found to 1)0 be had done it with all his might. (Applause.) At his time pf life, he was no» C 7 years of age, lie could not expect to hate many years of work before him, but the tiiui* he had he hoped to devote to the service uf his country. (Ap plause.) He Mijiposed he was one of the oUest res denls of the district, and there were very few indeed present then, that tttendedarail way meeting h«ld at MVittlake some 30 yo its ago (Mr. Webster—2oyears.) But at that meeting his friend, Sir. Shaw, was present. It was a most unanimous meeting, and the only dissentient at that gathering was his friend, who said the district was yet too young for railways. Howuver, it was carried with acclamation that the railway from Geeloug to Hamil ton was a necessity. That line had after wards passed through the Assembly by a very largo majority indeed. It canie to the Upper House, and by the vote of one man the question was shelved. That man was a representative of their own province, and did it not seem a shame that his vote was the means of defeating the line. If he had voted as he ought to have done, they would long ago have had their branch line to Warrnambool, whilst Mortlake would have been on the main line between Adelaide and Melbourne. The hon. T. Camming, in responding, titd be could appreciate very much indued their kindnesi in calling upon him to respond to the toast of "The Parliament" He attributed to the so jd feeling of the peopleinthe vicinityof TeranjrandCamper down the fact that he wu returned to the Legislative Council. He could assure them that he had not forgotten their kindness. >'o one, perhaps, know the wants of this country better than he diil himself, and he thought this part of the colony was well entitled to be termed, " The Garden of Victoria." a name that had been bestowed on it by the late Surveyor- Geneml. They had heard a great deal of Gippsland, but he considered the Western diitrict had proved itself whilst Gippsland hid still tJ do so. It waa a ereat pj^y. that the line had not been constructed years agi>. An event had been mentioned by Mr. Dowling which took place some 20 yon back. He thought that if at that time they had kept their shoulders more to the wheel and agitated more strongly, they would have cot the direct line in this direction. Xo doubt at that time the hon. member referred to (the hon. .Mr. Simson) felt more personally interested in the line from B&llarat; to Hamilton, and had given it his support. But when it m impressed upon him the necessity of coming down and visiting this district him self. Mr. Simson then admitted that had he known the great facilities of this country he would have allowed his own private feelmgs to go by, and have given bis vote fur this line. Had he done so the line would hare been opened nearly SO years ago. Tnere was another nutter ha would like to mention to them, and that wss that now they had the railway, they •h»nld take the greatest advantage of it, trivel over it, and send their produce as much ai possible alone it. X<> doubt it looked cheaper to send their produce to Warraauibool to go thence by tei; but when railway* were constructed th«y should be mide 1132 of as much as possible. He gave them the hint as if the revenue was not made up in that war the Govern ment might tout round and cive them >n extra squeeze of the land tax ; and he kn-w tn.y wuuld no: like that (No do.) He. fur une, would like to see the burden of taxation in that direction removed, ml no duubt to those who owned the broad acres the tat teemed an arduous and iniquitous one. Th< day was no doubt not for distant when Parlia ment would sea its way to take off this iniquitous tax on the broad acres of this «jlony—(cheers)—and he thought that when the tax was removed the colony would more than doubly reap the revenue that v derived at the present time. He need scarcely say that uothing would give him greater pleasure than to attend a ban quet at the opening of the line a little further on. He ventured to say th«t when the lines that had baen scheduled in the last Railway Bill were completed, this part of the colony would be fairly served. Mortlake would no doubt have iv railway before lonu, and he hoped tha day was not far distant when the railway then would be completed. As far v Parliament was concerned both Houses were working better together than they had done for some yean previously. The reform of the Upper House, which, it was thought by some, would result in its overthrow, had quite a contrary effect. Time had proved that iv effect was to bring ab-mt a truer friendship between both House* than had previously existed. There was a day, he was told, in tha history of the Legislature, when it was a moat extraordinary uene to see members of each House shaking hands. Now, however, when tbey were together, it was a matter of difficulty to select the membersof the Council from the Assembly. When tlut sort of feeling existed, it showed how pleasantly things were going on. In this district they had a country ■oath of them that wa», so to spmk, in a state of virginity. The people in thote parts, where roads were difficult to make and maintain, required what are called "ipur lines." He ventured to say that without thene little spur line*, the main lines would not pay as well as if they were constructed. There was a line between this very rich country and it* market, to which he would direct attention. Ballarat was looked upon a* being the market of Camperdown and this part of the country, v it would coat less to Rend cattle to it than U) Melbourne, and the shutter the distance stock were travelled by rail the better would be their condition wbeu they reached the market. To his mind the line that should be constructed was a line either from Camperdown or Terang to wards Fi»llnr»» He gave this broad bint because ha was aware there was a very strong feeling at the present time, and a little agitation, to cut it from Colac Now he felt that if they had that line from Colxc, it would not be of such a deep benefit to the country as if it started from Camrwrdown. He urged them strongly to continue the agitation for that line, and concluded by thanking them for the hearty manner in which the toast had been received. Mr. William Anderson, who, on rising, was greeted with long-continued applause, •aid he need nut tell them it afforded him very great pleasure to respond to the toast. Ha had anticipated bei»g a«y in South Australia, bat on consulting his gaiding star tbrongh life, her reply was "go to Tenng," »nd he had come, (laughter and applause.) He need scar cely »ay to them that Parliament was pretty much trhat the people made it, and he concurred with the hou. T. Dowling in sayina that the electors should tea that their representatives attended to their duties in Parliament. H*quite agreed with him that not only in the Upper House, but in the Lover House aa well, members were oftener absent than they should be. Speaking for his colleague and himself, he might say they bad attended to their duties inside as well as j outside of Parliament. They had often been disapoointed, it was true, and even in Terang they bad hoped that instead of the hall in which they were seated they would hare a pile of buildings, in which was comprised all the public offices- That bad been promised them, bnt the late Postmaster- General had happened to obtain a place for the port offic* chop. The Teraog ijH^sittM a*A saaakaA, tfc* aaUaa> twu own expense, and the total sum received ■ in State aid amounted only to £801 Professor Pearson had now seen it for himself, and if the matter ever cams before him he hoped he would ba ready to»ay, "give aid to them because they deserve ii.- He thought they would liave nsd something better than the present structure f..r the State school. The hon. W. M. K. Vale ba<l £ked him one day, when passiiie the ssliool on the ! e«ch, whether th« buildins; was a gaol or j a penitentiary. (Laughter.) When in formed »hal it was he said he would be , prepared to help all ho p >suibly could to < not *"i»ethins; more creditable to thi tmrn They raw that Campcrdown had ij..t something bett. r ihaa it previously had and he trusted they would bo able to suc ceed in getting a buildius fur Tirana that would be a credit t o it. The professor, in his address, referred to tho brilliant «rray «>f Ulent th*t th« Victorian Parliaments of the past could boast of. Everyone could endorse that sentiment. They had tent men to the Imperial Parliament, who had represented them here, and though they hail not the burning orators inthe°present Parliament as in d»ys gone by, they had earnest workers. What was required in a new country was some one to look after local nutters as well as to take part in the broad questions of the day. They had such a man in tho Premier, who could take a r.ady grasp of any question before him. The Premier was said to be a lazy man, but he ventured to say there was not a man worked harder than the ton Duncan Gillies at the present day. But in a new country with constantly changing interests, they required men well up and well able to deal with practical questions in a practical manner when called upon. He might instance in proof thereof the Terang railway. If the men at the time when the railway was first brought before Parliament h»d a little more local know ledge, this Black line would have been an accomplished fact years ago. If at that time their representatives had a broad grasp of the question, it would hare been a great deal better for the districl. The Black line hsd been delayed, and under the altered circumstances (the construction of the line from Ararat to Hamilton) it would he come little time now before it was completed. They now h»d threw sec tions of the BUck line approved, \iz., from Camperduwu to Terang, Terang to Mortlake, and Penshurst to Hamilton, and there was only a small missing link to be supplied to complete the chain. No doubt that missing link would be sup plied ; but in the forest country the people settled there required a helping hand. He knew what it was to go into th» primeval forest and hew oat n h<»m« '.here, tie knew wh*t it was to watch for and -juard against tho bushfire lest the fire should come down and sweep away what had been gathered together. He also knew what it was to protect the produce from the attacks of vermin and to travel the forest roads. He knew all thxt, a-id therefore could say ttut the people south of Teran^ and Caniperdown deserved their help and sympathy. They i-hou'd be hrlped whether in their agitation for rail ways, or for the construction uf roads. The speaker rrferred to the fact that time was rapidly advancing, and he wou'd thereforo conclude by simply thanking them very heartily for the cordial way in which they Uxd drunk " The Parliament of Victoru." (Loud cheers.) Sir. James Toohey, who met with a good reception, said he was truly grateful for having the opportunity of being present to take part iv this demonstration at tha opening of the line, as the fruits of the eSort* of his colleague and himself since they first went into Parliament. He »« very pleased indeed to bear his te-tiuwny to what the honorable the Minister of Education had said in refer ence t • Mr. Beut's action when Minister of Railways with regard to the Terang linn. X 1 man had rrspoudeJ more freely to their wishes, or entered into their feelings mom spo .taceouslr, than did Mr. Bant, and tha earl> construction of tho first section was nu dour.t due to the f*ct that it found a pUce in his Railway Con struction Bill. He anticipated that many present would like to hear & few wwrds from Mr. Bent, as they were always glad to hear p'oruineut members of Parliament, whether they were from the Ministerial or the OpiMsitiou aide of tho House. He would therefore give way in order tha: they might have a lung speech from tho lander of the Opposition. (Cheers.) The hoa. T. Bdnt was received with luud and long-continued upplanse. He said ho had simply come to rejoice with them and not to make a speech, and he said, "rejoice and be exceeding glad." With, regard to some statements which had bean made, especially by the gentle man who proposed the tout of the Ministry, he was certainly sorry to say thai the gentleman had no right to take his motto, ** peace, progress and pros perity," a phrase of which be waa the author, and attribute it to the present Ministry. Peace, progreesand prosperity, he would again repeat, to fair Victoria. Whether sitting iv Opposition or on the Ministerial beuches, he would join in P=*J>nS proper compliment to Profensor Praraon. He would join iv saying that parliamentary government was the proper government fur this colony. When be was put out of office last it bad resulted to his advantage ; but when the proper time c tine to take the responsibili ties, he would not avoid them, and would endeavor to undeitato thtni with credit and satisfaction to himself. He did not come there iv the character of leader of th« Opposition ; it would be very much out of placd for him to do so. But he came there that day for the purpose of paying his testimony to thu extension of the great railway system of the colony. What thought the; now of the term "octopus bill" which had been applied to the Railway Bill introduced by himsslf? That bill had since proved to b» a proper thin;; to do. It waa not the " octopus" it was allowed to be, but a go->d practical measure. He was pleased he had lived to see this section opened that day, and he rejoiced with them in having accom plished that fact. He waa not at all jealous of the praite that h«d been be stowed on the present Ministry, as many of the members had been hi* colleagues in pa.it governments. Ha had been travell ing ai a Mmister of the Crown with the professor, who was then a private member, aud the latter had loyally drunk the toast of the Ministry. He wa« therefore pleased that day to join in drinking the toast of 'The Ministry." He was a native of th» country, an Australian, and he gloried in the position. He was not only proud of the natives, but was proud of the pioneers who opened op the vast resources of the country. He was glad to think that Mr. Shaw had proposed the toast of '•The Parliament" iusucha happy man ner as he had done. Mr. Shaw having been a candidate himself for parliamentary honors, he sympathises with candidates bectuse be knows full well the difficulties a candidate has to undergo. How much more difficult the position of a mem i>er must be, when he is keenly watch-d, anil when an independent race criticise* his acts, and criticises them sometimes in the rerr strongest and straightest terms that could be used. If Mr. Shaw could speak of sympathy for his failures, what would be the cas« if he held tho positiou he (the rpeiker)occupied, rie hid been a member of Parliament for fifteen years, and he was now sitting in the cold shades of opposition, listening to the ap P lau«e be st<!*ed upon the Ministry. But though in that opposition he was not going to criticise the arts of the Ministry. Such procedure would be very ill- timed and wrong on his pat. He would not say one word against a naan in his own house, and such waa the position he took the Minister to bsj in that day. Kvaa a ■■«■■■■«* ttwpMfti*** to**** i that be came hero to sharpen his pencil to take the speech of the leader of tho opposi tion.- He did uot quite put his tongue to his cheek; but he now said that that he was not there in that capacity, but simply as a fiiend of some people j n the district, and of the Parliamentary representatives. He would now say, after having been out of office for some years, that in drawing out his railway measure he was not assisted by any officer in the department, but ho scheduled every line himself without regard to political consideration. He »chedu!ed only what he considered to be of the most importance, always keeping in view Him fact, that any day the people wanted to t-ll the lines they could ijet pound f-r pound for what had been laid •»»*-, Ho had travelled over the whole uf the country with Messrs. Anderson and Toohey, and he would vow romind those gentlemen that when he told them what he wanted to put into the bill they admitted they could not have done it better themseWoX He drew out that bill honestly and fairly, always keeping in view that it was not from politic il considerations, but from a due regard for the vast resources of the district, and to the fact that the genera tion t<> ciime would have to pay the inter est on the cost He was pleased that the present Ministry had followed in the same tracks. He certainly could not object when these gentlemen had followed thu very lines laid down by himself. He could see the under current, however, of a tittle jealousy here, and as this was to be a day of rejoicing he would conclude in the words with which he had com menced, thanking them heartily on his part for the hearty response to the toast of "Tho Parliament of Victoria. *" He hoped all the local references which had been .made would not be forgotten. He felt snre that members had not been asked to be present that day with the object of getting money from the state. Their object in taking the Minister of Public Instruction to the State school was simply to look at its architecture; simply to chow him a new design in this country equal to some of the grand temples that aro to be seen in India. And when Mr. Andernin spoke as he did of the Mechanics' hap, he simply wished to show the old adaita the good people of Terang were carrying out "Help yourselves and Heaven will help you" (Loud laughter.) They had been invited to the banquet to be drawn away from the smoky city. He would now con clude by thanking them for the response to the toast, and in his opening words would say "Rejoice aad be exceeding glad." (Cheers.) [ Mr. W. H. TTren, in response to con tinued calls, rose to reply. He thanked the committee for the invitation which had been extended to him to be present that day at the opening of the railway line. It w^s about four years ago since he first passed through the Terang district, in company with Mr. Daniel Mackinnon, and he could say that he had never been in a finer district in his life. In speaking to the hon. D. Gillies, he had told him only to come down and see the country, and it would not be long without a rail way. Mr. Bent's Rtilway Bill had been called the "octopu*," but he regretted that it did not have one arm more, and that was to inclnde the line from Camper down to Ballarat. (Applause.) If Mr. Bent had been able to go over the country lyins between those places the arm would not have been a small one; but one of the most important arnn of the "octopus." IVrhap. Mr. Bent might be able to hive a run over the country on his way back, and he would then be able to judge for himself. With reference to the Terang school when he saw it first he took it to be a gaol. The line from Terang to Mortlake would pass through some excellent country, and ho thought he would be long enough in Parliament to beat the opening ceremony. (AppUuse.) He liad f> express to them the opinion that there were no nvre care ful or capable workers than their repre sentatives, Messrs. Anderson and Toobey. He might claim to be «ne of the mem bers who was generally in his placo in Parliament, and he always saw that these gentlemen were attentive w their duties in the House. There was another place about which they would be found, «nd that was the publicciffices, when there was any money going. Professor Pearson had made reference to the f.ct that they had to bear the burden of wealth in this dis trict and wait for the railway. If they were not to the fore inzetiiug the railway, they.were the first to get the ca»t oil car riages from Melbourne. He thought they should be allowed a better class of rolling stock on the Catnperduwn and Terang line, as they had the old rolling stock quite long enough now. He had again to thank them for the kind manner in which they bad proposed the toast of "The Parliament." Mr. J. J. Madden, the member for Bel fast, pointed oat that it was possible to hare too much of a good thin^, and acting oq this principle he would cut his remarks short. He might, however, aik the Minister of Education to remember that the line was going further on to Belfast, and he hoped Mr. Pearson would use his influence to have it proceeded with as early as possible. Another thing to which ha would refer waa the abolition of political patronage, by which great relief was afforded to members of Parliament. This burden of political patronage was as much as members could bear, at persons came to them day after day seeking ap pointments. If members hiul the power they would have persons entering the Rail way Department at thn rate of 10,000 a year. He hoped to meet all preseut again very shortly at a banquet a little further on. , The chairman read a telegram ha had just received from the hun. X. Bromell, apologising for non-attendance on account of an accident. Mr. H. P. Coy proposed "Tho Army and the Navy." The mover, in a speech of some length, referred to the steps that bad been taken by Government to place the colony in a thorough state of defence. He humorously mentioned. the circum stance of an enemy who obtained posses sion of our railway system at the cannou'a mouth, and who, on reaching the We»t ern district, would be so attracted by the beauties of the district, that he would be loth to leave it. The rifle dubs were an important branch of the defenco force, and he thought the Defenco Department should treat memhers better than thry had done in the past. They should be recognised as a part ef the defence force instead of allowing them to exist merely on sufferance. Rev. W. 31. SI. Alexander, responded. | He said he admired the ability and the success with which tha committee had carried out the arrangements of tha bin quet. The arrangements even in the matter of weather had been unequalled, and they conld not have b^en better suited in that respect. He had b*en called upon to respond to tho toait of the Army-and Xavy.or.as he would put it, the Navy and Army. He could claim connexion with the navy up to his father; all his fore fathers had gone to sea. His connexion with the volunteer force dated from 18CS and in those days they could not obtain • commission with a hup, step and a jump. In 1872 he was made a , lieutenant, and in 1875 a captain, and until he left head quarters he was an effective member of the defence force. This railway joined them on to the capital, and it would bring to them, he ha I no doubt, buaiiiru advantace>. They »houM us the railway mi every occasion, the house wife for her fowls, chick>n«, and e^g", and so on. Every individual should uiaku use of the railway, and he, or she. would find it was not only a good thing for tlia revenue of the colony, but also for their own pockeU. It bad also been pointed asAlhafcthanilwap tnmnrt > link in, the was completed, Melbourne could he reached in another manner. If there bo treachery in the camp, tho enemy,' by [ reizing the railway, could have access to Melbourne, and this railway, which hid been constructed for thoir own advance ment, would prove a aticfc with which to | break their o*n backs. He would be glad if the young men could see the necessity there was therefore of enrollm* them selves in the defence force. Ho "thought they should not attempt to run a ba'-y navy of their own. They mi-jlit man their gunboats and fortify alt their harbours ; but he maintained that the best defence would bo 10,000 Martini-tleiiry rifles in the colony, and 10,000 men that could use them. This would be better than the mounter puna at Queensclitf. If 2,000 of that number were Mounted Rifles, it would make an enemy seriously consider before landing any troops upon our shores at aIL{ /They might land, but they would never go away again. Ho therefore trusted that' the warm sentiments which had been expressed, would be followed up by many taking part in the movement for the defence of their country. This is the land of protnUo ; it is a laud worth hav ing, and a laud worth taking care of. He thought in the event of a war breaking out in the old country, there was nothing in distance that would prevent Germany or Russia from lauding here and taking possession of large quantities of their gold. He hoped the young men would unite themselves with tho rifle clubs and learn to shoot: One man whucould shoot was better than 50 men who could not. One marksman wa< worth 50 men that could not handle a rifle. In the volunteer force, out of every 100 men in a company, there were not 15 marksmen, but in Terang there were 25 marksmen, who were worth a whole battalion in gay uniform. If they joined tho defence, force they could begin with the rifle clubs, and after learning to shoot there was no reason why they should not form a company of some battalion here. For a young man to go into the ranks what better could he learu than to look boldly before him, stand upright, hold bis tongue, and , obey commands. He hoped many of them present would join tho local defence corps. Rev. S. Fraser proposed the next toast, that of "Tho Railway Department." He claimed for this toast that it wag the toast of the d^y, and for this reason, that it was not possible to have it drunk in Teraog before. The other toasts could be spoken to anywhere throughout th« British dominion. Referring to the fact that the Black Hoe h»d been thrown out by one voto, he thought sufficient emphasis had not been placed upon the fact that the vote was that of one of their own representatives! ,He inferred from that, that the electors should see'that their representatives attended their places in Parliament and did the right thing. The gentleman who voted as he did against the Black line had afterwards to sit on the stool of repentance, and he hoped the members present would take warning from this. : He regretted that the Minister and Commissioners" of Kail ways were unable to be present that day. He thought the meaning of their absenco was just this. They held tbemselvas to be the servants of the public, and as such they had the higher duties of State to attend to. He thought theirabsence also mcint that they had their own system of constructing the railways, from which there could be no departure. The Commis sioners had doubtleu done the right thing in staying at home, and he thought they were the right men in tho right place. For example Sir Henry Parkes came over the other day. from.,. New South Wales to consult the Commissinners on various matters The Argiu, the other day, had compared their works to the labors of Hercules. They had not troubled tho Commissioners with deputations from Terang, as they had from Warraatnbool. The only excitement was about the railway station, and when the. Commiaaionars inspected the placo they removed the site to what a good number considered to be the right place. He was clad that the Commissioners were going to build a large brick station and a refreshment room. They had a few wishes and desires as to what they would like to have done. For example they saw a number of people whu n-ere enpared in producing dairy produce. These per sons considered that the railway charges were too high, and they winted to have them reduced. He trusted this matter would be brought under the notice of the Commissioners. There was another important matter. The water in the lake was rapidly c«»ng down, and in order to help it apparently the Commission ers were going to bnild a forty thousand gallon tank. Seeing the water was going di.wn so. rapidly he thought something [ mnst ba done to fill the lake with water, and be hoped the Commissioners would help. There was still another matter to notice, viz., the inferior carriages placed on the line. They had fir.«t class carriages on this line which ranked as second class only on the Korth-eastern system. He hoped shortly to see the line carried on to Belfait and completed successfully. Mr. J. A. M'WUliao. proposed "The Health of the Contractors, Messrs. Walls, M'AUister and Stansmore." The mover thought it most be gratifying to those youn; men to hear on all sides the opinion that the line was faithfully constructed. More interest had been taken in the progress of the work than was generally the case, because the contractors were all local men, and personally known to them, whilst one of them was a native of the town. Referring^ the natives he thought it could now be seen that"they could hold their 6wii"ahywhere, v~even from building railways, to taking a seat in Parliament (Cheers.) Mr. Robert Walls suitably responded on behalf of the contractors. The toast of "The Pastoral and Agricul tural Interests" nas proposed at some length by Mr.' J. A. Webster. The pro puser said that the toaat which had been placed in his hands was a most important one. The pastoral interests had done a great deal for the colony. He spoke* as the sou of ons of the oldest pioneers of the district, his father, having done business with Mr.- Petor il'Arthur 43 years ago. Tim pattoral inteiesU had been heariy handicapped in the past, but he hoped it would nit be again. With regard to the present Ministry it does and did a great deal for the pastoral interests in restoring credit, peace and prosperity. The emi uence to -which Lha Roman Empire attained in the time of the Antonines was mainly attributable to the construction of roads and bridges, which were the means to an end, that end being agriculture. It had been well put in a pregnant sentence that ajriculture is the foundation of com merce, and the products of nature are the materials of art. The progress of agricul ; tnre «as interfered with by the discovery |of gold. From 1850 to 187G agriculture increased materially, and since the opera tion of the Selection Act it had extended enormously. Dunns the last few yeara wheat has been almost at a standstill, simply because the price was so low that it would hardly pay to cultivate it. He would suggest it as a very good thing, as a landlord, if instead of growing entirely wheat the farmers cultivated other things as well. In reference to the acta of the Ministry in promoting ajriculture, he might mention the Acts of 1883 and 1834, to establish agricultural colleges, to take <>lf the tax upon wire netting (to assist them in the tight with the rabbits); the ! act for entering into n contract with the Chauey Bros, and the Water Conserva tion Act. The last was oi initiated in the Ministry of which Mr. Bent was a mem ber. He would advise that the Govern ment should be aaked to secure some land m this district, so that the aoil could be readily would be thoroughly decided. He noticed during tho week that Mr. M'Lean, one of. the members fur, Gippsland, had naked for single electorates. In this d strict they »anted single electorates, and it was because they did not have them that the Black line was first lost. They all knew that the electors of Hampden had been continually outvoted by the mining electors of Beaufort, and Villiers and Heytesbury was overruled by the vote of the electors at Koroit. IF they could have • single electorate to include Caniperdowu, Terang and Alortlake, they w-uld haT« their views more thoroughly represented tlian hud been the case in the past. Mr. Be'it was a .member of the Govern ment, of which Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was the head, which brought in a bill at the end of the last session dealing with this matter. Let Mr. Bent now, as the dog to *atch the Ministry, see that such a bill is brought in at the proper time next session. He desired to ray that he was perfectly satisfied with Mr. Anderson's conduct in the House since his election. He (Mr. Webster) was at one time a candidate, but bud retired in Mr. Anderson's favor. As re gards Mr. Toohey he had always found him perfectly willing to co-operate in everything that would promote the wel fare of the district. He aould ask Mr. Mackinnon to respoud to tho toast for the pastoral interests, and Mr. W. Anderson on behalf of the agricultural interests the latter to follow his reply by proposing "Local Government". ■■-■-, Hr:D. Mackinnon was heartily received on rising to respoud. He felt very much at a loss as to what to say in reply to the roast which had been proposed by Mr. Webster. Although, pei baps, one of the 01-iest letideuts of the district, the art of public speaking bad not bi*en cultivated by him tho tame as the art <-f grazing or looking after sheep. There was no doubt that in the past, many hardship! had to he en | durel, still, ou looking back to the old \ times, he did so with a great amount of pleasure. In thuse times h« had bought cattle at £12 per head, and sold them as low in the Melbourne market as 20s so that be found, after struggling for ten years, he was no better off financially than when be landed. It was not all "beer and skittles", but plenty of hard work and little for it. Still, he looked back now upon those days with a great amount of pleasure. He would simply thank them for having proposed and responded to the »paits of the pastoral and agricultural interests so heartily. Mr. Win. Anderson thought it was a very good thine that they should couple the toasts of the agricultural and pastoral interests together, because, whatever may have been the case iv the past, for the future they go hand in hand. They now found that many of thoie who owned large holdings in this district were ready to lease or sell their estates in blocks, so that agriculture is now carried onside by sido with pastoral pursuits. One speaker had said, in tfiect, that it wai uot well t > have all their eggs in one basket. He held that agriculture was necessary to the successful carrying on of pastoral pursuits. The toast of "Local Govern ment " had been placed in his hands to propose. One of tho vary best pieces of legislation that aver took place in the colony of Victoria was the institution of local government, as it had done more to develop the latent resources of the colony than auy other act of Parliament. The people had, in the 6rat instance, to place their haada in their own pockets, and then be helped afterwards. Around Terang they had, by it, made roads which were second to none in any part of the colony. He had therefore to call upon them to drink " Success to Local Govern ment," and he would associate with it the name of the Mayor of Warruambool, Mr. Stephens. The Mayor of Warrnambool (Mr. 0. T. Stephens) said he was pleased to bd present that day and join with them in their rejoicings, and join as well in the rejoicings of the people of Warrnambool, in th«i openiu<! of the line to Terang. He rejoiced because the line was getting nearer their own town. Some reference had been niadb by a previous speaker to local jealousies, but he denied that anything of the kind existed. They worked very harmonious]}- one with the other in the WarrnaiubMol district, and the apparent jealousy existed more in imagination than anything else. Something had been said about the richness of the soil in this district being one of the causes of tbe delay in going on with the Black Hue. H* would point out, however, that this very richness of soil was oue nt tho greatest difficulties against which the western municipalities had to contend, as the quantity of produce to l<e carried over the thorough fares made it a difficult matter financially to keep them in proper repair. He trusted the Railwajs Commissioners would take the hiot, and would push on the early con struction of the line right through to Bel fast, a<i that the people of Warrnaraboul might soon have an opportunity <>f return ing the hospitalities he and the others bad that day received. (Applause.) The Mayor of Koroit (Mr. Crowe) also responded, and urged th« construction of the line t» Belfast in one section, so that Koroit might earlier have railway com munication. -The president of the Mbrtlakeshire Council (hon. T. Howling) responded, and referred to the promUe that had been made for the extension of the power* of the local bodies. He trusted that steps would be taken in this direction in order to relieve the tremendous amount of work devolving upon Ministers at the present day. ■ The present Government had given the municipalities power to construct tramways, and he hoped that proper advantage would ba taken of it. The chairman, at this stage, announced that there were several other toasts on die list: but the time for th» departure of the train wax near at hand, and the visitors were anxious to leave by it. The remain ing toasts would therefore be postponed until after their departure. Mr. James M'Keaa took that oppor tunity of thankinz the people at Terang for the magnificent reception accorded them. He regretted he could not have portraits taken of the scone before him and the surroundings, to send to his poor, suffering countrymen at home. ' The proceedings then terminated, and a departure /was made fur the railway.l station. At 4.30 p.m. the special train, containing the visitors from the east, drew away from the station. 