-SIE ^SAMUEL DAVENPORT, K.O.M.G. PUBLIC WELCOME IN THE TOWN HALL. 3\. puDuc welcome waa accorded to bir Samuel Davenport, K.C.M.G., and Lady Davenport oa their retain to the colony after their fcrin to England in tha Town Hall on Friday afternoon. Shortly after 2 o'clock the public began to arrive, and half an hour later the hall waa well filled. The audience waa a thoroughly representative one. and in cluded a large number of ladies, _ Sir He--ey AYERa, E..C.AT.G., President of the Legislative Council, was voted to the chair. He wa3 supported oa his right by Sir Samuel Davsnporfc, K.C.&.G-., Sir R. D. Roes (Speaker of the House of Assembly), Rev. VY. R. Fletcher, M.A, (Vica-Chancellor of the Adelaide University), Mr. J. H. Angas (President of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society), and the Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C, On hi3 left there were the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. £. T. Smith, ALB), the Treasurer (Hon. J. C. Bray), the Chief Secretary (Hon. D. Murray), Sir W. Milne, Sir Thomas JElder, and Brigadier General OVen. There were also present on the platform the Hon. S. Tomkinson, &LL.C;, Alderman Either, Messrs. A, Adamson, J. Formby, S. E. Minchin, J. W. Jones, A. T. Alag&rey;, EL C. Mais, R. L. Mestayer, T. Woranop, C. J. Coatea, and J. F. Conigrave, and among the audience we noticed the Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockbarn), the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. L. L. Earner), Hon. J. Crozier, M.L.C., Hon. A. B. Murray, M.L.C., Hon. E. E. Bright, M.L.C., Hon. H. Scott, M.L.O., Hon. W. C. Bait, M.L.G.1 Hon. R. C. Baker, M.L.C., Hon. A. Catt, M.P., Messrs. W. CaldweU, M.P., T. Scherk, M.P., F. Basedow, M.P., T. Burgoyne, M.P., J. C. F.- -Johnson, M.P., W. B. Rounse vell, M.P., Dean Marryat, Archdeacon Farr, Canon Andrews, Rev. J. MoBeau, Rev. J. B. Stephenson, Rev. A. T. Boa3, Rev. F. W. Cos, and others. Sir Samuel was received with cheera aa he ascended the plattorm. Professor Ive3 played two selections. Sir Hrasx said— Ladies and Gentlemen, I am not insensible to the honour you have conferred on me by voting me into the chair, although I deeply regret that the indisposi tion of Bis .Excellency the Governor renders it necessary to find a substitute for him on this occasion, because I know that for many reasons he would have been very glad to be present himself and have pre aided over the meeting to present Sir Samuel the address of welcome, and as a testimony of the high esteem in which Sir Samuel ia held by every one throughout the land from the highest to the humblest. To proceed with the business I will read a letter that 1 have received from the Private Secretary to His Excellency in refe rence to the Governor's absence :— ' Government House, Adelaide, February 4, 1887\. Dear Sir Henry — The Governor wishes me to say that he very much regrets his inability to attend the meeting this after noon in honour of Sir Samuel Davenport, but he haa not yet sufficiently recovered to enable him to go to town. His Excellency hopes that tha meeting will be a large and representative one, and a fitting expression on the part of the colonists of their appreciation of the great services which Sir Samuel Davenport has rendered to the colony as Executive Commissioner in London. —Believe me, yours truly, Evebakd Lempbisse, Private Secretary.' I have ateo received a telegram from the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Kennion) from Border Town, as follows : — ' Very sorry engagements in South-East pre vent my being able to joi= in the welcome to Sir Samuel and Lady Davenport. Please offer my congratulations on the extremely successful manner La which he has repre Eented the colony.' (Cheers.) Telegrams have also been received from Dr. Schom burgk, (who 13 absent through indisposition), Mr. Haekett, and Mr'.- Giddicg3, expressing regret at their non-attendance. The Secbsiaby (Mr. J. F. Conigrave) then read the following address : — 'To Sir Samuel Davenport, K.C.M.G., 'LL.D., &c;, &C.; 'Dear Sir Samuel— We the undersigned, individually and in our capacity as represen tatives, sincerely welcome you and Lady Davenport on your return to South Australia. Among the many valuable services which you have rendered to this country, we shall long remember your presence at ths Colonial and Indian Exhibition as our representative in charge of the South Australian Court with feelings of gratitude for the important assis tance you have afforded us by the general arrangement of the Court, by the display of our exhibits, by your ready and courteous response to the numerous enquiries respect ing the colony and the varied productions of our land, and by your skilful management of our affairs, all of which are well deserving the hearty acknowledgments of the colonists, whose thanks we now_ beg to offer you. In giving you this public welcome, and thus conveying to you the thanks of the coloniata generally for the well-timed help theyhave received from yon, we believe we are rightly interpreting the wishes of the community, who desire to express their high sense of their indebtedness to yoa for your valuable labours. We heartily congratulate you on the honour which Her Majesty the Queen ha ibeen pleased to bestow upon you by your promotion to the dignity of a Knight Commander of the moat distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, and we recog nise in this gracious acfcion of the Queen an acknowledgment oE ycur eminent servicea rendered to Her Majesty's subjects in this portion of the Empire, who, consider themselves honoured by your pre-~ ferment. We are glad to know that the ex tensive experience which you have gained in connection .with the holding of Exhibitions in various countries will be further utilized to our advantage by your, having accepted the office of- ftxecntive Commissioner of the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition. Trusting that you may -long, be spared to enjoy your well-earned honours and to pro mote the best interests of this province, towards whose development you ' have ; hitherto so largely contributed, '. ' We repeat our welcome and subscribe ourselves, ' W. C. F. BoBrssoji-, Governor, President of the South Australian Commission of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. MHekey Ayess, President of Legislative Councilj Vice-President of the South Australian Commission of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. 'J. W. Dowseb, Premier of South Aus tralia. . ' ? ' J. C. Bbat, Treasurer.^ 11 E. D. ? Ross, Speaker of the House of Assembly. 'E. T. SiiiTH, Mayor of Adelaide, and Vice-President of the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition. 'Thomas Woesxop, Town Clerk of Ade laide. ' A. Adamson, Vice-President of the Cham ber of Manufactures. 'Jomr Fobmby, Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce. II F. S. C. Dbiffield, Secretary of the Cham ber of Commerce, and President of the Horticultural and Floricultural Society. 11 J. H. Asgas, President of the Royal Agri cultural and Horticultural Society. = 11 C J. Coates, Secretary of the Agricultural Society, 'W. Roby Fletchek,- Vice-Chancellor of ? the Adelaid3 University. 'Thomas Eldeb, President of the Zoo logical and Geographical Societies. ' R. E. Mischkt, Director of the Zoological Society and Hon. Secretary of the S.A. : Society of Arts. ' J. W. Joses and A. T. Magabey, Joint Hon. Secretaries of the Royal Geo graphical Society of Australasia (South Australian Branch). 11 H. C. Mais, President of the Meteorological Society. ' C. Tobd, Membsr of Council of Eoyal Society. 'R. L. Mestayee, Vice-President and Mem ber of Council of RoyalSociety. ' H. T. Whittell, Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Public Library, &c.; ' R. Kay, General Director of tha rublic Librarv, &c.; ' R. ScHoiiBUBGK, Director of the Botanic Garden. ' S. V. Peey, Secretary of the South Aus tralian Commission of the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition. n Joss F. Cosigeate, Secretary of tha Chamber of Manufactures and the Ade laide Jubilee Exhibition. ' W. Hackett. Secretary of tha Horticul tural and Floricultural Society. ' Adelaide, February 4, 18S7.' The Chaibiia^— Ladies and_ Gentlemen, words can scarcely express the indebtedness of the colonist3 of South Australia to Sir Samuel Davenport for hi3 valuable assis tance in acting for us at tha Colonial and Indian Exhibition recently held in Lon don. (Cheers.) I can assure you, aa a mem ber or tha South Australian Commission, that the CoanriEsIoiiers felt much anxiety in their selection of a suitable representative for that occasion, inasmuch aa ior a consider able period IS waa not at all certain that we were able to secure the valuable assistance of Sir SamueL For some time he felt that he could scarcely, in justice to Ma own private affairs, leave South Australia for ho Ion 3 a period, hut he yielded to a Iittl3 persuasion, and when we got; Mm to consent act ifc was a great relief to as, because we felc tnat if ha was spared with good health hia presence and supervision would ensure for it whst has reEulted — eminent success. (Cheers.) Reference haa been properly made in this address to the Bervicas Sir Samuel has ren dered to us on former occasions in attending Exhibitions in various parts of the world. It only wants a few short months of ten years to the period when he returned from the Philadelphia Exhibition, and hia efforts on our behalf then were recognised in a manner never before displayed by his f ello w-colonista. They invited him to a banquet, wMch for the sake of convenience and space had to be held in the Exhibition Builaing, On that occasion the Chief Justice, as Acting Governor, presided, and as Chairman it was his duty to proposa the toast of the ' Health of the Guest of the Evening,' and in the course of an eloquent and graceful speech he said ha wa3 glad we had included in our many exMbits in America the grandest specimen of a South Australian colonist in the person of Sir Samuel Daven port. (Cheers.) That remark received the applause wMchyou have been pleased to give it to-day, and I think it may be repeated on thJB occasion with greater emphasis than on thatoccasion. (Loud cheers.) For whatever admiration our general exhibits have called forth in London I will venture to say itdidnot exceed the esteem in which our friend was held throughout the whole length and breadth of the land. Wherever he travelled he gamed golden opinions from all sorts of people; and we want no better evi dence of the estimation in which he was held in the old country than Mb return to us literally loaded with honours, including marks of distinction re ceived from Her Majesty the Qaeen, from the University of Oxford, from London Livery Companies, and others,- all in recognition of the courteous exhibition of the products of thisland,wMchhesowellandablyreprese_nted, Sir Samuel, the gentlemen who have signed this document are largely representative of the institutions of this country, and they believe that they have correctly interpreted the feelings of the colonists generally in invit ing you to this public welcome, and in presenting you with this address, which I now do in the name and on behalf of the colonists of South Australia. (Loud applause.) I congratulate you and Lady Davenport on your safe return to Adelaide in good health, andwish you every blessing which can attend your days, and trust that you may long be spared to enjoy the honours which you have eo deservedly received. (Loud cheers.) Professor Ives gave a selection on the organ, and was loudly applauded Sir Samuel Davektobt, who was received with loud applause, Baid Sir Henry Ayers, ladies, and gentlemen, and if you will allow me, I would include His Excel lency the Governor, though not present, and any others who have committed their signatures to this handsome document who are not able to be here, it ia very grati fying to my wife and mysslf that you have eo generously and so warmly welcomed ua back to the shores of the country in which we have lived for forty- three years. (Cheers.) It comforts us in the belief that at the end of that long period we may boa3t of possess ing many friends, and we beg you will accept our heartfelt thanks. Your generous appreciation of any services I have had_ the honour and pleasure to have engaged in as your representative at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and your assurance that in that work I have satisfied your expecta tions and those of the colonists generally, is to me a most happy issue ; for I regard the acquisition of your approval as one of the many blessings of my life, for wMch I may b8 deeply gratefuL In the achievement of that honourable position of this colony at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition which has gained your commendation, I cannot forget the acknowledgments due to other South Aus tralians in London whose services and con duct materially contributed to the result. I refer to Sir Arthur Blyth and Mr. Deering ; to our old friend and only surviving member of our first Land Commissioners, Mr. Montefiore ; to the Hons. H. B. T. Strang ways .and Alexander Hay; to Mr. King, no loDger left alive to us;; and to twojwell known Aldermenotthis city, volunteers in the good service, namely* the Hon.. Sanxuel Tom kinson, who ably represented us at many festive gatherings of town and country, and Mr. Kither,- who sent a bright ray of happi ness into the hearts of 1,000 of the children of the poor of the East End of London by pro viding them in sections. of 250 per day with passages to and from the Exhibition, and ieast3 of body and mind when there. (Cheers.) I was greatly assisted by Mr. H. J. Scptt, specially in the details of ? unpacking, setting up, and removals, in commercial matters, in correspondence, and in attention to visitors and enquirera; and I desire very gratefully to thank His Excellency the Governor, the Government, the Adelaide Executive Commissioners, and the Secretary for their confidence and sup port, and for their ready acquiescence ia demands made on them. To all these colonial sources, tributaries to success, you will, 1 am sure, most readily admit into the record of the ireeting here to-day that, aa colonists, we owe a lasting debt of gratitude to Her Ma jesty the Queen, who, in her zeal to show her gracious feeling towards the colonies, threw aside that comparative seclusion which clouds of domestic losses had long imposed as a barrier to attendance on occasions of great public gatherings, and, heading the emotional movement of the mother country towards the colonies, took the lead of people on that memorable day of welcome given them— tha opening day, the 4th of May. (Cheers.) On at least four subsequent occa sions did Her Majesty, at no small cost of per sonal exertion, visit and inspect the Exhibition in detail. Neither in justice nor honour would it be unblamable in me here to omit to notice tbe untiring exertions of H.R.H.the Prince of Wales in promotion of the Exhibi tion, and how warmly_ and uniformly on prominent 'public occasions he spoke of and advocated the interests of the colonies. In this, too. were eminent the public utterances of H.R.H. the Dake of Cambridge. Our grateful acknowledgments as a colony are due to the Royal Commissioners in England, including their Secretary, Sir Philip Cunliffe Owen, who was ever ready to assist us and, if practicable, meet our ' wants. Much pleasure was found for colonists and many opportunities given for difruain? a knowledge of the colonists and of the colonies by'tne arrangements for visit3 to the larger cities and historic country seats of Great Britain, under the guidance and greatly at the cost of a oranch of the Royal Com mission called 'The Reception Com mittee,' of which the Duke of Aber corn was . Chairman, and Sir Arthur Hodgson and General Burne Hon. Secretaries. I heartily appreciate your kind reference to the distinction graciously conferred by the Queen on ma as your representative. (Uheers.) Indeed, as a result of your favour, I return not unladen with spoils — not in.the ancient sense as returned to Rome the suc cessful General who had subdued enemies of the State and enriched it by added territo ries, and so entered the capital of his country displaying in imposing array the spoils of victories— the fruits of war— but by your favour I am here not unpossessed of some trophies of peace and goodwill. Of thase, in order of date, come th3 offer of freedom of the Worshipful Company of Ironmongers— , one of the most ancient guilds of London— presented on June 15. This led as a sequence to the grant of the freedom of the City of London. The gift was in these terms :— 'At a General Court of the Worshipful Company of Ironmongers, loth June, 1886— Moved by the Master (John Warran, Esq.), seconded by the Senior Warden (John N-icholl, Esq.), and carried unanimously — ' That in order to testify the high estimation in which- this Company holds the good rela tions existing between the United Kingdom and her colonies, and especially to commemo rate the opening of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in London, this Court doth desire to confer tha freedom of the Company upon Sir Samuel Davenport, Knight, a dis tinguished representative of the colony of South Australia.' ' The design generally of the casket may be considered original, although the cross strapping on the body ia somewhat similar to that on a well-known ancient plate chest belonging to the Cloth workers1 Company. The lid and handles are entirely orieinaL The character of their orna mentation may be considered as Renaissance. On tha lid ara She shields of arms and mottoes —on the left hand of the. Ironmongers* Com pany and on the right of the City of London. The scroll sMeldin the centre bears _ the following inscription :— ' This casket of iron, the handiwork of Liverymen of the Guild of the Mystery of Art of Ironmongers, London, waa presented together with the copy of his freedom to Sir Samuel Davenport, K.C.M.G., at a court held July ZL, 1886t in token of good fellowsMp with the colonies of the British Empire.' The little secret padlock is similar to a very old one belonging to the sealbox of tha Ironmongers' Company. The labour on the work was tedious, and necessarily required great care, as in tbe event of any mistake, it would have been difficult, if not impossible, to make rectification in wrought iron. Other metals such aa bronze, silver, &c;, are far easier to work. The snields are of repousse' work — that is, beaten up from the back, and then riveted on to the lid. The casket from first to last occupied about six weeks' labour of the various work men engaged upon it. The material ia en tirely charcoal wrought iron hammered into form. Thia waa considered the material most appropriate for the casket, the gift of the Ironmongers' Company. The casket was wholly designed by members of the firm of William Bailey & Sons, and manufactured by workmen in their employ. On June 13 came the presentation address of Hia Worship the Mayor of Leamington, and waa announced as follows : — 'The Reception Committee at a meeting held on June 17 came to the following resolution : —?With reference to a telegram received from the Mayor of Leataington, stating, that it was proposed to present an address to a leading colonial and a leading Indiaa repre sentative, and requesting the committee to furnish the names of two each gentleman, it. waa decided on the motion of Sir Daniel Cooper, seconded by Sir Owen Burne, that Sir Samuel Davenport bexeqaested to repre sent the colonies to receive the address at Leamington from the Mayor and Corpora tion.' ' This address was got up in the most magnificent style, and was presented to me on behalf of the colonies, while another corresponding one was handed on behalf of India to Sir Peter Lumaden, who had lately come down from tha Afghan frontier. (Cheers.) On June 26 the bestowal by the Queen, at the instance of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, of the honour of K C.M.G. This was communicated in a letter signed by the Prince himself, which read : — ' Marl borough House, Pall Mall, S.W., Jane 26, 1886\. Dear Sir Samuel Davenport — 1 have much satisfaction in acquainting you that the Queen at my instance has been pleased to approve of the honour of a K.C.M.G. being conferred upon you for the valuable servicea which you have rendered in connection with the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. I trust that thia an nouncement will be agreeable to you.— Believe me, truly yours, Albebt Edwabd P.' On July 5 a reception of colonists at Windsor Castle occurred, of wMch the following record was sent to me by the Lord Steward :— ' Board of Green Cloth, July 5, 1S86. The Queen waB pleased to receive to day at Windsor Castle the representatives of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition to whom invitations had been sent by Her Majesty's command through the Lord Steward. A special train conveyed Her Majesty's guests to Windsor from the Paddington Station of the Great Western Railroad, and reconveyed them to London in the evening. , . . Sonth Australia — Sir Arthur Blyth. K.C.M.G., C.B., Lady Blyth and Miss Blyth, Sir Samuel Davenport, K.C.M.G., Lady Davenport, and Miss Glen, Mr. Abxander Hay and Mra. Hay, Mr. Samuel Tomkinson, Mra. Tomkinson, and Misa Tomkinson.' On July 9 the honorary degree of LL.D. was, as a compliment to the colony, conferred by the University of Cambridge. For all these lam really indebted to you. Your natural enquiry of the ExMbition will be, what waa special about it, and what public good haa it done? Its character was so special that it will stand prominently out in history aa a new British departure, and a crowning event in the eventful reign of Her Majesty Qaeen Victoria. (Cheers.) It differed from all predecessors where seaborne exMbifcs could enter, because it waa not international, but imperially national — limited to British Bub jects, and these of India and the colonies only. Thia wa8 the spirit of its inception, and it was faithfully guarded and promoted from fiist to last of the ExMbition. The colonies and India alone were the guests of Great Britain. The mother country was specially to entertain ita children from beyond the seas. The family relationship was to be acknowledged and the family tie bound more securely. (Cheers.) Thus con sistently were we greeted at the opening day, midst Royalty with all its pomp and pageantry, and surrounded by 10,000 of a gay assemblage with the appropriate and touch ing domestic family song of ' Home, Sweet Home,' and further aa a summons to amity out of the ode for the day Britain's myriad voices all, Sons be welded each and all Into an Imperial whole— One with Britain, heart and soul. One life, one Sag, one fleet, one throne Britons, hold your own, And God guard all. Thia spirit of welcome home and attendant generous hospitality continued throughout the Exhibition, and was indulged in by all : classes in all grades of society, and in all directions. The same spirit survives, and is probably destined to introduce and solidify the binding materials of an ultimate Imperial federation. (Cheers.) Another speciality was that there was no trade rivalry intro duced,' nor Jury system of giying degrees of award. The object was to gain au unfettered : display of the nation's progress and develop ment of the colonies for the instruction of the people of Great Britain, a commemorative medal and the report of an expert on ex hibits to be substituted for rewards. In the sense of an instructive agency, I feel sure we must accord to the Exhibition great success. There were to be seen in juxtaposi tion varied displays of floriculture and horticulture from colonies in different zones -H)f magnificent timbers of great variety with excellent qualitiy. There were great diversities and large collections of mineral wealth from all quarters. There were collec tions of varied fruits and vegetables, teas, coffees, cocoas, &c;, winea, liqueurs,, ana spirits, and fresh and preserved meats. There were paintings and photographs of nature and art. There were representative members of different races of British subjects — Hindu, Mohammedan, Buddhists, Malay, Chinese, African, Eed Indian, Cypriote, &c.; (Cheers.) There were, further, very numerous and interesting ethnological modela. The dwel lings of different races and colonists were shown, from the bushman's hut to the Indian palace, the Burmese pavilion, Malay hut, Maori house, and Australian wurley. Special country trips of pleasure were organized by the Reception Com mittee to introduce colonists to country life, its cities, and historic struc tures, its industries and manufactures. The principal places visited were Oxford and Cambridge, Stratford-on-Avon, Canterbury, Chester and Norwich, Edinburgh and Glas gow, Dublin, Newcastle, Manchester, Birmingham, Plymouth, Bath, and Bristol. Sumptuous entertainments, profuse decora tions, crowded streets, vociferous cheers, warmest welcomes, presented the features of right royal progresses in these excursions. Military and naval reviews at Alderahot and Portsmouth were instituted for our interest, graced, I may say, by the crowning presence of Her Majesty the Queen, who thus gave special evidence of her . desire ' to entertain her colonial subjects. (Cheers.) We very very, much pleased at what we saw at Oxford,' where, of course, we expected to find some of ? the greatest literary lights, and ; a bed of concentrated knowledge not rarely ? to be found in. other parts of the globe ; but we were much amu&d; at a little incident that occurred when we went to receive the address from the University and Mayor of Oxford. As we passed from the railway station to the town through a crowd who surrounded us we heard one man say, 'Lord, Jim, I thought tbem was blackiellows, but they be white, joost like us' — (laughter)— thus showing that in the most enlightened locality on the face of the earth there are Btill Bpota of very lamentable weak ness as regards the colonies. Towards tho close of the Exhibition, through the action of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, Workmen's Clubs were established in the large towns— their Mayors and chief civic authorities co-operating— and cheapened railway convey ance being secured, hundreds of thousands of the poorer classes of Great Britain saw the Exhibition who could not have done so otherwise. All these agenciesywell con-' ceived and effectively set in motion— greatly assisted to draw public attention of all classes to the colonies, and to enlighten them in a knowledge of the nature of their lands and climates, and of the energy and enter prises of the populations of that Greater Britain which lies beyond the seas. On behalf of the Commission, if I may, and oa my own account, I would -greatly thank the exhibitors who contributed to the excel lencies of our court at the Exhibition. The general plan of our court was Bimple and in structive. It was Mstoric. It was realistic, and therefore more attractive. There was an effective illustration of a portion of South Australia as held by the aborigines ere we took possession. This consisted of a section of the.seacoast on our south — tha shore in habited by seals and sea-birds, penguins and gulls, and the inner waters of the adjoining lakes bypelicans, musk-duck, teaL and other birds. There waa a far-reaching sketch of the River Murray running into Lake Alex andrina, with its Mgher and timbered banks on the east side, and the lake plains, with scattered Bheaoaks here and there on ita surface, aa it faded away in the far distance behind a' neighbouring shepherd's hut. On. the water of the lake shore was a full-sized native in his bark boat spearing fish along the reedy margin. To bis right, inland, was a wurley occupied by a lubra and child, the hotter peering over the mother's shoulder at two dingo pups at play on the further side of the fire. Close by 13 the father iust arrived from the chase bringing 3 dead young kan garoo. On their left, a distance further at the edge of a patch of grasstrees^is a native making fire by friction of one stick oa the other. The ground about these figures is coated with grasses and shraba, among them a bush of the ' montrie,' some native apples wMch I had taken from the South-Ea3t sandhills in 1885, mullets, fibre flap taken from near Port Adelaide, and good-sized branches of stringybark, hollowed and black by bushfires, taken from Mount Lofty Hills, aided,, when stocked with stuffed opossums and birds, to give reality to the scene. Beneath, and_ ap proaching the shepherd's hut, waa & little planted ravine, with a gurgling stream of water down it, and a few animala sporting near. To this aboriginal scene _the hut, ?with ita flock of sheep hurdled close by, intro duced our own pastoral life — our first meana of occupying the country. The good display of wools was arranged in front of these, and Angora goals and caroela bounded that sec tion. Then came agriculture, garden, orchard, and vineyard produce, then manufactures of all deecnptionB, and finally timber, geologi cal and mineral collections. Meantime maps and paintings and photographs covered the lower walls, and well-designed representa tions of our special food productions, of soil, and climate the higher valla* space. Notably towards the merits of our displays ; nave we to thank Mr. Goyder for his maps, Dr. Schomborgk for his herbarium, the Hon. G. C, Hawker! or his seaweed, Mr. J. E. Brown for hia forestry, Mr. H. Y. Brown for his geological collection, Mr. Woods for his fruit transparency design, which under electricity at night was more attractive, if anything, than in daytime, and Mr. Spiller for his printing, bindine, and photographs— (Hear, hear} — the saddlery of Messrs. Colton & Co., the jewellery cases of Messrs. Wendt and Brunkhorst, the Aerated Bread Company's handsome trophy, the cereal collections of Professor distance, the fodder plants of the interior supplied by Sir Thomas Elder, the Mount Barker grasses of the Hon. John Dunn, the Commissioners' and others' collec tions of dried fruits, tha conspicuous structure stored with food produc tions of Messrs. McEwin, Hanton, Murray, Kither, Conrad, and others, the dyed wool of Messrs. Scnlork, and tanned leather and tanning, and Mr, Dixson'a tobacco, together with machinery and carriages, and others I cannot for space here enumerate, but they all command our hearty acknow ledgments as contributing to the effectiveness of the Exhibition. (Cheers.) ThankB, too, are truly due to our winemakers for tho general excellent character of their Bupplies. Beyond this my imperfect passing notice will Bhortly come the reports of experts on the several exMbits, whence 1 hope we shall gain instruction, encouragement, and profit. Dr. Cleland s silk and samples of paper from Mullet'a fibre (results of - the Exhibition) arejhere for inspection by] any . desiring it. Sir Henry, I have taken no note of the con cluding part of the handsome address you have presented me with— that having refe rence to the Adelaide Jubilee ExMbition. I can only say — and! should be a hard-hearted individual if I did not only say but feel that however feeble my servicea may be, my time will be devoted to the advancement of the Jubilee ExMbition. (Cheers.) I only hope that I may be able to be of some prac tical service, but the immensity of the work has already been done by yourselves. What is cheering ia that we have in London a strong influential committee. (Cheers.) Its President, the Duke of Cambridge, is one, as I have often heard him remark, who feels extreme interest in the progress of the British colonies, and the fact of having Sir Herbert Sandford as Secretary ia of immense advan tage, because he has nad long experience in connection with International Com missions. (Cheers.) He was Chairman of the Commission of the Philadelphia ExMbition in 1876, when he waa greatly esteemed by all Americans and British exhibitors. He waa at # Melbourne in connection with the ExMbition, and I fully believe that many of the exhibjtora who are coming here from Great Britain are coming because they know they have in Sir Herbert Sandford an honourable man, a business man, a man who will take care that their interests are attended to, and put them in such a position which they are justly entitled to claim from any man who assumes to be their representative. (Cheers.) I firmly believe that the number of exMbitora from Great Britain and Continental countries will be all that we can desire. ' We have to bear In mind that we could not venture on laying such a wide basis to our International ExMbition as has been laid in respect of Sydney and Melbourne ExMbitiona, inas much as our population ia less, and we have been tinder a great disadvantage of late from the unfortunate position in wMch the mass of our staple producta have been placed through decreased values, and the fact that we have passed through bad seasons, (Hear, hear.) It ia wise, I think, not to throw on you extreme expense, because much money ; might be thrown away to induce exMbitora to come here with a class of gooda of no use to ub, and which would require a great deal of expense to shield from the weather. For that reason, we have been very- guarded in respect, of the: goods to be admitted, while at the sarnie time we expect to hold a very; ; instructive and useful ExMbition. (Cheers). At the call of the Chaibman, the audience, rose en masse, and gave three cheers for Sir Samuel and also forLady Davenport. - Sir Samuel — I am very grateful to you for including my wife. She ia an old co-worker in harness with mvself. The Tbeasitbkb (the Hon. J. C. Bray) had a short resolution to propose, wMch he was sure would meet with their hearty support. While he deeply regretted the absence of His Excellency— who he aa one of the mem bers of the Commission here knew h&dfrom; the first taken amoBt active interest in the representaticn of this colony in London at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition— he felt sure they must all derive some satisfaction from the fact that they had been able to secure as a substitute so accomplished a Chairman as Sir Henry Ayers. (Cheers.) He felt satisfied that no one could more pro perly have expressed the feelings of those who signed the address, or more properly have expressed their feelings than Sir Henry Ayers had done on that occasion. He there fore had much pleasure in proposing—' That the hearty thanks of thia meeting be accorded Sir Henry Ayers for presiding on thia occasion.' (Cheers.) Sir iRosebt Ross (Speaker of the House of Assembly) seconded the motion. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.), in submitting the motion, said that in meeting there that afternoon to do honour to Sir Samuel, he was sure that they were dis charging a duty not only to themselves, but to the city in which they lived. (Cheera.) They had also present Mr. H. J. Scott— who had juBt arrived— who had assisted Sir Samuel in the good work he had done at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. . jHe gave them on behalf of th& citizens of Adelaide a heaity welcome home. (Cheers.) A letter had appeared in the Register two or three day 8 since referring to the services .their friend the Secretary (Mr. J. F. Cqni ' grave) had rendered the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. As one who had worked on that Commission for the last twelve months, and one who was now engaged with Mm in con nection with our own Jubilee ExMbition, 'which we hoped to hold during the coming year, and aa a promoter, he bore testimony to the value of the servicea he had rendered, and promised that the year would not close without some recognition being made of the services he had rendered. (Cheers.) He was sure they would agree with him that their thanks were due to Sir Henry Ayera for presiding on that occasion. (Cheers). The resolution was carried with enthu siasm. Sir Henry. Ayebs, in returning thanks, eaid it was a great source of pleasure to Mm to assist in any way in recog nising the valuable services done to the colony by Sir Samuel Davenport not only in connection with the ExMbition but every thing connected with the good of South Aus tralia. It had been his pleasure to know Sir Samuel from the very earliest period of hia coming to the colony, and he could truth fully say that he had always acted as a true patriot by working incessantly and ' un selfishly for the good of the country. (Loud applause.) At the call of the Matob the audience- rose and gave three cheera for Sir Samuel Daven port and another for Lady Davenport. Sir .Samuel thanked them, and the proceedings were terminated by the playing of the National Anthem. 