LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. TflE LAND : A NEW FKBTILIZER. .j'J ? NO. VIII. Sie, — In my ram'des across country I crossed a run of 100,000 acres— a fair type of many similar — carrying 10,000 sheep, or 1 in 10. Were, say, 20,000 acres of this run 'selected for improvement and 20s. per acre expended towafds increasing its carrying capabilities, I do not hesitate to say. that this one-fifth wouldwithin four ypars yield a larger nett profit tc the owner than the whole, does at present, notwithstanding that the rent payable by the lessee is under one farthing per acre ! Land lying idle, as this Colony's is, renders it: dependent upon others, keeps it poor, in reputation as in means— its occupiers arid people alike poor! It is a correct type of that ' wicked and slothful servant ' who hid his Lord's talent in the earth, and, like him, has well nigh got to perdition. ? The .natural grasses upon Crown Iand3 are not only deprived of the moisture and nutriment that go to support the life of the timber, blackboy, or scrub, as the case may be, but even the shadow of thete robs the plant of the sweetening and invigorating influences of sun and climate. ' But this 13 not all. Travelling somewhat late one evening. I had any reveries disturbed by a distant low crackling noise, which I soon' found to be an approaching bush-fire. To tha right and to the left, far as the eye could scan, there was nought save the lurid glare through an atmosphere of smoke ; nigher, and still more nigh, it came rushing on. Retreat was impossible, and I was only too glad wheu I escaped from the fire into the ' outer darkness 'beyond, and on mentioning the matter ta my kind nose was as&omsueu; to nna tnai; wuau l had imagined a great loss he esteemed quite the reverse, and I was still more sur prised on being informed that the country was purpostly fired every alternate, year or so 'to n ake the grass grow.' In other pails/ when, the groun 1 b i. 6m js cumbered with the debris of killed and fatlen timber, it-is of co'urs 3 burned off, but once for all. ' To niake the grass grow ' there artificial stimulants are applied to impart lost vigour to the soil, and many such there are, but it. seems as if i; had been decreed for Western Australia to discover the ferliliz ino' virfcnns nf r-Yin.vr-nn.l n.nri Virimst-nnf» nnil give them practical effect. As agents for increasing the natural capabilities of the country these are at once inexpensive, easily applied, and congenial to the raste3 and instincts of the settlers, «;rt;at and small. A very little conversation sufficed to show me that my friend was an enthusi astic believer in the efficiency of bush-firds, but for which he declared the colony would ' go to the dogs ! ' I suggested in vain I'lUlU OUU11 lllCP, UUU. UUWUbLUUUUiC lllCS, burned up evew roob and blade of all the more tender aud nutritious grasses, whose roots ieea upon tne aeeayea iire-sustaining vegetable matter that svccummulates on. the surface and reduced it to a mass of calcined powder, while what really demanded re moval or destruction — the tree, the black boys, or the scrub, were left unharaied ! After a brief cogitation my friend admitted that it was a curious thing that some kinds of grasses— which he explained and I recognised— had lately disappeared and he 'could not account for it!' These are precisely the bush grasses that are the sal vation of stock and mainstay of the stock owner, while worthless plants have put in appearance in theirgstead, and possibly were my friend, on arriving home some evening, to find his home a charred and smouldering mass, he might possibly have some difficulty to determine as to whether fire or water had been at work ! CENSORIOUS. Perth, June 8, 1887. 