Intercolonial Pastoral News. NEW SOUTH WALES. —Rain more or less heavy has fallen during the post week over nearly the whole of the colony. On the north-east coast and at Yass the rains were particularly heavy, and resulted in the local rivers being excessively flooded. From a pastoral point of view thoso rains will do muoh good in replenishing dams and tanks, and in some localities even causing a young growth of grass among the old and dry stalks. The rains extended quite to Bourke on the Upper Darling, but Southern Riverina still reports hot and dry weather. Among the stock movements reported officially and in local papers we find tho follow ing of interest to Queensland owners:— Bourke (22nd), 270 fat bullocks from Rosebank Hill, Douglas owner, to Melbourne. Eungorrio, 300 fat bullocks, Owangowan to Dubbo, Watkins owner ; 1000 store bullocks, from Peak Downs to Albury, M'May, Rolfo, and Co., owners; 200 fat bullocks, Maldon Hills to Bathurst, Palmer, owner; 280 fat bullocks, Inniskillen to Sydney, Sly, owner. Coonamble (20th).—There are now passing, Adombagolong station from Tinenboro, about 600 store bullocks, going south, James Tyson owner; 10,000 ewes, Pestwood and Wilds, Gradgery station, yesterday, going to Queens land, via Coonamble and Walgett, Harm and Halloran owners, Holloron in charge. There are now approaching here 8000 ewes ond 200 rams, going to Queensland, via Walgett, Harm and Hodnett owners, Flanagan in charge. Gundagai (24th), 300 fat bullocks from Queensland to Melbourne, owner's name not stated. Nundle, 25th 500 bullocks, from Queensland for Muswellbrook, Mr. Keys, owner; 354 bullocks, from Queensland for Muswellbrook, Mr. Irving, owner; 700 bul locks, from Texas station, Queensland, Mr. Csulfield in charge; this lot were in grand order; 1200 bullocks, from Queensland for Muswellbrook, Mr. Bowman, owner; this party lost 80 from pleuro on the journey here. Parkes, 215t.—300 store bullocks, Queensland to Forbes, Forester and Newcomen, owners; 18th, 6600 wethers, Roto to Walhallow, Queensland, Harm and Halloran, owners. Wagga Wagga, 23rd.—323 bullocks and cows, Comongin South to Albury, C. M'Lean, owner. Victoria..—Fine and hot weather has pro railed of late. As regards the grazing prospects, a local paper remarks that the splendid growth of grass, the result of the November rains, created hopes of an abundant supply all through the summer and autumn, but complaints are now general everywhere regarding its rapid disappearance owing to the ravages of the grasshoppers, caterpillars, and bush-fires. Unless a good rainfall occur early in this month landowners will be compelled to oonsiderably lessen the number of their stock. Water, however, is plentiful in all parts of the oolony. The Chief Inspector of Stock has received intimation of a disease having broken out among the cattle in the neighbourhood of Portland, resembling the " rickets," whioh ia believed to arise from weakness of bone. A veterinary surgeon has been sent to report upon it. South Austrai—v.—Uniformly hot weather has been the rule. This has been favourable for harvesting operations but trying to the grass. The fatal disease whioh broke out a few weeks ago among the horses at Silverton, New South Wales, has now crossed the border into South Australia, appearing only among car riers' teams. Veterinary men are undecided as to what it is but call it typhoid, though a post-mortem lately made by Dr. Thomson, under the inspection of Mr. Crommelin, Inspector of Stock, pointed topneumonia, but most of the vital organs were found to be in a bad state. Arrangements for erecting a vermin-proof fence on tho border between South Australia and Victoria are almost completed. The fence will extend from the 36th parallel to the north east oorner of the Hundred of Binnum, and will cost between £2000 and £3000. The Government water-boring party, which has been so successful in striking artesian water in the North, are about nutting down an ex- Krimental bore in the older rook of the Mount argaret Range. Hitherto all the successful bores have been in cretaceous formation. The quantity of wool sold in Adelaide from October up to 14th January amounted to 38,386 bales, being about 3000 increase upon the pre vious year. 