MELBOURNE. (frost, o or own correspondent.) Thursday. 01 r Dow, the acting Olimater of Water Supply, was to-day< interviewed by Mr Brown, M.L.A., auc^a deputation from the Echuca council, illative to the consti tution of a Rochester Irrigation Trust. It appears there are no funds available under the old Act, but, upon the council under taking to lodge an application under the new Act, the Minister promised them every assistance in his power. The land over which the body seek jurisdiction consists of over 60,00# acres of the best country on the Campaspe river, near Rochester. It is estimated that the scheme will require?- £25,000 to com plete. Complaints as to the unfairness of local bodies in expending the revenue obtained from one part of the corporation upon another, without allowing a quid pro quo, are not uncommon, but few com pare with the case submitted to- day to the Minister of Public Works from a deputation representative of the Mandu rang riding of the Strathfieldsaye shire. The deputation complained that not one fifth of the money raised in this riding was expended within it, the remainder being unfairly distributed on the other two ridings. They endorsed their complaint with facts and figures, and so impressed Mr Nimmo that he promised to send Mr Morkham, the head of the roads and bridges branoh, to enquire into the matter. The typhoid list at the Central Board of Health to-day included five fatal cases, two of which occurred at St.,j Arnaud, and one each at South Brighton,;: Banyena, and Pootscray. - Sir •; other cases have been reported, one of which i3 at Clunes, one at Majorca, two " at Benalla, and one each at Mitcham and Balmoral. ■ A deputation was to-day introduced to the Minister of Lands by Dr. Quick, M.L.A., to ask that a piece of land in the vicinity of Sandhurst, where the clay is suitable for the manufacture of fire bricks, might be licensed or leased to two gentlemen "who wished to start the fire-brick making industry. A sample of bricks which they had manu factured had been reported on very favo rably by Mr Cosmo Newbery. Mr Dow supplied the applicants with a plan, on which they could plot and • point out the exact piece of land required, and promised to do all he legally could to facilitate them in their enterprise. On the 0th March a special excur sion train will be despatched from Mel bourne to Dimboola, and • will return on the following day. .Tickets will bo available for one month both ways from the date of issue. At the fortieth half-yearly meeting of the Commercial Bank, held to-day, dividend at the rate of 12b per cent, per annum was declared, and £20,000 added to the reserve fund. A young man named John W. Gordon was committed for trial at the City Police Court this morning for forging a cheque, purporting to bo drawn in the name of Canon Vance, with intent to defraud his landlady. The following tenders for firewood have been accepted by the Railway Commissioners :— 200 tons, Warrackna beal, S3 per ton, Murdoch Rae ; 200 tons, Myrtleford, 5s 3d per ton, Charles Bruin; 100 tons, Kiata, 12s, Alfred Taylor ; 100 | tons, Mirvan Pirano, 7s 3d per ton,: R. Heihrington. For the purchase of. coal screenings at Ararat and Maryborough, the tenders of J. Tynan, and Stamp, Son | and Simon were accepted. The second experimental railway trip from Ballarat to Geelong was much more successful than the first, 317. persons having been carried, as against 56 who I journeyed before. The revenue was : £23 4s, as against £1116s received previously. The commissioners have come to the con clusion that they will be justified in run- J ning these special trains regularly, on alternate Saturdays, from Melbourne and Ballarai; to Geelong. A train will run from Melbourne on Saturday, and on the | following Saturday from Ballarat. Between bushfires, locusts, and drought, sheep are having a bad time of it, and the ] railway returns show that 35,000 have i been carried by rail to the different markets. The rush of supplies has brought | prices down, and I hear that sheep have been sold down to 4s per dozen for stores. In the case of Marshall against the Opera House Company, the law point | reserved has boen decided by the Full Court in favor of the plaintiff. This I ruling is important, because it affects a number of other claims against the com pany. These have, I learn, all been compromised, but the cost to the com pany will probably tot up to something like £1000. Judge Cope is making very good pro gress with an extremely heavy calendar, and he reduced the list by about four cases to-day, which is probably more than any other judge would have accomplished. Amongst the prisoners whose trials ter minated adversely to them was the notorious Kate M'Evoy, who upon this occasion took the name of Grace. She had assisted two men, named Daniel Thomson and Edward Fitzgerald, to rob a man named Enrico Botti, in Russell street, at night, and all three were con victed, Grace, or M'Evoy, had four previous convictions against her, and she got two years, as also did Fitzgerald, who had three previous convictions, whilst Thompson was awarded two years. The threo ehuckled at their sentenaes. Gaol is too good for some people. Ballarat will soon get its repairing sheds. The difficulty between the Parade Company, the owners of the site, and the ] department was satisfactorily settled, and also a question of title. This paved the way for the calling for preliminary j tenders, which were dealt with to-day. They were for earthworks, fencing, and general preparation of the site, and the lowest tender proved to be that of Mr I Michael Gleesoi, at £5297 lis 4d, which was accepted. There is an old man about Melbourne, named Tommy Jones, who has been up considerably over one hundred times for | drunkenness, but at Footscray there is a lady of similar surname'who owns to 70 convictions, so that Tommy Jones is in some danger of losing the record. There was the usual after-the-holidays rush of applications for probate and admi nistration in the Equity Court to-day, and Judge Cope had a busy morning of it. The value of the estates ranged from £500 up to over £85,000. Compulsory sequestrations were also | more numerous than usual; The indivi duals against whom -rules, absolute were made were thejollowing :—John Henry I EiBh,' .of .Castlemaine, . school master John Molamphy, of Shepparton, retired farmer; Joseph Bretherton, of Romsey, farmer ; Thomas Fuggle, of Dunolly, j draper ; Edwin George Sim, of Toorak, builder ; John Charles Vincent Hanlon, of Bessiebelle. cattle dealer ; Alexander | Lumsden, of Hopkins Point, near "VVarr nambool, farmer. Amongst recent inventions is a walking ;ick so formed as to contain liquid, which an be squirted out on touching a spring. Vhen the liquor is of a harmless cha- , acter the individual upon whom the trick 1 practised Buffers nothing more than a jmporary smart; even should the eye be he point of attack, but last evening a oung lady, whilst walking along Flinders treet, bad somethingBquirted into hep. face which temporarily blinded her, and caused her intense pain. An oculist, who examined her eye, found cayenne pepper and other substances under the lid. Unfortunately she could not see who did it, but it is to be hoped that anyono who witnessed the scoundrelly action will not hesitate about coming forward to secure the punishment of the perpetrators of it. The affairs of the German Evangelistic Society again came before the public to day. Yesterday proceedings were taken against the Rev". H. W. Axthelm to deprive him of his position, and to-day that gentleman, together with Henry William Bistenpart, sued one Joseph Ware in the County Court for the re covery of rent. In cross-examination to day Mr Axthelm said he did not know whether he had been expelled in America. The action ended in acting-Judge Wyatt nonsuiting the plaintiffs. The sale of coffee, when combined with more solid materials and sleeping accom modation, may now be considered a profitable business. At the half-yearly meeting of the Victoria coffee palace to day it was Bhown that the profits had amounted to £5627 2s 7d net. This would have admitted of 20 per cent, dividend, but the directors were satisfied with one-half that amount, supple menting the reserve and other funds with the balance. Several draught horses, imported by Messrs James M'Ewan and Co., arrived by the steamer Australasian from England to-day. As tlielvessel did not leave fly mouth until Christmas eve, she has made a rather smart ;run. The Potosi, which ' took her departure one day later than the -Australasian, has not arrived yet, but her letters and papers came to hand overland from Adelaide this morning. The following tenders were announced at the Public Works department to-day:— Victorian defences, supply of 1000 casks Portland cement, J. M'Ewan and Co., £568 15s ; additions and alterations to State school, Marong, Coombes Bros., £585; construction of two-gun battery, Warrnambool, W. G. Priddle, £1825 ; forming, metalling, etc., on Opper Yarra road, Warburton, E. J. Buffer, £497 10s. 