BERRIGAN _ . SATUBDAT, January 8. (FBOM A COBRESPOKDENT.) Harvesting is pretty well OTer ia this neighborhood, and the wheat in bags Over a dozen stoppers have been busy for the last month, and their work is now over for this season. The crops on the whole turned out letter than was expected, and while some paddocks yielded nine bag6 to the acre, others ran as low as four. Some crops having been sown very lae, will account for low yields. The average yield for the distnct is estimated at about seven bigs to the acre Some 1000 bags of wheat are lyinj about in the paddocks waning for transport; to Jerilderie, whera a large quantity of it will fe absorbed bv J the local millers. An agitation is on foot here, and petitions extensively signed, praying for a reduction in the rates for carnage of grain. ] Farmers are considerably handicapped by thelong distance grain has to travel to market, anc it is but to that the same consideration shouldibe extended to them as to the woolgrower. j Mr. Charles UpniU has disposed & his property here, containing 1280 acres, to MrJl. DalelS an adjoining landholder, at a good figure Mr! W L ^ b leased M ° r - Sharp's property! \- P .' ee l dence amotgst us, Mr! i& e m h izfJr ded try huiott - e * A bushfire broke out on 6th inst. in a wheat field belonging to Mr. Cameron, ^sed^tis supposed, by some loose matches beiteS„„ra! From the crop it spread into th- X S Baroogarun, and as a strong norWt 3 :zt h i2 m z,r d day V H^ss aDout 12 noon—nothing could bt done to stop or keep the fire within bounds wtTu had swept clear across the run to withinIro miW Tocumwal, some20 miles from whenkwar^T in less than five hours. Ou the 7d t ' t S afresh in a north- westerlv through Nash's pnSStoto tt'' ^ pa8S m f away towards the Munay Hut 5 L ^ - ^ there cannot be destroyed, besides fencing, etc. Mr. Sugden loses the whole of his grass over 4000 acres; Messrs, Howard, Egan, and Nash are also heavy losers. t It is to be feared that the worst is not over yet, as there is no appearance of a change, and should hot weather with high winds continue, no one can say what the end may be. 