LATE LOVE. . By C. E. D. 'Oh, do leave me alone Johnm, you hurt d rue,' said Edith Graham, petulantly to her husband. They were walking-up and down the veran dah, and he, in his love, had put his arm a round her to press her closer to his side. ' Hurt you, my child-wife ? What a great clumsy brute I am ! I forget what a fragile little fairy it is, when I'press her. Come here, my pet, and see- how tenderly I will kiss i you.' And John Graham held out his arms I with a face full of love for his wife, ' I don't want your kisses, and I hate yon John.' And her temper for the moment dis torted the pretty face he was so fond of. 'Hate me so soon, a.nd we have been only Tnarried a month, Edith,' said John Graham c reproachfully, his face flushing with surprise and annoyance at this unexpectd outburst of feeling. 'I cannot help it. 1 hated you when we were married, and l haire alwayshated you since.' 'Then what did ,you marry me for ? he .asked, naturally. ' Oh, because I was poor, and mamma said I must go out as a governess if I would not marry you, and I hate teaching.' ' And so you married me for the sake of a home ?' he said, looking sternly at her. ' Was that it,? Answer me !' be said, catch ing her hands as she tried to go away, half frightened of the storm she had raised. 'Yes, I suppose so,' she said, trying vainly to release her hands. Then his wrath burst out upon her cower ing head. • What right had you to deceive me like that ?' he cried, fiercely. 'When 1 met you and loved you, and asked you to be my wife, I wanted a loving, tender-hearted woman, to make my life blessed by joining hers to it; not a cold, false, mercenary girl, who would pretend to care for me for what I could give her. Don't you know, child, what a man's love is like? it would have been far more merciful to have killed me at once than to have led me on with false hopes and then to dash my happiness to the ground and break my heart like this. Oh, my child-wife,' he cried, put ting his arms round her again, 'tell me you did not mean what you said, Say you love me a little. My love for you is a part of myself, and so strong that surely it must call forth a little in return. Kiss me, darling, that I may know it was only a bad dream, and forget it.' I do not love you, John, I never did,'she answered, drawing away from his embrace. 'Then God help us, child.' And John strode away in the darkening evening, leav ing her all alone with no very pleasant thoughts She sat down on the verandah, feeling almost stunned at the suddenness with which her petulant words had changed a loving, tender husband into an angry heart-broken maln. And a heart-broken, miserable man he was as he walked mile after mile along the road -be cared not where to--with his brain on fire and his heart beating angrily and tumul tuously. It was such a cruel blow. His little child-wife-his bride of a month-on whom he had lavished all the wealth of his love, and he was a man who did nothing by halves. When he loved he loved with all his heart; and when he hated it was no light anger to be easily turned aside. This quiet little girl, whose coldnesss and want of love he had mistaken for shyness, and loved her all the better for it, now assured him it was not only want of love but positively hatred. She hated him, and told him so without mercy or pity. Three months before, when John Graham was on a visit to Melbourne, he met Edith Cornish, and fell in love with her sweet face at once, and when he went home again, al though he had only met her a few times, he wrote and asked her to marry him. For he was a man who made up his mind quickly, and was impatient to settle a thing at once when he had decided on it. In due time came a prettily worded, mo dest little reply, accepting his offer. Wild with delight, he hurried back to Melbourne, as soon as he could get away, to see his dar ling and make arrangements for a speedy wedding. Unfortunately, he did not know how Mrs Cornish, who was a worldly-minded woman, had had to work and manaeuvre to gain her end. Mrs Oornish was doing, what many people do, living beyond her income. She had been left a widow with a moderate in come and a family of six growing children, and being an ambitious woman, fond of show and good living, soon got hopelessly in debt. The worthy squatter seemed to come like a godsend to her, when he fell in love with and proposed to her eldest daughter. True he was much older than Edith for she was eighteen, and he five and thirty, but she made nothing of a small difficulty like that. At first Edith declared that nothing on earth would induce her to have him ;he was old and ugly and too rough, she said, and, like a prudent woman, her mother let her have her own way for a day or two, watching I the letters carefully to see that no refusal was sent. Then she reminded Edith how rich he.was, and how wretchedly poor they were, and how much she could do for her sisters if she were married to him. 'Why, there is not a girl in Melbourne who woeld not jump at the chance, child,' she declared, positively. At length, tiuding great persuasion of no use, she urged her in more emphatic terms, giving her a clearer insight into their affairs, and declaring that they would be absoiutely ruined if they did not get some help. ' And then1 Edith, there will be nothing for it but for you to go out as a governess, \- for I'm sure I can't keep you.' At last, for the constant dropping will wear away a stone, she consented to marry e John Graham, rather than bravely and honestly face the ills of poverty. So the Smother composed the modest little note of acceptance, and Edith copied it, feeling very s much injured all the time at having to marry 1a man she did not care for.' e She never for a moment thought that he was the one who was wronged, that unless she could give love for love she had no right to acc,'pt him; at all events, she ought to \- have told him that she did not love him, and then he could have pleased himself whether he would take her on those terms or not. But he never dreamed of such a thing, n poor fellow, and when he came hurrying t] down to meet his lady-love, he thought her J shy, diffident manner just perfection. Her mother took care not to leave them s alone often, and was very affectionate and J attentive to him, to hide any deficiency on b Edith's part. d 'Thank goodness, John,' she would declare 'Edith is not like most girls of the period, 1, ready to display her love, and throw herself J into a man's arms before all the world. She has a little of the modesty, hbless her i tht. r girls used to have in my young days.' To which John cordially assented; vowing to himself that his darling was quite as a modest and sweet as even her great:grand- c mother could have been, and, according to old ladies, girls must have been very proper I indeed then, not knowing anything of the t wicked art of flirting, subn is ive ,wives,and disciplinarian mothers, who never heard or thought of women's rights. : / The day before the wedding l rspCoriishb contrived to arrange a t.ci-d-te.,wiith;John Graham.. I give you my greatest 'treasure, John,' she said, plaintively. '1 only .is!h I could I give you a fortune with her, .butthtis .is outI of my power. Some day, perhapsr.I will tell you my diffculties, and ask your advice, for 1 I have no husband or son but little Charlie to help me.' Little Charlie was then about ten years old,so he wasnot likely to be of much use I for some years to come. 'Indeed, I know Edith's value, and appre ciate her as much as you could wish, and I have plenty of money and to spare,' said John 1 cordially, ' and my dear, Mrs Cornish, I shall feel proud if you will trust me with your confidence now, treat me as you would your son, as I shall be, please God, by this time to-morrow. Anything that concerns Edith's mother will always be a matter of interest to me.' So the widow told him her tale-of money badly invested, of dividends overdue, and of increasing expenses as the children grew older. 'It's a terrible responsibility to be left alone to bring up a family like mine, John. The education alone is enough for to weigh one down, but I could not deny them the advantage of being brought up as ladies and gentlemen, and Edith, I am sure, you willb find as accomplished and well-informed as nine girls out of ten.' So the conference ended in John Graham writing out a substantial cheque, the cash for which was soon snugly ensconced in Mrs Cornish's pocket, the only stipulation being that Edith was not to know anything at all about it. Now, when he thought it all over, he saw how he. had been deceived, and very bitter was his anger against Mrs Cornish for duping him so completely, and loud and deep were the maledictions he bestowed on that lady for her sharp practice. H?is anger towards his wife soon changed into pity, for he could see clearly now that she had been coerced into marrying him by her mother, and she was too young to know the wrong she was doing. 'Fancy a child like Edith being tied for life to a rough, middle-aged man like me. SPoor little child-wife, 1 am afraid you have made a bad bargain.' Then he went' almost wild with despair as he thought that perhaps in'a year or two she would meet a younger and more attractive man whom she would love; perhaps even now she was pining in -secret for some ipenniless man, whom she loved but could not afford to marry. The very thought was madness. The next morning, when Edith came in to breakfast, she was relieved to fid: her hus band waiting for her, as,usual,,? for she had. Sbeen decidedly uneasy at his very long ab sence. He greeted her quietly and even dheerfully, and did not allude to their disturbing conver sation of last night. They were expecting visitors on that day to come and stay with them for a few weeks -Edith's two ,younger ,sisters and two Scousins of John Graham's--so Edith would be happy with her young companions; and as for him, well, he had decided to go his own way, and to interfere as little as possible with her. He could only excuse himself on the plea of business, and if he were not happy well, what matter as long as she was conten ted. He was an unselfish.man, this great rough John Graham, and could put himself on one \- side altogeth6r to secure the well-leing 'of his wife. . Edith had libelled. him when:she, called him old and ugly.' He was five-and-thirty years old, and a tall, well-built man, with a z kindly, sensible face, that no one could call Sugly, and those who loved him found it very Sgood-looking. SHe had decided in his long, night's vigil that if his wife could not be happy. ?iith him a that she should return to herhome, when her s sisters went back ;'and be would give heran: income that would enable her to livre ?iell at r home. S For the present he would say nothing but Ssimply watch her, and then decide what would be best. , The visitors, bright, jolly girls, arrived in v due time, and soon transformed the place e with their frolics and mirth. How Edith had longed for this time, it e had been so dlull, this long month spent along ,' with her husband; but, somehow, it was not greatly so pleasant as she had expected. o John was too busy to be much with them, b, ut that could not have been a trouble to , her, for she hated him. Yes. there was no y doubt about that, she was certain, for it irritated and annoyed her to hear the girl's constant regrets that Cousin John could not ;, join themn in their rides and drives. He listened quietly to their entreaties with II an aching heart, for the only voice he had y longed to hear was silent; so, with a sigh, d he would return to his work, and leave her e to be happy in her own way. f Maud and Mable Cornish were happy, y careless schoolgirls, who never forone moment v saw the breach between the husband and his wife. e They only saw that Edith had every com s fort and luxury that she could wish for, and t every wish indulged by her husband, and for o themselves they were only too glad to escape d from the schoolroom and the sumall economies r of home. Jessie and Maggie Graham were older and tl more discerning, and often wondered what tl theshadow was that had fallen over Cousin i John., . ' If only Cousin Mary was here, John, we t( should have nothing left to wish for,' said ai Jessie with a sigh of contentment as she sank h back into a comfortable chair, after a long day's pleasure. if 'Yes, God bless her, the place scarcely h looks like home without her gentle face,' said a John, heartily- a TI suppose she went away so that Edith a might take'undisturbed possession of her doe b minion,', Maggie remarked . . . I Edith rose up and left the room hurriedly, r and muttering, impatiently to herself as she closed thedoor : . .Mary," Mary,. always Cousin Mary. 1 believe John would rather have her here 1 than ine, and I wish .that he could have her.' I Buit she didn't though. i The, truth of the matter was that the t green-eyed inonsterjealousy, was taking pos- 1 session ,of this foolish, little woman, and making her perfectly miserable.' She knew i that Mary Macdonald had been John's house- i keeper for the last ten years, but she was too proud to ask. anything more about her, and i had looked so impatient and annoyed when ( John began to.talk-about her,. that he desis- i ted, trusting to Cousin Mary's sweet influence winning his own little wife's heart when they s met. The weather now was intensely hot, and i as Edith grew pale and listless, John attri bated it to the heat, and suggested that she 1 should return with her sisters to Melbourne i for a couple of months, so that the worst of the summer might be over, never doubting l for a moment thrt she would be only too glad 'to' escape the monotony of being alone with him again. Her sisters were wild with delight at the plan, but Edith demurred a little at first. What would become of thehousekeeping if she went away for so long. 'Do not let that trouble you, dear, Mary will come back and look after things for me,' I said John, kindly. And her lips were sealed at once. ' I would not agree to that, if I were you, Edith,' said Maggie, laughing. Cousin Mary will spoil John utterly ; he has it all his own way when she is here.' Edith answered with a short, uneasy, laugh, and then, excusing herself, hurried away from the sound of girlish chatter and laughter, which had lately became so discor dant to her. And then what a storm of jealousy raged in her foolish little heart. Yes, it was only too plain that John cared i more for this cousin Mary than he did for I her. Well, let her come; she was too proud to stay where she was not wanted. Soshe made her arrangements with an as sumed gaiety that completely deceived poor John, for he was a simple, honest fellow, and quite unable to cope with the little ways and artifices a woman practises. To him, when a woman laughed she was happy, and I he never dreamt of the storm that was rag ing in Edith's heart. So she left her husband's home, only two months after she had first entered it, with a jealous, aching heart, too proud to throw her self into his arms and say, 'Let me stay with you, John, dear, I shall soon learn to love you.' Indeed, she had learned the lesson already, only she did not know it. And as he held her tohis heart, and kissed her, per haps for the last time, he smiled and spoke cheerfully, that she might not know what a t miserable broken-hearted man she was leav iag. Two months passed-of hard work to the solitary husband; for, although he was weal thy, he worked as hard as any.of his men, Sand one round of gaiety to the truant wife. \- John hadgiven her a cheque to spend on her I. visit that most women would have thought a \- handsome allowance for a year, and her mother was only too glad of the chance of taking her about. But she complained that \- Edith was most unsatisfactory, she seemed to enjoy nothing. All the sweet had turned to bitter. .While she; was dancing to the strains of' some bewitching waltz, .and carrying on a Smild firtation with a handsome partner, her 1 thoughts would go back to. L-, and she Swould wonder what John was doing. Most Slikely he was asleep, for 'they keep early i hours in the country, or perhaps he was read-1 ing to cousin Mary, or Mary was singing to. \- him. No doubt he was far happier without her, and, with a stifled sigh, she would, with Sa more engaging smile, and gay remark, con Stinue the flirtation. s It had been an unusually long, dry season, eerything was pining and withering for a I shower of rain, the grass was burnt brown, g and the flowers hung their heads and drooped: a sadly. It was bad enough in town, bat in Sthe country it was far worse; the sheep were y dying by thousands, ruining by their loss many a wealthy man,. There were bush fires i everywhere, each day bringing news of fresh a disasters. r Ohe morning Mrs Cornish and her dauglh- i a ters were sitting over their' late breakfast, t when Edith suddenly startid up, saying, ex citedly, ' I must go home to-day, mamnmla, by t. the first:train>; where's the time table i'. t ' Good gracious, Edith ! what's the mnatte'r? cried Mrs Cornish, in astonishment, picking n up the newspaper Edith had dropped, think e ing that John Graham was dead at the very least. i 'A bush'fire has proken out at L--, and g 1 must go house. John will be burned to death-. I know he will' she answered, wring . I ing.her hands and rushing everywhere to i, look for the mislaid time table. a "' What nonsense, child; as if you could o do any good. You would be only in the way Lt and John would be angry; so, of course, you 's must stay where you are,' said Mrs Cornish, rt in a tone of authority; but she had lost con trol of her married daughter, and found, to h her surprise, that she could be equally deter d mined when she chose. So in a few hours u, Edith was on her way back. r What an interminable journey it seemed, and how slowly they seemed to travel. Now r, that she was fairly on the way,she knew how t eagerly she had longed to return, only she is had been too proud to say so, and John had not asked her.' \- At last, after marny hours, she reached d the end of the journey; at least as far as', r the train would take her, but she had many e more miles to drive, so she went to the hotel i s to get aconveyance. 'Lord love you, Mrs Graham. What will : the boss say to your coming home now ? Why the country's all afire, ma'am round your way,' said the landlord in surprise. ' I know it is, Mr Barrett, but it cannot touch our house, for it is thoroughly ckea-red! all round for a long way. and I must get home,' she answered. 'It's far too near to o?: confortabl,-. low, if you'll take my advice, like a good lady,' he said coaxingly, ' you'll stay where you are, and I'll send some one to tell the boss you are here. Why, here's Carrotty Jim,' he said, 'as a fiery-headed young man rode a bare-backed steed in haste along the road. He's come from your place, and can take a. message back' Carroty Jim galloped up fast, and, not noticing Edith, shouted : I say, Barrett, here's a pretty go, the boss. has been out since yesterday, andl we're afraid he's got burned to death.' Then his eyesfell, on Edith's white face, and he sheepishly touched his hat to her in a rough, sympathetic way. ' Don't take on so, missus, perhaps the boss is all right; we're going to, search for him any way. ' Oh. Jim, Jim, what shallI 1 do ' Take me home quickly that I may look for him. Oh, John ! my darling ! have I come too. late !' They saddled a horse for her quickly,. and she stuarted off with Carrotty ,irmn What a. ride this was ! Mile after mile through a rough bush track ; fortunately the fire had, not reached this side of L - yet, but. unless the rain came quickly, it would be all, in flamres by to-morrow. There was no doubt now whether she loved John, she felt that she could have. cheerfully laid down. her life for him. Alh ! hers was.late love, but was it too late ? ' Courage, missus, we'll he there soon. now, take it a bit easier,' urged Jim. Oh, no Jim, I must hurry, or I shall die," and they urged their panting, foaming horses, on for another half hour. Home at last! Edith dropped off her horse, and staggered indoors to the dining- room, and then fell fainting on the floor. When she opened her eyes she saw a gentle faced little woman bending over her, with an anxious look on her face, as she fanned her gently. Yes, she had a sweet, gentle face, her pure soul shining through her loving patient's eyes,. but Edith saw,. to her astonish mnet, that she was a cripple-the poor- back. was all crooked and distorted. ' Who are you I' she asked, faintly. n I 'mCousin Mary, dear.. Do you feel: better now ? Poor child;. you are quite worn: out.' 'You, Cousin 3Mary ?' said Edith wonder ingly. 'Why, I thought you were young and pretty, and r have been. so. jealous of you.' And her secret all came out. ' Jealous of me, my dear ? Didn'b John. tell you ":hat a poor little thing I am: ?. andl I atm more. than, forty, she said,. somewhat. I surprised. ' Nol he told me you were sweet and.pretty,. and so. you. are Cousin Mary,' said. Edith, throwing her arms round her ieck. L 'But, oh, Mary, where's John ?' and she \- burst into a passion of tears. They sat there till it was dark,. and in, :that time of trouble the two women learnedl to learn and confide in each other. The s moon rose, and still they sat there anxious. and terrified,, waiting for tidings of the miss Sing one. One-after another the- men came in. unsuc \- cessfnl, till there was no one but Carrotty Jim, and it was nearly niidlnight when they Sheard his voice. -' IHurrah, missus,' he cried, bursting into the room, 'here's the boss, safe and sound except for a, broken leg ;' and almost carried r John in and laid him on the sofa. ' Edlith, lly dear,' he said, faintly, as. she r flew to his side;. 'i am sorry to give you. f all this trouble.' t 'Oh, my darling, John, thank God you o are safe. I should have died if anything had: Shappened to you.' This from the wife who had hated him I f He took her in his arms mechanically, for Sshe threw hersulf there,.but hle was too much, r astonished to speak. S' Call1 me. your ' cliid-wife,' John, that I t may kmnow you have forgiven, me,' she whis pered, ' G'od bless you, my child-wife: Do you, really love me T' he asked. t 'Better than my life,. John.' Then hlie held. her to his heart in tight. \- emhlrac., but, strange to-say, she did not corn- plain of his roughness, but positively seemed' , to like it. alie had. gone the day before to a neighbo'lr? 1 house, teL miles ,away, who was i: dl;anger l. of being burned out, to offler him and his. a family shelter, and in coming backl had e slippendand brokenlL his leg. For twetty-four s hours he had. lain there, until Carrotty JimL s found him. ii That night the much prayed for rain caine, saving many a home for destruction. When John got well again, Cousir Mary \- proposed leaving themn,, but Edith declared she couldlf t get ont without her.. y Johb-n Graham is the h-tppiest of men now, the two wormen spoiling him to their hearts V content. g: Edith c' en thantks God that when her \- love canme it was not too late. S Roumania is fortifyi,:g rapidly under the Ssupervision of Germtan otfficers. An effobrt is atout to be made to enIorer the German law against duelling. STihe new Thames tunnel is to be worke Sby cables, on the American plan, wi American carriages. The Indian Gorvernment h:.a arranged a scheme for tihe complete and systemnat botanical survey of that country. Large anmounts of money are being seu Sfrom Vienna, Berlin, and Paris to Londc I for safekeeping in the event of war. The new Municipal Council of Paris - contain tea Revolutiomiists and fourte I Moderates, a decided gain for the former. 1 lEnormous sums of m)oney are bei collected throughout Ce:r?umy for the p pose of propagating the Protestant faith India. d At a New England dairy show there said to be on exhibition a machine wl i produces butter in two minutes. Printed mnd publishedl by the proprietor Tw HI rNT, at the otffice, Sydney street, Kilh SCounty of Dailiotsic, Colhny of Victuria. 