ARTHUR LANDON, THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. BY ANGUS MACLEAN. Author of " Harry Bloomfield etc." CHAPTER I. BLACK THURSDAY. It was on the morning of that memorable day which holds such a conspicuous position in the annals of Victorian history -" Black Thursday "- that a young horseman emerged from the Plenty ranges, shaping his course towards the lower, and settled portion of the upper Plenty. The heat even at that early hour became almost intolerable. The blazing sun which was partly enveloped in the clouds of smoke issuing from the bush fire, cast a terrible hue of purple over the scorched and dreary landscape. Not a living thing could be seen or heard ; even the noisy parakeet held its shrill and discordant chirrup, and the kangaroo took refuge in the shady scrub, to doze away the awful oppression which weighed on the face of nature. The young bushman who we are about to introduce to the reader, and who, apparently had weathered many a scorching ray - judging by the tanned colour of his skin \- manifested some uneasiness at the unusuall appearance of the heavens ; for he constantly cast a searching glance at the burning sun, and also at the fires raging behind, which drove him out into the open country. His age might be about seventeen ; his complexion was dark, probably by exposure to an Australian sun ; for that portion of his skin which had been covered, or shaded, appeared white and delicate as a female's. His hair, eyebrows, and the slight beard which covered his upper lip, were black. His eyes \- which were slightly shaded - were dark, and moat expressive. His mouth was well shaped, with thin lips, showing great firmness for his years ; he had a straight, but short nose, and a nicely-rounded chin. His figure appeared rather slight round the waist ; but the shoulders were remarkably broad for his age, with long arms ; in short, all his limbs were well knit, and his whole person set forth a perfect type of Australian rough- rider and thorough bushman, for it appeared manifest to an experienced eye that he waa perfectly "at home" in his saddle. He rode one of those wiry and hardy horses which his district - Maneroo - has been so famed for producing - horses which were unequaled for endurance and courage. The young bushman waa clothed in cord, strapped pants, a red Crimean shirt ; Napoleón, or riding boots, a tweed jacket strapped before him on the saddle, with a cabbage-tree hat on his well-formed head. A large stock-whip hung in coils from the side of his saddle, while he rode slowly along with that ambling pace peculiar to stockmen while in search of cattle ; but even at that slow pace, the young rider seemed anxious and puzzled at the quantity of perspiration which poured from the flanks of his hardy steed. He occasionally laid his palm on each side to ascertain the cause, and also drew the drooping ears through his fingers another feature which gave him uneasiness concerning his trusty nag, lest it should ' knockup ' before he gained his destination ; but he waa too good a judge to believe that his morning's ride could cause such exhaustion in the animal. The intense oppression and the alarming state of the weather became every moment more apparent. The hot winds blew in terrific gusts, sweeping away in whirling clouds dried leaves and dust, while the sun became overcast with mountains of impenetrable smoke from the numerous bush-fires which continually sprang up in fresh parts, producing a gloom which threatened to extinguish the light of day. The horse, which had before manifested such fatigue, gave a sudden bound that almost unseated its experienced rider, who, on balancing and steadying himself again in the saddle, turned bis head round to ascertain the cause of the unaccountable freak of his nag. He saw to his horror the flames of the bush- fires speeding after him at a fearful rate, and the burning leaves (one of which alighted on the horse's hind-quarter) showering around him like fire- flakes. There was no necessity to spur his horse onwards, for the animal instinctively comprehended the peril which threatened them, and flew away at a furious pace, bounding and snorting at every fresh spark which fell on its hide. The dangerous situation in which the rider found himself placed brought forth all his judgment and experience in averting the raging element ; but to his consternation he beheld, fresh fires springing up all around him through the rimming leaves and grasses which were borne away on the whirlwinds. The clouds of smoke and ashes in which he was enveloped prevented him from seeing any distance ahead ; but at last some indications of habitations being in the vicinity became evident, for he perceived some children flying across his path in great terror towards a farmhouse a distance to one aide. At this moment he beheld a little girl of about six years old, who had seemingly been left behind by her more speedy and older companions, running round in the same spot, with her little hands covering her eyes, in order to shade them from the smoke and ashes, while she cried pitifully after the retreating fugitives. Seeing her perilous and forlorn situation, the young horseman checked his flying steed with a sudden pull which almost brought it on its haunches and he sprang upon the ground, caught the child in his arms, vaulted into the saddle again, and rode off this time towards the farm ; unfortunately, he beheld to his disappointment, a strip of fire cutting him off, which compelled him to hold on bis original course in order to escape destruction. The child, who still held her eyes closed, instinctively buried her face in her protector's bosom, while her little arms wound round his waist. The young man at the same time held her with one arm before him on the saddle, while he guided and managed the horse with the other hand. They rode this way for a short distance, when the terrified and exhausted animal plunged into a long pond or water hole which stretched across their course. The young rider with his burden, quickly extricated himself from the saddle, and, after swimming a few strokes touched bottom, where he stood with the cold water up to his chest still holding the child in his arms. Tba horse, also, in finding such a cool element, stood still with the water up to his back, which protected him from the heat and fiery sparks. The child, who was first to speak after their sudden immersion exclaimed : " Where are we Mr. Whitford, is It the waterhole ?" " l am not Mr. Whitford my pet ; open your eyes and see," replied the young man, encouragingly. " I can't open them ; they are full of salt," pleaded the child, piteously rubbing the bitter ashes from them. " Wait, my dear, I will bathe them for you," added her preserver, bathing her pretty face, and manifesting as much skill in that benevolent operation as a XXXXX girl. After getting clear of the ashes which impeded ber vision, the child opened her large blue eyes and stared wonderingly in the young man's face, which waa close to her own ; when her pretty lips began to tremble and purse up, ominous signs - as he understood - of weeping, so he encouraged her in the following words : " Don't cry, child ; you know I saved you from the fire, which would burn you to death if I had not come the way." " Oh, so you did. I remember now ! The naughty boys left me behind when they saw the big fire coming ; but see, there it comes again." This was but too true. The young man turned his head around, and to his utmost consternation he saw the devouring flames coming towards them again. Their situation became awful in the extreme, there was no escaping the threatened danger, and even if the water should save them from actual scorching, the suffocating heat and smoke would deprive them of air to breathe. The child cried and coughed, exclaiming convulsively : " I am choked, I can't breathe ! while she gasped, as if in her last agonies, for the stifling smoke and ashes, with the scorching heat, became every moment more alarming. " Keep your head down in my shadow, and your mouth near the water," suggested the young man setting the example, which saved both from a terrible death, for generally a slight current of air floats over the water in these cases. Aa providence would ordain it also, or by a happy accident, a bend in the creek directed the course of the fire a few yards from the bank near them thus making their situation more hopeful, and raising the young man's courage. The sweeping hurricane hurried the flames past them with fearful velocity, devouring on its destructive course everything before it, and leaving on that terrible day many a family homeless and shelterless - and bereft of all their worldly effects. The little giri, who manifested extraordinary intelligence beyond her years, and who apparently understood perfectly the critical situation they were placed in, and the great obligations she stood in towards the stranger who saved ber life at the peril of his own, on suspecting now the greatest danger to be over, and breathing more freely, raised her head slowly, and, after cautioualy looking on both aides, whispered : - " Is the big fire all gone ?" " Yes, my dear. Providence has saved us," replied the young man. " But if it were not for you poor Nina would be burnt," added the child innocently. " That is true, Nina, but you must know that it was Providence sent me this way to save you." " And you were nearly lost yourself in saving me ? I suppose you could gallop away from the fire if you hadn't taken me !" " I might ; but that would be cruel, Nina." " You are very good, and mamma will be very happy and thankful to you for saving her poor Nina. I heard your heart praying, when my ear waa to your breast awhile ago." " Did you pray yourself, Nina ?" " Yes ; I do every morning and night, for mamma learnt me Iots of prayers." " That's a good little girl ; if you always say them, Providence will protect you the same as today." After the above conversation the young man, seeing all danger over, emerged with his wet burden from the watery element, and waded towards tba bank which escaped the fire, where he sat the child down. But her cramped limbs could not hold her up, so that she was obliged to sit down while her preserver led out of the water the sagacious animal which brought them to this place of safety. Mounting again, with the child in his lap, the horseman steered his way cautiously through the burnt ground towards the place where he knew the farm house stood, in order to deliver his young charge safely. He had, however, to pick his track, and evade many smouldering objects which imperilled the hoofs of his nag, lest the poor animal should suffer more injury from the fires which had nearly proved fatal to them that morning. On riding along little Nina gained more courage, and chatted away at a great rate, informing her deliverer that she was her mamma's only child, and that they were both staying at Mr. Whitford'a house. That Mr. Calder had a farm on the other side of the creek, and that Mr. Calder's boys took her away that morning to look for the cows, and, on seeing the bushfire coming, they ran away and left her. On reaching the farm, a frightful spectacle presented itself to the young man. The comfortable and snug establishment which, hour before, stood before him, had now a most deplorable and desolate aspect. Not a vestige of house, stacks, barn, or fence was to be seen, and the only traces of the snug dwelling which remained were the two brick chimneys, and confused heaps of smouldering debris, the remains of the improvements. Some men and children were walking and searching about the ruins, who on seeing the stranger ride towards them with the supposed perished Nina, flew to meet them with manifest joy. When the young man offered to deliver her up to them, she strongly objected, exclaiming eagerly : " No, no ! you take me yourself to my mumma, that she may thank you for saving her Nina !" Mr. Whitford, who now approached the stranger, suggested, since the child waa anxious to present the deliverer to her mother, that her wishes ought to be granted, and told the young man, as he had no place himself to invite the stranger to, and that the family and Nina's mother had been compelled to seek safety in Mr. Calder's house ( which escaped the conflagration ) he should ride over to his neighbour's house. The young man consented accordingly, and, on entering the house, a mournful scene presented itself to his eyes. Nina's mother, who, apparently, had been before in a delicate state of health, now, on supposing her fond and only child to have perished in the fire, fell into fits, which succeeded one another so closely that her life was almost despaired of. The little girl flew to her invalid mother's couch ; wound her arms round her neck, beseeching her to kiss her poor Nina. The voice of the child roused the mother at last, when the joyful intelligence was communicated to her which greatly relieved her sufferings ; but it was evident to those present that the shock her delicate frame had received would prove fatal. The young stranger looked on in mournful contemplation ; but on hearing the voice of the invalid, he gave a sudden start, which did not escape the kind eye of Mrs. Whitford. The mother, after the first effusion of affection towards her little child, and on hearing that the brave and gallant rescuer of her only daughter waa present, turned round, extending her delicate hand to him, and feebly exclaiming : " My brave youth, may Providence reward you for preserving my child," but her weak state would not permit her to say more. The young stranger took the feeble hand in his, and acknowledged her grateful remark in a few words, on hearing which she gave an involuntary start, saying : " That voice ! how very like !" the last of heer words were so Iow that no one present could make out their purport. The young stranger stood for a while lost in thought, looking abstractedly at the beautiful but frail image before him. The vital spark had almost deserted its frail tenement through the terrible experiences of that morning. The pale and hollow cheeks, the moistened brow, and the deep, sunken but brilliant eyes, were sad proofs of near dissolution. It waa now suggested that a person should start off at once for the nearest medical man, which, on hearing this, the stranger proposed ( as he himself was on his way to Melbourne ) that he should accomplish that object, which kind act every one present thanked him for. On taking leave, little Nina ran towards bim holding up her pretty face to receive his parting kiss ; when, with a sudden burst of uncontrollable affection he raised her in his arms and embraced ber fondly, while she wound her little arms round his neck, whispering in his ear : - " Will you pray for poor mamma ?" * I will, my dear. God protect you my poor child ! I may see you again." 