tlONUAO. (FSOM OOK OWN OdBUSPOKDEKT.) Febraory 7. xue wMtber during tbe "pdct wrek hu boen in Tsmarkuhle contnut to th&t; exptrimotd in the early part of the previous mouth. In tool, firei were in xraaera.1 use after nlxhtfeli. and I should imsrine under each conditions ire my expect A eneedv nf thn 1 annate Thau ' I«esu hare been with uc moos Christmas, snd toe damage sustained through tbeirdepredstieni has bwm soiaething enormous. On the burst ground, the young feed is nipped off by them as soon rs it Appears, and, in consequence, we are beginning to realise in a minor degree the suffer ing of the Egyptian in days nf yore. The fanners who suffered so severely from the recent fine are nuking good bead wsy with their fencing. Instead of the log end brush fences that were so commonly uaed previously, good, substanti >1 wire-fencingis in process ot erection, that will prevent & recurrence of similar loases in future ; another great benefit from the adop tion of this stile of fencing will be tost it pro vides no harbor for vermin, which were becom ing troublesome. Intbisdiitrictwesoffermore from hares than rabbits, as the latter found the ground too hard for burro wing, and lring belter in hollow logs and brush and log fencing were almost cleared out, the bush-fires having destroyed them in hundreds. An accident tbat occurred here last week hows the necessity for extreme care being takeu in dealing with phosphorus. This is largely used for rabbit destruction and on one farm some seven or eight pounds bad been ob tained for this purpose, which, for safe keeping, was submerged in an oil-can filled with water. Tbie wan placed in the centre of the garden on an uncultivated plot of ground, kept clear from wee is or other inflammable matter. During toe recent hot weather, the supply of water became h.nausted, and, as might be expected, the etuff if and blazed furiously for some toree- ouartiTfi of an hour, defying all attempt to ex- tu.ruish it. From the precautions takeu, no damage accrued, but if it had been stored in an out- bouse the consequences would, probably, have bren very serious ; eo those in toe habit of using this ingredient in the preparation of rab- bit poison will do well to be careful, as it ignites immediately on exposure to the atmoaphsre. The coo tractors for the drainage works at the Lake Oondah outlet inform me that they will finish the original contract by Wednesday next, <im« ten days in advaaoe of contract time ; tons placing themselves in the satisfactory position of being able to claim the bonus of £10 per day offered by the Public Works Department for every day under the specified date for its com pletion. Throughout the work has been carried on without a hitch and will prove profitable to all concerned. 1 may mention that the Ber. J. II. Stable, of the Aboriginal Station, baa conducted divine service on the works every Sabbath since their initiation, a labour of love on his part which is highly appreciated by the workmen, as many of them are preolnded by distance from spending their Sundays at their own homes. The seoond portion of toe work — the bridge aver the Mscarthur ford—was gHzotted last Friday, as tou anticipated, the tenders to be returnable in about a week, so it in evident the Government intend losing no time in pushing this important work while the weather is favorable. On Saturday evening there was a large gathering at the Myamyn Hotel, as several meeting had been advertised for that date. The first business was in connection with the ibsdkh fivamp Common. As you are already aware, at a meeting held the previous week, Messrs. IX Looker, J. Gurry, and J. Malseed enr. were selected bv the farmers to act as mauAgcrK of the common, and their names are to be submitted to the Portland Shire Council on Tuesdiy next (to-day) for approvaL To ex pedite matters, in view of the peculiar urgency of he case, these gentlemen called for applica tions for the position of herdsman, and on Saturday evening they were opened, when it was found that C. H. Rundell offered to do the work foT £2 10s per week, and Win. Malseed for £5 10s per week, be engaging to supply a eeoood man and horse. After discussion it wis decided to accept Rmidell's tender, subject to the ap proval of the Shire Council. At the same time ir was decided to apply to the managers of the Hotspur Common for a copy of their rule-, that they might be revised, altered or amended, if necessary, to suit the upecial re quirements of the looality. The three gentlemen already named were appointed a committee to deal with them, and submit them to a subsequent meeting for approval. It is hoped no difficulties will be thrown in the WAy of a e;»eedy settlement of this business ; the case is an urgent one. as the anomaly exists of largo numbers of stock virtually starving within xhree miles of a proclaimed Ootmnon, containing Riven <>r eight thousand acres, where feed is Abundant ; yet, owing to the selfish action of a f#w re-id-nts on the frontage, all access is de barred. 1 may probably have reason to again refer to this matter in a future letter. A meeting of the Rifle Ohib followed, Cap tain Heanev in the chair ; eight members pre sent. The secretary. Mr. N. Saunders, read a communication from the defence Department, stating that tne myamvn Monsua rune at tachment bad been gazetted, -and that kite for sixreen men had been forwards ; tbe secretary and Captain to arrange with tbe Drill Instruc tor day and hour of drill. It was decided to arrange the drill, if possible, for 1 o'clock p.m. 4 on S-uur.Urf,. The time for receiving ten ders for erecting embankment in rear of target was extended fur a week. The proposed bye-Uws for the management of the club, prepared by toe Secretary and Gapt. iu accordance with the instructions, were read, and Hfrer several email amendments bad been made, thev were ordered to be forwarded to the D -fence Department for approval. A long dis cussion took plaee over amotion iutroducM by Mr. J. Dwyer, touchiag-pealtiee to be incurred by officer through neglect of dnty ; bat eveota- ! ftjlv it whs carried without dissent. By the ' time the Rifle Club meeting was over, it was too ' late for any other business to be taken in hand, otherwise another meeting, called by Mr. D. Looker, was ro have been held. This had for it object " taking steps to raise a fuod for toe relit f of sufferers by the reoant fires," some of whom it was alleged were in distress. Although 1 there were many farmers present who had been_ burned out, an enthusiasm was evinced, mnd- froxn the tone manifested, I think it is probable the last has been bwd of toe matter. In your Saturday e issue a oommunicstion signed 4,«»ne who knows," having reference to | my last week's letter, call for a passing notice. The question is a very small one, &ud; looking : over the paragraph referred to I fail to compre hend the enormity of my offence. The meeting was held as my informant stated, and post poned till the Monday evening following, owing to the paucity of the attendance, or, if " One ' who knows" prefers it, 44 ao as to prevent clash ing with tbe Myamyn meeting." In any case, oncirl«i finer that the writer secured a cbean 44 ad," for both the race meeting end hotel, through nothing more than en inadvurtenoe, to say the most of it, on my part, he should be thoroughly satisfied, as this was his main ob ject in writing toe italics abundantly prove. At the same time, Mr. Editor, while oomph - plimentinr the writer on his astuteness, I would like to offer him a suggestion for future guidance when using your columns, viz., that when making a correction it weukl be as well - to remember that no additional advantage is gained by a wntira Imputation of motives tbat have no aaialsuce ' save in his own imagination, and also So be rare that in connection with anypobtio business in whioh he ii oaueeroed, thzt tee Mtmbtu exunpls is followed, in shrine duo uotioe, by il ..n I or -otherwiM, of dm daiewui netnre of netting, to be bold at Oondah or tbe Green Hill. Hotel ; e. hitherto wnob in- foroutioe bee been the exolutiTe property of a privileged few. At any nte I hope the race meeting will prove enperior to th.t of eny preriona yeer, u the committee jura u ex cellent oonne, the leeetioii i» elm eery central, end with theee reeommendetiooe end tbe effi cient msnegeeisnt of tbe -ion. net, 2 eee eo raeaon eo doubt ebat it will prove e euetked 