Gold Diggings Near Ade laide. We are informed that there are now about 60 men working alluvial gold claims at Houghton, that ail of them are getting gold, and many as much as a pennyweight to the dish. The gold is in small grains with a little dust, and the sinking is at a depth of about eight feet. It seems that the field so far as it has been tested extends over a considerable area, and it appears likely to provide employ ment for a large number of men. The work ings are partly on the property of Sir R. D. Ross and partly on the river reserve. Sir Robert has no objection to the men digging on his ground so long as they take great care to prevent an outbreak of fire amongst his vege tation. Houghton is about 13 miles from Ade laide, and the beat route thither is along the Paradise-road. "Thefarmers and graziers have had," says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of January 17, "a great deal to contend against this summer. Early in November the grasshopper plague made its appearance in the northern districts, and desolated the territory lying between the Loddon and Wimmera rivers. The progress of the invaders was from east to west, but upon reaching central Wimmera the moving mass of insect life took a south westerly turn, and steered its course for the luxuriant pastures of the western district. During the past few weeks the plague has manifested its unwelcome presence on the large sheep stations to an alarming extent. Grass has everywhere disappeared as if by magic. The famous grazing runs have in numbers of instances been swept as clean as if devastated by a bushfire. Sustenance of any kind has not been left for either cattle or sheep, and owners have been compelled to sell off all their stock for the want of feed. Simultaneously with the grasshopper pest has appeared another plague, which, at the present times is causing serious losses, particularly in the Western and Ballarat districts, amongst the smaller class of landholders. We refer to the caterpillar, or grub, invasion. The potato, mangold, and maize crops have been attacked by myriads of small green grubs to such an extent as to threaten a serious reduction in the coming potato yield. The ravages of tbis latter pest are widespread, and are the theme of general remark amongst the Ballaraf, Camperdown, Warrnambool, and Belfast potato-growers. There appears to be no remedy for the evil. It is truly pitiable to witness the rich dark green fields of potatoes swept down in a few days by this destructive plague, and the unfortunate farmers having to look on without being able to do anything towards preventing the wholesale destruction. The loss, which must be regarded aB a national one, that has this season been sustained through the grasshopper and cater pillar plagues, is of such a magnitude as to jus tify the appointment by the Government of an entomological commission for the purpose of ascertaining whether some means cannot be devised whereby the ravages of the plagues re ferred to can be minimised in future." 