CBICKET NOTES. Vernon's English team tried cor elusions with 18 juniors on the Melbourne Cricket ground on Saturday and Monday* The Englishmen were first at the wickets, and scjred 556 before all had been disposed of, Stoddart contributing to thU total no less than 285, and Peel'95. The Juniors had lost 15 wickets for 70 when time was called on Monday. The fielding and batting of the Juniors was of a vary second-rate order. A programme of 25 matches have been arranged for the Austi&lian; Eleven which is to visit England next season under the auspices of the Sydney Cricket Association. It includes three matches against the North of England, to be played at Sheffield, Bradford, and Huddersfield. The first match played by tbe eleven will be against the County of Surrey on the Oval, commencing on the 14th May. The following New South Wales players have been selected to practise in Melbourne for the next intercolonial match :—M'Donnell, Turner Ferns, A. Bannerman, Moses, Jones, Alien) Garrett, Thorpe, Bice, Burton, Hiddlestone, W. Richardson. Theselection committee also wished to Bend Davis and Donnan, but the committee of management decided to eend ohly 13 players, and discarded the two men named. Bice and DISTRICT NEWS. (Continued Jrem page IT.) B E N A. FRIDAY, December 2. Large bush-fires have been raging around thiB neighbourhood for some time past, in some cases doing a greit deal of damage, and in* ojhers doing more good than harm, having burnt the grass and scrub, leaving bare' places for the sheep to get'out of the grass seed. One fire on Milby Btettm-ara' TCe-ffiBst "damage, having burnt fences and sheep; some went so. far as to say it scorched the wild dogs, but I think this is little too good tO bVtrue The grass is rather green to bhru yet. but inl jai "few! weeks' time it will take very.Jittle to start a fire, as it will then be properly dry, and there being so much of it, it will go like wild :flre. I hope, however, that ' will continue ti> ialn as it has been doing for the last week or so, and keep a good growth of green verdure, which will prevent fires. , Grass seed is : very troublesome this season in the sheep, and is killing the sheep, in some places. In those it does not kill ttie ,wool 'Is all Reeling off, BO that one can have too mdeh of a good thing; It -*s as bad to have too 'much grass as to havie none, for if be have none the' stock die, and if we have too much the eeed kills them; so what is to be done ? Some people are soaking the sheep, .but I don't/know df it does much good; there is ;no doubt but soaking swells the seed and prevents it penetrating the Bkin—that is, if it is taken in time. • In some .places the sheep are dying in hundreds—so I hear. . Euglo cut out on the 91th of last, mbnth, and the clip is one of the best that has been setin on the station, the wool' being of good quality and length. Over '640 bales were'obtained from about 70,000 sheep,'out of which there were between 17,000 and 18,000 lambs, so that it is .a very good return. Euglo succeeded in doing as it had always been intended—namely, to Bhear under the . station agreement, which was done without .the least trouble,, so that-those who eaid Union men woiild Have to be, pmployed, .were out of it. The work iwas done as well as the Union men could have done.it, and with less trouble The Rev. B. B. Brown held diviqe service at Bena on, Tuepday evening, 29th November, iand had a very , goo,d congregation, considering the population is so smiiU.^ Mr. Brow/i, is .a very good preacher.' Thia was his flrst.^ry in the country since he came to Condobolfn, of which .town he is the incumbent. He has - only been there about a fortnight, atid it iB to tie hoped that he will do well in his new parish. . The weather has been very changeable for the last few days—more like winter than .summer—and I hope it will continue ^o, for the summer up here is usually too hot for any jtyiiog. We have had about an inch of rain t^s week, which has made the country look quite fresh again. .There is^now ,every .appearance of a further fallr The rainfall for theyear, so far, is about 24in„ which is a little behind last year's ; ; : ML- • ' '•;' Old Father Christmas is drawing' upon us once more. Only S3 inore days and the dear old fellow will be with us, bringing j >y to some and sadness to others. Thus the hand of Time turns onward ? it waits for no one. It only seems a short time since Christmas was with us last, but still it is jdst on the verge of twelve months; so we must all try and be merry. This is the time fdr fun, but in the bush ihere is little amusement, especially .here, there being so few people { ljut it woald not be to bad if there were a few more young ladies, for gentlemen can be found anywhere, and they don't mind riding a few miles for a little fun, provided there are some of the fair sex to be met when -they get there. However, we must do our best to amuse ourselves, and if the ladies are not forthdoming—well, we must do without them There are a few here, but not enough for all, so there wlil be plenty of gooseberries growing on that day. You must excuse these last few fines, for I don't suppose they will be of much interest to your readers ; but news is scarce and I recall the old saying-^ •• A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the best of men." Beach's victory was received with great satisfaction here, and. it. is. to be, hoped he may lone maintain the proua title which he has boen called upon so often to defend, and that when he is beaten it will be by an Australian. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 