District Intelligence. BOURKE. (Western Herald.) The rumours respecting a rich silver discovery near Mount Hope are being supplemented by more definite information. From a private source we learn that a large extent of country is already pegged out on Coen Downs run, several experienced miners being amongst the prospectors. Assays made are said to have given most encouraging results, and it is more than probable that some interesting news will ere long be received from this spot. WARM, windy weather has prevailed since our last, and as clouds of dust have been hovering round for the greater part of the time, it can hardly be termed a pleasant state of affairs. The cool nights have, however, been a redeeming feature. None of the pastoral districts report rain, which would, however, be welcomed in many parts of the colony, if only to lessen the danger of bush- fires. The River Darling continues falling throughout its entire length. Locally it is lft 10in above summer level, Louth, 3ft, 9in, both falling ; Brewarrina reports summer level. A freshet is reported in the Bogan but it is hardly likely to continue for long or to affect the main stream. The highest temperature during the week has been 102, which was registered on Monday last, the average for the week being 96. Some short while back we published a description of an extraordinary 'Western District Curiosity' then being exhibited at the office of Messrs. Ranken and Bloxham of this town. Mr. Bloxham on Wednesday last took the curiosity (a sheep's tail around which grass seeds had collected in the shape of a ball about six inches in diameter) with him to Sydney, where it has been exhibited at the Commercial, Pastoral, and Agricultural Society's Offices, much to the wonderment of those who have visited there. Nothing could speak more eloquently than does this tail as to the fearfully injurious effects of grass seed upon wool. Messrs Ranken and Bloxham have rendered a decided service to pastoralists by their action in bringing this mass of seed under the notice of Sydney residents who we trust will not forget the lesson it inculcates. An impudent robbery of some of our townsmen was perpetrated this week. A man named Robert Miles, employed as a cook, by Mr. Hardwick at his private resident, managed on Monday last, to abstract three cheques from his employer's cheque book, and filling them in for £3 each, cashed them severally at W. Dray's, B. Deignan's and A. Meadows', afterwards clearing out of the town. Fearful possibly that the cheque book might appear in evidence against him, he entered Mr. Hardwick's house on Wednesday night, when all were absent, and stole the cheque book. Miles has gone out of town and a piece of blue paper has been sent after him peremptorily inviting him to return to Bourke, AMONGST the stock movements given elsewhere will be found particulars of some high class rams re ceived by rail on Wednesday last. Of a total of 1340, 484 were from Mr. S. McCaughey's well-known Coonong station, having been purchased Mr. J. Wilson of Dunlop. They were consigned to Messrs Lee and McAlister, and are pronounced by competent judges to be the finest lot of rams that have arrived on the Darling for some considerable time. The balance, 856, consisting of high class Wanganella and Boonooke rams, were consigned to Messrs. J. Anderson and Co. They are owned by the Carrandotta Pastoral Co., and after joining the 12,000 ewes recently purchased from Dunlop, will proceed to Carrandotta station. 