COROWA. (FROM OUB OWH COK^EStONDENT.) Despite a very wet evening, the annual teameeting in connection with the Oorowa Presbyterian Church, held at the Schoo)i,pf Arts on 30th November, was very w^ll supported. The tables were excellently arranged, for which muqhcredit is due to Mesdames Ritchie, Terras/ Alston, Meyer, Hai£, Grimmond, Oswald, Misses Bay (2), Christy, Bray, and M'William, sup/ ported ably by Mr. F, Burrows in the supplies. A. pleasant evening was spent. When the tables were clearedi the following glees were given by the choir of the church* ^assisted by members of the Wesley an choir :—"Forgive, Blest Shade," "In Summer's Oool Shade," " Awake, jEolinn Lyre," and "Swiftly from the. Mountains' Brow." < Mr. T. Machin sang "Jack's Yarn," and Mr. L. Fraser " Jessie's Dream" and "Erin, my Country." Tne Bev. "J. Walker, from Germanton, assisted with " Scots wha hae " and " The White Squall." Miss Hudson and sister played an agreeable pianoforte duet, and Miss Squires contributed *' When Sparrows Build." Bev. J.: F. Branch gave an entertaining and humorous address on " \Voman," and the Bev. J, Walker exhorted his audience to support their church liberally. The Bev. W. Watt, ^itty and vivacious , in, every interval, created a goad'impression, Mi^s ( Duncan and Miss Hudson acted as accompanyista all the evening. On Tuesday eVening a series of dissolving Highland views drew a good attendance at the School of Arts. Altogether the week's proceedings may be said to have welded together and strengthened the local Presbyterian body coneideiably, and much practical support has been given towards the project for erecting a manse in Corowa. Farmers have been selling out largely during the past few months; to seek fresh fields and pastures new. Bumor hath it that other agriculturists mean to follow suit. One consolation we have mingled with our regrets at the departure from the district of so many.old familiar faces—is that the land remains. From our. proximity to Victoria, where land is bringing very high prices, the value of landed property in these districts muBt rise considerably in the course of a year or two. {Even those , whq -are disposing of their estates at the present time are readily willing to admit that ruling prices for land are not nearly equivalent to the prospective value, but the question is with them one of degree—whether larger profits are likely , to accrue from a five-yeara' tenure lii a \ comparatively new district than in a settled dis* trict like our own. Certainly, looking at the prospects of those taking up their allowance of , i i • . j j.' :„ n: Mi>.r Mn ! going. The " unearned increment" of the land, as the agitators say, is in itself, quite'independently of the low price paid to the Crown, ample recompense for a few years' honest toil. The man with a comfortable home and broad acres ill one place would, however, do well to .remember 'when the advantages of shifting to new country are pourtrayed to him by some enthusiastic acquaintance, that distance lends enchantment to the view, and that > ' "Tt 1b better to bear thOBe Ills we have. Than Ay to others that we know not of' The sum of £26 3s, has been collected at Oorowa for the relief fund in aid of Sir Henry Parkes. The money was forwarded to the committee in: Sydney last week. The iinpecuniosity of the Premier in his venerable old age is pitiable, and, one would think, must undermine, the grand independence that should attach itself to the holding of a high position in the Government of this land. The booths for . the Boxing Day sports were Bold by Mesisrs. F. and Piggin -on Monday. After some spirited bidding, the publican's booth was knocked down to Mr. Wegener for JE14. Mrs Grimm obtained the refreshment stall for £1. Woolscouring for this season was finished at Mr. G. F. Sugden's works on Monday. Work has proceeded briskly and continuously since the termination of the strike a,t the commencement of operations, and the output of scoured wool has been nearly equal-to last year—about 1800 bales. The Commercial Banking Company of New South Wales has just opened a branch of their business at Tocumwal, under the management of Mr. F. Manning, from Albury. The boon Will doubtless be thoroughly appreciated by the residents, and from such a thickly settled district the returns should be very renumerative for the institution named. An accident happened to a little boy, son of Mr. Jno. Howard, of Goombargana, on Sunday last. He was riding home from the church, when his horse fell with him, giving a severe shaking to the boy and causing serious internal injuries. Dr. Lang was promptly brought to the iittie^aggj®r. „ „,. „ The quarterly recital of the Border Brass Band will, be given at the School of Arts on the 19th instr The' programme is' likely to be a most attractive one, and*%hould add to the popularity of the band, - which seems much on the wane of late. \- The other day Mr. A, A. Piggin (wrote to the Corowa Progress Committee, asking them to bring under the notice of Mr. E. J. Bowyer-Smijth, of Albury, the deplorable and dangerous state of part of the main road from Ooreen to Jerilclerie, near the selection of Mr. Price. The place is now known all through the district as " Price's Bog," antjl is well- nigh impassable. Nearly every conveyance having occasion to traverse the * road has been caught in the trap, and some very unpleasant experiences can be related of the Bpot. Mr. Piggin, with a party of lady friends, was de< tained some six hours; apd a horse driven by a girl living ih the neighborhood was with difficulty a day' or two afterwards saved from drowning.' i I can *vrite feelingly on the subject too. Having occasion to send tnv best horse and buggy along the road, the turn-out stuck in the quagmire both times of crossing, and ih the struggles of the horse to get a footing both traces were broken and the rest of the harness much damaged, _It_is be hoped Mr. Smijth will recognise- tjie urgent-necessity that exists for making a cuivert or otherwise putting the road in order, which it is bielieved can be done at a Very trifling outlay compared to the losses of time, temper, and goods prevailing now, Mr. D. Johnson, of the Woolpack Inn, Anna vale, met with a nasty accident one day lasv week through falling from a stack of hay on to a piece of quartering. An ugly gash was made on "n° jirm, and inflicted, but fortunately no bones werp. broken. Mr. A. A, Piggin, through jumping from hii buggy when the horse bolted from outside Corowa, sustained a very severe spraining of the ankle; and Mr. G. Leopard, who was accom panying him, received injuries to the arm Strange to say, little harm was done to either horse or buggy For the past few days terrific heat has prevailed, and the existence of bush-fires in the district is indicated by the volumes of smoke hovering all round. The annual meeting of the Corowa Race Club was held at the Globe Hotel on Tuesday, 13th inst. Upwards of 20 gentlemen were present, and Mr. F. C, Piggin was voted to the chair The minutes of last annual meeting were read and confirmed. The balance-sheet was read and adopted, subject to audit. The credit in Bank of New South .Wales to the general account was £19 IBs. lid., added to which was the gate money collected at last races, amounting to £31 14s. 6d>, making the total credit of funds £51 10s. 5d. Use, however, had been made of the gate-money by applying it to the reduction of the overdraft on the fencing account, bringing it from £230 to £199. The racecourse had been let for two years at a rental of £40 per annum ; improvements, in the nature of a tank valued at £50, and cleaning £30, to be effected by the lessee) Mr. W. Kernaghan, as payment. It is not in contemplation to effect further improvements this yeaf, but hopes are entertained that thftfetlibirSf a grand-stabd mil be undertaken in time for/the following meeting. A v6te of thanks Was riaissed to the officers for last year for the very efficient way the work had been conducted. The election of officebearers for the ensuing, year resulted as follows :—President) M-. H. Hay; vice-presidents, Messrs. W. J. aud Jas. Hayes, M'a.P. j starter, Mr. Rawdon Wilson; handicapper, Mr. Bond; clerk of scales, -Ml\ Jos. Martin ; clerk of course, Mr. G. Martin ; jiidge, Mr. A. M'Nab; assistant, Mr. J. C. Leslie; secretary, Dr. W. H. Lang; treasurer, Mr. L. Willis; committee, Messrs. L. Willis, H. Moras, J. C. Leslie, A. G. Morley, F. C. Piggin, -S.J- .Chenhall, Jas. Mackins, S. L, West, E. B. Nicolson, C. N. Marr, J. Bell, W. West, J. B. Hudson, J. Cams, J. Hiskins, T. Eord, E. Wegener, N. Lamont, N. M'Donald, A. Cameron, and Dr. Loughrey; stewards, Messrs. M 13 Rvan R IMnle RjanHnn Wilonn. J Snpnnln The date of meeting was fixed for Wednesday, Mftj-ch 21at, 1888, beitig the week succeeding the Xlbury races. The arrangement of programme was then gone on with. Hurdle. Raee and Handicap, of £40 each for first horse and £10 each for second, were adopted ; also Ladies' Plate of £20 (amateur riders, racing weights), Flying Handicap, Selling Kace, and Novel Race —the last-named for £1, winner to be sold for £16. It is believed this race will attract a good many common hacks, «ntrance money being only Is. Sweepstakes were made merely nominal in all the races. Arrangepient of minor matters was left in bands, of secretary, and the meeting adjouraed.. . , A petition has-been extensively signed during the week praying the Minister for Public Works to formally proclaim the mail rfiad from Coreen to Jerilderie, to allow a Bum of money for putting it in repair, and po endeavppr to have a subsidy granted each year. On the 12th inst. !Mr. Luke Everitt, a very old identity of the Albury and Bungowannah districts, passed away to the great majority, at the ripe age of 75. The death occurred at his daughter's (Mrs. Darby's) place at Lowesdale, and the body was interred in the Corowa private cemetery the following day. Grasshoppers have been a terrible source of uneasiness to farmers in many parts of the district for some days, nipping the wheat stalks a few inches below the heads, which then fall to the ground. In places the fields present the appearance of a stripped crop, and the loss will be a very serious one for many growers. There will be an imposing religious service at St. Mary' s Boman Catholic Chapel 'in Oorowa on Sunday next, the occasion being the renewal of baptismal vows by adherents of the church. Father Mooney, a visiting priest, and a man of great oratorical power, combined with a splendid flow of language, will conduct the service. The same gentleman has been holding service at St. Mary's on Sunday and each night of the weekj has attracted large congregations. 