OUR 3CELBOUBXE LETTER. ? ♦ ? From our Correspondent. MEr.ROtTRNE. Januarv 13. It has been decided to authorize the honorables the Chief Secretary (Mr. Dea kin) and the Minister of Defence (Mr. Lorimer) to attend the Colonial Conference to be shortly held in London. The idea of sending two ministerial members arose from the fact of our present being a Coali tion Government, and had Mr. Lorimer been the sole representative it was feared that the Eadical section in the House might have been unwilling to follow Hhe course he would recommend on his return, whereas the matter being a purely national one it is now to be hoped that tbe steps these two gentlemen will counsel will be received and treated in a national way. Arrangements have been made for the interchange of post-cards between the colonies of Tasmania, New Sooth Wales and South Australia. This colony will not be able to reap tbe full benefit of this scheme until Parliauisnt re-assembles, when members will at once be asked to sanction the innovation, which has the cordial appro bation of our Postmaster-General (Mr. Derhjtm.) Bush-fires have caused considerable loss to the selectors owing to the luxurious grass that sprang up alter the heavy rains which occurred in the latter part of Novem ber. In the Numnrkab district the fires have extended over about 20,000 acres, and the grass destroyed is described as the finest that has been seen in the district at this season for the last six years. In town we have had a week of remark ably hot weather, the thermometer record ing KM degs. in tbe shade. This great heat, accompanied with close evenings and a sultry east wind, has been found to be very trying, and typhoid fever is becoming prevalent to such an extent that the Central Board of Health will hold a meet ing next week to consider the best method or arresting its xurcner progress. 10 aggravate matters the residents of the higher suburbs have been so badly sup plied with water that the spokesman of the deputation from Toorak (the Hon. M. H. Davies) stated that he had not enjoyed the luxury of a bath in his own bouse since tbe turn of the year. Mr. Justice Windeyer has received well merited praise for bis firmness in directing the jury during the Mai of the perpetra tors of the outrage on Mfcs Hicks at Mount Rennie- The poor victim is still in a very serious state, and it is very probable that she 'vill not recover from the injuries she received. Mr. Justice Windeyer is now on his way to the old country for the bene fit of his health. The fearful punishment inflicted on these ruffians seems to have been quite necessary for tbe protection of the weaker sex, as another group of six men have been arrested and are now await ing their trial for an alleged outrage on a girl named Grace Porter, at Nowtown, on the 29th December. This case seems, for brutal savagery, to parallel, if not to sur pass, the one already commented on. A fatal accident to a trespasser in a gentleinan's garden took place on the 10th instant. A Mr. Cross, who resides at Erica Villa, Williams road, Prahran, find ing the night very hot, left his bedroom at 2 o'clock, intending to take a shower. While in the bath-room he heard a sound, as of foot-steps, in his orchard. Fancying that some one was bent on rob bing hie fruit trees he took a gun out with him and challenged the man. Receiving no reply he proceeded to where the man was standing ana prnaaea nun in rae stomach with the end of the gun barrel. At the same moment to his horror t^e gun went off, the contents being discharged into the man's body. Mr. Cross at once obtained assistance, and, on the doctor's recommendation, took the man in a cab to the Alfred Hospital, where, although his wounds were immediately attended to, he died at 1 o'clock the same afternoon. In his deposition the deceased stated that he was on bis way to procure a drink from the Red Lion Hotel, and that the two pillow cases he had with him were to wrap a bottle in. This story is a strange one, as the shorter route to the hotel ua*»ed would hare been by the open street. Mr. Cross reported the tragic event to the police on his way back from the hospital, and accounts for the accident taking place through the gun, which is a very old one, being left loaded by his man (who used it for shooting small birds), and supposes the hammer must have been in Eonie way lowered by coming in contact with his coat We have been spaced many serious mis haps areong our coasting steamers this month, though we have had a very aggra vating one. Messrs. W. Howard Smith & Sons have, during the past three months, been running a line to Adelaide in opposi tion to the finely-appointed vessels of tbe Adelaide Steamship Co. The Cheviot, one of the steamers of this new service, left here on the 28th nlr. with a full comple ment of passengers, many of whom put posed to 6pend their New Tear holiday in Adelaide. Unfortunately for these holi day-makers the steamer's propellor shaft broke when off Cape Otway, necessitating her returning to the Heads — at the rate of 4 knots an hour — under sail. After watt ing there for some time she was taken in tow by the tug Falcon, and the passengers landed at the wharf on New- Tear's Ere. Those who wished to resume their voyage were transhipped to the same company's steamer Gambier, reaching Adelaide on the 3rd instant. Several, however, finding *3isiit» itniiflap wnstwvi r^tnsunfxl in ^fpl. bourne, vowing to keep their custom for the old company in future. The hardness of tbe bottom at the en trance to the Fisherman's Bend Canal has interfered with the rrogress of the work, both the dredgers employed having broken their machinery in futile attempts to raise the substance. After being strengthened they are now overcoming the difficulty, and the engineer to the Harbour Trust believes that the passage will be open to shipping this month. This will mean a shortening of the trip, which will be welcome to visitors from your side, as it will remove the anxiety felt by all on loard lest the steamer should nave to remain for some hours on one of the mud-banks on which they have been wont to go aground while proceeding up the circuitous river. Business continues to be satisfactory. Land agents report that with very few ex ceptions the bills which have been current for the great land boom in 1*565 with cur rency of 12 aud 18 months have been finally cleared off, and the only complaint that the Building Societies have to make is that the demand for money made by borrowers exceeds the amounts they are obtaining on deposit and sales of investing shares. The sugar market continues to be bosk, and prices Show a rise of fully 5s: Several cargoes have become the property ©f speculators, who are firm holders for a still further advance. In cereals the market is in an unsettled state. Millers have oversold both flour and bran, and are paving as high as 4s. 3d. per bushel of CO* lbs. for new samples of wheat. This is an advance of 5d. from the lowest point reached during the holidays- In % fort night, at the latest, we may expect to see prices down to 3s. 10a ^ at which figure shippers for the Home market will com mence to operate. The amount available for export is computed at 150,000 to 1G0, 000 tons, and freights have already risen to 25s. and 27s. 6d. for January— February loading for U.K. for orders. Rates last year were 17s. Cd. to 20s., so that we may expect a large number of vessels to be attracted to this port. Very few samples of prime malring- barlev are on view ; as high as 4s. Sd. has been paid at auction this week for prime parcels. Oats are firm at 2s. 2d. in bond for heavy New Zealand. So few 6amples of Victorian are as yet to hand that it is impossible to estimate values, but the quality of those shown is very good. 