PASTORAL INTELLIGENCE. Western Herald OFFICE, FRIDAY. WARM, windy weather has prevailed since our last, and as clouds of dust have been hovering round for the greater part of the time, it can hardly be termed a pleasant state of affairs. The cool nights have, however, been a redeeming feature. None of the pastoral districts report rain, which would, how- ever, be welcomed in very many parts of the colony, if only to lessen the danger of bush-fires. The River Darling continues falling throughout its entire length. Locally it is 1ft 10in above summer level, Louth, 3ft 9in, both falling ; Brewarrina reports summer level. A freshet is reported in the Bogan but it is hardly likely to continue for long or to affect the main stream. The highest temperature during the week has been 102, which was registered on Monday last, the average for the week being 96. Says the Dubbo Dispatch—The weather during the past week has been fine. The country on all sides looks very well. There is abundance of feed, and stock are in fine order. The season may without exaggeration be said to be the best we have had for years. The drawbacks to a complete enjoyment of it are the unsettled state of the Land Question and the low price of wool. Compared with last year's rates, there is a fall of fully 25 per cent. Says the Nyngan Mercury—We have had a pleasant genial week, with nothing to mark it save a gradually increasing heat. The sheds in the district are now nearly all cut out, and the town is full of men with decent-sized cheques, wending their way home- ward. Crossings for the week.—13,000 ewes for Beemery Kirkpatrick and Quinn owners, Talbot in charge ; 4000 mixed sheep from Cobar to Belerin- gan, Campbell Bros. owners, Thurlwall in charge. Says the Herald (Cobar) since our last report there has been little change in the weather. The days are moderately warm and the nights cool and plea- sant. The prospects for a good summer were never better than at present. A large amount of wool passed through town during the past week. Says the Times (Coonamble) we have had fine weather during the past week, the days being warmish, and the nights fine and cool. The district looks first class, feed and water being abundant, and stock looking well. Shearing is about over, and the bulk of the wool has left the district. A good deal of grumbling is heard on all sides in reference to the increased rent now being paid under the '84 Land Act. Says the Times (Forbes) the weather this week has been perfect. The days were warm and the nights beautifully cool. No rain has fallen since last report, but the country everywhere looks splendid. Grass is beginning to shoot again, owing to last week's rain. The river is running about the same as last week. Harvesting opera- tions are being commenced by many of the farmers here. The crops this season are expected to be good. Says the Queenslander—Charleville, Novem- ber 11. The weather is fine, but rather warm Cunnamulla, November 16. Cool pleasant weather has prevailed during the past week, temperature being remarkable for this time of the year. The few showers now would freshen up the herbage, which is getting dry, though feed is still plentiful. A correspondent writes that nearly 3in. of rain fell on Beechal Creek early this month. Reports from the Diamantina are good. The country looks splendid, and all stock are in excellent condition. Large numbers of cattle are travelling via Windorah, bound south. 