GREAT liUSH FIRES IN VICO TORIA. TOcutMVAL, Sunday night.-In this part of the Riverina disastrous bush-fires make their appearance annually as regu larly as Christmas. In 1884 a serious fire played sad havoc amongst the settlers. It commenced on the 6th January, and every year since then a fire has broken out within 12 miles of that township, and every year it has been worse. Last year the lire was at its worst, when, providen tially, a heavy shower fell, and it was ex tinguished as suddenly as it began. This year, on the 6th of January, at 10 a.m., the epidemic again made its appearance. On this occassion the five is the worst ever seen by white men in Ihe district, and it is still raging at its eas and west extremi ties, though at the hitter end there is overy, probability of t soon being got under. The towns[.s ple and settlers for miles around have be -working to help their neighbours to save their property, and they are now nearly all knocked up with fatigue and heat. The weather is exceedingly hot. Yesterday it was 105" in the true shade, and to-day it was 110 a regular "roaster," In the bush near the smouldering timber the heat was over powering, and must have been consider- ably over 150 degrees. Mr. Cameron has a holding of 1280 acres, half of which he selected, and half of which his wife did the same with pre vious to her marriage, and then becoming man and wife, their estate became one. : It appears that Cameron had a 50-acre paddock on which a fine crop of wheat had been standing, ready to be stripped, for more than a week, but he had to wait his time until the stripper bbcame disen gaged. On Thursday last, at 10 o'clock a.m., -they' got down to the paddock to commence operations. The entrance is at the north-east corner. The eastern fence is a chock and log, and the northern is a bush-fence. T,vo men, with a team of' horses, entered the paddock with a winnowing machine. About 5 minutes afterwards came two men, with a pair of horses attachd', to' a stripper. Just as they got througl tlie gate-so the man states-the horses tramped on some wax matches, and before they knew where they were the grass was all ablaze. It took them all their time to get the horses safely out of the paddock, and to place the ma chinery out of-the roach of lthe fire.; "By this time the fire had got a strong hold of the grass and the bush-fence, and as the wind was blowing from the north-east, the fire made straight for the grain.' Camer on's house was a quarter of a mile away, and Cameron and Mr. Atkinson, his easterly heiglibour, wtiq was alo waiting for the stripper, had 'gone to the dani to geot a barrel of water. Suddenly they saw the smoke, and Cameron, dropping the bucket, exclaimed, "Great Heavens, the grain is on flre i " and off they set to the scone of the outbreak. All along the north of the Barooga oounuary selterors iiau pa?uockcs of beau tiful grass and rich crops of wheat many of them! averaging fully 20 bushels to thb acre. Amongst the selectors a panic set in, and it was some time before they could realise their position. The ploughs were got out, and the land several furrows deep inside the fences turned over. PIeop!e came flocking, and though hero and tliere a few square yards of th. grass was burnit, the fire was kept from spread ing in their direction. This was extremely fortgnate, for had it been otherwise the loss and suffbring would have beau terrible as once the fire got northwards, scores of settlers would have been ruined. The fire made a clean sweep of IBarooga station burning it out from boundary to boundary, and out of about 80,000 acres of good grazing land, 10,000 acres have been, laid bare. It was only by superhunla .'' ,rts tin t' tio men ..uul the run, assisted by doyeni of wiilling workers frotm Tocumal, saved the woulsled and the nmeil' htlta in fact, their escape was almost a imiraot The fell destroyer had actually bur-. the grass right up to the walls te buildings, and scorched the fo,. nus. yet how many sheep lave been ourneua, but it. is thought that the loss in this di rection will be slight. One orf the first to feel Ihe effects of the conflagration was Mr. Edward Hillson, storekeeper and farmer. Mr. Hillson is the owner of the only large store in Tocum wal, and is also the proprietor of about 3000 acres of land about half a mile fromn the township. There are seven grazing paddocks and two in cultivation. Mr. Hillson, Mr. Jefferis, his manager, and as many men as he could muster, watched the advance of the fiery foe, and were prepared to fight it to the uttermost, but despite all their efforts the fire got into the back paddock about 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. It came from Mr. Sugden's paddock, which is behind Mr. Hillson's. Hard and unremitting wou k succeeded in ,temporarily stopping the ravages of the fire fiend when it passed through the timber countryaiid reached the plains ; -but wrhen morning came and the sun rose,. his fierce glare made all the grass lands;rod, hot, and although every effort was made by the watchers, who had been on duty all night, the fire spread with astonishing rapidity. The fire came southward in two wings, one through Mr. Deakin's paddocks on the west flank, and into Mr. Hillson's stripped paddock, where 600 bags of wheat were bundled together .in six stacks. The men, aided by Mr. Dunn, of the Electric Telegraph Department,. succeeded, by burning round these wheat- stacks, and sprinkling water on the stubble, in saving them all. Eighty jute bags only were burned, and a little grain injured, but it is anticipated that when the wheat is re-winnowed at least 80 per cent. of it will be saved. This paddock contained 200 acres of wheat straw, and adjoins the Albury road. Messrs. W. and R. Honnessy, of the firm of Hennessy Brothers, who own Glentworth and Springfield estates, and who have been actively engaged in look luga4fter the fire, and keeping it off their pioperty, state :-About 10 o'clock when in Springfield, where we reside, we saw the smoke of a large hush fire about six miles northward of Tocumwal. We made all haste in that direction, and when we met the fire it had reached the west side of the road. It was coming down south eastwards at a rare rate. It passed through the Murray run, and destroyed nearly the whole of it. This used to all belong to M'Farland Brothers, buta great portion of it has been selected. One of the selectors, Joseph Howard, has been burnt clean out, only his house being saved. The fire reached the Jerilderie ro.d nn Thursday night or Friday morn ing, but up to Friday night, since when we have not been far along the road, it had not passed it. Last year the young Browns, selectors near the Murray, about ten miles up the Jerilderio road, along with several others, organised a Fire Bri gade. These men have been, with others, up and down the road, and:beating out any spark: which may be blown across into the west paddock. Up to Friday night they succeeded in doing this, but since then the fire has worked round northward, and is blazing for miles to the west. We have succeeded in keeping Glenworth, which lies to the east of Mr. Sugden's, and betwe~n the Albury road and the River Murrity, free from fire. This station is now safe for the present, but there is a small corner of Mr. Sogden's next the river unburnt, which may yet blaze up. So men are stationed to watch it.-Melbourne Telegraph. 