THE POOR AT CHRISTMAS. Hoy/ever prosperous and happy a com munity may be — and where in the wide world is there a more prosperous people than in these colonies ? — there is always a certain number more or less dependent on their fellow-creatures. Old age, ac cident, illneBs, or some other of the many ills that fle3h is heir to, will, even in the best of times, and under the happiest circumstances, leave amongst us some small percentage of persons unable to provide for themselves, or to minister to their own necessities. In some sense, it is as well that it should be so, as, if we had no one to care for or to keep alive our sympathies, or to excito the more tender and charitable feelings of our hearts, we might in time forget that we are all born to trouble and anxiety, and that any of us might at any moment be overtaken by some such calamity as that to which some of those poor ones have succumbed, and to which all are liable. In this happy country we are free from the terrible catastrophes which are produced by earthquakes or cyclones or wild beasts, and, so far, . from many of the pes tilences or wars which often scourge the nations of the older world : But yet we have natnral visitations of our own, in droughts, floods, bushfires, contagious diseases, and in the dangers of the great battles we are fighting in _ the wilderness or down in the bowels of the earth. The horrors of Croswick and B.ulli are still fresh in our minds, bringing some con solation with them in the knowledge that if we could not bring back the dear ones to the sorrowing widows and children of the doomed victims, we yet saved tneui from the terrible consequences of the loss gf eo many breadwinners at a single stroke. The awful warning of Black Thursday has not yet been forgotten, and has been in some measure revived by the devastating fire In the Otway district. But these are like great cataclysms which arouse eur sympathies by their suddenness and magnitude, and speak to all our pitying hearts at once, so that :-">»lief comes, speedily the sufferers and .-""isnrfe. There are, however 'xroys isolata'vaaca 111 uar very midst vhicb, although thsy do not excitd our eelings of charity and generosity by 'eir appalling character or their extent, 9 not in least less deserving of our isider-c ---5 our assistance. For relief of t... no doubt, the liberal 'erument and people of "Victoria have ided 1489 institutions of various i, containing no less than 9545 beds, hese gave shelter, medical atten- and maintenance to over 80,000 d persons during the year But, unhappily, these beno- :tablishmeuts, depending as they a great extent on the help oritable- — as, xhanS Heaven, we as yet .had recourse to a poor nvariably hard pressed to make -neet, and are almost invariably Ye are sorry to say that this withT our throe district in- lamely — the Ovens District Ovens Benevolent Asylnm ngaratta Hospital. If the ple:fcf the North-East had i struggles of the commit- nsfi'ntipns is keep tbeno i a par with the ever in- 's. made upon them, thoso nted to their maioten- sill more liberal with , and those who do not :d who might any day ; f tbair benefits, would -.rnething, no matter >t. The amount of : offering wfaieh- tuey 1 calculation. For ni. Asylum alcne at 80 poor people years or circum-- for themselves, .7 gated together immense and ' tending from nation of the one direction, .ng in another, are hampered j. id their capa- ew cases are jir. inability to in bund. The jjarclta Hospital ' mre straits from we have said, w. >ly requires socb \- \ > fully brought \- T. \ enorons public to a v \ I out from so fair t \ 'ospects. This is \ l\ t tan kindly hearts \ far and near, who \ 5 aition, ought, now \ - i commemorate in " anoo "the birth of , \ A to UB as a legacy, A ® \ e an -' look to ' . - Red Hill Prospecting Association. —A meeting of the above association was held last Monday evening at Pund'a Corner Hotel, Beechworth. Mr I. A. Graham occupied the chair, and there were twenty members present. The. min utes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The meeting then pro ceeded to the election of officers rfor the ensuing nrne months. Mr T. A. Graham was re- appointed chairman, and with Mr Billson to act as a finance committee. Mr G. S. Taylor was re-elected secretary and mining manager, and nine members were elected to act as an executive committee to carry on the business of the association. The desirability, or otherwise, of putting in a tunnel to cut the rest, ana drain the claim, as suggested by Mr Jij. . Dunn, Government geologist, was then taken into consideration, and ' it was decided that the executive committee obtain the opinion of a practical miner as to the best course to adopt — whether to continue the present shaft and to put in crosscuts, or to drive a tunnel to strike the workings at 40 feet below the depth now attained ; the committee to report upon tho matter as soon as possible, at the nex general meeting, due notice of which will be given. Offers to become shareholders were received from four gentlemen, should any shares remain to be taken up, and the meeting adjourned. Severe Hailstorm. — On Sunday last, shortly after 12 o'clock noon, a hailstorm of a very severe character broke over Murmungee. The downpour for a while, writes our correspondent, was something grand to look at, and to hear the water rushing down off the ranges anyone would have thought tbat there wa3.a river flow- ing along. Some damage was "doneto buildings in several cases. Mr Hume ha panes of glass broken in his windows ; Mr E. Jessop, jun., had the shingles on the roof of his house split, and- cast about in all directions ; Mr W. Ellon had holes knocked through his new iron roof; an fruit trees are considerably .hmned. There was that quantity of water running at Kueebone's Gully that anyone might have had a swim in the mill-house. _ The hailstones were above the average size, if what one person told me is true, and that was that he " saw a hailstone so large that when he breathed upon it and melted it a flood was sent down the creek." Another man declared that ho saw three bullocks lying upon the road stunned by hail. I cannot vouch for the truth of either state ment. however. A West Australian Crime. — Frederick Bevan, ono of the men who were arrested three years ago charged with the murder of Messrs Anketell and Burrup, of the Union Bank at Roebourne, cut his wife's throat and stabbed her twice in the right side on Thursday night. She now lies in a very precarious condition, but her life is not altogether despaired of. Bevan was arrested, and is now in Roebourne gaol. It will be remembered that the charge of being concerned in the bank murders brought against Bevan and his two companions was not sustained, and the murderers are still unknown. A Potato Disease. — A disease, sup posed to be anthenyia tuberosa, has attacked the potato crops in tue bboal- haven district of New South Wales. About 20 per cent, of the tubers have beeu rendered useless by the ravages of beetles, which have extended to all kinds of potatoes. Accident at Bontearambo. — A youtli named Edward Flannery, in the employ cf Mr G. B. Docker, of Bontharambo, met with a serious accident oil Wednesday. He was about to enter the gate of the avenue leading up to the house, and had dis mounted from his horse, to open the gate, when he was struck on the head by a limb of a tree. He was knocked down in an insensible condition, and was thus found, on the household being alarmed at his horse coming home riderless. Dr Haley was immediately sent for, and he found that Flannery had sustained concussion of the.' brain. We are. glad to learn that the youth is now much better. J ni,; ajijioiuiments are gazetted : — The Church of England Trusts Corporation for the diocese of Mel bourne to be trustees of the site for Church of England purposes at Moyha ; Messrs Alex. Dunn, Robert Hanna and .John Hanna to be additional trustees of the Walwa Cemetery site. Buggy Accident. — The other day, while Mr C. Bnshell and hi3 daughter were proceeding to Chillern, one of the traces broke near Mr Schlue's residence, and the horse took fright and threw both occupants out of the buggy, reports the "Rutherglon Sum." Mis3 Bushell re ceived an injury to hor side, and got her face severely scratched, while Mr Bnshell was shaken greatly.. Beechworth Amateur Racing Club. — We would remind owners of horses that nominations for the New Year Handicap and Town Plate, to be run at the Beechworth Amateur Racing Club's meeting at Baarmutha Park on the 2nd January, close at 8 o'clock to-morrow (Wednesday) evening. Postal. — The Post-office authorities have issued revised postal regulations, permitting all receipted and unreceipted accounts to bear printed communications, but if I hey are endorsed with wri'tan re marks. such as "with thanks" or "a cheque will oblige," they will be charged letter rates. Cards other than birthday, Christmas, or New Year's cards will onlv be sent a' packet rates when bearing the name of the addressee only written on the face of (hem. Harvest Retorts. — Correspondents of the WaBgnratta "Chronicle" supply the following information respecting the harvest in the localities named: — Hay- cu'ting at Tarrawingee is almost completed, and the yield in most instances is very iigt.t. Brown oats are finished. On Wednesday Messrs Bennett and Diffey's machine commenced' threshing for Messrs Smith and Kay, the former getting 5 bags, the latter . 8, per acre. I also heard of one- farmer stripping eight acres for 26 bags Bui.t, has made its appearance in the wheat crops; The crops in the Cirraraga-- mungee d:stricl are lighter this year than usual. 'Hay nnd brown oa's cutting is completed, but sparrow-bsll oats in n:<>s! elites will be stripped, being short and light. Wheat crops have been visi'ed bj-, rust, the early sown be'ntr slightly rusty : but it is thought it won't affect them much. Tho late crops look very red, and must sustain a vast amount of damage. A small area of Mexican rust-proof wliea', grown bv Mr Alex. Dunkley, looks very favorable. Upon close inspection a little rust could be saen on the straw. It is ready to ch in November, and contains n plump gr-ir.. More Chinese.— The. steamship Chang- slia, which arrived on' Saturday from Hong Kong, brought 16 Chinamen, 15 of whom were for Melbourne, the sixteenth being booked for Adelaide. Of the 15 men who arrived 11 were naturalised, 2 paid- poll tax and two were under age. Death of Remenyi. — Advices to h u.d announce the death of Remenyi, the well- known violinist, who lately visited the colonies. He was off the Madagascar coast when lie waa drowned. ' The Dentist. — Mr G. R. Hall, dentist, of Collins-street, will be in Beechworth, at the Star Hotel, to-day (Tuesday), at Yackanaaudah on Wednesday, and at Myrtleford on Thursday. A Departmental Greeting. — We have much pleasure in acknowledging the re ceipt of a beautifully designed and litho graphed card bearing the inscription in gold letters, " The officers of the Depart ment of Mines and Water Supply, Mel bourne, send their Christmas Greetings and Best Wishes for a Happy New Year ; Xmastide, 18S7." The Australian-coat-af- arms, in-bronze, bends the card ; while at the sides are specimens of native flowers and ferns, with the name3 of the seven mining districts of the colony — Beech worth, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Gippslaud, Maryborough, Castlemaine and Ararat- printed' in silver, and at the left-hand bottom corner is shown a miner's hut, with the owner employed in panning out a prospect, another miner being engaged at a windlass a short distanceaway, and to the right are four prospectors trudging up a hill. We heartily reciprocate the good wishes conveyed in the pretty little messeuger, and hope that the cordial relations now existing between the Beech worth district and the Mining Department will long remain unstrained. The P. and O. Company.— M. Richard Taylor, the Beechworth agent for the Peninsular and Oriental Steamship Com pany, desires publicity being given to the fact that the splendid vessel the Britannia,, of 6600 to«3 and 7000 horse-power, will leave Melbourne on the 12th January, the fares t<=> London and back being from £54 to £115. Mr Taylor has just received tli.i f olio wing, lettef from the head, office of. the company (12Z "Xi'aadenhall-street, Loudon) : — "I am much obliged to you for your letter of the-' 22nd August, and am glad to know that you were so com fortable on board the Yaletta gomg out. Ah it happened, your communication was of some use to us, inasmuch as one of your fellow-passengers wrote, complaining bitterly of the arrangements on board the ship, especially with regard to the con duct of Ball, the second saloon steward, whom yon were able to commend so highly." Transferred, — Constable O 'Sullivan, who has been stationed at Wangaratta for the past two years, has been transferred to Yarrawonga, and Constable Joyce, of Wodonga, taken his place at Wangaratta. Constable Joyce, although only a young his superior the force, is well spoken of by member of officers. Mr A. L. Ely. — The Prahran " Chron icle" of the 10th inst. contained a photograph and biographical notice of Mr Albert Llewellin Ely, formerly town clerk at Wangaratta, and who in 1882 was appointed to the town clerkship of the City of Prahran. Tlie notice, which occupies three columns, refers ia sketchy style to Mr Ely's life, from the time he left his native town, Cwm Dwr, in Wales, for Victoria, where he entered the Civil service, which he forsook to try his luck on the gcldfields, but meeting with no success, he became clerk to a solicitor. Afterwards re- enteriug the public service, ho was appointed clerk of courts' and County Court registrar. Ho, however, was not long before he cut out a new career for himself, and having resigned, he started a3 an auctioneer in Wangaratta. In 1S60 he was appointed to the office of Government auditor, but was superseded in 1877 by the Ministry. He then began lecturing upon Free-trade principles and Protectionist practices, and once stood for Delatite, hut was defeated. "He was not," says the writer, " designed to shine in the political world. He has doue more useful work in another sphere— notably as one of the founders of the Ovens and Murray Agricultural Society, one of the most successful institutions of the kind in Victoria." Household Furniture Sale. — Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. will sell by to-morrow. (Wednesday) Mr S. Marshes household furniture " de.lTiLWAY Excursions. — Particulars re specting the Christmas and New Year's excursions on the Victorian railways, which commenced oh the 19th inst. and extend to the 4th January, are advertised in another column. A Valuadle Exuieit. — A fine sample of gold was shown en Saturday iu the window of Messrs Kilpatrick and Co.. Collins-3treet west, Melbourne. The weight ia 330oz, aiid it forms a portion of the recent wash-up of the Piouaer Hy draulic Company, Mitta Mitta. The total quantity cf gold from the clean up. in cluding 62oz previously reported, is oOOoz. ' Terrific Storm at Bethanga.— Oue of the most violent storms that has ever beeu experienced at Bethanga burst over the township about two o'clook on the after noon of the 15tli inst. For nearly ten minutes, blinding hailstones, the size of small eggs, fell smashing even through i-'-n roofs, breaking windows," and cut't-u j flower- gardens down like a. knife. The Bethanga Hall has eleven panes smashed. The hailstones piled up in places a foot high. The main street was flooded. Fruit trees were stripped, aud grapes and leaves cut off the vines, the hail completely destroying crops of fruit. Board of Advice Members. — Messrs Win. Dalton, Crawford McAliece and Geo. A. McDonald have been appointed members of the school board of advice for the Central Riding of the Shire of Oxley. Leases Approved.— Jas. Brackenridge, 27a. 3rl2p, Whorouly ; Patrick Ketie vane, the younger, 247a 3r 4p, Noorongong. : License Approved.— Cha3. Creag, 3a, Killawarra. Grant Approved. — Henry Hughes, 43a 2r -Barnawartha North. Robbery and Murder.— An( assault and robbery, with a fatal termination, occurred early on Sunday morning near the East Melbourne Cricket-ground. a gardener named David M 'Lean was at tacked by a man and a c&uple.; of .women, and in a fall, the result of a blow delivered by his male assailant, M'Lean's.head was brought in violent contact with 'the kerb stone and the base of the skull fractured. He died . soou after admission to the Mel bourne Hospital. During Sunday the police succeeded in apprehending the two. women, ono of whom i3 50 years of age, and the other only 18 years. Their male- companion has so far escaped detection. Sale of Land.— Mr J. Strickland re ports having sold 36a 2r 12p of freehold, landi situated at South Barnawartha, to I Mr Patrick Merrigan, of CooMnb'urra, at £5 per acre. ' ; ' '' ; . " The Stock Market. — The probable" number of fat stock at Fjemington this week will be :— 27, 000. '.sheep, 8000 lambs, aiid 3000 1 cattle, including tlireeQ i if e i i slam I lots.. This forms twoweeka> supply. Mining at Chiltehn. — a. crushing wag finished on Friday of 31 tons of stone from. Symonds and Scott's claim, on Banner's Reef, Cliiliem. The yield waa 129oz 16dwt. Grace aad Party also report a crushing of 4J toss of sione from the ;Passover-RAef, for a yield of 17 oz« . Shocking Murder neakSSueppartpn. A " Herald " telegram froq: Shepparton on Monday reported :— Michel O'Shea, a farmer at Yabba Yabba. sot his son on Saturday morning about 7 o'jock. There is said to have been somejuarrel about land. O Shea . then sfcabbedhia wife with the bayonet of his rifle, 'he son died three hours after, before hiidespositiohs could be taken. O'Sbea hanged his clothes and went away, bi| afterwards gave himself up at .Oaahel. 'he woman's chance of recovery is conidered fair; O Shea., and . his wife were soarated from each other for about 20 yeas, but lately have been living together, before firing a% his son he. fired the rifle of in the air, re- lo;idod ifc, for fear of imsfiring. ' \- The Rust. — -On every hapd we hear complain ts from farmers in ttt Wangaratta District that rust has appealed in their crop3. \ Our reporter, in goiu Docker s Plains district, nas shown samples .of wheat, which loojed healthy -and. strong a few days ago, bit have now been, affected. _ Crops thatt! were then I worth reaping it is . new intended to feed cattle oil, or allow them to ruh to waste. We know of several . instincts in which farmers in the Boorhaman disjrict do not intend to place the stripper or the reaper in their fields, but simply to id the crops remain as they are, there beio no alter native but to'fire them. 'p Sale of an Hotel.— The - Royal Vic-' toria Hotel, one of the largest hotels in Wangaratta, was sold a few days ago to Mrs Enoch Porter, of Oxley ; i the bnild- ingand cottages in connection therewith be ing bought for £1250. if \- Coroners' Juries.— The bill recently paaacd through Parliament provMQS for the payment of persons who-shsill linlrafeserve on coroners' juries. The nnmlerof jurors is also reduced from .12 to 5, and they are to be paid 4s each for their services. A Horrible State of Afymrs. — A most horrible murder story comes from Pesth. Young married farmers have been dying off with dreadful suddenness in villages of Syrmia, in Eastern Croatia. These young farmers were all brand new husbands, and at last their deaths, all coming so soon after their marriage, ex cited suspicion, and the matter was inves tigated. It was found that an eld woman had conceived the idea of getting pretty young girls tn marry farmers and then divide the spoils. The old woman is now in gaol, and, so far, seven young widows to whom she had furnished poison with which to kill their husbands. These arrests have all been made in a single village, and a lot of other arrests are an ticipated. Tho engaged and newly-married couples in that part of the country, are probably not the fondest of their kind at nresant. Pedestrianism. — The riot at Lillie- bridge on the occasion of a proposed race of 120 yards, for £100 a-side, between two pedestrians, H. Gent, of Darlington, and H. Hutchens, of Putney, will be fresh in the memories of our readers. After a lapse of some weeks the men met on October 29 at theEslington Park Grounds, Gateshead,, to run over the 3amo..distauce and for the same stakes." There was certainly not such a large muster of spectators ss is usual at a match of this description in the North of England. Hntchen3 for some years has enjoyed the reputation of being the fastest sprint runner, and has achieved many excellent performances on the cinder-path. Gent has also done some fast times and has won tnree Cjlietneid handicaps. Both man appeared to - be in capital condition. Hutchens, who is thirty-one years of usre, scaled 12st 9ib, and Gent, tweiity- six years, list 9|lb. At 3.55 tho men made their appearance. The betting opened at 6 to 4 on Gent, but these odds were in creased to 7 to 2 on him. Hutchens wou the toss for choice of positions'ahd selected the stand aid. At the fir (7 of the pistol tne Putney man got -away splendidly, and soon had half-a-yard lead. iForty yards fmm tnmii Oout wot l-'Ve'- - " grand anisn was wilwessed, Gem; winning bv three-quarters of a yard. The official time was llfsec. A Poisonous Plant.— The recent sudden death of a number of cattle in the vicinity of Dandenong was attributed to their feeding on a plant commonly known as the wild parsnip. The chief inspector of stock'accordingly obtained' specimens of the plant aud forwarded them to the Government botanist, for information as to the nature of them. Baron von Mueller states that the plant is tho didiscus pilorus. It is poisonous, andjjqnickly kills stock, its action b ing so powerful that remedial measures seem to be of no avail. The only way of getting rid of this noxious- herb is to pull it up by the roots, before the seeds are formed, and burn it A Fireproof Curtain for Theatres. — Some interesting experiments were lately made to test the capabilities of a new fireproof curtain, the invention of Captain Heath, and intended by that, gentleman to take tho place of the aonitf- >vhat cumbrous iron curtains now in use at many theatres. The new curtain is; made of asbestos cloth facing the stage, and of ordinary canvas facing the audience. It is kepi rolled up in a tank of water "either ahove or beneath the stage, whichever is most convenient, andean either be lowered or raised in a few seconds by means of a lever. Once up or down, a continuous stream of water pours down the asbestos side of the curtain, ronderiug it fireproof for a great length of time. The curtain runs also in so close a groove that Captain Heath claims that it would by no possi bility allow the escape of any smoke into the auditorium. A model stage had been fitted up with this curtain, behind which a roaring file was allowed to bnrn for nearly half- an-hour, at the end of which time the curtain' remained perfectly uninjured by the flames. A Novel Competition. — .A :\cvc priaa' rirl" competition was held recently in Queensland. Nino young ladies com peted. Each girl had to sew some white work," write a letter, and make a mutton pie under the critical eye of the judges, who were all grandfathers, and too know ing to be winked into giving the prizfi' to the golden-haired fairy who made pastry like. . flint anil, puckered - her seam. The luncheon was served at. noon, to see if the girls put the'r knive3 in their mouths, or tucked ihrir serviettes into their collars— in which 'case they wouldn't be prize girls —not much ! Two Toowoomba girls took the honors, and! the other 3even weat-home and'kicked the sat all over the back yard, to express their feelings- v' . A. Lucky Pointer.— Joseph E- Hamii- ton, aijjhnler, of Waco, Texas, Las falpn heir to an estate worth betweea two and three, million -dollars- He is a nephew of Horatio J- ' Hamilton, a rich miner ; at Orovillej Bntte Country, California, . vsrli£ difd last- April. ;«;;-ThbX'D»bnslah»' Gold yield.--Ib is expected that the yield of gold in Queens land to? the present year will exceed that of last year by 100, OOOoz., half of which is frora" the Croydon goldfield, the balance' being made up from increased yields from Mount Morgan and Charters Towora. In 1886 the yield was 340. OOOoz. This year it will be 440, OOOoz. The yield of gold at Mount Morgan during the 12 months ' ending the 30th November waa 83,705oz , valued at £344,667. 