The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; The light rains which fell on the coast last week have been productive of much good, but the interior is yet languishing, closing die dryest winter known by the present race of settlers. In some parts of the south-west scrub in being cut for the sheep. In some of the pastoral districts dry grass is more than plentiful, but there is little nutrition in it, and the lambs are now dying in large num bers, the cause in nearly all cases being constipation. Much of the grain sown months ago is still unfruitful. All crops above the surface are languishing. Frosts are still veir severe, but with the exception of the losses of the lambs no serious effects are recorded. BATHURST, August 14. The weather continues beautifully fine, but the want of rain is seriously felt by agriculturists. BOMBALA, August 12. We have had the first decided and actual change of weather since the commencement of the winter. For months past the much-needed moisture has failed to come ; sweep ing winds, bright sun, and bitter frosts have been the un varying order of the day, and under their baneful influence the country haa steadily gone back from that state of golden promise which existed before last Christmas. From that time the rainfall has been unusually meagre, and a change has been anxiously looked for. It came on Sundav night last, when the snow betran to fall thickly ; on Monday, early in the morning, it lay nearly 6in. deep, and until Tuesday evening the country was still under a white cover ing. The snow and the rain that followed it went to make up a depth of rainfall of about 2fin., and before long we hope to have a further allowance. BROKEN HILL, August 10. The absence of rain is much felt, and to those who come from the Southern districts the absence on the Barrier of a single blade of anything green is a matter of surprise and disgust. Apart from that, the climate is simply delightful, and from a social point of view could not be improved upon; still, unless the clerk of the weather soon sends us some rain a large number of the residents will have to emigrate. The price of drinking water ranges from 78. 6-L to 8s. per lOOgals., and as the supply grows less the price will naturally in crease. Even now it is a heavy item in. household ex penses, and it oan be easily understood that there are many families amongst us to whom the item is a most serious matter, and it is those who will be forced to fly unless a cheaper supply of water is obtainable. FORBES, August 11. The weather still keeps very dry, and the country is beginning to look famished for tbe want of rain. There is plenty of grass in this neighbourhood, but it is exceedingly dry and contains very little nourishment for stock. On the Lower Lachlon they are even not as fortunate as we are, for there is very little or no grasB there, and the country presents a drought-stricken appearance. The crops, too, are very badly in need of rain, none having fallen since seed time. Despite the dry times there seems to be a good deal of stock changing hands. The following lots of stock have crossed the Forbes commons since last report : — 250 fat bullocks on July 27, from Wallanbillen to Melbourne, W. A. Lowing owner, J. Strickland in charge ; 960 head of store bullocks on the same date, from Cunnamulla to Albury, Cobb and Co. owners, J. Schruf in charge; 3290 mixed weaners on July 28, from Mickey's Plains to Oowra, T. Hong and Conlon owners, in charge ; 1300 hoggets on July 31, from Towyal to Back Dronbalgie, Jno. L. Whitmill owner, T. A. Haynes in charge; 730 head of bullocks on August 6, from Clover ton, Queensland, to Wodonga, Cobb and Co. owners, Sulli van in charge ; 3000 wethers on the same date from Brolgar to Moss Vale, Hon. John Lackey owner, J. Strickland in charge ; 8600 two-tooth wethers on the same date, from D em' bong to Victoria, W. H. Havleyowner, L. K. Tfbbets in charge; 400 ewes on Augus{ 8, from Queensland to Currawong Mr. Roberts owner, Yates in charge; 1600 bullocks and 700 cows on the same date, from Bourke to A1 truiy, Joseph Miller owner, Blake N. Miller in charge; 6342 ewes on the same date, from Wongagong to Carrawo bltty, Rawsthorne Brothers owners, in charge ; 2600 wethers on August 9, from Sevastopol to The Grove, , M. B. Walsh owner, P. Walsh in charge. GOULBURN, August 14. Breeders and stock-buyers in this district will be glad to learn that the mortality which recently prevailed amongst the sheep in parts of the neighbourhood of Taralga has almost disappeared. The Acting Stock- inspector (Mr. Wflks) recommended that (he sheep should be removed to found country, and where this advice has been followed the animals have done well. GLEN INNES, August 13. The weather is still very dry, and everyone Is beginning to feel the effect of the drought. Yesterday and to-day the sky is clouded, but the wind, is too strong and boisterous for rain to fall. Farmers are suffering severely from the drought, being unable in most cases to plough, but where this haa been effected and seed sown, it is thought that die extreme dryness of the winter has destroyed much if not all of the early sown need. This, if it should turn out that tho conjecture is correct, will be a serious matter for the district. Bush-fires are etQl raging In several ports of tile district and axe doing nnjch ham, inasmuch as there is no agnof spring yet The condition of noct 1b not vary good, and there is a very poor look-out for stockowners unless we shortly get rain, after whioh there would soon be a good spring of grass. INVERELL, August 13. The weather continues dry. On Sunday there was every indication of a change being in store for us. During the afternoon slight rain fell, but later on the clouds gradually disappeared, and the stars shone out as bright as ever. From all parts of the district reports are to hand of the seriousness of the protracted dry weather. It ia entailing suffering and loss of stock, and is specially having a serious effect on the present lambing season. H owever jdeBpite the gloomy foreboding^ it is gratifying to be in a position to offer a little consolation in this direction. Hie opinion pre vailing seems to be that the time has gone by when the rain can have any appreciable effect. Many of our experienced farmers say that there is yet a large reserve of moisture in the ground, and that this is suffioient to prevent a failure of our crops, at least for some time to come. When the up ward growth begins, our agriculturalists say, it will be vigorous and rapid. Let us hope that these opinions will be justified by results, and that the present drought will very soon terminate. Bush fires have been raging near town and in many parts of the district. At Ku[ki the fire raged for some six miles, destroying in its passage what little grass there was on the run. Shearing will commence at Yallarori on 22nd August. KIANDRA, August 11. The weather during the last fortnight has been fine generally during the day time, with heavy frosts at night. It is computed that the fall of snow this season is very little less than was experienced here in the year 1882, when a greater quantity fell than in any year since meteorologi cal observations were taken in the town by a Government official. In that year rain commenced to fall on the 17th of this month, when 4 Jin. were registered ; and rain being the most potent agent for quickly thawing snow, heavy floods were consequently experienced down country. Everything at the present moment points to a like occurrence happening this season, as the weather has suddenly turned: Very mild and heavy showers of rain have fallen at intervals during the last 24 hours, and a decided thaw has set in, which will quickly augment the amount of water in the river of which this district is the watershed. LITHGOW, August 14. Farmers in the Oberon and Duckmaloi districts are busy clearing new ground for the potato crop. All the sheep breeders in the above districts have fair percentages of lambs, and would have done better but for the frequent falls of snow and cold weather. MOAMA and ECHUCA, Augubt 11. Very large quantities of stock are crossing to Victoria, both by road and rail, and the Deniliquin and Moama Rail way Company have found it necessary to run special trains to meet the demand. The weather continues very dry, with heavy frosts at night. Feed is fairly plentiful in this district, and stock doing well, but crops are languishing for want of rain. It is the dryest season experienced for years. MANNING RIVER, August 13. The weather has been fine, but too dry, and the farmers are now wishing for rain, as the want of it has seriously lessened the prospect of food for horses and cattle in tbe coming spring. MUDGEE, August 13. . Wheat whioh was sown in May in some parts of the district scarcely made its appearance above the ground before it turned a yellowish 'colour. In other plaoes, seed sown a greater length of time has not commenced to shoot yet. NARRABRI, August 13. The dry grass is beginning to disappear in places, but probably at no previous period was it ever in more abun dance. The danger of fire is very groat, and we have had a few fires, which, however, were prevented bv the adoption of prompt measures from spreading very far. 'On Eckford's Maiaraway station, a few acres were burnt, and also on Bunna Bunna, or Millee South, where some fenoing was destroyed as well. Mr. J. T. Murphy, of Jew's Lagoon, got a fire under last week without great loss. We had a few slight showers yesterday, which were welcome, as giving promise of more. PARKES, AUGU6T 13. Mr. C. Burgess, of Auburn Vale farm, on the Billabong Creek, has forwarded several consignments of butter from his farm to the Sydney market, and has on each occasion topped the market, getting 2s. 2d. per lb., which, even with 50 miles of team carriage, is encouraging. Mr. Burgess is commencing upon a small scale, and has at present only one horse-power separator at work. This is one of our in dustries' that is in embryo. I regret that lam compelled to report no great change in the weather. We have some threatenings, but no rain. The crops, though very healthy, could do well with a good fall; the grass requires it very badly, notwithstanding there is a slight shoot in it. Stook are doing right enough, but the accounts of the travelling stock route towards Bourke are not promising. PORT MACQUARIE, August 9. On Sunday last a nice shower of rain fell, but not sufficient for our requirements. The farmers are in need of a good soaking rain in order to moisten their land for the next season's crops ; the vegetable gardens are also in want of moisture. A great quantity of the agricultural Undo is already ploughed, whilst a portion yet remains unbroken. Water for domestic and stock purposes is becoming scarce, and we shall be pleased to welcome another watery visita tion at no distant period. The winter has been a very severe one, the keenest we have had for many years, and this is, no doubt, owing to the exceptionally dry weather for the time of tho year. An exceptional opportunity has been afforded owners of low, swamp lands— of whioh there is a large area in this district— to ringbark and drain, and, in many cases, the chance has not been allowed to slip. These low lands— formed, in a great measure, of decayed vegetation and deposit— ere of the richest description, and, under favourable circumstanoes, yield fine crops ot maize, but are valuable, chiefly, for grazing purposes. TEMORA, Tuesday. The following are recent stock passings : —950 store bul locks, from Queensland to 'Wodonga, Ross owner, Cobban in charge; 950 bullocks, Queensland to Wodonga, Rvrie owner, G. Adams in charge. WAGGA WA3GA, August 1. The much desired rain still keeps off although the extreme mildness of the weather yesterday and to- day, coupled with the low overhanging clouds, gives promise of a speedy change, which will not come a minute too soon, the .recent frosts having nipped the herbage in all direc tions, while the tanks and waterholes are rapidly becoming empty. WISEMAN'S FERRY, August 13. We unquestionably are having the severest winter within the last 20 or 30 years— one heavy frost after another, and not an inch of rain within the last three months. There is hardly any feed in the paddocks, and scarcely any growth in the barley and oats fields perceptible ; whereas Jp former years there was a luxuriant crop of ' green stuff ' for the stock all through the winter months, mere is none now — a very unsatisfactory state for stockowners. The fruitgrowers, too, are complaining of very poor crops this seasoh ; one who is in possession of a fine orchard realised oply as many shillings for his orange crop as he did pounds last season. ? 