NOTES FROM BUSSELTON. From our own Correspondent. As is generally the rule at this time of year, amusements are the order of the day, notwithstanding the great heat that us ually prevails. Bushfires are becoming frequent. Sore eyes are very prevalent amongst the younger portion of -our community, and appear to be vi-'ry severe in many cases. The annual school examinations took place during the week previous to Christ mas and passed off very satisfactorily re garding the numljtrsexaminedand the pro gress wade in the various classes. The prizes however, were, asajjeneral rule, very inferior, compared to those of other years. It may be worthy of note that amongst the teachers employed here we have one who must be considered somewhat superior to tBe general rule of teachers found ia charge of country schools. I refer to Mrs. Evans, the head- mistress of the Wonnorup school, who holds a certificate from the Board of Examinersof Limerick, and who is, besides, well versed in various languages. During the time the school ha- been conducted nnder her care the progress made must be considered very satisfactory indeed; in point of fact it seems a pity to see such a good teacher wasting her time in such a small s .hooL Hayes and Dobson's circus returned here the other week from Bridgetown and left by steamer for Albany. I hear they did remarkably well in Bridgetown, during their short stay here. Mr. Munyard, who is evidently a good-natured man, gave an exhibition of bis powers upon the wire to a few who had not had the pleasure of witness ing this performance. Having fastened his wire across the yard at tue Commercial hotel he went through various manoeuvres very cleverly. He persuaded a good-sized boy to get on his back and walked the wire backwards and forward several times, to the great delight of those present. At the time this was performed a strong breeze was blowing, rendering the feat no easy nwlter. After Mr. Munyard had given his perform ance an old native man (who was amongst the number witnessing the proceedings) was persuaded to try the wire, and after being assisted on to it by the bystanders by the aid of a pole he made an attempt, but soon caree to grief, much to the ainuse ment of those present. Mr. Dairies' station hands are busily em ployed in completing a large order for tim ber. It is reported the order will keep, the mill going for a couple of years. 1'wo ships, I hear, are at Hamelin, loading, and I believe arrangements have been made for the intermediate steamers to call in and take timber for the eastern colonies. Mr. Yelverton's station is only working slowly, he having only secured a email order at present. The W.A. Timber Co.'s station is dormant just now. Great disappointment is manifested here at the Governor's speech at the opening of the CenncO, more especially respecting the Bayswater-Bnsselton railway. It was ex pected that something definite would have been arrived at, so that the work might have been started at, once, and thus revive trade and give work to a nnmber of idle but willing bands. It would appear that we are bound to be disappointed, at least for some time to come. We still hope for the better. Amongst those who have been lately paying a visit to Bnsselton are several old friends — among them Mrs. D. Macpherson, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Monger, and Mr. and Mrs. C. Layton. Our cricketers go to Bunbury to play a match there on the 2nd. Mr. Locke's colt 'Gunpowder,' I be lieve, goes on to Perth by the steamer to run for the Sapling Stakes, and before this you will have made bis acquaintance. Satyr, I regret to hear, is somewhat dam aged, having been foul of a wire fence before being shipped at Adelaide. I regret to hear that a blight of a strange sort has attacked the peach trees at the Blackwood and elsewhere. It is reported that the leaves have all fallen off and the fruit appears as if covered with red rust. Our local clergyman is very attentive to his duties, and from what I can learn is becoming very popular. Mr. Clairs holds -service at half-past 11 en Saturday evening, and I have no doubt the church will be full upon the occasion. The Bev. Father Treacey is also a very popular clergyman and respected by all classes, and it is mncb. to be regretted that he eentem platee leaving us shortly. The Boads Board election, held on the 29th, brought forward six candidates, the three out-going members and three fresh ones ; the result being— T. Thurklfl 125, E. Gale 117, E. Brockman 89, G. Cross 58, S. Keenan 30, W. A. G. Walter 8. Mr. Chas. Layman was the returning officer. It will be seen by the above that two of the out going members were re-elected; the other being Mr. B. Gale. Dec. 30. 