NOTES FROM BUSSELT0N. (From our Correspondent.) Since my last Bishop Gibney and the Bevs. Father Boyle and McEnroe, mission aries, hare returned from the Augusta. During tbeve visit there they confirmed fifteen persons. They also preached several times to large congregations. Father Boyle, upon one occasion, took for his text, ' What shall it profit a man if he gain the irliole trdrl-1 and ldse his otfn sirnl p '' On the Sunday after their relurri they eott firmed a large number of both sexes in Uusselton and preached to good congre gations. TUey also' secured a couple of converts, one beirig an old utatl, the otb'ef much younger. Our Ctruith Of England minister has also befell on a visit to the Augusta saw-nulls and ,tb' the O'ritlying settlers in that neighbourhood. I hear he uiet-with a very good reception and had ft Ltrgc congregation every time he predebed at the stations; Uc- al§o tu&fc; the names of a good many who arc eligible for confirma tion ; so '.hat there will be a good ndmbcr to be confirmed when the Bishop comes down, which is expected to be before long. Mr. Claire also preached at Quindalup on Wednesday List and at West Brook on Thursday afternoon, on his road home from the Augusta, and at fiussclton in the evening. I regret to hear that there ate a great many cittfr dying about this district from some cause or other. Mr. T. Abbey lost five bead in one week and a great many others hav*- been dying iu various quarters. It is a great pity that some cure «aunot be found for the disease. The stomach appears to be dried up and the gall becomes very large ; the food appears to get into a wad in the mouth, and the gniwy^ after walk ing a short distance, appears distressed aad lies down and dies after lingering fora few days. Should any of your numerous readers knjw of any remedy they will confer a great boon upon a large number of people by their making it known. Mr. John Bovell has. since my last j taken the Quindalup pony in training Cor Bun bury ; he also went to Bridgetown with 'Paddy' and 'Streak' to try his luck there. I have since beard that on account of 'Paddy' having won a race upon an advertised course he was debarred from competing in the Bridgetown races. A private match was afterwards run between 'Paddy' and Mr. Moulton's 'Young Glen,' resulting in a victory for ' Paddy.' I have not heard what the distance was, only that the stakes were £10 aside. Mr. Bovell will start with his horses some time next week to take part in the Bunbury races. Our Besident Magistrate has been some what severely indisposed, but latest accounts state that he is on the mend again, ft is reported that be has been Eunenng from an atxacs similar to toe cholera. I have also heard that in another family, out in the country, several members were taken suddenly ill with vomiting and purging, but it fortunately passed off with out any serious effects after the adminis tration of some simple mnediefl. Bushfires are still of frequent occurrence. Scarcely 'a day passes without one occur ring. Some surprise is manifested at the naamner in which the Government intend carrying out their retrenchment scheme. Not onlyjare the Boads Board and Municipal grants most seriously curtailed, but it is evidently intended to get rid of a good many of our protectors — the police. One would have thought, now there are to many reported nW goldfields, that Government would have endeavoured to keep up the strength of the latter, instead of getting rid of them. It strikes me it would have been far more popular if they had eom uenced at the top of the tree. In several other departments this would have been much better than reducing the police force and other grants. It is to be hoped that when the Council meets again things will look brighter and that the members will be able to see their way to vote a sufficient eum to build the bridge across Molloy's Ditch, Quindalup fioad. As the estimate for this -work is something like £400 it is not to be expected that the local Boads Board can do it out of their grant-in-aid. -There has been a good deal of land fajren up in various quarters of this district since the new Land ttegulations came into force, but it is questionable if a good many will be able to prove the distance required under the fiesidence Clause. It is to be hoped that our Commissioner of Lands will strictly enforce this clause, as I bear that some land is likely to be taken up for other than legitimate purposes in the light of the regulations. . Kangaroo elans are evidently fetching a good price in the other colonies, as I notice in Mr. Prosser'e circulars issued through the Southern Advertiser that he is a pur chaser of 50,000 at 2s. 4d. per lb. for good skins. I bear a great many intend visiting the Bunbury Baces. Amongst the numerous visitors here at present are Dr. and Mrs. Lovegrove, Miss. Lovugrove, and Master Lovegrove. Our annual visitors, as they may be termed. Miss Moore and her nieces, ace quartered in Mr. Bovell's large house near the beach. Several families have re turnedf com Karridale timber-station during the week. Great preparations are being made for the fancy dress ball to take place next week. February 4. 