j . . I "?. 'SCOTTSDALE. _ ii """At" tho Ellêsmoro Polioe Court, boforo| Messrs. it, G. Ladbury, C. S. Button, und E. W, Bonnor, J's.P., John Cassidy, sub- contractor ou tho Scottsdale Railway lino, was charged respectively by 1 bonus O'Douogliuu, 'Archibald'! McCurdy, Alex, i Black, Robert Kenwick, James Lang,. Thomas Toon,I William Mitchell,' Hanryj Salmon, Michael O'Leary, Geo, Meiers, and G listav Rossoubqck witli having refused to ! pay thom oortiiu wagos duo them fur work done for him on "tho said railway line, amounting in tho aggregate to £71 10s. Tho* accused pleaded not indebted for the several amounts claimed, and after a patient and lengthy investigation tho Bench ordered payment to bo made to tho several com plaiuants to tho aggregate amount of £57 10s. 2d., with £1 compensation to each mau, and £-1 2s. Od, court coats, by the evening of the 15th inst, lu default of so doing dis- tress to be made, and in default of distress ono month'« imprisonment. William Clark, aged 28, charged by Con- stable J, W. Waterman with beiuo, drunk and disorderly at Ellcsmoro, was hued 5s. or 24 hours in gaol. Helen Harrison alias Pratt, charged by Superintendent Normoyle with being drunk and disorderly at Ellesmere, pleaded guilty, aud was (¡ned 10s., or 48 hours in gaol. Tho same person was further charged by the superintendent with having made use of obsceno language in tho town of Ellesmere. She pleaded guilty, and was fined £1, or soven days' imprisonment. < On tho 17th ¡nat., beforo R. G. Ladbury and E. VV. Bonner, J.'HP., tho same parson was charged by .Superintendent Normoyle with having at Ellesmere, on tho 14th ¡list., unlawfully resisted Constables M. Flynn and Wm, Scully whilst in tho execution of their duty. Plea, guilty. Fined , £2, or ono mouth with hard' labour'in tho Launceston j gaol, . ' I . Walter William Knight, ohargod by Superintendent Normoylo with having, at ElluBinoro,' on) the )14th ' inst., feloniously stolen a corusaok, of tho value of Is., tho property of David v Pinner, pleaded not guilty. Tho cvidonco of Maria I'atmore, William Gcorgo1 Piuuer, and Constable ?Flynn was taken foi* the 'prosecution, ,and of Gcorgo Mefrs und Clarence Sutton for the 'dofencc, and after'tho accused had made a statement, tho Bondi considered tho charge to bo fully sustained, and sentenced him to two mouths' imprisonment in the Launces- ton gaol. A second cluirgo was also pre- ferred against tho accused for having on tho same dato feloniously, stolen from a ¡shop at Ellesmere a picco of cheese of tho value of i8d,, i Ibu, property >of. Maria I'atmore. At the request of Mr. Normoylo this charge was allowod to ho withdrawn. .Titi*1 weather ' continues very dry and warm, ncuompanicd by Btrong westerly mid south-woatorly , breezes, Many creeks ure drying up,' and^ho water in wells getting low, whilst tho pasturago is almost dried to .tho luoiisist/inuy of sticks. Bush'fires arc raging in various directions, aud tho country is wrapped in dcuBo smoko. Should this condition of things uontinuo much longer, wo shall all become thoroughly 'I carbonised." ,i February l8, '. 