NEW ENGLAND. j (Inverell Argus, Nov. IS.) Reports as to the prevalence of snakes continue to reach us. A large brown specimen was killed near " Roslyn," on Thursday. It was quietly re- posing at the side of the road.-Another reptile met his quietus yesterday, on Boss' Hill, at the hands of Mr. J. Adams. A serious fire occurred at Mr. Charles Lewin's property on Thursday evening. There had been a fire during the day on a portion of the property of Mr. Lewin, senr., and several neighbours assisted in putting this out. The same night the osage-hedgo at " Pinehurst," and the oorner-post at the bound- ary of Mr. D. Jack's property, were found to be ignited. The flames spread to the orchard, where a large number of valuable trees ware destroyed. No clue to the origin of the fire has yet been dis- covered. A number of bush-fires Btill rage in th» vicinity of the town. (Glen Innes Guardian, Nov. \6.) The newly erected Town Hall at Glen Innes was formally opened on Nov. 9, the Prinoe of Wales Birthday, by a ball. The architectual design of the building must be classed as composite, having different orders introduced in the work, viz.: Corinthian, Ionic, and modern, like most of the buildings of the time. The front is ornamented with bold projecting cornices, colonnades, entablatures, with runs of good design to form a finish to each story. The tower is also furnished with very im- posing cornices, entablatures, finíais, and Corinthian pilasters, and completed on top with iron palisading and flag- staff. The building has a very imposing appearance. The dimensions of the different apart- ments being : Entrance hall, 12 x 12 ; lobby 13-6 x 8-6 ; pnblic library, 20 x 17 j G. office, 20 x 17 ; Town Clerk's office, 20 x 14 ; shop at each end 22 x 20; vestibule 48 x 10 j lavatory, 10 x 6. First floor- Council Chamb2rs, 27-9 x 20 ; office, north end, 20 x 17 ; central office, 20-10 x 12 j 2 balconies, ' 20 x 4-6. Tower room 12 x 12. Large hall 77-6 x 40 clear ; stage, 40 x 15 ; two retiring rooms at back, each 12 x 10 ; balcony, 15 x 5. The hall when full will hold about 750 people. Heights-tower, 63ft. j flag-staff, 73ft. ; second cornice, 32ft. ; hall, 20ft. 5in. The crops in every part of the district are in a very backward state. It is thought, even at this advanced stage of the season, were the district "visited by a copious fall of rain, fairly abundant crops of hay could be depended upon. A severe dust storm passed [over Glen Innes on Saturday afternoon. For fully a quarter of an hour the town wa3 enveloped in a dense cloud of dust-so dense, indeed, that the largest buildings in Grey-street were hidden from view. The dust was succeeded by a delightful downpour of rain. The rain was singularly opportune, and somewhat relieved the misery caused by the hateful, blind- ing dust. 