C0R0WA. (FBOM CUR OWN COBBESPONDENT.) At a recent meeting of the Corowa Pastoral Society the following resolution, moved by Mr. J. G. Gray, of Kentucky, was agreed to:— " That, in the opinion of this meeting, the action of the Government in reducing the State aid to agriculture from £1 to 5s. for every pound contributed in subscription? and donations, is calculated to affect most disastrously the great pastoral and agricultural industries of this colony; and that this society gives its most cordial support to those members who oppose any reduction of the agricultural subsidy." A most successful conversazione was conducted at the Wesleyan Church on the 25th ult. The building was well filled, and an excellent evening's entertainment was afforded; while the adherents of the church proffered bounteous supplies of fruit, cakes, and tea to their patrons. Interesting addresses were delivered by the Bevs. J. P. Branch (Wealtyan) and J. Watt (Presbyterian); and Mrs. Fraser, Miss Duncan, Mr. L. Fraser, Mr T. Macliin, Mr. Finley, and others r. ndered valuable assistance. Tickets were fixed at the low figure of Is. each. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the holding of a public ball on the night prior to the Corowa races, was held at the School of Arts on Friday afternoon. There were present —Mr. H. Hay (in the chair) and Messrs. W. H. Cotesworth, L. Willis, H. Lovibond, C. W Bell, E. R. Nicolson, F. C. Piggin, A. D. Longmore, J. O. Leslie, D. Symmons, E. A. Wegener, W. H. Hudson, and Dr. Lang. On the motion of Mr. Willis, seconded by Dr. Lang, it was re solved to hold a ball; and in addition to those present the following gentlemen were appointed a committee:—Dr. Loughrey, Messrs. D. B. Smith, G. Smith, W. Sloane, J. Sloane, T. Sloane, H. P, Bray, R. Edols, J. Edols, G. Oakes, J. Oakes, Rawdon Wilson, R. Alston, A. Thompson, J. A. Bamber, C. N. Marr, S. J. Chenhall, J. Mackins, J. M. Cooke, H. Willis, A. K. Beveridge, G A. Pillinger, H. Caughey, G. Graham, W. Graham, M. Graham, and A. G. Morley. Messrs. H. P. Bray, J. M. Cooke, A. Thomson, W. H. Hudson, and J. A. Bamber, with the secretary and treasurer, were appointed a sub-committee to arrange matters generally in connection with the ball. The application of the Catholic Church committee for hire of hall for three nights during race week was approved of at a meeting of tlie School of Arts committee on Tuesday evening The other business transacted at that meeting was of an unimportant nature. A meeting of the show sub-committee to rearrange rules, prize-list, and conditions of entries, was held at the Globe Hotel on Tuesday afternoon There was much discussion of the programme generally, but most alterations of importance it was agreed to leave for suggestion and consideration at the next full committee meeting. It was definitely decided, however, to have selling classes for sheep added to the programme for next year, the society fixing the prices for the rams and ewes in those particular sections prior to the exhibition, and any surplus obtained to go to the society. An alarming bush-fire started at Redlands on Tuesday, and is reported to have done much damage to Ringwood, Monomeith, and Burraja properties on Tuesday and Wednesday. The glare on the latter night was very conspicuous in Corowa. A second meeting of those favourable to the establishment of a Rowing Club was held on Wednesday evening. It was notified that abont 30 members had paid the entrance fee of 10s. each, and some half-doeen others bad promised to do so. The general opinion seemed to be among those present that success could not be hoped for with an enrolment of less than SO members. A great many promises to support the club when fully established had been received, but it was felt that the promoters of the club were not justified in incurring heavy monetary responsibilities on such visionary help. A motion was moved that the project of forming a Rowing Club be abandoned. An amendment, however, postponing any such extreme course till another meeting to consider the matter had been held a fortnight hence, was carried by a small majority. Thus matters remain at present, hopes being strongly entertained by some enthusiasts that more than the requisite 50 will be induced to join. The regular meeting of the Australian Nativrs' Association, which was to have been held the same evening, was postponed in consequence till next Wednesday evening. 