? WORTHAM* ROADS'BOARD. > !, J .' , ;l: ;,j . i -V 'J- 'I- . I J i The usual'monthly meptingwas held on tiie 7th instant. Cresent.- The Chairman and Messrs, bretton, Wilkerson, W. B Dempster, and J. ' JB. Morrell. Absents ¡Mr. W.tf. Morgan. ' ' * i Thp minutes (Of last meeting were/read and d «pnfirmed. * ,.. , "^ ¡(i i ! s M On the motion of Mr. Wilkerson, seopndeiL by"Mr.~Frenôh, "Mr. C, E.~ Dempster, J.P., waa re electee! Chairman for the current year. Mv. J. H. Lloyd was re- elected Secretary to the Board for the current year, on the motion of Mr. W. S. Dempster, seconded by Mr. French. ACCOUNTS. The following accounts were passed for payment, vip. ;-Harry Poole'« account £fy 10B. for clearing around all bridges and pu Ivers, on and along that portion pf the Northam and Guildford road, cstending-.from the Avon Bridge, Northam, to tilia junction ' with the York road, as a preventive against bush-fires. , Jacob Delmage, 6s., for removing a fallen tree from off the Katrine road. CORRESPONDENCE. The Chairman read a letter from the Hon- orable the Acting Commissioner of Crown Lands, replying to a letter from the Board of the 10th ultimo, Tecommending a right of way to Frederick P«acoek, from his home- stead to Location 7-366, as applied for, which having been duly considered, it was resolved that the Chairman be requested to rep,]y 'suitably. It was clearly explained to the satisfaction ipf the Board, that the removal, or shifting, of the gate from the entrance of the gravel; pit on the ,Northa.in-Yoi'k ,roaâ?; referred to in toe minutes' of the last monthly meeting of the said Board, took place with the sanction and approbation bf the member superintend, ing works en the said road ; with a view te its being erected at a more eligible point on the said line of road, where, as good if not be ter, gravel can bo obtained, ?The Secretary was instructed to send the usual notice, re cart and carriage licenses to <tho West Australian for publication. j , The meeting then separated, 1 ! 