IT will be noticed from a paragraph elsewhere that SRA HENRY PARKES has solicited the Victorian Government to revoke the proclamation prohibiting the introduction into Victoria of grapes from this colony. The Premier has taken this step, it is stated, in response to appeals made by vignerona in this locality, who complain of the injury they sustain by the maintenance of the restriction referred to. The Melbourne papers state that the Secretary for Agriculture is opposed to a withdrawal of the prohibition because "it would be impossible to distinguish between grapes sent from dif- ferent parts of New South Wales, and that, therefore, so long as phylloxera was known to exist in that colony it would be most dangerous to allow grapes to be imported from it." — Admitting the necessity for extreme caution in guarding against the introduction of Buch a disease as phylloxera, it may still be contended that in this particular instance our Victorian neighbors Are a little over-careful. If the phylloxera insect can be introduced in grapes, it may also be introduced in raisins, and a prohibition against the introduction from phylloxera-inveated countries of the ordinary dried fruits of commerce would seem to be a logical sequence of the prohibition of New South Wales grapes. But as a matter of fact there is no phylloxera in this district,and the fear expressed by the Victorian Secretary of Agriculture that grapes might be sent from infested districts is en. tirely baseless. The nearest point from which grapes affected by phylloxera could be obtained is Oamden, and the best evidence of the .absence of all danger from that quarter is to be found in the fact that it would not pay to send the grapes so far. There is consequently no danger in removing the probitition, and there is a great deal of injury|caused to trade on both sides of the river by its being mantained. Before the traffic was stopped, large quanti ties of grapes grown in this neighborhood were sent over the river for manufacture on the Victorian side, to tha benefit of all concerned, the grower obtaining an outlet for his produce, the Victorian revenue obtaining the duty, and the town where the wine was made profiting by the trade so created. Now all this is done away with, and for no reason save the perfectly groundless fear that Camden vigneroris will be foolish enough to "carry coals to New- castle," by sending grapes 850 miles to one of the principal vinegrowing districts of the colony. _ • IT has been tolerably - well understood for some time past that the advocates of settlement need look for no support at the hands of the present Government. The Premier, despite his great capaoity and energy, has never • been at the pains to master the intricacies of the land question, and the Minister for Lands is evidently no friend of free^selection. If any doubt existed on this point it would certainly be removed by his action upon the Privy Oouncil decision in the case of EDOLS V TEABLH. It w$s not perhapB to be expected that any definite steps would have been taken to give effect to the decision until the arrival of the actilal written judgment, a report of which so far has only been received by telegram; and a mere suspense of action in the matter for a few weeks would haVo afforded no cause for complaint. It appears, however, that something more tLan a mere postponement of the subject is contemplated. In reply to a question on the subject in the -House, Air. G-ABBHTT said " He did not think it advisable in the public interest to at once Catae a cancellation of all reserves made pending the decision of that case for the purpose of holding over the selections affected thereby. In the Land Bill now before the House, the disposal of these areas is proposed to be dealt with; and, pending a decision on that proposal, it is intended to retain the reservation by which they are now covered, and to protect forfeited lands of this character by reservation." This answer seemB straightforward enough at a first glance, but its true meaning is made apparent on reference to the new Land Bill mentioned, a clause of which provides that in future all forfeited selec tions within leasehold areas shall revert to the ran on which they are situated. That is to say, the intention of the framera of the law as interpreted by the highest legal authority in the empire, is to be defeated in order that the statute may conform to Mr. GABRETT'S idea of what it ought to ba Of course no such alteration of the law can affect rightsalready acquired and now affirmed by the Privy Council, but if the new Bill should be passed, free-selection will receive another severe check, to the detriment of the best interests of the colony. MORE BOSH FIBBS.— Farther extensive damage to pastures is reported as the result of bush-fires in the neighborhood of Walbundrie and Burrumbuttock. The exact locality of the fire is not stated. ESIATE OP J„ DEVENE.—A special meeting in the estate of James Devene was held yesterday before Mr. T. A. Browne, District Commissioner. The following debts were proved :—Fleming and Chaancy, £34 3*. 8J.; J. Wilkinson, .£14 4*. The insolvent did not appear, and the meeting closed. CBOSBBBEEDING.—Mr. John Scarlett, of Bethanga, is responsible for the following :— " About nine months ago I was visiting.an Acquaintance who lives a secluded, bachelor's life on the Murray about 20 miles above Albury, on the Victorian side of the river, and there was a very pretty kitten sleeping on his bed, which I fancied, and brought away with me. My friend remarked at the time that he could not understand how the kitten came there, as he was miles away from any other settler, aud his cat—a light tortoiseshell female—never strayed away, nor did he ever see any strange cits about the place. The locality swarmed with opossums. I had some difficulty in taming the kitten, it being very wild, but after a week it got more domesticated, and then began to show its opossum proclivities. As soon as it got dark in the evening young ' puss' would commence her game of climbing up on every piece of furni ture, and gambolling about Its fur, too, is clean, and positive proof of its crossbred origin." ELECTION EXPENSES.—At the Council meeting on Wednesday evening, when the usnal list of accounts was submitted for payment, A|derman Jones took exception to the item of £5 118.61. for expenses in connection with the ballot nnder the local option clause. The account was made up as under: —Presiding officer (Mr. Conley), £3 33.; poll clerk (Mr. Paine), £110s ; clearing court-house, 7B. 6i.; refreshments, lis. Alderman Jones objected to the .sum of £3 3s. being given for a day's work to a man who in the ordinary course did not, he said, earn more than that in a week. And if it were the business of the Council Clerk to do work of the kind, he ought not to charge for it, as if he did he was being paid twice over, since he received a regular salary. If it was not the proper work of the Council, then the Council ought not to be called upon to pay for its performance. If it were Government work, the ratepayers ought not to,:be saddled with this charge. Alderman M'Donald asked if it had been the custom for the Council to pay it. The Council Clerk said it was a usual thing, otherwise he would never have charged it. The returning officer could appoint his own poll clerk, and he (the Conncil Clerk) was not paid for this work by the Council. When away from his office he paid a clerk to do the work. Alderman Mate said he was opposed to local option altogether, being in this as in other matters a thorough Ireetrader. The law, however, authorised the taking of the vote,, and though it might be hard to impose this charge on the Council, the law had to be obeyed. Alderman Billson said the Council received certain assistance from the Government, and in return had to incur this charge. After some further dis cusaion the item was passed. SALE ov BOOTS AND 8HOE8.—The last two weeks of K. M'LENNAN and Co.'s clearing sale. They intend making substantial redactions in prices of their boots and shoes, of which they keep a very largeJtockof the principal English, Continental, atuJEoupal manufacturers' goods, consisting of iMRgjPaijprench Kid Shoes and Boots ; BatemmjgPjf^qnality Court and Dress Shoes ( VernoJPChildren's "High-leg Glaze Kid Boots ; Pollak's and Wolf's high-class Hand sewn Goods in Gents' Elastic- sides and Bal morals; Gillespie's famous goods in men's, women's, and children's. The best value in the trade* Oall and see for yourself.— [ ADVT.] TFSW ADVEBTKEMENTS. —The following is a summary of the principal advertisements which appear for the first time in this issue :— Balance-sheet Ilowlong School of Arts; Mr. E. F. Reid holds sale of stock, &c.;, 20th Feb. ; Messrs. W. 0. Steel and Co. sell furniture on early date; Messrs. B. Gibson and Co. sell store cattle at Wodonga second Friday in March ; Messrs. Dougharty, Son, and Parker sell horses at Wodonga 22,23 March ; Indo-Chinese tea at Mate and Co.'s; annual meeting Corowa Pastoral and Agricultural Society 21th February; tenders for brickwork, &c.; Mr. Phillipson sells land at Wangaratta 1st March; horse lost; tea-meeting at Mullengandera 29th February ; races at Howlong 27th March ; firm of Feely and Blake dissolved partnership; balance-sheet Corowa Pastures and Stock Board; Dederang races 9th March; land for sale at Doodle Coonai T. Robinson and Co.'s chaffcutters; tenders wanted for building Salvation Army barracks at Wagga; V.B.C. races 3id to 10th March; Messrs. Goyder and Hay hold Enroa market 21st February; St. Patrick's Day Sports, Narandera; firm of Macartney and Co. dissolved ; Mr. M. Curtin holds clearing sale at Berrigan 25th February; Mexican seed wheat for sale; Mr. W. Grahame sells watches by auction; Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. sell fat and store stock at Cjrowa 21st February; Messrs. Dougharty, Son, and Parker hold clearing sale near Wodonga 3rd March; Messrs. Chenery Bros, sell fat and store stock 29th February ; Mr. H. Cnlley sells live stock bt Urana 29th February. 