TELEGRAMS, Intercolonial. Stunkt, Soptemhor 3. A meeting of thn Convocation of tho Uni Ycrsity of Sydney was held on Saturday, at which a rcrim of resolutions wore pass*?. It wns decided that tho convocation should moot twico in each yuar, and that that body should ask for power to cnablo it to originate any Httituto or regulation and rccomraraiJ tbo mraa 1or tuo appToval of tho senate. Tno mooting aftirmed the dt'Mrablenosfl of fellows of the hvnuto boing elcoted for a dofinitn term of years nnd I'xnrewod an opinion in favour of pro fessors bciujr re-|uircd to submit thomselven for election ma fellows of the senate. A motion relative to the election of chancellor by con vocation was discussed, but it waa aholred by thn previous question boimr moved. All (he sections of tho Aiistralia!i Association for the Advancement of Science, with tho nx oeptiou of thn ohemical, brought their work to a liloso on Siiturdsy. Adiniriil Fairfax hoisted hU flagonH.M.8. Orlando 011 Saturday morninir, whon ho was reef ivni with tho usual nav«l honour*. H.Jf S Kelson leaves to-day for l'lymouth. Disastrous bushfires are reported from the Camden dinri-t. The scene ij described as one of awful (irnnileur. Au appeal by Silt Toke, against a decision sit tho Water Polieo Court, when the appellant was fined £50. and £10 10s. costs, in default six raontli.s* imprisonment, on a charge of acting as hanhor in a gambling house, wai upheld by Judge Dowlinur on Saturday. Thero was very little business done in specu lative iiMee on Saturday evening, in connei1 tion with tho lenrlinc spring events, and prices were mmlt/Ttd lii~tho double event wagering nn tho V.E 0. Derby and Melbourne Cup, Volley has been coupled with :iiiuost every horse' left in the lasbiamnl race, so that very little money remains for laying against the daughter of Mu-kot and Lady Vivian. Mr J. A. llaitin, son- in-law of Mr. J. S. Farad], will be the freetrade candidate fop Hedfein. It is rumoured that, at two mines in the Wollongong district, the men have made a demand for an increase in the hewing rates besides others claims, which it is feared will eventuate in a strise. Commander Lee, of the Xaval Artillery Volunteers, has boon appointed captain of ths Permanent Submarine Mining Corps, at a mIatt of £io0 a year, with the usual quarters and alluwancts. jfaLSOUBXE. September 3. The atttind^cce a: the exhibition L- said to be i iccrc.irin^. scd on Saturday it was attended bv ^1,013 r«7*?n--. Tm evening wa* wet. Aa orchestral o.^cert was givea in the afternoDU. and a porular coacet: is the evening. A meet- i icg of s'eou* ?0 m-nibers of the choir was held j on Satarcev afternoon, to protest against tho j non-sJmi;.-ion of the choir to the Saturday even- j ing ccnorrLc. A resolution was carried that | the choir V- s.iiukuii to all ccuccns in which they are not engaged. itr De- skin sat* that the local option bittls in Victoria has only just commenced. The Ooverniuent have proposed to introduce a inea»urt= io prpvpot the Act of last session bein- nullified by a mere technicality. The ret revenue for the last two mpnth? is £157.527 more than the estimates. The fii-t intercolonial lacrovse match between Vittmia u:id ^outh Australia took place on Saturday, when Victoria won by 5 goils :^.'iiu--t i. At ;t nic-etinir of lahourers. held on the Jiiistr::!i!.:i wiif.rf yesterday, only £i \S~. was foilceteil for the Newcastle miuers' strike, and 'Os. was colk-cttd for the sa::ie object at tho Port Mi-!tourne railway pier Adelaide, September 3. A heavy fall of snow occurred on Saturday morning in t-e Mount Lofty ranges, a few miles from Adelaide, and also in some other hish lying di.-n-icts. Hob.uit, September 3. The position of political affairs is universally regarded as unsatisfactory. The revenue for the. past mouth is very good, amounting to over £52,600. Tho fcironoinsr were detained liy interruption ti-i'iin*in:iuiiratinn.') 