CURRENT TOPICS. It is gratifying to find that the Camper- down and Curdie's River railway has not been lost sight of in the struggle now going on to obtain railway communication. Mr Wm. Anderson, M.L.A., on Thursday for- warded us the following telegram, with regard to our forest railway, and another further west:—"Tenders for lines from Camperdown to Cardie's River and from Koroit to Dunkeld and Hamilton will be called early in the third quarter of this year." Although some months will there- fore elapse before the work can be pro- ceeded with it must certainly be regarded as welcome news that the line will be in progress, and probably advancing towards completion, before the end of the present year. It has been arranged by the Postal authorities to open a new post office next Monday at South Purrumbete. The service will be bi-weekly, and the office will be open for the reception of 31b parcels. AN important meeting of the Camper- down Railway Extension Committee is to be held in the Temperance Hall next Thursday at 3 'clock p.m. A full attend- ance of members is requested. The demand for excursion tickets has fairly set in, and the five shilling class of tickets has almost run out, so that any who are entitled to obtain these should lose no time in doing so or they may be disappointed. All tickets should be pur- chased by Tuesday evening, as on Wednes- day morning the required carriage accom- modation has to be intimated to the Rail- way Department. From present appear- ances the excursion promises to be the largest that has ever left this district, and as a public and bank holiday has been gazetted for the occasion everyone will, have an opportunity of participating. A report was current during the week to the effect that a syndicate had been formed in Melbourne for the purpose of testing the Port Campbell district for coal. Further inquiry tends to show that however welcome the news might have been, the report is incorrect No doubt some misconception arose through a contemporary having published news from Apollo Bay under the heading of "Port Campbell." Reference was made therein to the formation of a syndicate to prospect for coal at Apollo Ray, and to the intention of the company to secure a diamond drill to properly test the country. At the same time experienced miners are confident that there are better indications of coal in the Heytesbury forest than on the eastern side of the Gellibrand River. The return match between the Camper- down and Colac cricket clubs will be played to-day at Colac. The local team is a fairly strong one, and it is hoped that the result of the last match will be reversed to-day. So far the Camperdown cricket club have been very unsuccessful, and have suffered defeat at the hands of every club they have competed against. By the R M.S. Rome, which sails next week, several young gentleman from this district will proceed to Great Britain for the purpose of further prosecuting their studies. Mr M. Neylon. as already stated, will attend the Edinburgh Uni- versity. Mr E. Manifold, of Purrum- bete, and Mr K. Mackinnon, son of Mr D. Mackinnon, of Marida-Tallock, leave in the same vessel for the purpose of at- tending an English University to com- plete their education. Captain J. N. M'Arthar, of Lawranny Park, also con- templates a trip to Europe, and will probably leave Melbourne on an early date. A bazaar and sale of gifts in connec- tion with the Bible Christian Church, Camperdown, was opened in the Mechan- ics' hall on Wednesday. There was an attractive display of goods, both useful and ornamental, and a good business was done during the evening by the various attendants. The shooting gallery and the galvanic battery afforded amusement and fun, and the refreshment stall was well patronised. The bazaar was open to the public on Thursday and Friday nights, and on each occasion there was a very fair attendance of the public. It will be open again this evening when all the goods on hand will be disposed of to the highest bidder. No charge is made for admission to the hall, and as the bazaar has been originated in aid of a deserving object there will doubtless be a large attendance. The ordinary meeting of the Camper- down Literary and Debating Society was held on Thursday evening. The chair was occupied by the president, Mr F. Rae, and the attendance, especially of lady members was very fair. The routine business having been briefly dis- posed of, the subjects on the syllabus were next under notice. These were the annual addresses of the president and vice-presidents. Mr. Rae commenced by showing (1) the objects and necessity of a debating society ; (2) the benefits to be derived from it; (3) the best means to be employed to obtain these benefits. The speaker pointed out the social object of the society, and he proved that under certain circumstance, man would either, on the one hand, degenerate to the level of the brute, or on the other he would become intellectually unsociable. Mr Young.-one of the vice-presidents, then addressed the meeting. He con- sidered that to bear out the president's remarks each member ought to (1) read, (2) write, (3) speak . Notes should be made while reading, and if referred to afterward it would be found that they greatly assisted the memory in recollect- ing tbe contents of a book. — Young mem- bers especially should take notes on the debates and essays of the society, and this would aid them to speak clearly and fluently if persevered with. Misses Henderson, Hope and, Watt with generally complimentary remarks. The subject for next meeting is a debate, " Is the federation of the world possible?" Mr Brown will take the affirmative and Mr Young the negative side of the ques tion. The annual meeting of members of St. Mary's Church, Cobden, took place on the evening of the 11th inst. Mr W. H. Forster was elected chairman, and read a letter from the vicar regretting his un- avoidable absence. The retiring com- mittee submitted the report and balance sheet for 1887. A vote of thanks having been passed to these gentlemen for their honorary services, the following were re- elected :—Messrs Andrews, Johnstone, Marshall, Myers, senr., Myers, junr., and Walker. Messrs Atchison, Day and Forster were elected, vice Messrs Davey, Tarrant and Wilson retired. After some discussion, it was agreed that the annual entertainment in connection with the church should be held in March. More definite arrangements were left in the hands of the committee, and will be advertised in due course. A meeting of the Park Committee was held on Thursday afternoon to take steps to repair the damage recently done to the fencing by a bush-fire. Mr J. Hope, the proprietor of the adjoining land, was also in attendance. It was decided to replace the portion of the rabbit-proof fencing destroyed, with a wire fence, and run a barbed wire along the top of it. The work will be proceeded with at once. A tender was accepted for painting the caretaker's house. The annual meeting of the Camper- down Bicycle Club was held on Wednes- day night at the Temperance Hall, for the election of officers, and the trans- action of other business. Mr H. C. Heales was unanimously elected presi- dent, and Messrs M. Neylon and C M'Cabe vice-presidents. The secretary was instructed to obtain the consent of each gentleman to act. The remaining office-bearers were elected as follow:— "Captain, Mr W. A. Hall; vice-captain, Mr Jas. Jackson; hon. treasurer, Mr A. C. M'Qualter; committee, Messrs R. Ford, Wm. Jackson. T. Fewtrill, A. C. M'Qualter, and N M'Coll; hon. secretary, Mr Wm. Boyle. The secretary was instructed to notify all cyclists that sub- scriptions were now due. It was also decided that the club should hold weekly runs. After some discussion it was agreed to use peak caps for day riding. The meeting was then, adjourned till further notice. ' A swamp hawk has taken up its abode in proximity to the town, with the evident purpose of farming on the chickens and young; fowls that may be picked up in the yards of the residents. The hawk seems to be more than usually bold, and is not deterred from sweeping down into a back yard by the presence of a human being. Early yesterday morning a resident of Church street was aroused by hearing a commotion in the yard at the rear of the premises. On going out to ascertain the cause of the disturbance he found that the hawk had attacked and killed a canary which was in a cage under the veranda. When disturbed the hawk had succeeded in severing the head from the body and partly dragging the body between the bars of the cage. Owners and trainers of horses are re- minded that, nominations for the Cup, Handicap Hurdle Race, and Ladies' Bracelet, in connection with the Camper- down Turf Club Races, must be in the secretary's hands not later than 9 p.m.'on 25th inst. Acceptances, and general entries close at 9 p.m., on March 9th. Our Cobden correspondent reports the death of Mrs Hood, wife of Sir John Hood, of Cobden. Mr and Mrs Hood have resided in the district for twenty years, and may therefore be regarded as old identities. The deceased had been complaining for some time, but nothing serious was anticipated until Wednesday, when she died. It is probable that Camperdown will be favored with a visit from Rev. Dr .Marshall Lang, of Scots Church, as nego- tiations are at present being entered into by the Camperdown Presbyterian com- mittee with a view of securing a lecture from him. A fire broke out in the Green Hills paddock, Danedite station, on Saturday, and about 400 acres of grass were burnt before it was got under. The origin of the fire remains a mystery. Foxes appear to be greatly on the in- crease in this district A very large one was killed recently at Danedite by one of the station hands. A young man named Frederick Warner, described as a dealer, was charged at the Geelong police court on Thursday with having obtained the sum of £13 12s by false pretences. The warrant for his arrest was issued at the instance of Mrs Edith OFarrell, and Mr Jas. Tannock. of Ballarat. The accused was remanded to appear before the Ballarat police court on Wednesday, 22nd inst, and was admitted to bail in one surety of £20, and himself in a similar amount. On Monday evening a meeting of the Colac Regatta committee was held, when the balance sheet produced showed that after paying all expenses of the regatta, amounting to £334 17s 6d, there still remained a net credit balance of £166. Tbe hon. secretary (Mr Dyke) received well-deserved praise for the manner in which he had worked for the regatta comm- ittee, and it was resolved to present him with a certificate to the value of £20. Mr and Mrs Halliday left Camper- down on Thursday for their future home, Boort. Mr Halliday has been for some years connected with the local post and telegraph office, and his promotion to the position of postmaster has given general satisfaction. Mrs Hall May was the re- cipient of a silver butter dish from a number of her lady friends in this town, and also received other tokens of esteem prior to her departure. There was a numerous gathering at the railway station to see them off on Thursday afternoon. A concert will be held in the 'Me- chanics' Hall, Camperdown, on St. Patrick's night (race night), the proceeds of which will be in aid of the local Catho- lic school. The services of Mr Gordon Gooch, of Melbourne, and other profess- sionals and amateurs, have been secured. A TEA-MEETING and sale of gifts in con- nection with the Cobrico Presbyterian Church will be held on Tuesday next. Tea will be on the table from 6 to 7-30 p.m. The members of the Camperdown tennis club are invited to meet at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next, "to consider whether it is desirable to wind up the club. The results in connection with the recent competitive examination for the 200 scholarships of £10 each, tenable for three years, offered by the Education department to State school pupils, has not given satisfaction to the Minister of Public Institution (reports the Age). The conditions under which the examinations were carried out fixed the maximum number of marks at 500, but by an extra- ordinary oversight no minimum number below which prizes would not be awarded was provided for. Consequently when the first examination of, the 500 cumpet itors took place, and resulted in throwing out 300, the examiners had no other course to follow than to award the prizes to those'pupila who had been left in, irrespective, of the number of marks obtained. The necessary result was that scholars who obtained only 10 per cent. of the maximum number secured a prize equal in value to those who obtained 31 per cent. This is clearly set out by an instructive analysis of the examination furnished by the examiners. It shows that only six of the pupils answered satis- factorily the whole of the questions put to them; 81 obtained 31 per cent, 48 gained less than 25 per cent., nine were credited with 30 per cent, and one scholar less than 10 per cent, of the maximum, number of marks. The examiners, in a report to the Minister of- Public Instruction, pointed, out the diffi- culty they labored under, and stated that a satisfactory result could not be obtained unless a minimum number of marks to be fixed say at 200, was agreed upon. Mr Pearson admits the force of the remarks made by the examiner, and in all proba- bility will carry out their suggestion. The Minister holds that the test of a pupil's qualification to hold a scholarship cannot be regarded as similar to the pass examination adopted by the University for matriculation, inasmuch as the former is a competitive examination. A very destructive fire occurred on Wednesday evening at Mrs Parker's Oak farm, Rokewood. A steam threshing plant belonging to Mr F. Sides was at work on the farm, when it accidentally caught fire, and though every possible exertion was made to save it and the adjoining property, it was not got under until the whole of the threshing plant, three stacks of corn, two stacks of hay, the chaff-house, farming implements, and stabling, together with a quantity of chaff and hay, belonging to Mr H. A. Bown, which was stored on the premises, had been burnt. The total damage is over £700, and there was no insurance. A peculiar debt case was tried in the Equity Court on Tuesday, before Mr Justice Webb.-- Two laborers' named Walter Hay and John M'Murray were working on the Terrihallum station, near Camperdown, in 1877. The former lent the latter £100, and now sued him for that amount with accrued interest. The defence was that the claim was barred by the Statute of Limitations, but the plain- tiff proved to the satisfaction of the judge that the defendant had paid 30s on account in August, 1887, thus taking the matter out of the operation of the statute. A verdict was given for £159 13s and costs. Mr Bryant and Mr Wynne ap- peared for the plaintiff: Mr Mitchell and Mr M'Mullen for the defendant. With the object of improving the sys- tem of farm cultivation adopted in the colony. Parliament voted a sum of £130 last session to be distributed in prizes to the owners or occupiers of the best managed farms. Regulations prepared by the Minister of Agriculture conferred on each agricultural society throughout the colony the privy- lege of nominating a farm, the respective merits of which were to be decided upon by three competent judges. The money was allocated in two first prizes of £50 each and two second prizes of £25 each. The judges, Messrs R. Dodd, agricultural reporter of the Leader T. K. Dow and A. M'Naughtou, having inspected the farms entered for competition have made the following awards: —Southern division: First prize, W. Anderson." Rose'mount, Koroit, nominated by the Koroit Agricul- tural Society; second- prize. N. Walter, Devon Park, Coghill's Creek, nominated by the Ballarat Agricultural Society. Northern division: First prize, Mr J. Johns, of Katandra, Dookie West, nomin- ated by the Moira Agricultural Society; second prize, Messrs Gilfillan Bros.; Janefield, Biringhup West, nominated by the Maldon Agricultural Society. A correspondent writes:—Mr Jas. Toohey,:M.L.A., has been recently using his best exertions to get a post office es- tablished at the East Mepunza State school, but has been disappointed by the general post office authorities. The hon. gentleman will, however, make another effort, which will probably have a differ- ent issue—backed up by some of his par- liamentary colleagues in the west. See ing that this important convenience to the inhabitants thereaway could be worked in connection with the Nirranda and Nollawarre mails, the concession ap- plied for does not demand any additional outlay. People in that portion of our favored district naturally look for fair treatmemt at the hands of the Post master-General. At present newspapers and letters are very uncertain in their delivery. At the meeting of the Riponshire Council held last week, the rabbit in- spector reported on the result of the action against Mr Alex. Wilson, lessee of Mount Emu reserve. He had since been on the reserve, and saw 31 rabbits and some undug borrows, about which he had written to Mr Wilson. After a discus- sion the council resolved that all parties should be notified that proceedings will be taken against them unless the notices sent by the inspector be acted on without delay. At the meeting of the Colacshire council ou Wednesday a letter was read from the secretary of the shire of Hampden di- recting attention to the difficulty of access to the Princetown ferry from the Colac side of the Gellibrand river.—lnspector Stewart, who had quite recently visited the locality, in reply to the council, stated that the approach to the ferry on the Hampden side of the river was very much worse than that on the Colac side. The Council decided to inform the Hampden council that they did not consider it necess- ary to incur any farther expense at the place. We notice that Senior-Constable Fin- The Public Wotis Department on Thursday accepted the following tenders : —Erection of wooden buildings at State school and teacher's residence. No. 2756, Jancourt. near Cobden—H. H. Stephens, £350. Papering, painting, general re pairs, and fencing, ifcc, to police build irnrs Jlortlake-Joseph Wykes, £92 5». Erection of stone buildini; for sergeant's quar.ers at Warmambool—Wm. Kellas, £052. Mr Jas. Blain, son of Mr. Joseph Blain, has constructed a vehicle, which, if successful, is expected to completely revolutionize the present mode of travel ling. He has endeavored, by an adjust ment of wheels and belts to be worked by occupants of vehicles, to do away with the necessity of using a horse or horses for traction purposes in buggies. Mr. Blain purposes taking out a patent for the con trivance. At tho Police Court on Thursday (reports the Advertiser) a laborer named • Thomas 51'Aravey. who was nrrested at Camperdown on the Bth inst, for lunacy, and subsequently remanded for treat ment to the Geelong Hospital,"' appeared' in answer to the "charge. Dr.F.J. New man stated that prisoner, whom he had ex amined daily,"during the paßt week, had recovered, and was fit to be discharged. M'Aravey was a little strange when taken to the hospital, probably from the effects "of liquor, but none of the usual symptoms of insanity remained. The magistrates— Me<srs Belcher, Heosley, and Rutherford, —decided to discharge the prisoner. - ■ We (Standard) are 'informed that Means.' Thomis Dowlii g and Sou's Jellalabad clip, whirh was sold recently at the London wool sales, has averaged 12Jl in the grease all round, puces, brlliea, and locks be<nir included. The top price paid was 18d, which, for gnasy wool is, in these <iaya. a very hig:r figure. ■' A Koroit correspondent wirts that Mrs. Murdoch Jl'Leod, of Hawk sdalc, while lifting a bat; at a haystack on Satur day afternoon, at 5 o'clock, was bitten by a large I'lack snake on the little finger of her right band. A lL*ature was tied round tho fiuyer, but this was shortly afterwards foolishly removed, and the patient was driven to Dr. Jermyn, at Koroit, reacuiiii; there at half-past 9, quite m-eusible, , »nd with berjtws risnd. Ether was inji-cte 1, and ammonia inhaled, aud the patient rallied. .She however," agau relapsed, and was again stimulated and_ rallied. The patieut has since reciivere3. '■■ ■':"• '. ' - ■ ■'. \,' * Wifhave received the first issue of the " Shearers' Record", a monthly journal, the official. organ of the AmilgamateJ S»rarers' Union of Australasia. The publisher is Mr. G. Andrews, AlUndale. Me. J. Nelsun holds hi* u«ual »ale of live stock, &c;, at bis yards to-day. ; Mr. J. Hyhod will hold his next period ical sale at Uarroc ou Tuesday, 21st iti»t. Me. If. Shriek notifies the sale of his recent!; acqaired property iv Caaiperdowii: Mb. F. J. Clarke will hold an importaut sale of cattle aad sheep at Stansmore's yard* at 2 p.m., on Saturdayi 25th inEt. Me. 3. Thornton will hold bis weekly sale of live st ck at his yards tn-day, when he will offer 60 head Victorian bred ooUocks. TesDebs are invited, returnable on Thurs day, 23rd inst., for erecting a sm-ill skeleton ■iUnil uf hardwuodon.the Camperdown race* . coarse. .Mb. T. Maoders. from Geeloog, is an nouueed to presch the gospel to-night op posite the Lrara hotel, aad -at the Temper ance hail to- tnurrow Bight. -Mb. J. Thoniton will sell by public aucuun, on Saturday, 3rd March, under instructions from the mortgagee, Crown allotment 10 A, parish of Corricjang, contain ing 60i Or 37 p. ' Messrs. Ettershank, Eaglestone and Co. (in conjunction with. Messrr. li'Leoi and Booth) will hold an important and unreserved clearing sale *t3meaton t in connection with the Seven Hills and Smeaton estates, on Thursday and Friday, March 8 and 9. 