NOTES FROM YORK. From our Correspondent. For the past few days we have enjoyed delightful weather for this season of the year, but yesterday bushfires surrounded the town, and the clouds of smoke, together with the heat, made things rather disa- greeable. I have to chronicle the demise of a well known storekeeper of this town, who expir- ed at his residence on Tuesday morning. I refer to Mr. W. Kett, who had been lingering for a considerable length of time. The deceased was a shrewd man of business and possessed many good qualities. His remains were interred in the Church of England cemetery the following day, being followed to the grave by a numerous and highly respectable cortege. He leaves behind him a wife and five children to mourn their loss. The Police Court on Monday last was literally crowded, it being difficult to find sitting accommodation for the large number of spectators who had assembled to hear the business of the day. The first case brought on for hearing was for disorderly conduct on the eve of the New Year, in which five young men were supposed to be concerned. One of the prisoners— a youth named Woods— was released, it being proved that he was not implicated. The others — Wetherall, Kett, Lynes, and White — were each fined 10s. In imposing the fine the magistrate severely reprimanded the cul- prits for their misconduct, and informed them he would pass a heavier sentence if such behaviour were brought to his notice again. The charge preferred against Patrick Connor, for shooting at Patrick Sherry with intent to do him grievous bod- ily harm, was next heard. The prisoner said that when he fired he intended only to frighten, but unfortunately he fired too high, as he meant to hit the ground. He seemed greatly distressed, and when questioning the witnesses at times ap- peared almost dumbfounded and had to be allowed a considerable amount of time before he could put the questions, some of which were totally irrelevant to the case. Sherry occupied a seat in the court and had to be assisted in and out. In his evidence he denied ever having tam- pered with the property which was in the charge of Connor, and stated that when the gun went off he was walking along the footpath. He confessed to having helped to remove other property that night, and also assisted in ringing the bells at the different places of worship. The magistrates committed the prisoner for trial, allowing bail to the amount of £150; Messrs. J. T. Monger and H. Davey acting as sureties. The next charge on the list was an assault case, in which Mr. George Martain, of Cubbine, figured as prosecutor, and Mr. Jonah Parker, of Dan- gin, as defendant. From the evidence of the prosecutor it appeared that the de- fendant visited Cubbine on the night of the 23rd December last, for the purpose of removing some cattle which the prose- cutor had impounded. They proceeded to the yard, and almost immediately after they entered it the prosecutor states that Parker pulled off his coat and hit him (Martain) with a revolver on the shoulder and in falling he struck his head against a waggon that was standing by, which stunned him. The defendant stoutly denied striking Martain, and stated that the revolver did not belong to him. He further said that two men, named Ellis and Hayman, attacked him, and between them they handled him rather roughly. For the prosecution Ellis and Hayman gave evi- dence denying the statements made by Parker, asserting that they heard cries of "Murder" emanating from the cattle yard, and when they arrived on the scene they were just in time to see Parker clearing the gate. They made chase and succeeded in catching him, but the two men were un- able to hold him. For the defence an aboriginal native was called, who stated that the revolver belonged to Martain, as he had lent it to him (the native) some time back. The magistrates retired, and on returning into Court dismissed the charge with costs. After an adjournment of about an hour a cross-summons, Parker v. Martain, Ellis, and Hayman, for assault, was heard. The only witness was a young man named Arthur Sewell, and he was some hundred yards away when the alleged assault was committed. The mag- istrates dismissed this charge also. The next case was Parker v. Martain, senr., Martain junr., Hayman and Ellis, for an assault. The evidence went to show that the two first-named defendants attacked the prosecutor and threatened to 'lynch' him — an expression which Martain, sen., denied ever making use of, as he was ignorant of its meaning. The witness Sewell and native Golunie stated that they threatened to tie the prosecutor up to a tree, and in handling him they tore his shirt nearly off his back. The Bench was of opinion that the charge against Martain, sen., and jun., had been proved, and fined them each £5. The change against Hay- man and Ellis was dismissed. This con- cluded the business of the day and the court adjourned at about half-past five. It is well-known that the passenger-train which arrives in York from the Port at 3 p.m. very often carries with it a large number of passengers. It is hurried on to Beverley after a delay of about a quarter of an hour, giving the passengers hardly time to alight from the train before they are called to take their seats again. I fail to see why the authorities cannot allow the train to stay in York, say for an hour, as then it would give the passengers sufficient time to partake of refreshments. One hour would make very little difference to the Beverley folks, as the train does not return until the following morning. This matter commends itself to the consideration of those in authority at head-quarters, and I hope ere long a more satisfactory state of affairs will be brought about. It will be remembered that at the Decem- ber meeting of the York Municipal Coun- cil Mr. Joseph Pyke would not allow himself to be sworn in as a councillor, stating as his reason for so doing that the election of the Mayor was illegal. However, since then Mr. Pyke has become reconciled, and at the meeting held on Friday last he took his seat and the usual formalities were gone through. Wheat is fetching 3s. 9d. per bushel, cash, and flour is selling at 26s. per bag. The tenders that were received for the erection of the Wesleyan chapel in this town were considered too high, and I under- stand that fresh ones will shortly be invited. The enterprising firm of Messrs. Thorn, Bower, and Stewart have started a brick- field here, and the sample of bricks turned out is quite up to the standard. Notwith- standing that there are very few buildings in course of erection here just now I am given to understand the firm have already received several large orders. January 13. 