BOB DUNCAN. (By W.H.F.) "Do you feel better now, 4ir 'Take a ,drink of water. Are you much hprt: Will you try .ad get on my horse,.or will youl walk to our ,house up the creek, about .a ,quarter of a mile." "Thank you, my boy, i'll walk;I am too stiff to got on your pony. Where is my horse f What, prot up yet f" " No, air, i think 'Ihis neck is brokcen." "Poor Old Othello; 'he was the grandest ;horseo I over rode. Why, he is qqite dead. Have I been lying there'long t" " A good .whilo, sir. Iwasafraid you were more than ,stunned; you lay so atill while I bathed your head with water." ." Thankyou, I am Ibotter now, though very diszy and sore. "I'll go with you home and rest a bit, and ,then seea about burying my poor horse." Ant the two speakers, Mr Joseph Ham ,mood, the wealthy quatter, owner of Bolao Bolao station, famous for itacattle.and race hiorses, a true sportsman, and a genial, handsompe, stout, thorough English-Aus. traliap, walked slowly side by aide up the creek with little Bob Duncan. Bob's mothqr was a widow, who two years ago had beep left with three small children .of whom Bob, then eleven, was the eldest. Mrs Duncan had found its hard struggle to get alepgon their small farm, but the neighbors had been gcod, and, with the good seasons, the stock had prospered, and she had manrged to keep her head above water, and brave little woman that she Swas, looked forward for hotter times. When Bob came up with Ir Harummond Mrs Duncan was all sympathy for him, ,and applied such remedies as were in the house, made him take a good drink of •brandy, anl got him to lie down and try to sloop. Bob wont back to where the ,dead hIorso was lying, und removed the .naddle and ridle nd carried them in front of him on his own horse up to the house. Mrs Duncan kept the house very .,luit, and Mr Hammond slept till nexst morning, when he got up and joined the little family at breakf.ast, and, after a hearty .meal, pronounoced himself per. footly ,recovered, and began to make ,enquiries nato how he would be able to .continue his journey. Bob suggested thpt lie shopld hire a horse from Old Bill tmhe rnbbitter, on which he could ride to' moonthe conch, whioh passed within five polee of 'thle horuse. Tie was agreed to by Mr Hammiond, who also paid Old Bill to bury his horse, and, after thanking Mrs Duncan for her extreme kindness to him, and making Bob a present if the saddle and bridle, and giving tie other children something to buy lullies with, started with Bob to catch the coach. They were just its time, and after a hearty shakehands between the big man and the little lad, Mr Hammond climbed upon the box, the coachmnan started the horses, antd the coach soon passed out of Bob's sight. Bob was a little follow, but he had a big heart, and used to help his mlother by goiung out on the run and catching rabbits. He had two fine kangaroo dogs, Fly and Nip, and many dozens of scalps he sold to the overseer of the station near them. EtVen his little brother and sister helped in hostting traps for the rabbits and snares for the opossums. It was in June when Mr Hammond got hurt, and a neighbor had just bought twenty store bullocks for Mrs Duncan, and as she was allowed six months to pay for them, the widow looked forward to being able to sell them at a profit before Christmas. They were good cattle and healthy, and seemed to bhe thriving. The seasons were early where Bob lived, and in September Bob got taken on the station for a month, to help in the mustering and drafting for shear Ing. Boh was a fine rider, and as he was very light could got more work from the horses than any of the men, and was ap preciated accordingly. The overseer kept all hands hard at work, as the season was setting in very dry, and pro. mised to lie very bad, and sheep were being sent off the station, and driven to another station, in a cooler and better watored part of the country. When Bob came home again he noticed a great diffe. rence in their place. It was no longer bright and green, but was already drying up fast, and the water in the creek was rapidly decreasing. Bob was a plucky little fellow, so he at once set about cover ing over some deep holes in the creek with the saplings, so that the loss of water by evaporation would be greatly diminished, but he could see that the cattle were not improving like they had been, and unless they got rain the grass would not carry them till Christmas or fatten them. Week by week things got worse, day after day the same glaring hot sun, with clouds of dust on the roads, the same fierce drying, burning heat, and and on the hills raging bush- fires. At night the ranges look splendid, but they only looked fearful to Bob and his mother, who saw in that dotted streak of fire what might happen to their own paddock. Every night that line of fire came nearer, and every day the smoke that hung round and made the air stifling got thicker. Bob rode out to the fire every day and reported it gradually getting near.sr and nearer. And one morning whent a strong wind was blowing he tad to ride round to two or three of their neighbors and implore them to come and hellp to put it out, and all day they worked away choked with ashes, blinded with smoke, grimy and blacked, they fought like fiends against a bigger and stronger fiend. Brave little Bob battled away all day, opposing his pigmy form but bigger branch to that mile of flames. Who that has seen our Australian natives in the hell of a bush fire would ever doubt their courage in'any scene of strife or bloodshedf At last towards evening the wind fell and with one despairing effort the flames were smothered, and poor little Bob dropped down in a faint, urconscious from sheer exhaustion. They carried him out of the smoke and sprinkled him with a few drops of water, when he started up with " Where's the cattle; is it out f" The fire was out, but part of their fence and most of their remaining grass was burnt, and they seemed to have nothing to look forward to but ruin. Christmas Day I I wonder if in all our fair Victoria there could be found two people more utterly miserable than Mrs Duncan and Bob. On the table was their Christmas dinner scarcely touched. Mrs Duncan could not deny the two younger children their Christmas dinner; but she and Bob had not the heart to eat a bite. To-morrow the bill for their cattle was due, and they had nothing to meet it with. Some of their cattle had died, and the rest wore skeletons that Bob had just managed to keep life in by fulling scrub for them to eat, and they would not bring £1 a-head. What were they to do? Here was a bill for £100 due to-morrow, anid they had ab solutely nothing wherewith to pay it. No help could be looked for from the frm of auctioneers, as, owing to their losses with the bad season and speclas tionsgoing wrong, they had themselves got'into difficulties. They had done all they could, but troubles had heaped on them. No grass, no water, broken fences, and fire had all come down on them together-even the rabbits failed them, as Bob's dog Fly had got badly staked and Nip had eaten a poisoned bait and died. Ruin, ruin, and despair I The mother heaved a deep sigh, and began mechanically putting away the dinner and clearing the table. With this dull heavy dread at her heart she felt 'like in a dream. ý' A merry Christmas to you;" Mrs Duncan. " Same to you Bob," said shrivelled-up, sunburnt old Bill. Here's a letter for you, Bob, as I gotap .*t the station. Shocking hot weather, ain't it? Bob' took his letter. opened 'it, and noticed a slip of paper pinned to it; a cheque. " pay Bob Dunoan, or bearer, £100."-Nn. its no use, I cal't put that queer thrilling yell into leottese that he gave as he sprung from sis chair, -and waived the cheque before his mother. His mother oetcked at the cheque, and saw it was or £100. but would like to see the letter. Here it ie:--",0aulfield, 20th Doecember.-Dear Bob,-My horse won the Melbourne Cup, and woe me a lost if money, so I do not forget nmy old friends. Please accept the clheque for a Christmas boax.-Your, truly, J. Rlasoen." But Mr Hamnmond did moro for Bob than that. le took alhi intokhi stables, and is making a man of him. io is sure that if he does not win a race it is not bhecasuse either horse or rider are not doing their iutnost, and le 'has overy confidence in Bob, and it is not m ispaaond. Bobl, has already won several r?c, s, and hopes to pull off a Oup some dlsy. When he Is I tempted, as he has been, lhy unscrupualous racing imsn, hlie smiles qsaai ntlo, and thlinks of that chleque for £100, snd sthat Christ ma whetho they were so ,iorahle. 