TO THE EDITOR OF THE ALBURY BANNER. SIR,—I noticed with regret a resolution passed by the Pastures and Stock Board re prohibiting burning off timber, &c.;, from 1st October to 1st May—at least I consider it altogether prohibited if the power as proposed is given to the said board, viz., permission to be obtained from Pastures and Stock Board to allow applicants to burn off timber, in the time specified. The fact that the members of the eaid board are chiefly large graziers, who do not require to burn off timber, and suffer no loss from the farmer not burning his tor the purpose of clearing his land, the chance of a farmer who is situated CIOBO or perhaps adjoining to these graziers is but a feeble one in the way of having the permission granted. Takin g It altogether, the proposal if a very unfair one to farmers. The fact that it costs fully 30 per cent, more per acre to clear land in winter than in summer, ought to be considered by every farmer and body of men representing their interest. It is admitted in a leading article of your valuable journal, and by every other man who haB a practical knowledge of burning off, that burning off may be carried on in summer without danger provided the person so burning is careful and complies with the present Act; it is also argued on the other hand that not every person is so careful; but there is no doubt that that negligence could easily be remedied by simply fining the culprit in a penalty of say .£100, or six months' imprisonment. The Slock Board seem to take it for granted that all the bush-fires start from a farmer burning off—in fact I believe a good many share this opinion, especially those who have been informed respecting the fires by members of the Stock Board. However, that that opinion is very wrong is proved by the fact that every tire in this vicinity started in the middle of the squatterb' runs, and which also tends to show that they start altogether from another cause. It is often enough hinted by some passer-by that the cause often is the none too generous hospitality of certain landowners, and indeed it is to be believed that they know more as to how these fires start thau anyone else. The reports of those who come into contact with these passers-by would indeed startle some landowners in summer-time. For the purpose of preventing bush-fires the Stock Board is going altogether in the wrong direction, but simply seeks to add one more to the many hardships the farmerhaB to put up with here. It may be eeen from Mr. Kiddle's own words what consideration we may expict from him. When Mr. M'Kellai remonstrated that it would be rather late to continue restriction up to 1st May, as it would be quite safe to burn in April, Mr. Kiddle said the suggestion was not one only lor this district, but for the whole colony. The fact is that when we in this district Lave summer weather iu the mouth of November, other parts of the colony are enjoying spring in the same month; again, when we have winter often enough in April, some other parte are enjoying summer in the s '.me month. Mr. Kiddle forgot that fact; hence this ill-considered suggestion. I wish to urge on the laiming community to look to the matter at once, to prevent such an injustice becoming law. The present Act, with perhaps one chain cleared of all burning material around the land which is intended to be burned, or if neglect can be proved to comply with such Act a fine of £100 or six months' imprisonment, will have the desired effect. In conclusion I wish to urge once more that the farmers should not cease agitating until the proposal is altogether dismissed, or the power the Stock Board wishes to exercise conferred on a committee selected by the farmers or such a body as the Farmers' Union, from whose hands we may expect to receive fairness and justice.—I am, &c.;, FARMER. 