Cablegrams. LONDON, March Uth. Charles Bradlaugh's Bill, providing that now members (0 tho Commons may make affirmation in stead of oath was read a second time by a majority of 100. The Government consented to tho intro duction of tho Bill. A treaty has been signed at Washington between the American authorities and the Chinese Ministor excluding the employment of Chinese labourers in the United States for a period of twenty years. Terrible gales and heavy snow storms are being experienced throughout England. Railway and other traffic is stopped. Numerous wrecks arc re ported along tho coast. Colonial stocks continue to advance. The Chinese Ambassador in London has protested against exceptional legislation being resorted to in the colonies with regard to the Chinese. He says it is opposed to treaties between England, and China. There are at present 268 inmates ia tbe Sydney Benevolent Asylum. The South Australian fund for making a presenta tion to tbe Prince and Frinooss of Wales on their silver wedding amounts to 100 guineas. The Dunedin Protection League (N.Z.) has deoided to adopt the Victorian tariff. Prince Bismarck is unwell. HiB medical advisers have ordered him to take complete rest. Operations at the Barwon Paper Mill, Oeelong, have been suddenly interrupted by a shoal, of odls ohoking the turbine. Tho Full Court of Viotoria upheld the sentence of death passed on William Grocook for outrage and robbery at the Glen Huntly railway station. At the annual meeting of the Adelaide Licensing Bench it was stated: that the hotel accommodation proved ample for all requirements during tho late exhibition, and that no complaints had beon rooeived from visitors. John 0. Bratiano, the Premier of Roumania, who lately tendered his resignation to the King, has re constructed the Cabinet, and will retain offloe. M, Bergen, the French Commissioner for the Mel bourne Exhibition, has persuaded 243 Frenoh ex hibitors to apply for 64,000ft.. of spaoe at the exhibition. When the R.M.S. Ormuz was off Gibraltar a pas senger named Ogden was missed from the vessel. It is not known whether he fell or jumped overboard. Tho reported disoovery of coal at Port Willunga (S.A.) was made near the beaoh. The seam in said to be below high-water mark. Professor Tate ridi cules tho idea, and Bays the coal was doubtless washed up by the waves from a quantity lost at Boa, Tho Queensland National Association have re quested tbo Colonial Secretary of that oolony to appoint a board for the purpoBO of inquiring into the oausos and naturo of the diseases at present provalent amongst horsos and cattle A sorlouB bush-fire ooourred on Saturday at Sebr, '7 topool, on tho Combining run, near Temora. Si* teen tons of hay, a largo quantity of fonoing, and m«gh grasB woro burnt, 