DRANA. SUNDAY, February 26. (FROM CUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ; After a very long spell of dry weather, on Thursday occurred a change, rain beginning to fall in the afternoon and continuing to do so till Ear into the night, the gauge showing 75 points next morning. The succeeding day broke close and cloudy, distant thunder making itself occasionally heard-; this- became much lander and more continuous as the honiB went out, till about inidday, when another really good downpour commenced and lasted till about 3 p.m, the quantity of rain measured at its cessation heing hn mch here, while at Brookong 3w. came down in the same space of time. If dewa can serve I «to point the moral," one might fairly conceive | that the back of the summer is broken, for we have had one each night since. w h e n c e A bush-fire was raging on Urangdine, whenc« it crossed to Wallaudoon again, when the ram came on and effectually "swamped it. The Bev. Matthew Bell, who h'* * ? ministering to the spiritual needs of 1 the 5 1 Presbyterians in the distnet since Rev. Mr Adam's departure, will, it is expected, receive* call and be inducted into full charge very shortly. that the manse: will be no longer unoccupied. The same reverend gentleman married a couple from Daysdaleon Wednesday last, in the commercial-room of the Uraha Hotel. The following gentlemen have been elected members of the Pastoral and Stock Protection Board, Sheep Branch, for the ensuing year, viz : —Messrs. Or mo ad, M'Larty Sargood, B. £> Andemon, and D. Robertson; and for large stock, Messrs. M. M. Lloyd, C. B. Gell, and W. Newton—all unopposed. Three horseracing matches came off yesterdav, the first for £10, between Bar wick's Black Bess and Keegan's Minnie ; won by the former. The second was for £5, between Fletchers Beeswing (1) and Black Bess (2). The thud was for £7 10s., between Donoghue (1) ana Slippery Billy (2). _ . , On Friday evening St. Leon's Circus reached the township, but did not perform that night, owing to the preceding rain. Last night, however, it did so, the house being crowded in all parts. Since their last visit to Urana the troupe has been recruited by new arrivals from both Englani and France, their performing ponies being much strengthened by the accession of fresh talent. A visit to the circus will be amply repaid. ' 