SUMMARY. Basoliallors iu Adolaido. Gronfoll a mn33 of charcoal. Disastrous Bros ovorywlioro. They now call it Grouioll-in. Russo-Japanese treaty a hoax. Oneo more Plutarch failed to stay. King Mil in throatens to abdioato. English mail dolivory 2 p.m. to-day. Basoballprs swimming in cUumpagnb. Tho Christinas three — throe big fires. Lord Salisbury has put bis foot into it. British building forts outside Suakim. S S. Hankow safoly floated in the Canal. .Railway voluntoer oompnnios in England. English railway servants becoming volun teers. Gulf of Guinea, s.s. duo. to-day from London. West wing of Alfred Hospital, Molbourno> destroyed Nnrses at Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, bo- Lavod with groat ooolneas at the firo. Botween 7000 and 8000 people unablo to obtain admission to the theatres and plaoes of . amusement last night. Tho patients of the wost wing of tho Alfred Hospital, Melbonrno, aro now oampod uudor touts about tho grounds. Arthur Curnow, a young solioitor, died from typhoid this morning. A poaoh upset in Nowra on Christmas morning and soveral passengers were more orleBB injured. Mr. T. C. Kennedy, tho locnl Protection advocate, will deliver an address at Nowra on January; 5, and is prepared to argno tho question with any Foreign-trade representa tive. Nowra Rifle Rasorvo Company will be represented at the Western Rifle Associa tion's third meeting, to bo hold at Bathurst during February. Speaking of a firo, " tho inmates were all absont." Sydney D.T. Latest in syndicates. £1,409,000 offered for the fortifioation walls around Paris. "Hans tho Boatman" has caught on at tho Criterion. So hnvo tho audience. Window breaking is a favourite pastime with somo of tho Lambton " boys." Tho police are on the lookout. Tho associated masters will meet tho minors' delegates on February 2 with regard to the 4s 2d por ton whioh the Limbcon management have refused to acknowledge. Shooting uccidonts in f ashion. Throe at Rylston. Christmas Day iu Adolaido the hottest known. 107 in tho shade. Russian warship Nayezdnik at anchor in Farm Covo. To spy out tho ualiodncss of tho jand, &c.;, of course. Herald makes anotkor spasmodic effort to-day to bolster up tho righteousness of em ploying unemployed on private laud. Tho two men who recently assisted tho Kiama pilot to save tho s.s. Ajnx from found, oring have boen "rewarded" by the Marino Board with tho handsome sum of 20 1 each. Mrs. Buckley's baby took first at Illa- warra baby show yesterday. Tho judges escaped all right. H.M.S. flriffoa has arrested a slave dhow at Zanzibar. Seventy slaves aboard. Boulangcr is a candidate for tho vacancy in tho representation of the Somo. I-Io say s ho oan whop any Government nominee. A man throw a lighted match on a young lady's dress in Melbourne Botiuic tl Gardens yesterday. Tho young lady was much burnt. Soventy drowned and thirty burned in the Mississippi disaster, only twolve saved. Inqunsr. on victims of Church Hill fire ad journed till to-morrow. "Hands Across the Sea," was witnessod by a crowded house at tho Royal last night. Canterbury Park weights appear in this issno. The bluo and white bannor of tho Squire of Eirkkam was well to the fore yesterday. Tho Bandwick courso requires a thotough examination at the point whoro tho falls occur, in order to reassure owners, riders, and spectators of its safety. ,. Missionary schooner Dayspring returned to Sydney from tho New Hebrides this morning. R.M.S. Lasitania arrived to-day from London. French mail steamer Oooxnien, honoe to , Marseilles, reached Melbourne this morning. Samnel Hardman of Jimboombah (Q.)> attempted to wing n fowl for his Christmas dinner ; and brought do wu his brother. Tho latter is recovering. American steamer at Hayti released. You bet. Also half-a-million dollars paid over. The public wore heavy losers by tho viotorv of Cardigan. It is not often that stable soorets are so well kept as iu the ease of Cardigan. The owner's monoy was only pat on a few minutes before the start. Yostorday at Caulfield the weight kopt Mains behind Menotti — ono of tho moat moderate horses in training.) Coogce Palace Aquarium. Tho lead ing pleasure resort of Australia. Sen sational toboggan rink. The magnifi cent swimming baths. For oqtertain- ments, see morning papers, A. E. Stop- ford, mnnagor. Monstor tomporanoo demonstration at Kiama yeBterday. Tho country around Narellan looks splendid. A petition to ho sign id by women is being ' got up in favour of t ie cundemued woman Collins. A policeman was noticed last night about tho higher levels of tho Globe, aud shadowed » fowl stealer. Thanks to the par in the Star. Russia claiming littoral territory in Abys sinia. Lively Adelaide Christmas. 154 in sun, 107 in shade. ' Hotter in sun. Soulier Hosmer says that he thinks that O'Connor or Tueiner could boat Searlo. Send them risht along then. Effect of scullers' dishonesty spreading iu America. Tommy Atkins nt Sankim grumbling bo- oanso lie mustn't mangle the retreating , Arabs. That fire at Alfred Hospital, Molbonrno, cured two patients who had been iu bod for months. They got up and walked, anil hnvo since declined further treatment. Man who had been banging about Wodonga Creek finished iiiuisolf off by drowning. Heavy bushfires in vaVinus parts of Vic- toriu. Good rain at Browarrina, Coonamblo, and other inland jjlaees. Horrible murder by a dissipated husband at Cnmberwoll, Victoria. John A nglin sent his wife to hoaven at Camberwell, Melbourno and then gave him self up. Carmielmol and Sharphain confessod to Htenling .£408 from Enterprise Building Society's cushbox, Melbourne. Croydon (Q.) goldliold in five mouths, 59,234oz. One hundred and oighty-nino speoial tram- ears yesterday. Aro thoy kopt iu picklo. Registrar-General of Victoria, ltiohard Gibbs, died on Christmas Day, Worry, caused by disclosures of frauds in his office, accelerated his decease. Petition to be presented to Govornor in i'avour of Louisa Collius being reprieved. American war vossnls threatened to shell Port Au Prince and demand an indemnity lor an American vossol detained by the Govern ment of Hayti, W.I. Attendance at Melbonrno Exhibition yes terday 33,755, and on Christmas Day 21,105. Tho Egbria, survoy ship, endured soundings of over five iniio3 depth near tho Friendly Islands. Whitney's agreement to establish a small . arms faotory in Victoria to be signed directly That Box of 1000 sovereigns dropped over board from the Alameda is still at the bottom of tho deep bluo soa. Disastrous fire at G.-oifell. _ A stroot da- . Bfcwycd. . Melbonrno datoctivos have arrested the people who stoAo tho cash-box and £103 o tho Enterprise Building Society, Mel bourne. 