IN SOUTH GIPPSLAND. Bi Bmtnl A SELECTOR'S FARM.' When at Cioverdale, I saw what.might be accomplished in the way of developing the great resources of the district generally known as the Bass Valley by capital, judi ciously expended by a non-resident pro prietor. I was anxious before leaving the neighbourhood to sec a genuine selection, and with this view I wnlked over to Dngen ham from the property of Mr. J. Lawrence. The farm is situated on the Wattle Creek, and joins Mr. Gibson's land on the southern side. Mr. Lawrence is one of the oldest settlers in this forest, and with the assist ance of his sons, he has made more improve ments on his holding than I saw on any other selection during my trip. The work of forming the pleasant farm out of the dense jungle has been performed entirely by him self and his family. The area ot the holding is a little over 400 acres, end of this about 2co acres have been cleared of scrub and planted with European grasses. A large portion of the cleared land is flat, on which clover grows most luxuriantly. Leaving Cloverdnlc homestead we followed the course of Wattle Creek down stream to where it makes a sharp elbow round a steep hill. At the angle of the creek we came oti an old steading now included'in Mr. Gibson's farm. Mere were many garden plants grow ing in the wildest luxuriance, biit the black berries threaten' soon to cover the whole .-pice once occupied by the selector's garden. I was told these blackberries yield immense quantities of the finest fruits during the season. Hound the point of the hill we came on to a piece of indifferent soil, the presence of which was marked by a forest of badly grown messmate gums and a dense growth of yellow blossoming plants locally known as the native hop. I do not know why they have received this name, for they are quite different to the native hop of the Western District, The soil on this poor patch differs verv slightly in appearance from that which carries such an admirable sward of grass only a short distance away, but the difference in the vegetation is such as to tell n bnphman of the change lis far off as one can see the trees and undergrowth. The belt of poor soil extends some distance nut from the font of the hill, and it is Mr. Lawrence's opinion that its presence is caused by the winter rains washing the sub soil out of the rat-holes on the hills. He holds this opinion so st rongly that lie intends shortly cutting a drain along the foot of the hill to prevent the Btorm water from rnnning over the flat As we went further away from the hill we left the messmate timber and the native hop. The Boil was covered with a good sward of ryegrass "and clover, save where a kind of dwarf rush had taken possession of the ground. This rush bears somewhat the ap pearance of that which overruns the pastures on the hills near Casferton. It i3 almost as fine as a knitting-needle, and varies from a toot and a half to two feet long. Many at tempts have been made to kill this weed, but hitherto without success. Cutting and milling seem to make it grow better. Mr. Lawrence has found out by experience that stocking the land with cattle has a better effect than any plan he has tried jet From the way it is dying out in the field where his milkers are grazed, he thinks a, few years will see it thoroughly exterminated. On the way to the house we walked through the milking herd, and a prettier sight I have Beldom seen. They were all of an excellent stamp for the dairy, but what was better Rtill, they showed from their quietness that they were treated kindly 'and welL Mr. Lawrence, jun., who manages Cloverdale Farm, and who was my companion on thiB trip, pointed out his favourites, and so quiet were they, that though lying down they allowed him to pat them without making any attempt to rise. AH kinds of domestic Bt' ck are the better for being kindly treated, but no animal repays such treatment better than the dairy cow. I have never seen dairy cowb show the influence of kindly treatment more than those at Dagenhara Farm. Crossing the deen ditch at the bottom of which runs the Wattle Creek, on a rustic bridge, we readied the steading, and found Mr. Lawrence at work in his hop-ground. This year's plant givs promise of a good crop. They have not suffered from the dry weather, owing to the nature of the soil, and to good cultivation. The area under hops is three acres, of which two acres were planted three years ago. Last year the crop was lOcwt, to the acre, and this year's crop is expected to be fully as much, if not greater. The re mainder of the ground was planted about 18 months ago.. The hop-kiln is a small and very unpretending-structure, but the hops turned out fromithave nofcuperior inthelMel b< urne market. Lust year Mr. Lawrence got the highest price in the market when his hops were sold. From the condition of the little patch of hops grown by Mr. Lawrence I am convinced that, hop-growing will become a very important rural industry in the Bass Valley at no very distant date. The soil is very free, of great depth, and, I believe, ex tremely fertile, while the climate is all that could be desired for growing each a plant as the hop in perfection.' In this favoured dis trict hot winds, such 'as w$ have them in Melbourne, are uhknowh, while the south west wind is broken by the hills And the' forest Surrounding the steading Is* ft good-Sised orchard about seven acres in" extend The trees are of large site for their 'age, and pre-, sent a remarkably healthy and vigorous ap pearance They bear targe crops, of excellent, fruits, the apples being remarkably fruitful. To judge by appearances, the apple will be the great fruit of this district.' CherrSes and plums of all kinds" yield heavy crops. PeacheB used to do well, but of late they have fallen off greatly; and apricots are a complete failure. All small fruits grow in perfection in this garden, but as there is no market for this produce, very few are grown. The raBps grow as well in this valley as in the most, favoured situations in Tftstoaulft. Eventually th^re will be large quantities of jam made in tbeBe hills of a quality that cannot be surpassed in Australia, but that will be when the railway is made, and upon that everything In this district depends. A: portion of the orchard is sown with grass, which was being made Into bay at the time of my visit Throughout the orchard and hop- ground the greatest order prevailed, and I have .seldom Been a garden or steading more , neatly kept. There wee nothing of that aspect, of slovenliness and neglect that" is ao frequently seen At the homesteads of Victorian selectors Everything about the' steading was as neatly kept as- it it was an old farm, And pot so lately , wrested from the foreat and scrub. 1 , j&SJgftlty; et Pagenhath le a very important partofthefarmoperations. Seventeen cows are milked, ana fee return is over lOJb. of butter per oow. The diury is a Urge room within the house, not got up in any way like a modern model dairy/ but the butter that is made In it is equal to anything thrive tasted. I have never -yet met with factory.butter as good." TomysUrprisel found' this )>ut er was all potted, none of it going to Melbourne aa freah butter. In reply to my inquiries Mr. Lawrence said it would not pay to send fresh butter to Melbourne. The cartage to the nearest railway station and the infci dental expenses Were «o~fcervy- that lie lost money by selling his butter fresh. With potted butter it was different; as a trip to the railway station was necessary only when there was a good quantity to send, and the butter he sends to market is of such known good quality that he sells it at a very high price without any trouble, , The"'dairyis conducted on the old-fashioned principle, but I fancy a buby- senarator will be intro duced before long. The saving of labour will lie great, as in the place set apart for a dairy Mrs. Lawrence lias much trouble in keeping the dust out of the milk-dislies in windy weather. The room is well sheltered from the heat, and old-fashioned cleanliness is the rule in the management of the pnten ails. Though the bank on which the homestead is situated is wed above the creek, the soil was somewhat wet, and to remedy this a number of dtains formed of wood have heen run through the hop ground and orchard which may partly account for the success Mr. Lawrence has met with in fruit mid hop. growing. One of the moBt attractive things about the place is a fine young hawthorn hedge. The rapid growthtnade by.thished"e in a few years shows bow well fund jhe hawthorn is for forming live fcnceA in this district.' Near thp house is a very pretty garden plot, in which were blossoming seme choice ilowers. Unfortunately, 'the'-roses were past' blooming, or I would have had the pileasure of seeing a nfew variety, a seedlin«» raised on the place. It is a very handsome rose of a fine dark colour, and has. attracted the attention of skilled florists. The curious thing about the flower is that it should he so dark, while all the other Toses in the garden are light in colour. The vegetables in the garden were all of great excellence. Indeed for European fruits and vegetables I know of no place that is "superior to the light - coloured soil of the Bass Valley. Mr. LawrencehBS, as yet, done verylittle in the way of agriculture, but he has made several experiments by way of testing what the soil will do, and the results have been most satisfactory. He crew maize for three years consecutively on a small plot ot ground, and obtained very heavy yields. The fine summer rains that this locality invariably gets render it admirably suited for maize erowing.^ PeaB grow well and give very heavy yields. Mangels and turnipB give enormous returns when properly grown. The area cultivated for each crop was not ac curately measured, and consequently the exact yield per acre could not be stated, hot Mr. Lawrence says that in each instance the yield was exceptionally heavy. AS the tree roots lett in the cleared ground decay, the area under cultivation will be increased, but in a soil so densely encumbered With roots as that of this old forest, preparing land for thorough cultivation iR a very slow process What has delayed clearing the land for agriculture as much as anything is the difficulty and heavy cost of taking the pro duce to market As yet, the only cultivation practised by Mr. Lawrence is to provide a supply of food for his cows and pigs in winter. A short distance away from the house, which is a bomely and roomy building, is the froit store. Like all the buildings on this steading, it is of the "rough and ready" description. The bplk of the fruit grown is the late-keeping varieties of the apple, which are by fat the most profitable for the grower. A short distance away from the fruitatore are the barn and the pigatyes, the latter being in my opinion the most important bu Iding on the steading. The pigs are ot the Berkshire strain, not fine bred, but of a good robust description, such us a farm pig should be. They get a deal of the skim milk and arc put up in styes to top off. When fat enongh they are slaughtered on the farm and sent to Melbourne for sale. The pork from this farm is well known, and so highly is it ap predated that it realises over6d. per lb., a price that will give a splendid profit to the grower. I fancy when the accounts are made up the pigs give a larger profit than any other industry on the farm. Mr. Lawrence is a good farmer, and when the railway becomes available for sending produce to market he will soon have a considerable area under cultivation, but I fancy the greatest development of Dagenham will be as a dairy and pig farm. After spending an hour or so on Mr. Law rence's well-kept steading I started back to Cloverdale, ana on the way made a detour in order to passthrough a piece of scrub land belonging to Mr. Gibson. Our way was through what at a distance looked like a level grassy flat, but it was the roughest piece of walking I have done for years. The sur face seemed naturally corrugated; the towers of the land crabs were numerous, and were sometimes nearly 2ft high. The tussocks were heavy," and where there were no tussocks there was.the rush. At last we reached the Bcrub, and a very interesting place I fonnd it. We passed through a nattirai bower of great length, which mast have been repxarkably beautiful before it was Injured by a bush-fire which passed through a portion of the ecrub last season, tier* i saw spiennia specimens of the creeping fern, which climbed'up the stems, of the • scrub plants full;' 10ft. high. Formerly this place Was arched over by the climbiqg fern. The greater portion of the scrub was on a flat and gently rising ground. The soil appeared to be very fine, "arid will eventually tri'afce admirable farming land. We kept'a' good look- out for a large tree that' is said to be in this scrub, butsaW none above 7ft. in diameter. To my great disappointment 1 learned afterwards from Mr. Lawrence that we, pasted close to the' tree, and that be dould hnye given us directions so that we could not have failed to find it; From bis description 1 learned tbnt the tree is a dead trunk, and that it took seven tall men witt; outstretched arms to en circle Its bulk, The circumference is esti mated at about 42ft While scrambling through'thta'scrub we kept a watch for lyre birds,and I was lucky enough to have a close view of a full-grown hen.. We also saw some of the mophds made by the cock birds, on which tbey perform those curious dances of which one bears such extraordinary accounts from those who have seen the performance. On the return trip we took cbacb at Grant vllle, a small township on the Bbore of Westernport Bay. The country immediately surrounding the place is of a very inferior description, but there ie within a moderate distance a large area of magnificent eoll, now ooverpd with foreet and scrub, but which will eventually become the finest agri cultural portion of victoria.; The develop ment of tbie splendid district depends upon the completion of the Great (Southern Rail way, the enall-llke prbgritaf of which bee There are no lineajn Wptorii inat Will prove _Jfer re\£^olr^lfen^1^ndS >Wh rail war rommnnleatloB between the BsM Valley and Melbourne, the citizens of the metropolis would besupplied wjtta en&bund; nnce of the finest fruit, vegetables, and dairy ' rodace in the.world. In this favoured land bad seasons euch na .we have in other parts of Viet«t'ft ore unknown. The present is considered a bad Beason in the Boss Valley, »nd the grasses are green to the hilltops and clover blossom scents the air. 