A LECTURE ON AUSTRALIAN ART. Dn. McI.ErsNEY, LL.D., under the auspices of the local branch of the Australian Natives Association, delivered an interesting lectire on"'"Australian Art" at the" fortnightly meeting of the association on Monday even. iong.' The' president. Mr. James Hall, occnpiedthe chair,and there was an encourag ing attendance of visitors. The lecturer prefaced his remarks by reference to the influence that surroundings everywhere have on man. This climate, when compared with Great Britain, was found to possess a purer air and lighter atmosphere. Surroundings influenced us as much as they did the success of a syndicate venture should the day of sale prove wet or fine. When the air was pure the range of vision was extended : when it was close the view was restricted. This also re-acted upon us. A description of the climateof the Loddon, Wimmera, and adjacent provinces was then given, and the characteristics of the inhabitants quoted in support of the arguments adduced. The scenery of the dry and barren plains was next contrasted with that of the southern parts. In New South Wales the scenery around the Blue Mountains resembled that of England ; and similar scenery was to be found in Queens land, at Towomba, where land as rich as any in the world was to be found. Byron said "I am become a part of that which surrounds me." We could not resist it; we were all consciously and unconsciously affected by our surroundings. The Austra lian gum was shadowless; the English oak threw a thick shade. The leaves of the gum were vertical, and allowed the sun to pass through them; the oak leaf was broad and flat. Then our trees and vegetation did not lhold moisture like those of Great Britain. The exhalation from the oak was enormous, whereas thick covering of the gum prevented its moisture escaping. The leaf always re tained its hard appearance. The moral of this was that we should not crowd ourselves together as in England, but should have plenty of light and air; thus following nature's laws we should not congregate in cities or confine ourselves in homes, but spread out. Language was incapable of con veying an idea of the silent majesty of the Australian forests; jits influence on the brown tanned face of the bushman. The doctor then vividly described the well-known picture "Off the Track,"which he pronounced I work of art in every respect. The picture not only represented the lost traveller, but gave a representation of the Australian forest, and conveyed an idea of the suffering and energy required to make it habitable. The red gum of the Goulbourn valley was in marked contrast to this ; and was one of the finest trees that could be looked upon. The surroundings being all different from those of England must produce a corresponding effect on Australian art. In reality nature here worked by contraries, thus proving the antipodean nature credited it by those at home. In England trees shed their leaves; here they threw off' their bark Australian birds not sing; wild honey was bitter; even the favorite kangaroo could not act like a decent animal, but must run on two legs instead of four. The seasons were different. Tennyson sang In the Spring the young man's fancy Lightly turns to thoughts of lore. But hero it was otherwise. Instead of assembling round the Christmas tireside as in England, the young man hurried off to the mountains and elsewhere for a holiday. Here it sought to make all men equal. Therefore, Australian art could not represent the baronial home-the favorite institution in other countries. Turner's two famous pictures " Fi0hting for Home," and "Saved" shich depicted tlho stubborn fight with, the bushfire, and the hard bought success that crowned the efforts to save the homesteac and flocks, were vividly described by the lecturer. Then Loongtatls "lBreaking the News" was treated, and held to be the re flex in the mirror of nature. A contem plation of the pictures could not fail to influence anyone ; hence, whether our surroundings were represented in marble, poetry, or the application of the painter's brush, they still influenced us. Mr. Tom Roberts, artist ; Mr. Hall, Mr. Curtain, and other gentleman expressed their appreciation and enjoyment of the lecture, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Dr. McInerney. 