Timber Destruction in the Cape 0 tway Forest By " Traveller" Several eminent fecieutista&nd; statisticians have recent ly asserted that, at the rate that timber ' destruction . is being carried on' at present ii different parts of the world, not many centuries will elapse before the timber \- supply will vbe fonbd : altogether inadequate to meet the demand/ and a 'question of the very. supremeBt importance will be how to replace tbe forSats that have been so ruth lessly destroyed. Whether such a time will ever come or net the fntnre alone can reveal, bus certainly ifthereporta that have recently be n current in 'bertain quarters about the wholesale destruction of timber taking place ia various parts of the colony can be be lieved, there is every reason to fear that in less than a quarter of a century tbat de plorable s atc ot affairs will be reached as far as Victoria is concerned at least. Assuming, therefore, tht the reports were correct, (which, however,- I am at the same time convinced they are not), it would be incumbent upon the Victorian Government to institute Bttpa for tbe protection of our forests, tbat the mucb-tobe-dreaded calamity, for Bucb it would undoubtedly be if it came to pass, might be averted Fortunately, however, there is no need for such steps to be taken, as I hope to be able to sbo.7 during the coarse of this article, for if the timber regulations in force at present are carried out, ubi may oe ho coneerveu tnao wntist tbe older trees are used for trade and other purposes, the young trees will be saved, and thus, though being constantly thinned out, there will be jost as constantly growing up other trees to take the place of those de Btroyed. The value of our Victorian forest lands, and particularly those along our coasts, not only on account of the fine timbers they contain, bat also because of th> beneficial effect they have uon our climate, and tbe grand pro tection from storms they afford to inlying oi>: trick?, cannot be over-estimated. Remove those along the crasfc, for ine'rence, in ihe We-tern District, and certainly all tbe magnificent agricultural and grazing districts to the north of them wonld suffer greatly < The same may also be said of the fores s along the_ coasts in the south of Gippaland, and which shelter all the northern districts im meneely. But, fortunately, none realise this more than our legislators, and none are more fully alive to the importance of preventing our forests from being extravagantly denuded of trees, bo that, despite the fears expressed by many, I, for one, see no danger of this ever taking place. And I have reasons to offer for being of this opinion, having travelled through the greater portion of the Gape Otway forest quite recently, and made obser vations upon the subject for myself. These I now offer to the readers of M The Weekly Time," and hope that as a result of their publication those who have been taking such a black view of the destruction of timber taking place for the' purpose 'of - supplying timber for eaw-milling, fencing, etc., will be led to believe tbat most of their fears were UUlOllUUBU. 1 Suppose that in no part of the colony has saw milling on a fairly large scale been carried on for a much greater length of time than in the Cape Otway forest. All kinds of hardwood building materials, besides posts and railB for fencing, have been coming out of it in great profusion for a large number of years. And ae there are quite as many young trees in proportion to those really fit for falling as in any other part of the colony, I conclude, with some show of reason, that if it cau be shown that in this forest, despite the hnge draw upon its timbers that has been taking place for, I suppose, upwards of thirty years, the young timber has been well protected and but slightly damaged on the whole, there is_ but little danger of our forests being entirely denuded for very many long years to come. To render my argument the etronger, I will confine my remarks almost entirely to that portion of the forest lying to the north of the Lome track, and as this lies so close to Geelong, and the Inlying districts are some of the oldest settled in the colony, I suppose that nopirt of it haB had a severer Or longer continued strain upon its timber than this. In the midst of thie are situated Mr. J. Armies ?ad and Son's Batubra saw-mills, a short description of which should be of interest as tending to show the amount of timber they draw from the.surroanding forest year by year, and hence, as thee mills are some of the. oldest in these, parts, the strain it has had to Stand for many years. They are at present situated upon a small creek, leading into the Angahooa Creek, which empties itself into the ocean at Airie'e I a let. Until recently they were situated near Boonah, in which district they worked for ten years, and as ia travelling to the mills I passed through the country from whioh the timber they made use of during that time was cfiieny arawo, i was enao ed to form a good idea of the amount of damage done to it by the saw-milling, operations daring that time. The water required is obtained from : a dam in the cttek ftd in summer by some springs oloBe by.. Two portable engines- one a Marshall and the other a HornBby — are used for driving the saws, a-large vertical one being need for breaking down big logs, and circular ones only for sawing purposes, pure lied Bimple Whea the mill is in full work about 4,000ft, of timber per day can ba run through it, or several millions of feet oer year: When it is remembered that in ob taining this timber only the best portions of the trees felled' are used, all the branches above the trunk being wasted, it will be seen that such mills might reasonably be ex pected to work no small havoc in tbe part of the fortsfe in which they are located in tbe. course of some fifteen or twenty years Indeed, an enormous number of trees would have to be felled to produce tbe large heap of splendid timber of various sorts stacked near the mills at present. Mr. Armistead, sen , informed me that this stack contained fully 60,000ft. of flooring and weatherboards, quartering, battens, etc. Men are kept constantly employed falling trees in the forest and catting and sawing them np. . Jiokers are then used, drawn by horses, for dragging the logs to tbe mills. I mention this . because it is evident that as tracks have to be made for jinkering, this mask inevitably lead to the destruction of much young timber in addition to tbat felled for eaw-milling purposes alone. Yet the effects upon many parts of the forest are scarcely noticeable, as I will now attempt to show. During my recant visit I walked from the spot where the old mills were located to the north of Soowdenton to where the new oBes now stand, a distance of about six mile, through densely timbered country- Glancing carelessly - around, it almoet appeared as though tbe wood-spUttera1 or sawmill em- pl<bes' axe bad juqvar been swung in much of this, the trees' abd undergrowth being in i parts almost impenetrable.- A closer search, however, revealed li&ie; jinked tracks branching off . from the .main tr<i.k a£ intervals, whifBt stretched along upon. the. around amongst .the ec.ub could here and there- be seen the prostrate and de-trunked f?rtnB giant messmates and gums. This Cape Otway messmate is 6Qtne of the grandest timber of its kind in the colonies, being remarkably free from gum veins. Accordingly it is much sought after, and the temptation to fall small trees, which would, however, involve a very large amount of w great. To the credit of the 'saw proprietors it mmt, therefore, be said that th9 young trees have been spared, and unless other competitors enter the field, will be p ermitted to stand until they attain to a growth which will jastify their being cut down and made use of. Messrs Armistead have elrvays been ex tremely careful not to destroy any more young trqe than they coaid help, and as a result tue forest, though intersected with waggon and jinker tracks, manifests but little un necessary destruction of timber, as anyone may see for himself by pursuing the same route as I did when going to the mills and by returning on the foot track past Mr. Wnxon a to tbe north of the Ang&houk; Creek, or any. other small track be likes ;There_ h«s been a great deal of timber de stine ion going on, as might be expected, when a saw-mill in full swing is situated in the same snot for ten vmn in BnnoABGmn and iB only now removed Borne six miles further into the forest, yet, as stated before, the forest hardly appears to have been touched at all, and there is such a prodigious, quantity of young timber growing rapidly that there does not appear to be any just reason to dread its being entirely denuded of trees for many centuries to come, if ever. . Observations tbat I have made from time to travelling through Gippsland, . . rra7 Flats, and other parts of Vic toria, induce me to believe the same of those portions of the colony also, the destruction «jf young .timber not being much, if any, greater ti.ere than in the dis'-ricc I have juBt more minutely described. I'h® question at present is, whether, a9 the bigger trees become scarcer, tbe young ones will n't be attacked, for, if so, th.: apprehensions referred to at the beginning o' this article may be realised after all. To nullify rbia I would make several sugges tions, which are, I. believe, calculated to per manently prevent too great a destruction of yonng trees from taking place. I would suggest that all woodcutters on State lands, excepting those holding : licences for cutting timber for saw-mills, should be compelled, under the penalty of a fine, to cut np and throw into heapB ready to be burnt all the branches, etc., of the trees that thy do not use. I would next suggest that there should ba a separate licence tor cutting saplings, excepting for the purpose of making weggon and jinker tracks, the fee for which should be about double of that for cutting larger timber, and that those cutting saplings . should also be compelled to throw the tops into heaps, ready to be burnt, under nAn&ltv; nf a fine. Many beneficial results would, I feel certain, flow from such arrangements as these. First of all, there wonld not be as great a destruction of big trees by splitters as now. At present only the very best parts of the trees felled are uaad, the splitters pre ferring to cut down fresh trees, and use the easily-worked parte of them, to knocking out the timber contained m the larger upper branches of the trees felled before, and which they now. leave lying untouched upon the ground. If, however, they were compelled to put these remains in heaps, ready for burning, as I believe they should be, they would b oner split up much of the timber now wasted into pests, rails, stubs, slaos, etc , than cut it up Into convenient lengths for burning, and thus much ready good timber, instead of being left to rot, would be made use of, and not nearly : so large a number of .trees would need to be felled a« at present. Again, only those who really needed saplings would purchase licences for cutting them if the fee were as large again as a present, whilst those who do require them would not begrudge a little higher fee. Ruthless destruction of these young trees wonld thereby also be put an end to. Another result would be that bush-fire? would not be likely to occur s.o often if tbe branches, etc , of trees were thrown into heaps instead of lying indiscriminately scattered about the ground. We ail- know that almost incal culable daipage has been done, ia the heavily- timbered portions of Victoria even daring the past few years. Look at the terrible fires in the Haytesbury forest a few years ago, and also in part of this. By these not only were some scores of straggling settlers burnt ont, bat also an enormous number of trees were destroyed. There are several raoges in. the direction of Lome, upon which all- the young timoer was hopelessly destroyed bv those fires, which -ccnld nnh h« checked, as much on account of the immense quaniity of dead timber lying about the ground as anything else. But for this timber, much of which had been left scattered about by splitters and others, there is every reason to believe that the fires would not have been anything like as destructive or widespread as they were. A scheme, therefore, which would prevent, to a very large extent, timber from being scattered so carelessly about as food for bueh fireB,. should be of great service in these parts, i am pleased to observe the increasing interest that is being taken in the subject, and feel sure that, now that the importance of conserving the timber in our State forests as mqch as ie practically possible Is realised nearly everywhere, such steps will be taken, and, especially for the protection of young trees, that there will be ever growing up in our forest quite sufficient young timber to take the place of chat which willof necessity b a removed from time to time. 