MUTRDERt NEAtR Al1U11DALE. A brutal murder has been committed at the Hiligrove mines, Armidale, A stranger who has taken out a moiner's right and gone out there on Wednesday, was found covered over with leaves on the edge of the falls with his throat cut and his head battered in. It is supposed he had money on him. His name, according to the millers right found on him, is John Stapleton. He was apparently about 50 years old. Armidale, Saturday. -Further particu lars regarding the murder at the Hill. grove mines show that the man's name was Joseph Stapleton. The murdered man took out a miner's right on Monday last and then went to the mines on Tues day. He had his breakfast at an hotel at the mines on Wednesday morning, and went away leaving his swag at the hotel. He was never again soon alive, and his body was found ond Thursday. The miner's right found in his pocket is the I only circunatance that identifies the de ceased. The head of the man was com pletely battered in, and one hand, evidentally put up to prevent the blow was smashed to pieces. The body had been dragged some distance, and covered over with bushes and bark. The man's belt has since been found planted under a stone some distance away from the body. It is suppased that the man was murdered for his money. The police are busily engaged, but have no clue as yet as to who committed the deed.-Tel. to Daily Telegraph. A terrible fatal accident happened at Murrurundi, on Friday afternoon to a little girl, 11 years old, named Holt, whose dress, while playing with fireworks near her home, caught fire, and before the flames could be extinguished, she was. dreadfully burned about the lower part of the body. She lingered in great agony till a late hour on Saturday night, and then died. A man named Pontfield has died at Maitland from sunstroke. The general feeling at the Postal Con ference was against the construction of a new Pacific cable. The Postal Conference have decided to ask Great Britain to agree to a postal card system. between England and the colonies. It is roughly estimated that nearly a quarter of a million people saw the city illuminations last week. The crush at the tram terminus was tre mendous, but there were no serious acci dents. The Wmesleyan Conference has decided that its thanksgiving fund shall be devoted to theological institution, of the liquida tion of trust debts, the erection of new churches, parsonages, and schoolrooms,. and to the purchase of a site, for, or the' building of, a ladies' college. James Ryan a plumber,met with a fatal accident at a harbour picnic on Thursday through a fall from a swing. At the Rockhampton Police Court on Saturday J. W. Rutter, ex-Mayor of North Rockhampton, received two con current sentences of seven years each for forging and uttering promissory notes. The other charges,of uttering notes known to be forged to the amount of £8500, were not proceeded with. Messrs Gould and King's sawmills were burned to the ground at Singleton on Sunday morning. The damage is esti mated at £4000 The fire is supposed to be the work of an incendiary. A Melbourne telegram states that young locusts are making their appearance in myraids at Horsham, attacking all tb' vegetables and doing great damage. Large bushfires are raging within the vicinity of Portland. The area of fire is nearly 20 miles wide. Several settlers have been burnt out. A jockey named Whitfield was killed at Cudgeogong races (Mudgeo district) on Thursday whilst riding in a race. His horse was jammed between iwoothers, he was unhorsed, and received injuries from which he died within an hour. rho 100 Guinea Handicap at the Cen tennial sports at Wollongong was won by A. Brown. The protectionist cause, Sir Henry Parkes says, is about as much out of place in this land as some nondescript, partly a platypus and partly a flying-fox, would be in the woods of England. Sir Henry Parkes does not think that people have any right to call themselves "Protectionists," as such persons are really " resurrectionists." A number of Chinese have been driven by the police from Hurley's Dam gold field. (Q.) on Saturday. The Centennial Stakes at the Sydney Turf Club meeting was won by Mr. W. Kelso's Paladin. The racehorse Duunlop broke a blood vessel on Saturday. A London newspaper called the Bat, in supporting the case of Sir George Chet wynd in his quarrel with Lord Durham, accused the latter of cruelty and brutality. A summons for libel has been issued against the Bat. On Saturday night last the Oxford hotel, King-street, was entered by thieves, who succeeded in carrying off property to the value of £150 from various apart ments. About £70 iin cash was taken, tomgether with a gold watch worth about £50. On the proceeding night the French Consul's residence at Ashfield was burglariously entered, and a considerable amount of property was stolen therefrom. The trowel presented to Lord Carring ton at the laying of the foundation-atone of the new Parliament Houses was of solid gold, suitably inscribed. It is believed that the massing of Russian troops near Galicia is merely a ruse to divert attention from Russia's designs upon Turkey. A report that Russia had negotiated a loan for £1,800,000 occasioned a fall on the Vienna Bourse. Mr. Patrick O'Brien, M.P., has been sentenced to four months' imprisonment for a seditious speech. He has appealed. Wi clip the following important testi monial from the Illawarra Mercury N.S.W., on the 30th March. It needs no comment :-" Mr. John Loveday, of the Bulli Mountain, writes to us that after suffering for four years with acute gravel, he has experienced almost com plete relief by using Sander and Soe's Eucalypti Extract. He said that seeing the said extract advertised in the [Ha warra .ifercury, his intense suffering in duced him to obtain a bottle of the medi cine from Mr. Hosking, chemist, of this town, and the use of it gave him great reiief at once. Re states that between the 30th March instant when he obtained the first bottle of the extract, and on the 19th, the use of that medicine continued to afford him relief, to which he had been a stranger for four years. Mr. Loveday writes also that lie has found the Eucalypti extract a cure for rheumatism as well as gravel. He requests us to pub lish this information through the Mercumy. We have much pleasure in complying with Mr. Lo'eday's request, whose word cannot be doubted, and who can have no object in view other than a pure desire to benefit suffering humanity.' -(Adv.) 