LONGREACH. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT] Since my letter of the 5th inst. further development in our district has taken place. Messrs. Avery Coxen and Co., have applied for 16,000 acres of grazing area. Mr. Coxen pronounces the country very suitable for sheep farming. Mr. Thomas O'Rourke some time since connected with the firm of O'Rourke and Ahern railway contractors was here last week having driven from Barcaldine. Mr. O'Rourke is of the opinion the railway line between here and the terminus will be rapidly completed, there being no bridging, cutting, or embankment work. While on this subject I may state that an additional supply of rails will shortly be deposited at the Twelve-mile a pretty good evidence of the intention of the Department to push ahead. Whilst here Messrs. O'Rourke and Cronin visited the Thompson River and spent several hours fishing. Some splendid jew fish and barramundi were landed quite equal to those obtained in the Fitzroy. A plumb line dropped into the river showed the depth to be 40 feet. The Victoria Hospital Committee or its surgeon hu apparently obtained the written statement of the patients denying an assertion of mine relative to the manner in whioh the institution is conducted. I merely repeated for the nubliogood, and the Viotoria Hospital in particular, what I had heard and what I believe. I made no referenoe to the food given to the patients. To travellers on the railway line it ia ap- parent that mostly all the towns have two cemeteries, one established on the inception of the particnlar town ; another, after the Bite chosen by the Government hu been surveyed. To avoid a repetition of this, and do away with the old and the new cemetery, the Pro- gress Committee have written to the Lands Department, pointing out a suitable site for the purpose, and have asked that Mr. Sur- veyor Desgrand be instructed to report upon it. Mr. Murphy, M.L. A., hu been requested to support the application. If report be true we will, when the line reaches here, have three or four banks ; at any rate, I understand three institutions have each seoured a site. The Postmuter General hu replied to the letter of the Progress Com- mittee declining to subsidise Williams' line of ooaohes ; we must, therefore, be content with our news via Aramac. The proposed establishment of a second newspaper in thia distriot is an evidenoe either of dissatisfaction with the present one, or that there is sufficient opening for a seoond. I just reoeived a prospectus of the Central Queensland Times, whioh it is proposed to issue in the first Ínstanos at Barcaldine and subsequently at Longreach. The expulsion ef certain offensive and officious members of the late Barcaldine Progress Association Committee has resulted in amicable relationships again being brought about between that body and our Progress Committee ; as either party hu particular interests to advocate it is to be hoped they will not again duh. To be regaled with strawberries and cream is really a luxury, and yet this is what our local dairyman promises us. Mr. Green is just starting a dalry, and, being a practical gardener also, we expect in time to have local grown fruits. It is well known Mr, Edkins, of Mount Cornish Station, hu a Sarden replete with most tropical fruits and I o not rae why husbandry on a large scale ehould not be made a profitable ooooern. The Chinese, u usual, are to the front. One celestial hu taken possession of a few acres jost below Willis 8wamp, and will abortly sell water-melons and other lusuioua fruits. On the 16th instant, the Wellshot bore was down 1065 ieet. Mr. Brown, the overseer, had just fished up tbe sinker, which bad been precipitated to the bottom of the well by reaaon of the connecting pole breaking. The small Robey eugine used in connection with the boring apparatus, is said to be unable to bear the great strain put upon it. Several bushfire» are raging within a few miles of here. No rain Longreach, September 22, 1888. 