THE working of the new system of railway administration does not appear likely to meet with approval in all respects. In the Legislative Assembly on Friday last it was admitted by Mr. BURNS, in reply to a question, that two new appointments had been created by the Commissioners, and that the offices would be given to two gentlemen specially engaged to fill them—one from England, the other from America. Mr. LYNE pointed out that this procedure was in contravention of the 63rd section of the Railway Act, which runs as follows :— " The Commissioners shall . . . have the power to appoint to any position or grade . . . . persons of known ability not engaged in the railway service. No such appointment shall be made unless the Commissioners shall have previously certified under their 6eal to the Governor that there is no person in the railway service fit and qualified to be promoted to such appointment, and shall have obtained his sanction to such appointment.'' Mr. BURNS, in reply, said there had been no contravention of the Act, because there were no persons in the Department competent to fill the offices in question. Seeing that the appointments created are merely travelling inspectorships, and that in the enormous staff of the Department there are hundreds of men of long experience and marked ability, it is scarcely conceivable that two could not be found possess ing the necessary qualifications, and the public as well as the members of the staff will scarcely be satisfied with Mr. BUBNS'S explanation. It may have been necessary to go outside the colony in order to find a general manager for the railways, but it cannot be necessary to send to the other side of the world to find suitable men for subordinate positions. Fully recognising the importance of allowing the new system a fair trial, and thoroughly realising the necessity to thai end of the commissioners being entrusted with very great powers indeed, and of their being shielded as far as practicable from Parliamentary influence, we still hold to the conviction that they have in these appointments overridden the spirit if not the letter of the law, which in effect says that in making any transfer or promotion they must do their best with the material available in the colony. AT the last meeting of the Borough Council there was laid upon the table a report of the proceedings of the late annual meeting of the Municipal Association of New South Wales, together with a summary of legal opinions obtained on various points of municipal law, some of which have a direct bearing on questions that have from time to time cropped up in Albury. It is held, for example, that whilst gatekeepers' cottages on railway lines, being Government property used for public purposes, are exempt from taxation, houses occupied by porters or other employe*, and built within railway reserves, are liable to taxation. This decision will enable the Council to levy rates upon the several substantial buildings near the railway station which have hitherto escaped from contribution to the municipal revenue. Another question submitted was from the Albury Council concerning the action of the Railway Department in closing the Wilson-street crossing from sunset to sunrise. The opinion obtained on this point is that the closing is unlawful, and that if any tradespeople in the immediate vicinity can prove that they have suffered substantial private damage by loss of trade in consequence of the blocking of Wilson-street, an action will lie at common law for such damage. Another point of considerable local interest is that touching the liability to taxation of agricultural show-grounds. This year for the first time the buildings of the Albury Pastoral and Agricultural Society were assessed, and the committee, doubtful as to their liability, declined to pay. According to counsel's opinion, they were justified in refusing. The authority in this instance is Mr. CECIL STEPHEN, who holds that the land being vested trustees for public purposes is exempt. These, of course, being only " opinions do not carry the weight attaching to decisions of the law courts, but they will probably be accepted as a guide pending judicial decisions on the points at issue and will thus have practically the force of law for the time being. AT the police court on Tuesday last a number of persons were summoned for having failed to register their dogs, and several of the defendants, whilst pleading guilty to a breach of the law, complained very forcibly of the action of the police, It appears that members of the force were told off to make a house-to-house visitation in order to compile a list of defaulters to be summoned. In the performance of this duty the constables seem to have left a false impression on the householders visited who believed that the visit was merely a warning, and at once paid up for their dogs, only, however, to receive a summons some days later. Of course there is no getting away from the fact that the law was broken, and that the defendants had only themselves to blame for the consequences. Having regard, however, to the comparatively heavy nature of the fine prescribed by the Act, it would not be amiss if the domiciliary visit of the police were to bB made really to serve as a caution; or, if this be impracticable, a short advertisement might be inserted in the local papers, calling attention to the necessity for registration. LOCAL anglers complain, and with some reason, of the difficulties which bar the way of followers of the " gentle art." Thanks to the system adopted in this colony of alienating the Crown lands right down to the water's edge, it is now almost impossible to get a day's fishing within 10 miles of Albury without trespassing on private property. Even the very roads leading to the river have in some cases been sold, and it has thus come to pass that—unlesB content to angle from the Union Bridge or the old wharf—local disciples of IZAAK WALTON may only follow their favorite diversion upon sufferance or at the risk of all sorts of uncomfortable penalties. This is felt to be a hardship, , , , , , . and it has been suggested that some at-1 tempt should be made to obtain relief- We have received several letters on the subject, one of which suggests that the Government be asked to resume the foreshores of the river for a given distance on both sides of certain roads to the Murray still open. "We are not prepared to adopt this offhand as the best solution of the difficulty, bat give the idea for what it may be worth. WOOLSCOURING.—The wool of Mr. James Keogb, of Bowna, scoured by Mr. C. Whitlock, realised 17£d. per lb.; pieces and locks, 16d. BREACH OF THE DOG Acr.—At the police coutt on Tuesday a number of townspeople were summoned lor failing to register their dog?. A fine of 10s. in each case was impoBed, with costs. TESTIMONIAL TO MB. J. H. WOOD.—Subscribers are reminded that the testimonial to Mr. J. H. Wood, late District Surveyor, will be presented this evening at the Council Chambers. SHEEP INSPECTOR.—Mr. William Elliott, of Jerilderie, has been appointed an acting Inspector of Sheep under the "Diseases in Sheep Act Amendment Act of 1878," for the purpose of issuing permits for travelling sheep. QUARTER SESSIONS.—Courts of Quarter Sessions will be held as follows :—Hay, January 14 and July 29 ; Albury, January 22 and August 5 ; Deniliquin, January 30 and August 14 ; Wagga Wagga, February 25, July 8, and November 28. CROWN LAND SALE.—An error occurred in the report of a Crown land sale published in our issue of 30th November. The portion jurchased by Mr. M'Pbillamy was Bituated at 3uckargingah, not at Glenken. The 626 acres at Glenken was advertised for sale on 10th October, bat was withdrawn from sale. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—The secretary has requested UB to acknowledge the receipt of the following sums during the week, viz.:— Towong Shire, £10 ; Robert Rand, £5; collected by the Rev. T. O'Connell, £5 10s; by Messrs. Mitchell and Sons, "The Olives," £2 13a. 4d.; and by Mrs, Vincent, Wagra, £3 8s. DISTRICT COURT.—District Courts will be held as follows:—Hay, January 15, May 9, and July 30; Narandera, January 18 and August 2 ; Albury, January 23, May 14, and August 6 ; Corowa, January 25 and August 9 ; Deniliquin, January 31, May 22, and August 15 ; Wagga Wagga, February 26, July 9, and November 29. DRUNK AT THE RAILWAY STATION.—On Wednesday an Italian named Pietro Zanetto was charged with being drunk on the railway premises. Mr. Griffin gave evidence to tbe effect that the defendant had been on the platform in a state of intoxication, and though warned to leave had notdone so. A fine of £5 was imposed, and paid. A FENCE WANTED.—The attention of the Roads Department may be directed to a rather dangerous part of the Jindera road about a mile on this side of the Gap, where the enlargement of the creek has left a chasm in which an incautious driver might be overwhelmed, buggy and all, some dark night. A few rods of fencing would remove all danger. COROWA BOARD OF SHEEP DIRECTORS.— A meeting of the board of sheep directors was held on Friday for the consideration of a variety of matters affecting the interests of stockowners. For the position of stock inspector, rendered vacant by the death of Mr. R. Lowes, some weeks since, the board decided to recommend to the Government the appointment of Mr. J. T. Lee, late rabbit inspector. THE BURRUMBUTTOCK CHURCH.—The new German Church at Buriumbuttock was formally opened for public worship on Sunday last, in the presence of tbe largest gathering ever assembled at this village. The building is a handsome one, and will seat about 300 persons, but it was not nearly large enough to accommodate at one time the whole of the congregation. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. FATAL ACCIDENT AT JUNEE.—A fettler named Frederick Edwards wa& killed three miles from Junee on Friday morning, on tbe railway, by an engine returning from Harefield running into some trucks on which the deceased was seated. At the inquest the jury for some considerable time were unable to agree, but eventually they returned a verdict to the effect that death was accidental, and that blame was attributable to some one, but tbe jury were unable from the evidence to say whom. THE COROWA MAIL SERVICE.—The following time-tables for conveyance of mails from Corowa to Albury, and Carnsdale to Howlong, take effect on and from December 14,1888 :— Leave Corowa on Tuesdays and Fridays at 7.15 a.m, arrive Howlong same day at 11 a.m., Bungowannah 12 30 p.m., Albury 3 p.m. ; leave CarnBdale Fridays at 5 a.m., arrive Goombargana same day at 6.45 a.m.; leave Bame place same day and Tuesdays at 7 a.m., arrive Moorwatha same days at 9.15 a.m., Howlong same day at 10.45 a*m» THE .VINEYARDS.—Reports to hand from different ,.. vineyards . in this neighbourhood t. state onA th a t the vines are making strong growth and that there is a good show of grapes. The berries, however, will be very small unless mn Jails soon t Q the Corowa di rict the growth » wd to be not quite so strong as in the vineyards near Albury. I u all VI The Verdeilho kind was the first tosuffer but almost every variety has now beoomethe subject of attack, and in some vineyards the vines have already been twice sulphured! BKECHWORTH BOXING DAY SPORTS _A special train will leave Waugaratta lor Beech: worth at 8.30 a.m. on Boxing Day! and return in tune for the night express, thus allowing Albury visitors to go and com^ back the same THE DEMAND FOR HAT AND CHAFF. - Owing to the gloomy aspect of the season (says the Jenlderie Herald) the owners of crops around here will receive good prices for their hay. Many of them, seeing the prospects ol the seasons, cut their crops lor hay with the purpose of selling it as chaff, instead of allowing them to mature for gaain. This week there have been three or four buvers around, and chaff was sold as high as £7 2s. 6d. per ton. One farmer informed us on Thursday last that he could have got £8 59. for his hay it he had felt inclined to sell. It is his opinion that the price of hay and chaff will be far higher yet. To CORRESPONDENTS.—"Subscriber,"Grong Gronp.—You are not bound to do auvlhinc out work of absolute necessity, " W.S." Mulwala,' Your letter refers to an enclosed extract from a former issueof this journal, but there is no enclosure. "Selector," Victoria.—The Act says that the posts shall not be a greater distance apart than lift. Under the circumstances the best course to pursue would be for either party to summon the other before two jusiices of the peace, and let them decide the matter. " A.B.," Everaleigb.-If the lease was a five-yeare' lease he can be compelled to contribute. "Subscriber," Wagga Wagga.—Apply to the Minister through your local member for the land to be put up for sale. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—60 fat bullocks from Copabella to Wodonga, llial Bros.; 1200 fat sheep from Billabong to Melbourne, G. W. Scrivener; 2300 ewes from Buckaginga to Tumbarumba, E. and A. Westby ; 5000 mixed sheep from Bowna to Tumbarumba, Jas. Keogh ; 800 wethers from Mullengandra to Annandale, R. L. Taskis; 5000 ewes and rams from Round Hill to Victoria, Jas. Balfour ; five trucks of cattle from Wagga to Melbourne, Pearson, Rowe, Smith, and Co., ageuts; 10 trucks of cattle from Wagga to Melbourne, C. L. Griffith and Co., agents; 8 trucks of cattle from Bowen to Melbourne, T. Mate, and Co., agents. A ROWDY CHARACTER—At the police court yesterday John Goran was charged with using insulting language and with resisting the police, in the execution of their duty. The evidence went to show that the defendant was using improper language, and when arrested by Constable M'Brien turned upon the officer so fiercely that it became necessary to obtain the assistance of several other persons before he ould be secured. The defendant, through Mr. Wilkinson, pleaded guilty. The police magistrate said all cases ol this kind would be treated with the utmost severity the law allowed. The prisoner was fiued £5 or three months' imprisonment on the first charge, and £5 or one month on the 6econd; the sentences to be cumulative. THE NORTH • EASTERN PROVINCE ELEC- TION.—In the Victorian Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, the President said he had received a petition signed by Mr. J. H. Kuipe, against the return of Mr. J. S. Butters for the North - Eistern Province. Mr. Cuthbert moved that the petition ba referred to the Elections and Qualifications Oouimitte. In reply to Mr. Service, Mr. Cuibbert said the petition was not presented on ihe same grounds as the petition against the return of Mr. J. Turner, viz., that the poll had sot beeu conducted according to law, but on the ground that Mr. J. S. Butters did not possess the necessary property qualifications. THE AIIB DRY TOWN BAND.—A meeting was held at Fallon's Albury Hotel on Thursday evening in connection with the Town Band. Mr. Whitaker occupied the chair. The following motions were passed :—Proposed by Mr. Finney, and seconded by Mr. M'Intyre— "That the Town Band committee, in conj unction with the baud, hold a monthly meetlag, to keep the band before the public." Proposed by Mr. Whitaker, and seconded by Mr. Friedman—" That the Council be petitioned to erect; a hand stand and seats in the Gardens." Mr. Fiuney has undertaken to collect all moneys promised to the band, up to the end of the year. The following subscriplions were taken :—Mr. W. J. Jones, £1 ; Mr. C. Schiniedt, £2 2s.; Mr. Friedman, 10s. 6d. CHARGE OF ASSAULT.—The case of Thomas Medd v. Joseph Monk was called on at the police court on Tuesdav. Mr. Nagle appeared for th» plaintiff, who deposed that on 3rd December he was in the employ of the Brewery Coiupany ; whilst he was shovelling some grains out of a dray the defendant came up to witness and interfered with him, made use of bad language, and assaulted h'tn. This was the case for the prosecution. For the defence Monk stated that plaintiff bad been the aggressor, having taken the graius be (defendant) had brought up to feed his horses ; when defendant remonstrated with plaintiff he abused defendant and brandished a shovel at him, threatening to cut him down. The Bench held the offence proved, and imposed a fine ol lOi., with £l Is. professional costs. COROWA VINEGROWKRS' ASSOCIATION.—A meeting ot vignerons was held in the School of Arts, Corowa, on 6th inst., 17 being present. It was resolved to form a Corowa Fruit and Vine Growers' Association, tielegates from a similar body ac Albury explained the ol jects and_ benefits to be derived from such an association. Considerable interest was taken in the formation of the branch, but there was some diversity of opinion regarding the constitution of the same. Ultimately it was decided that all present form a committee, and Mr. J. P. Buggy was appointed secretary, hut no other officers were elected. The consideration of a proposition regarding the produce from Camden and other infected districts in New South Wales and Victoria was held over lor a subsequent meeting. WODONGA RACES.—"The booths and other privileges in connection with the forthcoming annual meeting of the Wodonga Jockey Club were submitted to public competition on Tuesday, at the Prince of Wales Hall, by Messrs. Chenery Bros. There was rather a limited attendance of buyers; and, notwithstanding the persuasive eloquence of the worthy knight of the hammer, the bidding was hardly so spirited as usual—a result to be attributed to the continued dry weather. The following prices were obtained : — No. 1 booth, Thos. JohnBton, £26; No. 2 booth, Thos. Johnston, £17; right of entrance to gate, R. Rixon, £15 lis.; right of grazing on the racecourse for one year, J. G. Shields, £21; right of entrance to grand stand, R. Rixon, £7 10s.; No. 1 fruit stall, James Oddie, £1; No. 2 fruit stall, James Oddie, 153.; refreshment stall, James Oldie, £L ; right to sell cards, Ryan and Taylor, £l 12s. The total proceeds amount to £91 7a., which is nearly £8 less than the sum received last year AUSTRALIAN WINES AT PARIS.—Mr. J. D. Lankester has received a letter from Mr, Thomas Hardy, the well-known vigneron of Bankside, South Australia, on the sul ject of the joint representation of colonial wines at the Paris Exhibition, under the generic title of " Australian" wine?. The letter, which is addressed to Mr. LankeBter in his capacity ot secretary to the Vignerons' Society, runs as follows:—" I have tried to bring about a joint representation of Australian wines at Paris. Our Government here are favorable to it, as well as all the leading vinegrowers. We are in communication with the Victorian Government, and hope that the vinegrowerB of your neighbourhood will bring the matter before the New South Wales Government as won as possible, as there is no time to be lost, I trust you will see that it will be greatly to the advantage of all the colonies that the wines should be shown as 'Australian' at Paris." Mr. Lankester has determined to convene a meeting of committee for an early date to consider this letter, and also to urge kindred societies south of the Murray to induce the Victorian Government to stir up the Govern' ment of Now South Wales to more expedition in the eradication of phylloxera. A RAILWAY TO OMEO.—A deputation of members of the Shire Councils of Omeo, Bairnsdale, and Bruthen was introduced to the Minister of Railways last week by Mr. Wright, M.L.A. The deputation asked that a railway from Bairnsdale to Omeo via Bruthen might be included in the next Railway Bill. It was pointed out that the route had already been surveyed. The district to be opened up was one of the richest in natural resources in the colony, being well fitted for agriculture, and particularly for the growth of oats, which were so much wanted in other parts of the colony at present. There were also valuable deposits ot gold and tin. At present, owing to the want of railway facilities, and the difficulties of the route, the inhabitants were very fmuch handicapped. Mr. Wallace and Mr. Davis, il.L.C.'s, and Mr. M'Lean and Mr. A. Harris, M.L.A.'B, supported the request. Mr. M'Lean stated that there were three proposed routes, and he did not say which should be chosen. Mr. Gillies said he quite agreed with the deputation that the country should be opened up. He would not express any opinion as to the rival routes. The portion of the colony referred to was a very valuable one. He would submit the representations of the deputation to his colleagues, and they would be fully considered when the next Railway Bill was being prepared. THE PHYLLOXERA.—The Herald, in an article forcibly urging the necessity for prompt action in the matter of stamping out phylloxera, has the following :—" Our position is this. In 18S5 phylloxera was discovered at Camden. A Vine Diseases Act was passed in 1886, and the work of extermination was begun ; but there came an order for its suspension, and operations ceased. Nothing then of any account was done, and the disease continued to spread. In June of this year an amended Vine Diseases Act was passed, giving the Phylloxera Board the right to enter vineyards and inspect, to give orders for the destruction of vineyards with the consent of the Minister, giving compensation to owners, and in case of dispute to go on with with the work of extermination and decide upon compensation subject to the approval of the Minister. But even with this bill to facilitate matters, delay after delay has occurred, and we are not sure that the work of eradication has been yet begun. Instead of there being three vineyards to uproot, as was the case in 1886, we have now sixteen, and we cannot tell how many more there are which are infected, hut in which the disease has not yet been discovered. It is said that the pest might have been exterminated at first at a cost of £1000, and that now it will cost £5000. Delay in a case such as this means more than death, it means money ; and staving off the evil day of expenditure only necessitates that expenditure being the greater." BUSH-FIRES.—Since the datci of our last issue further particulars have come to hand concerning the effects of the late fire on the common. The flames, it appears, spread to the Emu Park property, and notwithstanding all that Mr. LankeBter and his staff could do, assisted by many volunteers from , the Black Range, and other neighbors, the fire entered the paddocks. The kangaroo grass was high, and soon was in a blaze. The fire made a clean sweep of moat of the feed and destroyed a quantity of new fencing before it could be checked. It was then apparently got under, but unfortunately a high wind rose, carrying some of the burning debris further afield, and the fire started afresh to burn with renewed energy, ^urninpr another 200 acree of the Emu Park land before it could be stopped. Mr. Heriot's property was in great danger, but by dint of much hard work this as well as Mr. Linkester's lower paddock was saved. Next day another lire broke out in Mr. Wilson's paddock adjoining the Ettamogah railway station, but so large a number of people had been brought together to check the progress of the former fire that the latter outbreak was soon subdued. But for this timely check the Ettamogah Vineyard aud other adjacent properties would have been devastated. The hill is now entirely bare of grass, and presents a most desolate appearance. When in the steep gullies the fire raged so fiercely that a thousand men could hardly have stayed its progress. On Saturday last the fire approached so near to the quarantine station that the firemen had to turn out to save the buildings. CHARGE OF UTTERING VALULEBS CHEQUE. —On the 26th of last month a young mai ol undoubted respectability, as far as appearances went, called on Messrs. Eitershank, Eaglestone, and Mann, cattle salesmen, of William-street, Meibourne, and represented that he was a squatter, living at Wodonga. He Baid that he had 21 fat cattle to send down for sale, and asked the firm to forward three trucks for the cattle. This was agreed to. On the following morning the squatter returned to the office accompanied by a Doy. He explained that he had been robbed at the circus on the previous night, and asked the firm to cash a cheque for him. He then wrote out and signed a cheque for £10, and signed it " F. Street." He obtained the £10 and took his departure. The cheque was returned by the bank marked " no account." On the 5th inst. another firm was called on by a gentleman, who also represented himself as a squatter, and made exactly similar arrangements with regard to the forwarding of trucks for fat cattle which he wished to sell. This gentleman also called the next day, and asked for a cheque to be cashed, as he had been left without funds, owing to his pockets having beeu rifled at the circus. The second firm delayed handing over the money till they made inquiries, the result of which was that Detective- sergeant Ward put in an appearance and arrested the presumed squatter, who appeared in the City Court on Monday morning, under the name of Frederick Wilson. He was charged with having obtained the sum of £10 by means of a valueless chfque, of George Mann, of the firm of Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Mann. The detective briefly explained the nature of the case to the Bench, and a remand was granted till to-day. Bail waB allowed accused in £100, and two sureties of £50 each. A DISTINGUISHED VISITOB.—This towu will be visited on Monday next by the distinguished soldier of the American War, Major Henry C. Dane, one of the heroes of the famous battle of Mobile Bay, the man who faced the terrific fire of 300 guns for two hours and 47 minutes. Major Dane, who is making a tour of the world, has been received in Australia with great enthusiasm. He was a member of the Supreme Court Bar of the United States, but gave up the Bar for the platform, and has been before the public of America for some 17 years. His subjects cover a wide field, and are all from actual knowledge, personal experience, and observation. He is a fine orator, and as a humorist, the rival ot Artemus Ward and Mark Twain ; as a describer he reminds you of Charles Dickens. Quite a jurore was created by his brilliant orations in Sydney and Melbourne. They are eaid to be graphic and thrilling pictures, and unequalled in oratorical, dramatic, and descriptive power. Major Dane is ah extensive and closely observant traveller. So great was the enthusiasm aroused by his orations in Sydney and Melbourne (he appeared for six weeks in each city) that some of them had to be given eight times over to meet the requests made tor them. He has a phenomenal memory, aud never once uses notes in any ot the seventeen remarkable orations that comprise his repertoire. "To listen to him (said a certain bishop) is one of the greatest treats of a lifetime." The heroic soldier-orator fought in no less than 22 heavy land battles, and four of the greatest naval battles of the war, besides many less important ones, by the side ot Generals Grant, Sheridan, Sherman, Garfield, Canby, and Banks, and Admiral Farragut, America's greatest admiral. He was chosen, before all other orators of his country; to deliver the oration over the graves of the regular army, iu the National cemetery, at West Point, on the greatest occasion known as Decoration Day. Major Dane is travelling through Australia very carefully, and gathering material for lectures upon us, which he will give in England and ihe United States. Tbe'Major will give three of biff orations here as advertised. Mr. W. Herbert Joifss has sole charge of Msjor Dana's tour. MINING ON CONDITIONAL LEASES—The following new regulations hare been gazetted : —"ISO. Application for authority to search for minerals within any conditioral leasehold shall be made in the form numbered 70, to the Minister for Mines, and if such application be approved, authority may be granted in the form annexed, numbered 71. 191. Every such authority shall name the mineral or minerals for which the holder may search. 192\. The extent of land which may be marked oat and occupied under any Buch authority as aforesaid,-shall be—For the purpose of searching for gold, any area named in the authority, not exceeding 2S acres; for the purpose of searching for coal, any area named in the authority, not exceeding 640 acres; for the purpose of searching for any minerals other than goid or coal, any area named in the authority, not exceeding 80 acres. 103. The person or persons to whom such authority has been granted may mark out, in such position within the leasehold as shall interfere as little as possible with permanent improvements, the area named or described in such authority, by erecting at each angle thereof a post projecting above the surface of the land not less than 3ft,, and from each such post shall cut trenches indicating the general direction oE the boundary lines, and may within such are® dig and search lor the mineral or minerals' named in the authority. 194. For the purpose of digging and searching within the area so marked out for the mineral named in the authority, the holder or holders thereof shall have and enjoy the right of ingress, egress, and regress to and from such area into, upon, and over the leasehold referred to in the authority, and for that purpose shall have the right to make or construct a road or passage from the nearest public road through or over the land comprised in sueh leasehold to such area, and from such area to cut or construct through such leasehold a ditch or channel for conveying away any waste water or refuse, but so as to do as little injury as possible to the land. 195\. Unless the holder or holders of an authority maintain the boundary marks of the area and prosccute the search for the minerals named in the authority to the satisfaction of the Minister for Mines, such Minister may, by notice under his hand published in the Government Gazette, cancel such authority." HUME FARMERS' UNION.—At the quarterly meeting of the Hume Farmers' Union Mr. D. Reid, J.P., occupied the chair. Amongst others present were Messrs. R. Brown, F. Schulz, Doogan, Moffat, Zweck, Sands, A. Heppner, and the secretary. After the usual routine preliminaries, Mr. Heppner called attention to a case wherein it was alleged a dummy had taken up a selection as a leasehold area in contravention of the Act. This statement occasioned some surprise and considerable discussion, and it was decided to bring the matter under the notice of the Minister oS Lands with a view to its being fully inquired into. The subject of a water supply for Burrumbuttock was next touched upon. It was pointed out that for a distance of twenty miles between Piney Range and Jindera the stock track was absolutely waterless, and it was suggested that the Minister of Works should be asked to authorise boring for artesian water in preference to the construction of a dam. In support of this proposal the chairman said that the Queensland Government had sunk an artesian well at Barcaldine to a depth of 800ft. at a cost of only £700. The water from this well shot up 10ft. above the surface of the ground, set creeks running, and proved of inestimable value to the country lor miles round. On the other hand, it was pointed out by Mr. Moffat that the Jiodera tank cost £1400, the Hovell tank £1300, and the Walla Walla tauk £1200. He understood that the artesian well referred to had been put down by an American company, who found everything for the sum stated. Mr. Z week warmly supported the proposal, and remarked that this work would be the means of testing the suitability ot the district for artesian boring for irrigation purposes. Mr. A. Heppner also supported the motion, and in doing so observed that the water had to be pumped from the well to fill the Walla Walla dam. He said that when demands for public works of this kind were made, they were sometimes met by the statement that no money was available. He thought, however, that plenty could be obtained by placing a rent charge upon roads not in public use and on reset ves which at present paid no rent. Mr. Reid gave notice of his intention to move at a future meeting—" That a requisition be addressed to the Postmaster-General asking for a mail service three times a week from Howlong to Burrumbuttock, via Moorwatha and Hovell." Some other local business having been dealt with, the meeting closed. DENTISTRY.—Mr. De Saxe pays a visit to Albury on Tuesday, the 18th inst., and may be consulted at the Globe Hotel. MESSRS. PERMEWAN, WRIGHT, AND CO. In our last issue appeared a notice from Messrs. Permewan, Wright, and Co. in reference to tbeir late manager's death, and informing their constituents and general public that they are appointing a well-experienced manager to take charge of the Albury branch. We are informed that Mr. John Permewan, managing director, will supervise the conducting of the business, and will at short intervals inspect this branch, so that their clients may rest assured that all favours entrusted to their care will be promptly attended to. 