SERIOUS BUSH FIRES. AVOCA, Thursday. —Age. Tremendous bush fires are raging here. One broke out at Green Hill Creek on Tues day afternoon, and spread with great rapidity, destroying several hay stacks and miles of fencing. Last evening it became so dangerous, and was travelling so rapidly towards Avoca, that a messenger was de spatched to town by those at work to raise the alarm. The firebell wa6 rung, and a large number of people immediately set out to render assistance. The fire was travelling with astonishing rapidity in some places, owing to the wind that was blowing. After five or six hours’ work, however, it was to some extent got under control. The greatest damage was from trees that were burning, the sparks being cast hundreds of yards ifurther on, and consequently the grass kept breaking out in fresh places. Men had to remain at work all last night, and relieving parties went out this morning. Two or three ■dwellings were saved unly by strenuous efforts on the part of the beaters. The fire has now reached the banks of Avoca River, and is only about four miles from Avoca. Reinforcements left the town to work through the night. Up to the present over "3000 acres of grass have been destroyed aud a vast amount of fencing. Messrs Camp bell have not a blade of grass left, and the fire has been already up to the homestead. Messrs Pinch and Howell are great losers, and have but a few paddocks untouched. It was reported here this evening that a great ■fire bad broken out on Mount Mitchell, the property of Mr James Robertson, 17,000 acres of grass having been destroyed, and also three or four farmers’ paddocks. An other fire is burning at Glen Logie, and one farmer there has already been burnt out. Yet another fire has just broken out some where between here and Homebush. Murciiisok, Thursday. A large bushfire has been raging in close proximity to the town since Monday. It originated in Tuhau’s paddock, about two miles from Murchison, it is supposed by some lads using paper for gun wads, aud the flames spread rapidly in a northerly direction, completely devastating the pad docks of Tuhan, Silas, O'Neil, Watt, Mrs Patterson, and Mrs Wilsou, and entering the Dhurringile Estate. As evening came on, the fire was got under, but on Christmas j Day it again broke out. The wind being from the north, drove it in the direction of the township, and a great crowd of beaters turned out. The barn and residence of Mr Barratt were saved, although the fire went within two or three yards of the barn. The fire is now well in check, aud there is no danger of a fresh outburst. Kir. more, Thursday. The bush fires have moderated somewhat since the change of wind yesterday, but are still creating a deal of damage. For many miles-along the Sydney road, between Kil more and Broadford, the paddocks on both sides present a blackened appearance, aud many of the fences, trees, aud logs are still smouldering. A wedding iparty driv ing to Broadford yesterday had a narrow escape. Two men on the box seat of a waggonette had their clothes severely burnt, auda.youug lady in a muslin dress inside had a narrow escape of being burnt to.death. A sheet of.flame set fire to her dress, and some of the other occupants, with considerable preseuce of mind, tore it off her. As it was she was severely burned about the body. The horsesibolted through the fire and-smoke; afterwards, and the party had a sensational, •experience. Yesterday the fire burned as fartheNorth-' eastern railway, where its progress .was: stayed, but with a strong south-westerly ‘ wind to-day it -broke out again, and spread towards Messrs M’Kenzie’s and D. M'iKay’s,, the homestead aud buildings- narrowly .escap- ■ ing destruction. .Thefire isnow ragingfieroely ; along the Glenaroaa road, on t.ieTatooke -es-; tate, nearly 1000 acres of which has been de-: stroyed. Altogether about 0000 acres of; grass lands have been devastated and many I miles of feuciug. The fire, it has been proved, was causediby some sportsmen set ting fire to a log in cider to burn out some rabbits. To-day a man was caught by Con stable tG’Shannassy deliberately setting fire to a portiou of the Tatooke Estate, aud will be prosecuted. The fire is likely to burn for many days yet. Nagambie, Thursday. Last night a fire broke out in an isolated four-roomed wooden cottage, occupied by Mr Leary, who., with his wife, escaped with difficulty. All the furniture was entirely destroyed. The building was owned by Mrs Dawson, and was uninsured. On Saturday last a coach .house and buggy belonging to Mr Rody Ryan were destroyed by fire, and two calves in the building were also burned to death. 