ON THE SNOWY RIVER. Br Brunt AROUND ORBOST. Orbost is a thriving little bash bamlet that is rapidly developing into an important town. It ie the principal centre ot population in Croajingolong, for though there are several older places on the map, I was told they had not yet emerged from the hotel, store, and blacksmith's shop stage. Orbost has several streets laid ont, houses ore being ran np rapidly, there is a good hotel, a temperance hotel, itwo large stores, a school, a boot maker's shop, a batcher's shop, and a lock-np, bat as' yet not a church. The in habitants have a great idea of the future of the district, a railway league has been formed to obtain railway communication with Bairns dale, and it is hoped that the line will be carried on to the New Sonth'Wales boundary to open up the rich forest land known to exist in that direction. The township is named after the old cattle ran that was taken up in the early days of the colony by Mr. Hector M'Leod, the home station of which, now the property of Sir W. J. Clarke, is close by. It is at Orbost that the pioneers take leave of civilisation on venturing into the great land of inountain and forest to the northward. Beyond this point all traffic is carried on by means of packhorses. Groups of mining or agricultural. prospectors are frequently seen setting out on their journey with a string of nnhappy-looking packhorses. It is a place where men stay for a day or two's rest—often for a day or two's whisky —before starting on their rough, toilsome journey. At Orbost towoBbip I was met by Mr. C. N. Henderson, who manages Sir W. J. Clarke's property in this partof Victoria, and to whom I bad a letter of introduction. Accepting Mr. Henderson's hospitable invi tation, I accompanied bim to the old Orbost homestead, which is scarcely half a mile from the village. The house is situated on a sloping hank, which rises gently from the river flat to the heavy forest that covers all the higher land. The view from the honse gave me a good idea of the country I had come to see.- In front stretched a wide open' flat, containing between 8,000 and 4,000 acres. A portion nf' this flat is covered by water in winter, and ds therefore available only for summer grazing. It lies well above the rivels. f?: and can be easily drained. Daring Sir W. J, Clarke's visit to this locality abont three weeks ago he met the landowners on this flat, and a scheme was agreed upon for meet ing the expense of thoroughly draining the land. The soil on this flat is a rich dark loam, changing in places to a peaty solL It is of great fertility, being the detritus of the limestone hills higher op the river, deposited during countless ages, and mixed np with tire vegetable remains of the periods that were exempt from heavy flooding. The river is about a mile across the flat, Its coarse being marked by a fringe of tall trees and shrubs of beantifnl foliage. Approaching the river the land rises, and as it is above the winter floods there are many little fannsteadings dotted along the coarse of the stream, each surrounded Dy fields of maize, potatoes, and pasture. Back from the river flat the country rises tly, bat nothing like a hill or range is to seen. The sou is a fairly good loam, varying from a foot to two feet deep, and resting on yellow clay. In the forest the trees are thick, and many of them are of great size. Splendid timber for fencing is obtained in this forest, and in many of the old fences I saw poets that contained iully as much wood as three ordinary poets, while the rails were oiten a foot in depth. Along by the edge of the flat land, and often well into the forest, I saw a very fine species of gam tree with which I was unacquainted. It is here called the mahogany gum, and is said to be identical with the i&rran; of Western Australia. It is not good timber for split ting, bat is remarkably tongh and last ing. Its colour is a dark brown hence its name—and it is said to be a valuable wood for tnraiture. I saw some slabs of this timber in a cali-pen, at Orbost, and admired the grain of the wood very much. It bad been set np for many yean, and was as close and free from cracks as when first cut. The soil of [this forest makes excellent pasture land when cleared and laid down with grasses. Most European grasses Beem to grow well on it. In the cleared fields round Orbost homestead the banks were quite green, and clover was in blossom everywhere. The task of clearing the forest is a difficult one, and will cost fully the value of the land when it is cleared. This forest land will, I fancy, never be fit for cultivation, but the fine climate will make it an admir able pasture land. Wild flowers are plen tiful, and several very beautiful orchids are found in this neighbourhood. From the time I arrived at Orbost I was struck with the character of the climate. The atmosphere is evidently much more dense than in any other part of Victoria; rain is frequent, and during the whole of the summer the dews ace exceptionally heavy. I have 6een nothing like it Bave in the Medi terranean. The result is that the vegetation on hill and flat is remarkably luxuriant This year it will be almost impossible for those selectors who are clearing the forest to get a bush-fire, and even in ordiuary years it re quires a large amount of dead scrub to get a good barn. Fires have ere now passed through the forest, for the stringy bark trunks are charred iully 50ft from the ground. During my ramble over this district I saw in no one spot any indications of the pastures being burnt up by the sun. In the daytime the eun has considerable power, and, owing to the density of the atmosphere, any exer tion brings out a profuse perspiration. The fierce hot winds, such as we have in Mel bourne, are unknown in Croajingoloog, and the nights, even in the gieateat heat of summer, are.delightfuL It is a restful place, where one cnn idle away the time with a clear conscience, for is not laziness the effect of climate, and who can struggle againBt nature? 'The Orbost run a few years ago consisted of I don't know how many, thousand acres, and in mustering time, so large was the run, it was necessary for the stockmen to camp out for Beveral nights in succession. With such a wide range of forest country and great stretches of scrub, the cattle naturally were very wild, and it was with the greatest diffi culty they were kept in anything iike order. There was aa evident inclination tor cattle, horses, and pigs to become feral in this favoured land, where the animals depend so little on man, and where Nature has been 80 bountiful. Pigs went wild from the first, and bred ireely all over the flats, but they are now pretty well exterminated in the low lands, though wild pigs are still to be found in some places, and the selectors catch the young ones, and fatten them in sties for eating. Sheep have not been much fancied by the settlers on the Snowy Hiver, though the few introduced into the district are said to thrive well. As the low country becomes drained and the forest cleared, sheep will probably be more common, but the great dis tance from a railway will always be a bar to sheep-fattening being much practised. The climate and pasture are well suited to the development of the horse. The quantity of lime in the soil gives plenty of bone, and the animals reared in the district are said to be extremely hardy and of great endurance. Tbe first excursion over Sir W. J. Clarke'e property was to a place called Neumeralla, si tuated on the sonth side of the river. Cross ing on the pnnt, I noticed that there was a depth of about 15ft of rich brown loam with got a good insight of what this splendid valley land is capable when laid down-in grass. The field was ploughed in November, and sown with rye grass, white clover, and cow-grass in May. In September following, four months after - the seed was sown, 300 head of cattle and about a score of horses were put into the field. The grass continued so abundant that, shortly after, 50 head of cattle were added to tbe Btock. In December, half tbe. cattle were taken out, and after that a beast to tbe acre waa fattened in the field. We crossed a lane, in which the thistles were of immense size, and entered a field on the opposite side. Here I saw the effect "pi rolling toe thistles with a machine designed fok toe purpose by Mr. Henderson. This machine consists of a hardwood' roller, 8ft long and 2ft in dia meter, on-which, are fastened strips of 2in. angle-iron abont 4in, apart This was at tached to a 4ft compenaatihg-yolier, also bonded with angle-iron, by a strong timber frame. The pole ia' lift'off toe centre to wards the smaller roller, and is strongly stayed in back and front The field I saw bad been one great bed of thistles, bat the effect of passing the roller over toe ■ surface had completely destroyed them, and their withering stems could be * seen iike a heavy much on the soil. Tbe * roller made by Mr. Henderaon for killing toe tbistles has been in work for four yearn, ftud. with some of the parte renovated it will probably last for another fonr yean. 1 have heard that the machine nsea for breaking down the m&llee; waa ihade after toe pattern of Mr. Henderson's thistle-destroyer. This machine has been nsed onfarma all over toe •valley of the Snowy River, and has proved remarkably successful. TheTcroBblng fthd tearing of toe fibres of the plants eeerni.tO kill them moat effectually, and It am* finite 'as well in destroying brackens. There was (scarcely a thistle to do seen growing in to! field that was covered with the whitening Btema ot the old plants. \- The next field we entered was one of 80 acres, and here I had another striking illus tration of the marvellous growth on the river flats. Early last January the pasture >n this field was eaten as bare as fallow land by myriads of caterpillars,and all the stock were taken out of it On the 24th of that month, though no rain bad fallen in the interval, the grass had grown so well that 30 working bullocks were pnt in the field, and on the lOtn February 64 head of cattle were added to the working bnllocks, making 94 head of large cattle in a field of 80 acres that a month be fore had not a blade of grass in it What makes this all the more extraordinary is the fact that this was the first year the field had been laid down in grass. The adjoining field hod been laid down this year, and, like all the Neumeralla property, was covered with a splendid sward of grass and clover. I was told that Sir W. J. Clarke Intends shortly to cot op the Neumeralla block into moderate-sized farms, which will be let to tenants for a term of years on the same plan as the Dowling Forest Estate is leased. This should prove a pronounced success, for finer agricultural land than that 1 drove over at Neumeralla could not be found, while the climate is such that good cultivation is sure to be rewarded with heavy crops. The sur veyor will shortly be at work laying ont the farms, which will be from 80 to 100 acres in extent. Half of the farms will have a front age to the river reserve, and the other half will extend back to the foot of the rising ground. As there is no difficulty in getting a good supply of water all over the low land at a moderate distance from the surface, the river frontage will be no great advantage in this case. When the land has been a few years in the hands of agriculturists as careful and skilful as those on the Dowling Forest Estate, Neumeralla should be one of the Bbow places in Australia. 