MOUNT COSTIGAN. JUNCTION POINT.-As a rule a new gold rush causes no little amount of excitement amongst diggers, lucky or otberwise, and too often the reports of a rush are exaggerated beyond reason, the consequenes being that hundreds of men (some penniless) swarm from all parts to the golden spot, where their ex pectations are damped by the appearance of duffers in no small numbers. After making a careful in spection of the field at Junction Point, I find that there are thirteen diggers on gold, payable or other wise. Christie and party washed after seven weeks' digging 16 ozs., and the eighth week washed up 12ozs. 9 ½ dwts. (week ending 15th instant.) Jack the Frenchman, a popular and well-known digger, has secured luck on this field, and is getting from 8 to 8 dwts, per dish. The diggers. all seem to entertain great hopes that the field will be as ex tensive and rich one, and these hopes were strengthened on Saturday evening, when a 15 dwt, nugget was washed by a party below Jack the French man's c!aim, the vicinity of which appears to be rich and the run of gold regular. The leader is running north and south from the reef, which was worked some twenty years ago, and is now the formation of a shallow gully. As you face the reef, which is at the south head of thes leader and right side of the. gully, there for a:distance of a little more than a mile the preoious metal is obtained in patches and to the left of the gully, facing same direction hardly. a colour can be obtained. On the gold-bearing line good prospects have been bottomed at from seven to twenty feet; but on the left-hand side of the gully shafts forty feet deep exhibits only a rotten deep tissue bottom without any yield. All along the golden route (as it is termed) every available piece of ground is pegged out; and although there are about eighty men on the field, only one-eighth of them at the present time are gaining "tucker." I would therefore strongly caution people against rushing till the field shows further signs of developmlent, as provisions are dear, and tihe sum of 5/- per week each man is charged for working the groutd, it being private property. Glorious rain fell early on Sun- day morning till about ten o'clock, affording every facility for washing. There are two stores and a butcher's shop on the fleld. Further particulars will be forwarded from time to time, A WELCOME CHANGE.-For a long period we have not had anything but complaints in reference to the drought and the devastation of bush-fires, but on Saturday, 15th instant, we were visited by a thunder storm whilch gave the district a general and refresh ing downpour, extinguishing bush-fires and giving now vitality to the crops and pastures. Great relief has been afforded to those favored. The atmosphere has been refreshed and cleared from smoke, relieving the pressure felt keenly by all. Bush-fires have been raging in this part for some time, and valuable grass paddocks and fencing were reported from all sides to be destroyed; but thanks to this welcome visitation, the fires have been quenched, and an improvement effected in the tone and feeling generally. SNAKES.-A large diamond snake was killed by a miner named Hogdon on Sunday last, near one of the mines in the vicinity of Mount Costigan. The reptile, which measured 8 feet 7 inches, was found to contain in its stomach a large opossum and several birds which it had recently devoured. OBITUARY. -A cloud of sadness hung over our township on Sunday evening, when the news of Mr. Archibald Ferguson's death rapidly circulated through the town for only a few days previously he seemed in the best of health and spirits, and death called away in Mr, Ferguson a much-respected and popular resident. MOUNT COSTIGAN LEAD AND SILVER MINE. - After being shut down for a period of over five months, awaiting the completion of cable-tram and two other furnaces, "reverbatory and caleine," &c.;, this mine is expected to make another start at the end of January, when everything is expected to be in good sound working order. Mr. Chiddy, the general manager, and Mr. Ashcroft, clerk of works have been busily engaged pushing on the work of improvements, which is of an extensive character; and to the supreme satisfaction of business people and workmen, the dense volume of smoke which in the past denoted to the far- distant stranger the exact position of the silver fluid will once more belch forth its fire and rolling smoke heavenward. BUSINESS. - For some considerable time business at Mount COotigan has been at a standstill, owing to so few hands being employed in the mines, Affairs are at present very depressed, and storekeeprs are to be soon daily standing at their doors watching each other with a somewhat complicated interest; but we hope for brighter days. December 19. 