JEERALING. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) December 6. As a natural course, I must take for my first topic the weather. Since this district has been opened up I am quite sure that we have not experienced such a continued stretch of dry weather as during the present year. Still, not withstanding the drought, the grass continues to thrive, which, coupled with a plentiful supply of water, places us beyond complaint. I visited Mr. Little's property the other day, and was shown over it by the obliging proprietor. The place presents the appearance of a long cultivated farm, being all laid down in artificial grasses, presenting a won derful contrast to the scrub land, which in some places adjoins it. The prolific growth of fruit trees in Mr. Little's orchard proves that a profitable in dustry may be carried on in this direc tion, while the fertility of the soil throughout the locality, coupled with the usually favourable seasons, would, under agricultural pursuits, prove equally remunerative. Mr. Pryde's farm, adjoining the one just mentioned,is similar in all respects, with the exception that it is not quite so much improved. This is accounted for by the fact that Mr. Pryde is a bachelor, and therefore has not the same amount of help available as his neighbour, still the work done reflects great credit on the proprietor. One of your respected townsmen, Mr. A. Walker, also owns property in this vicinity, and I assure you we are quite proud to have him as one of us. Tile only thing now needed by the land-owners out here is some sort of light railway, in order to render the carriage of their products equal in cost to those of the districts which are thus favoured. Not only would such a work thoroughly develop the farming in dustry, but it would be the means of access to an almost inexhaustible supply of timber, the carriage of which alone would pay for constructing the railway. The bushfires are raging in and around Jeeraling, and unless rain soon comes, will prove a source of great anxiety to all the selectors, who will be in immediate danger of having their houses burned from over their heads. 