NOTES OF A RECENT TRIP. [BY TRAVELLER] I started about a month ago to have look at the country, and have travelled a good deal 6ince, and will now try and give my views concerning the yield of the crops, having noticed many conflicting reports in different papers with Tegard to the same. 1 noticed some as good crops as ever I saw In the olden times, but I am sorry to say that they were few and far between, was told by one or two of the landowners that the yield in some of their paddocks turned out between 30 and 40 bushels to the acre. This of course was only in exceptional instances. The general yield will not be more than seven or eight bushels to the acre, and this is on account of the red rust. I can say with confidence that thousands of acres have had cattle and sheep turned in to eat off the crops, the latter 'not being worth taking off. The bush-fires have made sad havoc both with the homesteads and the stock, and in some instanceo I may say have caused total ruin to the owner. Some of the large farmers in the district are of opinion that the stripper will shortly be a thing of the past, and the self-binder will take its place; but others are not eo eanguine on that particular point. It is all very well for the rich farmer to talk, but the binder with the thresher costs a lot of money, which the small farmer cannot afford. A good many farmers speak very highly of Wood's patent binder, which they say has had every trial and given perfect satisfaction, proving better in a heavy crop than most other machines; and when once a farmer gets an idea in his head, it is hard to get it ont. This machine has certainly one great advantage—it keeps the ground clean. I mnst also give Mr. Maxwell great credit for introducing Bagshaw's cleaning machine. This machine is from Adelaide, and it is no doubt the best that has been invented. It works with a rolling screen, which prevents choking, and is capable with four men of cleaning and bagging 100 bags a day. With six men it will turn out 200 bags a day. This machine is very highly spoken of. Mr. Snart's threshing machine has been in the district doing a very good business, but the farmers complain that the straw elevator is not long enough, and to do good work should be 17ft. longer. I must give credit to the owners of the many -very pretty homesteads I visited. Amongst others are thoEe of Mr. Christoph Westendorf and Mr. Christian Westendorf, at Jindera; also that of Mr. Zweck at Burro mbnttock. In speaking of Jindera, I do not know of any township in the colony that requires a police station more than the above. I stayed one night in that place, which was quite sufficient for any respectable traveller, for it swarms with overgrown larrikins, who use language too polite to repeat, and the townspeople loudly complain. I was very nearly forgetting one item, and I always like to give credit where credit is due. Whilst at Germanton I was shown a set of buggy harness which was made of embossed leather, the invention of your respected townsman Mr. R. C. Thomson, saddler. This embossed leather is said to last twice as long as the common leatherwork, to 6ay nothing of its beauty. 