Lectures. Heads and Faces. — Miss Jessie A. Fowler, tfi* famous phrenologist, who has just arrived from. Melbourne, made her first appearance before a Sydney audience hist evening in the Y.M.C.A. HalL Pitt-street. The Rev. G.Campbell presided, and there was a fair attendance. Miss Fowler. who is a lady of about middle height with, pleasing features, and keen, merry eye ; has a* fine distinct delivery and a wonderful fund, of humor. She handles her subject in a thoroughly masterly manner, and it is evident she has devoted a considerable amount of study to it, and has profited largely by her wide exper ience. The 'chairman briefly introduced Miss: Fowler, who, upon rising, said it was the first time she hail had the privilege of appearing be~ fore a Sydney audience. She had heard a good deal since being in Australia of federation, and it was apparent the desire in the colonies for this, end was becoming strong. The faculties of the mind were in a somewhat sim ilar condition as tfliey were greatly strength ened by federation. The speaker then described very clearly and at great length the various workings of the brain, and their positions in the skull, and showed that human beings were not given perfect organisations to begin with, but that such were of gradual growth (the growth in many instances being very gradual indeed). A roan might have an exceedingly large head and yet be a complete blockhead. Quality had to ia, taken very largely into account as well as quan tity. The thickness, thinness,, and fine ness of the skull had all . to do with the brain. AH artists and poets had a broad outer edge to the forehead. Scientists had a heavy base to the brain over the -eye. As a rule the Australians had this cast of mind. They had not such a fund of the reflective power ; they were in too great a hurry for reflection; they had too much to accomplish to linger long hi weighing matters. The typical Australian would be known more for his scientific attainments than, for study. There was one thing very noticeable about Australians generally, and that was, that they would look you straight in the face, and in this way they showed they were frank and honest. Heads that were high were more inclined to be spiritual ; thinking how they could quicker develop their moral and spiritual attainments than gratify their baser promptings. Tne speaker then described the various features of the face, showing to what the form or shape of each chiefly tended. Three gentlemen then, ascended the platform, Mr. Wig-zell being the first to have his head examined. The qualities and tendencies of each were clearly and excel lently pourtrayed, and upon concluding they in dividually testified to the accuracy of the state ments made in reference to them. Three ladies then underwent a similar operation, the attri butes of each being cleverly dealt with. A hearty vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. Work foe Women. — This was not the title of the lecture delivered in the Technical Hall, School of Arts, last night ; but it might very well have been. Mrs. Hastie, however, preferred calling it 'History of Shorthand and Typewriting, and their use as an enijjloymeirf; for women.' The lecturess is a member of the Ladies' Shorthand and Typewriting Association of this cityj aud should be supposed to be acquainted with the subject on -which she dealt. So she was ?, but whilst warning her female hearers to be ware of sentiment she occasionally dropped into it herself. This was no more than could have been expected, and as the lady's ideas with regard to velocity were gathered from American, sources, there 'was of course nothing in the shape of exaggeration. This, however, -was not touched upon by her until she had told her audience (which was a crowded one) that shorthand vas practised by the ancients 4S0 years before the Christian era. She then traced it down to the Reformation, during which excited period she claimed for it an immense amount of good. The crude modes then prevailing subsequently led to more modern and much improved systems. Amongst those she referred to were Gurnet's, Taylor's, and, of course, Pitman's. She fully be lieved that a lady would be able to report speeches, though sometimes it would be improper for them to undertake such work, and she won a big peal of laughter when she referred to what every now and then took places in Parliament. Here she evidently forgot that to earn her daily bread and butter with oysters, soups, fish, fovrl, ham, and other luxuries, the lady reporter would have to take things pretty well as they came. If she fainted at the sight of a mouse she wouldn't prove very effective in a well-filled morgue. The lady was much happier when she came to the typewriter, with which she seemed to be more intimately ac quainted. It is to be regretted that the names of the makers cannot here be given as they were by Mrs. Hastie. 'lVould be alike invidious and unbusinesslike to particularise them. She did not go so far as to 'wish that ladies should be elected to Parliament ; but she saw no reason why they should not be allowed tc report the proceedings. This was well enough for the ladies ; but she qualified her remarks by adding that even Parliamentary scenes would not be always the nicest things ? for a young lady to have to sit out. This was some what inconsistent with Mrs. Hastie's sugges tion that lady reporters would exercise a benign influence over the Macquarie- street people. If tbe gentle scribes had to run away from what their pure pens could not recordj surely hon. members could pitch into each othei as they liked. Mrs. Hastie was very valuable whilst dealing with the conditions necessary to ensure success, and the necessity of a business education for women ; but she far too severely handicapped them by telling them that they should not only understand Latin, J-ut some con tinental languages. She was many times - ap plauded. R.A.O.B.— The largest gathering of member* of the order which has taken place for a long time was held in the South Sydney Club, George street south, hist Sunday night, the occasion being the raising of Grand Prinio E. G. Porter to the third degree. The ceremony -sras performed by P.G.P. 'Sir' H. Levien; aud among those present wore D.G. Primo 'Sir' W. Shroeder, 'Sir' Thomas Tuck (S.B.), Grand Prinio Wheat ley, 'Sir' W. Smith, and Grand Secretary Wilson (E.B.), 'Sir' James Thorpe (Grand Primo of the Independent Banner), and a large number of primos. ' Sir' H. Levien having raised ' Sir' Edward G. Porter, he delivered an interesting address, during which he referred to the good qualities of ' Sir' Edward, and re marked that he trusted that that gentleman would be elected again as Grand, on account of his having done so much for the benefit of the whole order. He considered that ''Sir ' Edward was the right man in the- right place. Loud and pro longed applause followed. He then presented ' Sir ' Edward with a handsome jewel, which was made by Primo Horton, of 418, George-street, and also a pair of gold, diamond earrings, set with rubies, for Mrs. Porter, on behalf of the members. ' Sir ' Edward feelingly replied. Two new mem bers were initiated. The hall was tastefully decorated -with flags, and a light repast was pro vided. It was decided that a letter of condolence should be sent to a member of the Liberator Lodge, Bro. O'Connor, who has had a bereave ment. Distress at Potts' Hill. — A correspondent, ' Pro Bono Publico,' residing at Potts' Hill, has written to us on the subject of the distress exist ing there. In December last numbers of families were burned out by a bushfire, and ever since they have been living in old bag shanties incap able of protecting them from the wind and rain. Some clothes have been distributed by benevolent ladies, but unfortunately in the wrong part of the camp, where there was no fire. The Govern ment assisted a number of Chinfcmen who were burned out at Waterloo, but no Government aid has been given to our own homeless people at Potts' Hill, though more in need than the China men were. That inost'go-ahead Scottish musician, Hamish MacCunn, has been appointed a Professor of Har mony and Coniposition in the Royal Academy of Music, London. Magistrate (severely) : ' Boy, do you know where you'll goto if you telLadie ?' Boy (of Radical tendencies) : ' No, nor you, neither.-' 