J 7assev- Notes.: (From bur Correspondent..) Since my last we have had a wevk'g really seasonable weather. I had' begun thinking that, the seasons were reversed,; but it- is ;npw hofc enough, and.bushfires are shewing themselves 'Ihe changeHble ;wcatHer we have. had hitherto has proved very healthy, but we may now. look .for 'waid, if the same weather continue, for irecdom from *t colds which have been ujiiversaj.- . ,: . Threshing . is pretty well: finished and ripe fruit are beginning to comb in. O.u Wednesday last. JDr.'Leppcr, E. M. meet with au . accident , .of a serious iiature,;? ortunately .the 'Doctor escaped -wittr-only a sliglit cut';ou -tho face. He was t driving Mi\s._'JL$ppey and another, lady/ down 'the/; main street, : and chatting to the^ladie's, must have pulled the wrong rein, causing the carriage to come into con tact with:;Qne of the corner. posty and! throwing/ the jDcctpr to, the, ground. - Luckily this -was; the only injury'/;- -T On li-iday afternoon as Mr. Cirri sti mas was driving Miss Moore and her nieces out, to;. Pairlorn, just; aiter starting the .traces gave wajvand; the harness got out of gear, fortiniately the 'animals were stopped by P. ^C'hT Wheatley arid Su'tton, who we're on the spot and. saw .what was tho matter before the , horses became res tive, and ?$.olaypi(ied. all accido:it. .. , -; Economy it appears is to reach the police force in rather a.-' sweeping fashion. ' Ko doubt'' that this ;is^ a branch of the public service in wKich; reductioTi.s ;cpuld be made ; with ; ad vantage, but from, what I am given to understand those ^officers called on to rcaigri are Cor the most .part me n. who have ate n service and'have n'oth i n g w h ato ve: r aga i up fc 1 1 i o m , ' b u t h a'vo . been market! as men who have at all timc\s pc'rforrnod their duty with credit; to ?thuihsclvcsaiid to : t\w coun try whifliluis eii][iloyed thorn.- .Would -.tnot have been wiser, to . have called ? m the junior members to reniffji. ;to ' have, if iiei-essary continued the .tried servants a.t a temporary ? reduction rather thno di8]-enso with . tho seryicos of a body of m-fii:.who havft.: proved that they are efficient and capablo officers ? One instance I know of a constable having perhaps the longest term of. service of any man in tlie force, who is in no' way. incapacitated by age,: and' it certainly :doea appear to me hard to make this, man .resign an bffice he has held ': upwards of ;25 years, unlessit can be shpwn that he j$ is incapable in same wav of further ^ service. . ' ; ' ?. I shall in my next make a further revie'wJof this subject, and endeavour to show froiriorie point : at' least the fallacy of such a proceeding, In;; preparation for: your. Bunbury Race Meeting-, Mr' -John Bovell has three horses' in training, 'Paddy' 'Streak'; and 'Spirit.' The two ?former, have started for Bridgetown, «? and 1 trust. Mr. . Bovell may have a ?Streak of luck for the Spirit he has shown in training these animals. ' ^ Our grants for Municipality and -^^ Roads Board for 1888 show a great falling, off: when compared, with' last year.;. ;The magniliceut Bum of £23 5s has been passed to Cr. of the Muni cipalit3%- being the moiety for .the first quarter. ? Last, year this body had a grant, of 150/. ,. This year the grant is less by .5.7?, while the , Eoads Board'suffer equally aa much. If economy is' carried; as far tliroughoul!, next year's balance «l^eet ? ought to sho w a ' very different state of things; . ' Our popular Library ' Institution, the'' '/^Vork'ing; Man's ^Lssociation,' 'has ' jiist received' a hew ; supply of books, 350 'volumes^ having been added to' the last. They are a well bound lotHmd .well selected; ' : We have in fact= two Literary ' Institutes; . but ; . one .; seems only to existMu name.. i Subscribers have fall en off until very few if any remain «? Ion.;; the ? roll : of effective memders. In the Timber trade there is noth ing of- moment to report: Shipping: The Barque 'Osaka' sailed from the Hameliu for .Albany on 21st instant. ' ' 