JONEE JUNCTION. MONDAY, January 23. (FBOM OUR OWN OOBBESPOKDENT.) Some very large bush-fires have been raging in this neighborhood during the early part of last week, and a number of settlers have sustained serious losses thereby. No doubt carelessness is the main cause of all these fires, no matter whether they originate from the passing railway engine or from the other thousand-andone wayB which always present themselves in such cases. The stripping is about completed in the district, and the yield of grain has been eminently satisfactory, as I anticipated some time back. The average yield may safely be put down at 16 bushels per acre; and that, when we have before our minds such gloomy reports from almost every district in the colony, is a conclusive proof this district can hold its own, as far as farming pursuits are cracerned, against any place in New South Wales. There is now only one draw back to the farmers of Junee, and that isi the absence of a flour mill. From the quantity^ wheat which has been produced in ^district for the past three seasons, it would appear that there is amrle trade for a mill, ur course the scarcity of water may bave something to do with the want of energy in the residents; but tben would it not be easy to overcome that little difficulty if the inhabitants went properly to work t in the meantime I hope the subject will be kept constantly before the minds of the residents until we see a flonr mill erected in Junee. Our local paper, the Southern Cross, in a recent article advocates the erection of a lands office in this town ; and indeed it is high time some one took up the cudgels for Junee. It is a well-known fact that Wagga has done, and is still doing, her utmost to trample down our rights; but, thanks to the good judgment of the higher authorities, the petty animosity of which the Waggaites are superabundantly possessed must find a place in the cold and unhonored shades of oblivion. The timely action of the Southern Cross is deserving of the highest commendation. 