THE MINISTER FOR WORKS IN THE SOUTH. (BY TELEGRAPH) (FROM OUR OWN REPORTER.) HARDEN, WEDNESDAY. The Minister for Works arrived here at noon, having left Junee Junction at 10.15 a.m. to-day. Before leaving the latter place Mr. Sutherland was driven out to the dam, which is situate near Wantabadgory-road, about 1½ mile from town. The Mayor (Mr. G. Dobbyns), Alderman Humphrys, Traffic-Inspector Roberts, and Locomotive- Inspector Close, accompanied the Minister. This dam or reservoir was excavated some eight years ago for the pur- pose of supplying the railway works at Junee with water. It is situated on the summit of a hill, which is 100ft. above the level of the railway, and it was thought that the works could be supplied through pipes by gravitation. The reser- voir has a cubic capacity of about 3½ million gallons. There is a reserve 1 chain wide, and fenced on both sides, leading fiom the railway works to the dam. The piping for con- ducting tho water to town is laid in this reserve. It is said that the cost of constructing the reservoir was more than £3000. During the whole time it bus been constructed (eight years) it has only been filled with water on one oc- casion. The dam has never fulfilled its purpose except for a period of 12 months. This is said to be owing to the fact that the reservoir was excavated out of the summit of the hill. Consequently there is no watershed worth speaking of. It is empty at the present time, and has been so for the past six weeks. Water for railway purposes has now to be brought from Mr. Hammond's dam at Old Junee. It was formerly brought from Wagga. The question of obtaining a water supply for Junee, and for the railway, is of great importance to 2000 in- habitants of that town. At the present time two schemes are proposed, the one being to pump water from the Murrum- bidgee at Wagga, the other to pump it from Houghlahan's Creek at Old Junee. The advisability of bringing water from both these places was alluded to. Mr. Sutherland hinted that in view of the extraordinary value which Mr. Crawley, tho gentleman who owns nearly the whole of Junee, demanded for a small portion of his land, he thought it would perhaps be cheaper and better to remove the railway works to Wagga direct. This would have the effect of showing Mr. Crawley's true value of his pro- perty, the worth of which had been increased to an enormous extent by the erection of Government property at Junee. It is said that some years before the railway was opened Mr. Crawley selected 640 acres, which only cost him £1 per acre. Subsequently the Government ran the railway right through his selection, and then erected repairing shops at Junee. The result is that, from being a comparatively poor man, Mr. Crawley is now possessed of considerable wealth, and it is said he has asked as muc h as £50 per foot for some of his land. The Junee people want five acres for a park which is badly needed for the health of the inhabitants, but it is feared they will not be able to obtain a recreation ground, as Mr. Crawley asks too much for the land they want. Mr. Sutherland thinks that, seeing what the Government have done to increase the value of his property, he might sell at a reasonable figure. On the journey to Harden the Minister stopped at Demon- drille Junction, where it was pointed out that engines could coal conveniently if a siding were made and an overhead stage were erected. At present engines coal at Harden or Junee, and it is thought if they coaled at Demondrille a considerable saving would be made in haulage. At Mur- rumburrah the station buildings were inspected, and on arriving at Harden the Minister went through the engine sheds, where there is accommodation for eight locomotives. In all about 50 men are employed here. The special left for Goulburn at half-past 1 o'clock. Messrs. Roberts and Close returned to Junee. GOULBURN, WEDNESDAY. The special conveying the Minister for Works, Traffic- inspector Crawford, Locomotive-inspector Webster, and other gentlemen, arrived here this evening. Mr. Suther- land was received by the Mayor of Goulburn, Mr. F. Tait, and Mr. W. R. Riley, and driven to the Commercial Hotel, facing Belmore-square. The Minister called at Binalong, Yass, Fish River, and Breadalbane on the way from Har- den, and inspected the station accommodation at each place. Certain departmental matters of no public importance were also dealt with. Several bush-fires were observed in the hilly country on both sides of the line, between Binalong and Bowning. A fierce fire was raging close to the railway, and fanned by the wind the flames were apparently carry- ing everything before them. A large bushfire was also burning on the hills about a mile from Yass station. Unless rain falls speedily the forest fires will prove exceedingly disastrous in the southern and western districts, as the tall grass is everywhere as dry as tinder, and liable to ignite at any moment, and devastate the country for hundreds of miles. Mr. Sutherland will go over the whole of the rail- way workshops here to-morrow, and receive a deputation at noon. He will probably touch at Mittagong and Picton on Friday, arriving in Sydney the same evening. 