A N.S.W. CORROBOREE. The Sydney Daily Telegraph of a recent date says :—There was another corroboree at the Bondi Aquarium last night. The idea originated with Messrs R. H. Willis ami C. 13. Reuben, both of whom have spent many years amongst tlie natives, and have not only acquired several of their languages, but made themselves acquainted with their modes of living. They have managed to induce 147 natives to leave their haunts and trained them to exhibit themselves in their national festival. The nlacks g it together include members of 8 different aboriginal tribes from Nevertire, Warren, Xarrabri, and Singleton in New South Wales, and from Mulgoa, Diamantina, Barcoo, and Xegoa in Queensland, making 130 performing natives—80 men, 35 women, and 15 children. These include warriors and gins of all ages, from three months to 90 years, an aged chief, who rejoices iu the name of Flower Boy, having reached the latter patriarchal age. Amongst the other salile nobilities are King Harry, King Dick, and a iu »st dignified old lady, Queen Kitty, who indignantly resents any familiarity. The whole lot are in charge of Mr Reuben, who has tliem encamped on the banks of a freshwater lagoon in O'Brien's paddock, near the Bondi beach, where they arc comfortably honsed in gunyahs formed of boughs and sheets of galvanised iron. They have been easily managed, though the majority of them never saw the sea before, and their expressions of wonderment are somewhat comical. Some of them went into tlie water and, following a natural instinct, stopped to have a drink, but speedily spat out the sàlt water rem arkwith a grimace, " That fellah medi- " Most of them are already tired of being under control and want to get to their homes. Last night from 2.000 to <i(iu person assembled. The blacks were mustered at the foot of the rocks ou the southern side of the gorge abutting on the beach, and here in the scrub they m.tde their toilets. The scene partook .« •!n;nv!i::t of a weird <-li::r.-utier. The clectric light wxs d.-ne uwuy with, and as the natives em- rgeJ fr» :i i:ic scrub the only light was that :.IÏ.-ri^i by two large bushfires fed by old tuen \\\u'> throughout kept up a most monotonous chant. The rocky sides of the gorge, the lawn filled with spectators, the ocean rolling in to the eastward and the lurid glare from tlie fires lent a picturesqueness to the scene as the men, whose bodies were hideously painted in al manner of colours, defiled to the front, armed with litelamins and boomerangs, and to tlie tuneless music of tlie women who with a bone kept striking a -sort of banjo made of dried hide, and wen* through their fantastic daneç. At first thcy slowly ninved their bodies in tipne and afterwards went through a strange danoe. After this the warriors emerged in all their fantastic glory of their war paint, and very hideous they locked/ Amied with spear and shield they executed « series of wild mad dances, and tlie whole, men, women and children, at the dose joined iu general revel. The show will be repeated mid 