LOCAL AND GENERAL. Mhi. CLARXE is not to be Agent-General. We don't want a `' gent" general. ST. PATaicic's DAY seems to have been loyally observed throughout tho Australasian colonies. Tue schooner Grouler, which wasbuilt at Lake Macquarie, has become a total wrcrk at. Gerringong. A PEYAL(E' diaconate is to be. o=tablislled in" connection with the Pitt--street Congrega tional Church, rydney. A TEAM of aboriginals'played the Maitland Albions on Friday and Saturday, and were beaten by four wickets. MIu. Jon, POTTs, anti-Chineeo lecturer; has been speaking- at Emmaville, thie. head centre of Chinadom in the Northern District: JTonm DOOLET, 50 years, employed at the Darling Harbour Railway. stntion] was found dead on Sunday on the floor of his lodgings, Bathurst.street, Sydney. Tl? Maitland District Court ,commenced on Saturday. The cases set downor hearing were few in numbei~, and none were of a very important characteir. ErzABETH .OP ENGLAND created,a pro found impression at the Victoria Theatre last night. The mantle of the great Ristori, has evidently fallen upon her niece. THEI ABORIGINALS who are to play in the cricket match on Thursday arrived yesterday. They made the place look so dark that the Mayor thought of illuminating. OwI?o to an alteration in the arrange ments, the London mails via 'Frisco will be ient from London in 30 days instead of 41, the first mail reaching Sydney on May 2. THuE Swon.-A. sword contest on Satur. day between W. Comer, West Camden Lilht Horse; and S. Tonks, late of the First Life Guards, resulted in a victory for the former. BETTER.-WO are glad to be able to state that Dr. Kerr, resident surgeon of the Neow castle Hospital, who lhas been suffering from an attack of diphtheria, is considerably better. PonT DAnwIs is declared to be now free from infectious or contagious diseases., - It is to be hoped that this declaration will not have the effect of allowing more Chinese into New South Wales. MaRS. GORDON BAILIE, who worked the Skye Crofter confidence game so well in Aus: tralia, is the daughter of a Dundee washer woman. Like her mother, she crossed the line, and went from pole to pole. T'ERrnLE bush-fireE are rlging in the Hawke's Bay district of New Zealand. Some seventy square miles of country have been burnt, and the village settlement of Norse wood has been swept away. The settlers have been ruined. SAD AcoIDeNT AT WAGG-A.-At Bruce dale, while the son of James Clarke, a farmer, was assisting his father to roll up a heavy log, it slipped, and the boy, when getting away, fell, the log rolling over and killing him. ALLEGED ARSOX AT'STOCRTON.-We learn on good authority that the prosecution of the defendant in this case wvas ordered by the metropolitan police-the Inspector General, in fact-and may be added to the many blun. ders of the heads of the " foorce." A. CORRESPOONDENT points out that the branch bank in Richmond, Victoria, at which certain irregularities are alleged'to have been discovered, and with which N. S. Griffin is charged, was not a branch of the Bank of Australasia, but of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. TIrE FUNERAL OP SI? RODERT WISDo.. -The romains of the-late Sir Robert Wis dom, K.C.L.G., were interred in the Episco. palian portion of the Waverley Cemetery on Sunday afternoon. Amongst those who at tended the mournful ceremony were Sir Henry Parkes, Sir John Robertson, Sir Saul Samuel, and Sir P. Jennings. The Rev. E. D. M¢adgwick ofieinated. WoEST WALLSSND COAL CO0IPANY, LIMnITED.-Tle manager reports, under date March 16th :-"The cross heading on the east side of the shaft isnow up 105ft. I 'have put in 7ft. of 13ft. arching in this side during the week. Wecst side: The cross heading is now distant 112fb. Air shaft: Total depth to date, 453ft.; week's sinking, 12ft. The whole of the forty-five concrete piers have now been made. The erection of platform and screens has been commenced, -and will be completed with all possible speed. TIIE "VERDICT OF THE.rG?ReIAN PEOPLE. -At the solemn religious service held in the Pitt-street Congregational Church, Sydney, last Sunday afternoon, in commemoration of tihe death of the Emperor William, Pastor Schenk delivered an ' eloquent:' address, which concluded as follows :-" Through out eternal time the Emperor Wil. liam I. has built himself a monument in tihe mind aird hearts of his people mors en during than any structure which human hands can raise, and which will 'cduse" the coming generations to 'dwell with joy and pride on the name of William I." ' Trx death of another child of Alderman Gillam has cast quite a gloom over the coin munity,.. Three beautifnl, promising children have thus been taken away by death from their, distracted, and heart-wrung parents within nine days,-the cause of death being in all three cases that dread malady diphtheria. Under these sad circumstances we can only tender Alderman Gillam our sincere sym pathy, and but echo in doing so the public feeling of deep sorrow with Mr..and Mrs. Gillam at the terrible blows which have fallen on their household. Tn CAsUAL LABOUR BARDnn.-During the ten months thalt the Casual Labour Bbard has been in existence it has employed upon relief works 7690 men, whose average daily earnings, after allowing is ld for the cost of their daily rations, have been between Ss and 4s. Of the 7690 men, the number of 1772 were drafted to private employment. At the present time there are between 1500 and 1600 men employed on relief works. The Board hopes to finish up its work in a couple of months. REIMOVED to corner BMarket and Hunter street. Langer, bookseller. 6 T. Frank Low, Attorney, Solicitor, and' Proctor, Bolton-street, opposite Messrs. J. and A. Brown's, Newcastle. 6813 .ALL our new' goods for the autumn are now opened, and we respectfully solicit your early inspection.-Yours obediently, ScoTT AND, A D.rn 7339 BREAD is tile Briton's staff of life; there. fore it is necessary that it should be raised by the most healthy process. When next you bake, try the Universal Baking Powder and a light, sweet, and nutritious bread will be" the result. This unique preparation avoids all decomposition of the flour, thereby saving a large percentage of its most nutritive elements, making flour go one-fourth further. Food raised by it may be eaten hot with im punity. I: is unrivalled for all kinds of puddings, pastry, cakes, &c.; Guaranteed pure. Sold wholesale and retail by T. JowNs & Co., Lambton. 6802 New MILLINERY, dress goods, fashionablh jackets, now ribbons, laces, and gloves, just spened at SooTT AND AIaD's. 7383 I. MARKS respectfully invites inspection of his new season's goods, just to hand, con si-ting of Drapery, AMen and Boys' Clothing, Hats, Shirts, Collan's, Ties, Braces, &O.;, which have been carefully selected, and will be sold very chleap for caslh. D.hI. is a believer in smuall profitC and quick returns. All goods marked in pl:in ligures at lowest ?esl prices. Note address - D. Marks, opposite II.S.1' Fire Station,: Blane-street Newcastle. - 7891 LAcGER'S Book- Arcade 6! Tue Government of Inidi is again engaged in i little war on the hills. PAnRS and some provincial towns" look upon General Boulancgei as, a victimised man. TimE monumenti to the victims of the Bulli disaster .will cost, about $700, whe-n. com pleted. '. FrL?tv:un, in .tho . Freeman's Journal, .in sinutaes. that thq Ministeui for. Minos spells "cart" wit-h aiC ' IstircGRANTs.--Five pelicans and five hlaighing hyrenas have arrived from Calcutta for the Sydney Zpological Gardens. A EunorPs.L market- gardener has begun work in Tenterfield, not withstanding the great coml.etition of the yellow agony. A MrAx has been captured near Deopwater who is believed to be a notorious hut-robber, known undoer the soubriquet of "the hairy man." B?,rwertxs have begun to be issued again regarding the health of the Emperor of Germany. His Ihroat is once more a source of anxiety. I 'Tas Illawarnra .:lferceur speaks of a melon of 401b weighta-s the biggest ever seen by the reporter. Can any of our IIuntor River farmers go one better ? A. St. Andro}v's Cathedral, Sydney, on Sunday last the sprviee had [ipecial reference to the . death of the Emperor William. Bishop Barry was the preacher. A New COMPAwY to manuflcturo haems,.. bacon. &e.;, is contemplated, and a meeting will be held at tlhe Criterion Hotel this after. noon, at 3 o'clocki to initiate the matter. [iSet Au.slralapian of last week had a supplement of portraits of the present Emperor and Crown Prince of Germany. In the number was also a portrait of the late Emperor: Ssve1fiAL clergymen of Bc111i have arranged to hold special services there on Sunday, 25th instant, in commemoration of the catastrophe which occurred at the Bulli Colliery nearly a year ago. Tun Motlhodiats of Canada are having a revival at present. At a meeting at Ottawa Sir John Macdonald, Premier of 'Canada, and Lady Macdonald stood up among those who were converted. A SERIOUS gas explosion occurred at Hobart recently, whereby Mr. Vivian Ellis ton and Miss oIabel Elliston were severely burned. Tie window sash was blown out a distance of thirty feet. IsrTrGTox BAPTIrsT CIOuac.-A tea and public meeting will be held in the above church to-night, and addresses will be given by thoeRev. A. J. Soper, of Petersham, Syd ney, and other gentlemen. " GEitMANY and England united by royalty, race, and religion," was the title of a sermon preached by the Rev. Dr. Jefferia in the Pitt-street Congregational Church,. Sydney, on Sunday evening last. MIr. INGLIs, Minister for Education, writes very gushingly to a ladies' society for the prevention of cruelty to animals. And tliei he aske for a return as to how much the country has saved by depriving the school-children of firewood ? Ix consequence of an outbreak of yellow fever in Fren:h Guiana, a batch of 300 con victs, who were to be disposed of in that salubrious country have been sent on to New Caledonia instead, to assist in founding a French community in the Pacific. FRoaxr advertisement it will be seen that tihe date for the match between the aboriginal eleven and an eleven of the Newcastle Cricket.Club has been altered from Wednes day to Thursday, the latter being a more suitable date. THE Tenterfield people are making elabo rate preparations to banquetIMeossrs. Inglis and Abigail on the occasion of tile former coming to the town to open the now public school buildings. The proposed date of the visit is April 17th. ToowooxnA, Queensland, is a German stronghold. On Sunday last a procession, headed by ea band, which played a specially composed funeral march, and including 150 German school children, carrying immor telles, marched through the principal streets. HIIGH-TONED LANGUAGE.- "A measly, lousy Scotch dog," is an expression, amongst others, that Mr. Inglis, Minister for Public Instruction, says was used by MIr. MI Ellone in referring to him in the Assembly the other night. It was no wonder, therefore, that the tiger-slayer endeavoured to get at M'Elhone. Tim Emperor of Germany wept, when viewing the funeral pageant of his father. Not unmanly tears theso; they were shed by one who had faced death on many a battle. field, and who has borne his own- sickness with fortitude far greater than that displayed by him when' figitong the enomies of his country. Tim RECENT 8'TABBINGr A'PRiAY.--Johl Barker was yesterday in the local police court remanded until -Friday next upon the chaIrge of wpunding' Robert Ray on February 25th. The cause of the remand was .tthe inability of Dr. Kerr, resident sur geon of the NodouastleeiIHospital, to attend through illness. InMroOrT~A;n To' ?ABINERs.--The i 'M. Herald is informed that it has been decided by the Marine Board that the holder of a certificate as master,'who has besefin com mand for not less tihan two years, may nowr be e'oxamined for master of a foreign-goihg ship, arid if he paisses he will obtlin a cor tificate for that grade. " T?E present Conservative .Government 'aie un. thei horns of a dilemma.. They are threatened by the defection of a stronig J?ody of Unionists, who iare dissatisiled with the re fusal of Lord Salisbury to legislate on the subject of arrears of rent in Ireland; and the temperance party on both sides of the. House are getting restive at. the postponoeie6it of legislation to deal witlh the licensing laws. STEALING' A BALL.-A seven-year. old youngster, named J'amos'.4rown, was before the local Bencliyssterday upon a chargd of stealing an -india-gubber ball, from Ilewit's Arcade,' Blane-street, on Saturday night. lThe .boy was .sentenced .to be imprisoned until the rising df the court, 'which rose shortly after. Thei balls had been placed in the o'dooray of the shop, and the lad had been tempted by some young comrades to steal the enticing toy. 500 mArns of ladios' kid gloves, at 2s 6d, 2s Pd, 3s Pd, 4s d1 4s lid, and 5s Od, just received, at yours obediently, SCOTT & ATIru. 7105 Dr. Treloar, Licentiate of the King's and Queen's College of, Physicians, Ireland, may be consulted at , his residence, Cottage Bridge, daily from 9 till 11 a.m., 2 till 3 p.m., and 7 till 8 p.m. 'Trainms and 'busses pass the door. 16505 LADIES! Coieo and see our new goods, just opened.--ScOr AND AIRDo. - 7337 LADIES ! to-day we make a grand show of now mantles, rmilliniery, ulster jackets, and dress goods, to whii;eh we respectfully solicit your early inspection. Yours obediently, SCOTT &, AIRD. 7104 THE largest stock1 of books at the newly opened Book Arcade, opposite Markets Langer, corner of Hunter and Market streets ADVERTISERS are ngan requested to.en loevour to have orders intended for insertions in the ITerald and Adrocrate delivered at this office not later tlhan 0 o'clock p.m. Copy received by the laot train and post cannot be guaranteed insertion in the following issue rVA.ErriNTIS, birtitday cards, albuums, conm morcial stationery, in larger variety and cheaper tlian anywhore else, at Langer's Arcade, corner Market and Hunter streets. 6 THE Guthrie took away from Sydney to '3ongkong eight boxes of sovereigns, contain Ing oyor,£5600. LocAL Orrrow seems to be a powver in Victoria. At South Williamstown the pubs, have been reduced frdom 2 "tit15.. ALL SEEeNE.-- Sir 'Henry Parkes ]Ihas re covered from his illness, and was able to 'attend to his official duties on Saturday. SEVENr years' penal servitude was given to 'a brute atl Bingora who was found guilty of atteinptirg to assault a child of tender age.' "Teen mining enginedrivers in the AIary, borough district, Victorsa, have made ti de mend for 2s a week extra. If the .extra rate is not granted. they will go out. Tnn French hail Company are building a :.large steamer for the Australian service. The vessel will have a gross tonnage of 8455 tons, .and her speed will be 18 knots. Ten 'shocking weather in America nearly ,caused a terrible catastrophe. " A triiin full" .of Congressmen was blocked by' the storm, ,and the unlucky .1gislators " ere nearly starved to death. What- would .America hao'e done, if fatal results had happened ? Legislators are born, not made. Tn" terrible blush.fires which raged in ,the.o Goulbuirn district last week were very destructive. Mainy farm-ehouses were burnt, and so suddenly that tie occupants in, some cases had difficulty in escaping with their lives. The :roars of the cattle burnt to deaths could be heard for miles. TnEl Mayor of Ashfield, who is a, brother of .Mr J. W. Watkin, will not accede to a requisition, to call a public meeting for the purpose of censiuring, Sir Henry Parkes for his recent attack on Mr. J. W. Watkin at, Liverpool. The Mayor 'thinks such a meet ing could not do any good. WITH reference to the fire on board the Aristomene, on Snidday, we are assuired bi Mr. William Gardner that the fire brigades worked with the greatest goodwill and una nimity together for theucommon object-the' extinction of the fire ; and that to this is disc the success which attended their efforts, well-directed as they were by Captain.Newton, ]Iarbour'master. DEBnATiNG SocIETY.-Tonight a public meeting of members and intending members of the Newcastle School of Arts Literary and Debating Society will' lake place in the lecture-hall, for the purpose of electing a secretary and treasurer and transacting other business. It is to be' hopcd that there will be a good attendance,. so 'that a fair star? may be made for the winter. This morningiMr. iA; sparle will conduct his asual auction saleof colonial produce at his store: In the afternoon the same gentleman will hold sales at the goods-shed and cargo wharf. .Messrs. Brdtnker and Wolfe hold their sale of farm and dairy produce, to-day, at the usuail time and place. ANOTinERn STEP TOWYARDS DECETRALIZAoTIOS.- ' MeCrors. Edwards nnd Pighe will hold a very largo sale of dressed Baltic timbr; iex leomeno, i direct' shipment; on Wedaesday- next, at their auction mart, Wolfe-streot, Newcastle, at 11t o'clo .k, so that timber merchants can obtain first class timber at iuction, insitead of sending their or lers to Sydney. The cargo is the largest im ported to this city, and is in well.assorted sizes and of first-class quahty. Tie attention of tlhe building trade is particularly directed to the sale. Tihe trade will be dolt with liberally. We wishi the importers every success in this decentralizing movement. Full particulars in advertisement. On Thursday, at 3 o'clock, Kossrs. Edwards and Tighe will hold a very important sale of city pro perty, on the ground, corner King'.and Pacific treeots, consisting of eleven drellings, all tenanted, and bringing a large rental. the ground is 19Sft. to King-street by 6ift. to Pacific-street, and com manding one of the most important sites in the city, and would sbake a splendid position for a warehouse, being lhandy to Hounter-street and the wharves. This is an opportunity that seldom offers of obtaining valuable city property. Newcastle is fest becoming a very larro and busy centre, and we predict that it is only in its infancy yet, but have every confidence of it rivalling Sydney, there fore buyers cannot make a sistake by buying in the centre of the city'whenever the opportunity offers. the terms are easy, viz,, quarter rash, balance extending over eighteen months. 