INTERCOLONIAL THE RECENT EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS IN MEW ZEALAND, DUNEDIN. Sept. 3L A severe shock of earthquake, followed by minor tremors in Canterbury and Westlandi baa made the people there somewhat ap prehensive of an outburst of volcanic action similar to that at Tarawera. The severe I shock was felt on Saturday morning at a : quarter past 4, and is supposed to have originated somewhere in Msngahua, on the ! West Coast. It was felt from New Ply. I mouth, in the North Island, to Invercorgill. j in the South Island. Chrietchurch suffered rather severely. The principal damage was to the cathedral spire, some 25ft of the ! finia) helow the cross having come tumbling down on the pavement, some portions nearly striking a scavenger who was passing. Chimneys were twisted, plaster was knocked down, and a party wall came craahing through the roof of a bedroom only vacated a few seconds before by two boys, but no buildings were actually wrecked. Hanmer Plains, 82 miles north of Chriatcburcb, must be somewhere close to the place where the shock originated, and some are inclined to believe that this is the actuallocality. Thisplnin is about 10 miles long by four miles bro&d;, and shout the centre of it there are nine hot springs, with a strong escape of sulphuretted hydrogen. For some time past it is said rumbling notses have been heard from the hills, and these gained in intensity nntil they became like the discharge of musketry. On Friday evening they were followed by shocks of earthquake, and then the noise increased until the severe shock of Saturday morning. Since then the whole plain is said to nave been almost continuously quivering The hot springs over* flowed, and gas is neaping from numberless places on the plain. The houses on sna near the plain have been damaged, and in Bome cases wrecked, while chimneys nave been thrown down In all directions Tne buildings at Mr. Rutherford's station at Ulynroye are completely wrecked, as was also a large brick house belonging to Mr. Atkinson, a wooden addition to which was shifted from the foundations. The house of Mr. Adams at Hopefield was also wrecked, and in eacn of these cases the families have had to see* shelter elsewhere. To show how severe toe shock was here, it may be stated that a concrete sheep-dip was Shattered. new springs are aayd to have made tteu appearance on the plain. The property will probably amount to aww £3,OOOl Next to Hanmer .Plains and CbriiP church, the shock was felt most Mrc/*Jfana the West Coast At Reefton the groaningana creaking in one of the mines caused the at work to make their way speedily to ^ surface. Quite n wnmher of minor ebpep ' — *■ /&• have since been experienced. At Greymouth end Westport crockery was smashed and a tew chimneys injured, bnt no other damage is reported. On the road between Christchuroh and Hokitika several slips were caused, and in one case, where the road is cat out of the Bide of the hill, most of it was fnVf-n away, leaving only about 4ft. next to the hill. At Wellington, the place where earthquakes are most felt, the Bhock on Friday morning caused some alarm, not from' its severity, but from its duration, as it was Seared that it was only the precursor of some thing more serious, but this did not prove to tie the case. Further north the shock was only felt slightly. South of Christchurch the tremor was not severe, and no damage is reported. It is somewhat singular that while at Dunedin the shock was felt only slightly, and in many instances not at all, at Inver cargill, over 100 mileB further south, it was so severe as to shake many tons of water out of the tanks at the gasworks. It is believed that the shock was heaviest j n Christchurch. The tower and Bpire of jhe cathedral, it may be stated, were 202ft. in height. The tower was the gift of the late Mr. R H. Rhodes, and the spire* was erected at the coBt of his sons and daughters. So far as can be ascertained, neither the building nor the tower is in any way injured. A singular circumstance waB noticed in Dunedin, which may or may not have con nection with the earthquake Bhocks. In the north-western sky was a lurid glare, so bright for some time that it had all the appearance of the reflection -of a big fire, which did not seem to be more than two streets away. This was also noticed at Invercargill, where it was mistaken for a bushfire.' 8 