INTERCOLONIAL TELE- GRAMS. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Thursday. The miners who struck work in the South Waratah Colliery have received notice to quit their houses which belong to the compfeny. Serious disturbances are feared owing to the refusal of the manager to allow the men to remove their tools from the pit before the 14 days' notice has expired. The men have decided to assemble to-morrow and forcibly remove their tools. A number of sporting men were to-day fined heavily for loitering on the pathway outside Tattersall'a Club and Hotel. The prosecutions were the outcome of complaints caused by sporting men congregating at the place mentioned. Fourteen hundred sheep are known to have perished by the recent bush-fires on Dent's station, near Grenfell, and other owners have suffered very heavy losses. Mr. A. G. Taylor, 6X-M.L.A. for Mudgee. and who was recently acting Examiner of Patents, is seriously ill, and has so far been unable to explain hiB conduct, which recently led to his suspension. The Government medical officer has reported that the health of E.'B. Holt, late manager of the Bank of New Zealand, Sydney, who is now undergoing imprisonment for embezzlement, would be endangered by further incarceration. Holt has only served about half the term of four years' imprisonment to which he was sentenced. The Minister of Justice will decide on the case in a few days. Mr. Longhead, who recently put down a bore on Thurulgoona station, Queensland, with brilliant results, has been engaged to bore 1,000ft. or more if necessary, with a view of striking a subterranean water supply for domestic purposes;at Broken-hill. WAGGA, Thursday. A fire occurred this afternoon in Weatoecottage, next to Westoe- house. This was one of the earlest buildings in Wagga, and at one time was called the Royal Hotel, which was one of the first hostelries in Wagga. The -building was email, and was used at one time as an hospital, being the first in the Wagga district. It is reported that the building was insured. SYDNEY, Friday. Cardinal Moran leaves for Rome on May 8. He will be absent for five months, and will not go beyond Rome. This visit has long been -contemplated, and it is understood that there is some special object to be served. The Australian Mercantile, Loan, and Guarantee Company is being floated, the capital being £500,000 in 5000 shares of £100 each. 1000 shares are now being offered. , SYDNEY, Sunday. The dispute at the South Waratah Colliery is still unsettled. The management decline to submit to arbitration, have withdrawn all concessions, and decline to pay anything more than the fair district prices. Altogether six men have been arrested for uvagely assaulting Constable Ridley at Redferni on Thursday. WAGGA WAGGA, Sunday. Some idea of the revenue of the Wagga Wagga Land Office may be gathered from the following figures :—On Thursday the receipts, including interest and instalments on conditional purchases, amounted to £2366; and the revenue for the week ending the Saturday irevious was £3056. These amounts are a fong way ahead of the receipts of any other land office in the colony. The revenue for the week ending Wednesday was £2854. SYDNEY, Monday. An application was made in the Supreme Court to-day on behalf of E. B. Holt, late manager of the Bank ot New Zealand, and now a prisoner in Darlinghurst, for an order restraining the trustees of his insolvent estate from disposing of his interest in the lease of the Rosehill Racecourse to the Bank of New (Zealand. Mr. Justice Owen dismissed the .application, remarking that as the prisoner's .interest in the lease was purchased with money "stolen from the bank, Holt would obtain no .consideration in an equity court, whatever a law court might allow. Mr. E. Steinfeld, the chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of Manufactures, conferred ^to-day with the members of the local chamber, with a view to fixing the date of the forthcoming intercolonial conference on an Austral asian Customs Union and intercolonial free trade. Nothing was definitely decided, but the conference will probably take place early; In June. The Chambers of Manufactures of all the colonies will be represented, and the: .Chambers of Commerce of Melbourne, Adelaide, Hob&rt;, Maryborough, (Queens-; latd^, Canterbury, Dunedin, and Auckland: (New Zealand), and Levuka (Fiji) have' promised to send delegates. It is thought that probably the Sydney Chamber of Comirierce will also join the conference when the plight misunderstanding at present existing as to the object of the gathering has been removed. Mr. A. G. Taylor, examiner of patents, and ex-M.L.A. for Mudgee, has been allowed to resume the duties of his office, the Minister of Justice having removed the suspension in consideration of the heavy and iniportant duties discharged by Mr. Taylor. .^Ir. Fletcher, M.L.A., has been served with a writ at the instance of Mr. John Haynes, M.L.A., claiming £5,000 damages for hssault in cpnnection with the recent disturbance in the Assembly Chamber. SYDNEY, Tuesday. . Jerry Marshall and Frank Payne, the principals of the recent prize fight in Foley's Athletic-hall, were charged at the Central Police Court this morning with having committed a breacji of the peace, and Larry Foley, P.' Jackson, and other pugilists present were charged with aiding and abetting the fight. The evidence showed that the men fought with light boring gloves for 11 rounds until Afarahall gave in through exhaustion. Neither of the men was badly punished: The magistrate did not consider himself warranted in committing the defendants for trial for misdemeanour, and dismissed the information. A large Bupply of good water has been struck on Bundaleer station by Longhead's boringmachine, which was put down 700ft. in four weeks. It struck water, which increased in volume until it gave l,600gal. per hour, at 831ft. , .The return prepared by the Government statistician shows that the population of the colony on Defcember 31 was as follows:— Males, 674,012; females, 468,907; total, 1,042,919. This gives New South Wales 1,809 souls in eixcess of the population of Victoria at the end ot the year. . Mr. Kethel, M.L.A., and Mr. Smith and Captain M'Leod, residents in the New Hebrides, Waited on the Premier to-day and represented that in establishing regular steam communication with the New Hebrides and Australia, Sydney should be made the final port. Sir Henry Parkes said the whole matter was under consideration, and he could make no definite promise. He asked the deputation to submit a scheme for the consideration of the Cabinet. The New South Wales eight-oar crew will proceed to Melbourne on April 6, and will take up their quarters at St. Kilda. Mr. Troughton, clerk of petty sessions at Campbelltown, mysteriously disappeared about a fortnight ago, and nothing has been seen or heaid of him since. His accounts are all right. He was recently married. The Church of England Centennial Fund has reached £32,751. A nugget from Mount Browne, weighing 28oz. 17dwt. of the finest gold, has been received at the Sydney Mint. This is the largest nugget found at the Mount Browne goldfield. ; 