ALBOBY.LAND BOABD. — The next sitting of this board will be held on Tuesday, 24th inet. TUHP MEMO.—Nominations for the principal events at the Albury races must be in on Wednesday next, 15th February. POLICE COUBT HODB.—On Monday the chairman of ihe Bench announced that in future the police court would open at 10 a.m. THE MAYOBAL ELECTION.—A meeting of the Borough Council for the election of Mayor will be held at noon to-day, at the Council Chambers. WINE LICENSE CANCELLED.—At the police ( court on Wednesday, Mr. F. Sisjg surrendered I his wine license for cancellation, having !?t ! the premises at the corner of Oim-^reci for ! other purposes. AFFILIATION CASE.—On Tuesday Iss: s young man named Richard Byer? Pinioned by Jessie Bye for fajliu^ illegitimate child. The cise ceo . until Friday (to-day). , ALBUBY GAS COMPAXT.—A: the CE^CRAL : meeting of the Gas Company on Mocdiy evening the report and balance-sheet submitted were of a very satisfactory character, and a dividend of Is. 6d. per share was declared. A ROWDY CHABACTEB.—On Tuesday last, at the local police court, James Wells, charged with riotous conduct and with resisting the police in the execution of their duty, pleaded guilty to both charges, and was fined 20s., with the alternative of 48 hours' imprisonment, in each case. BBEACH OF THE STOCK ACT.—Several persons were proceeded against in the police court liv the Inspector of Stock on Tuesday last, for failing to send in the returns required by law. In a majoiity of instances the cases were adjourned. Iu the case of R. Collard, defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 5J. and costs, 4s. lOd. THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—'The outgoing committee of the Mechanics' Institute fully realised the necessity of providing at an early date for the rebuilding of the portion of the structure frontiug Dean-street, which for some years past has been in a very dilapidated condition. Their successors, taking much the same view of the matter, have set apart the sum of £100 to serve as the nucleus of a building fund. A HABVESTEB'S CHALLENGE. — Phillip Curry, of Tallangatta, publishes the following challenge :—" I, the undersigned, hearing that my abilities as a harvester have been questioned, here challenge any man in this district, or any part of the colony, to a binding contcst, 50 or 100 sheaves, for £5 or £10. Time, clean picking, and tying to be counted. Money add man at Herald office. Persons fancying themselves will kindly 'fctump up or shut up.'" RAILWAY TO DEDEBANG.—A meeting having for its object the taking of steps to arrange for the construction of a line of railway .from Wodonga to Dedcrang was held at the Gundowring school last week. Mr. David Wallace was Voted to the chair, and Mr. John M'Donald was voted treasurer. After the feasibility] of;the proposed line from Huon's lane to Myrtleford—the first portion being to Dederang, a distance of about 20 miles—had been discussed, it was decided to hold a meeting at Tawanga. WESLEYAN STATIONS.—At the 'recent sittings of the Wesleyan Conference in Sydney, the following list of stations for 1888 was agreed upon : r- Wagga Wagga, - William Weston ; Junee, R. B. Bowes, who shall exchange with the minitterof the Wagga Wagga circuit twice in each quarter; Adelong, W. H. Hal', B.A.J Cootamundra, E. Fox ; Deniliquin, John Culvert; Hay, Gustavus Thompson ; Narandera, One to be sent; Wentworth, Andrew Hollidav ; Corowa, Frederic Warner ; Albury, J. G. Morris Taylor ; Wilcannia, John K. Turner ; W. Weston, chairman of the district. FATAL ACCIDENT AT TABBAWINGEE.—Mr. George Spink, & well-known farmer and vigneron residing at Tarrawingee, met with a terribly sudden death on Saturday night last. It is presumed that Mr. Spink went down to his cellar, and in the act of coming up the steps fell to the bottom, and fractured the base of his skull. His family, missing him, went in search, and found him dead in the cellar. A post-mortem examination and an inquiry was held, and a verdict of accidental death returned. Deceased was a member of the North Ovens Shire Council, and was well known throughout the district. PROSPECTING AT GBANYA.—Our correspondent writes :—" Boring operations in this locality are being continued. No. 1 bore was commenced at a point about mile from the Murray River and one miie from the Granya township. It bottomed at 35£ft., with results not made public. It is understood, however, that som-i trouble was encountered from the drift. No. 2 was started on Saturday, aud is now (6th February) down 27ft. The bore at present stands without tubing. New quartz prospecting claims have been taken up, and there is a reason to hope that mining matters will look up." SPOBT AT THE RAILWAY STATION.—Some little amuiemeut was caused to those who chanced to be at the railway station one day last week on ihe arrival of a cjnsigument of pigs en route for Melbourne. The train was late, and as it was absolutely necessary that the stock shon Id proceed to Melbourne forthwith, there was a little hurry over the removal of the pigs from one train to the otherj and during the bustle one or two escaped. Some good sport then took place in the course of the efforts made to cjpture ihe runaways, one of the porters displaying an amount of dexterity in following up his prey that should stamp him as champion pigbuoter. Ultimately the lot were boxed up iu time. THE LOCAI. OPTION VOTE—For the guidance of persons who may not understand the ballot-paper to be used in taking the local option vote to-morrow, we append the following hints. There are two questions tc be answered. The first question, at the top of the paper, is "Shatl any new licenses be granted ? ' The second question, at the bottom oi :he paper, is " Shall any removals of lieens<w be granted V' All who ot ject t-i the incrtise of hotels will scratch out the word ** Tes" 2t Ihe top. All who object to the rem;vTsl of licenses from one house to another, »ilk scratch out the word " Yes" at the bottom v-: the p-iper. All who believe that people should i-e allowed to open new hotels if they cb-vse, will scratch out the word '"No" in both places. A OBCEL HOAX.—Some young persons of a playful turn of mind have perpetrated a rather cruel joke at the expense of a youthful German resident in South Australia. The victim recently advertised for a wife in a South Australian paper, copies of which fell into the hands of the jokers. The latter at once set themselves to work to secure photos, of several" moiif attractive-looking ladies. Whether they obtained portraits of professional beauties iV*. actresses, <jr reproductions*-of > merely ideal faces painted by imaginative artist*, deponent sayeth not, but the fact remains that these photos, were sent as the bona fide likenesses of ladies residing in the Albury district, dying for an introduction to the youthful German from Adelaide, who is understood to be on the way hither to interview his supposed correspondents. FIBE AT UBANA.—A telegram from Urana on Tuesday states: —" Two tremendous bush fires brok» out on Friday near Boree Creek and the Galore, sweeping all before them from the back of.Greensgonyah along to Bullenbong. . These fir^a subsequently came together, and (they are still burning f uriously in (the. direction of Boree Creek. It is estimated that no less then 100,000 acres of grass and a large quantity of fencing has been destroyed. Several selectors have lost stock. The fire did serious damage to the telegraph lines near Ferrier'a, 16 pples being burnt. Toe follow-, ing are the chief sufferers :—W#kky 7 (lf)00 acres), Moffatt, Mackay, Murrester, Drummond, Carroll, '.Bramhall, Johnson, M'Leish and Keiran. Moffatt lost 1 400 sheep, and Keiran altoost all his sheep. An immense quautity of grass was destroyed on the Boree Creek and at Brookong, where the grass in some places was several feet in height." A MISSING MAN;FOUND.—It will be.ijemembercd that some few months ago Phillip Gabpr, a farmer residing at Mungabareena, was missing from his home, and that fears were entertained of his having met with foiil play, or of having accidentally come to an untimely. end.- These apprehensions'were to some extent dispelled by subsequent rumors, to thg effect that the missing man had been seen iu different parts of the district, .,but nothing definite .could, be ascertained, and .bis relatives were naturally in a vety anxious state. ON Monday last,'however, Giber was met travelling on the road near Morven by Messrs.-G. M'Lennan and Frauenfelder, who took measures to have him restored to his friends. He was in a low, weak state of bodily health, and has evidently been suffer: ing from mental derangement, or he could scarcely have absented himself from home in so eccentric a manner and for so long a period. THE. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS —The annual municipal elections took, place on Tuesday last, when the Mayor attended at the Courthouse for the purpose of declaring the nominations received for the three vacant teats in the Municipal Council. As stated in our last issue, of the five candidates originally nominated two had withdrawn. In the ordinary course the remaining thrse would have been declared duly elected, and as a fact Messrs. G. A. Thompson and M. T. Kelly Were so declared. Mr. -Chenery's nomination, however, was on the face of it informal, and on the matter being formally referred to ihd Council's solicitor be declared it absolutely void, and it was therefore laid aside, and the nomination of the third alderman rests with the Governor. Messrs. A. A. Jones aail George Rhynehart were declared duly elected as auditors. Mr. G. A. Thompson gave a short addreBS to 'the ratepayers, Mr. Kelly returned thanks for his election, and the proceedings closed. A SNAKE ON THE CEILING.—If Tallangatta snakes cannot be classed as tree climbers, they at least possess the power of raising themselves from the prone position which seems to be their natural attitude (observes the local paper), Mr. Harper, storekeeper, of Newtown, discovered a dead snake over the ceiling of one of his roomB last week. The family for Bome days previously had observed an unpleasant aroma about the house, which was thought to be caused by dead mice. A close inspection, of the rooms was made, and in the calico ceiling of the kitchen a circular depression was noticed, the outline of the object being marked by a number ot fliee. On ths canvas being ripped, the cause of the unpleasantness referred to was ydiscovered in the carcase, of a ti^er snafceaboutijft. in length.'' The reptile, which had aparently been dead for several days, must ihayej .attained lU elevated by getting under the floor aud c.imbin^ to tbe ceiling' between the wainscoting, probably on a mousing expedition, and, being unablle to flod its way out ag<U", had perished wun hunger, and thus became a nuisance even when dead. PAINFUL ACCIDENT WITH A THBKBHING MACHINE.—A narrow escape from a horrible death happened to Mr. Mark Thompson, son of Mr. W. Thompson, of Kuiki, on Saturday morning last (says the Wagga Wagga Advertiser). Mr, Thompson, junr., was busily engaged in attending to the threshing macbineat his father's residence, aud owing to some Blight difference with some of the men who knocked off "work he was compelled to do more than an ordinary man's share of work. When the accident happened he was engaged feeding the machine, aud while in the act his foot slipped into the thresher. With great presence of mind he threw himself backwards and dragged his foot out, but not before it was torn iu a frightfully mutilated state, tiro or three toes being all but torn away. Suffering acutely from the wound, he was conveyed into Jerilderie, a distance of nearly 40 miles, and Dr. Robinson was sent for. From the consultation held it was decided" to amputate about half tb^ foot, which was done the same evening.' The following two or three days the patient was was very feverish, but he is now doing as well as can be expected. ALLEGED ILLEGAL DETENTION.—The case of Tame v. Selle, a summons for illegal detention ot a set of harness, was called on before the Jooal court of petty session8 on the 7th insr> Mr> Emerson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Wilkinson for the defence. Defen dant did not deny the possession of the harness, but contended that he had a lieu upon it iu respect of certain money owing by plaintiff to defendant. William Tame deposed that he had bought a buggy and set of harness from defendant, but did not owe defendant any- thing. It was explained that the buggy and harness had been sold on time- payment. BefoTe the payments were completed there had been a seizure of plaintiff's property, and defendant, at plaintiff's request and under legal advice, sent a man out to remove the buggy and harness. The' payments in respect of the bug^y and barnesB were subsequently complete^, and the buggy returned to plaintiff. Defendant subsequently charged plaintiff tvith the sum of £1.103., being 10a. the cost of sending a man to Howlong for the buggy, and £1 legal expenses incurred; an4 defendant refused- to deliver up the harness ubtil the £l 10s, was made.. An order was made for tke delivery of the harness to the plaintiff. CASE UNDEB THE. MUNICIPALITIES ACT.— A caBe of Bome interest to municipal councils was tried a lew days since flear. Sydney. The local municipal council proceeded against the owner of a house to recover' rates. For the defence at was totttended that one 'room of the house being used by . the Government for a post office, the building was exempt from taxation. The^oligUofJ^th?&ounpil; quoted 1 a case heard before the Privy Council, wherein it had beeu ruled that land was only •ekempt under a similar clause of the Victorian Local Government Bill, " which was solely used for public:purposes without any b&heficial; occur pation by individuals," and contended :that the fact of the premises, being occupied by a family who had no connection with the post-, office wa/B 6uch ,a beneficial occupation. T£e magistrate refused, however, to hear further evidence, and gave a- verdict against the borough. This -case well illustraes the injustice to municipalities of the present Act, as the house which it was sought to rate is one of a terrace, the rents from which are j£60 a year each ; but the Government pay j£l00 fqr the one they occupy, and the landlord, because he has secured this extra rent and extra good tenaut, altogether escapeSs taxation. Mr. W. L. Divishas a short Amending Act before Parliament ! which proposes tb remedy the anomaly,_and it is to be hoped it will become law without, much further delay. MINING NEAB WAGGA.—The dowabbee cor r respondent ot the Wagga 'Wagga Express writes:—" An old and true saying '«Either a least or a famine.' Glad I am to say we have the former this year, as far as grass is concerned. This country has never had such a quantity of grass for a number of years, and as a result, bush-fires have been racing in all directions, doing great havoc among the fences. The harvesting is nearly all over now. The crops did not realise anything like expectation, excessive wet in the winter being the probable cause. The Gowabbee reels are now-looking up. Nine tons o« quartz from what is termed the Seven Miles realised 25oz. £ great number of claims have been pegged out. The reef is as yet very, narrow, but the stone is easily got out. The prooprcting party deserves great credit for searching and persevering so long, and it is to be hoped that they will now be rewarded with abundance of the gpldea-metal." • M- P T P'Brien, who recently visited Yarrara, has been successful m forming a company in Sydney for the working of the four Mile R^efs at depths which, judging from past records, will doubtless prove successful. • Mr. O'Brien is the mining manager and was promoter ot the BaaalUc Company et Bald Hill, Toama, which has proved to be a great success. LABGE HOBSE SALE.—The most important horse sale ever held in Albury was brought to a close by Messrs. C. L. Griffith aud Co. on Saturday evening. The sale began on Thursday, and extended over three days, during which time over 600 horses passed under the hammer. The wene at the yards during the sale was a buey ope, the pnploppra within fchich the sale took place being so packed with people that there was barely room for the display iif each animal as it came for ward, and the buyers: in the front rank fiequeuily ran considerable risk of injury. Fortunately, however, no mishap occurred, thbtigh the horses were brought in, sold, and 'dismissed to the .pens of the different purchasers; with a rapidity that was ' almost " bewildering. With such an- immense number oF-lots'to get through, the auctioneer jhad .no jtime to "dwell" upon any, and buyers, recognising thenecesaity for'promptitude,were quick in their bidding, and a horse was barely in the ring before he was out of it. The lots submitted were mostly well-bred horses fit for Indian requirements, and all of these found ready sale at full values. Price, indeed, appeared to be uo object where the horse fairly caine up to the buyer's standard of what was needed. Some nice buggy pairs were submitted, one lot realising .£68, whilst single animals brought up to j£50. There waB excellent competition Tor all classes of stock, and the prices obtained should be highly satisfactory to owners. A Row IN THE CHINESE CAMP.—At the police court on Monday a Chinaman named Mon Loy was charged with maliciously inflicting grievous bodily harm on a fellow-countryman named Ah Wah.' Sergeant Brown gave evidence to the effect that the prosecutor had been assaulted by the defendant, and was coveiel with blood streaming from a gish on his face; witness then arrested the prisoner, who was pointed out at the camp bv prosecutor as the man who had assaulted him. Ah Wab, a miner living at Black Range, deposed that he went to the Chinese Camp on Saturday ; he saw Mon Loy at the Chinese store, and asked him tor some inoney which Mon Loy owed him; prisoner denied owing Ah Wah anything; on the demand being repeated Mon Loy picked up a piece of wood and struck witness with it; the wood was broken with the blow ; Iwitness did not strike Mon Loy previously ; the bkrtr witness received was on,the forehead, causing a wound which bled profusely, and Was still painful. This was 'the case for the prosecution. For the defence, prisoner made a statement to the following effect:—Witness went to the Store and prpsecutojr came in; prosecutor asked witness for some poney, sayug ha owed it for nearly 30 years ; witness,denied owing any money, and prosecutor, then advanced towards witness to .bit him ^ witness held up the piece of <wood in self-defence, and Ah Wah was struck; Ah Wah was striking at witness with' his fist. This contended the evidence. The Bench 1 held that a "case of common assault '.had been made out, and imposed a fine of 40s. or three wefeks"* imprisonment, the fine to cover interpreter's fee and all costs. , MESSRS. CHANTER AND BARBOUB AT DK- NILIQUIN.—Messrs. Chanter and Barbour, the members for the Murray, addressed' e meeting at the Daniliquin ToWh Hall iafat week; the Mayor,- Mr. Chandler, being iqi the''chair. About 200 electors' tfete pfe&rit;, It was fcgreed ; that Mti> Chanter Ww t o w i t h generic politics 'and Mry'^ijil^iir.-.'ijil^-,the ' ILand Bill. Mr. Chapter gave an juscpun^r:of the political events for the past year, and mentioned that Sir Henry Parkeahaj not fulfilled his promises. T3e haS appropriated revenue from the ad valorem duties for nine months,, after, promising:4o abblish lhem 3 £t once, and had taken £8OQ,OO0 of the squatters' rents .and applied it to general revenue purposes, instead -Jot to the - '}iqu4aatio& of i!be deficit,: which latter i<he had opntf -off <by Treasury bills. ,He charged the Ministry with squandering £400,000 in an unauthorised m*nticr, and reiterated his complainfabrohl the Treasurei'd miscalculation of the Jreif0ou6, and said he was one'million out in .his estimate in March last. He ridiculed th'e centennial celebrations, and said: they would v«ost ':j£i00,000 mote than, was authorised by^arliamant. , ,He also said that the fe"ate banquet had no Australian character about it, and tbat all lhe provisions and : wines were-imported Jor the occisioa, while Australian productions, were ignored, Mr. Barbour confined himself wholly to the land question t his principal opposition 1 being to the compensation for improvements. The greater portion of his address was a repetition 1 of his previous "speeches. Mr. Barbour gave up speaking inihalf. the-time al-; lowed. Votes of thanks to tbe members md the chairman closed the proceedings. MEDicALCLAiBVoiAKCE.-Mr.'Okto HUtj has returned to Albury, and may beiCoofiulted up to 27th inst. at the Club Hotel. TENDEBS FOB FOBAGE,—Tenders will be received up to I6tli February for the «u'pply *Jf forage at the various police £tatjpns rin this district. ' *'' WHEAT BUYERS.—Messrs Brnnton' and Go. announce. elsewhere that they are prepared to make advances on grain, and supply t>ags,' &c.; MrJT. Wbitaker is ageht at Albury, Mr. Chenhall at Corowa, Mr. Middletou at Goombargan*. Delivery taken at Mbury, Watgunyab, Gerogery, Culcalrfa, Yerong.Greek, or Doodal Oooma. - SALE OF BOOTS AND SHOKB.—The last two. weeks of K. M'LENNAN and. Co.'s clearing SALE* They intend making substantial reductions 'in prices of their boots, and shoes, of which they keep a very largMtock of the principal English, Continental, aridBolAl manufacturers' goods, consisting of Bd^gBpfedch Kid Shoes and Boots ; BatemaAjgB^ulit^lpourt and Dr>-sS Shoes ; Vernon'fiffiildreWRgh leg Glaze Kid Boote; PollakVW Wolfe's higb-cUss Han- ilsewn Goods in Gents' Elastic sides and Balmorals; Gillespie's famous goodB id men's,' women's, and-children's. The best value In the i trade. Call and see for yourself.—£ADVT ] 