TELEGRAMS. ?;., Intercolonial. Sydney, November 26. The weather on Saturday was the hottest ever experienced in Sydney this season, and the city was obscured by a haze whioh wus probably caused by bushfiros. Tho thermometer regis tered 92 degrees in tho shade. The hazy weather caused considerable delay to the ship ping, both inward and outward bound. Tho A.U.S.N. Company s steamer Illawarra went ushoro at Shoalhaven Heads. She, however, floated yesterday, apparently uninjured, and proceeded to Shoalhaven. . ; \ Reports of tho effects of tho severe drought have been received from various parts of tho colony this morning, and bush fires are very numerous. , ' A largely attended marine excursion and pionio by *he medical men of Sydney and suburbs and specially invited guests, took place on Saturday in .celebration' of the centennial year of tho colony. At the Broken Hill Police Court on Saturday, Willium B. J; Hammond, late editor, of the defunct Broken Hill Argus, was charged with having criminally libelled John J. Williams. There is a sufficient number of vessels in the port of Newcastle awaiting ooul to keep tho collieries in tho district going day ai.d night for tho next threo months. ? A gardener named John Eyan committed fuioido by shooting himself yesterday near tho Strathfield railway fetation. Eobert aud Henry Wilcox, two brothers, \ were drowned while bathing ut Oberon on Saturday. While at Young on Friday Mr. Eddy, tho chainnan of the railway commission, promisod £500 in tho event of success in obtaining artesian water, and consented to take the water on a contract for fivo yer.rs ut Is. 3d. per 1,000 gallons. All tho Newcastle collieries will bo at work this morning. It is oxpented that the disputes at Wallsend and other mines will ho settled by tho local management. | Through the capsizing of a boat in the Goul- ' burn River at Seymour, on Saturday afternoon, Alfred Green and another man, whoso name is not given, and two women named Alice Whito and Mrs. Scott, were drowned. [The following appeoredin our Second Edition yesterday.] 