DUBBO. (Dispatch.) The Weather since our last has been fine. The country around looks splendid. The late rains freshened up the food, and put out some bush-fires which threatened to do much damage. The rain was generally through the north-west. Down the Castlereagh it was very heavy in some places. The fall was abnormally large at Gulargambone Stock of all descriptions are in good order. SUDDEN DEATH.— On Monday last, William George aged 37 years, employed as a fettler on the railway line near Trangie, went to work as usual. He was in particularly good spirits, and after he had been working for some time, he took up his shovel, and was in the act of shovelling some ballast, when he was seen to lean on the shovel, and quietly fall down sideways. A fellow workman, who was about ten yards away, came up at once, and found him dead. An inquiry was held on Tuesday, Dr. Warren made a post mortem examination, which revealed a large hydatid tumour of the heart. A finding in accord- ance was recorded. Deceased leaves a wife and six children, almost unprovided for. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.— On Tuesday last, informa- tion was brought to Trangie that a kangaroo shooter named Fredrick Weaver had attempted to commit suicide by poisoning himself. The man lived about 6 miles from Trangie. He had his tongue removed for cancer, and subsequently another operation for the removal of cancerous glands was performed. He was, at the time of the attempted suffering from a return of the disease. As soon as the news reached Trangie, the police and Doctor Warren (who had just finished the post mortem on the fettler William George) at once proceeded to the man's residence. They found he had left, but in the hut was a box of 'Rough on Rats,' from which some had been taken. They also found two pieces of paper bag, on one of which was written, in blood, — ' I have shot myself ; have not been free from pain for three years.' On the other (also in blood) was scribbled, ' Get 7s 6d from —— and give it to Mr. ——. My horse will pay for my burial.' A search was then made for the un- fortunate fellow, and after about 3 hours exploration, he was found, lying on the ground. His gun was be- side him, cocked, and a piece of string tied to the trigger, it being evidently his intention to shoot him- self if he found the poison would not act. He was brought by the train to Dubbo, and admitted to the Hospital. He is in a terribly emaciated condition and cannot possibly last any length of lime. The man is well known about Dubbo, as straightforward and hard working. Until he lost his tongue, he was em- ployed as a horse-driver, on one of the neighbouring stations. On Wednesday, he was brought up at the Police Court, before Mr. M Manning. J.P., and ordered to be sent to the Hospital. 