Camperdown Chronicle. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1888. CURRENT TOPICS. ' Thk adjourned monthly meeting of the Hampdenshire Council will be held to- day, at the usual place and hour. . " Sevehai. weeks have elapsed since the list fatal case of diphtheria was reported from the Port Campbell district, and it tv considered that the disease had been stamped oat. It will therefore be heard with regret that still another victim has been . claimed. On Friday last Dr. Pettigrew received a message to attend the daughter of Mr. E. Morris, a resident of Port Campbell, but the patient was dead before the doctor arrived at her father's house. Great sympathy is felt for the afflicted parents. The health officer took the strictest precautions in order to prevent the spread of the disease. The Fisk Jubilee Singers are announced to appear in Terang on Tuesday evening next, and in the Mechanics' Hall, Cam perdown, on Wednesday and. Thursday niehts, January 17 and 18. Ticket* for the Terang concert may be obtained from the secretary of the Mechanics' Institute, or at the door on the evening of the enter tainment. . For the concerts in Camper down Mr. E. G. Morrison, bookseller, Manifold street, has been appointed agent for the sale of tickets. A plan of the hall may be examined there, and reserved seats secured for both nights. The list of prices of admission is published in oar advertising columns. The company con sists of eleven colored persons, and their singing is characterised by extraordinary harmony and accuracy. The Fisk Jubilee Singers opened in Warrnambool on Mon day night, when the house was crowded to the doors. ■ ■ .. A'cricket match will be played next' Saturday at Camperdown between the Colac and Camperdown dabs, which will then meet for the first time this Beason. The team to represent Camperdown will be selected from the following:—J; Cardie, Mackinnon (2), M-Arthur (3), Tait. Thornton, Neylon, Dempster, Bar nard, Ford, Urquhart. Play, will be commenced about 12 o'clock noon. ' Messrs. J. Thornton and T. P. Errey, J's.P. adjudicated at the Camperdown police court on Saturday. Joseph Corlett was charged with being drunk and disorderly. The prisoner was further charged with using obscene language in a public place, assaulting the police, and damaging a constable's uniform. Constable Bourke gave evidence to the effect that Corlett had been knocking about Manifold street drunk on Friday afternoon, and he en deavored to get him to go home. Mrs. Corlett also tried to induce her husband to leave the town; but the prisoner turned round and abused her, and made use of the most disgracefnl language. The witness, then interfered, and suc ceeded in arresting the prisoner after a severe struggle. During the struggle the prisoner tore his uniform. In reply to a question from the Bench, Corlett said he did not remember doing anything wrong on the day in question. The Bench fined the prisoner in the following amounts: Being drunk and disorderly, 5s, in default 24 hours imprisonment, and 2s cab hire ; using obscene language, 20s or fourteen days; assaulting the police, 20s or four teen days; damaging the constable's uniform, 5s, and 10s damages, in default one week's imprisonment. The Bench expressed an opinion that a prohibitory order should be obtained in order to pre vent the local publicans from supplying Corlett with liquor, as he was well known to be a dangerous man when under the influence of drink. The weather has been decidedly tropical since Saturday. On Monday night a change seemed close at hand, and a cool southerly breeze prevailed. The atmos phere yesterday was most oppressive, and towards night appearances seemed to indi cate the approach of a thunderstorm. The storm, however, passed off in a northerly direction. Hakvestiso is still proceeding in the neighborhood of Camperdown. Many of the crops which have not yet been touched •ill be cut this week, and threshing pro ceeded with. The yields on the whole will be very fair. The grubs continue to do > great amount of damage, especially in the neighborhood of Mortlake. They are reported to be attacking the grain whan it is in the stack, after stripping. Das Barry's Dramatic Company ap peared for the second time in the Mechanics' Hall, Camperdown, on Satur day night, and performed to an excellent house. The piece produced was "Cast Adrift/ a drama that proved to be full of sensational incidents. The acton ac quitted themselves most creditably, and succeeded in giving the utmost satis faction to the audience. The company played " Soared" at Terang on Monday night to a well-filled house. Mr. Henry Britton, a well-known metropolitan journalist, met with a some what severe accident on Friday afternoon. Whilst hunting kangaroos in the neigh borhood of Cobden, the leg of the horse he was riding got entangled in Home way in a patch of uneven corduroy. The hone.. became unmanageable and Sir. Britton endeavored to dismount for the purpose of releasing it. The animal com menced to plunge and ils rider wag thrown, heavily to the ground. The gentlemen who accompanied him hastened to his re lief, and upon being raised to his feet it was ascertained that Mr. Britton had re ceived serious injuries. The injured man was brought into Camperdown and placed under the care of Dr. Pettigrew. Upon examination it was ascertained that he had sustained a fracture of the left collar bone and other injuries of a less serious nature. ' Hr. Britton was conveyed to his residence at St. Hilda by the morning train on Saturday, where he is now pro mating satisfactorily towards recovery. He will probably be confined to his house for several weeks in consequence of the accident Thb friends of Mr. Jas. Daskein, for aarly engineer to the Shire of Hampden, wiH he pleased to learn that he hat been appointed engineer to the Yeashire council, which has only been recently formed. Then were 12 applicants for the position. ' Out. report of the monthly meeting; of the MorUakeahire Council did not reach m yesterday in time for publication in to day's iieoe. Mb. CadwaUader, the railway station ■alter at Terang, is at present on his holidays. His place has Men temporar awfUaltf Mr. Jooee, of th* nlMa] .i^u-i-i ;-jT _o.u TuEnumber of banking institutions at Terang is to be increased. - We note that a branch of the National Bank of Aus tralasia) is about to be established in that township. Suitable offices have already been secured in a central part of the main street, and banking operations will be almost immediately commenced. A cdxc match will take place at the Camperdown butts to-morrow between representatives of the Colac and Lismore clubs. The following will constitute- the Colac team :—Messrs. Cuuhton, Carliug ton, Richmond, F. Parkes, A. J. Sitling toD, D. Fulton, and J. lUed. Emer gency—F. Sitlington. . . -- . The cricket match, Bohemians r. Colac, played at Colac on Saturday, resulted in a victory for the home team by one ran. The scores were—Colac, Ist inningsi 97, 2nd innings 67. Bohemians, Ist innings 76, 2nd innings 87. ' " I>* our report of the cricket match, Camperdown v. Terang, it was stated that Mr. W. H. IToule for the visitors "played excellent cricket but gave one or two somewhat easy chances at an early stage' of the game." In justice to Mr. Moule, it should be stated that his total of 89 was put together without giving a single chance to the field. : . It has been arranged by the Railway departments of Victoria and New South Wales' to issue excursion tickets from Melbourne to Sydney in connection with the centennial celebrations, which com mence on the 23rd inst. The tickets will be available for two months, and can be purchased on and after January 18 at thefollowingrates:—Firstdass return, £4; second dais return, £2. ' Ma. H. Meagher, head teacher of, Xaroghid State School, has received three week's leave of absence on account of ill health. . Mr. Grainger, of the relieving staff, has been appointed temporarily to fill his place. School duties will bo resumed on Monday, 16th met. i .-.-.. Mr. Alfred Fussell, 8.A., Melb.| first clasa hononnan, Education Department, notifies in oar advertising columns that he prepares candidates by correspondence for the Public Service, Matriculation, and Teachers'examinations. His terms can be ascertained upon application to 'this office; .-'."■ ' ' . i The seventh session of the Camperdown Catholic Young J Men's Society will be opened this evening at the usual place and hour. The principal business for the evening is the preparation of a' syllabus] and addresses by the president and ; vice presidents. . ' ' ' , • ; The friends of young Boss, thei jockey who was injured.in the Steeplechase at the Terang races, will be pleased to learn* that he is progressing favorably. He Had his collarbone broken. '< A secies of polo matches are' to be played at Ballarat in connection with the polo races to be held there on iFriday. On Saturday Ballarat will meet Camper down, and during the' following week Ballarat will play Mortlake and Ararat' clubs .. . "; ; . .'..",: : ■•■" •■■ Disastrous bushfires ■• have made' a dean sweep in the' Mount Gambier dis trict." ' 10,000 sheep are reported to have been burnt, and great damage haj been done to property. Fortunately, hoi lives were lost. • ''; '".. 7';..,..., } The death is announced in Melbourne of Mr. H. Bon; the Grand Secretary of A.L0.0.F. Mr. Koss was only appointed last year, his predecessor in office having died somewhat suddenly. ... .> ■ The Ballarat Polo Club races will be held on Friday next on the Miner's race course, Ballarat '■'. '; —-' '\ ■ '." ' The Absconding Debtors' Act came into operation yesterday. The Act gi»es effect to an agreement arrived at with South Australia by. which warrants taken out in either colony for the arrest of absconding debtors will be operative in the adjoininz colony.;: :.-.,- . ::..: » . _v. i The tender of S. S. Leonard for £126 10a «d baa been accepted by the Railways Commissioners for the erection of shelter ahed at Pettavel-road station. ■ -; ' Ir is to be hoped that our shire council lors will keep in rieir the need of doing something towards replenishing the water of the lake (writer our Terang correspond ent) The question was earnestly taken up some time ago, but somehow it has been allowed to drop. If something-is not done speedily it will become a marsh, for the weeds growing in its bed are almost on a level with the water.' A. pleasant change has taken place in the weather. It is another thing whether it is favorable for farming operations. A coKBKSPosDrsi writes:— A most ent joyable evening was spentat Strathvean on Wednesday evening last, when the girls, with the kind permission and assistance of Mrs. Drysdale, gave a ball. About 30 couples assembled in the woolshed which was very prettily decorated by Mrs. Drysdale. An excellent supper was pro vided and dancing was kept up till an early hour to the spirited music supplied by Messrs. M'Callum and Toleman. Mr. K. M'Kenzie made an excellent M.C.' The following cablegram, which appear ed in Saturday's Age, is of great import ance to fruit growers: — "Arrangements ha»e been made under which Mr-Lang, nurseryman and fruitgrower of Harcourt, near Castlemaine, Victoria, will, ia Feb.' ruary next, commence to forward to i the army and navy stores in England con signments of apples and pears for the use of the service." . PARTicciißS of the estates of deceased persons which the carator. has been ap pointed to administer during the month of December are published in Friday"s Government Goxtte, The estate of Robert Hamilton, who died suddenly in Manifold street, is valued at £45 4s 7d-; and' bf Ho Pow, the Chinaman, who died in a railway carriage between Cimperdown and Gee loog, at £10119s. Mrs. Robert Uncles, of Oakvale.jPort Fairy, died on Monday morning aged 72 years. She had been resident in the district for 47 yean. ' ; Mb. F. J. Clarke holds.hia periodical ale at Cobden at 2 p.m to-day. ' Miss T.Cohen will resanie the teaching of the pianoforte on Monday next. I ' M«- J. Thornton will hold hi. nsoal nle o£ live stock at bil yards on Saturday next. Mr. L. Bayer, mono teacher, lua resumed duties, and Mrs Bayer will commence to morrow. • , - ....... Me. John Hylaod will hold his monthly sale of live stock, *c, at his Mortlake yards to-morrow. ; ":?, Me. J. Nelson will sell faney.jrood« rta tionery, te., at his rooms, Camperdown, next Saturday. ' , Mesbs/ Buckley and Sons require pick and •Wei atsa for their contract Waadong and Kilmore railway. -. TT W' Th. sale of Mr. S. Silby's property! ,t Maclunnon's bridge, is fixed to Uke place oo Saturday, 28th inst v ' Mr. J. Thornton notifies a clearing sale at Bostock's Creek on 25th inst, under instruct- ions from Mr. Jonas Jeffers. MBSBS..Pick«n and Speed bare ioitrne ttoo»to let by tender, for grwmg only • allot ment A, parish of Ellerslie, conUining 496 Missks. Archibald and Batemu, wUl'seU Bat uditm cattle, working bullock^ rteep, it, at the corporaUoo sale yards, Warr fcl» a-. JL4—^. V.- 