Telegrams. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) ALBURY, Dec. -6. It has been ascertained that the dead body of a man dis covered last week, near Wodonga, is that of John Roy, who haRr$j$(Cions raiding ia ihs Cprow* district. .Papers discovered in'his clothing show that ne 'was travelling to Tallangatta. It iBjjenerally believed that the infant found dead last week in a creek near Murras was the victim of foul play. The weather continues hot, and bush fires are increasing: on both sides of the river. Large fires are burning on the Victorian Upper Murray, in tht nti'hhourhood of Lenva Common, and spread to tho summit of One Treo Hill. The grass was totally destroyed on a number of blocks of bind recently sold by the Crown on the Common. A consider able length of fencing was also destroyed. BElcRIMA, Dec. 6. An influential meeting was held this afternoon— Jlr. F. R. Wilshire, P.M., in the chair. It was arranged to pre sent Captain Galbraith with a gold watch iu recognition of his services as land agent here. BATHCRST, Saturday. The land board concluded a two days' sitting at Bathurst to-day, before Mr. Finch (chairman) and Mr. W. H. Paul (member). The bulk of the business consisted of inquiries into matters affecting conditional purchases and leases, and surveys were directed in about 20 cases. CONDOBOLIN, Dec. 6. A large meeting was held last night at the Royal Hotel to consider the questions of water conservation and irriga tion. Resolutions were carried to the effect that every effort should be made to secure a fair grant from the sum. proposed to be expended in water conservation and irriga tion. An influential committee was formed. At present teams for Mount Hope are stopped at Euabalong, as the private tanks on the road are closed, and teams are now 40 miles without water. COONAMBLE. Dec. 6. At a meeting of the Coonamble Pastures and Stock Pro tection Board, held on the 5th instant, great indignation was expressed that the Pastures Bill had been in the hands of the Minister for Mines for the last 18 months without being brought before the House, although he had repeatedly promised to bring it forward. The Warrana woolshed, belonging to Keogh Bros., about two miles from Coonamble, was burnt down last night. It was covered by insurance. It was one of tht finest sheds in the district, being 250ft. long, and providing accommodation for 42 shearers. ? A large bush-fire has been burning close to the town al£ day, just on the edge of the Coonamble Common. Aboul 30 or 40 men were engaged all day in endeavouring to pul it out, and are still trying to do so. ' Some very severe comments were made at the meeting of the Borough Coancil on Tuesday evening at the manner in which the Castlereagh district is being neglected by thfl Roads Department. ? ? ? ? . , ? ? COROWA. Dec. 7 A meeting of the board of sheep directors was heljj to-day for the consideration of a variety of matter* affecting the interests of stock-owners. For the position of stock inspector, rendered vacant by the death of Mr. R. Lowes, some weeks since, the board decided to recommend to the Government the appointment of Mr. J. T. Lee, late rabbit inspector here. Monday. Mr. Roberts, traffic superintendent of the Southern line, arrived here to-day. He has been engaged during the past week in traversing the route of the proposed railway lino from Culcairn to Cprowa, collecting information regarding the district, statistics as to the nature of the soil and settle ment, produce grown, and other particulars, which will be valuable in justifying the claim of the farmers and settlers to connection by rail with the Great Southern line. The resi dents are very pleased that some response to their persistent appeals for the construction of this branch of railway has been made by the Government. The report that the 'Rail- way Commissioners contemplated paying Corowa a visit has created much satisfaction. CARCOAR, Monday. ' Shearing at most of the large sheds is completed. Tin clip is cousidered generally in most parts of tho district to be more favourable iu comparison with former seasons. At Clifden the runowncrs reckon it is the best average received for the past 54 years. Shearing has lately been worked under non-union rules to the satisfaction of the owners. COBaR, Monday. A tender has been accepted by the Chesney Cobar Gold' mining Company for the excavation of a 'forty thousand yard tank upon their property. The absence of rain ia interfering considerably with mining operations throughout the district. Fortunately at the Great Cobar Coppermin ing Company there is an abundance of water for all pur poses lor a long time yet. in the Government town tank the water is beginning to deteriorate in quality. This, too, is the main 60urce of consumption for the townspeople. DUBBO, Saturday. The difficulty in connection with the land board has ended. Mr. Bell has resumed his duties ns a member ol the board, his claims having been, satisfactorily arranged with the department. The co.urt, consisting of the chuir man and Mr. Bell, sat at Tennndra on the 6th instant, disposing of 52 cases, having 30 remanets from the last lapsed court. The full board sat at Warren on the otb. instant, and dealt with 30 cases. The board has returned to Duhbo. * 1400 acres were selected at tho local land office on Thursday. Monday. Three thousand bales of wool were despatched from here by rail during November. GUHDAGAI, Dec. 7. At Gaborrolong yesterday, a little boy aged three years, son of Thomas Galogley, met with a 'terrible death. It appears that tho little i'ellow was walking backwards and thut he died shortly after the occurrence. Much satisfaction is expressed hero at the intolligenca from Mr. Want, member for the district, that the Minister is still decided not to remove the Gundagai gaol. To-morrow morning special cattle trucks will reach Gundogai, being the first under the new arrangements made by tbe Commissioners for tho removal of stock from the drought-stricken districts to the mountains. At the LandB Office yesterday two selections, aggregating 377i acres were taken up. The weather during the past few days has been fright fully hot, tho glass ranging up to 100* in the shade. G1LGANDRA, Dec. 7. Forty hands were engaged all night in puttinir out a bush fire. The cultivations of four selectors have been burned completely out, barely saving their houses. There has only been 94 points of rain hero since 7th February, and there is no appearance of auy now. JUNEE, Dec. C. A fettler named Frederick Edwards, was killed throo miles from Junee, this morning, on the railway, by nn engine returning from Haretiold running into some trucks on which the deceased was seated. At the inquest the jury for some considerable lime were unable to agree, but eventually they returned a verdict to the effect that death was accidental, and that blame whb attributable to some cms but the jury were unable from the evidence to say whom. KIAMA, Dec. 6. Tho steamer Ajax left Robertson Basiu at G a.m. for Shoalhaven, with the dredge Plufo iu tow. At a meeting of the Kiaina municipal council to-day, the question, of the extension of the provisions of tho Dairies' Supervision Act to tho South Coast district was discussed at some length. It was decided to hold a con ference of members of the South Coast municipal councils within the limits of tho county of Caniden at the council chambers, Riama, on the 21st instant,' to consider what action should be taken. The general opinion seems to be that tho application of this Act to dairymen who manufac ture butter, but sell no miik, is unnecessary, and that it will be irksome and irritating to that large class ia this district. Kiama was swept this afternoon by a southerly gale, which for a short time was of unusual violence, but it had the effect of considerably reducing the temperature, which was very high during the early part of the day. KEMPSEY, Dec. 7 A road contractor named Charles Satchwell died at the West Kempsey Hotel yesterday from a blow received during a trifling altercation. An inquest was held to-day, and a verdict of manslaughter was returned against a man named Mulligan, who struck Satchwell. As indicative of tho advance which Kenipsey is making, a private sale of a quarter of an acre at tho corner of Forth and Smith streets has taken place for £1500 cash. The opposite corner, an eighth of an acre, was also sold privately to-day for £500. MENINDIE, Monday. Mr. Wooley, engineer, is still engaged in surveying tho route of the proposed tram-line from Broken Hill to Mcnindie. The water in Meniudie Lake has fallen Oft. since the dam was completed, and is falling at the rate of a quarter of an inch daily. MUfi- RURTJNDI, Dec. 6. A public meeting was held at. the School .of Arts last night ; Dr. Bell in the chair. Resolutions protesting against the removal of the Police Magistrate, for good and sufficient reasons, were carried unanimously. The Murru rundi district comprises Quirindi, Blackvale, Wallabadah, and Murrurundi, and it was contended that a large amount of Court business was transacted. Much annoyance and inconvenience, was caused through the difficulty of getting a second magistrate to preside at the Court previous to the appointment of a police magistrate. NEWCASTLE, Dec. 6. ' The heat was excessive to-day, the thermometer regis tering 90 in the shade at 1 o'clock. At a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce yesterday Mr. Alex. Brown J.P. in chair, a letter was read from tho Secretary for Railways stating that on Monday next the Railway Commissioners will most probably visit Newcastle. Several matters wers discussed, to which it was proposed to draw the attention of the Commissioners, the principal being the differential railway rates both for goods and pas-;' senders, a protest against the removal of the railway work-; shops to Sydney, greater wharfage accommodation, and: the cnlargmcnt of the Newcastle station. The Newcastle police magistrate has received official intimation that the Attorney-General declines to proceed further against the liirce Glebe rioters. Dec. 7. For the week ending December 1st the A. A. Company exported 6078 tons of coal, the Co-operative 6625 tons, and Burwood 4490 tons. The members of the Baptist Church, Newcastle, of which the Rev. Seth Jones is pastor, have resolved to build a new and commodious church at the corner of Latnan and Dawson streots, Newcastle; £607 waB raised and promised at the meeting on Wednesday last. The new church will accommodate 600, and will cost £4000. The number of bales of wool received here daring the past month was 15,167, and in Morpeth. 81 ?4 bales. The gross quantity received here from June to November 30 is 64,759 bales, and at Morpeth 29,737 boles, making a total of 84,616 bales, being an increase on the same period of last year of 9476. The shipping of wool is going on rapidly. ? Saturday. William Roberts, an Indian by an English father and a Burmese mother, was brought up this morning, charged with being of unsound mind. The accused is well known in Sydney and Newcastle as eccentric, but yet of soldier-like bearing. He had been in the Afghan and Zulu wars, and is full of wounds. Of late he was principally supported by soldiers in the forts here and in Sydney. Hitherto he has been harmless, but it is considered better to have him taken caro of. Monday. Mr. B. W. Kane, manager of the New Zealand Bank, and hon. secretary to the Newcastle Club, was pre sented with a handsome gold watch and chain on his de parture to Adelaide to undertake the management of the branch there. About 40 members of the club were preBent. The chair was occupied by Mr. Alex. Brown, presi dent of tho club. Dr. C. W. Morgan, the vicepresi dent, also made a capital speech, followed by one from Mr. H. Stokes, J.P. Mr. Kane, who was much affected, re turned thanks very feelingly in response to the toast of his health and for the memento of esteem presented to him. The proceedings were very enthusiastic, and closed with three cheers for the Queen. NARRABRI, Monday. Peter Brook, who was charged with drunkenness to-day at tho police court, was found, while in the lockup, to have had his arm broken. Gaoler Brown pent for Dr. Lepervanche. Brook states that the constable wrenched his arm while conveying him to the lockup. Mr. Kenyon, police magistrate, stated that an inquiry should be hold in con sideration of the man's Bufferings. The magistrate paid the lino. PARKES, Dec. 6. The Lands Office business to-day was again verj' large, comprising seven conditional purchases, having an area of 2490 acres, six conditional leases with aa area of 7347 acres, one annual lease comprising an aroa of 1790 acres. The total area taken up to-day -was 11,627 acres, and the revenue collected amounted to £317 13b- 9d. The local Land Board court commenced a sitting here yesterday. Thoy have a large list, and the sitting will occupy three days. w PATERSON, Ratukdat Mr. Alfred Miller, representative of tho Free Trade Association, addressed a fair audience in the School of Arts here last night. The lecturer was repeatedly interrupted by protectionists present, who would scarcely allow him to proceed with his subject. The chairman was unable to kecD order, and the meeting was abruptly closed. * RYLSTONE, Saturday. Tho Rev. David Tonga and his wife, Dative missionaries from South Sea Islands, addressed a large audience in the ?\Vesleyan Church hero last night. Several songs in the Tongan language were rendered during the evening. Mr. B. Short, evangelist from Sydney, is also announced to deliver a series of discourses on the Tabernacle, of which he has a largo model. These addresses will be delivered during the coming week. The weather still continues hot and dry, with strong winds. WEST MAIT1AND, Df.c, 6. A public meeting was held in the School ot Arte, Morpeth, last evening, for the purpose of advocating the abolition of tolls on ferries, and to discuss other matters of importance. Tho Mayor, Mr. P. K. Haydon, presided. Resolutions were unanimously carried to the effect that the Government was in duty bound to carry out the intention of Parliament in accordance with a resolution of the Assembly, carried in July last, in favour of the abolition of tolls on ferries, and that a petition be presented to the Assembly praying that tho resolution may be put in force at the end of the current year; that in view of the necessity of keeping open the navigation of the river, the municipal council be requested to co-operato with the steam companies in urging the Government to return the dredges to work in the river immediately. The meeting was addressed by Messrs. J . G. White, M. Murphy, Itobt. Sim, Henry O'Neill, J. F. Butler, J. W. Bowes (member for Morpeth), and ended with the usual vote of thanks to the chair. WILCaNNIA, Saturday. At Terryawinnia Station the hikes are still kept supplied bv a series of gates which hold in the flood water, and never has the benefit of them been more felt than during the pre sent season. Both the country and stock are reported to be looking well. A dust storm set in this afternoon, and has made the weather slightly cooler. The Customs collections at Wilcannia for the month of November amounted to £550. WALGETT, Monday. The body of a man, name unknown, was found to-day ?within a few miles of the town, on the Brewarrina-road, with his thrqat cut. He bod been drinking. An inquest was held, and a verdict of suicide whilst labouring under temporary insanity was returned. 