the drought) the irri- gationeme. There was some la few days ago fcbat there would treat up in the tembly dry weatbtch has now pre vailed for some m. There waB a slight sprinkle of accompanied by lightning and thnnrom all points of the compass, sbovthat there was a heavy downpour inw favored locali ties ; but when thee came in it was found that the area visited were few and far between, e few showers which fell at Beecth, Wangaratta and Rntberglen weufficient only to increase the thirst fcore. Bat snre'y the present droaghaich has become really alarming oveny large districts in the colony, besit being universal and still more sov in New South Wales, should aron&Ir; Dkakin and his Government toie necessity of pushing on the posed irrigation works. Across the der .the country has been devastated vi bush-firs, the flattie are literally djg by thoisands and the sheep by huncds of thouands, and the sa'me fate woJ await Vttoria should a succession if dry sasonB occur. In fact, anothe'suoh seasn as this, when ut least ..-,8 still fee the benefit of last year's heay rainfall, nuld haif ruin an immense aajority olthe farmers of this colony, and, of corse, have a disastrous effect on' all the (her industries and on trade genedly. Indeed, the situation brings home t ns with startling efiict the fact that !tlo or no'blng has been done underihe Irrigation Act. To ha sure, a ew Water Trusts have been formed iD the Goulburn, Oampnspe aDd Wimera valleys ; but these, taken toge'er, are but as a drop in the ocean. Noting whatever has been done in this direion in these districts, if we oxcept the Brcen Greek scheme, which was actually inltted before th-i present Act came into opa- tion. The grand design of tappingbbe Mitt Mitta River, the Kiewa, the (tens and the King, and irrigating the /eat and feitle valleys of these stream) is allowed to remain as dead as itwas before it was conceived. It will natmHy be said that the people interested are themselves to blame for not taking tep= in tbe way of establishing trusts ; ht it fflnii Le remembored that they have tally nothing logo upon. If the Government Startsi! to make one of the wiers conem- platea on any of these rivers, the forcers and vunerons wonld poon take 'such Steps as would enable them to grasj tbe ftdvautng-i offered them. People are jus) beginning lo understand the snor- m-m? fo-nefits to be derived fron an artiiii-.iri. supply of water, and thepieseot we».(.ucr is not likely to lessen that know- leas'. Ig is the luckiest thing in the Wori cult art of proper irrigation, agricul- tnria-H will next year have an object-lesson iheir eyes in the works and oper- Ati-ma re.'.ent'y commenced at Mildura by experts iu that art. The Chaffey Bros. flu-, make no mistake on this head, as they ;r N-w the lines of their own actual experiti.i whiln it is well known that an ignoru-it use of water hot only affects the linspiets of a season, but often permucoiitly injures the land. . When we arc :n£«>ruivd that provisions for drainage »re important as the distribntion of 'aie; itself, it will be" admitted that rL-at. n presents some very complex 'i-nip. These difficulties will, as wo c st.vod, be almost at once overcome 5 vi-it to the irrigation colony. But .e aaintime the Chief Secretary, ve>y properly, lias charge of the wMch is entirely bis own, even ,dH .not at once undertake th,« m t in! of the design, by Which the !,? 'h. Morrat is to bi ,,o Mitta Mitta and K'ewe >ight -at least. CommAne/ on the 0 7enff and'. Ejoj v; "es<\- of . whirh are . joB! U— — — — — ' — V " — — c, a few miles above the Borongh of Wan- ' garatta, the one being at Taira-vingee 1 and the other between tbe borough and Laceby. This would water tbe whole of the lo.ver part of the Ovens V.-illoy. including Bou.herR.mlo and Boorhaman ou ore side of tko river, ami KiH»w rra and P.:."che!b . on th-> other. Or, t'ur-re are tLueri ai leer quite indepenn ?ut sfctions of the echime, any oe '-f which might be fo.ckied at once. The first of these promises to divert watr fioa; t ie Ovutis ;ii the head of the Tea Garden Greek, and take it. through roe upper par' of OxieT — thus cammaaiting th whole of tb st rn guifiserit th-ncothr ugh Moyhn, where it would take a finth-ir bnpply from the KiDg. and on w- lvl to the u.-igbborhood of Glenro .van : The second section ?«, t I-o, to be he'-''« e hv a weir on the Ovens a! Bowin iii'-i F-. c.si, the main' chanae' rnnning through T:\rrawingeo and Oarrarag.irraurigei; and "ndi22 at a point on the mam North Eastern line, hslf-way bi-tweon the Beech, worth Junction nod Springhnv.4 : Tbe thir-1 section, which is n»ain distinct fr -m all the o'.bers, >s intended lo start nam a weir on the King imme diately below Hadi and at the junction with Ruuniu!; Or.-ok. This -votud take a course toward? the Fifteen Mile Cra-k. would command the ft-rtile area of Hansen and terminate a mile or fwo above Gr-ti. Each of Ihese sections is important, and the head works and snin channels wonld be comparatively cheap works. Any of tiu-m would, besida- donbling the value of t he land already under cultivation, convert large areas of pastoral into nrahle land. Unfortu1 nately, neither Baechworth nor Chillern ore or could b=» inclnded in the present scheme ; the former, owing to its eleva tion and the circumstance thnc-' it is cut off from the whole of the head-waters of the Murray by the Bsrwidgee gorge ; the latter as it is completely surrounded by ranges which preclnde the possibility of serving it with water from any of the Mnrrav tribu 'arias : These two towns, with thc-ir immediate surrounding", will therefore have to wait for r. supply. But, most decidedly, where it is all plain sai'infT, the head works should be proceeded with at once. The Vein Puovinoe Electicit. — The Chief Secretary, in reply to Mr Grav s, M.L.A. for Delatite, stated that inquiries would bo made as to the actions of the North-Eastern Province returninc-ofiicer, and tbe causes which induced tbe Elections and Qualifications Committee to declare the election invalid. As Mr Parfitt has, as he informs us, heard nothing- of the matter since, and as he has already taken stepa, under instructions, for the new- election, he intends askins Mr Deakin for some explanation of the statement that his conduct in connection witn'the late election is under investigation, and, if so, demanding an inquiry, where he can show the real facts of the case. The Melbourne Cup. — Tuesday Inst witnessed the race for the Melbourne Cup, which was won by Mentor, with Tradition and The Yeoman second and thirdl The Corowa horse, Tradition, was much' fancied, and though ho did not manage to secure first honors he proved his quality as one of the finest racers south of tho Line. He was backed by his owner and others in these districts to win big stakes, the former, it is said, having over £10,000 upon his chances. Referring to the parade of horsps engaged in tho Cup, prior to the race, a writer in Wednesday's- " Age" remarks " When Aspinall brought out Tradition it was time for the folk' from the North-Eastern district to give forth a great shout of exceeding joy. For years past no horse his come to tho post in the great race with so unreserved a support, from its own district. In Wangaratta, in Beech- worth, in all the fringe of amall towns on the Victorian side of the Murray and over the river to Deniliquin, ir.an, woman and growing child gathered ali' they could spare — and sometimes a little over — and ventured it confident!)' on Mr West's horse. His defeat in the Ctulfield Cup only added to their belief in- Tradition's powers, so that it is to be feared that, his ill- luck of yesterday, apart from its eff'ct upon the general public, will fall heavily upon many people who do not usually risit- much money in betting transactions. But when the big horse came gaily up the course, looking in great fettle, and giving his jockey plenty of trouble to hold him-, the Cup was yet in futurity, and the Ovens and Murray party were able to exult to the fullest extent in the generous proportions, the mighty bone and' muscle, of their horse." Death of Mr James A, Stewart — It is with deep regret wo have to record the death of the above-named genLleman, which sad event occurred about 11 a.m. on Tuesday, at Wangaratta. The intelli gence took the townspeople completely bv surprise, as only two days previously Mr Stewart was about, and' few knew that he was eveu ailing, observes the " Dispa'eh." He had caught cold, and thought to shake it off, but it settled heavily upon him, and resulted in congestion of the lungs, which proved too much to be overcome by medical aid. The deceased gentleman, who at tbe tini9 of his death was 38 years of age, and a native of Londonderry, Ire land, came to Victoria about 20 years ago. He was not in his youth brought up to the business of cordial manufacturer, but on his arrival in the colony took to the business, studied it closely, and, as most of our readers muBt be aware, with the most brilliant success, for the numerous prizes his exbibits have taken, from the local shows to the great Philadelphia Exhibition, where lie carried off a gold medal, bear testimony to his undoubted ability as a manufacturer. Mr Stewart had large experience in his line of business, for after having made good headway in the metropolis, where after a short time he held various positions of trust and importance, he managed businesses at Sandhurst and other centres, and came to the Bright district, where he remained until Mr George Lyon, late of the Spring Brewery, Beechworth, secured his services; and it was from that time that his ability as a cordial manufacturer became wide spread, not only in this district, bat all Victoria. Somo years ago he joined Messrs Dodsworth and Son, at Wangaratta, and with his valuable assistance, aided by Mr Dodtsworth'a ability , as a brewer, .the firm mad j excellent progress, until cently they sold out :to ' a Melbourne syndicate of large capital, b ,Siiu2.inad.e a. proviso of sale that both Mr Stewart and Mr Dodsworth Should remain a general- managers and manufacturers. .The.-dr- ceas d -gentleman was a genial, aener -us soul, had a kind .word and a nod st juke for all, and was a. general favorite. with the public, and the mpst sincere regret is" felt at his sudden ifleatli... . He leaves a. wife and two young- children tb 'mourn the loss. of an affectionate jjiiabnd; and a kind father, and tt)e distr?aj6? Wiiow has' measure of publicrsymathv. .A brother. whb is in huaihe'asVdn Malhourne, n ,d /ir4l«H>flii--tn-iraUaciaM-csn)aiii to regret Cuauge of Embezzlement. —On Tues- day last a young man named JameB G. Gray, employed as baob'iiig-clerkiu Messrs Crawford and Co. s coucn-office Rt Beechworth, was arrested on warrant, charged with embezzling tha sum of £2 79 Gd, 'belonging to the firm. Doubts re specting his honesty having been felt, an examination of his books was undertaken, and, as a result, a warrant was on the day ab-ive named taken out against hin>, charging hitn with embezzlement (the total- amount of his defalcations being said to he some £12). Accused at nine o'clock the same evening gave himself up to S Tgeant Flood at the police- statia», and while the charge was being entered against him he swooned away, his- state necessitating the attendance of Dr Skinner, and it was some shore tune before ho re gained consciousness. On IVedueaday morning Gray wae btought before Mr Ingram, J P., and remanded for a week, bail being allowed bkn in two sureties- of £25 each, and himself in £50. Messrs-©. J. O Sullivan and John- Lasselles became bondsmen, and accused was released froui custody. Va- vOINATSoX.— Dr JL S. Thwaites boa been appointed to act ae- public vaccinator at Tallai.-gatta. I The w eatssb. — Sincs our last issue no rain has fallen in Beechworth.. Tuesday and Wednesday were pleasantly warm, tho niuhts being' cooi, and on the-laat-named' evening there were indications that a further downfall- of rain is not fav distant. Our Wangaratta- correspondent, writing at G p.m. on Wednesday, savs-: . A-nibe gen tie rain has been falling here for the- last few Injurs, and -'looks- as if it might; possibly last. Sudden Deathi. — An old5 man- named Jeffrey Gardner, who for many years has resided on a small1 vineyard near the Falls, Beechworth, . died) rather suddenly oil Monday morning. He had been suffering 'from dysentery for about a-- week, for which he had been treated by.- Dr- Fox, and was attended' to by an old-man named Laye:>c!c. The- doctor certified that dysentery was the cause of death, and a magisterial inquiry was, therefore, not considered necessary. Waitgaraxtai Borough Gouucil. — There was no meeting of this body on Monde;? night, the town-clerk- haying been en inted leave to visit Melbourne. Beec mvorth-' Police Court." — At this court o n Tuesday, before Mr >Y. H. Fester, "J?.M., Burdon, Lowe and Co. sued George Thomas for 17s 6d, for hire of horse a-i d buggy- Mr Perry appeared for plaintiff:; no appearance of defendant. Order f or amount, with £1 6s costs. Richard Finch - sued Jas. G. Gray for £3: 5Ss & J, due for goods sold. Defendant did not appear-,. and an order was made for the a: mount, .with 5s costs and imme diate £ -xeeution. Mary Gen Ning summoned Ellen Kennedy for unlawful assault at Spring Creek on the 24th ult. On the application of Mr Perry, who appeared, for defendant, an adjournment for a week was granted, plaintiff being allowed 10s costs. A Lost Mak'siSesort fob Assistance. — The Pt >rt Darwin liue was interrupted north of Daly Waters early on- Sunday morning. Communication was - restored in- the ev ening, when it was found that a man who had been lost in the bush for foar days had cut the wire in. order to bring asi listance. The man was found alive, .bait in a very exhausted condition. Reffiito at Sandy Cp.eek. — The Grass hopper J leaf, Sandy Creek, has-given the hatidsom e return of 98oz refcor.ted- gold from .42 tons of stone taken- from tho tunnel Uevel, 200' feet from hie snr/'ace. The stone nnder-foot looks splendid: Leasi.s Approved. — Chas. Tyrrell, 02a, Myrrhee; Wm. Cashtnan, 14a, Ndorongong. i Grant Approver. — John Stewart, 10a, Hedi; \- Cricket. — A\ cricket matoh w-il! be played at Baarmtsfcha Park: to- moFrow "(Friday)' between teams representing the :married and the single members- of the Beech worth United Cricket Olub.. The 'married team, will be selected. 'from the following : — Hon. F. Brown, M.'L.C., Mr Tuthill, M.L.A'. , Kev. G.F. Cross, SCenge, Bailey, Billson, Baxlol, Bwyer, Flood, Goldaworthy, Graham, Ingram,, jnn., Mickle, O'Connor, Page, Perry,. A. C. Thomson, Townsend, Vandenberg, Were, Walton and:! W: Swar ; while the- single team willba chosen from — Albiston, Aiisell, Burnett, Ghannon, Conlon, Davidson, Dodd, Fyfe, Gerratty, Greig,. Harper, Haslip, Twin , Haycock, liee, Murray, McDonald, McKenzfo. O-Brien,. Porritt, Ryan, R. Thompson, Turner, P.' Warden, White and Young. Members are requested to be on the ground before 1,'p.ra., as the game will be commenced at-that hour. . The Qusxqnss. — The Customs revenue at Wedouga for rhe month. ending 3fot October amounts to £5442 3s 8d. Tn». total number of bales ofi wool by rail and; road passed- through the Wodoaga Customs, was 10,201:. The. Massden Tessikonsal. — It may be remembered that when the late Mt- Marsden,. then clerk of- cousta at Wan-, garatta,, waa, at his own request, on account of his- IvCth, under orders for Another district, 'b- police magistrate and justices, of the district drew up a foatimonial which was Bnbseguently presented to him at a luncheon in Harris's. Commercial Hotel. As some of tho public- desired to add their testimony to that of the Bench as to. their opinion of tho services and. worth of the now deceased gentleman, a-public meeting was held, when it was resolved to. draw up another memorial' of wider soope, and to be accompanied by a purse of sovereigns. The balance- sheet haa been "submitted to the inspection of one of our rapmenta- tivos, and will we believe be published. At-all events, it may ha seen by anyone on application to Mr H. S. Parfitt, or at tho office of the kt Wangaratta Dispatch." The £50, OQQ Sweep. —Mentor, the Mel bourne Cup" winner,""was dvawn in the £50,000 gydaey sweep by two young ladies in a d res0 maker's Bhop in Sydney, who sold their interest a week ago for £5000. El Dorado Police Court.— At the above court oh Wednesday, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., and Mr J. Hollow, J. Pvv four lasses of, trespass engaged attention, Mr'F. Brown appeared for the prosecution, lb-two oases the defendants were present, and -.were. finn-'l SOa each, with costs. The ptheri-j ' '-wlio "t.-a previous hearing stated that1 iliry ce'ihl bring forward rebutting evidence "if: 'allowed : an adjournment, which iwas'.tiienjrVuited, did not put Jn iifi appearance; and were fined £5, with : CiJllia- . . \- Sir JAMBs-MnRBix'j . Patent Fluid Mao- rbu secures. .a perfect diROFtion, corrects noisily and "relieves llfiR'rtburfi, Without injury 'Cthe ooats of the S"h'",h. Bfleotual in "case of fre'nlftr Dig-sli'ih. Gout and ArayeljiAn ! tli'e safest corro-;»ive f r wom andi'chiidren. jtecommenle-t by leslinp Physioiaus: .invaluable , in Hot Climates, in hottiee. .Th eaoh, of a I Chemif's a»d Patent id'.rlictre Ven'ini s. Boclio, Tompfltt and Oo,. -Ageot'i Melbourne. ' ; " ' ' C; solicit id >eit:n»ou>4>- fr jjeiriien, orVfo lC ilia rf Wi>iT'e Schhap?S . ' -j ' " 