TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears cn the fourth page ;—The "V.R.C., Rifle Shooting, Police Court, correspondence, and reprint cablegrams. Next Friday, at noon, the quarterly meet- ing of the Geelong Town Council will be held. On that occasion Mr \Ym. Humble, the mayor-elect, will accept office as Mayor of the town for the municipal year 1888-89. The council will also proceed to the election of aldermen for Bar won and' Villamanta wards respectively, on. the retirement' of Alderman Carr and Alderman Meakin, whose tenure of office as aldermen expires' by effluxion of time. In the evening the new Mayor's dinner will be given in the Town Hall, and on Saturday afternoon Mr Humble will entertain the employes at his foundry at dinner in the same bnildiog. . Sometime since the members of the harbor committee of the corporation insisted upon the government making an asphalt pave ment from the west aide of the Moorabool street wharf. The committee urged that it was desirable to make the approaches to the wharf convenient for excursionists landing from or departing by the various steamers. Strangely enough, however, the corporation have allowed the footpath from near Mr Hughes' shop to the shelter shed to get into disrepair, and. the pavement has become unsightly,as well as rough for pedestrians to walk along it. Although repeated attention has been directed to the unsafe state of the beach between •: tho Tarra-atreet wharf and. the Corio BayRowingCIub's boat- honse,the town corporation have not taken any action to' protect the pnblic. One person has been drowned in the locality referred to, when a protecting fence along : the dangerous ap proach to the wharf might have. prevented the fatality. The harbor formed for. the" fishermen s boats has been dredged to a depth at low water of 6ft., andastbewatersuddenly deepens from tbe beach the. place is highly dangerous to the unwary. The particular locality is frequently visieted by cbildren'in charge of nurse girls, and boys "very often venture in a - thoughtless way to bathe, homes in that portion" of the beach fronts age. . . The bridge acroBS the deep gully on the road to Spriog Creek was again the ecene of an accident on Sunday last. Messrs Sheehan and Milner were driving down the stoep side of the approach to the bridge when the horses and trap descended at each a pace that on reaching the bridge the vehiole got broken about tho fore part to such au extent that a plentiful supply of rope, borrowed from'aome travellers near , the creek, had to be used iu repairing the conveyance so as to make it fit to return to town for repairs by the coaehlmildcra. About half-paet nine o'clock laBt evening the reflection of a large fire in the neighbor' hood of Highton was observable from town. It appeared to be a stock of hay on fire, bat, being so far from towD, none of the brigades ventured out. ' As vet arrangements have not bseu made by the committee of the Geelong cricket club to play the annual oricket. match against officers and crews of the ships lying in port. For many years past the eveut has been looked forward to with pleasurable anticipa tions by the captains of the merchantmen iu pott, ae well as by the other officers of the ships. Last evening, shortly after eight o'clock, the firebells at Newtown and Geelong West, and in M'ElIop-street, sounded an alarm. There were a number of bonfires in different directions, canaed by the juvenile papulation celebrating Guy Fawkes' night, and under the circumstances the alarm was not given from the Geelong brigade station, in Little Malop-etreet. The cause of the other bells ringing was a fire in Addis-streEt, Gee long West; which destroyed a pig-stye at the rear of Mr Jno. Inces grocery sterp, in Aberdeen- street. The Newtown brigade attended and got a stream of water into p'ay, and stopped the flames from spreading The cause of the fire re believed to have been the result of lighted Chinese crackers beiDg thrown into the stye by some,boys, and they created a brilliant blaze in the straw in the piggery, which was speedily consumed. The members of the Salvage Corps, as well as several members of the Geelong brigade, including Captain Hodges, attended at the fire. A concert was given in the Mechanics' Institute last evening in aid of the funds of Protestant Alliance braes band. The audience numbered about 600, and this must be considered satisfactory in view of the rainy weather which prevailed for an hour or more prior to the commencement of the entertainment, and seemed likely to continue throughout the night. Mr W. flnmble (the mayor-elect) presided, and'in a brief addresB referred to the very satisfactory progress made by the band dnring its eight mouths' existence. The programme included several goad vocal pieces by the Misses E. and L. Tonkin, and Messrs P. Jones ana J. Vercoe, of Ballarat. The Misses Tonkin, whose singing met.with so much favor on the occasion of the last " Twelfth of Jsly" cele bration in Geelong, were encored for a duet, entitled " Two merry hearts are we,' and in response sang another verse of the same piece. ; Another well-received item, and one, which gave rise to uproarious merriment amongst the"audience, was "The sobbing quartette," by " the Misses Tonkin , and Messrs Jones and Vercoe. Mr Jones gave a very good interpretation of the well-known song, " Tho white squall," and Mr II. : Warburtoa was recalled for a sailor's hornl pipe. Amongst the other contributions to the evening's amusement were recitations by MIbs Janes .and Mr W. Webber, The Protestant Alliance band, about twenty-four in number, played a couple of overtures and three other pieces in a manner reflecting much credit on their able leader, Mr Sharp Brearley, The local police magistrate (Mr Heron) ocenpied the bench at the Meredith Court of Petty Sessions yesterday, and dealt with a few small casee. Adam Ashfield, a resi dent of Elaine, was proceeded against for cutting timber without a license on Crown land3 at Mount Doran, and was fined 03. The casualties treated at the Hospital yesterday were as follow Cuebit Oakley, an employe on Mr F. Austin's Avalon estate', for a sprain of one of his ankles, caused while assisting to lift a wool press on to a wagon ; and William Moorfoot, a laborer, for a scalp wound, received accidentally during the unloading of the coal steamer Nemesis at the railway wharf. The population of West Australia on the 31st September was as follows Males 24,262 ; females, 17,7S1 ; total 42,043! The net increase dnring the quarter is .102 persons. " A shocking fatality occurred at Singleton, (N.S.W.) on Thursday. A lad named Blun- dell was coupling two trucks, when his head got between the buffers and was completely smashed. The Ballarat Operative Bootmakers' Union threaten a strike, at the establishment of Messrs Dubberlin and Co., Dana-street, if the firm continue to purchase ready made goods from Mr Pinney, wholesale manu- facturer, of Ballarat. The Racecourse Hotel, North Hamilton, was completely destroyed by fire on Satur- day afternoon. But little was saved of the furniture or stock, which was not insured. The bonse is said to be iosnred for £700. At a meeting of the commission appointed by the Legislative Assembly to take evi dence relative to the growth and spread of the Californian thistle, held at Daylesford an Saturday, it was stated that the moat effee. tual means'- for cheeking the growth of the weed was , by choking it with a crop of red clover* _ W.-C. Seymour, one of the oldest resi dents of - the Maldon district, committed suicide on Sunday by taking a quantity of laudanum. . A petition has been presented to the Sonth Australian Government, signed by Chinese and European merchants of Port Darwin, stating that 30 highly respectable business men had during the last 12 months vLited _ China, and in consequence of the regulations were nnable to obtain return passages. The petitioners (says the Argus) have been informed that when the Chinese Bill is passed absent Chinese will experience no difficulty in returning, as the quarantine restrictions will then be removed. A man named McGinity, wanted for some time past in connection with the Elmore murder, was found by the Numurkah police 0n Saturday, and placed under surveillance. He is supposed to be able to throw some im- portant light upon the murder referred to, as he was in company with Harrison at the time. The Ballarat town counoil has received a tender for the laying down of tramways in Ballarat East from Messrs Booth, EUaou and Co. The firm (reports the Age) offer £o00 per year for 30 years for the right to constrnot the tramways within the town on the electrio principle. In tbe event of the dividends exceeding 10 per cent, the counoil is to be paid one-fourth of all the profits exceeding that amount. The work is to be done within one and two years, acoording to routes, side lines to be laid down according to mutual agreement. It is probable that the tender will be accepted. The theory (writeB the Zaneet) that tho succession ol murders which have lately been committed in Whitechapel are the work of a lunatic appears to us to be by no means at present well established. We can quite understand the necessity for any murderer endeavoring to obliterate by the death of his victim his future iden tification as a burglar. Moreover, as far as we are aware, homicidal mania |g gene rally characterised by the one single and fatal act, although we grant this may have been led up to by a deep-sooted series of delusions- It is most uuusuai for a lunatic to plan any complicated crime of this kind. Neither, as a rule, doe3 a lunatic take precautions to escape from the consequences of his act ; which data are most conspicuous in these now too celebrated cases. The truth is, that under the '^circumstances nobody can do more than hazard a guess as to the pro hahle condition of mind of the perpe trator of these terrible tragedies. Until more evidence is forthcoming, it appears to us to he useless to speculate upon what can only at present he regarded as pro. blematical. What a picture is that which the Daily Mews Odessa correspondent gives of the Russian convict steamer which is now on her way to Saghalien with. 460 convicts on hoard, ^ 160 ot whom are murderers. The convicts are headed together in batches in iron-barred cages 25 to 40 feet long. ^ The fojlowing detail for the pre servation of discipline is somewhat grue some reading Immediately outside the cages and attached to the under part of the deck overhead is a Bteam-pipe con nected with the ship's boilers. Into these pipes are fitted screw nozzles at intervals of 12 feet. The object of the steam-pipe is to suppress any dangerous outbreak among the inmates of the cage. By means of a short hose, specially made to resist the steam heat, quickly attached to one of the steam-pipe nozzles, the turbulent convicts are readily quieted or parboiled. Strong water-jets have been fouiid next to useless in allaying these occasional tumults. The use of boiling water as a means of restoring discipline Is not unknown in the English service, but it has seldom been so systematically pro vided for as at Nijni-Novgorod. A fatal affray occurred at tbe 2vew Hebrides on the 22ad nit. -The tchooner Helena, of Bnadabcrg, was recruiting at Sal, a village at Atnbrym, one of the New He brides group, when her boats were "fired upon. by the native?. Edward Heath, the mate, Osborne, a seamen, and a native were seriously wonaded. Heath died on board the Calliope five days later, and Osborne, who was conveyed to Nuamea, ~ is not ex pected to recover. The circa instance? con nected with the affair have not transpired, but an eoquhy was held by the Admiral, who decided to take no action at present. A shocking fatality occurred about 4 o'clock on Sunday morning at the residence of a mining manager named Treloar in Sand hurst. One of his children was sick, and Mrs Trelcar got np to give him a drink*. . The candle must have tene bed a curtain or some other loose hangings.(eays the Age),'as in a few miuates the place was . iu fiame3. Tbe mother got all the children' s-fely cut, and rushed back to Save some of the furni ture- Unobserved by the mother two of the children, a boy aged 4 and a gul aged 6 years, followed her. back into the burn ing house and were apparently snffooated by the smoke. All efforts to save them were unavailing. Mrs Treloar and a neigh* bor who was assisting her were somewhat burnt. The wbole.place and rami true were destroyed. After tbe fire had burnt out portions of the charred remains of the chil dren were recovered. Mr] Treloar was in Melbourne at the tune of the sad occur rence. . : - : Extensive * bushfires are reported from several of tbe pastoral districts of New South Wale3.~ A Warialda telegram states that 700 sheep have been burnt on Tulloona Etatioo. The drought in New South Wales , con tinues very severe. • Thunderstorms have passed over some of the inland districts, but accompanied by very, little rain, except in one or two isolated instances. It is reported from Louth that the state of the county and of stock is deplorable, and in fact the telegrams from nearly all tbe inland districts tell of discouragement and disaster to agriculturists .and steckowners. This evening the fortnightly meeting of the Cozio branch of the A.N-A» will be held in the Free Library building. The annual meeting of the Newtown and ChilweH borough council -will he held at noon oa Tuesday, 20th Inst. A special general and the ordinary monthly meeting* of the jSfc. Patricks society will be held evening. Entries close to-day for the Old Boys1 Race to be run for at the Geelong Grammar School sports on the 10th inst. It has hsea determined to offer a second prize of £2 2s for the Tug-of-War event at the A.N.A. Sports on Friday, should there be five entries, ... Mr Frederick Smith will hold a sale of household furniture, etc., to-morrow, at 12 o'clock, at Hope-street. Geelong West, at^the residence of Mr Win. Watts. The steamer Alert will leave the Moorubool street wharf at eight o'clock this morning for Melbourne, rzdjPorfcarliugton. and will leave the metropolis on the return journey at six o'clock this eveniocr. On Saturday, 24th inst., residence sites North Geelong will be offered for sale by A1o8gf»"M»nw> nnd. HailUpTt. in COujunctiozi with Messrs'H. B. Brown and Co. and Messrs AtiT-ahfiTT* and Sutherland. . On Tuesday next Messrs i!bliasoi>, Burns, and Sparrow will offer at public auction an allotment of laud having 120 feet frontage to Casridy-sjireet, in Brougham Place, the side being positive, under instructions from the executors of the estate of the late Michael Cassidy. 