Observatlort*. I Voting by ballot, according to hospital regulations, necessitates the voter attaching his signature to the voting paper before consigning it to the ballot-box. ? fcfurely this kind of ballot-voting (save tho mark) could bo made to playseoond fiddle to an improved method. Happy results. On Wednesday night Mr. Garrard announced there was not a single inmate coniined in the hospital. Fletcher, M.P., to Haynes, M,P„ in tho Legislative Assembly— ' You liar, you blackguard, you dare not say I used under, hand means with the Government officials.') Cheers, interruptions, insults, and chal lenges are the week's record in Parliament, The ill-starred Bulli widows intend to bring their actions against the company at once. A number of Pyrmont lads played ' sacks on the mill' last week. One of their number has now gone to tie golden shore, Distress is the sequel of late disastrous bush-fires around- Goulburn ; subscrip- - tions are accordingly being raised. Last Wednesday was the anniversary date the of burning of Bishop Oranmer, in 1556. The Balmain Dolphins were in it on Saturday at the Domain Bath Sports ; they took 15 prizes out of the 17 events. Next Tuesday is the anniversary of the declaration of the Crimean War in 1884. ' With apologies to Alderman Wragge. It is true that the tram-cars as well as tram lines would be all the better if the water hose played upon them more frequently. Alderman Davison has discovered a : patent — or rather not yet patented — suicide agent which can knook ' rough on rats' out in one a£t. This agent is Annandale-street, hear Piper-street. One dose — or rather one visit —is sure to prove efficacious. The wag, seated amongst the audience, who suggested that the oouncil pass over the place in a body, was, to say the least, oruel. ~ Eeigned supreme. Cross- firing at the Leichhardt Council's meeting on Monday night. Sluggish liver, you know. It was a pitv'thev did not Rn.mnlo AliW man Walsh's wedding-cake— a piece of which each alderman was presented with— before starting business. Perhaps that would have worked off the trouble, . Alderman Davison is quite right. The press does shed a Hood of light on munici pal doings. Oftentimes more than is re lished — by aldermen. Certain aldermen might well lay their hands on their breasts and exclaim, ' O, wad some pow'r the giftie gie* us; to see oorsels as ithers see us.' A sequestration order on petition of creditors was made in the Bankruptcy Court on Monday, in the estate of Tavares Falconer, wharf-road, Balmain, professor of music. Mr. Lloyd official assignee. The Balmain Dolphins can now breathe more freely since the knotty question of amateurship has been finally settled. The Leichhardt town clock should be carried fully ten feet higher than it is at present intended. Leichhardt people are expected to be proud of Uieir clock, so they do not wish to see it hiding its light under a bushel. Neck and neck. 156 males and 156 females saw the light of day during the month of February. 1,110 births against 645 deaths was the record in Sydney and suburbs last month. The highest reading of the thermometer during February was 87-8, and the lowest 59-8. \ ?' Parted company. The drummer and his drum-wolloper at tho regatta on Saturday. The latter probably went ahark-hunting. Brisbane aldermen have been taunted with bribery. Still people will ask where'a the fun in being a civic god ?' His name is walker. Lawyer Walker has been struck off the rolls and sent up to test prison fare for three months for mis oonduct. A warning. A man has been fined £10, in Sydney, for interfering with the brake of a traim, Tho tender of E. M. Clark, for clearing and fencing reservoir, sites at Ryde and Chestwood, Sydney Water Supply, has been accepted. There was ' thrubble' and no mistake at the Five Dock municipal council on Mon day night. Milkmen in the Five Dook district had better mind their p's and q's, or rather their dairies and cattle, for rigid inspection is about to ensue. Sohey's: Eight-hour Bill has been de feated by men who pose as ' the working man's friend,' but who must now, in lay ing claim to that title, take a back seat. Tho Queen does not intend to make divorce easy in New South Wales. She refuses to assent to tho Divorce Extension Bill passed last session. Workmen in sash and door factories in the United States work ten hours a day. That with no duty here makes it rough on colonial industry, A very enjoyable evening at the Camp bell-street Lecture Hall on Wednesday. The Debating Society's Social. Alderman Elkington objected to the Works Committee having to deal with the small items of the Inspector's report. He did not believe the aldermen should go to smell all the stinks in the borough, when they could be remedied for 15s. Bough on oolonial farmers. South African maize flooding New South Wales market. Tho labor of producing it in Africa is 4s. por month, and maizo food for the laborer, as against at least £4 hero. A good deal of spirit was manifested at the protection meeting last Monday, through the presence of three or four free traders. Mr. Angelo Smith announced himself to be a convert to limited protection at Mon day night's meeting. He was at once eleoted a member. Tho ' Lime Light' eifoot was very good . at the A.O.F. Concert. Aldorman Sadler threatens to unearth bungles in tho Leichhardt Council's doings. Out with them, old boy. Annandale is contemplated by certain aldermen in the same light that a red rag is looked upon by a bull — so says Aldorman Davison, who swears by tho eternal hills that Aanandalo will hav.e its , des.3ej[ts. Bough on Sunday clothes— A lettor to the Balmain Council affirmed that a rate payer was so badly treated by tho night! men of tho north ward by not emptying his closet that he had to go to his neigh bour's house and borrow another closet pan on a Sunday, and carry it home in a bag. Ho was unable to pass it off as a hymn-book. ' , , , . Ho had to do this by his own showing* to ' adequately outertain visitors at his houeo 