Pastoral News, Stock Movements and Markets. DUBBO STOCK REPORT.-Thursday, Feb. 23. The weather since our last has been fine. The country around looks splendid. The late rains freshened up the feed, and put out some bush-fires i which threatened to do much damage. The rain I was geneirAîy through the north-west. Down the Castlereagh it was very heavy in some places. The fall was abnormally large atGu'argambone. Stock of all descriptions are in good order. F. C. Tompson & Co. writes from Warren, under date February 21 :-" Since our las!; report the weather has been nice and mild, with cold nights at intervals. We aTe now noticing the benefit of the late raina, which fell heavily throughout this district, the grass showing a splendid growth. The passings are : 400 fat sheep for Nevertire, from Marebone Mrc. Perry owner, J. Healey in charge ; 800 ewes from Bloodaworth, Merri Merri, purchased by Mr. Murphy, Nevertire ; 5000 ewes from Dunlop, going to Brymadura, McCullum owner, Brennan in chsrge ; 2400 ewes from Bella.-in^ar, going to Burrowa, Stevenson and Co. owners, Delanyey in charge.-Dubbo Despatch. NARRABRI STOCJI PASSINGS.-Following bave passed through since Tuesday:-S000 hoggets, Sawyer's and Wilson's, from Bundulla to Mr. Lindsay ; McDonald in charge. -Narralr; Herald. FORCES STOCK REPORT.-Friday evening, Feb. 24.-Fine weather during the week up till Thurs- day evening, when a few smart showers fell, and to-day again. The atmosphere Í8 exceedingly close and muggy as though a lot of rain waa hanging about, but BO far the fall baa been almost nominal. Farmers are anxiously waiting for more of it to enable them to commence ploughing. The country looks well, and stock aro in grand condition. The following are the crossings :-1500 wethera, on the 18th February, from Yamma to ¿Bundaburra ; Strickland Bros., owners ; Morris in charge. 330 fat bullocks, on the 18th Feb., from Eurebia to Melbourne; J. J. Underwood, owner; Loyd in charge. 3000 ewes, on the 18th Feb., from Upper Droubalgie to Walla Walla, Cowra road ; John Martin, owner, in charge. 6000 ewes, on the 19th Feb., from Towyal station to Burra Burra ; N. A. Gatenby, owner ; McDonald in charge. 3000 ewes, on the 21st Feb., from Bundaburra to Yamma; M. Doyle, owner ; Thos. Doyle in charge. 2000 ewes on the 21st Feb. from Brundah, Grenfell to Parkes ; J. V. A. Fox, owner ; King in charge. 6600 mixed sheep on the 23rd Feb. from Yass to Mickey's Plains ; Jas. Thompson, owner ; Fitzgerald in charge. 8000 sheep on the 23rd Feb. from Kerribee, near Bourke, en route to Ariah atation ; Mesara. Welman Bros., owners ; T. A. Long in charge. 966 mixed aheep on the 23rd Feb. from Yarra Yarra to Lower Droubalgie ; J. L. Whitmill, owner ; T. Bet land in charge.-Forbes Times. WAOOA WAQQA WEATHER AND STOCK REPORT. -Feb. 24.-The very changeable weather which .prevailed in the early part of the week has at length aaaumed a very pleasant tendency to rain, and heavily too. It was evident on Thuraday morning that rain w»8 hanging about, but no one anticipated the heavy fall which came down in the afternoon. About au inch of rain fell in a very short apace of time, after which it fell more or leas heavily all through the night, and up to Friday morning 177 points had fallen, and still threatened to fall. This morning (Friday) it was showery, and heavy clouds covered the district, and in the afternoon more good rain fell. This was very general throughout the district, and the fall has done extensive good, putting out several fires and replenishing the water tanks and the dams on stock routes, and replenishing the young grass that has made its appearance on land that has been sub- jected to fire, as also through much of the old grass that is now lying upon the ground. The fall of rain will bo greatly appreciated by pastoralists who wish to travel weaners, as the water holes were getting too low to take young sheep on the road without some risk, The following stock movements have been reported at Wagga :-Approaching-1800 ewes and wethers, G. Curry owner, Yathella and Ironbong, via Old Junee and Bethungra, 3. Reece in charge ; 3500 ewes and wethers, J. M'Farlane, owner, Gregadoo to Yathong, via Wagga, Cross Roads, B lllenbong and Urana, F. Potter in charge. Passed-5000 ewes, Kenn owner, Kilroan (German- ton) to Valleyfield (Forbes) via Wagga.-Express. DENILIQUIN STOCK REPORT.-Friday evening, February 24,1888. The long spell of dry and hot weather was succeeded on Thursday with a smart shower, from which 19 points were registered at Deniliquin. The following other registrations are to hand : Moulamein 20 points, Balranald 15, Euston 27, Wentworth 11, Pooncarie 7, Hay 5, Urana 77, Albury 123, Swan Hill 11, and Wahgun- yah 85. To-day it is very close and threatening. Rain has fallen during the day, and there is every i appearance of a continuance. A heavy fall would do a lot of good. The following stock have passed this week : 1500 eweB (W. Officer's), by rail, have gone on to Zara, J. Shiels and E. Bellairs in charge ; 1 truck cattle _(T. Tyrers's), for Sandhurst ; 4 trucks do. (W. Tomkin's), to Sandhurst, and 2 do. do. for Melbourne ; 3000 wethers from Baratta to Gan- non's farm, R. Caldwell in charge; 3000 fat wethers (Stewart and McGee's), from Woolloon dool to Melbourne, A. J. Gavel in charge; 130 ewes and lambs (T. Tyro's), to Bignell's paddock; 160 stud ewes and 3 rams (R. Molesworth), from Thononga, will arrive here early next week ; and 6000 store sheep (H. Bicketson's), from the Billa- bong station on the Bland have crossed the Com- mon en route to Baratta, F. W. Burrowes in charge. Messrs. Braim, Davidson, and Stevenson will send away next week 1000 fat wethers from Wargam to Pearson, Rowe and Smith, Melbourne. Mr. H. J. Wooldridge has sold 700 ewes, on account of W. Faulkes, and 3000 ditto on account of Moroco sta- tion. The river at Deniliquin is now at summer level, and falling slowly. In local transactions Messrs. Braim, Davidson, and Stevenson, Denili- quin, Wagga Wagga, and Hay, report sales of 500 full mouth ewes, on account of Alex. Wilson, Kentleigh; and delivery of 700 4 and 5 year old ewes, on account of Mrs. E. Metcalfe, Wensley Dale.-Pastoral Times. HAT STOCK REPO-JIT.-February 24. The weather has been hot, and is cloudy and muggy to-day, with a chance of rain, which is much wanted. This dis- trict still escapes wonderfully from fires. Crossings . -February 21st, 2800 ewes from railway yards to Mr. Edmunds' selection, Pevensey, Mr. Edmunds in charge.-Riverine Grazier. 