COUNTRY NEWS. [By Telhorapii.J (»rom our correspondents.) ALBION PARK, Tuesday. A largo mooting was held last evening in the Carrington Hall, the Mayor of Shellharbour presiding. It was resolved that a deputation from the Borough Counoil yyait on the Minister for Publio Works to urge the completion of the railway station at Oak Flats, to be named the Albion Park station; that .trucking yards be erected; that the mails ho oarried by train and delivered at the railway station; and that an overhead bridge bo eroded at the South Coast road. BINGERA, Tuesday. This morning' the Lands Department notified the land agent here of his removal and the dosing of the lands office at the end of the month. The whole town was immediately roused to protest against this aotion. Over 60 persons assembled in Doyle's sample-room before 11 a.m., and arranged for a monster indignation mooting on Saturday next. Telegrams were sent to tho Minister for Lands and sovoral members of Parliament. Thoro has been a move- ment on foot to get (ho land agent appointed C.P.S., and the place is now about to be incorporated. BROKEN HILL, Tuesday. The miners have subscribed about £20 towards-the erec- tion of a school and reading-room for the children and thomselves. The building is just completed, and will cost about £100. Forty-fivo children will attond. Ten weeks ago a petition was sent to tho Government ask- ing for assistance in this object, and that a teacher should bo appointed, but no reply vVas received till a day or two ago, when a letter was received from the Education Depart- ment, daying that the matter would bo considered.' Mr. Woolley, engineer for the Silverton Tram Company, has completed a flying survey of tho proposed extension of the tramway from Broken Hill to Memndie. Ho reports the distanca is about 69 miles, lhere aro no special ongi neering difficulties to contend against, and the only bridge of any size would bo one ovor Stephen's Creek of about seven spans 40ft. each. COWRA, Tuesday. A special meeting of the borough council was held lust night for the purpose of receiving and considering the assessor's report upon the capital value of nil rateahlo pro- perty within the town boundaries. It was estimnted at £132,562 10». 7d., and tho annual, values at £13,682 as. The rate to bo charged on tho rental valuo of building pro- perties was fixed at ó < per cent. The meeting clobod after the consideration of 89111e more matters. GOULBURN, Tuesday. A girl named Elsie Alice Bell, 3 years of age, dnughtor of a farmer residing near Windellima, was on Friday last play- ing with other children at her home. On going to the lire for some purpose,-her dress became ignited. The child rushed outside to her father, who happened to be nour by, and he extinguished the flames. The girl, however, was severely burned about the body. She lingered in great pain till Sunday morning, when she died. . Bushfire* are burning all round the town. GRAFTON, Tuesday. Ploughing matches and a flower show will bo held to- morrow, under the auspices of the C. P. and A. Society. There are 10 entries for tho double- furrow ploughing match. The other events are not well filled. Large entries have been received for tho flower show, especially in cut flowers. There is an abundance of crass and writer in the district, and plenty of unstocked country. Cedar is cuuiing to tovvu in large quantity. There is agood deal of comment hore inregnrd to the recent magisterial appointments. Tho general belief is that there is no need for Buch. Exception is taken to ono or two of the appointments, and it is alleged that they aro of a political character. It is expected that 60 leading men of the district will go on the deputation to the Minister for Publio Works on tho 16th November to urge the immediate carrying out of the railways and harbour works. A large and comprehensive map showing the features of tho country to bo Berved by the railways has been prepared, and copies will bo distri- buted among the members of Parliament and others in- terested. There never yvas moro interest exhibited in tho movement than nt present, and if the efforts of tho deputa- tion fail on this occasion it will have a most damaging effoot on the district. Many tolectors have put up with great hardship in the hope that the Government would fulfil their promises and give them an outlet for their produce. INVERELL, Tuesday. ; A well-attended meeting of tho Protection League was hold on Saturday night. Aftor discussion, tho rules of the parent society in Sydney were adopted, with slight amendments necessary to suit local requirements. Tho Mayor, Mr. K. B. Mayne, was appointed president, Mr. J. M'llveon and Mr. T. Harland vice- presidents, and Messrs. Hamilton and Grove secretary and treasurer re- spectively. The league now numbera over 100 members and is established on a firm financial basis. The growing belief is that the protectionist cause is making groat head- way in this district. It is probable that a protectionist member will be returned at the next election. The weather 'is dry, ' hot, and oppressive, with chilly nights. Tho pastoral and agricultural outlook is gloomy. There is no wheut this year, und other orops must ho smull. Lambing and calving averaged 30 per cent. KANGAROO VALLEY, Tuesday. At a meoling of the Kangaroo Valley Dairy Company last night the following directors woro elected :-Messrs. Campbull, Osborne, Tate, Hanlon, Thompson, aud Randall. The work of the factory will piobably be com- menced very shortly. The weather continues dry, with a strong wind blowing. , . , MOAMA,,Tuesday. Edward Byrne was committed for trial ,by tho Moama Benoh on a charge of stealing four unbrandod hot sos from Pitty's 'Warnboota Station. Immense quantities of New South Wales wool aro arriv- ing daily at Echuoa Wharf. Four steamers oloared with general merchandise for various ports yesterday. The weather is hot. Stock crossings havo diminished. WOLLONGONG, Tuesday. It has been blowing a fresh southoily wind all day. Tho wind died away, and there is every appearance of tain. The groateBt satisfaction is oxprossod at tho assurance given by the Minister for Public Works to Mr. .Woodward, M.L.A., that the Wollongong watet supply questionJwili bo submitted to the Cabinet at the curliest opportunity, which is badly needed. .^~ The recent hoavy wind having completely cut away tho young grass, unless a fall of rain cornea veiy soon, matters connected witli-farming will have u gloomy lookout. . , . " "YOUNG, Tuesday. For the present up to date 5438 halos of wool have been forwarded from Young railway station. The weather continues -very hot Rnd dry, all indications of rain having passed away. The condition of the orops is .very serious, and in many instances thoy uro worthless. 