Telegrams. (?BOM OXTB. OWtf COHfcBSPOHTHBIttS.) ? BOURKE, Saturday. ? Negotiations are pending between- tbe Government and he Mechanics' Institute committee relative to the purchase by the Government of the Meohantcs'building for GovernT ment offices. If the sale should be arranged it is probabis that the committee will obtain a grant of land, on the wharf reserve, opposite to the. Royal Hotel, for the purpose of erecting a commodious hall and library. BRAIDWOOD, Saturday. The local aborigines wen regaled with a plentiful supply of food and clothing at tbe public expense in. honour of thp Centenary. BINGERA, Jan. 27. The statistics of the district for 1887 have been completed* They show that the population of the town, of Bingera is 630, and of the distriot 2300. BLAYKEY, Monday. The Duke of Manchester passed through here to- night. He is returning from a visit to the Junction Goldmines, whioh are said to promise weU,. COWRA, MojrpAT. Tho Centennial holidays paased o« very quietly, hej* the only attempt to commemorate the anniversaiy ox me colony hereabout being honeraolng at Koorawatha, a way side hotel, some distance from hare. The weather is excessively hot daring the day, and a number of bush-fires near at hand tends greatly to increase the temperature. COONAMBLE, Mokdat. The centenary was observed here by two days' holidays and a day's racing. Several of oar leading residents vent to Sydney. We have had unuBaally warm weather here recently, the thermometer rising as high as HO- in the shade. The sights also have been dose. There hare been a good many bush fires in the district, bat no serious damage has been done eo far. At the annual meeting of subscribers to the Coonamble Hospital a very satisfactory financial position was shown, -the new committee entering on office with a substantial credit balance for the current year. The Rev. G. T. Geer 'was elected president, Mr. E. B, Bailey, P.M., vice president, and Mr. Baxter honorary secretary. A good V'orking committee was also chosen. GOULBURN, Saturday. An accident nappened yesterday afternoon to the coach running between Wheeo and Goulburn, at a place about 14 miles from Goulburn. One of the horses became restive through being irritated by flies, and swerved, causing the coach to overturn. There were three female and two male passengers. Fortunately all escaped with a few bruises. The coach was uninjured, and arrived at the proper time. In the collection of the electoral roll for Goulburn 355 names were struck off, and 483 added. The total number of names is 2200, being an increase of 128 in the bast year. GUNDAGAI, Tuesday. Our local police magistrate, Mr. C. W. Weekes, received a cablegram from London to-day stating tha his eldest son, Chas. J. Weekes, had successfully passed his final medical examination at the London University. The mail train was two hours late in reaching here to-day. ? The weather continues hot and unpleasant, the glass registering an average of 91* in the shade. INVERELL, Mondat. Mr. Walter Nolan, inspector in charge of Public schools in this district, was presented with a handsome gold watch and an address by the teachers on Saturday, previous to his departure for Port Macquarie to fill a similar position. The same evening Mr. Nolan was entertained at the ? Oxford Hotel, when Alderman Wilson, in the absence of the Mayor, occupied the chair. Tuesday. On Sunday last, morning and evening, the Rev. J. S. Laing, of Muswellbrook, preached in St. Andrew's Presby terian Church. The Rev. Mr. Laing visits Inverell in connection with the movement recently originated in the Presbyterian Church of this colony for the purpose of establishing a fund in commemoration of the majority of that body as at present constituted, it being now 21 years since the amalgamation of tho various Branches of the Church in the colony. KEMP6EY, Tuesday. Our Centennial celebrations were very successful. The committee of the Agricultural Association gave a promenade concert on the Jrfght of the 2Cth, at which 300 school children took part. On the night of the 27th there was a display of fireworks, and feast for the aborigines, after which thw heM a corroboree; there were about 300 blaeka, and the display drew a great crowd, as most people never saw * eorroboree. The blacks are highly pleased at the treatment they received, and they were supplied on the 26th. by the Government, and on the 27th the Agricultural Association gave them three meals and tobacco. A bullock was roasted for them in the evening. The townspeople talk little part ia the Centenary celebrations ; most of the shops were kept optn. ' , S. religious ufclted Protestant centenary service was held in the Qqod. Trovplara' Ball to-night. The attendance was not laim. All i»e Protestant ministers, except those of the Church of England, were present. KIAMA, Tuesday. It is reported that Mr. George Hill, proprietor of die Bombo quarry stone-crushing plant, has purchased Syn nott ana Co.'s Interest in the quarry at Pike's Hill, and intends resuming operations here. LISMORE, Satuedat. The installation of the Master Elect of the Richmond River Masonic Lodge, E. C, took place last evening;. The ceremony was performed by Past Master E. W . Ailing ham. The following officers were installed and invested : — O. E. Taylor, W. St.; W. Lockett, G.W.; W. J. Sim mons, J.W. ; A. D. Allen, S.D.; W. Head, J.D.; A. J. Simpson, secretary; C. Stanford, I.G.; G. Maxwell, O.G. MOREE, Jan. 27. Yesterday was wet. A tremendous bush fire is raging 20 miles westward. Forty miles of country are burning. The commissioners appointed to enquire into the working of tho local land survey offices, have finished their investigations. NEWCASTLE, Sunday. Yesterday afternoon a boxing tournament was announced to take place on the Cricket Ground between amateurs for two prizes given by sporting gentlemen, and also a set-to between Costello and Jack Burke. The attendance was very poor. Burke and Costelio gave four ronnds of scientific boxing, after which the affair terminated. One of die Government punts filled with silt sunk in the harbour yesterday. The harbour-master notifies that the lighter is sunk between the outer mooring buoy and the east end of the Stockton wharf. The punt was sunk in 20ft. of water. The spot is marked with a green buoy, with a red flag over it. Monday. The contributions received in aid of tho Church Cen tennial Fund at Christ Church yesterday reached nearly £2000, and at St. John's Church, Newcastle, £2500, in cluding a special Rift from Mr. E. C. Merewether. A public meeting was held in the Victoria Theatre yes terday afternoon to celebrate the Centenary. It was very poorly attended. The Rev. W. Bain presided, and appro priate addresses were delivered by the chairman and the Rev. C. White, M.A. The proceedings closed with the National Anthem. At a meeting of the Newcastle Borough Council to- night a motion to the effect that the council apply to the Govern ment for power to borrow £50,000 for the purpose of carry ing out the drainage system -and other-important works'in the city was, after discussion, withdrawn until a reply had been received from the Government as to a former applica tion to borrow £100,000. The following motion was carried:— 'That the centenary gift of hud by the A. A; Company, now used as a cricket ground, should be vested in this council, and this council appointed as trustees for the same.' . : ? . : * Tuesday. A verdict of accidental death was returned at the ad journed inquest to-day upon the body of 'William Thomas, who was drowned in Warner's Creek. A glove fight between Hugh O\DonnelI and John M'Blhone, for £20 a-side, took place ia the Central Hell to-night O'Donnell defeated MfElhone easily. ^ . SILVERTON, Jax.27. The value of the imports, into the Barrier district last year was £626.162. The customs revenue collected amounted to £43,030 15s. 7d. The total value of exports during the year was £727,272, of which sum £622,400 is in respect of minerals— namely, argentiferous lead, £464,442; copper ore, £170; gold ore, £30; saver ore and galena, £59,472 ; and tin ore, £341. - Monday. At the annual meeting of subscribers of the Silverton hospital the affairs of the institution at the present time were shown to be in a very favourable condition, for after erecting commodious and well-adapted new buildings in place of the old one, the committee have still £400 ia hand: Efforts are being made to obtain funds to have the uew buildings properly finished. Mr. E. J. Locke was elected secretary. TAMWORTH, Monday. The through mail train on Saturday arrived hern two hoars and a quarter late. -To-day it was pearly three hours late, and it has been very irregular every day during thn fortnight it )ipaWn ranninpr - ' WILCANNIA, Jan. 27. After a fortcighfs warm weather, an agreeable chance i set in last night, accompanied by a heavy dust etorm. U is raining hard to- day, with a prospect of a continuance. B«n u reported at the stations up the river. AtMogil, 110 points fell; Walgett, 45; Brewarrina, 63 ; Goodooga, 78; Bourke, 10 points. Monday. The steamer Florence Annie arrived hero from Louth, and the Undaunted from Wentworth. The Emily Jane left Bourke, down stream, and the Mayflower passed Tilpa, ^ «Jream. The Pilot passed Tilpa, up stream. The following ere the river reports :— Mungindi, low ; Mogu, lft.f falling; Barwon, 9ft., falling; NamoS, 6ft, stationary; Goodooga, low; Bourke, 8ft 4in., falling; Louth, 8ft., falling; Tilpa, 12ft., falling; Wilcannia, 12ft, rising; Henindie, lift. 9in., rising; Pooncarie, 10ft. 5in., falling; Wentworth, 16ft. 6in., falling. Tuesday. The steamer Pilot arrived from Morgan with a general cargo. The Florence Annie left up stream for Louth. The Agnes left down stream for Echuca. WAGGA WAGGA, Tuesday. The municipality have purchased the local gasworks from the proprietors. They take possession on the 1st February, the commencement of the municipal year. 