WOODVILLE. On Friday evening last a most successful tea meeting, given by the Wesleyans of this portion of the circuit, was held in the School of Arts, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to liquidation of the circuit debt. At 6.30 p.m. the hall pre- sented a very attractive appearance, being pro- fusely decorated with evergreens and flowers, and the tables, laden with edibles, were tastefully arranged and interspersed with beautiful bouquets. Heightening the enchantment were the fairy forms of the promoters of this portion of the programme, flitting hither and thither with faces irradiated with anxious anticipations, as to whose table would the better withstand the predatory excnrsions about to be made on them, but the good things seemed inexhaustible, and at 7.30 the co/'eat ended very satisfactorily. Preparations wer/j ¿n I made for the second part of the programme, which consisted of addresses from several gentlemen present, interspersed with selec- tions from the choir, who contributed greatly towards the evening's attraction. At eight o'clock on the platform were to be seen the Rovs. K. A. Corner, Branch, Davis, Hopkins, and Mr. King ; also the choir, with their efficient conductor, Mr. C. Boag. The hall being now woll filled, the choir rendered one of their selections in a very effective manner, after which the R«v. Mr, Hopkins engaged in prayer. The Chair- man (the Ser« K. A, Corner) then addressed I 1 the meeting with a few remarks concerning the finances of the circuit, and the favourable progress they had made, considering the cir cumstanoea of bad seasons; but it was his ambition to eradicate the debt before leaving the district. After the pleasant rendering of another hymn by the choir, the Rev. Mr. Branch was called upon to address the meeting, to which he responded In his usual jocular manner, relating some very amusing anecdotes. The choir gave another of its selections, after which the Rev. Mr. Davis, with a telling address entertained the meeting. Another hymn was then sung, which was followed by a very earnest and instruc- tive oration delivered by the Rev. Mr. Hop- kins. Mr. King then monopolised the attention of the audience for a few minutes with an explanation of the financial position of the circuit. The inex- haustible choir was again in request ; after which a vote of thanks for the choir (with Mr. Boag their instructor, also the ladies who provided the tea), was moved by Mr. T. Carter, and seconded by Mr. E. Hicks. Mr. Boag responded on behalf of the ladies. A vote of thanks was then moved by Mr. Garnham to the rev. ministers who had come to assist in the entertainment ; Mr. T. Carter seconded the motion. The Doxology was then sung, which terminated a very enjoyable evening. The weather is excessively hot and dry ; bush fires are prevalent doing their disastrous work, spreading the dark mantle of devastation after 'them. On Sunday morning last the bush paddocks were on fire almost the entire length of theroadf rom below Mr. Stowarf s corner till you reached Seaham. The bridge at Dead Man's Creek caught alight, but the fire was happily extinguished before any damage was done. But it is impossible to estimate the aniouut of damage done ; miles of fencing must be burnt completely away. Tho fire burnt its way across from the Paterson. The scene at night was grandly beautiful to the uninterested spectator, but doubtless its beauty would be lost upon 'those whose pockets mast suffer to repair the damage done. The air for days has been filled with a dense smoke, and the sun like a blood-red jewel nightly sinks to rest. This morning is cloudy and promises rain, but its promises of late have been so unreliable that wo scarcely dare hope for the much-needed boon till we hear the rain-drops falling. Among the improvements of the district we notice a pretty villa residence, belonging to Mr. W. Wade, of Bellevue. The architect is Mr. J. W. Scobie, of West Maitland, and the contractor Mr. W. King, of Dunmore, under whose supervision the work has not only been faithfully performed, but has pro- gressed with remarkable celerityt The house contains in all eight rooms, and seems to have been designedjospecially with an eye to the comforts of its inmates. It is surrounded on three sides by a verandah ; the back fronts the river, and commands a charming view of river scenery. Nov. 29, 1888. 