MOONDARRA. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. Two accidents occurred here within the last week, one of which, unfortunately, was fatal. A young man, named Michael Sonsi, engaged in quarrying stones for the Walhalla Deep Lead Co., was carrying a 4-pint can full of blasting powder when he stumbled over a log, spilling some of the contents of the can. A spark from his pipe fell into the powder, and the whole exploded, severely burning his hands and setting his clothes on fire. As he left the district immediately after the accident. I am unable to learn how he is progressing, but as his injuries are only superficial; he will probably be able to return to work in a few days. On Saturday, 17th, a fatal accident occurred to an old man named Alexander Gillespie, who was employed on Mr. George Read's farm. It appears that he left his work on Saturday morn with the intention (so it is supposed) of going fishing in the Tyers. As he had not returned on Sunday morning it was feared that something had happened to him, and a search party was organised, which scoured the countiy along the river, but without success. On Monday morning Messrs. Campbell, Read and Elliott discovered the dead body of the old man lying near.alargesapling, which he had cut down while searching for grubs. The sapling, in falling, had evidently struck a tree which had lodged in another. This caused tlie butt end of the sapling to swing round, striking tlie deceased oil the head, and, as was evident from the injuries, killing him instantaneously. A magisterial inquiry was held on Tuesday, by Sir. Wm. Parker, J.P., and it was found that deceased was accidentally killed by the fall of a tree. Several bush-fires have been raging in this neighborhood, causing considerable damage to fencing, and making travel ling dangerous on some of the roads. A fire broke out on Mr. T. Francis's ground, spreading thence to Messrs. Phelan's and and Trueman's selections. The two former lost about 11 chains of a good log division fence, and Trueman about 17 chains of boundary fcncing. Mrs. J. Phelan and Mr. Francis, while endeavoring to beat back the fire, had a narrow escape from instant death. They were working about 6 feet apart when a large burning limb fell between them, grazing Francis's shoulder, and knocking a bush which he was using out of his hand. Later on, he and some others were conversing, when a tree fell towards the group, causing an immediate stampede in various directions. Had any of the party stumbled over one of the numerous logs, it is probable that another fatal accident would have had to he recorded, as the tree fell on the spot previously occupied by the men. Fires are burning at Upper Moondarra also. Several panels of Mr. A. Templeton's fence are burned, and his house now in course of erection had a narrow escape, the hut of the contractor, Mr. Marks, having caught fire. It would have been burned but for a fortunate circumstance. Marks was engaged inside the new building, and therefore was not aware of the near approach of the fire till he heard a horse, which was tied near the place, plunging. On going to ascertain the cause he found the hut on fire, and it was with considerable difficulty that the flames were subdued. 