WuAraven opinions may be held as to the efficacy of prayer for rain, we apprehend every one will be propared to join in expres sions of thankfulness for the welcome fall recently experiencei. It will not restore all that has been lost, but it gives faiir ground of hope.that further losses may be stayed; and if it should be followed in due course by further showers, it is quite possible that the summer and autumn may in some measure atone for the spring. A homely proverb assures us that it is no use crying over spilt milk; and we may apply this to our present oiroumstances. There is no use in lamenting the unfulfilled ;hopes of the spring; but there will be much use in 'making the best of the present pros poets for the autumn; and no doubt this -will be done by every settler who has the elasticity of spirit without which it is hope less to attempt cultivation in this country. There are two important crops which may be put in at once in favourable soils and situations, namely potatoes and maize. As a matter of choice it is rather late for the last named; but in good soil in warm situations growth will be' very rapid, and thus lost :time may be made up; so that if the autumn be favourable a good crop of the ninety-day variety may reasonably be ex poeted. In any event it should be sown freely. The cost of seed is small, the soil w'ill work easily, and oven if the grain should not ripen, the crop will be valuable as food for stock. For planting the main crop of potatoes .the recent fall of rain is most timely, and this crop could hardly be put in here under more favourable' circumstances. than at present. Growth will start vigorously at once, and without. danger' of chkoo from frost. There 'is reason to expect better prices for potatoes this season than for the last two or three; and every cultivator who has fairly good soil for the purpose should plant as soon as possible a fair proportion. When those two crops have been dis posed of, ground should be carefully pro. pared for a larger sowing than usual of Cape 'barley, to be made a few weeks hence. A6cddrding to the nature of the autumn, this may either ripen sufficiently to be made into hay, or may' stand for green food. We have known considerable quantities of hay made from Cape barley sown originally for winter green fooeed; and on one occasion we knoew the grain itself to ripen. This was sown after Christmas, and there was a long and sunny autumn. The soil should be worked very fine and be in good heart to secure the best results. About thiO 'same time Swede turnips should be sown, as a good winter feed for stock. In good soil and' with a favourable season, large yields may be looked for. A prejudioe exists among 'the owners of dairy stock against the use of turnips on the ground that this kind of food gives a dis agreeable taste to the milk and butter; but it' has been shown by Mr. Mackay, agri cultural lecturer to the board of technical education', that this is easily avoided by taking care to give turnips to milking cows at'Cuoh times only as will allow of an in terval of a few hours before milking. The ceilture of this crop is rapidly extending among the dairy farmers of the coast dis. triots, and it should receive more attention here, especially in a season when forage is likely to be less plentiful than usual. Of course it may be said that success in the culture of the crops above mentioned depends upon the recent fall of rain being followed by further supplies. This is one of the things which must be risked. But if crops can be put in under favourable con ditions, this goes a long way towards scour ing a good yield. For the rest, one must needs trust to Providence. If we do not sow, we certainly shall not reap. People aro naturally distrustful after such an experiuneo as we have had. We do not seek to underrate the severity of that experience; but it may not be amiss to point out that the apprehension of the evil has been greater than the reality. Just as people had made up their minds that no more rain was to be expected for many weeks or months to come (which would have been a serious matter indeed), the heavens are opened, and the most widely distributed fall experienced for a long time visits the country. This ought to chock the tendoncy to evil forabodings which has lately assumed the proportions of a disease, im:and' has made life almost a burden. We have a right to assume that as the weather has at last broken, more rain will fall in due time, and that the labour of thoe cultivator will not be without reward. It is a curious fact that in times of drought the ordinary indications of rain prove de. coptive; so that even those who have given long study and observation to the question are obliged to admit themselves in fault. But there were some circumstances pre ceding the recent rainfall which are worth noting for future reference. First, the intense heat, very unusual at this period of the season. This alone afforded ground for the opinion that a change could not be far distant. In periods of prolonged drought, the summer is usually cooler than ordinary. Disagreeable as the hot winds are, they are causes of subsequent rain; and the more intense the heat, the greater likelihood of rain' soon following. Another point noticed by several obser vant'settlers is that a few days before the late rain, springs which had apparently dried up began to run. We do not know what the connection may be, probably some subtle atmospheric change, but the fact is regarded by old residents as distinctly pointing to an approaching fall of rain. The present instance appears to confirm the opinion. Yet another phenomenon is worthy of note. For a fortnight or more the atmo sphere had been obscured by smoke from bush-fires; but a few days previous to the rain, the smoke suddenly cleared away, without any apparent reason. We conceive this was in some way connected with a change in the condition of the atmosphere, and that such change betokened rain. The study of weather signs is most im portant to every one whose occupatiouns or interests are concerned in the yield of crops, the growth of grass, or the state of the markets; and every indication which may help to form a trustworthy opinion should be duly noted. The instances above given will therefore not be deemed trifling. 