COUNTRY NEWS. DARDANUP, June 12th. Tit.e weather for some time past has been very boisterous, accompanied by thunder and lightning at intervals. 'We have had very regular and heavy rains from the commencement of the season,, and the ground is now in first class condition for the plough. Pann ing operations are in full swing, throughout the district. Having recently made a tour of a large portion of the settled parts of this district I was afforded the oppor tunity of making a personal examin ation of many new farms and I was pleased to see in many instances that an enormous amount of improvements had been effected and some under very adverse circumstances. Chief among those worthy of mention is the estate held by Mr. James Busher, jr., which is situated close to the locality known as Quindarup, and a distance of about 18 miles from Bunbury. The entire block consists of' 600 acres of which about 250 acres are partially clear with- one field- containing about 60 acres with- not a tree on it;, the north- end of this clear block is en closed with a. three rail fence, and so close are the rails as not to admit of the entrance of fowls, the fence being also ditched1 on either side is com pletely sheep and- pig proof, and runs east and west for a distance of 80 chains. The southern- boundary of the field is- enclosed by a fence of one rail and seven wires. This man has altogether a novel method of clearing his land, grubbing black boys in the usual way and; then letting them lie on- the- ground ; the larger trees are all ring, barked; and when dead they are dug round, the blackboys' chopped up, and a . fire made of them at the roots of the large trees, j1 11 being ready he burns down about 12 acres at a time ; being burnt in parts they are pulled or packed across each other to burn up, thus saving in a most effectual manner all labour of cross-cutting. ]n this manner Mr. Busher iuformed me that he is en abled to prepare 12 acres in a month and have it ready for the plough, that is providing the trees are all dead, and tho falackboys previously grubbed up. Considering that Mr. Busher is a bachelor and lives almost in hermitical retirement, his nearest neighbour's house being in a direct line through the bush a distance of 3 miles, and performs all the various duties of his calling as a farmer and I must say a most energetic farmer too, it is wonderful to behold the work and improvements which he has ef fected. The ring fence en his land is the most substantial and best erect ed of any in the district. One may stand at one end of a line and look ing along the fence will observe that it is perfectly plumb and so in line that it does not appear to vai'y one inch in either direction. The greatest apparent drawback to this aud many other farms in this district is the want of fairly good roads. A trifling out lay would make this road passable, ?but at present it is impassable, as any person travelling with a team would be forced to erect a culvert at every brook they come to ; the old ones be ing burnt down. Of course the Quinderup road being regarded as a ttiinor one, it is nobody's business to bother ab( ufc saving culverts from the effects of bushfires and the loss is never felt until some one has occasion to travel that way with a team and then the Roads Board receive such blessings that if heard on high not one of the members, nor even the Chairman, would be regarded by St. Peter as a nt and proper candidate to contest a seat in the upper glories Indeed I beheld a practical illustra tion' of this kind only a very few days ago. When on my return ho:ne- I came on to the main road and after travelling along some distance I saw a horse-team standing in the middle of the road, the cart was canted over,, one wheel beiug sunk to the knave,, while two meu were actively engaged, :ie whipping the horses and the other using, a long lever trying to raiss the wheel from the hole, but failing to succeed and the rain coming down in torrents both became (as well they may) exasperated and both in concert-, poured forth one long continuous aud maddening blast of bitter and terrible malediction on. the roads, the Koads Board, the man who made the roads, and the man who patched the roads, and last of all the member for that part of the district. Eventually the rain ceased and the sun shone forth again and after another terrible strug gle they succeeded in getting under way. However it is a very unreason able thing to suppose that the Roads Board can do impossibilities and con sidering that the required means are not at their disposal it may be safely said that so far under the present prevailing circumstances they hav& done fairly well, although there are many outlays this year which could have been easily avoided, for instance bridges and culverts which have been burnt, could, for a mere trifle have been made secure, but in th& ' never heed ' system they lose the ' sheep for the half-penny worth of tar,' thus occasioning enormous ex penses that could be avoided by em ploying a diligent man to clear round and secure all such bridges and cul verts before the bush fires set in. Next in importance is the motion of the Chairman to impose a land tax. This is certainly a praiseworthy mo tion and so far meets with general approval as the returns of the tax will enable the Board to keep the roads in thorough repair, and consider'njj that most of the members of the Board are land owners — though some not to a very great extent — it is to h& hoped that they will not oppose the matter though fears- are entertained. It is a pressing necessity and once brought in force it will prove a bo n to the general public, although the ' land-lockers ' may regard it in the light of a calamity. To auctioneers and station agents it would no douM- be a blessing as they would be active ly employed in finding buyers for the hundreds of thousands of agricultural areas which are, and have been, lock ed up for twenty years past and which nothing can be more effective in driving them on to the market than a land tax of say a penny an acre. MORIARITY. 