SUMMARY. Parliament open. Kong Meng dead. Soldiers on Btrike. Off dolour— Jubilee rod. The Parliamentary dinner last night was an ' Bxoeeding commonplace affair. The Rockhampton (Q.) soldiers have gone Dn strike. Ground arms. Mr. D alley is said to be muoh better than for a week past. Mr. 7 O. A. Goodohap retired yesterday Irom the control of the railways. Bush-fires are very extensive iu.the Goul- burn district.' Skating-rinks are immensely popular in perspiring North Queensland. ' Messrs. W. M. Fehon and O. Oliver are the Assistant Bailway Commissioners. _ The borrowing and lending rates have been raised by the Associated Viotorian banks. The Chess Congress ie still proceeding at Melbourne. Aboriginal Corroboreo at the Carrington Grounds this evening. At the Central Polioe Court this morning Mary Ann Cosh was oommittod to take her trial at the next Bittings of the Quarter Sos- Bions, on a charge of stealing £16 from the person of Joseph Paynton. The man found dead in Parramatta Park turns ont to be John Smith. One of the girls injured by the powder ex- ploBion in a house at Wiokham is in a dangerous conrition. The. powder bad been left in the grate by a former tenent. / \- The Mayor of Newcastle has drawn the attention of the Colonial Seoretaiy to tho foot .that Newoaatle was almost without polioe protection on Eight-hour Day. The body discovered in Parrmatta Park was identified through the description in the Stab, to be that of John Smith, 64 years, who had been employed in a nursery near Granville. Sir Thomas M'llwraith, tho Queensland Premier, ie alleged to be indisposed. The finanoial position is to be tho first pioo > of Government bneinoss undertaken. Mr. Euros will bo the undertaker. Stephen Riohardson, miner, was killed at Gympie yostorday by a fall of rock. A cave has been disoovered in M'Cullook's shaft, Broken Hill, the walls of whioh are lined with lead, carbonates and crystals. Serions gas explosion in Melbourne. Another, is expeoted in Macquarie-street, Sydney, this evening, when Parliament meets. At the Cowra Police Court yostorday, two men named "William Ryan and Denis Case were committed for trial for sheep stealing. A petition is being signed for the mitiga tion of the sentences passed by Judge Win- deyer on the Brookong shearers. There are about 300,000 faotories in the United States, employing 4,500,000 people. The value of manufactured products in the ' United States annnolly is j81, 600,000,000 or an exoesB of 12 per oent over Groat Britain. A branch of the Irish National Leag&o; was formed at Newtown last night, and subscrip tions taken for the Parnell Defence Fund. Last year the deposits in the savings banks of the United States amounted to over -£247,000,000. Tho Sydnoy carpenters' strike continues. The employers consider 9s Gd a day to the end of the year a fair oonoession. Heavy bail has been granted to the men charged with rioting at Wallsend. In Massachusetts there are two savings bank depositors to every family. In England there is one to every thirty families. The former is " Protection-ridden," and the latter ia enjoying that gloriouB system of Free- trade. At the half-yearly meeting of the share holders in the Bank of New Zealand, yester day, a dividend of 7 por cent, was declared and .£34,000 carried forward to next hulf- year's account. Mr. Stevenson, M.L.A. for Wollombi, ad dressed a meeting at Mangrove Greek yester day. The tender of Mixner, Shaw andDnnlop for the foundations, masonry, and brickwork of the viaduct railway at Melbourne to connect the Spencer- Btreet and Elizabeth-street tor- minii, has been oooepted ; £37,GG2 14s Id. At Qnirindri yesterday, Senior-Constablo Ward, stationed at Wallabadoh, was thrown from his horse and sustained a slight oonous- sion of the brain, and a broken leg. " Professor Brown, of the Agricultural Col lege, Ontario, has arrived in Melbourne. Anyone named Brown should bo woloomo to Victoria. Mary Joshua, of South Melbourne, has been foand guilty of letting daylight into Patriok Fahey, and remanded for sentence. A Hawthorn (Vic.) man lit a matoh to look for a gas leak. He is in a precarious oon- dition. Jndge Windeyer says there shonld be a law to prohibit oriminalB entering N.i.W. from the other oolonies. The Mnrrnmbidgee Light Horse have been noting as special oonstablea at WaggaWagga. 'The Sydney Lancers would mak good police- men. They can eat. Two seamen of tho ship Carleton, from Liverpool to Sydney, wore injured through heavy seas at Wollongong, and admitted to Sydney Hospital yesterday. A successful leoture on Owen Eoe O'Neill was delivered in Newtown Town Hall last evening, by the Rev. M, Wright. Tho various, competitions at the Elite Skating Rink hast night wore highly success ful. A man named Bluff got six mmths yester day for picking pookets on the North Shore Bteamers. The game of Blnff . A Redfern pullet hoe laid an egg-shell about 3£ long and as ronnd in proportion, inside of whioh is on ordinary sized egg. It was laid too late for the last oleotion. The Eandwiok residents want an entrance to the Centennial Pork. From tho race course to the Dead-house. The case against S. M. M. Dennis, late postmaster at Gonlbura, for alleged embezzle ment, was continued at the Goulbnrn Ciromt Court yesterday, and bod not oonoluded wbon the Court rose. ' The Legislative Council of Jamaica has passed a vote of oondolenoo to Lady Mus- grave. Real Jamaica. The Queanbeyan Times has been sold for £245 nnder a Supromo Court writ. This comes of not knowing how to libel legally. Around Queanbeyan tho weather is very dry, and bnBh "fires are blazing. At Campbelltown Quarter Sessions yostor day there was no oriminal business, bu. jurors were brought there just tho same, a proceeding whioh tho jndge characterised ai an injustice. City improvements, to the extent of £2500, will be recommended for adoption at the next meeting of the City Connoil. An intercolonial Sunday School oonferenco Bras opened in Melbourne yesterday. portion of the olothing of Captain Cnssen, pearl-heller, was found by a diver. It is supposed the captain was eaten by a shark. The only toast drank at the Parliamentary dinner last nl'gbtwaa the health of the Queen. They weren't Vtain about tho health of hon. .members,' The net profit of tbeBaukof New Zealand 'for tho half-year was OKnnnnr, : souroes aggregate £2,7t>.®>®®®' being £500,000 -more than the previous ha.ff-year- POt-SoUvd Benjamin, of N.J2-' has .had his pocket picked ft .Melbouroo. Ben,amin ie evidently a vary young uiotjier, Lois Kong Meng, a high Chinese" mere.. af' has gone over to roe bankB of tho heaven..' Hoang-ho. He was 58. Viotor William Johnson, a nogro oooh and Domain prowler, was sentenoed to six mouths yesterday for annexing the purse of a druu'k The Governor's speeoh olearly shows that the Parkes Ministry haB no more than a muddy idea of what legislation it intends to bring forward. The Governor's speeoh makes distant reference to a looal Government Bill whioh will be 'dragged in towards the olose of the session. The Salvation Army contend that one per son parading the streets, and followed by a crowd, will not oome within tho moaning of that part of the Wollongong Munioipal by laws referring to prooeBsions, One member of the 8alvation Army, playing a cornet, paraded the Btreets of Wollongong «m Saturday night, and was followed by a crowd. Tho Inspector of Nuisances has lai I an information against him. We slmil ' think ho wonld. Cornet-playing is a orim whether committed in a baok yard or a public fitreot. I. 