The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; Since our last remarks under this head portions of the coast districts have received a little rain. On Monday night the metropolis had a steady fall, and some of the suburban gardens were much benefited. On Wednesday morning rain was falling at the following places : —Casino W,„* m singleton, Maitlnnd, Port Stephens, UHadnlla. Bombala, Mount Victoria, Coonabarabran, and Dnbbni' tiHMiiajority of the other stations the weather was cloudy or DENILIQUIN, JUNE 2 Last month was a favourable one for the district fro grazing standpoint. Nearly two and a-half inche* -fom.a fell, aud that quantity nearly totalled that which was''11 corded from the beginning of the fear to the end of Anwi' This month has opened welL Rain fell yesterday and »V morning to the extent of 32 points, and there is everv pcarance of more before the weather deS* ibe appearance of the plains is completely A«n!!i from what it was a month since. LuxurW feed has taken the place of the aterilitva^i barrenness of the latter end of April, and all descriptions f stock are rapidly recovering from the poverty indued through the scarcity of grass during the early p'art 0ffh year. The lambing is progressing satisfactorily and on ! several of the local stations, more particularly down 'toward Moulamein, it is over, and the marking is far advanced An averago of 84 is reported from some paddocks high as 89 in others; but until tile full' retard are in no idea can be formed of the 'general result. It is certain, however, to be above th I ayeragc. The losses this year were comparatively nominal9 I and as the season has taken 6uch a decided turn for the I better, it is unlikely that the numbers now living will ha ] reduced except by natural causes. The stock movements I through here are becoming more numerous, but they are I not nearly so great as they were at this time last year. The I back counfTy returns do not promise any great increase I until about July or August. The river at Deniliquin rose 1 about 4ft. after the rain a fortnight ago, but has again fallen 1 to nearly summer level. ] FORBES, Juke 2. I In tho early part of the week we had some very severe I frosts, but no rain. Yesterday morning broke verv dull I and cloudy, and last night a shower of rain fell, but'it was I scarcely enough to lay the dust. To-day, all signs of rain 1 have again cleared away, but it is not so cold. Stock are I in the primest condition, and all that is now wanted is a 1 good soaking rain to keep alive what green grass there is I Business is just about the same as last week ; but the 1 stock market seems to be rather active for this time of the I j ear, some of our local agents having effected 1 some very good sales during the week. The | farmers in this neighbourhood are all busy ploughing I but owing to the continued dry weather, the ground is very I bad. The river seems to be rising, 60 that there must have I been good rain up above to cause such a fresh. The lamb- I ing is still going on pretty extensively, and there is lust I enough green grass for the ewes to rear their lambs. The | following lots of stock Lave crossed the commons duiin°- the I week : — 200 head of store bullocks on the 25th of May, from I Towyal Station to Burra Burra, N. A. Gatenby owner, J. I M 'Donald in charge ; 66 head of mixed cattle, on tbo 26th | of May, from Narandera to Yarrabundrie, Thomas O'Brien I owner, J. O'Brien in charge ; 6000 weaners, on the 29th of I May, from Towyal station to Burra Burra, N. A. Gatenby I owner, Adams in charge ; 72 head of cows and bullocks, on I the 30th of May, from Condobolin to Bathurst, the Hon. I George Lee owner, Richard Dennis in charge ; 1520 head of 1 mixed cattle, on the 1st of June, from Bourko to Albury, 1 Warmall and Green owners, George Wall in charge ; 12,000 I mixed weaners, on the 2nd of June, from Uar to Tyree I station, Bogan River, Pastoral Company owners, John 1 Fogarty in charge. I GRAFTON, June 2. I Dry weather, dusty roads, and empty tanks are still the 1 principal troubles. There have been several light frosts, I but none so for to hurt tbe sugar-cane. Old residents pre- 1 diet a dry, hard winter, and present.appearances indicate that 1 the forecast is likely to be verified. Ploughing is being I carried on where tbe ground will admit of it, in order to be I prepared for early maize planting. The maize now in the 1 barns is considered to be the soundest, best coloured grain 1 produced here for many years. The itch among horses 1 shows no sign of clearing away with the approach ot winter, 1 as many thought it would. I near it is how found on many 1 of the horned cattle on one station, and it is therefore to lie ] feared it will spread through the whole of tho herds. It ] soon cuuses loss of condition among the cattle which con- I tract the disease, and this makes it a serious matter to those I who own fat stock. | /f 1 U-KT TWVPO A I nimju, ubiib i, ? The weather here still remains dry, and farming opera- I tions are almost at a standstill. In this district at this time I of the year tbe wheat crop is generally sown, hut this year I scarcely any has been sown vet, ana if this dry weather I continues it will soon be too late for wheat. We are now I approaching midwinter, and as yet we have had no miser- I able weather, the days being bright and cool, with heavy I frosts at night. No rain of any consequence has fallen here I since February last. The grass everywhere is burned up, I and there is no strength in it whatever ; still bush stock do I not look so bad at present, but the outlook for stock during I the latter end of the winter is far from encouraging. Several I bush-fires have occurred in tho district lately, but have I now been extinguished. The roads are now in good older, I but are very dustv. I GOONDIWIND1, June 1. I Crossings during May : — 7th : 37 horses from Prawbelle I station to Albury, Shaw and Co. owners, Cobham in charge. I 11th: 800 bullocks from Lambton, travelling south, J. 1 Burn owner, John Dacey m cnarge. zist : zu aorses uuui Brisbane River, W. J. Moore owner, Marsh in charge. 22nd: 2G horses from Cooranga, M'Donald in charge; 490 bullocks from Brisbane River to Musclebrook, W. Moore owner, M. J. Marsh in charge; 847 cows from Cooranga to the South, Scottish Australian InvestmentCom pany owners, J. M'Donald in charge. 29th: 675 bullocks from Natalbin Btation, travelling south, A. A. wrigui owner, Waldron in charge ; 693 bullocks from Cooranga, Cadcll in charge ; Scottish Australian Investment t'0™' pany owners, travelling south, for sale. Feed and wate plentiful on the stock routes, but grass very dry. No ra of any account for tho last three months. Weather, brig and warm days, and frosty nights. Stock all in good con ditl0n' GOULBURN, June 5. j The drought has not fairly broken yet. 0a^atar.®£ i afternoon several heavy showers fell, but although fta. , j ing weather has prevailed since, no rain worth speax „ i hasf^lleD* HAY, June 4. j There has been very little change in the gather o a favourable nature during the past fortnight. No fallen within 40 miles, although grass has made a go start it will not come to much unless we soon get mo » the frosts generally being pretty severe *his month. has been in good supply in most of the holdings m trict, and stock have fared pretty well for food, f grass from the summer has been more abundant than years past. The outlook, however, is not any thi S ^ 1 ltwas this time last year. Lambing is newly Vtffiere the ewes have been kept near wafer th pe ^ j \rill be fair. Scarcely any stock are movrog j only one lot having passed for over a week. ^ rrw0 of 1 lots held for sale as soon as the clip is taken ? j the largest stations in the district are announc auction-viz., Bnllobogie, 16 miles ftwn ' ^ Kerarbury, about 30 miles distant. The p. bv Mr. J. M'Gan, some four or five years ago, to ^ Wentworth for £440,000. The run is to be rty auction at the end of the year. Kerar ry, vajuable j of Messrs. M'Leay mid Clarke, is also nt polders holding, and has been in the hands of to P frontages j for about 30 yeare. Both properties their to the M urrumbidgee River, which grea y i value' INVERELL JCN-B^ The weather is Utterly cold, entertain^ morning. Rain is much needed, and country on aA ] that we are about to have a dty W' 1® r. ce. 1 sides wears a dry and unsatis: ^ ° gjANDR JuyE j The weather has turned ^ feUen erery da/ I lastfortmghtmoreorlessrainanden frost at nigM' 1 during the last week, with fogs mstead ^ wa8 expen- 1 The snow has not fallen in such qu djfferent changes i 1 enced this time last year, and , ^ fai]en. up *° 1 temperature have caused all W ^ much-defied 1 thaw shortly after its desc-mt, roakin„ started j* I IL M the ground is still very hard after the in experienced during the summer If protracted divmgo ionth a good extent of ground will and oats, though the late cropseuffered be sown in most places. Mr. J. M. Lett, so |Tat present threshing a crop of oats grown in AiTS is ttmiing out the beet sample of grain ever in the district. MANNING RIVER, June 4. „,v „,ofl-her this district is still exceedingly dry, and T nrna7te of the district the want of water is beaming in many ^ hor8es in the bush are suffering, 'ffie to travel far for this necessary of life. MOAMA and ECHUCA, June 2. The week has been showeiy, tut not cold, and crops and un making rapid progress. The present prospects of f^Jfand agriculturalists are vety promising. Owing ^^mDrovements on the stock routes, large numbers of tot sheep and cattle are daily crossing to Victorian aarkets. MUDGEE, June 3. Vannere and pastoralists are crying out for win, andun w™ have a good downpour this week, matters will be ^Lius indeed for the termer class. As yet very little TiShuig has been; done for the next wheat- crop, which Si have been sown in May. PORT MACQUARIE, Mat 31. The weather, for this season of the year, is exceptionally . gnd farmers and pastoralists are anxious for a fall of wjuch would do a large amount of good. Water is nine very scarce in some localities, and feed for stock is fv no means plentiful. The winter has now fairly set in, «nd we have had several sharp frosts, but the days are beautifully fine and warm, and very agreeable. The { mere have had a splendid season for gathering their crous which have been very good indeed. Most of them have already garnered their maize, and are now preparing their land for next season's crop. WAGGA WAGGA, June 6. The fall of rain during the last few days, amounting to about 40 points, has hiid the effect of considerably mi rroring the appearance of the country. The days are now bright and 6unny, while sharp frosts occur at night time. 