ON KING ISLAND. (BY A FIELD NATURALIST, IN THE Australasian). King Island was named after Captain G. P. King, Governor of New South Wales, relations of whom are at present residing near Melbourne. In those days His Excellency caused a printed sheet of observations in Bass's Straits to be made, which, according to Labilliere, is now in the British Museum. This sheet sets forth that the south point and reefs of King Island were seen by a Mr. Reid in 1798, which can hardly be correct, because it was not until December the same year that Flinders and Bass, during their memorable voyage, proved Tasmania was an island. Therefore, had Reid actually seen " the south point and reefs " of King Island, he would have most certainly also noticed the great westerly ocean swell, and that Tasmania was not joined to the mainland of Australia, as it was then sup- posed. It is published that in 1800 Captain Grant, coming from England, via Cape of Good Hope, en route to Sydney, passed eastward through Bass's Straits, discover- ing Cape Otway, King Island, and Cape Schanck. A careful study of the brave captain's voyage shows that he kept close to the southern coast, and while dis- covering Capes Otway and Schanck, no mention is made of King Island, nor was he far enough south to observe it. It was not until January, 1801, that a small brig named the Har- binger (the second vessel that ever passed through Bass's Straits), from the Cape of Good Hope, commanded by Captain Black, who, keeping a more southerly course, made Cape Otway, and, standing across to the southward, discovered an island lying in the centre of the west entrance of the Straits, which Captain Black named for the first time King Island and after- wards passed through the centre of the Straits. The month following another brig named Margaret (Captain Byers commander), from London, sighted King Island, being the second vessel that did so. Lieutenant Murray (who discovered Port Phillip), in the surveying vessel Lady Nelson, was the first person who landed on what he called Governor King's Island. On the 11th January, 1802, the Lady Nelson anchored in Sea Elephant Bay, which was so named on account of "a great number of sea elephants of an immense size lying asleep on the beach. On Elephant Rock, which was about one and a half miles in circumference, there might have been 6,000 or 7,000 seals of different sizes " Lieutenant Murray over- hauled and surveyed the whole of the eastern coast, and returned to Sea Ele- phant Bay on the 17th. His report was:—"Of the advantages to be derived from this fine island I shall say but little ; the plain truth is to be seen in this journal. It contains plenty of wood and water. The woods are full of animals, and excellent of their kind. The shores are lined with fine oil"—Murray no doubt alluded to the great herds of seals from which oil could be obtained—"and this part of the island has two good bays in it, well sheltered, from all dangerous winds that I understand blow in this country. . . . . It is proper to observe that I named this last-discovered bay the Bay of Seals, from the number of those animals on the shores of it, and the rocks on the outside of this bay Seal Rocks." The same year, and following close upon Lieutenant Murray's heels, the French discovery ships Geographe and Natura- liste, in command of Baudin, anchored in Sea Elephant Bay. Subsequently, vessels on sealing expeditions visited and worked the great seal rookeries or breeding grounds on King Island. About the beginning of the forties saw the advent of the wallaby hunters and huntresses, who came from the mainland (Tasmania), and led a Bo- hemian kind of life upon the island, which ever since has been visited by num- bers more or leas. As many as 40 hun- ters have been known to be on the island at once. Probably the numerous wrecks that girt the island from time to time added materially to the profit of marsupial hunting. The great marine disaster—the loss of the Melbourne emigrant ship Cat- araqui and 400 souls, save one—in 1845, at once gave King Island a world-wide notoriety. About 1859, Messrs. Robert Phipps Turnbull, of Melbourne, stocked a portion of the island with cattle and sheep. This attempt ended in utter ruin, on account of an indigenous tare or vetch of a poisonous nature growing luxuriantly on the island. This the stock rapidly ate, the sheep getting fat on it, while cattle became like Pharoah's lean kine, both the sheep and cattle becoming crazy, and dying off in a season or two. Horses fare a little better. When "touched" with the weed they become light- headed too. Sometimes, on coming to a bit of scrub, they will dash frantically through to a fallen limb, and will carry their rider high in the air, as if clearing a five barred gate. The obnoxious wood or tare is of the pea family, and botanically known as Swain- sonia. It has the usual compounded leaves, and is a finer constructed and smaller plant than the ill-famed Darling pea. The flower, according to the age of bloom, varies in colour from a rich purple to pinkish purple. It is a beautiful sight on a fresh morning to see the side of a hill ablaze with the colours. An odd variety is sometimes seen bearing a pure white flower. In 1867 an attempt was made to float the "King's Island Grazing Company," with a capital of £10,000 in £20 shares. The whole island was rented from the Tasmanian Government for £200 per annum. It was intended to stock the island with 5,000 young ewes and 150 rams as a basis of operation, but the scheme, for want of enterprise, fell through. The island was than secured by Mesars. Woods, Gregory, Draper, and Giles, a Ballarat firm. Cattle were shipped in great numbers from Belfast, but the poisonous plant was too much for them. What few were brought back to Victoria were in a terribly emaciated condition. The remains of the station, wire fencing, etc., are to be seen on the Yellow Rock Rivulet, on the north-west corner of the island. A well-known marine captain en- deavoured to stock the south part of the island with sheep. Notwithstanding great care and perseverance, the poisonous weed again prevailed, and, after spending and losing about £10,000, the enterprise collapsed. All that returned were re- ported by the ketch Windward at Mel- bourne last month (December), viz. :— 2 horses, 70 sheepskins, 1 bale wool, and 1 dog. Thus ends all attempts to pas- toralise King Island, and to undertake further endevours would be worse than useless, until that terrible herb, with its high-sounding title, Swainsonia lesserti- folia, can be checked or totally eradicated. This might be performed by firing the plants early in the season before the pea has matured. Last year the island was inspected, and a report presented to the Parliament of Tasmania, with a view of throwing the country open to selection. It contains some excellent land for culti- vation, but it should be imperative that the coastal scrub remain, as a natural breakwind against sea breezes, which shrivel up cultivated vegetation as if frost-bitten. King Island, excepting bays and points, is in tho form of a great oval, lying north and south, about 35 miles long by 11 to 13 broad, containing about 275,000 acres, of which 90,000 are approximately es timated by Mr. Surveyor Brown to be good land. Tho physical features of the island, from a picturesque point of view, are genorally dull and uninteresting, but may not be from an agriculturist's stand point, the coast-line as a rule being low, with rocky shores, alternating with sandy and shingly beaches. Above high-water mark grows saltbush (Atriplox) and pig faced woed (Mesembrianthemum) in great patches, adorned with crimson flowers!' Then occurs a succession of sand dunes, covered more or less with familiar coastal herbage, such as spinifex grass, rushes, smoke-bush (Catocophalus), etc. ; suc- ceeded by hills covered with scrubs of various density, consisting chiefly of coast ti-tree (Leptospermum), boobyalla (Myo- porum), banksia. prickly and other acacias, native currant, (Oraspedia), native hazel, kangaroo bush, etc., overgrown in many places with bluo-gums (Eucalyptus globu- lus). The hills at Whistlor Point, on the north-west, aro about 200ft. high, trend- ing away inland, somewhat parallel with the coast,; they gradually ,rlse 100ft. or 200 ft, moro, terminating on the south east coast in Mount Stanley (named after the late Captain. Stanley, who marine surveyed the island in 1872-3), 700ft. abovo sea lovel, tho highest point of tho island. Tho interior in many parts is low and swampy, and so thickly clothed with timbor and undergrowth that, with tho oxception of one or two of the rosidents, -none have ever crossed it from east to west. It would have been a great boon had Mr. Brown run a survey line across the centre, from Currie Harbour on the west to Sea Elephant Bay on the east. ! Tho' sight of tho Field Naturalists' head- quarters camp was fixed on a clean, well grassed, and mossy flat, near tho mouth of the Yellow Rock rivulet(north- west corner of the island), in an amphitheatre of ancient sand hummocks, clothed with thick scrub, and sheltered from winds and weather. Im- mediately in front was a horseshoe-shaped billabong of the rivulet, with thoroughly wholesome water. This proved to be the most convenient position to make explor- ing excursions in sections to different parts of the Island. Just above the camp the rivulot meanders through rich flats with marshy lagoons, where are re- mains of two dilapidated huts and a woolshed. On those flats a species of lucerne-an imported plant-was growing most luxuriantly and abundantly, in places choking out everything else, and reaching 3ft, and even 4ft. in height. It makes excellont fodder for stock, and is spreading rapidly over many ,parts of the island. Leaving camp for northwards, inland about a mile or two, a string of several lagoons are passed, the largest (about 30 acres in extent) being locally known as Bob's lagoon. Country open, fairly grassed, and trefoil plentiful. Continu- ing to the big lake, the country still appears open, of a sandy soil, grassed, patched here and there with miserable scrub, and protected from seaward. with sand dunes of about 100ft. elevation. The big lake (now known as Lake Dobson, after the Hon. Dr. Dobson) is an exten s!ve and fine sheet of water, in the north corner of tho island. Nearly everywhere a depth of 30ft. of water, may be found, which is quito fresh. At certain periods game is abundant on it. Its waters per colate through the intervening sand hum- mocks on the west side, near the sea shore, where is a series of never-failing springs, some in peaty moss covered soil, others flowing over flat stones. A quantity of stuntod timber, fit only for fuel, sur rounds Lake Dobson. Immediately north of the lake is a large block of land, which Mr. John W. Brown, who lately made a flying survey of tho island on behalf of tho Tasmanian Government, estimates is suitable for settlement. Part of tho Capo Wickham Lighthouse reservo is fenced'in, and'contalns ridges and hollows, with acres'of tall waviug native grasses, the stock they support being perfect pictures for condition, demonstrating what tho land is capable of when the tares are kept in subjection ; while nearer and about the quarters is a thick turf of English grass, which is fast extending into the native element. South and east of Lake Dobson is country known as tho Reedy Flats- about 8,000 acres in extent-of a boggy, peaty nature, growing reeds, tussocky grass, nettles, thistles, etc., with at intervals ti-tree (Melieuca) swamps and water tracts. From the, flats through to the east coast and right down to Sea Elephant River may be , chaiactorisod as poor worthless country, subsisting dwarf manna gums (E, vermilis), wretched scrub, small banksias, heath patches, belts of ti-troo (two species), and long low sand ridqes of short bracken, and so on. South of tho estuary of the Sea Elephant Rivor, about tho middle of tho cast coast, the nature of the country at onco improves, as evinced by fine bluegums and a ranker growth of bráckens. Proceeding south next comes Blowhole and Spencer (after Professor Spencer, Holbourne University) Creeks, flowing through fairly good country, of a dark sandy nature. Some splendid alluvial soil of oonsider able 'area commences at Fraser River. sústaining a heavy forest of large blue gums. This tract extends inland mid southerly through to Mount Stanley. The forest comes to the edge of "The Wall," vertical cliffs going down into tho the sea, between Point Oampbell (southern point of 'Sea Elephant Boy) and Bold ,Head on tho south. In addition to blue gums; the forest comprises good market- able blackwood and othor acacias, sassa fras, musk, mountain,ti-tree (Malaleuca), giant bursaria (Elaeocarpus), etc, besides other smaller scrubs. Two species of tree-ferns (Dicksonia) are numerous in many gullies and watercourses, which, are full of other varieties of smaller ferns. The best blackwoods, and sassa-' fras were observed in the vicinity of Fraser River, not the Fraser River indi cated on the Admiralty charts, which should be Blowhole Creek, Fraser River' being two streams further south. Wo wero unablo, for want' of time, to visit tho south part of the island,'of which Mr. Brown reports:-" Somo good, land, suitable for cultivation,, occurs in tho vicimty of the lagoons, ' but up to tho present time little has been done to im prove it, but the introduced grasses aro taking hold, Clovor, trefoil, 'meadow fescue, rye, and othor grassos are said to hold their own, whilst pótatoes, turnips, mangold, tomatoes, etc., do well about the homestead." ; The homestead has since been deserted. Some of tho best land for cultivation was observed about and north of Ourrio Harbour, in the Porky Creek and Lagoon district, 'in character it resembled the best bright markot-garden patches, of a rich dark sandy nature, supporting the remains of an ancient forest, interspersed with native hazel, belts of Melaleuca. and other shrubs, grasses, and strong growth of bracken in parts. This tract of excellent land probably extends right through to the other coast, to the Son Elephant Bay portion. Of the Porky d¡strict, Mr. Brown again says :-"It is well adapted for settlement, thousands of acres of medium-class land, well watered, partly open,' good timber, and in proximity to Currie Harbour, the shipping placo." '.After leaving the good country of Porky district, and 'between it and our camp on tho Yellow Rock rivulet, is a strip of open forest land, with flats fairly grassed, thick bracken, and low scrubs in places. This track , is backed up inland , with heavier forest, while on the coast are the usual sand hummocks, more or less clothed with almost impenetrable scrubs, culminating at Whistler l'oint. Between Porky Creek and Whistler Point many running streams are passed, notably Pass River and Eel Creek. Thus it has beon endeavoured to givo a casual and necessarily brief outline of the character of the island ; but from this, or in fact, any description, no idea can be formed, except by actual exporionce, how terriblo are the scrubs so peculiarly the island's own, and how extremely difficult locomotion is rendered by the thick, stub- born, supplejack-like undergrowths, where is hiddon a completo network of dead fallen timber- as many man-traps. Men- tion must also be made of the remarkablo large tracts here and there of silent dead eucalypt forests, as evinced by the regi- ments of huge, blanched, gaunt tree barrels left standing. They convey a weird and melancholy aspect to the sceno. It has been reported that bush-fires have been tho destroying agency, but some people aro of opinion that insect life, or, moro probably, local movement of earth ' and consequent root decay, are at the bottom of tho evil. King Island, as a wholo, although inter- esting botanically, does not reveal many novelties in that line. About two miles seaward fiom Yellow Rock Beach are the New Year Islands, two islets connected with the main island at Whistler Point by a lino of reefs. Tho islands, which aro granite bound, for the most part,, are covered with short close horbage, so dense in places that one could walk ovor the tops with ease. Tall rank turnips, cabbages, etc, were growing whoro thoy could get a footing, It, appears years-ago Chinese fishermen lived on the 'islands, and, true to his universal habit, John reclaimed the wilderness, for his cabbage garden, houoe, the reason why the degenerated vogotables were seen. The population of King Island, in- cluding lighthouse-keepers, their families, and a few hunters, at tho timo of tho Fiold Club's visit, stood thus :-Men, 15 ; women, 6 ; and children, 22 ; total, 43. All appeared to enjoy cxcellent health, and to-be contented, considering they only have regular intercourse with the outer world three times a year-February, June, and October - when the Marino Board, Hobart, despatches a vesssol with oil and stores to replenish the lighthouses. Tho climate generally, being insular, is salubrious, and would make a splendid sanatorium. 'The cold south-wester bites sometimes, but Victoria's " brickfielders," if they ever reach the island, are fully 20 degress or moro lower, being tempered by the intermediate ocean space. The aver- age rainfall per annum is about that of Melbourne, namely-27 inches. With the exception of tinned meats, wallaby flesh is almost exclusively used as animal food by the inhabitants. A pig is now and again captured ; they thrive well, and are now running wild over a largo part of the island. Two years before the first lighthouse was established, or in 1858. a submarine cable was laid between Vic- toria and Tasmania, but soon became un- workable, and was abandoned. A shore line of about l8 miles crossed King Island extending from Cape Wickham in the north to Telegraph Point, Sea' Elephant Bay, on the east. The old track was dis cerned on the hills, and a large post yet remains at the Sea Elephant River. ' Mineralogically speaking, the island appears poor. We powdered samples of various outcrops of quartz-reef which proved barren. Several attempts have been made to discover minerals. A sensa- tion was created some years ago respecting a reported discovery of gold, which turned out to be a hoax. In the south are indi- cations of iron. Round stones of almost pure iron have been found, and small rubies may be washed from the sand of the Ettrick River bed. I shall conclude at this time by pointing out the shipping plaoes, which are- Yollow Rock Beach, on the northwest, sheltered by the New Year Islands, where a vessel can lir securely almost any day of the year ; Currie Harbour» where a good boat pier has been built ; and Sea Bay, on the south. Sea Bay is protected from westerly weather by a long neck of land terminating in Point Stokes, named after Captain Stokes, an Admiralty surveyor, who relieved Cap- tain Wickham (after whom the north point of tho island is named) in 1831 on the Australian station. 