CIITIINGS AND SHAVINGS. A shocking case is reported from Goulburn, N.S.W. The remains of c newly.-born infant wore found in a paddock, after having been exposed for about a week. The arms, neck and part of theo breast had been eaten away by dogs or pigs, and it is im possiblo to say whether the infant had been violently treated. A marine brake wan recently tested on the Seine. It consists of a cable having attached to it a series of canvas cones which open out by the action of wator, and exert an enormous retard. ing force on the vessel. The steamer Corsair, running at a speed of 13 knots, was stopped by this appliance in seven seconds, 34 seconds being re quired when silo stopped by reversing tho engines without use of the brake. At Tanga, neal Begs, N.S.W., a man named Thos. Shepherd, an old resident of the district, was buried alive in a shaft about 15 deep whilst prospecting The unfortunate man was working bo low when a shaft which ran through sandy soil gave way, and the whole surface caved in, completely smother. oing him. A large number of men immediately set to work to remove the fallen earth, and expect to recover the body. An elderly woman named Bridget Yates was found dead in her bed at Arncliffe, near Sydney, last week, under circumstances which led to a suspicion that her death had been caused or aided by ill-treatment. The inquest was con- cluded on Wednesday, when a verdict of manslaughter was returned against Jane Carlston,- the stepdaughter of the deceased. Tihe sub.inspeolor of police at George. town, Now South Wales, has wired to tilh commissioner of police that a carrier named Jae. Walsh shot a carter named Owen Kilday on the night of tile 13th inst., at Georgetown. It seems that a row occurred over an old debt, and Walsh got a revolver and shllot Kilday through the head. Walsh was arrested. A fearful bushfire is raging on tile Macquarie River, thirty miles front Warren. Over a thousand sheep were caught in the vicinity, and it is expected that they will all be lost. Many miles of fencing have already been consumed. It is believed that Buttabone and Mount Harris stations will suffer terribly. The extent of the fire is not known as yet, but forty miles of frontage to the Mac quario River is said to be burned. Frank Ellaw was charged at the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Wed nesday, with assaulting a constable some five months ago. The prisoner knocked the constable down, anld whilst on the ground kicked him until lie was ren dered insensible. He then jumped upon him until the blood spurted from his nose and cars. ?oe then left fur Bris bane, where subsequently he was ar rested and committed for trial, bail b, ing refused. Tie constable, although five months have elapsed, is a complete wreck. A case of revolting cruelty to a child came before tile Central Polico-court, Sydney, on Wednesday, when Thomas M'Cormick was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for ill-treating his niece, a girl seven years old. The chiill was one mass of bruises, and it was shown that the prisoner had been used to place " Rough on Rats " about tohe house, and on one occassion had mixed tile poison with jam whlic hle had put in ltle way of the clhild. The brig Oakenbury, Captain Mat thews, from Mauritius for New Zealand, with a cargo of sugar, put into Fro. mantle in a disabled condition oil Tues. day. Shloe left Mauritius on June 27. The weather was changeable, and on July 21 she encountered a severe storm, which inflicted serious damage upon tile ship, carrying away the the bulwarks in several parts, staving in the main hatch, washing away a small boat, and inflict ing other injury. The ship was hove to for 48 hours, when the wsind moderating ohe was steered for Fremantle. Sthe encountered more rough weather, and about a fortnight ago ran short of pro visions, and the crew lived for three da.ys on rice. A revolting case was brought before Messrs. Rowe and Longstaff, J.P.'s, at Shepparton on Wednesday. An old man named James M'llgh, who has for two or three years been living in a but on tilhe bank of the river, stood charged with criminally assaulting a child named Charlotte Wells, only seven years of age, and was remnlled till Tuesday. It setms that the Wells children were in the habit of going to M'Huglh's place with food, and oiln Tues day the gorl Charlotte iwent there and remained for so0me time. A girl named Robbins was passilng, and hearing a child crying, opened the door, and saw M'lIugh committing the climinal offenco. Informatioin was conveyed to the police, who had the child examined by a doctor. The medical man found that the capital olnioce had been coal mitted. The prisoner is an ehlerly man, and nearly blind; altogether a most wretched lookilg object. The case is exciting much public feeling. A terrible accident occurred on Wednoesday morning at Bourko, N.S.1Y. The day had been set apart for a public holiday and children's picnic, and nearly every child in the town assembled at 9 o'clock in the morning, and marched to the Bul. abong bridge, where a conveyance was waiting to convoy them to the picnic ground, about three miles down the river. After a short delay the chlil dred were all stowed away in lorries, carts, vans, waggonettes, buggies, &c.;, and the procession net out for its des tination. It had gone about halt a mile wlheon tihe tilmber frame round one of the largest of the lorries carrying a lnumber oh girls broke, precipitating many of the occupants out. Tllre of the girls were killed on the spot, anil soveornl othera were serioisly inoured, while about 10 or 12 other clmldron oero mnoro or less hurt. As far ns can be learnoed, the three girlsn killed are alomed 'Carthly, Power, and Payno. One or Otsco loorenre drlnoroernslo injured. All of them were conveyed on a lorry to the hospital, where Dr. Bides had mado, ns far ns possible, provision for them. It is reported that another suffeorer has succumbed, but the roeport is not yet authenti cated. At the last nreizes in Corsica two men named Rncchini and Nicolni were convicted for a long series of murders and attempted murders which had for many years spread terror throughout the district of Sarteno. RLacchini, whou was only 24 years of ago, was charged with having murdered a man named Tafani on the 4th of January, 1885; with having on the slt of Juno in the Rame year shot a young girl named Jeannette iMlilanini, who had rejected his advances; and with having on the let of June, 1887, corspired with his father to murder two gendarmes. Ieo was further charged, in conjunction with the other prisoner Nicolai, with wo other murders ofgendarmes, while Nicolni was charged on a separato indictmeut with having committed two other murders. The jury found both irisoners guilty. 