COUNTRY NEWS. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) ALBURY, MONDAY. A man named James Mullany was accidentally killed by falling into a bank excavation 14 feet deep, near Walbun- drie. A proposal has been received on behalf of Mr. Pulsford to deliver a lecture on free trade, and show the fallacy of the suggested policy of retaliation. The offer is likely to be accepted. BERRY, MONDAY. The weather has broken. Rain commenced last night. 62 points of rain fell in nine hours, and there is every appearaee of its continuance. BLAYNEY, MONDAY. A coroner's inquest was held to-day on the body of John O'Loughlin, shot yesterday. A. verdict of accidental death was returned. BOWRAL, MONDAY. Mr. George Fleming was duly elected alderman to fill the vacancy caused by Alderman Newmarch's resignation. A protest was entered by the other candidates at the nomi- nation. Dr. Newmarch was presented with a massive gold watch, valued at 70 guineas, on Friday last. The weather is dull, but dry. BRAIDWOOD, MONDAY. Sir Henry Parkes has signified his intention of visiting the district on an early date. Upwards of £100 have already been subscribed towards the expenses. The committee in- tend driving him round the different parts of the district, and finishing up with a grand banquet. A very heavy thunderstorm passed over the town on Saturday afternoon. Nice showers fell. CAMDEN, MONDAY. Light showers fell last night and this morning. About 60 points fell at Westbrook and Theresa Park, a few miles from here. The fruit trees in the district look well and promise a fair crop. DUBBO, MONDAY. Universal regret is expressed here at the death of the Right Hon. W. B. Dalley. The weather has become cool again, but there are no signs of rain. Bush fires are very frequent. The Lands Office Inquiry Board complete their labours on Wednesday, and leave for Orange that day. 2560 acres were selected last week. The Dubbo Roller Flour Mill has been successfully floated here. Great surprise was expressed at the result of the cham- pion boat race. DUNGOG, MONDAY. Matthew Burnett's mission here is a great success. One hundred and twenty pledges were taken and 260 blue ribbons issued. GOODOOGA, MONDAY. A slight thunderstorm occurred on Saturday, and a light shower fell on Saturday night. The weather has turned cool and cloudy. A fearful bush fire has been raging on Boorooma all last week, and on Saturday another started on the west bank of the Culgoa, on the boundary of Gnomery and Brenda, and is now out on the Queensland border towards Woolerina. It is impossible to approach it, the grass is so high and the country scrubby. GOULBURN, MONDAY. The employees in the Permanent Way Branch of the Southern Railways held their annual picnic to-day at Lake Bathurst, The weather was delighttul and the holiday passed off satisfactorily in every way. A heavy programme of sports was gone through, and a ball in the evening, in the Academy of Music finished the proceedings. Over 2000 persons were present. A bush-fire broke out on Henderson's Estate, adjoining the lake, during the day, and when the train left it was raging fiercely. GRENFELL, MONDAY. The price of flour is advancing. Hay is almost unobtain- able. Small stocks are being held by settlers for fancy prices. The weather is unchanged. The outlook is gloomy. KIAMA, MONDAY. A very successful flower service was held in the Anglican church, Kiama, yesterday afternoon. Light rain commenced here yesterday afternoon, and in- creased during the evening and last night. This morning some splendid showers fell that will do immense good. A proclamation recently published in the Government Gazrtte extends the provisions of the Dairies Supervison Act to the County of Camden, which will necessitate the registration of every dairyman and milk vendor within the limits of the county before the 1st January next. As the administration of the Act devolves upon the municipal bodies where such exist the Kiama Council will probably take some action at its next meeting. The definition of a dairy- man in the 16th section of tbe Act is somewhat ambiguous, and therefore it is doubtful whether the provisions of this enactment will apply to the class of dairymen carrying on business in this district, who neither sell nor supply milk, but convert it into butter. The goods train now leaves North Kiama station at 5 p.m. daily (Sunday excepted), and receives as much sup port from the dairymen as could be expected, considering the inconvenient position of the station. Considerable surprise is felt here at the result of the great champion race on Saturday. LLSMORE, MONDAY. At the preliminary meeting of the Reserve Rifle Corps, 28 took the oath of allegiance.. It is expected that the full complement will be made up during this week. The foundation-stone of the Masonic Hall was laid on Saturday by W. M. C. E. Taylor assisted by the officers of the lodge and visitors. The ceremony was largely attended as also was the banquet in the evening. The hall will cost £1500. At a meeting of the conference of delegates from the pro gress associations on Saturday, resolutions were passed that the bonus on paddie-melons and wallaby scalps be raised to 4d. ; that public meetings be convened with the object of inviting Mr. Dynock to visit the district with regard to dairying and butter factories, and that inquiries be made with respect to tbe repeal of the Dog Act as applied to the country districts, and that it was advisable to establish local markets for the sale of produce. It was further resolved that the conference should urge upon the Government the necessity of eradicat- ing noxious weeds in county Rous ; that the directors of steamship companies trading with the district be requested to make better provision for the protection of butter from the heat of the sun; that the establishment of an agency in Sydney for local produce be considered; and that a deputation, in reference to the Richmond bar and other matters, should proceed to Sydney on November 10. The Lismore Agricultural Society has decided to give money prizes in all sections of the forthcoming show. The weather is cloudy and sultry. LIVERPOOL, MONDAY. Mr. John Nobbs, member for Central Cumberland, visited Glenfield on Saturday. The various wants of the district were pointed out to him, the principal ones being the removing of the railway siding, the clearing and form- ing of a road to the platform. and repairs to Camden-road. In the evening Mr. Nobbs was entertained at dinner at the Cross-roads Hotel, Alderman T. W, Taylor presiding. The member met with a good reception. MURRUMBURRAH, MONDAY. The weather is very dry. The crops and grass are being burned up for the want of rain. Stock is in fair store condition. NARRABRI, MONDAY. The tenders of Charters Brothers, of Narrabri, have been accepted for the conveyance of mails for the following lines:-Bourke to Wilcannia, Wilcannia, to Wentworth, Wilcannia to Waanaring. A large bush fire occurred yesterday at Killarney. The fires destroyed two miles of fencing at Tibbernish last Friday. NEWCASTLE, MONDAV. At the inquest on the body of the child Caroline Brimble, killed on Friday night on the Steckten Coal Company's line, the jury returned, a verdict of accidental death, and added the following rider :-" We wish to add that we con- sider it would be advisable that the whole of the Stockton Company'* line should be fenced in, so as to prevent such accidents occurring in future." Rain fell at 7 a.m., and continued at intervals all day. It is now fine. ORANGE, MONDAY. Mr. A. H. Chambers, who has held the position of manager of the Union Bank since its establishment here about 12 months since, left to-night for Queensland, and was entertained at the Royal Hotel by a number of friends prior to his departure. PICTON, MONDAY. Mr. George W. Webster, manager of the local branch of the Commercial Bank for the last eight years, and who has recently removed to Paddington, was on Saturday presented with an address and purse of sovereigns on his departure from the district. A rifle club has been formed. Mr. G. Bradbury, J. P., was appointed president, and Mr. G. B. Forster and Mr. M. Wild treasurer and secretary. The drought still continues unbroken. There are no signs of a change. Bush fires are raging all over the dis- trict. The outlook is gloomy in the extreme. A public meeting was held on the 29th instant to decide what steps should be taken to obtain an adequate supply of water for the town. Mr. J. M. Antill, J.P., provided. A petition will be presented to the Minister for Works. At present the inhabitants are mainly dependent for their supply on what can be spared from the railway works. WOLLONGONG, MONDAY. Yesterday morning the weather changed, and last night steady rain set in, Lasting all night. This visitation is most acceptable, as the country looks parched, and great scarcity of water, is reported from various localities. There is every appearance of further rain. The committee of the Agricultural Society are busy pre paring for the poultry and flower show next month. A large number of entries have been received from several poultry breeders in the metropolis, and the show bids fair to be a great success. Several forged notes have found their way into local banks to-day, as well as one spurious sovereign. 