BROKEN DAM. (FROM A COBBESPONDENT ) FRIDAY, April 13. Ploughing operations are in a partly suspended state, owing to the want of rain. Things are only passable just now, but we hope for the best. If we do not get rain soon, everything will assume a serious aspect. As nearly the whole of the district has been laid waste by the recent disastrous bush-fires, scores of miles of fencing has been burnt and everything wears a blackened aspect. A disease has broken out among horses in this neighborhood, and at present no one 6eems to know what it is. Already 10 deaths have occurred, the losers being—Mr. Fisher of Ellerslie, three valuable horses ; Mr. Hales, two; Mr. Shanan, one valuable draught mare ; Mr. Macauly, one; and three belonging to Ariah station have succumbed to the disease. The horses seemed in perfect health and fed well three hours prior to their death. It was my intention to give your readers a somewhat lengthy description of the many picturesque homes of the selectors in this locality, but I must refrain from so doing this time, as I got astray in the bueh, and pulled myself up at dusk at Mr. J. Peadou's, Weardale Park, by his kind invitation to stay over-night, which I very readily accepted. In the morning I was shown around this really park-like homestead, and viewed hiB handsome draught stallion Young Honest Tom, together with some of his stock, which promise in every respect to make our animals worth breeding. I was also shown a splendid sample of wheat, an Indian variety known as Ward's Prolific, grown on new land last season, which averaged over 30 bushels to the acre. This is considered highly satisfactory, as only a little over bushel of seed was sown to the acre. It has a special advantage in not taking the rust readily ; it rrquireB to be sown in April, and is ready for the stripper in the early part of December. Mr. Peadon intends to put under crop this season about 25 acres of this variety. Dairying is also combined with the raising of stock, and judging from the butter the table Mrs. J. Peadon is no novice at the art of butter-making. This property k6 volumes how a small holding can be worked profitably. After being carefully directed I make a start for Coolamon, on my way to wkich place I visited the selection of Miss E. M'Cauly. The homestead stands on a beautiful little hill, the slope of which comprises about four acres of the choicest vines. Beyond this, on the flat, is a large cultivation paddock, thoroughly cleared and only waiting for the rain to be put under crop. Adjoining this property is Mr Dennis's selection, who combines sbeepfarming with cultivation ; but owing to the scrubby nature of the country about here I dared not venture off my, track to visit his homestead. The weather is sultry, with a high north wind blowing. 