-Maitland ScIentmc~Soriet£ Following is the paper read by Mr.W. Butter- worth, at the meeting of this Society on Tuesday last, on THE ROTH EUA. The rotatoiia or rotifera, commonly known as wheel-animalcules, derive their name from the Latin word rota, a wheel. They have received those names on account of the apparent rotations of certain disc-like ciliated organs which surround the mouth. They require water for their development, although they are occasionally found in the cells of mosses and damp weeds. They are as a class microscopical, but some few of the larger forms can bo detected with the naked eye. This little group has been a great puzzle to syBtematists, and even to the present day there is no unanimity amongst thom as to the precise place in creation which the wheel-bearers should occupy. The main question of dispute at presentís, whether they arc moat closely allied to the worms or crustaceans. Dujardm regards them as belonging to the infusoria. Professor Huxley maintains that they form a connecting link between the echmoderms (sea urchins, &e.;,) and the nematord, or thread worms. He groups the lower annulosc together under the name of annulorda, in which ho includes owncZtcîcs, or worms of various kinds, the cefcinodcr maia (or spine skins, among which are the starfish and sea hedgehogs), and some other families. He considers the rotifera to be " the permanent forms .of echinoderm larvo." This does not mean that they were ever produced by echinoderms, and their development checked, but that they resemble them in organisation, and illustrate a general law, obser- vable in animated beings, namely, that the lower creatures are like the imperfect stages of higher animals, and that all things are formed according to general principles, and exhibit a uniformity of plan. Mr. Gosse adopts a different view, and while admit- ting a connection between the rotifera and the worms, adduces important reasons for associating them with the insects. Loydig endeavours to show that on various anatomical and physiological grounds they more nearly resemble crustaceans than worms, and proposed to call them ciliated crustaceans. We will now consider a few of the distinguishing characteristics of these beautiful and interesting creatures. The rotifera have usually an elongated form, and most of them oan elongate and contract their bodies, and are in most cases covered with a hard, smooth skin, generally of a whitish colour. The animal consists of a head and body. The body usually terminates with what till very recently was termed the tail, but which is now known as the foot, and into which the intestines are never pro- longed. The foot often terminates in a pair of forceps, bj which the animal can attach itself to the leaves or stems of aquatic plants. The head presents the characteristic rotatory organs, and the mouth, which always lies in the midst of them, so aB to receive the particles drawn in by the action of the cilia. It is by means of this cilia and rotatory organs that those which aro free swimming swim about revolving on their axis, or, when at rest, fixed to some leaf, and produce vortex- like disturbances of the water. The ciliated rotatory organs, unlike ordinary volatile .cilia, are «- entirely under the animal's control. ; ' ¡ \ The digestive apparatus differs very much in tjie two sexes, which are always distinct in tliese animals. In the female, the digestive apparatus is well developed; and, though differing in complexity, Is throughout formed upon the same principle, and that we will now try and explain. The masticatory apparatus of the Rotifers is usually called the gizzard ; but Mr. Gosse, who has done most to elucidate its structure, contends that it is a mouth ; and in some species it is frequently protruded, and used like the mouth of higher organ animals. Taking one of the most typical forms of this gizzard of notomata, and given by Mr. Gosse iu a very admirable paper in the " Transactions of the Royal Society of England," we may describe it, when completely developed, as consisting of three lobes, having a more or less rounded form. This eminent naturalist calls the whole organ the wastaa:, and states " that it is com- posed of dense muscular fibre." The tube which leads down to it he designates the " buccal (mouth) funnel," and the tube that issues from it, and conveys the food to the digestive Bac or stomach, lie calls the wsopliagus, in conformity with the nomenclature applied to creatures whose mouths aro in the usual place. Inside the mouth-gizzard aro placed two organs, which work like hammers, and which Mr. Gosse therefore names mallei. The hammers work against a sort of anvil, which is called incus. Each hammer consists of two portions joined by hinge joint. The lower portion or handle gives motion to the upper portion, which from its ' Bhape is named uncus, or hook. These hooks are furnished with finger-like processes of teeth, which vary in number. There are five or six in the best developed specimens. These hooks or teeth work against each other and against the incus or anvil, whish consists of distinct articulated portions, of which the principal are two rami,or branches, joined so that they can open and close like a pair of shears. These two rest upon the third portion, which is called the-fuZcruni. Mr. Gosse states that when an objectionable morsel has got as far as this mouth . gizzard, " it is thrown back by a peculiar scoop- like action of the unci, very curious to witness." Sometimes the particles swallowed by the rotifer, are large enough for their course to be traced, but there is frequently a great commotion and grinding of the gizzard, without any appreciable cause. In all the males that have been hitherto discovered, there is an entire absence of digestive organs, a ¡rudimentary pharynx being the most that is ever observed. The nervous system in the rotifera consists of a cerebral ganglion, with filaments radiating from it. No heart or vessels have been discovered. The respiration of the rotifers is supposed to be effected by the passage of water through vessels running round them, and_is called the "water vascular system." The spots very generally believed to be the eyes of the rotifera are mostly of a bright red colour, vary in number and arrangement and often disappear altogether in adult specimens. Thoy multiply by eggs, but a few have been seen tobring forth their young alive. They produce two distinct kinds of eggs, which are similar in their primary formation, but which differ in their ?ultimate destiny-namely, thin- shelled siunmer eggs and thick-shelled winter eggs. The young are liberated from the former immediately after the discharge, while in the latter they remairi in hatched during the winter weather. "? It was at one time thought that rotifers were hermaphrodite-uniting both sexes in one body but that idea is now abandoned, for in many species the males have been discovered. Their function is simply to assist the female in producing young ; and, as this can be quickly accomplished, their lives are short, very seldom of more than twenty-four hours' duration, and, as we said before, they are not supplied with gizzard and digestive apparatus like the female. Tho revival of some of the rotifera after dcsicca cation has long been known, and cited as one of the mysteries of low life. Doycre, a French naturalist, says that they will revive, that is, pass from a motionless state to one of motion, after having been exposed to a cold of 20 degrees below freezing point, or to a heat of one hundred and thirteen degrees Fahr.; that they preserve the property of reviving in dry sand up lo a temperature of 159 degrees Fahr.; but that they lose this property and remain immovable if warmed in moist sand to 131 degrees Fahr. Ho also says that he has seen them slowly revive after being dried without sand. Ehrenberg has given a most com- plete history of all the observations instituted on the so-called revivification of rotifers. He believes that, notwithstanding all the means of desiccation employed, life still remains in the apparently dead animal. He contests the hypothesis of latent life ; for death, he says " is not life in a torpid state, but the absence of life.' Fontana mentions that he succeeded in restoring to animation, after two hours' immersion in a drop of water, a wheel animalcule which had lain in a dried and motionless condition for the space of two years and a half. A friend of my own in England had a slide with a number on which he had often revived for over a space of seven years. We will now examine a few of these interesting creatures ¡ but allow me here to say how much I feel that any words of mine will prove utterly futile ia describing the beauties of these wonderful 1 creatures. I shall first of all divide the Rotifera into two classes, namely, free swimming and fixed. We will take the free swimming or independent. ones first, many of which are very common in almost all localities, and I shall mention a few as examples of the rest. Unfortunately, there are few populai names for these little creatures, so we must be content with adopting generic names. Perhaps no rotifer is more widely or extensively known than that which is figured in older micros- copical books as the wheel-animalcule, now known as rotifera vulgaris, and it is, I believe, the com- monest of all the species. The elongated body Ja terminated in its upper portion by a proboscis ciliated at the end, on which the two eyes are placed. The lower extremity terminates in a foot with two toes, and this foot is telescopic, one tube within another, so that it can be shortened or elongated. This rotifer sometimes remains at- tached to some plant for a time, when it can bo ex- amined with a microscope ; at other times it is very restless, and swims through the water very quukly Sometimes it is seen slowly moving along the stem of a plant, very like a caterpillar. His mode of travelling is as follows : Just above the foot is a small disc resembling a sucker; with this (and sometimes with the two toes) it fixes itself to the stem or leaf ; then extending itself full lengtk, it waves about, and at last attaches its probAls . then it draws up its nether extremity nearlyHthe head ; the foot is again attached to the sten^and the head thrust forward again to the extreme length of its attenuated body, and in this manner it makes rapid progress. In these movements it can be seen how, in contracting itself, the rotifer slides one joint into another, like shutting up a telescope. Whilst moving about in this manner the cilia is not in motion. Another kind of rotifer-the philo-dina.-belongs to the same family as rotifer vulgaris, and which it very much resembles, but it is usually of a stouter build, and carries the eyes in a different place. In the common rotifer these organs are situated on the proboscis, while those of the philo-dina are lower. The changes of form in this rotifer are still more remarkable than in the common wheel-bearer When resting it resembles a pear-shaped purse puckered in at the mouth. Then it thrusts out its tail-foot, swells its body to an oval globe, protrudes its feeler, and slightly exposes a row of cilia. After this two distinct wheels are thrown out, and as their cilia whirl and spin the animal is swiftly rowed along until it thinks proper to moor itself fast by the tail-foot, and employ all its ciliary power in causing currents t« converge towaids its throat, it travels like the common rotifer, by curving its back and bringing its head and tail iu contact with some object. Our next rotifer-Pt'eroAina-patina is a more complex creature, having its body protected by a covering like the shell of a tortoise, but as flexible as a sheet of white gelatine paper, which it re- sembles in appearance. Round the margin of this covering are a number of little bosses or dots. The cilia are not disposed in two separate and distinct discs but are continuous. Down each side are two long muscular bands, and when they contractée ciliary apparatus is drawn in As this contraction takes place, two apparently elastic bands to which the ciliary lobes are attached aro bent downwards till they look like the C springs behind a carriage ; when they regain their curva- ture, the cilia are again thrust out. The gizzard is three-lobed. The tail-foot can be withdrawn or thrust out at pleasure, in which also a spiral fiibre is easily seen. The Bracliionuz are a numerous and very charac- teristic family, with ashort,broad, urn-shaped body, and a long flexible foot. Their principal feature is the pitcher-shaped lorica or shield of the body, which is notched at the top into several projections. The lorica has also some resemblance to the shell of a tortoise, open at both ends; from the top an elegant wreath of cilia is protruded, and some slender spines, or stiff cilia, which do not exhibit the rotatory movement. From the large size of each cilium, they are very favourable creatures for exhibiting the real nature of the action, which gives rise to the rotatory appearance, and which can be easier studied than described. The internal arrangements of the brachiones are finely displayed, and they have a most aldermanic allowance of gizzard. When we are so fortunate as to see her settled on some weeds, with a gcod front view, wo get an excellent idea of her digestive apparatus. The prey is caught in her whirlpool, is carried down by a strong ciliary cur- rent to the gizzard, which may be often seen grappling with objects that appear much too big for its grasp. As soon as the food has passed to the gizzard, it is a^isted in its journey by more ciliary currents. The tail-foot in this family reaches the highest point of development. It is a powerful, muscular organ, of great size in proportion to the animal, and ' is also capable of complete retraction. It may be observed to indicate a variety of emotions, if wo can ascribe such feelings to a rotifer, and it answers many purposes. First, we see it cautiously thrust forth, and turned this way and that exploring like an elephant's trunk, and almost as flexible. Now it seizes firm hold of some substanoe> and anchors its owner hard and fast. A few moments afterwards it lashes out right and left with fury, like the tail of a cat in passion. Then again it will be retracted, and a casual observer might not imagine the braeburn to be furnished with such a terminal implement. j We come next to the fixed rotifers, and will examine a few as typical of the rest. First then comes Stcphanoceros. This rotifer reaches a length of one-fifteenth of au inch, so is Will, nple. j cate, ( [ clearly visible to the naked eye. In its adult con- dition it becomes permanently fixed on aquatic ' plants. The lower portion, which is attached, con- sists of a gelatinous envelope, like a transparent cylindrical case, into which the animal can retreat at will. When expanded, the upper portion which protrudes from the case ia terminated by five spreading arms, and these aro furnished through- out with long hairs, or cilia, which almost imper- ceptibly produces waves of motion from end to end* These expanded arms, with their cilia, form ti kind of network cup, in the cenïro of which, but at the bottom, is the mouth. Mr. Gosse says : "There is a manifest vortex in the enclosed area, for small infusoria approaching are presently drawn in and are driven about in the space. They can enter readily at all parts between the arms, but cannot get out; for if one approaches tho arms from within, it is seen instantly to bo shot back towards the centre. When once the prey passes down below the area into the mouth-funnel, which is formed by very contractile walls, a slight constriction takes place in the neck, which has the effect of forcing the monad down to the mouth of a capacious crop which lies all across the upper part of the body. Here a sort of swallowing motion is seen, and the prey passes with a gulp ^down into the cavity. Similar, but yet different, is another of the large rotifers which become permanently attached to aquatic plants. This is the Floscularia. There are several species, but the general appear- ance and habits of all are the samo. We will, therefore, take the Floscularia amata, as an exam; Like the Stephanoceros, this has also a delicate thin, transparent envelope surrounding the lower portion of tho body and the foot ; so delicate is this membrane that it is often to bo seen only with thei greatest difficulty. The principal difference whicht will become manifest is that the lobes or arms arid very short, and knobbed at the end. The long cik,¡a are clustered upon these knobs, from which tilley radiate in all directions. When the animal emerg gea from its case the lfebes become gradually separated, causing the hairs to fall on all sides in a graci eful shower, and when the process is complete t^hey remain perfectly motionless in five or six hollow fan-shaped tufts, one being attached to each li ¿>be. Some internal ciliary action, quite distinct fv-om the hairs, and which is not yet precisely unifier stood, makes gentle currents to flow towards í-bhe mouth in the middle of the lobes. ". The long hairs take no part whatever in f^e foraging process, and as they do not either prov 3, food or minister to locomotion they are clearly rl°B ? as was supposed by early observers, representatives of the " wheels," which the ordinary rotifers pfre sent. Neither can the cylindrical covering be jusjtly deemed to occupy the position of tho lorica, whiich we have before described. The general structure of the creature and the nature of its gizzard «his tinctly marks it out as a member of the family i we' call rotifers. Sometimes animalcules in the vicinity of floscules whirl about as if under the influence of cilia. Some may be seen to enter the space between the lobes, swim about inside, and then get out again ; at other times some will be drawn in too far to retreat. The last of the fixed rotifers which I shall here mention is meliccrta ringens. Here we have quite another type of tube-dwellers. I shall not here give a full and detailed descrip- tion of this rotifer, but will at some future time, if agreeable to the members, make it the subject of a paper. I will content myself with giving a very short description of its general appearance. It consists of a little tube of about 3'<r of an inch high, slightly widening towards the top. It stands up from the surface of the leaf ereot, being affixed by the base, the mouth being uppermost. This tube is of a dark yellowish or reddish-brown hue, and is composed of a multitude of round pellets, set very regularly in a sort of mosaic, apparently fixed by a cement insoluble in water. These pellets are made by the animal by a curious contrivance called the pellet organ, which he carries inside. When the animal is at work we see, pro- truding from this tube or case, a complicated mass of transparent flesh, involved in many folds, dis- playing at one side a pair of hooked spines, and on the other two slender, short processes projecting horizontally, then two large rounded discs are ex- panded, around which, at the same time, a wreath of cilia is seen performing its surprising motions. We will only notice one more of the Rotifera C'onocailus vorticella or Co)ioc7ti2us volvox. Those we have already examined have been either free swimming or fixed ; this one, however, may almost be said to combine the properties of both, for whilst being fixed or joined together in a colony they have the power of moving about, they are seen rolling slowly through the water, now rising, now falling, not by any sudden jerking, but gradu- ally and steadily, like that of a large body impelled by a combination of small forces. The groups some- times, consists of fifty or sixty individuals attached together by the extremity of the slender foot to a I common centre, from which they radiate in all directions, with the headoutwards. Each individual is bell-shaped, and resembles a wine-glas3 without its extended foot. The disc is large, and of two semi- circular portions, around which the cilia play in such active motion that the eye can scarcely distinguish the break in the circle. The number of animals lying over each other, if the colony be populous, is somewhat confusing. Some aro con- tinually shrinking up by forcible contractions of the foot or stem, others protruding out, or moving from sido to side, and sometimes we see them vomiting forth the flattened pale-yellow eggs which may be ready in the ovary. After a few hours' confinement in the live box, the animals will be seen to separate, and the communities break up. Each individual now floats about on its own account, with the foot shrunk up to the dimensions of a small nipple, and this end generally thrust foremost. This dissolution is but the prelude to an early death, the motions grow fainter and fainter, until they cease altogether, and nothing is left but a yellow indistinct spot to represent the once vivacious Conoehilua. In conclusion, let me say a few words on seeking for and examining the rotifera. When tho floscules or other tubicolar rotifers aro specially sought for, the best way is to proceed to a pond or lagoon where slender-leaved water .plants grow, and to examine a few branches at a time in a phial of water with a pocket lons. They are mostly large enough to bo discerned, if present, in this manner, and as soon as one is found, others may be expected, either in the same or adja- cent parts of the pond, for they are gregarious in their habits. Tho first glimpse will reveal an object of a brownish tint, stretching itsolf upon a stalk, and perhaps showing some symptoms of hair or cilia at its head. This is enough to indicate the nature of the creature. Both the floscularia and the stephanoceros only reveal their greatest beauties under very careful illumination. A direct light renders them invisible, and only when the requisite obliquity has been obtained does the exquisite character of their structure become displayed. The dark ground I illumination is very useful, and makes the ciliary action very distinct. Sometimes a view can be ob- tained, in which the cilia of perhaps a single tentacle are tall ranged like the steel springs of a musical box./ For a moment they are quiescent, and then th£y vibrate in succession, each moving thread sparkling and glistening in the light like delicato tkrlnds of spun glass. With a bad mode of illumination the cilia looks like stumpy bristles, and are oftoVu so drawn ; but precisely the right quantity of Bight coming in the right direction makes them /ipp¿íir not only more numerous, but also much logger than would at first be supposed. When well ['exhibited, the tentacles have a lustre .between glas* 3 and pearl ; the body, in a favourable specimen, is* like a crystal cup; and the food, usually coi nposed of small red and green globes, glows like esmeralda and rubies, as if in the height of luxury ''i'he little epicure had more than rivalled Cleopatra" 's draught, and, instead of dissolving, swallowed 4 its jewellery wholo. Follo-a(ying are Mr. Filraer's NOTES moN A CUßlOU* DISCHARGE OF ATMOSPHERIC j ' ELECTRICITY. At i/Jralla, on October the 29th, whilst standing withâa person who was holding a piece of gutta porclf ia covered copper wire, connected with about 800 /yards of insulated line wire (No. 10 galvanised iroiCi), erected on the ordinary iron i slegraph poles, 11/leard a flash of lightning pass from the wire, and sai ,v the person holding it fall over against the wall Q*)f the house near which he was standing. The j person struck soon recovered himself, and stated h that ho felt a very severe shock pass through his f chest at the back of his watch, down his left arm, " and into his hand, with which he was holding a cast r iron spout. This spout upon testing made a very good earth connection. The gutta-percha covered wire was held in tho right hand, which may have touched a gold chain connected with a gold watch resting in the breast pocket of the person's coat. This would explain how it was that the shock was felt in the chest at the back of the watch. No shock was felt in the right hand, and in all probability tho discharge took placo from the wire through the air into some part of the watch chain, j and along it to the watch. This would account for the noise caused by the flash, as flashes are not heard when they pass through a fairly good con- ducting medium, such as the human body or its parts. The sound of the flash was similar to that often heard passing between the line and earth wire plates of the Morse telegraph switch during thunderstorms, and not unlike that made by strik- ing an ordinary lucifer match. What is most curious about tho discharge is that there was not the slightest indication of a storm to be seen in any direction. The wind at the time, thirty-five minutes paBt ten a.m., was west by north and very light. The clouds were cirrus (mares' tales), moderately plentiful, and very high. The atmosphere was very hazy, like that generally seen in dry summer weather, and in all probability caused by smoke from bush-fires. The day was very hot, and there had not been much rain for some months. Circumstances seem to in- dicate that the discharge was a very strong one. The line wire referred to was the bottom one of six running on the same line of poles. The other wires were all in connection with Morse telegraph in- struments, and most of them were connected with an office within a distance of a quarter of a mile. I mention this fact because the top wires of a tele- graph line generally receive the greatest force of lightning discharges, they being the ones first struck ; and the fact of the office being so near, to show how easily the other wires could havo con- veyed a strong discharge to earth, although the in- struments in connection with them may have been intermediate ones, for even then it would not have taken much force (electro-motive force/ to haye passed through the space of air between the line and earth plates of the Morse switch, a distance of about the -¡\ of an inch. Again, the other end of the wire which was stiuck had about twenty yards of gutta-percha wire con- nected on it, and this wire was twisted tightly but temporarily round a railway signal post, which makes an excellent earth connection, and is now used as such in connection with an electric signal repeater fitted thereon. This would seem to indicate that a large amount of the force went to earth at that end of the line, as well as through the person who was struck at the other end of the line. The watch through which the discharge appears to have passed does not appear to have been effected, as it is still in good order and keeps excellent time. One fact, which may be of importance in explain- ing this carious discharge, is that the cast iron spout which the person was holding when struck was connected with a corrugated galvanised iron roof, with an area of about 250 square yards. This may have acted in some curious way as a condenser. I have been particular in mentioning what may appear to many to be trivial facts, with the hope that they may be of use in explaining some of the effects of lightning which our present knowledge is too scant to explain. I may here mention that one of the Scientific Societies of England, the name of which I at present forget, but think that it is the Royal Meteorological Society, is desirous of having any authentic infor- mation of instances of objects having been struck with lightning drawn under their notice; and I also think that it would bo a good mark for this society if its members reported all such cases, with as much information as came under their notice. 