T0GANMAIN. SATURDAY, March 17. (FROIF OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Yet another bush-fire 1 On Wednesday evening at dusk a light was seen about 16 miles distant on Olark and M'Leay 's ran. The night was calm, and it was at first, conjectureiTthat some traveller or rabbiter had li^ja fire • f' to boil his billy," but this illusion was soon dispelled, as the flames-rapidiy spread- till^he'sky assumed a blood-.red appearance jor, ra poijgiderable breadth-' The fire continued, to' blazfe-;fbrabout two hours, when it became less brilliant. At 11 p.m. the firmament had resumed its nBual aspect, indicating that willing hands had succeeded in getting the raging element under. One gentle, man, mounted, with tomahawk in hand,, rode swiftly for seven miles towards the soene, but wheeled about when he saw the flameslessening. The miniature battle-axe he carried was not meant, like that ancient weapon of war, to hack down foemen, but to nut , the wires of fences which stood in the way, for hereabouts, when the alarm of fire is given, people don't delay to ride round paddocks, but take a direct beeline, removing eveiy obstruction by using the above-named useful implement I have not yet learned the extent of damage done, but it was fortunate the fire got extinguished that night, for the next morning (Thursday) was ushered in with a north-westerly hot wind that blew a gale up to 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when it suddenly changed and blew equally strong from the sonth-west. The thermometer registered lOldeg. in the shade at noon. Dense clouds of dust swept along, which at times was quite blinding to persons outside. Not only fine dust, but sand and tiny pebbles rattled against the windows. One strong gust blew in a window of a private school, which hit a boy (Boberfc Curran) rather severely on the head and left a big bump there. Of course there was some screaming, but. fortunately the lad was more frightened than hurt, although he confessed to it being the hardest thump he ever got inside the school, the master never having dealt him such a quickening blow. The sky was overcast the most part of the day, and people fondly anticipated a fall of rain as the result of the fierce winds and the high temperature; but no such luck 1 As soon as Boreas left off blowing, the south-westerly, took up the tune, and very soon cleared the heavenB of every watery-looking cloud. Two inches of rainfall now would be of more service than loin, later on. There are whispers of a movement being, set on foot to petition the " powers that be " re the 360,000 acres of forfeited selections .which the Minister of Lands wishes to hand back to the leaseholder. I don't know if anything (will come out of it, but this much I do know, viz., that the selecting mind is boiling over with indignation and rage at the illeg&i;, unjust,' and inquitous proposal to withhold these forfeitures from re-selection, and allow the squatter to have the use of the same at a nominal rental. People aver that it is illegal inasmuch as it Is contrary to the spirit of the present Act; It is unjust to hundreds who have been waiting take them up afresh, and thus secure a home on the land for thetr families. It -is sai^the squatter does not need thepi, he having enough land already, and in hundreds of cases far too much for the growth of population 'ahd the welfare of the country ; that he has tooclaim upon them; that be will not put them fo such good use aB the selector and farmer' can; and that a sturdy, thrifty, intelligent -yeomanry—the backbone and sinew of a nation, and the real producers to boot—are being debarred from settlfement 'oathfeTJOiL It is also asserted that the attempt to overrule the decision of the Privy Council is a' daring'piece fet Arrogant presumption which obly a deapot te capable of. Even those who willingly overlook or condone the charge preferred by Mr. Dibbs,:will never forgive the action of Mr. Garrett in locking hp from settlement so much valuable land, 