EXTENSIVE BDSHFIRES. * 'The summer of 1887-88- was 'singularly free from those fires which annually destroy so much property in the hills but the present month , late in Autumn as it is, will figure prominently as that in which occurred one of, .the u rations :: whiohii baa 'fy6jJft^^i6Ya/ata.\\-Ba property in the Mount Lofty Ranges. Daring Thursday; April 26, large volumes of smoke were visible to residents in=the flifcy,;f Appa rently the 'fire raged rin: the- hillflibear the Torrens Gorge. In the' evening1 tie spectacle from the plains ' was' exceedingly ' brilliant Late at night we dispatched' a representative to the scene. The vicinity of the fire was reached in the eariy; hours' Of the morning, and we were able*to 'ascertain .some facts as to 'tne marvellously- rapid spread of the dames. Tho origin of the fire is at present mystical, ; It is said, however, that it Btarted early on Thnrsday on the property of the late Sir'E.-p, Rossat Highercbmbe, ? ^Very few hocsfs are in -that neighbourhood, and before my men could get to the fire, it had started on its deetrnctive march towards - the Gorge. Ab soon 88 they got'ont ,of the' Highercombe property thelfiames took hold, of. the well ?ra*E'e'd paddocks belorigiirg to' Mr.'' J. !S. Duncan,' At tha same time ttiey^preadin the ether direction on to the estate of Mr. Price Uanrice, who has besn particalarly unfor tunate in respect to laige fires-jEnltife \Mf\s. At about 3 o'clock the.fire''fdurid'XtJ track' across the. river at the Gorge, aid came down the gully eo rapidly that the large.nmnber of men engaged in checking its advance had ; to beat a hasty retreat.- -MfanwHil^; the, fire gained ground in other, directions. Mr.-Xevi's land was. caught, and, the ^fire' went in the- direction of Montacute, As 'tbe evening approached Mr, A. . Amber's -. property was ' attacked. The - men, armed ;- with huge boughs, did not; - attempt to ,beat back the flames, but cleared a track some distance froni the fire, and burnt towards the larger conflagratiop. By 11 o'clock they seemed to have the fire under control, but without the slightest warning a myriad! of BparkB were' blown from the Big Hill to S&garlcaf; / Hill ? acroBS tbe , valley, which ' at this place is about 8 chains wide. The un equal battle began anew. For a time Mr. Amber was assisted by some of his neigh bonrs, but no sooner did. they become con vinced 'that the flames would noo spread beyond . certain limits ., than tbey . went home. Mr.. Amber, was left with five men to . cbmbat;, a . wall of flame hundreds of yards long. -The little army struggled gamely for two or three hours and then gave up in despair, leaving the Sugarloaf Hill to the mercy of the enemy. By 3 o'clock the flames had ascended the valley;, but on the crest of the hill their wild career was checked by a wide dray track, and' long before day light no more danger was expected in that direction, The men had a terrible fight. The bills where the. fire raged. are remarkably precipitons arid ragged, and had it not been that the moon was full the flames could not have been coped with at all .after sundown. In the direction of Montacute the fire waa not so easily extinguished. A strong wind bore onward the flames which were still raging at dawn on Friday. It ia likely, however, that the conflagration will not be allowed to extend far beyond its present limits. Grand as was the spectacle viewed from the city, those who were fortunate enough to get closer saw a magnificent panorama. As the fire approached the base of the various hills it left behind a charred black ground dotted with smouldering stumps and embers, which in the distance bore a striking resemblance to a starry sky on a dark night. The fringe of fire, miles long, was most brilliant. When coming to a belt of timber the flames would leap amongst the branches as if the treeB were purposely kerosined, and would then tower 10, 20, and even 30 feet above tbe topmost limbs of the highest trees. And some grand old trees were devoured. Ancient gums, shea oaks, wattles and peppermints, green as they were, were destroyed. This of itself means an enormous loss to the holders of property. The gums were especially valuable, fora large number of posts and rails are made during the Black season of the year. The exact extent of the damage will not be known for Borne time. Miles of fencing have been damaged. The greatest Iobs, however, was the destruction of an enormous supply of fodder. The paddocks, always well grassed, had an unusual growth during the past season, the grass in many places atill being from 3 to 5 feet high. Hundreds of acres of this valu able feed only served to expedite the course of the flames. A large) number of sheep were known to be on Mr. Price Maurice's property, while Mr. Amber had some forty or fifty cattle and horses grazing. So far as is known none of the stock has perished. Fortunately the country devastated by fire had never been actually cultivated, so that no orchards or xaaiket gardens felt the effects of the fire, although it approached dangerously near Borne market gardens at Athelstone. Alto gether the fire must have covered between .2 and 3 square miles of country. We learned on Friday morning that the fire which was visible from the city on Thursday nighthad extended from the north to the south bank of the Torrena, it is on the south side of Highercombe, and, with a north wind blowing, has aot spread to any pro pert? on that estate. The : injury ttose is very alight, ,; as there is no feed about, and the fire is merely clearing the scrub. Any Iobb that, may result would be doe only to the destruction of fences, and this would be trifling, owing to the fences being chiefly of wire. A big fire has been raging in the Deep Creek', on the Adelaide ride of the Forest Eange Diggings, for several days, bat it is rather improving than in juring the country. Troopers have not been eent to do anything in the matter. ' .._ 