NEW SOUTH WALES IN 1819. At this period of the colony's existence, when we are just recovering from the effects of the prolonged celebration of our hundredth anniversary, anything relating to the early days of our history is of special interest, and we are indebted to Mr. J. M. Antill, of Pictou, for a copy of the New South Wales Official Almanac for 1819, from which much valuable information is to be gleaned as to the state of the colony at that youthful time. The book, which is of small size, contains 56 pages, printed in a rough but legible type, and it is issued by Mr. G. Howe, Government Printer. The calendar for each month, in addition to giving the times of sunrise and sunset, and other astronomical information, imparts a quantity of interesting information with regard to the usual state of the weather during each month. For instance, we are informed that on the 8th January there will be lightning, and probably hail, and between the 10th and 16th January, that " pleasant showers correct the insalubrity of the atmosphere." From the 9th to the 12th February frequent changes of atmosphere require that the weather should be watched. In the early part of March frequent showers and heavy rains may be expected, and the Batisfacfactory information is given that at this time of the year the days will be pleasant wheu fair. This month also requires caution against floods, and the grub is likely tc be troublesome. June is considered a healthy month, and in July persons of delicate constitution are warned to watch the weather, as it is liable to sudden change. In August fo°s are prevalent, and the rapid exhalation of the vapour is as smoke from a chimney." August is thus described:—" A delightful season, and may truly be called our spring commence* rnent. The fields re-decorate, and mild ami gentle showers are agreeable as beneficial." It would appear that even at this early time sharks were beginning to make their disagreeable presence felt in the harbour, for ta October readers are cautioned :—" This is the time to begin bathing for the season, but in salt water be not too adventurous, for the brood of sharks is here very prolific." November is the harvesting time, for the laboring clases are thus advised :—" Brush up your sickles, lads and lassies, for a ripe harvest is before IT " (sic). December is a month in which frequent squalls occur, similar to those felt near the Cape of Good Hope. Following this original weather almanac is a complicated tide-table, by means of which, after a series of elaborate calculations, the state of the tide may be ascertained. Probably some complaints had been made in previous years with regard to the difficulty ot understanding the said tide* taMe, for in the preface the author finds it necessary to point out that a very short investigation will render it <=asy to the least patient examiner. A li-;t of the Civil establishment is given, ard also the names of the nine ministers who were then sufficient for the religious needs of the colony. There were 11 magistrates in those days, as well as five at Hobart; and the army list comprised the 48ih Regiment of toot and the Royal Veteran Company. The almanac contains much other interesting information, aud concludes with a number of useful household recipcs. MB. IVBBSON'S CONCEBT.—Mr. Iverson's annual concert takes place on 2nd March. ALBURY RESERVE COBPS.—The next efficiency parade of this corps will take place next Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock sharp. HUME FARHEBS' UNION.—A meeting of this body takes place on 3rd March. ALBURY RAGES.—We publish elsewhere the list of nominations for the princ'pal handicaps at the Albury annual races. ALBUEY LAND BOARD.—A meeting of the Local Land Board will be held at the Courthouse, Albury, on 21st February. TRAGEDY AT COBOWA.—Elsewhere will be found full particulars of a fatal shooting case which occurred at Corowa on Friday. STOCK MEMO.—Mr. Holmes, of Bungowannah, has purchased the thoroughbred horfe Yabba from Mr. W. Turner, of Stony Park. AFFILIATION CASE.—At the police court on Friday, in the case of Bye v. Byres, an order was made for the payment of 7s. Gd. per week for 12 months. MELBOUNE CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION.—Mr. G. E. Mackay has been appointed to the New South Wales Commission for the (Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. To COBBESPONDENTS.—" W. C.," Warmatta. —Thanks for your contribution, which, however, is scarcely up to the mark for publication. " J. F.," Grenfell.—No. 1 tank contains 605 yards ; No.. 2 tank contains 1020 yards. THE WEATHEB.—After several very hot days a change took place ou Sunday night, when a thunderstorm and heavy fall of rain took place. At Albury the total was 1*7210., but at Brown's Springs 4in. was registered. In some parts of ihe district the fall was only trifling. ACCIDENT AT YACKANDANDAH.—Whilst following a funeral on Sunday, Mr. David Lee, of Kiewa, in jumping from a buggy, the horse of which had boiled, sustained a compound fracture of the tibia. As there was a fear that mortification would supervene, the leg was amputated at the calf at the Beechworth Hospital on Monday. BREACH OF STOCK. Acr.—At the police court on Friday the Inspector of Stock proceeded against several stockowners for failing to send in the retnrns required by the Act. In some instances the defendants having forwarded their returns, were ordered to pay the costs. Several cases were withdrawn. Henry Reues was ordered to pay 4s. lOd. MB. G. H. LETHBBIDE.—We regret to learn that Mr. G. H. Lethbridge, formerly sheriff's bailiff at Albury, has had to submit to amputation of the leg. He had been suffering for some years from the result of an injury sustainhd by a fall from a horse, aud latterly the symptoms became so serious that amputation became necessary. The operation was performed on Tuesday. SMALL DEBTS COUBT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases were dealt with: —E. Zwar v. Schilg, claim for £6 for goods sold ; verdict for plaintiff. Same v. Miosge, claim for £1 Is. Defendant admitted the debt, but pleaded a set-off in the form of a coutra account lor £l 7s. for hire of a sausage machine,- &c.; Verdict for defendant. Same v. Patrick Walsh, claim for £1 12*. 31; verdict for defendant. PRIZE FOB WOOLSCOUBING—In the recent competition for scouring at the Centennial Exhibition, the prize was awarded to Mr. G. F. Sugden. The wool belonging to Mr. A. Sloane which took first and second prizes as being the best scoured, was prepared by Mr. Sugden as well as the bale which took the Centennial champion gold medal. Mr. Sugden has thus beaten all competitors iu his particular line of business. MOTION IN FAVOR OF PROTECTION.—Mr. H. Copeland has given notice of his intention to move on the 6th March the following resolution :—" That, in the opinion of this House, moderate import duties on such agricultural productions aB can be grown in this colony, and all articles which can be locally manufactured, would tend to bring financial prosperity to the colony, and give profitable employment to many, of our present unemployed mechanics and the working classes generally." ROAD EMU PLAINS TO COLOMBO.—Mr. Gormly has received the following letter :— "Sir,—In reply to your personal representations urging immediate action in reference to the opening of the road from Emu Plains to C jlombo railway station, I have the honor to inform you that the plan of Eurvey has been but very recently received, and is already under examination with the intention of proclaiming the road as soon as possible.—I have, &c.;, STEPHEN FBEEMAN, for the Under Secretary." THE LOCAL OPTION VOTE.—TThe balloting under the local option clause of the Licensing Act took place on Saturday last, and, so far as the representation of general public opinion was concerned, the affair was somewhat of a farce, only 21 persons voting. The voting under Division A was : 7 in favor of new licenses, 10 against. In Division B the numbers were 11 for and 6 against the removal of licenses. The result, therefore, is that new licenses may not be granted during the next three years, but existing licenses may be removed. CASK OF DROWNING AT WAHGUNYAH.—A sad case of drowning happened at Wahgunyah on Saturday afternoon, the unfortunate victim being a young man 23 years of age, named Thomas Simpson. He was bathing at a dangerous point of the river with two companions, when a strong rush of waters carried him off his ieet. He was unable toswim, and his mates could not rescue him. The police and townspeople were dragging the river and using explosives during the whole of Sunday without success. The body, however, was recovered on Monday. HoBSE . ACCIDENT.—'TWO lads met .with a rather eerioiis - accident in Dean- street -oh Wednesday. One of them, named Andrew Ormiston, in the employ of Mr. Parker, ttaB riding on horseback, when the other—a little boy, son of the Rev. Canon, Acocks—got up behind him in order to get a ride. The horse, unusued perhaps to carrying double, became unmanageable, and ran into one of the elmtrees on the north side of the street, both boys being thrown off, and sustaining very severe bruises and cute. NEW PATENTS.—A patent has been granted to an old resident of Albury, Mr. Geo. Sloman of Granville, for an improved screen and elevator or conveyor for attachment to winnowing and other machines for cleaning grain, the essential feature of Which is the combination with an archimedean screw or conveyer of a circular screen or casing or perforated woven or interlaced material. A patent has been applied for in Melbourne by Mr. Henry Hay, of Collendiua station, Corowa, squatter, for " Im provements in apparatus for tightening and binding up the slack of fence wires;" dated 24th January, 1888. THE COST OF WATERWORKS.—A Wagga telegram says :—"During the course of the speeches which the aldermen made while returning thanks after re-election, reference was made to the discourtesy shown by the Government to the Wagga Borough Council in the matter of waterworks, the Government having failed to reply to letters sent by the Council requesting to be informed of the cost of a scheme,for which theCouncil would have to pay. They state that a rate of a shilling in the pound is not sufficient to pay the interest on the excessive expenditure of the Government on these works, which the Council is led to believe will cost .£40,000 instead of .£20,000, as suggested by the Government when the works were commenced." SALE OF LAND ON THE COMMON.—In the Legislative Assembly on the 9th inst., Mr. Garrett, in reply to Mr. Day, said : 1. The plan of a large area ofjand which had been surveyed on the temporary common at Albury was expected from the District Survey Office in the course of a week. It auction sale be approved, the sale would probably take place at the end of April or beginning bf May next. 2\. The papers respecting the removal of the survey office and land board from Albury to Wagga Wagga were required in connection with the report bf the board of inquiry as to reorganisation of the land board and district survey offices at Wagga :.Wagga. When this matter was disposed of, the return ordered by Parliament would he felt once furnished. A NEW WHEAT.—The Victorian Minister of Agriculture has received a report from'Messrs. Graham Bros., of Netherby Vineyard, Rutherglen, upon their success with some Mexican wheat supplied by the Department. From the original quantity, of 20lb. they ohtained six bushels of grain, which was again sown on 12 acres of new ground, at the rate of halt a bushel per abre. The yield frota this was 20 bushels per acre ; but Messrs. Graham state it would have been much more but for the wet season and the low character of the ground. They state that the grain is firm, round, and white, and that it matures 10 or 11 days earlier than Port M'Donnell wheat. Other varieties of wheat grown on adjoining land under similar circumstances only yielded about 12 bushels per acre. We notice that this wheat 'is now on sale by Messrs. Graham Bros, of Netherby, Rutherglen. THE GUINEA-STREET BRIDGE.—It is high lime that the approaches to the Guinea-street railway bridge were fenced in. A few days since an sccident occurred to a man who was riding across at night-time, and in the darkness went over the embankment, horse and all. But for extreme good luck, this mishap would hive bad a fatal termination. The erec'ion of this bridge was supposed to have been for tbe protection of travellers crossing the railway, but under present conditions it is a moot point whether the bridge or the level crossing presents the greater peril to the traveller by night. Ia this connection we may point out that tke portion of Guinea-street between Divid and Young streets being now a main thoroughfare, ought to be put in proper order with as little delay as possible. It is to all intents and purposes part of the main Sydney-road, and as such should be made fit for all kinds of traffic. STOCK MOVEMENTS—1475 merino ewes and 20 rams from Manus to Howlong, Robt. Doubleday ; 885 merino ewes from Ten-mile Creek to Cumberoona, Andrew Hore, jun.; 40 fat bullocks from Bungowannah Park to Melbourne market, John Grieve ; 30 fat bullocks from Cumberoona to Melbourne, John J. Hore ; 200 merino wethers from The Oaks, Goombargaua, to Corowa, A. A. Piggin ; 700 merino ewes from Wodonga to Mullengandra, Robert Hatch ; 683 fat merino wethers from Tplgarno to Albury market, J. Conness ; 600 ewes and lambs from Talgarno to Albury market, W. H. Ferguson ; 265 merino wethers from Bethanga to Albury market, George Richards; 1500 store bullocks from Queensland to Victoria, various owners; 145 tat and store cattle from Victoria to Albury market, various owners; 7500 fat and store sheep from other districts to Albury market, various owners. INSOLVENCY MEETING.—A meeting was held on the 9:h inst., before the District Commissioner, in the estate of G. R. M. Collins, juor. Examined as to the cause of his insolvency, insolvent deposed : I got into financial difficulties owing to the dishonor of some promissory-notes of Allan M'Vean, by which I lost £546; M'Vean has since filed iis schedule; I bought 2900 sheep from Mr, Etlghill, and 5600 from my father ; these two lots cost me £2508 I gave a stock mortgage to C. L. Griffith and Co., who backed me in the transactions; Griffith and Co. sold these sheep under the stock mortgage, as they have informed me, at a heavy loss ; I have received no account sales fiom C. L. Griffith and Co, but they say that I owe them il800, and I filed my schedule to get rid of that liability if I could have realised 53. per head for the sheep sold, I could have paid 20s. in the £; the sheep were sold in June, .1886. There was no proof of debts, and the meeting then closed. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for the insolvent. A LIBERAL SUBSCRIPTION.—Some few months ago a police constable named Crawley met with a serious accident while stationed at Ournie. It appears that whilst skinning an opossum he accidentally cut himBelf. Inflammation set in, blood-poisoning supervened, and ultimately one of the unfortunate man's arms had to be amputated. Crawley being thus incapacitated for further police duty, a good deal of public sympathy was aroused on his behalf, and it took a very practical form. Senior- Sergeant M'Guffie, of Albury, opened a subecription-liat, collecting in a short time £83. Senior-conBtable Coveny obtained nearly £60 at Germanton, and several others were proportionately successful, the total collections amounting to £335 4s. The Government has also awarded Crawley £101, and we understand purposes providing him with some situation in which he will have the opportunity to earn a living in spite ot his partial disablement. CHARGE OF LARCENY.—Two lads named Joseph Selby and John Selby were brought before the Bench on Tuesday on a charge of stealing a tomahawk and a wedge, the pro perty of Edward Whittle. The prosecutor, who is a woodcarter, deposed that he had been camped on the common, near the dam, cutting wood ; the defendants were also camped near tbe same place ; on Saturday, 4th inst., witness missed a wedge and a tomahawk from his tent. Edward Tregoning, a boy engaged in woodcutting, who had been camped on the common at the date of the'alleged offence, deposed to having seen a wedge and a tomahawk stuck in a log at the place where the two defendants were working; witness asked John Selby who owned the articles, and he replied, "Ned Whittle;" after hearing of Whittle's loss witness went to where defendants were working, and found the tomahawk, which he put in a bush ; on subsequently going with Whittle to get the tomahawk he could not find it. In reply to one of the defendants, witness Baid he could not swear to the tomahawk. The case was dismissed. A MIDNIGHT ROBBER.—A robbery WSB perpetrated in the small hours of the morning on Wednesday last, on tbe premises of Mrs. Cass, opposite the post-office. About 3 a.m. Mrs. Cass's eldest danghter, who with her sister occupies a back room, was awakened by a noise, and saw a man making an examination of the contents of the room. She called out to her mother," There is a man in the room !" and Mrs. Cass got up. The visitor on this cleared out through the back door, taking with him sundry silver ornaments, the property of the child. An examination of the premises showed that the robber had made his entrance through a swing window which had teen left unfastened. It is suppo3ed that the intention of the man had been to enter the jeweller's shop of Mr. Goelz, next door, and that be had made a mistake in the house ; and this belief receives some confirmation from the fact that a man of suspicious appearance- had been Been lurking about for some time at the back of Mr. Goetz'sshop on tbe previous day. Mrs. Cass's little girl is quite confident of her ability to identify the man she saw in her room. CARELESS USE OF FIRE.—We have received several complaints touching the great risk to which property holders in the country are subjested by the practice of burning off timber during the Bummer months. Under tbe law 8 8 it now stands, anyone is at liberty to burn off upon clearing a small margin round ths area to be burned, and upon giving certain notice to adjacent landowners. During the summer months, however, these conditions are not by any means sufficient to ensure reasonable safety against bush-fires. A high wind might at any moment carry portions of blazing ^bark far beyond the limits of the cleared strip, causing a fire which would destroy tens of thousands of acres. To guard effectually against this contingency, adjacent landholders must employ a large "number ot hands to watch their boundaries, and are thus subjected to a heavy tax which which would be perfectly unnecessary if the burning off were done at another time of the year. As there is really no need for choosing the drv season for the purpose, and as the selection of that time is a source of danger to the public, it would be well to modify the law bearing on the subject by the insertion of a clause restricting the work to the winter months. THE ADMISSION OF GRAPES INTO VICTORIA. —In the Legislative Assembly on the 10th inst., Sir Henry Parkea in reply to Mr F Farnell, said he had received a reply from*the New Zealand and Victorian Governments with reference to his communication to them as to the removal of the prohibition on the importation of grapes from New South Wales The New Zealand Government stated that they did not see their way at present to re- move the prohibition, and the |Victorian that ihe matter would be referred to the Minifitei of Agriculture, who. he saw from the papers had reported adversely to the removal of the prohibition. Mr. Lyne paid, considering that tbe prohibition was placfed upbn grapes ostensibly on account ot the disease which existed at Camden, and that disease was close to the capital of Victoria, viz., at Geelong, he thought it would be well to prohibit the imputation 0f grapes from Victoria. He was sure that, the vineyards on our borders were more liable to infection from Victoria than their vineyards from our side. (Hear, hear.) Sir Henry Parkes said he would be prepared to represent the views which the hon. member bad expressed to the right quarters,Jbut he could not commit the Government to any conrse ot action which would have even the appearance of retaliation, which he regarded as one of the most vicious principles to embody in tbe intercourse of two colonies. PRESENTATION TO MR. GAZZARD.—The friends of Mr. Gazzard, who is leaving Albury, met at Doughty's hotel a few evening* since for the purpose of saying farewell.- He was presented with a beautiful set of gold studs and solitaires complete, and the following address :—"To John Gazzard,Esq.—With feelings of mingled regret and pleasure we meet here to-night to bid you farewell and wish you God-speed. During the two years you have been amongst us we haye always found you ready, obliging, and > courteous, both iu and out of office. Though 6orry indeed at losing such a popular officer as you have always been, we are glad indeed to notice your promotion to the position of relieving stationmaster. As a token of the esteem in which you are held at Albury, we beg of you to accept the accompanying small souvenir, and we trust that wherever you may go or whenever you may look at it you will hot forget the many friends with whom you labored so long. Again wishing you God-speed, we are, &c.; (on behalf of the subscribers), G. W. RHTNEHART, JOHN BAXTER, W. H. M'LEOD, W. A. WEBB, PIERCE QOINLAN." The address having been read and the souvenir. bunded over, Mr. Gazzard replied in feeling terms, and expressed the hope that the bond of union existing between bis friendjs and .himself , would be ably sustained by bis successor, Mr. Webb, a man who came aniongst them #ith the highest credentials. Mr/Gazzard's health was drunk in bumpers of champagne, and the meeting dispersed. DEATH OF MR. „H, J. BOWLER.—We regret having to record the death of a gentleman who was not only one of the oldest, butalsb one of the most well-known and popular residents of the Border districts.. : Mr. H. J. Bowler was a native of the colony, son of the late Mr. Samuel Bowler of Germanton, and 54 years ; of age. He was born near Campbelltown, and educated in Sydney, but left the metropolis. soon after attaining his majority, and acquired the Mitta Mitta station, on which he rbsided up to the date of, his death on;Sundaylast. Mr. Bpwler never cared for taking any-prominent part in public matters, but he bore the reputation Of being a thoroughly upright trian, kindhearted„and charitable, and,,like all--the old Murray squatters, was noted for his warmhearted, genial hospitality to all visitor^. Outside of his own circled intimate acquaint- ances, he was best,known as a breeder of blood stock and as a . hearty supporter of thi turf. Few breeders in Australia have turned out so large a number of cavalry remounts for India; none in.this district have been more consistent in their efforts to keep up the character of local sport. For the past quarter j>f a century hardly a racemeeting of importance took place without the well-known " all-black " being to the fore in some of the events, and a win for these colers was always popular. And if often succeEBful with his own nominations, he was also indirectly the cause ot many other equine victories, his well-known grey entire Snowden being the sire of more good performers on .the turf than any other sire ever located in this district. Among other noted racing cracks which at various times found a home on the Mitta Mitta were John Bull, The Barb, Australian (winner of the 10-mile race at Wagga), Formosa (winner of the V.R.C. Oaks in 1871), Melita (winner of the Oiks in 1878), Monntaineer (winner of the Weg^a Cup and of the * V.R.C. Maiden Plate in 1873, and the two principal events at Alburv in 1874), Minerva (winner of the Wagga Cup in 1885), and many others. He was also noted as a breeder " of Hereford cattle, his stock always taking prominent places at local shows. The deceased had been ailing for some time past, and was under the treatment of Dr. Mueller of Yackandandah. His state up to the end of. last week was not so serious as to warrant any fear ol an immediately fatal result. So little was the end expected," indeed, that up to the moment of the fatal seizure he was able to conduct his correspondence. On Sunday lilght he went to bed as usual; during the sight Mrs. Bowler was awakened by a faint cry, and on looking at her husband found him dead. The funeral took place'on Tuesday evening in the Albury cemetery, the ceremonies prescribed by the Roman Catholic Church being performed by Revd Father Hickev. The heart* was followed by an unusually lengthy train of mourners, including not only - the 1 leading , townspeople, but a large number of residents of the Upper Murray and Mitta Mitta districts. th?SS '~ - Albury on r M r D e S a x t WARDEN'S CLEBKL—Mr. J. Odellhas been appointed to act as Warden's Olerk at Yikckandaad^h, vice C. Were,;tBUeved. 