address to the Queen respecting the approval by his Government, of the policy adopted by Queensland in the matter of the selection of Governors, has been carried enthusiastically, the leader of the opposition seconding the motion. The only members who dis sented, were Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Thos. Walker, who confessed them selves true Republicans, and therefore, enemies of monarchies. BRISBANE, November 21. A tiger escaped from a menagerie and bit two persons severely. The brute was subsequently hunted down and secured. ADELAIDE, Thursday. Mr. George Donaldson, S.M. of Port Augusta, has taken 4 months' leave of absence prior to resigning. Lord Knutsford says that, notwith standing, the protest made by South Australians, re the appointment of future Governors, he adheres to the doctrine he has already propounded in his memorandum to the Agent-General. The School of Mines has been established. The schooner Pamela H. Banfield cleared out for Fremantle yesterday. The Brewery case has been settled —verdict for £1490 and costs for Hart. Alderman Shaw, builder, has been elected Mayor of Adelaide, without opposition. The great heat and drought pre vailing in New South Wales, Queens land, and South Australia, are dread ful. The season is the most disastrous that has occurred for years. Most destructive bushfires are also occur ring. SYDNEY, Nov. 22. The Premier (Sir H. Parkes) has received a congratulatory telegram from Sir Thornas M'llwraith, the Premier of Queensland, on his carrying his motion relative to the colonies demanding a voice in the choice of their Governors. When Sir Henry Parkes read this to the House, he was loudly cheered, both by his supporters and the Opposition. The payment of members bill has passed its second reading. Eighty thousand pounds have been expended on the unemployed during the past year. BRISBANE, Nov. 22. The Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company banked 25,000 ounces of retorted gold for the past week. ADELAIDE, Nov. 23. Mr. Frederick O. Bruce (late of the firm of Bruce and Moore, and formerly a partner of Mr. Justice Boucaut's), shot himself in his office yesterday. An inquest was held, and a verdict of suicide whilst suffering from temporary insanity was returned. The Australian Natives' Association here is to be addressed this evening by Mr. J. L. Purves Q.C., and other pro minent Victorians. MELBOURNE, Nov. 23. To-day proved the hottest day that has ever been experienced in Victoria. The temperature as registered at the Observatory, reached 123 degs. in the shade. Sydney, Nov. 23. An extraordinary attack has been made on non- unionists, by the shearers at Emu Creek Station. The Riot Act was read, and while the mob was under fire, one man was wounded. At a meeting at Broken Hill, a motion was carried in favour of separ ation from Sydney, and the creation of the district into an automatous divi sion, to be called "West Riverina," embracing the country (one league in width) from the 144th meridian, along the Lachlan river, down to the Murray, and thence, along the South Australian boundary. The heat and drought throughout the colony are most severe and are proving most disastrous to pastoral operations. Prayers for rain are being offered in many of the churches. SYDNEY, Nov. 25. The Evening News office, a new building, was completely destroyed by fire after 10 o'clock last night. The premises are completely gutted and the damage is estimated at £60,000. MELBOURNE, Nov. 25. A destructive fire occurred at Walhalla yesterday. A whole block of eighteen business establishments, besides a number of private residences, were entirely consumed ; including the Roman Catholic Church, the Chronicle office, the Banks of Victoria, and Australasia, the Long Tunnel and Empire hotels, the Mechanics' Hall and Library, Crawford's, Feincken feld's Harris's and Buchanan's stores. The damages are set down at £40,000. INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE, November 21. Mr. Coppin, in the Assembly, referred to the great scarcity of female servants. Mr. Gillies contended that the matter was one for private enter prise. SYDNEY, November 21. Sir Henry Parkes' motion for an 