NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, March 9. Braggett's training stables, at Coolah, near Mudgee, were burnt to the ground last night, and the racehorses Western Monarch, Mermaid, Romany, Killarney, Kangaroo, and Saracen perished in the flames. The fire la supposed to be the work of an incendiary, but no clue to the offender has been obtained at present. The stonemasons' strike was settled to day by the contractors agreeing to pay the standard wages—Us. per day—to competent men. The Government have announced their decision with regard to the tenders recently invited for the construction of fifty locomotives within the colony. They have deoided to offer the work to any local manufacturer who is willing to make the engines for £3,000 each all round. The lowest tenderer was the Atlas Oompany, at £3,263 for passenger and £3,840 for goods engines. The lowest English tender received when the offer was invited about a year ago was £2,245 for goods and £2,375 for passenger engines. Sydney, March 11. Upwards of 5,000 miners took part in the annual miners' demonstration at New castle on Saturday, which proved highly successful. David fiayner, a sawyer, employed at Messrs. Pignell & Clark's mills, was killed on Saturday by a piece of timber which flew off from a circular saw and struck him in the abdomen. The death of the Emperor of Germany was officially announced in a Gazette Ex traordinary on Saturday. His Excellency the Governor, with a desire to show respect to the illustrious deceased, whose family are in friendly relations with Great Britian, and closely allied to the Royal Family, directed that the Union Jack at Government House and all the forts Bhould be hoisted half-mast high at noon on Saturday, and that ninety minute guns should be fired from Dawes Point Battery, starting at the same hour. These directions were fully carried out. The German Consul has received a telegram stating that the Emperor died from exhaustion at half past 8 on Friday morning, passing away quietly. Numbers of tbe German community suspended business on Saturday, and they have decided to hold a solemn musical and religious service on Sunday next. The proceedings taken against the Wallsend Goal-mining Company for breach of the Coalfields Act in neglecting to provide proper ventilation in the mine has resulted in the Manager of the Com pany being fined £1 for not complying with the Inspector's notice. The Bench were quite satisfied that the mine was in a perfectly safe condition, and that there was no danger of any serious accumula tion of gas in the workings, but they were compelled, owing to the wording of the Act, to indict a nominal penalty. Sydney, March 12. Several serious accidents have occurred on thB Hawkesbury Bridge works lately. To-day one workman died from the effects of injuries sustained by the fall of a plank, and another workman was severely cruehed by the large iron bucket. Mr. Stanley, the Government Veteri narian, who is now investigating the diseaae named Queensland mange in the Northern District, telegraphed as follows: —" The skin disease is due to a vegetoid parasite. It is contagious, and difficult to eradicate." A fatal fight oocurred at Grenfell on Saturday night. A labourer named Coote was the victim, and tbe other combatant (Dickenson) is under arrest. The steamer Changsha was released from quarantine this morning, bat her passengers and crew are still detained at the station. The two smallpox patients are doing well. No further outbreak has UUUUICCU, I The Government memorial monument to the victims of the Bulli disaster, now ! being erected at Bulli, is an obelisk of Scotch granite 25 feet high. His Ex cellency the Governor will be asked to unveil the monument on March 2d, the anniversary of the disaster. A miner named John Gardner was burned to death at Helensburgh, near Bulli, laBt night. The reports presented to the Presby terian General Assembly to-day showed that the miBBions to heathen were beicg vigorously carried on, although the mission funds were lower than ever during the history of the Church. The mission to the Chinese in Sydney had been attended with great success. The representatives of Mort's Dock and Engineering Company, Morris & Co., Hudson Brothers, and Yale & Co., who recently tendered for the construction of 50 locomotives required by the Govern ment, met to-day to consider the Govern ment offer to give the work to local manufacturers at £3,000 per engine all round. It was decided not to accept the Government offer, the tenderers agreeing that it would be impossible to conBtruot locomotives in the colony for the price named without entailing serious loss. It was asserted that the prices at which the last tenders were sent in only allowed a margin of 5 per cent, profit, whereas the Government proposed to reduce the price about 15 per cent. Another meeting cf the unemployed, attended by about 200, was held at the Queen's Statue this afternoon. It was decided to form an Association to be called the Amalgamated Sons of Toil, with a view of taking united action upon all matters affecting the interest of artisans and labourers unable to obtain employ ment. A Labour Bureau will be worked ny tne Association. Sydney, Maroli 13 A riuh haB taken place a mile south of Tiboobnrra in the Wilcannia district. About sixty men are on the ground, and they have obtaired Bplendid prospectB at depths ranging from 5 to'10 feet. Several loads of wash taken out of one claim are expected to yield 3 oz. to the load. The run of country can be traced for 3 miles. Splendid specimens are being obtained from the Elizabeth reef. Ram is badly wanted. Mr. 6. S. Yuill, General Manager In Australia for the Orient Company, is proceeding to England on business connected with the Company's interests and the Australian trade. The Board of Health decided to-day that all adults coming from Hongkong or Chinese ports direct to Sydney should be sub j eoted to quarantine till t wenty-one days had expired after the date of departure from a smallpox infected port. This is intended as a precautionary measure in the event of China steamers coming direct to Sydney instead of calling at Port Darwin as heretofore. The Government have not received any official information regarding the appoint ment of representatives by the other colonies on the Scientific Rabbit Disease Commission, and Mr. Garrett will not nominate the New South Wales repre sentatives till the other Governments have taken action. Dickinson, who inflicted the fatal in juries on Coote in a fight atGrenfell, was committed for trial for manslaughter to day. Burke and Foley, who were engaged to fight to a finish for £500 aside in a few weeks, were this morning brought before the Police Court and bound over to keep the peace till April 5 under a bond of £100. Burke and Foley Btated that the fight had been abandoned. Michael Carroll, aged 40, while suffer ing from the effects of drink, made an ex traordinary statement to the police at Mortlake, on the Parramatta River, yesterday. He asserted that he murdered his sweetheart at Woolwich, England, nineteen years ago, and as the matter preyed on his conscience he wished to give himself up to the police. The man makes a most circumstantial state ment, and has been placed under arrest - pending enquiries. Carroll has been em ployed at the gasworks, Mortlake. Sydney, March 14. Tbe weather in some of the inland dis tricts iB extremely hot, and serious bush fires are reported in the Temora and Orange districts, where several graziers and farmers have been completely burnt out. Great excitement has been caused at Orange by the discovery of a supposed rich silver field near the Warne Station. The country has been pegged out foe miles by applicants for mineral leases. The report that the Minister of Justice is about to retire from political life and proceed to England was denied in the Assembly to-day. Mr. John Xiobbs, the free-trade candi date for Central Cumberland, was elected to-day by a majority of 475 over Mr. B.' W. Watkin, Protectionist. During 188G the poll tax- was paid by 1,284 Chinamen, while last year 1,798 contributed to the revenue in the same way. In 1886 209 and last year 172 were naturalized. The insect to which Queensland mange is said to be due is stated by experts who have examined the specimen to belong to tbe Acari family, and closely allied to tbe insect which produces scab in sheep. This does not agree with the views of Mr. Stanley, the Government Veterinary, that ■ the disease is due to a vegetoid parasits. 