C0RRRY0NG. (FBOM OUB OWN COBBBSPONDENT.) Beautiful, clear, fine days, in which our surrounding hills show out in bold relief, free from the hazy, smoky envelopments which generally at tbis time of year are the result of fires. So far we have got through without any bush- fires ; in fact the grass until the last few days has been so green that it would not burn ; but with the weather we are experiencing now, it will soon dry up sufficiently to burn if started. It is to be hoped no person will toy the experiment, as of all the evils attendant on a selector, a bushfire is the worst. Threshing operations are nearly concluded on this side. The results are far and away below even lowest expectations. Sjme crops will not pay expenses, and the quality of the grain, as a rule, is very poor. The agricultural interest has suffered heavily this season; our kigMt grower being something like 300 bags behind from last year, and others in proportion. I ne land is in good condition for scarifying now, ana it needs it badly, for there has been a great growth of weeds. Some-intend starting ttus week to turn tbe weeds over, u> order to keep them down. Tbe clover in some paddocks loots so bad tbat one would think the land had never been under cultivation for years. Large numbers of quail are to be seen in tne stubbles, but I have never of our local sportsmen trying their hand at bagging any. Fishing seems to find most favor, and they are biting freely just now. A trip to Kosciusko is projected by some ol our residents, under the guidance of Mr. Charles Hawkins. As he is a good guide, having been up on the mountain many times, with fine clear weather it should be quite an enjoyable trip to those who can spare a week to make it. Our local constable, Mr. A. B. Causey, is being removed to Wangaratta this week Since his arrival here he has made many friends, who on his departure presented him with a souvenir I of their friendship, aud wished him success in his new location. We are not a law- breaking people as a rule, but I suppose we shall still need two constables to keep us in order; BO I shall be on the lookout for the new policeman. However, if he experiences no more trouble than his predecessor had, his place will be almost a sinecure. Mr. D. Parry delivered his lecture on "The Story of a Pint Pot" on Friday evening in the Athenaeum Hall. There was a large audience, and about 30 members of the Gordon Tent I O.B, Cndgewa, occupied the platform, in full regalia, Mr. Henry Nankervis occupied the chair, and after a very forcible address, expatiating on the moral benefits of temperance, called on Mr. Parry to assume the rdle of a " pint-pot" and narrate his adventures as such, which he did with his usual powers of elocution, fairly rivetting the attention of his audience for an hour and a half. His description of the various masters which for the time had possession of him was admirable, and his rendering of the vagaries of the "Nightingale Club" excited great laughter. Altogether the narration was well calculated to forward the cause of Rechabitism, in whose interest Mr. Parry is going to Sydney, Melbourne, and other large cities to lecture. He is engaged by the Temperance party; and if the three songs sung by him and compoied by him—music and all—are a sample of the book of songs which he is at present writing, it will be a great success. As above stated, Mr. Party intends leaving us, and Mr. O. K. Tomlins is also about selling out and "going to Melbourne. Both properties, I believe, are for sale, and if not disposed of privately will be offered for sale early next month, together with stock, sundries, &c.; It is to be hoped that Messrs; Parry and Tomlins will not regret leaving the 'district, which, taken alto- gether! iB hard to beat. Another Board of Advice election takes place on February 3rd. Messrs. Barbour and Dobinson are the candidates for the position. 