NEW SOTITFT OTALK3. The report of the Commissioner of Bail ways for 1887 shows that the gross earnings exceeded those of the previous year by £48.C00. the increase in net earnings beinz £83,000. After paying all working expenses ;he lines returned 2*96 per cent, towards the nterest on the outlay for construction. The :otal railways in operation at the end of the rear represented 2,036 miles, constructed at a foetoi £26.532,122. An animated debate took place in the ifisembly on July 23 on the action of the joveinment in agreeing to pay Mr. Bailey, brmerly editor of Bailey's Sydney News, Sydney, for a series of lectures on the colony n England. The appointment waa denounced ta disgraceful and dishonourable, it being klleged that as Mr. Bailey was adjudged guilty of fraud in connection with a recent neolTency, he was unfit to represent the ttlony, and members threatened to block the Appropriation Bill tall the item was struck rat. The Premier (Sir H. Parkes) declared itat:-he knew little of Mr. Bailey ; but the ectore, which was trustworthy, and would 3e delivered in the agricultural districts of England, would tend to attract desirable aloniats. A horrible accident occurred at the Vale Colliery, Lithgow. Joseph Hall was engaged n shunting coaltrucks when he waa caught tnd pinned between two buffers. The lower :art if the bedy was crus hed almost to pulp. Ten Chinese, who were arrested for -ambling in a house in Lower George-street,: iave been fined from £3 to £50 each. Large bushfires raging in the Illawarra 3istrict have burnt out several Bettlera. Parliament was prorogued on July 24 until August 28 The Maritime Labour Council is still agi ating against Chinese labour, and has tdopced an uncompromising attitude towards it least two of the large Steamship Compa lies, whcee vessels are engaged in the China ind Australian trade. Mrs. Collins, who was arrested on suspi cion of poisoning her 'husband at Botany, has oeen committed for trial. The dispute between theshearersandstation jwnera is subeiding. The Directors of the Squatting and Invest ment Company have declared a. dividend at Che rate of 6 per cent. Rich deposits of gold have been found in the Tuna district. On Jnly 29 a sealed bottle was picked np on the beach at Wollongong containing^ scrap of paper on which was written :— ' The finder of this please report as under, aa we have no hope of recovery. The barque Ocean, from Belfast, was abandoned by eight of her crew and Captain Walker. Of the same vessel ten hands perished.' The writing appears to have been done with an ordinary indelible pencil. The representatives of M.' Pasteur have obtained permission from the Minister of Mines to conduct public experiments with virus of Cumberland disease with a view to demonstrating tha efficacy of the Pasteur pre ventative for anthrax in Bheep and cattle. Forty sheep and ten cattle are to be operated upon, half with attenuated virus, and the others with the most virulent virus of anthrax. Severe drought is being experienced in the Darling district. 