SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. SYDNEY, Nov. 26. The appointment of governors question has furnished the Premier with usefnl political capit&L; He has seized upon it as he did the Chinese question, and has carried & series cf resolutions in the Assembly with scarcely any opposition. Some of the papers i have spoken of the debate as a magnificent display ot " national " enthusiasm on the part of our representatives, but as a matter1 of fact the subject was treated rather coldly. The Premier, in submitting his resolutions, used the most careful and moderate language, and was particular in pointing out that lie did not pretend to question the right of the home Government to appoint Australian governors ; the last paragraph of the resolu tions, to use his own words, " studiously admitted that the appointment rested with the Imperial advisers of Her Majesty." All that was asked was that the colonies Bhould be informed whom it was intended to appoint before the unalterable step was taken. The House generally wa9 in accord with Sir Henry Parkes, but some of the members, amongst them Mr. B. R. Wise, accepted the resolutions sb the beginning of a movement which would quietly and gradu ally bring about the separation of the colonies from the mother country. The majdfwy, however, took the view placed be fore the House by the Premier, and supported the resolutions on that basis. Others, in cluding Mr. Reid, who made an excellent speech against the resolutions,but stated that he was not prepared to vote against them, held that eo long as the colonies acknowledged the connection with the mother country they had norigbttomakeanything likeaclaim to a voice in the selection of their governors. The oppo nents of the resolutions were in so great a minority that they did not think it worth while to divide the House, but it is a mistake to say that the Assembly is unanimous in this matter. Four members paired off against the resolutions, and if all the me-nbers could have been compelled to vote Mr. Reid would not have been without supporters. It must also be borne in mina that the question was discussed in a thin House. Out of 124 members only 47 were present, a fact which shows that the Assembly £ not at all excited about the matter—if, indeed, it does not indicate a decided want of interest. There is no reason to think, however, that a full attendance conld have altered the fate of the resolutions—they would have been carried in any case But the thin House and the dulness which pervaded the debate negative the assumption that the Assembly, at the instance of Sir Henry Parkes, has made a great demonstration in favour of "Australian nationality." The useless debate on the Budget has been dragging on for three weeks, with scarcely a protest from the Government, but at a banquet given to him at Nowra, in the South, on Friday, the Premier said that "wanton delay" in the transaction of business was threatened by a section of the Opposition. This was not a prudent thing to say, and the remark was hardly justified. Hitherto the Opposition this session has shown no signs of a disposition to obstruct, although time has been wasted over a debate which can end in nothing but talk. The Premier, however, is very fond of Baying bard things of the Opposition to sympathising audiences in the country, and the result is always injurious. Squabbling in the As sembly frequently follows, and a sug gestion on the part of a Minister that the Opposition is obstructive is sufficient sometimes to make it really so. On this occasion the Premier seems to think that he has pood grounds for the suspicion he en tertains, and he spoke at Nowra about "trying conclusions" with those who en deavoured to hinder the transaction of busi ness, which means that if obstruction is attempted coercion will be tried as a remedy. The situation is to be discussed at a meet ing of Ministerial supporters on Wednesday, the day to which the Budget debate has been adjourned. It is a significant circumstance that, while the Assembly shows little dis position to get on with Government busi ness, it can be prompt enough when it j takes a special interest in a subject. The i House insisted the other night on suspending the Budget debate, so (hat the Payment oi Members Bill might be pushed on a stage or two, and the Premier pad to consent He protested against the trill, M he. invariably does, wbenlt was brought Up, and sojdid one iir two private members. The supporters of / t the measure listened to the objections in silence, and then quickly carried the bill through committee. It will go in due course ] I to the Council, where it will probably be re- i > jected as before, the majority of the members of that Chamber holding that they will not be justified in giving their consent to the bill until the country has prouounced in favour of it at a general election. The new Railway Commissioners are busily engaced in examining the lines which they | have undertaken to administer. They have { ' listened to complainrs by (he hundred, and j have promiseu a number of reforms with re-1 gard to rates, speed of trains, punctuality, j and so on. Mr. Eddy is very outspoken, and j he has made a good impression wherever he j has gone Judging from the statements I which have been made to him, and the j answers which he has given, many changes j are necessaiy, and the commissioners are quite prepared to make them, lu the mean tin. e the Premier has caused some surprise by placing a notice 01 motion on the paper of the Assembly, the object of which is to give authority to the Government to appoint a special commissioner to visit Europe, Asia, and America for the purpose of reporting upon the railway systems ot those countries. It is proposed that the examination shall occupy tv o years, and that the commissioner shall be paid at the rate of ±1,500 per annum, with travelling expenses. No name is men* tioned in the notice, bat Mr. Goodcbap, the ex-Commissioner of Railways, is the gentle man whom the Government has in view. The proposal has been violently attacked in some quarters as a job and as an insult to Mr. Eddy, it is declared that the Government want to get rid of Mr. Goodcbap, because they are afraid he will make bis way into Parliament, and when there make things awkward for tiieci. There is not much in thia A dif ferent motive is probably at the bottom of the affair. It is felt that Mr. Goodchap, in having to make room for a stranger, has been rather hardly treated, and this has been thought of as a solatium. The mission would be a little expensive, but there can be no doubt that Mr. Goodchap would give us a valuable report in return for the money. As to the appointment being a reflection upon Mr. Eddy, who is supposed to have brought all the necessary railway information with him, the thing does not present iteelt in that light to the new commissioner, who is said to have expressed approval of the idea. Mr. Eddy examined the European and American rail way b some years ago, but he does not pre tend to have collected all the information procurable. Having got rid of the Newcastle strike, we are now deeply anxious about the drought and its consequences. The year has been an unprecedentedly dry one. The meteorological records, which go back for many years, do not show anything like it. In Sydney the average rainiall lor the year is about 59in. and tne average to Oct 31 is about 43in. It is now near the end of November, and we have had only 15.\in.; tbat is to say, we have had in II months a little over oiie third ot the rain that we are accustomed to get in 10 i months. Other portions of the c >lony havi fared still worse. Some have received ouiy one-fourth, and others only one-tiftb of the average rainfall. Under these circumstances the condition of the country may be imagined. In and about Sydney, where we have ibe advantage of an ample water supply, the parks and lawns are Its brown as the roadways, while the flowers and shrubs in the gardens are kept alive with difficulty. In the country, especially in the western dis trict, the pastures are burnt op, and the wheat crop is, to a large extent, a failure, while the loss of live stock has been serious. The north coastal district is an exception to the rule, the crops there, especially maize, being unusually good. Taking the colony altogether the position is a serious one, but the wonder is that things are not worse than they are. What will happen if rain does not come soon no one dares to think. In Sydney daring the last few days we have had a taste of the experiences that have been common in the country tor weeks past The smoke from the bush-fires has drifted over the city, and we have been living in a sort of dry fog. On Saturday the smoke haze was so dense that navigation in the harbour was obstructed, and vessels coming to Sydney were obliged to stand off, not being abie to find tbeir way in. The heat was great, although the sun, which was seen overnead like a globe of copper, was obscured by the smoke. Towards evening a southerly " burster " cleared off moat of tbe smoke, but smothered the city with dust, and an extra ordinary day was wound up by a disastrous fire, which completely destroyed the Evening A'ews office and all the machinery that it contained, causing damage to the amount of £'60,000. Tbe paper would have had to stop publication but for the help given by.the proprietors of tbe Sydney Morning Herald, at which office the Aeios is now being set up and priuted. The action of tbe Herald pro prietary in this matter is certainly mag-; nanimous, for the Eetvs has been persistent and bitter in its attacks upon the leading journal. 