The Weather, Pastoral, Crops. &c; BOMBALA. ?nECF.winm 29. As harvesting approaches, the minds of our farmers are unusually exercised over the continued rains ; for a long time the rainfall has been so persistent that heat and sun shine are quite the exception rather than the rule. Theorase is of course luxuriant, and in many instances a second mowing of grass hay has been got from the same paddocks. The oaten nay crop is such as has not been seen here for years, the only trouble being that it has run up to 6talk somewhat ; but most of the cereals have been sadly beaten do\yn by the rains, and unless the weather dries up for a while we shall be as badly oif this summer through excess of moisture as we were last year by its lack. Of course this continued rainfall has greatly interfered with the shearing, insomuch that even now it is only ]ust concluded, and the teams are coming through the town all day. The orchards are a sight to behold, and orchard-owners who wish to save the limbs of their treeB must thin out the fruit with no sparing hand. Last year we were reason ably proud of the fruit yield, this year we may justly be prouder etill ; the blight, too, does not seem so prevalent, and as yet (probably owing to the moisture) there is no sign of that much-dreaded pest tho grasshopper. COOTAMUNDRA, January 4. Another severe gale, accompanied with heavy rain, ternnc lightning, and thunder, was experienced last night ; it lasted fully an hour, and 80 points of rain were registered. It is much feared that further damage to the crops will be the result. Stock Passings: 4000 2-tooth wethers, from Grenfell to Murrurundi, from Tea, Victoria— Messrs. M'Leish Brothers ownere, T. M'Leish in charge; 1800 ewes, from Yass to Cootamundra— E. J. Bridle, owner, in charge. DEN1LIQUIN, Deckmiier 31. Nearly three-quarters of an inch of rain fell here during the last fortnight, making about ljin. during the month, and within a few points of 22in. for the year, the largest registration by fur since 1878. The district has never looked better at this time of the vear than it does now. There is plenty of dry grass, the tanks are all full of water, and stock are in splendid condition. Such a state of things at midsummer in Riverina is abnormal, and oW residents can hardly realise that we are yet much past early spring. The Christmas has been an unusually cool one,' so cool indeed that householders began to think of lighting their fires on Christmas night. The bushfires which were referred to in a previous letter are now all out. An immense amount of damage was done by them outside of the mere destruction of grass. One fire burnt about 70,000 acres of feed, and another, which broke out last week, consumed 13,000 acres before it was ex tinguished. It is estimated that the damage amounted to at least £50,000. The river at Deniliquin has fallen 16ft. since the maximum rise of a month since. FORBES, December 31. In the early part of the week we had a perfect deluge of rain. It commenced to fall on Saturday night, and con tinued almost without intermission until Tuesday, when the gauge 'registered 4in. 14 points. Gieen spring grasses are plentiful everywhere, this being the finest summer for pastoralists we have been favoured with for many years. A great deal of the early fruit in this vicinity was completely spoilt by the rain, most of it splitting and turning rotten. In consequence of the great amount of rain which has fallen higher up the Lachlan as well as here, the river is a banker, but is beginning to subside gradually. Business generally is pretty brisk. Since my last the following lots of stock have crossed the Forbes commons: — 8000 weaners on December 25, from Jahdra to Overflow, Mr. Kennear owner, T. Buckley jji charge; 6400 mixed sheep on December 26, from Jandra to Overflow, Mr. Kinnear owner, R. Towns GLEIM INNES, January 2. The weather during the past week has been very wet and showery. On Friday last a heavy rain fell all over the district, which raised the rivers and creeks very quickly. Two shearers, while crossing the river at Strathbogie Sta tion while it was rising were oarried, with their horses, down the river, and, not without some difficulty, got out safely. Farmers who have hay lying out will bo heavy lowers tnrougn tne wet. vv neat-cutting will commence with some of the early- sown crops next week. At this juncture a fewjweeke' dry. warm weather would not only be acceptable, but highly beneficial, and would do a world of good. If the weather should prove favourable, seeing that there are excellent reaping machines in the district, har vesting operations will be oarried on with great expedition and completeness. It is generally thought that the wheat crop thi6 year will be of good average, and if prices rule anything like a paying price, the farmers will have little cause for complaint. There has been a large increase in the numbers of stock bred in this district over preceding years. GOULBURN, Jan-uart 3. The weather is most unfavourable for harvesting, and t^nsiderable loss has been the result, which, ou the top of sorrel- infested crops, will not brighten the visages of agri culturists. Cutting the crops with no prospect of a fine day means sure loss ; and leaving it to become over-ripe makes it practically valueless. Our orchardists are also threatened with a terrible plague. The-eodlin moth pest has assumed such dimensions that it is positively alarming, threatening the complete destruction of orchards. In an apple -growing district like this there is no need to say what that means. The potato crop at Shoidhaven enlisted the sympathies of officialdom and the services of an expert. Is the moth not ruinous enough to be attended to P KIAMA, January 3. The rainfall here during the past month aggregated 629 points in 18 days, the highest record in one day being that of Boxing Day— 210 points. end in charge; 1500 wethers on December 30, from Stoke' s paddock to Bundaburra Oreek, E. Taylor, owner, in charge. A Ir.rge numoer of these slicep are dying. MANNING RIVER, December 24. The weather is warm, fine, and admirably suited 'or the growing crops. The prospects of the next harvest on this river for maize and other growths are very abundant and promising. Up to the present there are no indications of maize blight. The views which were placed before your readers in the earlier portions of this year by me relative to the. origin and effects of this ' blight' have so far, I am thankful to state, proved correct ; and those who relied upon my prognostications in this matter seem very likely to reap the reward of their trust and confidence, for which I am very grateful. MTJDGEE, January 1. _ Christmas Day was wet, and on Monday morning the river came down in flood, showing that it must have rained more hnavilv uowarde jto wards Kylstone than here. Ac counts come to hand of disasters to crops in the low-lyin_ lands along its banks. Some farmers had their wheat cut and ready for carting home ; others hadnpt. Both suffered. During the week there was scarcely a dry day, and the greatest care had to be exercised by those who had their crops cut to prevent damage. Nevertheless, there is only : a very small percentage harmed. On the whole, the wheat crop will average a fair yield. True, there are portions of the district where it is very thin and scant ; but, on the other hand, very many farmers say that they will get a larger amount per acre than they expected Tae grain is of a splendid quality, and our fanners would be vdl satisfied if only a better price were obtainable; 2s. M. per bushel is what the local millers are Offering for best samples. The week's rain has given the maize crop another push' ahead, and there is every prospect of a grand crop. Harvesting is at a standstill Just for the moment : but a few warm days will cause operations to be again briskly resumed. A change is again imminent, which, it is hoped, will pass off, as the standing crop is becoming dead ripe, and will take hurt if left much longer in the field. 'Were another week's rain to come, the Iocs of last year would be in a great measure repeated, as, even should the grain be dried on the stalk, it would take a few days, or perhaps more, before fhe ground would be sufficiently strong to bear the heavy harvesting machines. The river is 6till running very strong, notwithstanding that a week has elapsed since it first rose, showing that the ground is quite full of water. MOAMA, December 31. The weather during the greater part of the week has been warm, but not as hot as wo have frequently had at this time of the year. We have several times been threatened with rain, but only a few drops fell here, while reports state that at Wamboota and Mathoura, some 20 miles distant, very heavy falls took place. There is abundance of water and feed ; and stock ore all in tip-top condition. The Murray continues to fall slowly, and is now 17ft. 9in. above summer level. It is man}* years since the river was so high at this time of the year. PARKES, January 2. Again we have had a heavy rainfall, starring 1888 well as regards rain, 108 points falling on the first day. I can not say it is welcome, as the Christmas rainfall was ample for all needs, and too much for the uncut wheat, and now this fall so soon tfter has made it a certainty that a largo quantity of wheat will be spoiled. Controrv to exDectation and also showing the great wheat-growing* capabilities of this district, several paddocks that had been stripped yielded as high as SO bushels per acre, others 27 and 21, the lightest being 15, and the season not being favourable in the early part of it shows what a splendid wheat country this district is. Stripping has been impeded through wet, and the grain is reported to be growing in the ear from the excessive moisture. TjRANA, January 2. The first of a series of sales of stock intended to be held here every month by Mr. H. L. Culley came off on the 28th, and was exceedingly well attended. There were 3600 sheep and 50 head of mixed cattle sold. Previous to the 23rd the weather had been for some days extremely hat for this season of the year, from 110* to 115- being the general reading of the thermometer. On the day named Jie heat culminated in a thunderstorm, of wiiich, however, the jOwn ship got but the tail end, only 65 points of rain having fallen here, while lfin. was registered afWidgievra and in its neighbourhood. The next two days were dry, but still cloudy and sultry. On Boxing Day another thunderstorm, broke over us, giving us here another 60 points c . rain, while a few miles from the township from 3in. to 4in. fel.1, the dose being repeated on the 31st, between which and New dear's Day another fall of Jin. occurred, making in all 176 points here for 10 days. '''? 