Facts Focussed. The miners at Newcastle have published a notice stating that^they are willing to resume frork on thBrterms of . the a^greeiient Submitted to the proprietors on the 7th init. Additional frauds in connection with the accounts of-the. Sydney Council have been discovered: They were petpetrated in 1884. The amount*of the defalcations is not known, j The first of thb year's charitable .feasts took plaoe on 'Friday, the Vernon boys being the recipients.. The Governor ohe of the During a thunderstorm on Friday Messrs. W-imble 'and Co's. warehouse, in Clarenoestreet,'Sydney,, vfas etruolc by" .lightning, but fortunately not xnuoh-damaged. The storm raged moat fieroely in-' Petersham : and district. The hail broke several windows and did considerable damage. ,,. • . - . ^ • Messrs. Webb ana-Martin', tbe Newcastle msgistmtes who granted bail to three persons charged with rioting, have been called npon by the Government to explain their reasons for so doing. • ,'t A large number jof sheep- have died from the effects of drought - in the Wiloannia district. r' " ... : A bush'fire on" Qiiantambone station, near Brewarrins, has destroyed about 5,000 acres of grass, miles Of fencing, and a number of stock. The estimated' population of Victoria on June 30 last was 664,319 males, and 496,100 females,,or a total of 1,060,419. For " criminal and cruel neglect" of the residents! of' Broken' Hill, in connection with the water supply^ the Miniiter for Mines was burnt in effigy Mare on TCtirsdky; Six thousand persons ' were present. * A water-cart, drawn by a dozen donkeys,' took : part in the £100680011^. "'i - • U" 1 Truth "says that Sir 11. Drummund Wolff will' probably succeed Lord Garriigton as Governor of New South Wales. A man . named ; Lenane narrowly escaped death at Hiohelago railWay statioi on Thursday, being struok by a passing train whej' driving sheep acroesthe line. \- j. It is Baid thi^^h^re is a Jikdite some the assooiated'collienes "ay the MaBters' tTnion and ^mc. ^ l e 1 under local agreements. • - ^ ^ : The consignment of oranges by the JMk^. bidgee sold in London at from 3s 6d wrBsTJi" per case. . The total ntimber of miners cn strike in the Newcastle district, including surface men, is estimated at 8;000. Three is said to be an inclination on the part ,of some of the associated masters for. a settlement of the miners' difficulty. Twenty-nine of tie ".blacklegs" who have been employed filling small coal at the Greta Aiine are returning to Sydney., On .Saturday night Mr. D. Buchanan, M.P., deliver? an address on. Protection at St. Mary's in .-answer, to .that given ' by the Premier. Robert James.Jary, John Topin, and Israel West, charged with rioting and intimidation at Newcastle^ were on Saturday committed for trial. Bail waB granted. The total rainfall for the colony from the commencement of the year has been 13*470. The Rev, E. Wylde, one of li.M.'s inspectors of schools, l» inquiring into the working of colonial educational establishments. 