I COUNTRY NEWS. I BY TELEORAriLj. (FROM OUR OWN CORHESrONDENTS.) BLAYNEY, Monday. Tho Duko of Manchester passed through hero to-night. Ho is returning from a visit to tho Junction Goldmines,' which aro said to promise well. COONAMBLE, Monday. Tho contcnary was observed hero by two days' holidays I and a day's racing. Several of our leading residents wont to Sydney. Wo have had unusually warm weather hore ruoonllVj tho thonuonietor rising as high us 110- iu the shudo. The uights.also have been close. There have boon a good many bush fires in tho district, but no serious damage has been dono so fur. At tho annual meeting of subscriber« to the Coonamble Hospital a very satisfactory financial position was shovvni tho now coinmittco entering ou oUIco with a substantial credit balance for tho current year. Tho Rov. G. T. Geer was oleoted president, Mr. R. R. Builoy, P.M., vico prosidont, and Mr. Baxter honorary seeietary. A good working committco'was also chosen. COWRA, Monday. Tho Centennial holidays passed off very quietly boro, tho only attempt to commemorata tho nnnivorsiiry of the colony hereabout being horseracing at ICooiavvathii, it vvay »ido hotel, some distanco from hore. The. .weather is exoossivoly hot during tho day, and a number of bush-fires near at baud tonds greatly tu incroaso the temperature. GOULBURN, Monday. Mr. Angus Mackay, lecturer under tho Board of Techni- cal Education, lectured in tho Mechanics Institute to-uight, under the auspices of tho A. P. and li. Society, ou " Tho homo garden, vegetable, fruits," &c.; Mr. J. Shophord, secretary of the Agricultural Society, occupied tho chair, and there was an attendance of about 100. Mr. Macka> urged tho desirability of vegetable gardeniug being entered into moro especially by farmers, and pointed out tho methods which Bhould bo adopted to ensure success, re- ferring particularly to tho necessity of drainugo. Ho gavo a recipe for coping with tho woolly aphis, mid referring to the codlin moth said ho had tried about 100 upples, and failed so far to get a codlin moth, although ho hod obtained sovoral nativo moths. Mr. Mackay seemed to doubt that tho so-called codliu moth was the codlin moth at all. At tho closo a voto of thanks was accorded to tho lecturer, tho chairman, and tho Agricul- tural Socioty. GRENFELL, Monday. . Mr. Roso lectured hero on " Protection" on Saturday to a moderato audience. Mr. Lyne occupied the chair. Few persons wore present when tho voto in favour of protection was put, and of these about one-third hold up their banda. Tho weather is hot and dry, and bush fires aro prevalent. GULGONG, Monday. A meeting of the Agricultural Association was held this' afternoon, there being a good attendance of farmors. It was decided to hold ploughing matches on March 17. A large numbor were enrolled as members. A committco.was appointed to choose a site for tho matohes. Tho secretary (Mr. S. ,T. Bishop) was instructed to apply to the Colonial Secretary for £50 for fencing and clearing lo acres of land granted to tho association. . The thermometer registered 9G- in tho shade to-day. A cool easterly breoze is now blowing. INVERELL, Monday. Mr. Walter Nolan, inspector in chargo of Public schools in this district, was presented with a handsomo gold watch < and an address by tho teachers on Saturday, previous to his departure for Port Macquurie to lill a Bimilar position. Tho samo evening Mr. Nolan was entertained at tho Oxford Hotel, when Aldormon Wilson, iu tho absence of tho Mayor, occupied the chair. MURRURUNDI, Monday. The weather íb hot and dry. Thoro is plenty of grass and water. Stock are in good condition. NEWCASTLE, Monday. Tho contributions recoived in aid of the Church Cen- tennial Fund at Christ Church yesterday reached nearly £2000, and at St. John's Church, Nowcastlo, £2500, in- cluding a special jcift from Mr. E. C. Merewether. A public mooting was hold in tho Victoria Theatre 3-03 terday afternoon to eclebrato tho Centenary. It was very poorly attended. The Rev. W. Bain presided, nnd uppra Îiriato addresses wore doliverod by tho chairman and the lev. C. Whito, Al.A. Tho proceedings closed with tho National Anthem. At a mooting of tho Nowcastlo .Borough Council to-night a motion to the efleot that tho council upply to tho Govern- ment for power to borrow £50,000 for tho purpose of carry- ing out tho drainage system and other important works in the city was, after discussion, withdrawn until 11 reply had boon received from tho Govornmont ua to a former applica- tion to borrow £100,000. Tho following motiou was curried :-"That tho centenary gift of lund by the A, A. Company, now used as a cricket ground, should bo vcibted in this council, and this council appointed m trustees for tho snine." SILVERTON, Monday. At the annual mcoting ot subscribers of the Silverton hospital the aftnirs of tho institution ut flin present limo woro shown to be in a very fuvotmiblo condition, for after orecting commodious und woll-uduptcd new building« in placo of tho old ono, tlio conuuitteo have still £400 in hand. Efforts aro being mudo to obtain funds to havo tho now buildings properly finished. Mr. E. J. Locke was elected secietarv. TAMWORTH, Monday. The through mail train on Saturday arrived here two hours and a quarter late. To-day it was nearly threo hours late, and it has been vory irregular ovory duy during the fortnight it has been running. WOLLONGONG, Monday. The committee of tho A. and H. Society ure making strenuous effoi ta to make the show a great success. There are over 20U0 entries, and, with favourable weather, the attendance is expected to io larger than on any previoua occasion. WILCANNIA, Monday. Tho sfonmer Florenco Annio nrrived hore from Louth, and the Undaunted from Wentworth. Tho Emily Jane loft Bourko, down stream, and the Mayflower passed Tilpa, up stream. The Pilot passed Tilpa, up stream. Tho following aro the river reports:-Mungindi, low ; Mogil, lft., falling; Burwon, 9ft., falling; Namoi, 6ft, stationary; Goodooga, low; Bourko, 8ft. 4in., falling; Louth, 8ft., falling; Tilpa, 12ft., falling; Wilcannia, 12ft., rising; Menindio, lift. 'Jin., rising; Pooncorio, 10ft. oin., falling ; Wentworth, lGft. Gin., falling. The weather is warm. * 