THE SKETCHER. THE DISCOVERY OF THE SOURCES OF THE YARRA. "FIELD NATURALIST." PART 1. In the early days there existed a great un- certainty as to the direction and Source of the River Yarra Yarra. Tradition says Yarra Yarra in aboriginal language signifies "ever flowing," and was applied by the tribes to that portion near Melbourne, but further up, different bends and reaches were known by other aboriginal nomenclature. Yarra is thoroughly unique and original. The only other place of that name is a station on the overland route near Goulburn, New South Wales. Possibly some old Melbournian carried the title thither. Mr. Hoddle, the Government surveyor, had been out several months planning the river's course, but ap- peared to make little progress, having been baffled by the terrible character of the heavily-timbered country. He, however, sent that from an elevated position he had dis- cerned excellent grass plains. Mr. E. A. Walpole, who, at present, is spending his declining years at Sandy Bay, Hobart, possessed a daring spirit, full of ad- venture. He firmly resolved to settle the Yarra's course, and, if possible, discover the fountains of the ever-flowing river, about which there was so much speculation, no matter what difficulties presented them selves. Besides, as he was getting cramped in by settlers on his Gardiner's Creek station (now the fashionable suburbs of Hawthorn, Kew, &c.;), the thought occurred to him that be might have first bid for a portion of Mr. Hoddle's newly-reported plains of excellent grass. Accordingly, about the middle of February, 1845, Mr. Walpole set out, accom panied by Mr. W. J. Thomas, an honoured sexagenarian in the civil service of this colony, and who now appears as physically capable of undertaking a tramp to the upper waters of the Yarra as he did in his more youthful days. The pair left Gardiner's Creek with horse and conveyance, making their lirst stage at Yering. Yering, or, as the blacks pronounced it, " Ye-rang," was a station owned by the Messrs. Ryrie Brothers. That beautiful affluent of the river so soon to augment Mel- bourne's water supply had at that time been lately discovered by William Watts, an as- signed convict servant of the Messrs. Ryrie, who had been despatched to explore the country thereabouts in quest of a suitable heifer-station, as an adjunct to Ye-rang, hence the River Watt's name and dis- covery. Woori Yallock, coming in from the right, with its tributary, Wandin Yallock, was then passed, and a few miles up the former Mr. Stewart's station was reached. It was about 35 miles by road from Melbourne, and in those days considered the Ultima Thule of civilisation on the Yarra. Opposite the junction of the Woori with the river rise heavily-wooded spurs backed by the bold front, which could be distinctly seen, clothed to its very summit with gigantic timber, of Mount Toolebewong, which in turn is sup- ported by four other mountain forms of co- equal grandeur and sublimity, whose swell- ing bosoms, trending away eastward, receded into varying tints of the most exquisite blue, while on the left appeared more distant and sharper peaks, almost lost in the haze and smoke of summer bush fires. The explorers were entertained with much hospitality at Mr. Stewart's, where they left their conveyance and took to horseback. They soon, however, tound it an impossibility to make progress, from the density of the scrub, and, although amongst the rankest of vegetation, because there was an utter absence of any food for the horses. In con- sequence, steps had to be retraced, and the horses left behind. The explorers, accom- panied by their faithful pointer dog, on the 20th February left Stewart's a second time with swags on back, and went on foot into the trackless wilds of great unknown forests. As near as possible they followed the bed, of the river, which headed from a generally easterly direction except where jungle-like scrub, huge fallen trees, or Hood debris- the accumulation of years-drove them higher up the banks. Hoddle's Creek and the Yarra rivulet, both again coming in from the right, were the next streams of any importance passed. Somewhere just above the present Warbur- ton, or about 45 miles from Melbourne, Mr. Hoddle's camp, consisting of six or eight men, was madeearly one morning. Mr. Walpole was anxious to see the surveyor, as he was the bearer of an important letter from Dr. Motherwell; besides, he thought a "square meal" at the Government expense would pot be amiss. The two explorers were received somewhat coldly. The letter was merely taken and thrown upon the table. Walpole suggested that it had better be opened, as it contained news that his (Hoddle's), wife was dangerously ill. Still the letter remained sealed. Then thoughts naturally turned in the direction of the "square" meal, of which there was no appearance further than the table being prepared. At last the cook said. "Shall I dish the breakfast, sir!" "No,' replied the stingy surveyor. The explorers were obtuse to the hint, and now determined to remain all day for this display of meanness. Finally, breakfast appeared about 11 o'clock, and tbe rest of the meals In due course. One good turn deserved another. As one of Hoddle'e instruments was out of reckoning, Thomas left his prismatic compass, by which Hoddle completed the remainder of his survey of the Yarra's course. The following morning (February 24) about sunrise tbe two "tramps" departed before the camp was astir. On the principle that "a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush," and there might possibly be a scarcity of game on their unknown journey, they annexed several junks of Hoddle's jerked beef, which was hanging up, and transferred it to their swags. The river hereabouts increased in natural beauty, its normal bed being about 25 paces broad, the water running in places rapidly over rocky bottoms, banks lined with pretty scrubs, chiefly a beautiful fine-leaved Lepto- spermum, Notelaea (with slender foliage and nut-brown seeds), blackwood, silver wattles, and oilier acacias-sheltered amidst fairly large and well-foliaged eucalypts - mess- mates, and white gums. The mountains which close on the river on either side were simply sublime under any atmospheric con- dition, whether at early morning, dressed in deep olive, pleasantly harmonised with tracks of light-brown leaves of forest monarchs whose trunks had been scorched by recent bush-fires, with mists hanging in the deeper gorges or uplifting along the brows to cling to the higher peaks behind, or whether seen under a cloudless sky with a zephyr-like wind, when their forms were bathed in cobalt of surpassing richness. But in the afternoon, with a gathering thunder storm, so frequent at this period of the year, the mountains seem to magnify themselves greatly. The olive, the cobalt hues, under leaden-coloured and heavy clouds, were trans- formed into indigo ribbed in deeper colour in parts, indicating how dark were the inter- secting gullies which as yet had never been trodden by white man. Each gully and indentation was boldly painted into the land scape with a bluish-blackness against which peculiar gaunt dead trees stood starkly out- lined. The explorers continued in a north-easterly direction along the banks of the stream, sometimes on one side, sometimes on the other, through thick scrub. Frequently they were obliged literally to cut every inch of their way, but invariably kept near the river. The travelling was really something pro- digious, taxing the energy of giants, and hardly to be credited except by painful and actual experience. As much huge dead timber was lying upon the ground as was standing green. It was no easy effort to clamber over this fallen timber, which was always more or less damp and slippery. Every step upon a greasy tree-barrel was a riddle, because it was extremely difficult to calculate whether the foot would slide up or down the stem or over either side. Should the bulky obstacle, how- ever, be successfully negotiated, bottom may be found knee-deep in a crabhole, so plenti- ful in that part of the country. Thickly studded hazel scrubs had to be threaded, amongst innumerable ferns and tall vegeta- tion. Then they had to break through cutting sword- grass breast high, destroying their very clothing, and gashing their unprotected faces and hands only to find themselves entangled in a labyrinth of terrible rasping wire-grass, which everywhere embraced the scrub, and which arrested the explorers at every step. To be freed from its insinuating tiny barbed tendrils, they had often to crawl and wriggle upon the ground underneath like serpents. This awful wire-grass was so effectually matted in places as to completely hide nume- rous " man-traps," in the form of treacherous logs, over which the equilibrium of tbe un- daunted explorers was often destroyed; then ensued somersaults amid blankets and quart- pots, and human forms could have been seen grunting and wallowing amongst rank and decaying herbage. 