Intercolonial Telegrams/ , * - ' fBY SUBMARINE CABLE. 1 l' f ', . . i rio I [IROM 0011 OWS onRRKSrONDBNTP.l 11 - ' 1) VICTORIA. ?' I MELBOURNE, Mondav, , i The Wesley an Conference has appointed the Rev. if. Bath as Its loprcBcntativo'at tho British Conference. '' Terribly destructivo bushfhcs aie i aging in Western district, Mount Napier, Mount Abrupt, and Mount Sturgeon ate amass of flames,''and a large number of glaziers', farmers and selectors havo lost heavily, ospccially tho luBt tv. o, somo 'of whom havo ' been almost ruined. ' ' Tho steamer yacht White Squall,' Mr. Piiaui{?) of Adelaide, owner, has at rived in Hobsoti's Bay from Adelaide, and reports that when oft" Capo Korthumbciland, in a fiesh galo, W. Barrington, tho bocoikI mite,. was thrown Ov'orboard by tho vessel giving a heavy lurch, and in going over he struck tho rail heavily. 'A lifo buoy - was < thrown to him, which he missed. He grasped hold of the patent log line,( but,it patted, and Barling ton was not Been again. Sir Horny Looh (Governor 'of Victoria), Sir Wm.'Robinson,¡(Governor of ' Sohih) Australia), Sir R.' 'Hamilton (Oovernoi of Tasmania), and the Earl and Countess of Carnarvon, al ri\ ed by special to-day from Sydney. Sir R. Hamilton sailed imme- diately for Tasmania by tho s.S. Pateena, , In i connection with the charge of gross 'immorality biought against a State school tcachor, tho Minister of Education has dealt witii the casa, and decided that tin accused, uankd Shoppcrd, head tcachor at tho State Behool, George street, Fitzroy, «hull bo immediately diemissod. Iii o charge is ono of living in conjugal relation with two,women. Shepperd is a matricd man with a family, and tho dofenoo was mistaken idcntity.-'declaring his stopbiother was tho guilty person. ' The ^Yçsloyan Conference to-day dealt with the report of a committee appointed ito arrange matters in connection with 'tho establishment of a college to be called tho Quoon's Collcgo, to be affiliated with'the Mclbourno Unhcisity. Tho report stated that ai rangements had been made that'the college should bo opened on tho 14th March noxt' by Sir H. Loch. The Rev, E. H. Sugden, B.A., will bo appointed master, lho committee will .be euabled to offer seven scholarships of not less than £C>0 at the oponing, thanka to the liberality of a number , of , gentlemen. The report was adopted, and it was decidod that the colloge should bo plaocd under the management of 24 members responsible to tho Victoiian and Tasmanian conference. Sailod.-Pateena, s.s., for Launceston. Passengers-Saloon .-Sir Robt. Hamilton and suite, Rev. and Mrs. Taylor, Revs. H, Mitchell and chifd, E. ~T. Cox, W. R. Cunningham, Rev.íF.'Nealo, H. Greenwood, lion. E. N. C. Braddon, Di. and Mis. Giudinor, Mr. and Mrs W. M. Williams, Mr. and Mi B. J. W, Little ; Mesdames C. R, Grough, Evans, Donnelly, Farrelly, Aguow, Lucas, Dobson ; Misses Back, Pigott, C. Gough, E. Gough, Donnolly, Llcwollin, Mo Pherson, Turner, Bunn, Willis, Westyn, Keogh, Hayes, McGrath, Urquhart, Gates, Powoi (2), Pennefather, Violet liorbort, Taylor, Coopot, McMillan, N. McMillan ; Messes. A. J. Mooro, R. II. Halriugton, J. W. Fordham, Davidson, T Sherborne, Scott, W. Maorow, Arundol, J. W. Stanloy, W. P. Davies, Stiong, W. F. Bell, John Fitzgerald, Appleton,, D..Bartry,, Rcnell, Marshall, Camborne, Thureau, Belbin, Smith, Arimtago, W. A. Power, A. Tut noi, Gurdinor, \\\\\ Ti cleat cn, 0. Swan, lienofoui, Martin, Edwards, R. Geo, Brock; Masters Gough and Donnolly, and 00 in the otccragc. Commercial,-Wheat ia depressed at ils. 3d. Flour also casiei to £8 for stono made country. Oats -Calcutta, to 2s, 7d.; stout, 2s. lOd. Malting barley linn at 5s ; peas, :is. Od.; mui¿o, 3s. 3}d. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEV, Mo.ndav. The centennial oelebi attona wet e continued on Saturday night and Sunday. On Satin day night a free tiadc convoisaiiono was held in tho new Masonic Hall, when Sir Henty Parkes dolivcrcd an addicas on the progicssivoBtate of the colony under freo trade, and combatted the assertion that the Piotcctionist causo was making any great I lead u ay at tho present time, , United leligiouB services by the Piotcs 'tantChuichoB of Sydnoy, commcmoiativo of the centenary of Australia, were held in the Exhibition Building yesterday aftornoon. Bishop Bairy deliveiod an eloquent addicss, and wna followed by clergymen of othor de- nominations. Tho building would not hold half the pcopla who ti ¡ed to gain admission, Amougat thoso present wero :-The .Govoi tiois of Now South Wales, Viotoiia, South Auatialia and Queensland. A united choii numbering several bundled voices sung a selection of,sacicd music. I . r The Roman Catholic community hold a grund idigious ceremony in St. Mary's Cathcdial. Pontificial High Mass wub jjolcbratcd by Di. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, and the ptolatcs from most of tho Australian boob took part in the soi vices. I At tho Synagogue special centennial Bel vices wero made tho occasion of tho ?nauguiation of a hospital collection, and £100 was obtained. , ( A man named Gi ace has boon arrested at Armidale in connection with the murder of a minci named Stapleton. The polico aro confident lie is the right man. Mcssis. Gould and King's saw milla at Singleton have been burned to the ground, und £4,000 damage done. It is supposed to bo tho work of an incendia ry. ' ' » Tho ctickot match Victoiia v. New South Wales was continued to-day. , , , NEW SOUTH WALKS. ( First Innings. McDonnell, o Bruce, b Robertson .. 42 Mosca, not out.297 Massie, b Bruce . 1, Burton, b Trott .47' Jones, lbw, b Mcshane . . 27' Turner, c Boyle, b McShane... ., 2 , Doonan, b HcShane . 2' Wood, b Trott.81,, Garrett, c Blackhara, b Trumblo . 21 ' W. Richardson, st Blackbam, b Bruco . . 5 Sundries .í 29, ' Total .554 McShano, 3 wickets for 04 runs ; Trott, 3 wickets, for 49 runs. , Victoria. Second Innings. , Blackham, b Richardson ., 17 Bruco, b Garrett .24 Horan, not out. 05 Houston, lbw, bRichardson... .1 38 McShane, c Richardson, b Turnor ... ; 2 Walters, not out. <^ Sundries ... . 8 Total (for 4 wickets) ... Ï&7 QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, Monday. J. W. Rutter, lato Mayor of Rockhamp- ton, has pleaded guilty to a second charge of forging and uttering promissory notes to the amount of £2,500, and has been sen- tenced to seven years' ¡mpiisonmcnt on each count, tho sentences to bo concluront. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. i . ADELAIDE, Monday. ' Mr. H. Blaek, member of the South 'Ans tialian Bioyolu Club, has broken tho hundred mile road record, doing 104 miles in aotual riding, time 8 hours 17min. The steamer Tainan, from Hong Kong, arrived at Port Darwin on Saturday with li!, I,Il I 'Il < I five Chinese suffering from small-pox on* bourd. i i , mi / ,.i 1 ' i ' i ' ' Latkr. Respcctino tho an ¡val of the b.s. Tsinan with' small-pox - 'aboard, tho 1 Government Resident tolographs :-" Theioaro 303 souls on boardi and fivo cases' of small-pox. Tho captain ret usos to proceed on' tho' voyago." 'Dr. Parsons has been inttruoted to ; offer to tako the small-pox patients into quuianthic, ami) lot tho vessel t proceed or stay, ob tho i.aptain pleases. .n < nu 