TALLANGATTA. (FBOM OUB OWN COEBESPONDENT.) MONDAY, December 17. Another case of snakebite. A little girl, daughter of a highly-respected farmer named Daniel Duncan, of Mitta Mitta, was bitten by a snake on Friday evening while returning from the Junction school. Though only 13 years old, she had the presence of mind to tie a string around the leg above the wound, and then ran home, a distance of three-quarters of a mile, piece was cut out around the bitten part and some spirits administered, while others were putting a couple of fleet horses to a buggy, and etart made for Tallangatta, arriving here, a distance of nearly 30 miles, in a couple of hours. Dr. Thwaites thought she was dead, and it was some time before he succeeded in restoring animation. She is now, I am happy to say, out of danger, but her escape was miraculous. This is without a doubt the second time persons have been Baved from death by snakebite through a resident doctor at Tallangatta, as both were critical cases, and probably would have proved fatal if no medical aid were nearer than Yackandandah or Wodonga. The doctor says that if he were a few minutes later nothing could have saved her life. We had a downpour of rain on Saturday, which is calculated to do an immense service to the dis trict. It is better late than never. The bush-fires that were raging around us have been stopped, and that horrid smoke is cleared away. A stal wart clergyman, who was on a visit to Glendave during the week, praved incessantly for this blessing, but if it came through his agency he paid dearly for his philanthropy, as he bad to travel to Bethanga, as in duty bound, in the midst of a heavy fall of rain. I fancy when next he prays for rain he will calculate whether it will be beneficial to himself as well as the community at large. At a meeting of the Athenaeum committee held on Thursday evening, it was definitely de cided to add 30ft. to its length. A letter was read from the Lands Department inti< mating that a Crown grant for the site would be issued forthwith. This ought to relieve tbe committee of their responsibility, BB the bank will advance the necessary funds for building on the security of the property. A bazaar in aid of the building fund of the Soman Catholic Church will be held here during race week, in February March. I make the announcement at the re quest of the secretary, Mies Maggie Murray, I dare say the young lady's object was to ad' vertise cheaply. Who ever heard of anything being got from the churches for work and labor done except prayers 1 I notice that the clergy employ the prettiest of the fair sex to do the cadging business. This is rather ruinous to myself as well as others, as I am not an Adonis. But if Venus herself should solicit money from me in future she should get none, The bazaar, however, promises to be successful, Mr. Irwin, Inspector of Police, visited Tallan gatta last week. He has decided to have i second constable stationed here. I have drawn attention to this want on former occasions. As I will not bave the chance again, till the year 1888 will be a thing of the past and matter of history, I avail myself of the op portunity to wish you and your staff, your correspondents, and your host of readers " A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year." 