ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JULY 24. 1888. COTTON CULTIVATION. In no way does the unsettled charac- ter of agriculture in Queensland become more apparent to the farmer from the old country than in its variety. This shows it to be in its experimental phase. We have no large agricultural industries, unless the sugar industry may be considered of that description ; and it, unfortunately, is in a state which does not give much hope for its future permanence, let alone extension. The growing of corn on the Darling Downs and other suitable areas has been the means of maintaining in peace and com- fort a large population. Settlement has not been at all rapid ; the progress of arable agriculture has been slow. There are numerous products, the cultivation of which have seemed to promise ample rewards to those who engaged in any of them. Cotton, coffee, tobacco, the vine -all were thought to be the basis of popular industries. About the attempts made to create them such an interesting and instructive history might be written. The lessons taught by failure have, generally been so bitter and severe as to have completely prevented further efforts. Yet wo are not surprised to find, that an attempt is about to be made to resuscitate the cotton industry in the vicinity of Ipswich. There was a time when cotton growing promised to be an important factor in the promo- tion of colonial prosperity. " Its cultivation originated during the American Civil War," says The Queensland Guide, " and Queensland was regarded as the country from which large supplies would be derived by the cotton-spinners of England. Between 1868 and 1872 over twelve thousand acres were under this crop, but with the withdrawal of the bonus the growth of cotton has gradually dwindled down year by year to almost nothing. This is owing, Bimply, to Queensland being unable to compete with the cheap labour of thc South American States, and other cotton-growing countries. It is creditable to both the Govern- ment and the people of Queensland that the colony has no desire for, and offers no inducements to, industries which can only be road« profitable to the few, by the slavish toil and utterly inadequate payment of the many. The decision of thc people bas been tacitly agreed upon iu this matter, as surely as it has been avowedly with regard to the growth and manufacture of sugar. That Queensland can grow abundance of splendid Sea Island cotton is beyond a doubt, but that she will not do it with black slaves, or tho slavish unremuncrative labour of her own men, women and children is equally certain." In these circumstances the movement which has been commenced in Ipswich for the revival of the cotton trade, will be watched by farmers in other parts of the Colony with considerable interest. Cotton is now being successfully grown in Fernvale district-the growth oil maize is not remunerative-and this has led to a meeting being held at Ipswich to consider the subject. All the farmers present agreed that cotton could be successfully grown, and were unanimously of the opinion that some- thing should be done to revive the industry. Of course this something is to be done by the Government. What should be done was not very clearly stated, one farmer only suggesting the Government should deal with them as the Mackay sugar industry had been dealt with. We have yet to learn that the Central Mill system has been to any extent successful ; or that the change in the Bystem of sugar production which it was to inaugurate, has approved itself to any large body of growers. Before, when an attempt was made to grow cotton, the Government encouraged the industry by a bonus on the produce, but as soon as the sop was withdrawn pro- duction ceased. Something resembling a renewal of the Bystem is proposed. There are prominent reasons why this matter of cotton-growing in Queensland should receive the attention of colonists and agriculturists generally. One is that we import an immense quantity of cotton goods. Here are a few of the items from the Statistics for 1886: "Apparel and slops £191,295; cotton in the form of wick, waste, and piece goods, £131,029; drapery and haber- dashery £468,782 ; hats, caps, and bonnets, £56,856 ; millinery, £11,589. Could we grow our own cotton we should be able to make the bulk of the articles referred to. Besides retaining the money in the country we would be able to encourage the industries indi- cated, and create consumers for our home-grown food stuffs. The cotton industry is one of the largest in the United States, East Indies, Brazils, West Indies, and Egypt, and, directly and indirectly, gives em- ployment to great numbers of people. Then there is this to be con- sidered, that the plant may be success- fully grown in this Colony. It is of the same natural order as the Hibiscus, of which so many varieties flourish in our gardens, and in the bush. Our coast country would be admirably adapted for it. The Sea Island cotton, i which is the best produced, when grown [ inland becomes seedy and short in the \ staple. Then, again, it ia a dry-weather -we had almost written, a dry belt plant. Too much rain is productive of weeds in the ground, and wood in the plant. A dry harvest, which could almost always be calculated upon, is essential to a sound safe crop. The great difficulty will be in coonee I tion with the labour. When the crop is ripe a large number of hands are required for the picking, and then it is the cheap labour tells on the cost of the article. Machines have been invented which separate the seeds from the fibre, but none can be invented, which will walk round the cotton plants and pick off the bursting pods. Our sugar industry has been brought to a low pass, because the producers cannot turn out the merchantable article at as low a rate as cane-growers in countries where cheap labour is available. Before soliciting Government assistance for the erection of cotton-cleaning machinery, we hope the West Moreton farmers will apply themselves to this labour ques- tion, and show bow the difficulties in ; connection with it are to be overcome. I It is announced ia the Courier that a sale of Crown land is shortly to be held at Barcal- dine. Probate was granted in the Supreme Court laBt week in the estate of Jane Cooke, widow, Ute of Rockhampton, to Willoughby Han- nam, civil engineer. The personalty is £520. Mr. Ross, manager of the Yeppoon Sugar Company's Plantation, in a letter to tbs Secretary (Mr. Gavin), says he has manufao. tured already this season 100 tons of sogar. Tba yield of the crop is about a ton of Bugar to the acre-aa average very much below that of last season. Included in the area cut so far ie a quantity of rattoons. Only about twenty-five tons of sugar have reached town yet. The Maranoa's place on the Brhbane to Cooktown line, at this week end, is to be taken by the B.I.8.N. Company's steamship Waroonga. The Maranoa is in dook in Sydney. The Waroonga leaves Brisbane at noon on Saturday, and is dae at Keppel Bay on the ¡Sunday evening. She leaves Cooktown on the return voy «ge at 9 a.m. on the following Saturday, and having completed tbe ronna trip, will take up her runniug on the Mel- bourne to Normanton line. With volumes of smoke visible daily on the outskirts,of the town, and on the slopes of the Berserkers, it ÍB almost needless to siy bush- fire« are prevalent. From all quarters we hear of them. A few days «go we referred to the damage they had done in the direction of Cawarral. Now wc hear of the destruction they bave wrought about Gracemere and Kalira. Miles and miles of country have been denuded of vegetation, which, though dry it was, was of some valu». Settlers' fences, too, have been bumed to the groand, and other damage done. In fact, to use the « ords of a resident, there has been no stopping the flames. They have caught up cvetychingin their way-feucea. gurdens, grass, herbage, Ac., Ac; and it is only wlieo they were beaten to the edge of some creek that they coul i be got under. So far, we are pleased to say, no homestead has been hurt, and the loases of selectors are nnt so great but what, after a pleutcnus fall of rain has occurred, they may soon recover from. Home papers which reached us yesterday contained accounts of the «ec.ind annual dinner of Queenslanders in Londou, which was held about tho middle ol' last month. Among thoBu present were the following : ' Colonel Wilbraham, Dr. Stanton, and Messrs. J. Ferguson, W. K. D'Arcy, J I,. Adams, and E. H. Hogers. Sir At thur Hodgson pre- sided, and in an interesting remiuiscei.t speech gave thc toast of " The Colony of Queens- land " Tl>e toai-t was duly honoured, and acknowledged by Sir K. W. Hubert, Under- secretary of State for the Colonie-. From thc remarks of thc latter gentleman we learn the Chairman intends soon to pay the colony another visit. Sir Arthur t ame to Queens- land as far back as 1834, travelling overland from Maitland, " encamping on the Darling Downs without any water for his party or bis bones, and surrounded by wild blacks." On the baoqoet table waa a specimen of pure gold, weighing 2178 oz., of the value of £7333, From the Welsh Mount Morgan mine, lt was the result of only three weeks' work. There ware no oust for nearing at th Polios Court yesterday. * i The only notice in the Government QobtUt of Saturday last of interest to residents in the Central district b that annonnoing tbs re admittance of Mr. G. C. Neech to tbs »er vice of the Education Department as a teacher of class IL, division 3, and bb appointment as head master of tho Blackall State School. TbeA.U.S.N. Compaay'siteamship Dolphin has returned from Normanton, and is again engaged in our river traffic. She Ia nader the command of Captain W. Fleming. Con- sequently on the arrival of the Dolphin, tba Truganini has bren removed. She left in tow of tue Archer, s.s., on Saturday for Brisbane. The result of the application made by Queensland to thé London market must be considered satisfactory, says the Melbourne Argue. The average price obtained for the 8} per eeoc, loan of £2,500,000 is £95 2s. Sd. This is nearly as targe an the average (£95 14«. 3d.) obtained in 1881 fora four far cent. loan of £1,089,500. Following are the nominations received by the Bon. Secretary, Mr. S. B. Williams,,for the Alpha Handicap and Hurdle Race, to bs ran at Alpha on Wednesday :- Alpha Handi- cap: Cupid, Exile, Rifleman, Crazy .Jane,. Rosebank, R-ckiagbam, Delaware, Saltas, Forester, and B'ue Peter. Handicap Hurdle Race : Cupid, Treasurer, Rockingham, Archer, and Frolic. Messrs. Groom and Stuart, of the Brisbane Exchange, inform us a powerful syndicate bas been formed in that city for the purpose of erecting skating rinks at Rockhampton, Townsville, ic. It bas a capital of £10,000. The directors have secured the services of Mr. James M ac M uh OD to superintend opera- tions, aud open each rink. A certain pro- portion of the shares has been reserved for apportionment looally in the towns named. The cold winds prevail again. Yesterday the mercury dropped to 50° ' indoon, and' not. onoe daring the preceding twenty-four tours did it rise above 71°in the shade. At Brisbane it. was down to 39°, abu indoors j and at 9 a.m. yesterday ice could be seen at Alpha in the open air. There have been a few isolated showers-Rockhampton and Nebo, however, being the only places so visited. Here the register was only 0*1 in., and at Nebo so light was the fall as not to be worth measur- ing. With these exceptions dry weather re- mains general. Selectors and others will learn with interest that at the Rockhampton Botanio Gardens Mr. Edgar bas grape vine cuttings ready for distribution, and that a number of two-year old seedling orange trees are available for sub-, scribers who wish to plant them. Mr. Edgar says :-This is not a good season for planting, but anyone having, ground ready might by watering be able to keep them growing until the rain comes, and in this way save a year. In another month it will be too late to plant orange trees. A serious accident-the first, we believe happened yesterday on the Ema Park line, between the fire' and six mile peg. Directly after lunch a number of men got ou a ballast truck, in order to proceed to their work from the place where they bad had their meal. Amongst their number waa a man named Connor, who placed bis foot on the break-iron in order to jump on to tbe truck. Either the iron gave wa>, or Connor's foot slipped, but the unfortunate man fell be- neath the wheel, which pasted over bis left leg just below the knee-cap. The bene was crushed, and the knee-cap very much bruised. Connor's fellow-workmen placed him on a railway truck, and he was. brought up in this manner as far as tb« ter- minus of the Hue. From there he was removed to a spring oart, end conveyed to the Hospital. Here bis injuries were discovered tobeol such a description that amputation was found to be necessary. The operation was successfully performed by Dr. YOBS and Dr. Brannigan, but the shock to the system is of such a. nature that at present it is impossible to fore- tell the results. In the Supreme Court, Brisbane, on Friday, before His Honor the Chief Justice, ia re J. W. Rutter, an insolvent, at present a confinée in St. Helens, Mr. G. R. Byrne for Mr. Carl Harden, the trastee in J. W. Rutter's estate ; Mr. T. J. Byrnes for E. R. Carpenter, a creditor; Mr. Real, with him, Mr. Lilley, for the A J.S. Bank ; Mr. F. W. Wilson for the trustee iu C. W. Bucknells settlement ; Mr. Sband for George Heath, the mortgagee. This was a motion by the trastee for direction as to the ownership of certain properties in Ratter's «state at Rockhampton. After hear- ing counsel, His Honor said that this was a matter for interpleader and made the follow- ing order :-Let a proceeding be taken io the nature of an issue, in which Carl Harden, George Health, aud the A.J.S. Bank will be defendants, and Mr. Carpenter plaintiff, the question to be tried to be who ls entitled to interest in thc property and possession of the deed ; each party to file a statement of his interest, and to be heard before me on.Friday 10th August; leave to give evidence viva voce or by affidavit, and my judgment will be in the nature of a decree ; the costs of al) parties are reserved, but the trustee in the Insolvency is to be paid the costs of Bucknell's triste« in all theie proceedings, and include them in bia. statement of costa to be dealt with by the Court ; the affidavits already filed to be allowed to be read on the bearing. Dnder the heading of "Church Work in Queensland" the following appeared in 7he European Mail ot the 15th of Jun« t-" On Juno ll a meeting was held at the Mansion House to consider the present condition of church work in Queensland, and the possi- bility of eBt.blisbing a new see in the Rock- hampton distrioL uard Brassey occupied the chair, aad amongst those present were Lord Carnarvon, Lord Addington, Alderman Waite bead, and a large number of bishops and clergymen. The Bishop of Brisbane, the Hight Kev. Dr Webber, in a abort intro- ductory speech, gave a sketch of the proposal for tbe eawblisbment of tho now sea and the estimated cat ol properly endowiug it. Nor- thern vueenaland Waa already provided for, autl thc new diocese would come off that of BiisSinc, thc area of which at present was 414.000 square miles, or moro than Bevon times as large as all the Euglish and Welsh dioceses put together, lt was proposed to sever tlie ceutrul portion of the colouy. of which Kocklmmpton would be tbe capital, au-i erect it ¡uto a separate diocese. The new diocese would cut in about 223,000 Bquarc miles, and it had a population of ov. r 50 000. Kor this pu' pose a capital of £15."00 »as required. Of this, however, £41)1)0 hud already been olitaiue I. and there remained a balun eof £11.000, without which it would tte useless for him to rcturu to Bris- bane. A outlier sum of £10 000 wis required to provide a stipend foi an archdea< ou mis sio er, besides a sum of £7000, whi h was required lor additional ciergy in outlying p.rts nf the diocese, and money »as al sc ask <l for to provide (burches aud Sunday edin.,1 dui dings, to pay off a mortgage ol £3.>U0, and fur the erection of a catii.dral. Liri Carnarvon moved a resolution to thi effect tlia the meetin ; recognised thc urgent nee ' for thc establishment of another diócesi in Queensland, and hoped that the scheme fol the Inundation of a diocese at Rockhainptoi would receive liberal support at borne. The resolution, which was seconded by Alder man Whitehead, and supported in a vigoro ni and practical speech by the Bishop of Nortl QueeusUnd, was unanimously carried. Lore Addiue,ti*n, who took the chair in place o Lor , Brassey-who was compelled to leavi early- beu moved ** that this meeting full] rea ises that it is vital to the interests of tb. Church a d tmportsnt to the welfare of thi colony that the objects contemplated by tb Bbhop ot Brisbane's {nod should be carrie out, and that the requisite funds should t raited without delay." The resolution wt ably seconded by Canon Kuox- Little ap unanimously carried, and a list of subscrii tiona in aid of the movement was subsequent! announced." Taking advantage of the clear moonligh the Scottish Volunteers-numbering tbirt; two-held a special parade last eveninj 8hortty after 8 p.m., the corps, to the mus of pipe and drums, proceeded to the Non side, where an hour's skirmishing, along tl river bank, waa gone through. Captai Gavin, Lieutenant MIntosb and. Stat Sergeant Colquhoun were the officers i attendance. In a letter just received by the Secretary i the Chamber of Commerce, that body ia urge by the Clermont Town Council to agitato fe tbeimmodiate exteneionof the Central Itaitwa beyond Barcaldine. Though action has bee taken in the matter already, it is pleasing t notice that residents in other parts of tl Central District are taking an interest in tl (natter. Besides, thc fact bears out the Hoc W. Pattison's observation that the wor is one that concerns not Rockhampton alon« bat people living in all partB ot the wester district. A meeting of gentlemen took place at Monckton's Hotel last evening, says the Mount Mongan Chronicle, for the purpose of forming a cricket club here. There was fair amount of business put through, and we are sure success will attend their efforts. Twenty-eight names were given in, which speaks well for the prosperity of the Mount Morgan Cricket Club. The following genth nen were duly elected to fill the various offices. Presieont, W. J. Hall, Esq.; Vice President, W. Monckton, Esq.; Secretary Mr. James A. Butler ; Treasurer, Thomas Heaps Esq. The Government having had under cou ?{deration the represcutaltous made to thor In reference to the Western wool trade, hav decided to lower the freight for wool cumin; from all stations from Yeulbah wcBt t Charleville, thc terminus of the Souther! .nd Western line, lt was represent«'! to th Minister for Railways lust week that Yculbal weald'tap all the traffic from the station around St. George, so the reduction is to b made from thc westward, the rates being alu reduced pro rain as far as Charleville, iron which station the wool rate is set down at £( per ton, mcaotug a reduction of 16 psr ceo on the ordiuary rates. From a calculatiot made for the (ioveromeot it waa fouod tha the weight of wool carried from Yeulbah au< stations westward on our lines in 1887 wa 2430 tons. This represented earnings to thi amount of £13,318 ; which, if the proposed 1( per cent reduction had then prevailed, would have been reduced to £11,187, a possible los of £2131. But on thc other hand, if tin lower rate had induced tho additional 200( tons of wool which weot hy New South Walei to come by our linc, the IOHO tons from Yeul hah at say 90*. Gd. a ton and thc 1000 toni from Charleville at Kay 120s Sd. a ton, woolc have produced £4525 «nd £0021 respectively, avtotal gain of £10,540, or a net gain oi ^sBalS. /\A meeting called in aid of tho extcntiot of Sietbodism in Queensland, was held in th) Wesleyan Church, Campbell-street, "lasi night. The clergy present were the Rev. T, B. Holmes (Pastor), Kev. Woolcock, and Rev. W. H. Rogers. Thc Rev. T. B. Holm« Opened tho proceedings by leading thc assemblage, which waa a email one, in the hymn, "Hail to the Lords' anointed." Ht then called upon the Mayor, Mr. Kiduey Williams, to preside, incidentally mmtioninj the fact that that gentleman bsd done ec twelve months ago in a moro private capacity. Mr. Williams said bc had bern invited tc preside over tho meeting hy their Pastor, Mf£ Holme«, and the invitation had been Sup- ported by the Kev. Mr. Rngci-e. and as he was always of thatdispotdtlon wblch complied ' with the wishes of others, he had aecepted the invitation. In bringing tho object of the tneiting before those present, Mr. Williams vrsed fiat they should congregate together ana subscribe funds ta keep the Wesleyan Church alive. The Rev. T. B. Holmes was theo called upon to read the annual report, but before doing so he asked permission to congratulate Mr. Williams upon the position he held in the city, remarking that this was the first meeting he had had the opportunity of doing so «ince that gentleman was elected to the Mayoralty. Mr. Holmes then road extracts from the twenty-third annual report of the Queensland Wesleyan Methodist Home Mission and Contingent Fund, in whose interests the meeting was held. From it we extract the following :--Early in the year it , became clear to thc committee that the assis- tance needed by some of our circuits for 1887 maid not bo rendered unless the iacomo of the fund were very much increased. Therefore, for the purpose of deepening the interest of those already in sympathy with the aims of the committee, to create sympathy where it had not hitherto existed, aod to raise the re- quired increase of fundí, the Rov. J. A. Kolan, chairman of tho district, accompanied by the secretary, visited ia May last all the circuits on thc western Hue. In July, the .ecretary (Rev. W. Halse Rogen) went as a deputation to our northern circuits. There can bs no doubt that these deputation efforts have benefited the fund, for not only have the contributions for the Eresent year greatly increased, but BUcb an iterest iu our work baa been awakened, that if in the future regular aunual visits can be añade to all our circuits, it is certain onr annual Income will soon amount to £600, a figaro which is tho very lowest we ought to entertain as a minimum income for such a faed as this-a fund upon which depends, (nore than upon any other agency, the cunsoli dation of p.st work, aud our future develop- ment in every department of church enterprise. While referring thus to deputa- tions, the kimi co- np*raticu of superinten- dents of circuits, aud the zeal and ecergy displayed by collectors, are gratefully recog- nised, and tho committee not only ask for a continuance of this aid, but would most earnestly impress upoj our ministers aud collectors that on theo, depends, in a great measure, that growth of thc income o.' the fund which is necessary to meet the appeals for assistance to purchase BÍICS for Sabbat h schools, cbutches, and parsonages, and to establish and uiainUiii religious ordin anees amongst thc tinny small and scattered communities in the colony Mr. Holmes, further summarising I be report .tated the teceipts for tim year were £360 Os. ld. Church erections had be n made at Brisbane, Wesley, Piinpa.ua, I pswich, Charters Towers, Townsville, and Rockhampton-at the latter place the expenditure was £-230 on Ihe Port Curtis Road Church and £2Hoo school improvement. Meutiou was also made of th« fact that sites for churches had been purchased at Mottot Morg.in aud elsew here, and Messrs W. aud J. Whitman bad given . plot of land at Yeppoon. Mr. Rogers, the travelling tcirctary on behalf of the institutions then delivered an appeal to tho congregation, »ski og them to contribute in a more liberal muoiicr than they did last year, liv pointed out that various frants had been mode to thc Rockhampton ¡strict from the loan fund, and said if these were to bc continued iu future it was only right that thc p «plc should respond in a liberal manner. The Mhwiou ought to receive at least £500 a-ycar. Last yc»r it was only £360 and a penny-that was about 8d. per head-the price of a pat of jim-from the members of the Church. What they asked for this year was that ls. 4d. per head the price of two pots of jam - which would mean about £700 should be col- lected. Mr. Kocers referred to the ad- vances which bad been made in connection with the Wesleyan connections in Rockhamp- ton and at Mount Morgan, and said if they expected any more in the future they muBt subscribe as liberally, and more so, than they had done in the paat. A collection waa I taken at the clpse of Mr. Rogers'» address, and also the names of intending subscribers. A raagio lantern exhibition was subsequently given, which was fully enjoyed by the juve- niles and their seniors who were present. The thirty-second half-yearly report of the I Queensland National Bank baa been pub- lished. It shows the net profits for the six months ended tho 30th of June (after pro- vision had bien made for rebate on bills current, interest accrued on deposits, and bad debts) were £51,301 19s. 9(1. 't hia, with £10.382 15s. 6d. carried forward for the previous half-year, lett available £64 081 13s. 3d.; but deducting; £4800 6s. lld. for the tax on noto circulation, the directors had £50 884 7s 4d. tn apportion. They therefore proposed that £39,138 go to the payment of a dividend at the rate of twelve per cent per annum, that £10,000 be carried to the reserve fund (increasing it to £335,000), and that j £10,746 "a. 4d. be carried forward to the next half-year. The seventy-first report of the Australian Joint Stock Bank presented to the proprietors at the half-yearly general meeting on Thurs- day, stitts that the net profits for the half year, after deducting rebiteon bills, interest j on fixed deposits, paying all chargea at head office, and 123 branches, and making ample j provision for ali bad and doubtful debts, amount to £42,591, to which has to be added thc balance of undivided profits from 31st. December las', £81119, making available for j diBtrihutioo £51,210; which the directors re- ' commend to be appropriated as follows :-To I i reserve fund, £10,000 ; to dividend at rate j of ten per cent., per annum, £25,000 ; to bonus ot 2s. per share, equal to 2J p>-r cent., per auuum, £0250, leaving a balance to be I carried fortran! of £9960. Arrangements wet« completed yesterday I morning, says Thursday's Courter, for the visit of thc Vi -eregal party to the Mel I bourne lixhi'.jtion to attend the opening cere- monies Hil« Excellency Sir Anthony Mus- grave, with Lady Musgrave and atteudod by I tho aide-iie-ca tip, Ciptain Badeu-l'owcll, will travel as far as Sydocy in thc Govcrn I ment Hteatti yacht Lucinda, leaving Brisbane for that port at 10 o'clock on the morning of j Thursday next. The vesBul should arrive iu J I'ort Jackson in good time on Saturday morn- ing, and after a brief stay at Government House, Sydney, tho Viceregal party will accompany I .ord and Lady Carrington in their special train to Melbourne. There they will be tho gucBts of -ir Henry Loch nt j Government House for about a week, return- ing overlau I to Sydney, and thence by water, intending to arrive again ia Brisbane about tho I2tb AuguBt, in time for the opening of Parliament on the 14th. Mr. VV. J. Taylor, Secretary of the Mounted Infantry Corps, invites those who signed the petition to the Commaudant to meet at the j Council Chambers at eight o'clock to morrow j evening. The Swiss Mountain Singers-popularly ' termed the Jungfrau Kapelle-are expected i I to arrive here to-morrow morninir, aud will ' perform in the "-'ehoot of Arts in the evening. I We learn that no less than a hundred seats have been booked for the first night, and relatively large numbers for the second and j thirds -livery important «ale of landed property is shortly to be held by Mr. G. S. Curtie. That gentleman has been instructed by the Primitive Methodist Corporation if rc to put j up for auction the wholt of the block of laud situated at thc corner af Bolsover and Fitzroy Streets, and comprising the Fitzroy-stroct Church, the )!ov. »V. Powell's residence, and the shops between. It bas a frontage of j 133 ft. to Bolsover-street and 90 ft. to Filzroy etreet, and will be sold in one lot. Full ptrticulara will be found in our advertising I columns,^-' ^MfTd. F. MaoMaboo is once more in our Tmdst, this time with an organisation of an uuueual character, lt is termed " Dampier* Mar Dramatic Company," and includes the famous young comedienne Miss Lily Dampier j and Mr. Alfred Dampier, with a este of about twenty-five artistes. The season will be a short one-probably it will be limited to | five nights-and the special feature is the Shakespearean plays, iu whioh Miss Dampier has attained such a reputation. On tho omening night-next Monday-tbe production »ill be Petitt'e celebrated play "The Green Lanes of ICugland." Mr. James MacMahoo will arrive in a day or two to make the final arrangements, and the stage effects will be as | perfect as is compatible with the space at the disposal of the company, *'Rouan ou PILES"-Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaran- teed. Ask for " Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles.-ADVT. " ROUGH ON RATS."-Clears out rata, mice, roaches, Hie«, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At ¡ chemists and druggist's.-ADVT. Merited praise.-The universal preiss bes- towed upon DB. BELL'S BITTENS as flo iovalu able remedy for all disorders vf the kidneys, liver and bowels, is well merited. Its virtues are universally known, and ita cures are re- ported on all sides. Many obstinate cases have succumbed to it after they had been given up by tbs doctors, and a thorough treatment will never fall to cure. Sold hy all druggists. Time is money.-Time and money will bo saved by keeping Da. BELL'S BIJTEBS in the j bouse. It is aa iuvalaable remedy for all dis- orders of the kidneys, liver aud bowels, and for all diseases arising from obstruction of these organs. It bas cured many obstinate cases alter hundreds of pounds had been paid I to physicians without obtaiulng relief. It cur. a constipation, piles, biliousnets, and all kindred disorders. Keep it by yon. A gasometer exploded on Saturday morning at Montreal, causing great damage, aud it is believed, serious loss of life. Fifteen to twenty meo, who were in the neighbourhood at the time, are supposed to have been killed. Five b'iilicB have been recovered, and the re- mainder are thought to be buried in the debris. The explosion occurred at the Mon- treal GM Company's works at Hotchc'aga, a northern quarter of Montreal. Tho building j was uudergoing repairs, aud the cxp'osiott occurred through a leak of gae which became ¡guiled from a lantern foolishly carried into the works. Some painters, who were ut work . on tbe roof, were blown fifty feet in tho air. It in supposed that es many as thirty pei sons were «tore or less injured. The building is a j total w reek, nothing bat the pillars remaining stauding. Tho property io th» vicinity was much damaged. Seven bodies have been re- covered according to latest advices, Mobt of thcic were found to be only slightly bruised, aud death evidently occurred j from Mtffocation. The works are situ at"d iu a crowded district, and the explosion caused a tcrrib'e pint-. Tue scene tit first was one of indescribible con- fusion and alarm, the wives and inotbcrB of ! thc wot knien rushing frantically about the strei t» seeking for their relatives or fur news of them. I"bc full extent of the damage j wrought by the explosion is a« yet unknown. Mr. Maxim has invented a new quick firing ¡1 pounder gun, which is aim ist auto- matic ia its action. It is the application on a lat uer scale of the system elaborated by Mt. Maxim some time ago, when he made annie alterations in the Martini-Henry rifle. His new gun lias the appearance ot a quick-firing 3-pouiidcr, is mounted on a cone in thc same manner, and trained by a crutch against which the shoulder of the gunner rests. The gun ia worked io thc following manner. When it is loaded and thc trigger is pulled its turrel re coils 4 in., the breech remaining closed during the nci.il. When, however, the birrcl returus tn thc firing position the breech block is thrown downwards, the hammer cocked, and the empty cartridge ejected, the breech block remaiuing down until another cartridge is introduced. The act of placing the cartridge in thc chamber liberates the block, which rises instantly, closing tbe breech, when the gnn is again ready for firing. In thia way tba gun, after being once started, may be fired any number of time» ; all that ls necessary for the gunner to do ia to place the cartridges in the chamber. Mr. Maxim's gun has been tried at Erith in the presence of representa- tives of the War Office, and given such satis- faction that two guns of the same pattern have been ordered by the War Office, while Mr. Maxim has also been requested to con- struct a 12 pounder on the same principle for the Government. 