WIIOLEIALU DF.ITIiUU'MON OF TIM UIIU. to nu. Huron or nie Annus. Sir,-Would )ou kindly nerum me soma spue« ni vour i sicruieii paper to discuss s fin t Hint must sei mils I) nlTttt lim chuinte ni this count!) sooner or later, vi/ ,the wholesale tient ruction nf umber. It really seems its it there ia no greater enemy to civilisation than u tree mid timber. It ia true where a treu atan Is there ia no wheat growing, bat 1 nihill« to the devastations going on III Hie public reseñes called limber reseñes No animer is a block cleariiil-anil one goes in Ihn pieaeut iluy ula rapid pace-than it is tillered lor sids and alienated (Lund Hoard. Horsham) 111 Hernani) there ure toreáis winch would gun room to hundreds tit thousands ol Mettler«, mid «till Hie people ure allowed to emigrate baciiiiau the Government ama - '' Let them go where they like; we caiiiint du iiwii) willi Hit! lorcstB ; ive eniiiint do without them, ' Heanles there are vast arena of aplaudid timber, well looked niter mid cultivated, held lu puvate liatiils, not only jp mountainous disiiicts, but ni the moat fertile plaina lu Swi|, erlernt mid T>rol, it is stilted by nutlioniie«, Hint hail alornis occurred lu louilmea noon alter they were defon sled where theru win not a singh) hailstorm uver belora re-menil eri'il. To any uny more about Hie lieneliuial His lluence of foresta on the climate would ha pouring water into the oennii, D| course, theil' nie forests jet in the " western dis- trict 'ami lu Gippsland, but how will it lode In the Wimmern idler another 10 j ears! There is not the least young growth HI His prisent timber reservas in Ihe plum tit lint Wimmera district, because they ure let for a nominal rental, though every iorealer knows that lhere ia nothing more Inimical to loresc growth thun cattle and sheep. Thev sppeur on the map under the name ol timber reserven ; but, oil Inspección, they luuk more like the "Sallara" than an)tiling else. Of collrae, the rent and sale of Crown lauds ewell the revenue of Ihe pre sentday, hut tina will have to cmiao sooner or later, it cannot go mi «ii inftmtum. 'lo seo riches winch it cook hundred ot >curs m accumulate wusied m HIICII a bin huron« way, without uny replacing whatever, makes one S heart blued, Now, 11 Hiera were more altin gent rules in connection with the umber reserves, the lamiera would more easily get rid ol Hie wood which they aro obliged to remove. There would not be so much waste- ful burning ol timber, and there would be lewer bushfire«:. -Youra, iic, ...,,". Duc. JJ. _ VV1MMI.H/V 