THE whole question of the appointment of colonial Governors is indirectly raised by the action of Sir THOMAS M'ILWRAITH. That gentleman has notified to the Secretary of State for the Colonies that the Queensland Government claims to be consulted in the appointment of a successor to the late Sir Anthony Musgrave, and this claim must be held to imply a right of veto, which, in turn, means a com manding voice in the appointment itself. If Sir T. MTuvraitii’s demand be allowed, we may be. sure that it will be repeated on the part of the other colonies as occasion serves. The sequel is obvious. If the Imperial Government surrenders its prerogative of the appointment of colonial Gover nors, it will hardly care to preserve the right or privilege of a mere advisory nomination. The colonies will be left to elect their own chief political officers. This right or privilege has often been contended for on somewhat inconsistent grounds. On the one hand we have "been told that a ripe colonial experi ence forms one of the most desirable qualifications of a colonial Governor, and therefore who so fit to choose the best man as the colonists themselves. On the other it is averred that a Governor is a mere automaton of form and precedent, that any sufficiently distinguished colonist would meet the requirements of the position as well as an average appointment by the British Government, that in fact as there is nothing particular for a Governor to do, the duties may as well be com mitted to the hands of an intelligent colonist as to those of anybody else; better, in fact, as in the former ■ case the people would be able to convey the highest possible token ■of respect and regard to such as they, from time to time, delighted to honor. It may be supposed that, in the •case of Queensland, this apparent dis position to sever one of the few remain ing visible ties which unite her to Great Britain, arises from a series of •■unpleasantnesses which commenced in the refusal of the Imperial Cabinet to endorse the quasi annexation of New ■ Guinea by the Queensland Govern ment, was revived in the refusal of that colony to accept for her own part the Naval Defences Bill which was outlined and agreed to at the Imperial and Colonial Conference, and since kept alive by minor differences between •Imperial and judicial officers and the Queensland Executive. The exegesis ■of the discord, however, is of secondary importance. The main point is that 'Queensland proposes anew de parture, which virtually commits :the other colonies to also a simi lar new departure. The appointment of Governors is a game at which no single colony can play a lone hand. If it be .true that Yictoria-andNew South Wales-have no power nor right to in terferein Queensland's .home politics, it.is just as true that .these, or any other of the colonies have a right to .protest;and remonstrate i£ Queensland home politics assume a development which means constructive -coercion to •the rest of the Australian group, at is merely begging the question to .contend for the abstract right of any one colony to do as it will in the matter of the appointment .of its -supreme civ.il.officer. At any rate such a .right is not at present disputed, and in fast is not -involved. ■ The issue is one of not abstract right, hut -of expediency, even if we assume (that the office of Governor could be as well filled by a retired Brisbane merchant as a veteran diplomat. The right of a.colony to nominate its own Governor would simply mean the vest ing of an enormous new power in the ■dominant political party. The right ( to nominate would involve the right to remove, a right which ire may be i very sure would be insisted on in times when party warfare ran high and victory inclined alternately to either ■ide. It is out of all reasonable likeli hood that the tenure of office permitted to a Governor so chosen would . exceed three years, and the succeeding j Selections, no matter how conducted,, would form occasions for display of the .most vehement and unscrupulous parti sanship. And, when all was said and done, the Governor would be only the; executive officer of the majority, in Parliament. In other words he would be a Governor only in name. As it is we see more than a little turmoil*' excitement, waste of time and money, and many other undesirable associa tions connected with our triennial elections. What would it be if we had to elect Governors as well ? What is it in America nowl The President of the United States is sup posed to be the neutral executive officer of the constitution. In theory it would matter but little whether he were per sonally a Red Republican or an ultra Democrat. Yet, for months before the Presidential election, all the States are in a seething ferment of excitement, and the bitterest and fiercest animosity is displayed by each of the great political parties towards the other. Within the past few days the Americans have done that which in ordinary circum stance's, would have been to Britain an insult so grave as to call for a full apology or an appeal to arms. Yet the rejection of the fisheries treaty and the dismissal of - the British ambas sador at Washington are well under stood on the American side to have been merely a piece : of unscrupulous election dodgery, and it is clear that Britain compassionately declines to in terpret the insult according to its pos sible meaning. Apresidental election in the States is said to be little better than a carnival of bribery, falsehood, scandal, and general misrule, costing accord ing to a high American authority two milllious of money. It is an institution which we are by no means desirous of acclimatising in Aus tralia. These are the macters'which call for consideration in connection with Sir Thomas MTlwraith’s heroic attitude towards the British Secretary of State. And they give to the other colonies at least a moral right to claim a voice in the settlement of the ques tion of the election or nomination of future Governors. In accordance with the law of the country the Presidential election in the United States came off yesterday, i the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. Possibly the final result may not reach us for some days. It is just an even century since George Washington, the father of his country, was chosen with enthusiastic con gratulations as chief magistrate of the United States. Including him, there have been up to the present 22 Presi dents, of whom some died during the currency of their term of office, and others have been re- elected to the office. The Presidents thus honored were Washington, Jefferson, Madi son, Monroe, Jackson, and Grant. In no case has the office been held for more than two terms, and prior to the present election Grant is j the only instance of the re-election of a President since that of Andrew Jackson in IS2S. The salary attached to the office is 50,000 dollars, or £lO,OOO per annum, with residence and moderate allowance. The choice ! of a President interests the outside world considerably, as it indicates any pronounced changes in the political temper and belief of the United States as a whole, and is in so far an indica tion of the national policy. In the present case the division lies between those who would maintain at all risks and even increase the existing scale of protective duties, and those who recog nising that the consumers are, in many I respects, overtaxed, and that legitimate enterprise is handicapped by the operation of the present tariff - , would revise it with a view of correcting anomalies, but with no acknowledged purpose of edging towards free trade. Harrison may be taken to represent the former and • Cleveland the latter party. Although the president, as such, is supposed to be neutral, and although under the American constitution he cannot interfere with legislation, any further than to veto the passing of measures to which he personally objects, yet, as we have stated elsewhere, the Presidential election campaign is accepted on all sides as the great periodical fight between the chief political parties. In the preliminary skirmishing the candidates are, to a great extent, re garded as the impersonal embodiments of certain political doctrines, and it is undeniable that the fight is rather for the doctrines than the men. The abuse, often grossly libellous, which is cast at -the opposing candi date is well understood to be merely an item in the tactics of the fight for a majority. As between the present candidates the chances of Mr Harrison have all along and ad mittedly rested upon the ability of his party to discredit Mr Cleveland with the electors at large. In December last President Cleveland sent to Congress a message which suggested tariff revision in the interest of local consumers and manufacturers. His J opponents now charge him with secretly endeavoring to deliver his country over to the ruinous competition of free trade, and in favor of Great Britain. The Canadian Fisheries Convention and its result are triumphantly cited as evi dence that the President would sacrifice American to British interests. All this is known by the better informed men of both parties to be falsehood and bun kum in about equal proportions. But such stories may have a dangerous in fluence when crystallized, iuto party cries for the delectation of the lower class of voters, and Mr Cleveland’s counterplot, wherein lie unexpectedly proposed to gofurther in spreadeagleism than the most rampant republican had proposed to go, • was only a retort in kind. It is to be hoped now that the contest is ended, that the President elect, be it Cleveland or Harrison, will have the courage to apologise to the Government of Great Britain for the insults and outrage the two parties, for election purposes, have perpetrated upon the old country. The special meeting of the Ballarat Town Council on Monday settles, so far as the council is concerned, the very important question of tramways for Ballarat East. It is not to be supposed that any objection will be raised against the granting of the ne cessary powers to the municipal coun cil, so that we may expect to see the electric ears running in the town streets before the close of the' next coming year. .The council have made what seems to be a very advantageous ar rangement. The rent or royalty payable by the company will go far to provide, for, .street . maintenance on the lines.taken by tfre.cars; as much of this i maintenance will now; fall on the tram proprietorsj’ At the end of 30 years the; whole . permanent ; way reverts {to .the corporation, which will thus inherit a property which, by the time mentioned, will probably be of immense value. It is also a good thing that the contractors' do hot bind Ithemselves'to anyr it present known, system,-but merely - undertake to avail themselves from; time. to time of the best and latest improvements. In the present transition and rapidly expand ing state of applied electrical science any other arrangement would have been unwise. If, as is proposed, the lines to the boundary on the' Geelong road and along Victoria street are completed, and at work within twelve months from now, it is possible that Ballarat may be the first municipality in Victoria to possess electric street conveyance. There seems little doubt that, for street traction at least, electric power will prove immensely superior to every other. We but echo the general feeling when we express our hope that the Bal larat Council will find the elec tric trams a grand success. The gain to the public will be large, as is sufficiently proved by the results wherever trams are introduced, aud so far from being an obstruction to street traffic it is quite likely they will be found to greatly relieve the occasional congestion of the narrower thorough fares. s- A special meeting of the Operative Boot makers’ Union was held on Monday night to receive the report of the delegates who attended the conference held with Messrs Dnbberlin and Cos. concerning the purchase of goods by the latter from an alleged sweating establishment. The Star report of the conference was referred to in compli mentary terms for its impartiality and grasp of the poiuts at issue. It was taken as the official report of the conference, and was adopted, so that the dispute may uow be regarded as definitely settled. We observe from our exchanges that the break in the weather which took placeou Mon day has beenalmostgeneralall over the colony, although the rainfall has not yet been heavy. In many places in the Western district, however, there was a good downpour, and rain, less or more, fell at Charlton, Cashel, Gordon, Horsham, Natimuk, Sandhurst, Wangaratta, Seymour, St. Arnaud, Tatura, and many other districts. Much good is expected to result from what little rain has already fallen. The victory of Mentor in the Melbourne Cup race yesterday could scarcely be said to be a popular oue in Ballarat, though a few people were fortunate enough to back the winner. In one instance M r Wylie, a com mercial traveller, won £lOOO, but the other wins that we have heard of are not extensive, ranging from £5 to about £l3O. The news concerning the event was posted on the board in front of '1 lit Star office four minutes before a telegram was received by any one else in the city. The time in which the race was run—3 min. 30} sec.— has only been beaten three times, namely, by Martini- Henry in 18S3 (3 min. 301 sec.), Sheet Anchor in 1885 (3 min. 291 sec.), and Dunlop in ISS7 (3 min. 281 sec.) It was also equalled in 1579 by Darriwell. Chicago, Tradition, Whakawai, aud Malua probably carried most of the Ballarat money. Mr Martin Loughlin, J.P., has purchased in Melbourne the racehorse Tradition for the sum of 3000 guineas. Tradition is a brown horse, 4 years old, and is well bred. Some sportsmen are of opinion that the horse will hold a still higher place among racing thoroughbreds. A special train from Adelaide, conveying about 300 passeugers, passed through Balla rat yesterday morning for the metropolis. The Exhibition aud the Cup were doubtless the attractions. A well-known agent, Mrßevin Slater, was yesterday made the object of a practical joke at the Corner, and it is well that the fun was not attended by serious results. He was doing business when some person pinned a sheet of paper to his coat tails, and then another individual set fire to the paper. The man’s coat, being composed of white cotton material, was soon in flames, and had it not been for the prompt action of several share brokers the unfortunate agent would have been severely if not fatally burnt. The action of the “jokers ” drew forth some very strong remarks. The formal opening of the rowing season in Ballarat will take place on Friday after noon. At a public meeting at Smeaton on Mon day evening a resolution was unanimously adopted to the effect that the people of that township were desirous of being included in the Creswick constituency, and would suggest as a bouudary the road leading from House’s corner along the Cumberland road to Woodhouse’s hill, and then south by the road between the Madame Beiry No. 1 and No. 2 shafts. Cr D. M'Grath, president of Creswickshire, occupied the chair. Mr James O'Dwyer, late of the National hotel, Armstiong street, was killed iu Mel bourne on Saturday last through being run over by a lorry laden with furniture. De ceased, who was 55 years of age, left Bal larat some weeks ago, and took up bis resideuce in Ferrars street, South Mel bourne. While in Ballarat he was a hearty supporter of athletics, and was a staunch friend of the Albion Imperial Football Club. He was highly respected by a large number of acquaintances. The accident, which re sulted in the death of Mr O'Dwyer, occurred at the corner of Flinders and Elizabeth streets, and on the sufferer being picked up he was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. A coroner’s jury returned a verdict of acci dental death. Miss Charlotte E. Vallins, daughter of the well-known city valuer and secretary of the City Free Library, was on Monday married to Mr Peverill, an officer of the Lands Department in Melbourne. The cere mony was performed at the residence of the bride’s parents by the Rev. T. Scott-Millar. Misses Rose Vallins and Alice Peverill acted as bridesmaids, and Mr Cbas. Peverill as best man. The bride and bridesmaids were all vary becomingly dressed for the occasion. After the ceremony the usual wedding breakfast was held, when Mr C. E. Jones, M.L.A., presided. The chairman, in felicitous terms, proposed the health of the bride and bridegroom, to which Mr Peverill suitably respouded. The Rev. -T. Scott- Millar proposed the health of the bride’s parents, aud Mr Vallins respouded. Sub sequently the newly-wedded pair left by train for their home at East Melbourne. The bride was the recipient of a very large number of presents from her many friends. A boy named Arthur Morell, whose parents reside in Sturt street, attended at the Hospital yesterday to have a fish-hook ex tracted from his lip. The trains were very late arriving from Melbourne yesterday, but the exertions of Messrs Yates and Cotton minimised the in convenience, though several of Hie up country trains were slightly delayed. Several excellent hauls of fish were made at Lake Wendouree early yesterday morn ing. One party of young anglers compris ing Messrs Crabbe, Holman, and Cranuage, hooked 66 perch before 8 o’clock, the fish averaging } lb each. The largest perch iu the basket turned the scale at } lb. It nmy be added that the youths named fished from one of the jetties near the boatsheds. The business transacted at the Town Police Court yesterday was of no public importance. In the East as in the West, the public offices were closed. Asaleof gifts will be opened this evening in the new schoolroom in connection with the Welsh Church, Armstrong street, and will be continued until Friday, the 9ch inat. .A varied and large, collection of goods will be offered-for sale at' low prices. The pro ceedings will be enlivened by vocal and in strumental music,. for which the Welsh people are famous. Large attendances are expected on each night of the sale, the pro ceeds of which are to be devoted to a good cause. The celebration of the Golden Point Wes leyan Sunday-school anniversary was brought to a conclusion last night. The Sunday ser vices .were held-at the church, the Rev. J. B. Johnson officiating in the morning, the Rev. E. W. Nyein the afternoon, and the Rev. Tuckfield in the evening, Last even _ng a tda/itnd public meeting, was held, and. both were well ; attended.. Mr ? Theo. : Williams,-J.P,, ex-may orof .the'Town, pre sided at. the latter,? and addresses' were de livered by the ministers of the circuit and other gentlemen,: .clerical and lay. The - annual report of the Sabbath - school showed that good -work had been done during the year, and that both teachers and scholars had evinced a keen iuterest in the welfare of the school, and had shown a strong deter mination to apply themselves closely to the study of sacred Scripture with the view of securing happiness by the research and at the same time to be fully qualified to convey toothers the good. things contained in the Word of God. During the evening, the scholars sang a number of sacred selections very effectively, Mr A. Stevens conducting in his usual efficient manner. Miss L. Olver made an efficient accompanist. The collec tions made at the anniversary were responded to liberally. Votes of thanks and the Doxology brought the proceedings to a close. Yesterday being a holiday, there was no business transacted at the City Police Court. As no inebriates had been arrested on the previous day, there was no necessity for any magistrates to attend the watch-house. At the meeting of the Ballaratshire Coun cil yesterday, on the motion of the president, a hearty- vote of thanks (writes our corre spondent) was again accorded by the council to Cr Spiers for the effective manner in which he discharged the office of secretary at that day’s meeting. The accumulation of work through the change of officers kept Mr Daw barn, the uew secretary and engi neer, busy at the accounts, &c.;, during the sitting, and the council, as at last meetiug, availed themselves of Cr Spiers’ services to help them out of the second dilemma in which they found themselves placed, and testified to the assistance rendered in the cordial manner above stated. Our Smythosdale correspondent writes:— “ Anniversary services in connetion with the local Wesleyan Church and school com bined, were celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. On Sunday two impressive and practical sermons were preached, morn ing and evening, by the Rev. W. Bettis, of Ballarat, to good congregations. He also delivered an interesting and instructive ad dress to pareuts and children in the after noon. On Monday evening a public tea and after meeting took place, the former being presided over by the ladies of the congrega tion, and the- latter by Mr Henderson, of Ross’ Creek. Amusing and instructive ad dresses were delivered by the Revs. Bettis and Graham, and Mr Parsons. During the evening the children, who hnd been care fully trained for the occasiou by MrE. Hore, jun., leader of the church choir, rendered u number of choice hymns very nicely-. Miss Hore presided at the organ. Votes of thanks were proposed and carried with acclamation to the Rev. Mr Bettis for his valuable aud highly appreciative services on the Sunday, and to all the other friends who had contri buted to the success aud pleasure of the "anniversary services. The benediction was then pronounced and the meeting closed. It is expected that the financial results, not withstanding the depressed state of the dis trict, will turn out satisfactory. The Richmond park (writes our Learmontli correspondent), will receive a little improve ment in that part most needed, where the footpath requires trimmiug, and there is also to be some eleariug of trees which are neither ornamental or useful, from the gate opening at the railway station and skirting a part of the Learmontli township to the boat jetty. On the consideration of Mr M. Hooper’s letter pointing out the necessity of the woik, the Council referred the matter to the Park Committee for their action. To the same effect was a motion by Cr Rennie, which required that fireplaces should be built in the park for the convenience of picnic parties, and also as a safeguard against fires. The committee, after the meeting, proceeded to see how best the needed improvements could be effected. Constable Mackereth, while taking a drunken man named Jeremiah Cahill to the Hamilton lock-up, has been stabbed in the thigh with a pocket-knife, sustaining a wound 14 inches in length close to the femoral artery. Cahill was remanded for one week. The following, from a contemporary, may be suggestive to farmers threatened with the locust plague. It say-s:—“Some idea may be formed of the magnitude of the plague of grasshoppers which has visited France this year, from the fact that iu. one single canton —that of Goron, in the department of May enne—l,694,ooolb of these insects, represent ing 92J millions in number, have been killed, filling 229 tumbrils, each of the capacity of a cubic yard. They were collected by women and childreu iu the early morning, at a cost of £600; and it is estimated that by this means .a loss of £BO,OOO was averted from the canton. Henceforth it is proposed that the teachers and scholars iu all the State schools throughout the country should make war upon the grasshoppers morning and evening during the season, and should par ticipate in the reward—4d a pound—paid for their destruction. As there are nearly four millions of childreu receiving public instruc tion iu Frauee, the grasshoppers are likely to have a bad time of it.” The time-table for the Centennial rifie matches has been completed aud published. The entries to hand reach the large total of 1450, which is beyond comparison the largest entry for any rifle match meeting yet held iu Australia. There .are still some entries coming in from other colonies. Victoria sends 1150, and the competitors from the other colonies are approximately as follow: New Zealand, 32: New South Wales, 102; South Australia, 105; Queensland, 29; and Tasmania, 12. The most rigid punctuality will have to be observed to get the matches through, aud the competitors will have to move promptly at every stage. A woman named Lord and her daughter have been arrested at Kellulac, eight miles north of Warracknabeal, for child murder. The daughter about a fortnight ago, it is stated, gave birth to an illegitimate child at YVariacknabeal, and it is alleged that on the road home- the mother and daughter mur dered the child and burned the body. The girl indicated the spot to Constable Daer, and Detective Hayes found a uurnber of bones which are supposed to be those of the infant. A Sydney telegram says:—“Mr Daniel Taylor, manager of the Keelendi station, near Walgett, died yesterday from the effects of over-exertion in extinguishing bush fires. —Still another member of the Salvation Army, Captain Gallagher, has been con signed to the Wollongong gaol for three months for paradiug the streets contrary to the municipal bylaw. An appeal was made in the Supreme Court to-day to declare the bylaw ultra vires, aud quash nine convictions which have been obtained under it. The hearing was adjourned until Thursday. Gallagher was the only remaining male re presentative (if the army in Wollongong. The system of releasing first offenders when convicted, on probation—which was introduced in New Zealand two years ago on the suggestion of Mr Howard Vincent—has (says the Otago Daily Times)- proved, so far a very signal-success. Since the- Act came into force on Ist October, ISS6, 121 persons have been placed on probation, and of these at the end of March last 58 had been dis charged on satisfactorily completing the con ditions of their licenses, 53 were still on probation, nine had beeu re-arrested and brought before magistrates for failing to report themselves, and one .only had evaded supervision. Ouly one probationer out of 121 has succeeeded in getting away, whilst no less than 58 have “ actually come back to society without having been subject to the contamiuation of prison influences,” and free from the stigma which -attaches in soma mysterious way to everybody who has beeu in goal. Addressing the electors of St. Leonards on Monday night at the Oddfellows’ Hall, Manly, Sir Henry Parkes compared the rela tive positions, of Victoria and New South Wales. He said that 10 or 12 years ago Victoria was far in advance of the mother colony both as regards wealth and popula tion, but now there was a complete reversal, and New South Wales was now a long way ,in advance of the other Australasian colo nies, and would year by year," he believed, increase the lead'she had established. He believed federation would eventually, come, but could, never come while present tariffs ruled and while Victoria continued to tax our exports. . . A most distressing occurrence took place early yesterday moruiug at the Court House hotel, Collingwood. A man named Fred. Burrington, who has been a lodger for some nionths previous, at 2.30 a.iii. either jumped or .accidentally jumped out of a window in the upper, floor, and faltiug to the pavement crushed his skull ’ completely in. The deceased, who used to be a liandsom cab driver (says the Herald) was thrown from his vehicle about four years ago, and a pass jng' cart' .went over and crushed hia body .very much. 'For over a year he waa an in patient of the-Melbourne Hospital, and sub sequently : waa treated by Dr Beaney for a spine affection. For the last four months deceased 'was a lodger at the Conrt House hotel, and occupied a room with a young man named John Jones. One Monday he _complained of being ill, and said he j was sufferiug-. intense agony. About mid- I night he asked for a Srink of water, aud being supplied with it, said he felt "better; He then appeared to go to sleep. At about half-past. 2 in the morning young Jones heard deceased at the bedroom window remarking, “ Good-bye, I am spitting blood.” At the same time lie heard a fall. Jones at once jumped up, and on looking out of the win | dow found that Burringtou had fallen on the I pavement. He at ouce- rushed out into the street, and there found deceased with the top of his skull completely smashed in, and weltering in a pool of blood. The height of the window from the pavement is a little over 19 feet. The deceased was 26 years of age, and is spoken of as a very temperate I man. The exodus of people from New Zealand which has been preceding for some time past (says the Star) must have been painfully ap parent to all who have the welfare of the country iit heart. It has now been ascer tained that since the beginning of the year | the excess of emigration over immigration has been 9340, which figures represeut the loss of population to the colony. In January j 167 more people came iuto the colony thau i went away, but in each of the other mouths there was an excess of emigration-over im migration, the number being as follows; — February, 207; March, 1603; April, 1006; May, 1252; June, 1240; July, 1346; August, 1557; September, 1131. M. Chevreul’s feat of living to 102 (re marks the St. James’s Budget), is in every way a creditable achievement; but it appears that it has beeu quite outdone, not by one, but by a dozen different persons residing in the same department. If we are to believe the Figaro, which professes to make the statement on the authority-of official statis tics, the Department of the Seine numbers at this moment among its inhabitants five men and seven women who have completed their 120th year. If this be really the fact, the French journal is probably justified in boasting, as it does, that uowhere else in the world would it be possible to find a popu lation of 3,000,000 souls in a position to show so many of its members embarked on the thirteenth decade of their existence. And yet these veterans are only elderly people in comparison with the female Old Parr, of Grenoble, who, though in an ad vanced stage of decrepitude, may yet live to. add a few more to the 143 years of existence which she has already scored. 