The second session of the Australasian Federal Council is practically over, and its most useful result appears to be the adoption of a joint address to the Queen in the matter of French convict transportation to the Western Pacific. It is doubtful if the interests of Fede ration, or of any separate colony, will be much advanced by the other legisla tion discussed or agreed to. Even the address to the Queen loses sensibly in' weight from the fact that it emanates from a part only of the Australian colonies, and that the province of New- South Wales, which might be regarded as most nearly interested, is not one of the signatories to it. But legislation which even remotely affects the interests of the whole can clearly not be satisfactorily dealt with where important sections of that whole are unrepresented. Yet, although the recorded results are so unimportant it by no means follows that the representatives of the colonies which have joined the Council would have been justified in allowing the scheme to lapse. On the contrary, we consider they were bound, in the interests of future federation, to keep the flag flying. From the present position, imperfect and unsatisfactory as it is, progress may be made to something better. But if that position were abandoned, it is pos sible that the whole matter would be shelved for an indefinite period.' We should have been glad to have learnt that the representatives who gathered at Hobart, had made themselves ac quainted with the exact nature of the obstacles which stand in the way of the alliance of the outside colonies. In our judgement, although the late sitting was mainly a matter of form, the Australian public had a right to expect that some infor mation would be given as to the present state of the negotiations with New South Wales and South Australia. Secret procedure is becoming un desirably fashionable with colonial politicians. ‘ In this case the real busi ness of the session was to endeavor to gain the adherence of the dissenting colonies. Anything else was merely formal, and yet, so far as we are aware, this real business of the session was only indirectly mentioned at the Council table. What is the cause of the present anomalous posi tion 1 The principle, of which the Federal Council ■is the expres sion, has been deliberately affirmed by every colony in the group, vet two years have passed by, and two of the assenting colonies not only have not joined, but have given no intelli gible reason for standing out. In this period the need of a Fede ral Council has sensibly increased. That Council should have dealt with the late postal contract, and it should now be at work in cheapening and improving our ocean telegraph service. The very important matter of French aggresion in the Pacific would have been settled on far better terms for us, had we made an unanimous protest through a Federal Council, and such a body might have prevented the sad blundering by which the better half of New Guinea has been shunted into the hands of Germany. Other matters are sure to arise of great im portance to the Australian group, and as to which its members, to speak effectively, must speak with one voice. It would be a grave blunder to allow all such matters to go against us by default while we arc waiting to lay the founda tion of the United States of Australia. It was said, more than a year since, that South Australia would have joined by this time, and we now are assured that .she will have come in by the time of the next council meeting. liV hat we should much rather hear is that the non-con tent provinces had been induced to state their real objections, and that negotiations were in progress for their removal. We do not forget that cer tain reasons have been put forward in the Press of both our neighbors, and mentioned in the Houses of Legis lature, why they should not unite in completing the Federal Council, but we take the liberty of assuming that in no case were these the real stum bling blocks in the way. The adhesion of South Australia was withheld, we understand, on grounds wholly foreign to the constitution or work of the Federal Council, and the hesita tion of New South Wales is most certainly not the product of her na tional feeling. We cannot see why an informal conference could not be held of representatives of all the colonies, for the express purpose of reconsidering the whole subject and dealing with the demurrers of the two outsiders. An understanding might be come to by such a conference, and the bills necessary might be passed in each colony early in the forthcoming session. But it is idle to waste time in expressing “ reasonable hopes that the objections will be eventually overcome,” etc., unless some vigor ous action is taken to overcome them. It is affirmed, with how much truth we do not know, that the two non-contents have never yet been asked to define their reasons for hold ing oft’, but such needlessly reticent diplomacy, if persisted in, will inevit ably starve the Council to death. It is time that more masculine coun sels prevailed, and as it is hardly possible that the objections of New South Wales and South Australia can be of a nature so recondite as to baffle comprehension, or so formidable as to defy removal, there can be no sufficient excuse for prolonged inac tion. All true Australians must re gret that local and provincial jea lousies have been allowed to block the way for so long. In the uncertainty .of European politics military federation may be forced upon us at short notice or without any notice at all. The Federal Council would in no way interfere with that fuller union for which Sir H. Pahkes professes to be so anxious, but would do much to clear the way for it. We are informed, on excellent metro politan authority, that the vacant dis trict traffic superintendentship, caused by the appointment of ilr Kibble as assistant traffic manager, will in all probability be filled by the promotion of Mr 11. W. Hamilton, the ballarat station master. We are unable to make the state ment authoritatively, as Mr Hamilton has not yet had any intimation of any change. Should the appointment he made, ballarat will loose one who is undoubtedly the best stationmaster we have had. Air Hamilton lias done his duty by the department, and lias at the same time gained the good will of all the travelling public by his courtesy and uniform attention to the wants of patrons. Should Mr Hamilton leave, his departure will be regretted by many, but there will be satisfaction in the knowledge that the change means promotion to him. Air W. H. Gaunt made some remarks yesterday morning at the City Police Court in reference to the Licensing Act, which were not altogether complimentary to the framers of that measure. He remarked that the principal Act was funny, the Amending Act funnier, and if another amending act was passed, it would probably be the funniest act in the world. There were sentences in it no lawyer could understand, and which had no possible meaning. Re ferring to one clause which reads as follows: —“ Fees for licenses, not including new licenses, other than new licenses, issued in the place of licenses, which had lapsed since the year 1570,” Mr Gaunt offered a prize of a guinea to any person who could explain it. The remains of the late Mrs Gilpin, who died somewhat suddenly at Queenscliff on Thursday morning last were yesterday in terred in the Ballarat New Cemetery. Mr Gilpin, together with members of his family, immediately proceeded to the seaside town on hearing the news of the death of Airs Gilpin, and arrangements were made for conveying the body to Ballarat. The re mains were brought to the city by the after noon train from Geelong yesterday, and the mourners were met at the railway station by a large number of citizens, including mining investors and other frieuds of Mr Gilpin and liis bereaved family. At half p i--t 3 o’clock the cortege, which comprised over 30 vehicles, moved for the cemetery.' Preceding the hearse were about 40 miners, tlieinajmity of whoinareemployedat the Star of the E ist claim. In the funeral procession were also Messrs T. 11. Thompson, Charles Dyte, Lakeland, Richards, Alolloy, and other members of the Orphan Asylum com mittee, with which Air Gilpin is connected. The coffin bearers were Messrs Thomas O’Dea, M. Walsh, Robert Stephenson, and L. Morrison, miners at the No. 2 shaft at the Star of the East mine. Appended are the names of the pall-hearers:—The Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C., Messrs M. Butterly, J. Magor, John Embling, J. G. Carroll, E. W. Steplieus, George Pnrves, and James Horn. The Rev. R. A. Whyte, of St. John’s, Soldiers lliil, officiated at the grave.. Mr Charles Alurris, of Sturt and Grenville streets, had charge of the funeral arrange ments. The first event for the trophy donated by Mr Hepburn will be sailed to-day if a suffi cient number of yachts take up their moor ings. The performance in the Sturt street rotunda last night of Bulch’s Model Brass Baud drew a large concourse, who lined botli sides of the thoroughfare, while hundreds of others assembled around the band stand. Among the items on the programme dis coursed were the contest pieces to be played at the Sydney Ceutenniai competitions. The music last night reflected very great credit on Mr Buieh and his band, and many among the throng were loud in their praise of the efforts of the performers. One piece in particular, that introducing the Scottish air “ Annie Laurie,” was a gem in the pro gramme, and won well-merited applause.’ On Monday the band will leave for Sydney, and in taking their departure they have the best wishes o£ the residents of Ballarat and district. • - _ John Coles, the licensee' of the Royal Highlander hotel, was proceeded against yesterday at the City Police Court on a charge of permitting- drunken persons to as semble on his premises, and also with harboring disorderly persons. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that on Saturday night the police visited the defendant’s hotel, and fouud- there between 20 and 30 persons more or less intoxicated, and six of them so drunk that they were locked up and lined on the Mon day morning at the City Police Court. Ser geant Hall gave evidence as to the way in which the hotel was kept, and Constable O’Grady stated that he had never seen more rowdyismiußallaratEastor West. MrGaunt, for the defence, said a man named Sparks had “shouted'’ for a number of other men, it being his birthday. The men had cheered, and subsequently a slight row took place, owing to a man named King coming in and striking one of them. The stable was not the defendant’s property, and he knew nothing of the drunken lads in it. The de fendant, in cross-examination, admitted that he had been frequently before cautioned by the police. The bench inflicted a fine of £2, with 2s Gd costs, on the first charge. The second charge was then withdrawn by Mr Parkinson. The auuual meeting of governors and subscribers to the School of Mines was held : last evening. Mr Andrew Anderson, vice president, occupied the chair. The annual report and balance-sheets, which were of a most satisfactory nature, were adopted. An interesting address on matters appertaining to the school was also delivered by the vice president. A report of the meeting will be found in another column. A special united service will be held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church on Thurs day next (Foundation Day). The meeting will commence at 9 a.m. and close at 10. Dr Roseby will preside, and the Rev. T. R. Cairus, M.A., will give an address. Ministers and members of all the churches are expected to take part. We mentioned a few days since that it was the intention of Mr R. Tunbridge, the well-known auctioneer, with Mrs Tunbridge, to take a trip to the old country. We are informed that the passages have been taken by the P. and 0. steamer Rome, which sails from Melbourne on the 23rd February next. The many friends made by Mr and Mrs Tun bridge during their long residence here, will no doubt join in wishing them a prosperous voyage and a safe return to Ballarat. •It is probable that a conference will be held in Sydney next week of the Premiers of all the colonies, to discuss several inter colonial questious. A powerful full-toned organ has been pur chased for St. Peter's Church, Musk Creek, and will be performed on for the first time next Sunday. It has a key-board of five octaves, and comprises a row of 11 stops, with knee-swells added. All the latest im provements are to be seen in this instru ment, its strength and power being guaran teed by the names of the make!*. The annual marine excursion and picnic in connection with the Ballarat Licensed Vic tuallers' Association takes place on the 23id of February. The magnificent new steamer, Courier, which has been engaged for the occasion, is fitted up in elegant style, with all the latest improvements for excursion trips. Holiday railway fares have been granted from up-couutry towns, available for one week. Those attending the picnic can proceed to Melbourne by the steamer free of charge. A lad named John Webster, aged 17 years, an employee in a furniture factory in Bal larat East, was arrested yesterday afternoon by Constables Egan and Smith on a charge of stealing a pipe, valued at 10s Gd, from the shop of Mr Dark, Bridge street. It seems that the offender called at the shop and purchased a small pipe for sixpence, aud on leaving the place he, it is alleged, an nexed the more valuable “ dudeen.” When confronted by the police the accused denied all knowledge of the robbery. He will be brought before the Town Court this moru iug. A horse attached to a buggy belonging to Mr Coad, bolted in Lydiard street yesterday. The vehicle came into contact with the Sugg lamp at the Mair street intersection and was considerably damaged, but the horse escaped unhurt. . An old offender named Cafferty was brought before the Buninyong Police Court on Thursday, aud fined 40s, or 14 days in gaol, for drunkenness, that being his six teenth conviction. One other inebriate was fined Is. Mr P. lledrick, J.P., officiated. At the City Police Court yesterday a lad named Michael Bourke was fined Is, With 2s Gd costs, for stone throwing. A large num ber of rate cases were dealt with. The following is the time table of the Sydney Centennial Baud Contest and Musical Festival: “Wednesday, 23th January.—Carrington Grounds, 11 a.m. to 12.30 p.m.; aud 2 to 4 p.m.—Practice by combined bands; club room, 7 to 9—Confe rence of bandmasters and secretaries. Thurs day, 26th January.—Centennial Park, 11 a.in. to 12.30 p.m. —Dedication performance of Signor Zelmau’s ‘ Grand March,’aud Leon Caron’s ‘ Australian Anthem,’ under the direction of the composers. Carrington Grounds, 7.30 to 10 p.m.—Grand promenade concert. Principal parks, 7.30 to 9.30 p.m. —Performance by bands. Friday, 27 th January.—Carrington Grounds, 12 to 5 p.m. —Grand opening of contest; contest seise tions, &c.; Protestant Hall, 7.30 to 10.30 p.m.—Solo competition. Saturday, 2Sch January. Carrington Grounds, 10 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 5 p.m. Quickstep (on the march), sight reading, selections; 7 to 10 p.m., finish of contest, contest dance music, &c.; Sunday 29th January.—Car riugton Grounds —2 to 4.30 p.m., grand con cert of sacred music; 7.30 to 9.15 p.m., grand concert of sacred music. Monday, 30th January.—Carrington Grounds—lo to 12a.m., drum and fife competition; 2 to 4.30 p.m., grand promenade concert by combined bauds. Protestant Hall—7-30 to 10 p.m., vocal and instrumental concert, solos by prize of prizes. Tues day. 31st January.—Carrington Grounds— Monster open-air concert by competing bands.” Bulch’s Model Band leave Ballarat by 7.10 p.m. train on Monday night. They will parade up Sturt street to the station at G. p.m. and will arrive in Sydney ou Wed nesday morning. Representatives of the syndicate who pur chased Fiskcn’B Lai Lai estate, situated at Yendon, yesterday visited the laud. The visitors were the Hon. Thos. Bent, M.L.A., aud Messrs A. C. Davies, Kelsall, aud Har vey (surveyor). The object of the trip was to arrange for the dividing of the land into smaller blocks, with a view to placing it ou the market again at an early date. The Secretary of the Half-holiday Union acknowledges with thanks the following donations:—£l Is each from Messrs T. B. Guest and Cos. (extra donation), Messrs R. H. Harper and Cos., Messrs Pearson Bros., and Messrs Connell, Hogarth, and Cos. Two small boys were arrested last night ou a charge of larceny. It is alleged against them that they were selling spurious tram way tickets. The tramway authorities con sider that these can only have been obtained from the establishment where the tickets were printed. The boys, however, allege that they picked the tickets up. The matter will be investigated at the City Police Court this morning. Amongst the visitors at the Half-Holiday Union picnic at tne Lai Lai Falls Racecourse yesterday were the Hon. T. aud Mrs Bent, who were in the company of Mr D. Brophy, J.P. Mrs Bent expressed her determination to visit the mine in this district named after her at an early date. Major .Greenfield had command of the Militia parade yesterday, and the men were drilled by Captain Eddy. The muster was a Bmull one. Company movements were executed. A boy named Felix Cross, a resident of Humffray street, sustained an injury to his eye yesterday through a watch spring with which lie was playing striking the optic. It is thought that the sight has been injured. A man, who was observed by Constable Nicholson at an early hour yesterday acting in an eccentric manner, was brought before the Town Court in the forenoon on a charge of vagrancy’. Mr Long, J.P., remanded the accused until Monday. On Friday, the 27th iust., a special choral service and orgau recital will be held at St. Peter’s Church, Sturt street. The organists will be Mr George Herbert, R.A.M., Pro Cathedral; Mr J. Bailey, St. Paul’s; Miss Byers, St. Peter’s. Among the vocalists will be Mr3 C. Bean, St. Peter’s; Mr A. Slack, Pro Cathedral; Mrs J. Bailoy, St. Paul’s; Mi - R. L. Nicholl, St. John’s; and Mr V, WqolqocU, choirmaster, St Peter’s. An address will be delivered by the Ven. Archdeacon Julius, M.A. The Rev. YV. Flower, M.A., will preside. There will be a collection iu aid of the building fund. Further particulars will be advertised. Our correspondent writes:—“ Mr M. C. Donnelly has commenced an active and, so far, successful canvass in the Belfast electo rate. The caudidate will address the elec tors in the town on Monday evening. The estate of Baron Vorwarts, near Staven hagen, in Mecklenburg, which consists of about 5000 acres, chiefly devoted to wheat and beetroot, is (remarks au English paper) worked by its owner on a form of co- opera tion; aud, although the times are bad, lie is still.able to make a good profit on the capital value of his estate. He is his own farmer, lie pays very small wages in money, but the laborer is provided with a house, a supply of corn, a piece of grazing land, the means of education, and other advantages which eu able him to live in comfort. The Baron is content with four per cent, interest as his own share; and once in ten years lie divides the remainder of the profits in equitable pro portions among the peasantry. At the last division, which took place in ISS4, as much as £4O or £5O fell to the share of a single family. This excellent landlord lives among his people, and has so completely identified himself with their well being that the pea sants do not speak of “ the Baron’s wheat or horses,” but of “ our wheat” and “our horses.” The Baron believes that so far as agriculture is concerned he has discovered the means of harmonising the interests of capital with-those of labor. It is satisfactory to learn that there are other German land lords like him. A mammoth codfish, weighing 071 b, was caught in the Goulburn on Thursday after noon. This is the heaviest ever known here, with the exception of one caught two yeais ago, which weighed 1251 b. The provincial council of the Roman Catholic Church of Sydney', which sat about two years ago, and recommended the large increase in the Australian bishoprics which has been given effect to, also dealt with a great many' other subjects, among which was the consideration of the regulations respect ing marriages. The decrees (says the Argil*) having been approved by the Holy See, anil printed for the guidance of the clergy of Australasia, came into operation on Sunday last. The decrees deal with marriages under three heads. That relating to con tracts between Catholics provides that in order to prevent hurried alliances, and to permit of proper enquiries being made re garding the antecedents of the parties, timely notice shall be given in each case to the clergyman of the district, and the banns duly published. It also piovides for eccle siastical censures and penalties upon those Catholics who enter the marriage contract before the civil or other tribuual not ap proved by the church. With respect to mixed marriages, or those between Catholics aud 11011-Catholic Christians, these are to be deplored, discouraged, and discountenanced to the utmost extent, as being dangerous to the Catholic faith, and the cause of many evils. The third heading relates to the mar riage of Catholics with unbaptised persons. Such mariiages are declared null and void, unless a special dispensation shall have been first asked for aud obtained from the Supreme Pontiff, which can only be grauted for grave reasons. The ‘decrees, as a whole, deal with the marriage law under all its aspects, and make regulations for the guid ance of the clergy. Mrs Appelt, the wife of an old resident of Landsborough (says the Ararat Advertiser) mysteriously disappeared from her home on Sunday last, and after a lengthened search her body was' discovered in a dam a short distance from the town. The wind which occasioned so much dis comfort to everybody last Sunday (says the Horsham Times) was the cause of consider able damage atNhill. The Roman Catholic Church at this place is in course of erection, and had reached a certain stage of com pleteness, the roof being on ami the window sashes in position, but during Sunday a miniature but very powerful whirlwind forced an entrance inside the stiucture and twisted the timber work to such au extent that the roof came down and brought the walls with it. The damage to the material is considerable, and when the item of labor has to be added, the loss will amount to nearly' £l6O. Bushfires continue to cause much damage iu New South Wales, the fencing, sheep, cattle, and crops iu many places being com pletely destroyed. Au exchange says:—“lt appears that two fires started almost simul taneously on Monday last on the selections occupied by Geo. Brunskill and Michael M’Carthy, on Arajoel run. James Gilmour, of Moorlands, whose stripping machinery was at work iu M'Carthy’s paddock, had to use the greatest exertions to save his ma chinery. The fire attacked Gilmour’s selec tion, destroying a shed and sheep-yards, be sides burning nearly 12 miles of fencing, de stroying altogether about 100,000 acres of grass. Taafe, Rogeis, Fisher, Williams, Glavin, Churchill, Bourke, Hyde, Burcham, Quigley (2), Broomfield (2), Bolger, Simple, Bramhall, and several other selectors have lost considerably. Bushfires have also broken out on the hills about a mile from Coota munclra, and the wind being iu the direction of the town, some apprehension is enter tained for its safety'.” The famous Madame Boucicaut, who rose from being a village washerwoman to great wealth and reputatiou as the proprietor of the Bon Marche in Paris, has just died at her villa at Nice. Her remaius were brought to Paris for interment, and her friends and em ployees gave her such a funeral as has not been wituessed in the French capital for years past. This excellent woman was adored by her people. The best of them had long been given an interest in the business, and by her will every one of the .‘lOOO hands would benefit, many of them consider ably. Besides this, the will distributes the princely fortune of Madame Boucicaut to various homes existing and to be established for the benefit alike of the young and the aged poor. This benevolent ex-washerwoman has set au example to those who fancy' them selves to be her “ betters” which is without example in France. 