COMMERCIAL. GOULBUiRN, Friday evening. BoeusIti ,'. coneidoring the season, is fairly brisk,. and as the Christmas oonson approachos a revival may be looked for. Tha weather has boon very trying to vegetation, and much damage has been done by bush-fires. At the' time of writing, however, there are promising indications of a favourable change. The dry weather has had a great offect on the mahrieot all round, aud almost every donaription of, produce has increenod in price. The ruling quota. tions in the m'arkot to-day will be found in the price-list given below. Owing to an over-cupply of fat oattle last week the market was rather dull on Wednesday. Those sold broplght 20/- per 100 th. ; a few pens wore passed, as tho.biddingo did not roach owners' roserves. Fat sheop are plentiful, and are nsomewhat dull of sale. Shorn wetler , say 50 Glb., rat .from 0/- .to 7/l wethors in the wool are worth 9/, but very few of this decoription of stook are offering. T1hero is a good .supply of store cattle, but the market is depressed, and pending a good fall of rain little business will be done. The eupply of store sheep on Wedneoday was moderate, and quotations for medium quality oboop in the wool rapged from 6/. to 7/; a few shorn wothora sold at;about 8/6. The market is dull. Ih station produce very little business is' being done. Tallow is firm at from £16 to £18 per ton. The quotations in Sydnoy havoe risen fast, and are now from £25 to £28. Hideon locally are rather soaroo, and lato quotations rule. Shloop. skins aeo in good demand, and are selling readily at Bid, to 41d, per lb. A good deal of the diktriot-grown wool is now coming into town, but the greater part so far is being trucked to Sydney. A few bales of greasy have bson sold to local dealers at from 6d, to 7d. per lb. Wattle bark is nominal, but an active trade is shortly anticipated.' The brendetuffe market is very active, with an upward tendoncy. Wheat in quoted nominally at 4/. per buohel. Flour les advanced to £1.t per ton during the past week, and a further rise hae taken placo in bran and pollard, the former being now quoted at from 16d. to 17d. per bushel,' and tholattor at from 14d. to 15d. Forago is in good demand, and all linen have improved in value. Hay is searco, and in firm at £7 per ton; straw allows an advanco of 10/- per ton; and maize and oato have advanced Gd, per bushel, Potatoes are searce and have advanced to £7 per ton, and thero in still an' upward tendenoy.. There in a good demand for dairy produee, and prison have improved during the past week., Thore is not any distriot chleose coming in, and thbro Is a good market for other eorts. Bacon in in relouest at elightly advanced prices. Poultry were in moderate supply at tho'yards on Thursday, and prices improved slightly. Pigs are dull of salo. MnoIone. FINLAY AND Co. ?lP'onT :-Fat Cattle: On Wednesday sales were rather slack oiving to an over- supply on previous weeoo; a few pens were passed. We sold three pens on Wednooday at from i £6 10[- to £7 2/6, wlhich was about 20/- per 100 lb. The supply locally in very limited, and prices certain to advance unlens we have a fall of rain soon. Store cattle:. The want of rain has almodt put a stop to businooe in this lino. The attendanoc of buyers at the yards on Wednoesday was very small and only a few small lots changed hands. During the past week we have sold by private contradt 1424 head, l19i mixed sexes on account of Messrs. Jobson' and Marshr, and 800 bullooks on account of Mr. E. H. Jamieson; bdth draughts at .satisfactory prices, eoneidoring the uncertainty of a break in the weather. -Fat lshoop: Nothing good offered at the yards on Wednesday. Boct b01b shorn wothora are worth about 0/.-Store bheop: We sold on acnoount. Mr. Breon 603 wothoro at 6/9 ; heavily woolled wethers rate from 7/8 to 7/6. We would draw special atten tiou to the sale of 16;000 wothoro in wool which will positively arrive on 27th instant (special ealo day).-" Horeon: Market very dull on Thursday, with few buyers. Mlcr.nn, War. 8AND AND , Co. ItrponT: - Fat Cattle : Tire trade boing fairlyoeuppliod, competition was not .so. brink. Outside' hnycors relieved the' marltet by tanling few, penn. We cold r few pens plain cows and rhullooksn We quioto best boof @ 22/. per 1001 bi.l-Fat nllhoep.: ;Trhonso.ponni e not'goodý enough for thel trade.-- toro cattle: Not any in to signify.-Store sheep: The same remarks apply. IIornes: We sold 8 hoad.from £4 10/- to £10.-. Pigs: Slack of naln. .There ponued mostly. sueler. Poultry: Short supply, demand good, and bidding brink for all khinds. .. Mnu. O. P. M ArLleri,:n lEtronts:-i-Owing to tlre continued dry weather not much burinoos doing. Sails: at thre yardl this weok for both cattle and shoop rather slaek. Fat cattle: Bullocks brought from £6 to £7, 5/. Store wotheor in the wool to almost 7/, shorn do. (district) 1/0. I sold on ac count of Messrs. M6rris, MoCryotal, fand others 27 head fat cattle to £7 10/, 20 heilers @ £2 17/, 0 poddion @ 110/;: and on necount of Messre. Fillam and;Walsh 200 pigs at marltot rates and have now being inspoected 800 ditto. MNsnse. ANDrEWlr AND OrllneOLaIm lcrEonT :-Fat Cattle: Theo supply for this week's markotoonsisted of about 60 bullooks ; quality from medium to good. Owing however to the majority of the trade having a supply on hand, prices wore not quito so good, and covnral pens wore passed, We sold Moa.re, Chinholm Brothers' Kippilaw bullooka (in oonjonction with Sydneoy rgontt) at an avorago of £9 2/.--Store cattlo: Very few coming forward, and we do not an tioipato any business under this heading till rain falls. We cold one pan of opringero at £3 6/.-iheep : About 1000 woolly and elorn wnthere were penned on Wednecday, and owing, to the continued dry weoator onles wero very dillicolt to eofeoot. We cold 1000 woolly wothlro for Mr. J. LouIhnan, 1100 shorn wothere, and 1500 ahorn wnthor for Mr. O. F. Bayly.-Stud stock: We have sold a draft of young bull. for Mr. J. W. Chisholm at a entieclotory figure. -Land: We have loaned on account of iMr. J, W. Chieholm bin paddooku having frontago to the Gurrundah rond; also on account of Mlfenere. Willis and Co. their Grooeenwich Park eltato on the Wallou dilly River. SYDNEY, Thursday. Meoers. liill, Clark and Co. report: 2550 canttl yarded for the week. The uupply was far above re quiromonte, coneaquontly cales were dull all through, and prime quality may be quoted fully 20[- lower, while medium and inferior are almost uncalable, and 'fully 30/- lower. 32,658 sheop penned, can. islting for the most part of only medium quality, with a small proportion of prime, for. which com petition was good and prioes firmer; whilo owing to ihe largo supply medium sorts ruled comowhat dull, and prices canier; but the most company operating provonted any great fall. We sold 712 head cattle and 2000 odd lceep, including R. Ridgoo' ballocks £7 18/,. cows £5 11/; W. Sly's bullocke £7 6/10: H. Oolloene' bullocks £7 8/7, Bhaw and Warmoll's cows £5 5/, and others; Mackay and Copoland's wotloro (merinos) 12/6 to 13/1, cross bredo to 13/7, bolth lots topping tio market; Burra. bio e once 7/7 to 7/10, few eoonds 6/8. . . :. 