NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. The Tamworth Council invite tenders for a loan of £10,000. Over £4000 were collected at Newcistle for the Church ot England Centennial. The opening of the railway line to Carcoar is to be celebrated by a public demonstration. Mr. B. R. Wise has resigned his position as Attorney-General owing to private professional reasons. H.M.S. Myrmidon collided with a whale off Jervia Bay on her passage from Tasmania to Sydney. A saw-mill at Glen Innes was destroyed by fire. It is supposed to be the work ot an incendiary. Since January, 1887, the New South Wales per cent, stock has gone up in London lrom 94 to 102. A searching inquiry shows that the reported forgery of 80,000 tramway tickets is without foundation. Samples of Inverell flour and wines are being prepared for the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. At Armidale a boxing match between Smith and Snow for £100 was won by the former in i four rounds, | It is reported that rich alluvial gold has been discovered at Purnamoot i, about 16 miles from Broken-bill. A man named John Foran has been seriously injured near Gunnedah by the bursting of a rifle. At Fort Macquarie tbe School of Arts, a wooden building capable of seiting 300 people, has been completed. The maize crops throughout the Port Macquarie district look splendid, and the vintage also promises well. An aboriginal corroborep, in which 130 natives aspired, took place at the Bondi Aquarium last week. About 5000 persons were present at the school children's demonstration held at Bathurst on Saturday. The prizes paid to tbe winning bands in connection with the band contest in Sydney amounted to £340 5s. Tbe Wesleyan Conference passed a resolution affirming its determination to stand by the Wesleyans in Tonga. Tbe returns famished by the agricultural collectors in the Goalburn district gave 11 bushe's of wheat per ecre. The Monte Christo Goldmining Company, Queensland, has been registered in London with a capital of £150,000. Mr. John Williams, Crown solicitor, has been elected chairman of the Civil Service Board for the current year. Madame Marie Rose, the famous singer, js expected to make her first appearance in Australia in March of next year. In March next, what is termed a " Universal International Exhibition " will be opened in Prince Alfred Park, Sydney. A young man named Robert Patch waB burnt to death on Friday near Moss Yale, when putting out a bush-fire. The Rev. J. B. Waterhouse and B. H. Chapman bave been appointed treasurers for 1888 for the Wesleyan Loan Fund. It is thought that the rabbits found in the Germanton district are tbe progeny of tame stock releaeed many years ago. Lord Carrington has been nominated Most Worshipful Grand Master of the New South Wales Constitution of Freemasons. At an outcomc of the Intercolonial Exhibition in Sydney, a United Agricultural Societies' Association has been formed. •It i» rumoured in Newcastle that the Russian officers of the corvette have purchased all tbe available charts of Newcastle Harbour. The Sydney Freehold Land, Building, and Investment Company have declared a dividend at the rate rate of 10 per cent per annum. The Woodstock Fruit Company, Rooty- hill, obtained the gold medal for their preserved fruit exhibited at the Centennial Exhibition. The new Houses of Parliament will take in tbe whole of the private residences in tbe Domain, and occupy an area of 350 square feet. Mr. A. Munro, of Singleton, obtained tbe Centennial champion prize in connection with the wine exhibits at tLe Intercolonial Exhibition. The amended rates for the storage of gunpowder and other explosives authorised by Mr. Burns came into force on and from February 1 iast Au alleged grape-stealer at Bulimba (Q.) received several leaden grapes into his carcase, which were fired at him by the owner of the garden. Tbe Minister for Mines has given three months' notice to the inspectors, rabbiters, and others concerned in the destruction of rabbits. The number of voters at Glen Innes this year will be 1808. Tbe white population in the district numbers 7180. There are 840 Chinese. A Sydney paper says the police force received instructions to clip their beards short, so as to effect a neat appearance during the cenlcunial." The Fellows of St. John's College have dtcidtd to welcome and entertain the Right Rev. Dr. O'Brien, the new rector, on his artival on tbe 20th inst. A verdict of accidental death was returned in tbe case of the woman Carlotta Zellick, who died in Sydney from bums caused by her clothes catching fire. The Kaiapoi Woollen Manufacturing Company of Christchurch, New Zealand, has been awarded a gold medal for their exhibits at the Intercolonial Exhibition. The superintendent of the Biloela Industrial School denies the statement that the institution has produced a number of fallen women for the streets of Sydney. Mr. Burns claims that tbe present Government have restored confidence in our public aflaire, and have freed commerce from unwise and unnecessary restrictions. John Grace, who was arrested on a charge of murdering Joseph Stapleton at the Hillgrove mines, was committed /or trial by the coroner s court at Armidale on Friday. Sir Geo. Bowen thinks that New South Wales should be called Kingsland. He also suggests that South Australia should be called Adelaide. Very well, Sir George. Lord Carrington says be believes the peace of tbe world depends very much on the union of the English-speaking races, as our policy is one of defence and not of aggrandisement. The Wesleyan Conference has resolved to mark out a course of theological and literary study for local preachers, with a view to their improved efficiency and adaptability. It is rumoured that a well-known medico at Rockhampton, who was recently married, has been served wish a writ for £1000 for breach of, promise at the instance of a yourg lady whom be jilted. Mr. M'Clung, of Murrambateman, had his crops of try and wheat destroyed by fire last week. His loss was over £200. The fire is supposed to have been caused by sparks from a blackemith's shop. The Mayor and Mayoress of Goulburn gave a treat to 2J0 of the boarded-out children in celebration of the centenary ot the colony. Amongst those present were the Bishops of Melbourne and Goulburn. At the inquest on John O'Halloran, a lawyer's clerk, who died in the Sydney Hospital after having been found unconscious in Jamieson-street, a verdict of death from a fractured skull was returned. The summary of tbe operations of the Sydney Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals shows that daring last month 22 persons were prosecuted for cruelty, with the result that 16 convictions were obtained. The Wesleyan conference adopted a resolution in favor of forming the Friendly Islands into a separate conference. A motion that the Tonga district should be annexed to the New Zealand conference was lost by 55 to 18 votas. H.M. ships Felson, Calliope, and Diamond left Port Jackson on Saturday for New Zetland. The fleet will proceed direct to Auckland, where they will take part in the ceremony in connection with the opening of the Calliope Dock. The remains of the late Lady Parkes were interred at Faulconbridge on Saturday afternoon. The funeral service was performed by tbe Yen. Archdeacon Guntber, of St. John's, Parramatta, and tbe Rev. M. Archall, of St. Mary's, Balmain. Without the support of Englaud, Lord Carrington thinks it is evident the 3,000,000 persons who hold the 3,000,000 square miles of this continent would be put to great struggles and sacrifices in resisting the land hunger of tbe great military nations of Europe. Mr. Inglie, the Minister of Education, told his hearers at Newtown last week that if his negotiations with the Indian Government came off, there would be a demand of one and a quarter millions sterling worth of Australian produce bought annually for Indian supplies. In the Prospect dam 6,322,851,000 gallons of water are stored, which is sufficient to supply Sydney, in cise of emergsncy, for over If years at the present ra'e of consumption. The rumors of a collapse in the tunnels of the Sydney water supply are without foundation. At the Wesleyau conference in Sydney it was agreed that in view of the multitudes of heathen in New Britain, New Ireland, and New Guinea, the Missionary Society ought to be relieved as soon as possible of financial responsibility in connection with other Wesleyan missions. On the arrival ot the San Francisco mail steamer at Auckland on Friday, a steerage passenger for Sydney named Worth was found to be suffering from small-pox. The passengers for Auckland were quarantined, and the mails fumigated. No communication with the steamer yras permitted, and she sailed for Sydney next day. An elopement is reported from New Zealand. The wife of a well-to-do farmer, and the mother ot 15 children, went oS with a shearer, taking one child, a blind girl, eight years old. The husband instructed tbe police to obtain the return of the daughter. ThiB was effected just as the couple were on the point of leaving. In conformity with an official communication from the Local Option League Central Committee, the Hon. the Minister for Justice has issued instructions to the mayors of all municipalities, excepting Sydney, that in terms ot the 34th section of the (Principal) Licensing Act the local option vote must be taken in every ward, even if there be no contest for aldermanic seats. William Frederick Phillips pleaded guilty at the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Friday, to being the pressor of an illicit still situated at 358, Glenmoie-road, Rushcutter B Bay. He made no attempt to conceal from Mr. inner, S.M., his identity with the proprietor or the whisk? mill, and he heard the imposition ot the £100 fine with placidity. Failing payment he will have no stimulants for six months. The Sydney Ministers' Union has passed tbe following resolution :-«That the Sydney Ministers' Union, having again had their attention called to the increasing desecration ot the Lord's Day, resolve, as a preliminary step to further action, to make an appeal to all Christian ministers and members ot Christian churches to consider the propriety of abstaining from using any of the public conveyances on the Lord's Day." An attempt to wreck a tram was made at an early hour on Friday on the Randwickline at Moore Park. It appears that a ganger named John Brown, while walking his length, discovered that a stoue about an inch and a-half thick had been p'aced between the stock rail and the main line at the points connecting lhe cricket-ground rails with the Randwick line. The wain pin had been taken from the lever, which prevented the branch line from working. Mr. Garrett, M.P. (Minister for Lands) has had submitted to him the correspondence that has taken place between M. Pasteur and the Mines Department concerning the proposal to exterminate the rabbit peat by m^ans of the introduction of chicken cholera. Tbe Minister has the whole initter under consideration, and it is expi cted that same definite conclusion will shortly be arrived at as to what reply shall l>e made to the proposal of the eminent experimentalist. The Postmaster-General (Mr. C. J. Roberts) has taken action with the view of securing the co-operation of the Agent-General for New South Wales in London, with the other colonial Agent-Generals there, in order to obtain tbe departure of the mail packet under tbe new contract from Adelaide on the homeward voyage on Saturday evening or Sunday morning, as Monday (the day proposed by tbe steam compauies) is iound to be most inconvenient to the colonies, involving as it would the employment of special trains solely for the purpose ot conveying English mails. The remains of a man supposed to be a foreigner, have been found out on the Salisbury Downs. The poor fellow had been knocking about Milparinka for some time in fin apparently insane condition, but he was regarded generally as a very harmless person. The body was found within two miles of a waterhole, and it is supposed that in his attempt to reach this he succumbed. His name is unknown. Mr. Torrene, a rabbit inspector, had a narrow escape from a similar death when trying to cross from that town to Yantara, but fortunately he succeeded in reaching water in time. A little boy between three and four years ot age, and eon of Constable Murdock, of Peat's Ferry, had a narrow escape from being drowned in the Hawkesbury River on Friday. He followed his father along an old wharf, when suddenly he fell in. The father wat unable to Bwim, and could do nothing, there being about 12ft. of water where he fell, and the little fellow would undoubtedly have been drowned but for another young lad, named Tim M'Carthy, about seven years of age, who was on the wharf at the time, and gallantly plu'nged in after him and held him above the water until the father procured a boat and rescued the two. As everybody expected would be the case, the Btock returns for tbe past year show that the colony has largely increased its wealth iD sheep, cattle, and horses. The increase in the number of sheep was 7,500,000, We have now 46£ millions ot these animalB, which is about tour times the number possessed bv Victoria. This is a cauee for gratification, for it implies that if wool retains its present price, the squatters will be able to free themselves from a portion of the oppressive burdens under which they are bending, aod obtain renewed courage to face the difficulties which must inevitably happen when the series ol good seasons has come to an end. About three weeks ago a report was current in Eugowra that a man had been drowned in the Lachlan. Constable M'Leod proceeded to the place, and found some clothes, but no other trace. He searched for Beveral days, but without finding any more traces; but on Saturday Mr. W. Chandler, whilst searching for sheep, about three miles on the river below where the clothes were found, was attracted to a large heap of drift timber in tbe river, and there saw the dead body of a man in a nude state, partly decomposed. This is supposed to be the body of the man to whom the clothes belonged. Constable M'Leod atonce proceeded to tbe spot. Warden Baker, of Temora, has telegraphed as follows to the Under- Secretary of MineB "Messrs. Fahey, Grimshaw, Meurant, and Clarke report a new discovery of gold in s quartz lode at Mountain View, about seven miles north- westerly from Ferrier's crushing battery. At Sandstown Reef, Cowabbie, the lode is said to be from Cin, to I4in. wide. ~ lies between the sandstone foot wall and » slate hanging wall, both well defined, The underlay is slightly west The auriferous quartz commenced at the surface, and continued as far as the shaft was sunk. Four men working one week took out 91 tons ol quartz, which on being crushed yielded 24' J 6dwt.9gr.ot gold." A deputation from a conference of representatives of Stock Protection Boards waited upon t he Minister for Lands to present a series of resolutions passed at a meeting for the eradication of the rabbit pest. Mr. Garrett, in reply, said tbe Government intended to in. troduce a thorough system of barrier ftntag iuto the colony for the eradication of the pest, and without making it compulsory on all to fence their holdings, the Government pro. posed to.lend to run-holders at a rate of £30 per mile ifenced, at a low rate of interest, so as to make it for the occupier's interest to have the fencing done. He did not approve of M. Pasteur's Bcheme for exterminating, as it might be the means of introducing a scourge worse than the rabbits. The retrenchment scheme of the Mayor of Sydney for the service of the city corporation has come into force, and shows its practical effect in the wages sheet for last week. As compared with tbe previous week, when the scheme bad not effect, the saving shown is £765, or £39,812 per annum. Tbe reductions, though principally in the city fund, in which the saving is £499 lie. 3d. per week, apply also to the water fund, the sewerage fund, the Sydney common fund, and the streets loan fund. In the water fund the Baving represents £225 per week. ThiB scheme of retrenchment is, however, not yet fixed, and it is probable that further reductions' will be made, so as to have tbe work of the corporation carried on for about £600 a week. The travelling expenses charged by the New Zealand Ministers and Government officials tor the 12 months eudiog September >30 laBt amounted (states the Wellington correspondent of the New Zealand Herald) to the .large Bum of £40,000. " I took especial painB to inquire as to tbe correctness of the statement, and the answer I got from an authoritative source was that the figures are correct. The febove is surely bad enough, but worse remains behind. It is further stated that in Beveral instances prominent officials have gone about the colony travelling upon various pretences, having no official work to do worth speaking of, but really 'increasing their 'salaries by drawing large sums for travelling allowances.' Any comment upon this would simply destroy the significance of it." The Bundaberg correspondent of the Brisbane Courier reports that a dreadful accident occurred to a young man named Angus Kirkwood at the Bingera plantation on. the evening of 17th January. It appears • the unfortunate young fellow was walking;;along .a pknk about 2ft. wide to attend to a fcoilibg -pan of molasses, and by some means or oth^r'overbalanced himself and fell into the boiling liquid. The loud cry he uttered attratled a number of the hands to the spot, who beheld a ghastly sight. | He-was ofcp^uipe soon ^extricated, but it wasfound'tbat, witfa theexceptiou of a small portion of bis face, the wbole of his body had been submerged. Dr. ThomaB was immediately sent for, tat the poor man expired some three or four hours after the accident, and previous to the doctor's arrival. ; The last of the great public events in connection with tbe celebration of the centenary ot the colony took place on Saturday afternoon, when a united Sunday school demonstration was held in the Agricultural Society's grounds, Moore Park, Sy4ney. 6640 children from nearly all the city and suburban Protestant Sunday-schools were marshalled near the Zoological- gardens, and at half-past 2 o'clock, with bands playing and. bannersflyinp, they marched to the show-grounds, under the direction of nearly 700 teachers. A service of song was gone through. The children were briefly addressed by the Governor and Bishop Barry, and they then split up into scores of merry picnic parties, to enjoy the relreshments which they sadly needed after the long marching and standing in the sun. Some excellent photographs of tbe Centennial celebrations have been taken by Mr. J. Roarty, Market-street and George- street, Sydney, which form useful and artistic mementos of some of the principal scenes which occurred during the celebrations. The photographs include two very good views of the unveiling of the Queen's statue, in wh ; ch tbe vast crowd is shown with remarkable clearness and distinctness, a group of gentlemen who attended the Soman Catholic picuic at Cabarita, views of the harbor from Dawes Point on the days of the Centennial regatta, and a view ot the opening of the Centennial Park, in which the' surrounding landscape is shown in a very effective manner. The photographs are beautifully finished and mounted, and are really fine specimens of photographic art. A young fellow named Beatty had a miraculous and hair-breadth escape from being'shot dead (says the Queanbeyan Age). As it was, he received several shots in the body, which have since been extracted. It appears Beatty and some of his mates went up the Queanbeyan River wallaby-banting. Coming to a well-known resort of tbe wallabies, one of tbe latter started from its lair. Taking time by tbe forelock, one of the juvenile sharpshooters took aim, and the contents lodged in the body of Beatty. Soon alter the injured boy was brought down as far as Mr. Feagan's at the Googongs. Medical relief was immediately sent for, and Dr. Fitzpatrick went out with as little delay as possible, and succeeded in extracting the shot, some of which entered tbe chest, passing round under tbe muscles to the back. More ol the shot penetrated the left arm. In acknowledging the toast of the Agricultural Society at the Centennial bai- quet, Mr. W. Richardson, president, dwelt upon the growth ot the agricultural and pastoral industries in Australia during tbe century. He referred to the fact that during the first years of Australian settlement the Governor was greatly grieved at learning that five ewes and one lamb had been killed by the hogs or the native-dogs somewhere near the 6ite of the present railway station. When he himself was a youngster at the time of ihe accession of the Queeu 350 years ago, he remembered they bad no bread to eat, and flour was £100 a ton. Now the Australian colonies produced annually over 40,000,000 bushels of wheat, and possessed over 90,000,000 sheep, over 9,000,000 cattle, nearly 1,600,000 horses, and over 1,000,000 pigs—to say nothing of hares and rabbits. A New Zealand correspondent says :—" We have been shown the plans of a new contrivance for catching rabbits, in respect of which Messrs. E. W.'Hollis and J. Gibbons, of the Thames, have applied for patent rights. The plan shows a paddock encioeed by a rabbitproof fence, and sown in either lucerne, carrote, or parsley. This acts as the bait for bunny, who in attempting to reach the coveted food falls into a series of covered pits. These pits are about 2£ft. in depth, and are connected by means of a tunnel with a number of enclosures covered with wire netting, and from which it is impossible for ihem to escape. The rabbits are thus caught " all alive oh 1", and are therefore available for food and their skins for commercial purposes. Mr. Gibbons assures us that the coBt of the necessary apparatus is very trifling, and no skilled labor is required for their construction." A rather exciting incident was enacted recently at the Manly wharf, where two boats were moored, preparing to start for Sydney. There waB a Bingle plank placed as a gangway from the one steamer to the other. A gentleman, who appeared toibe a foreigner, and who had been Seeing some friends off by the outer boat, was in the act of returning, but instead of proceeding along the plank, he stepped right into tbe water. A cry was at once raised of "a man overboard," and from the struggles of the gentleman in the water it was evident that he could not swim. He kept himself up, however, fairly well by paddling about, dog fashion, until a rope was secured and thrown to him. The unfortunate gentleman, who had been in the water between three and four minutes, when fished ont was in a Btate of great excitement; but otherwise he d,id not Appear to be much the worse for his immersion. . Most residents and visitors toLondon, Glasgow, Dublin,'and the chief cities of .the old conntrv are acquainted with the admirable organisation known as tbe Corps of Commissionaires.: This corps, composed exclusively of discharged soldiersMand sailors, supplies many of the great'mercantile institutions, notably the great banks, hotels and leading shops, with messengers, whose smart appearance and civil behavior has earned themfa lasting popularity. From the report of Captain Sir Edward Walter, K.C.B., commanding the corps, it appears tbat .at that time the number of men:! in barracks was 1607, and tbat the general conduct of the men was excellent. It is now intended to form a- hranch of the service in Sydney, and Major J. Hawkins, lately in. command of the Belfast, Glasgow, and Edinburgh ont-quarter divisions, has opened an office in. the Sydney Arcade,:No. 30, where employers may engage men and learn every particular concerning them. Readers (says a Cootamundra journal) will have noticed more than one reference in Our telegraphic and written correspondence from Tumut as to certain police proceedings which seem to call for public comment. It appears that, throughohaigesmade-secretly against tbe police and as secretly investigated, Sergeant ^L&rkins; was reduced io the rank ol senior-constable-after .24 years* service ; Firstclass Constable Berry was discharged after 13 years' Bervice ; and Constable Warren was finod; while Larkins and Warren were removed from Tumut. The charge was that luembera ot the policc were playing billiards while ibey should have been on duty, and while riotous proceedings were going on in Main-street, Tumut—duiing election time. This charge has been' investigated "by the Police Branch, with the result aB stated above, and it is said the evidence produced showed that two constables did engage in a game of billiards; pnd the statement of their accuser was alone accepted as to the riotous proceedings. The Americans are evidently very far from being pleased with Beach for having. relinquished the rowing championship in favor of K^inp, Oae of their papers says :—" The uaiue of Beach is likely to be quite as much immortalised by his manifest unfairness in handiug the championship over to Kemp as by the many really splendid aquatic victories he had achieved. Hanlaq was the man who of all men deseived the honor, he being the one from whom Beach wrested the coveted distinction, and he «lso having proved himself to be—well, not quite tbe Australian's equal, but as uearjy tbat as it was possible to be. It is a pity that Beach did not band over the championship to the next best sculler in the world to himself, and thus end his career as be had conducted it throughout, in a truly manly and honorable way. " Never mind, Hanlan," the writer continues, " we hope to see you I ring back the championship to America once more, and are of the opinion that alter you succeed in regaining it, should even the great Beach challenge you again, he would find himself unable to detect you." The steamer Wendouree, which arrived at Sydney from Melbourne on Sunday morning, narrowly escaped a collision with a large steamer shortly after passing Cape St. George. The night was very dark, and a sharp lookout was kept, with the result that the lights ot a large steamer wiere seen approaching on the starboard side. As the vessels neared each other, Captain Le Neveu noticed something strange in the movements of tbe other steamer, apparently due to the steering gear being beyond control. When the vessels were within a . few lengths of each other the unknown steamer was pursuing such an erratic course that Captain L9 Neveu eaw that only prompt action on his part would avert a collision. He caused the helm to be put hard, sport, and brought the vessel round so suddenly that some passengers were thrown down, a few of them being slightly injured. As it was the vessels passed within about three lengths of each other, and but for the watchfulness of the captain of the Wendouree a collision would almost certainly have occurred. The Wellington Press of the 21st January has the following :—" There has lately been some discussion concerning the violence of the wind in different parts of New Zealand, and a Wellington resident related, as proof of the superiority of his city's nor'-wester*, the circumstance that, some years ago, a fiat-bottomed boat lying on the beach here was raised bodily in the air by the wind, carried some distance, and fell on a lady passing by and killed her. The accuracy of this statement was questioned, and we were appealed to to decide the point. The occurrence did actually take place about the middle of the year 1843. Tbe boat was lying bottom upwards at Te Aro, undergoing the process of painting, when a gust of wind sweeping up the bay got under it, took it up like a balloon, carried it some distance, finally dropping it, with the fatal result mentioned, exactly opposite the Ship Hotel. There are many old settlers still in Wellington who remember the occurrence per fectly well. The lady who was killed wai the mother of Mr. James Cattell. The boat, or rather punt, was 12ft. long, and wide in proportion. A new method of destroying rabbits is re ported by a New Zealand contemporary:—" A well-known settler has discovered a method by which he believes the rabbit pest can be reduced to a very harmless extent, and at the same time utilised. His method is to get young pigs and rear them in confinement, rendeipg them tamfe and; thoroughly domesticated, till they are about . three month old. Then their education as 'rabbit-hunters commences. If properly attended to, the young pig will follow the owner like a dog. It is to be taken out to a rabbit burrow ; the burrow is to be dug out to about 6in. of the nest; a young rabbit is then withdrawn and given to the young pig, which, having devoured it, follbws up by making a square meal of the family. Next day it is taken to a new burrow. This is partially dug out (not BO much as before), and the pig is allowed to do the rest of the work. Having acquired a relish for young rabbit flesh, Mr. Pig will readily do the work^ and go nut and root out the pest on his own account. It is found that a pig so trained tears theburrows open, uprooting flax bushes iA the operation with amazing rapidity." The illumination of Port Jackson: last week was a gorgeous spectacle. No one who saw the gay sight could have anticipated the pleasure they derived from the pictyireao splendidly painted on one of the mbBt suitable natural backgrounds possible to be found in the wbrfdi' ^Evei-y' poiht of VaqtagA on the shores of the harbor was crowded witfi a dense mass of eager and delighted spectators. Tbe main body of the illuminations were confined to three centred, namely, Kirribilli Poiut, Mrs. Macqu'arie'e Chair, and the Pinchgut Fort; but in addition to the display, proper, many houses in commanding positions overlooking the harbor edded to the beauty of the scene by miniature pyrotechnic shows on their own account. Government HOUBC loomed out from the darkness under all the gorgeous brilliancy of the electric light which, fitted up in the spacious grounds of tbe viceregal residence, sent forth its rays of light through the masses ofloliagHOUt across the dark waters of Farm CoVe. The Admiral's hpupe truly presented a gorgeous Bight. Messrs. Pain, the London fireworks kings, had charge of this commemorative ' display, and did their work thoroughly and well. A meeting of insurance agents favourable to the formation of a Protective Association was held at Miltborpe'a York Hotel, Sydney, last week, when Mr. E. Cohen (Equitable Assurance Society of United States) took the chair and briefly explained the object of the meeting. The-'association would lie equally in the interests of the managers and of those they employed, as its object was fo far as possible to exclude from their midsttheblack^beep who brought their calling into disrepute. Mr. G. H. MorriB (of the Mutual Society of New! York) added that the meeting was indirebtly the outcome of one held at the Metropolitan * Hotel some time back to protest against Judge Docker's intemperate attackupin their class. He himself had always found that the* highest references were required, but at tbe: same time he must confess that black sheep: d<d creep in owing to the laxity of managers when engaging their canvassers, and he! thought that it was this state of things which needed the remedy which the proposed insti-; t ute would provide. After some discussion it 1 was resolved that a provisional committee should be formed, cohsisting of Messrs'. E. Cohen, G. T. Bethel, C. W. Martin, H. S. Purgnont, and P. E. Hubbard (Equitable U.S.V ! G. H. Morris (Mutual, New York), W. G.J Wilson (Mutual Provident), and F. Webster (Equitable New Zealand), to carry out the objects of the meeting. , - We (Free Press) understand that Mr. S. M'William, of Corowa, as tbe result of a series of experiments, intends devoting a large portion of this year's vintage to the manufacture of unfermented wine. The manner in which a few bottles made last year have retained their quality has induced'him to go into the business on a larger scale, and he intends to turn out kt least 1000 bottles this season. Only a portion of this number is intended for sacramental jises, as the sale for this description of wine is heceB8arily only limited. Mr. M'William seeks father to manufacture a light and palatable ^leverage suitable for the use of abstainers, and with this object will mainly use the lighter sorts ot grapes, such as Chasselas and Reieling. It is evident that once the initial difficulties are overcome, there is plenty of sale for such a beverage as Mr. M'Willijm proposes. The "teetotaller" has Lot hitherto been particularly fortunate in hitting on a substitute for alcoholic liquors. The capacity of the average stomach as regards lemonade is limited ; sodawater is decidedly not cheering ; and the various temperance beverages have not up to the present been an unqualified success. ;There is thus a splendid opening for a new drink—something that can unite the invigorating properties of wine with the harmlessness jof water. If Mr. M'William can fill this "long-felt want" he bids fair to do a larga and profitable business. 