LICENBIKO COURT.—At this court on 31st nit., leave of absence for twelve months from his licensed bouse was granted to William M'Camey. THE HOSPITAL SURGEONS.—Dr. Woods having retired from the contest, Drs. Kennedy and Lyons have been re-elected surgeons to the hospital. BURHXTAA RACES.—This meeting takes place on 9th February. All nominations for the principal events must be in before 8 o'clock to-morrow evening. THE ALBURY PUBLIC SCHOOL.—This School has been raised to the rank of a Superior Public School, and henceforth the highest class will work up for the Junior University examination. ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL—The ordinary meeting of this body on Wednesday evening lapsed for want of a quorum. The members present were the Mayor and Aldermen Mate, Frew, and Jonee. TOWONG RACES.—A capital programme has been issued for the annual meeting of the Towong Turf Club on 8th and 9th March. Nominations for the principal handicaps close at 6 o'clock to-morrow evening. THE ELECTORAL ROLL. — The collectors have completed the compilation oi the roll of the Albury electorate. 264 names have been excised and 258 added, leaving the total of 1435 electors, or six less than last year. ELECTORAL REGISTRAR.—Mr. James Thorp has been appointed a deputy electoral registrar for the Wahgunyah division of the electoral district of Moira, and for the Rutherglen division of the North-Extern Province. FIRE AT MOORWATHA.—A fire broke out on Tuesday last in Mr. D. Reid's vineyard at Moorwatha, the wine-shed being completely destroyed. By diot of strenuous exertions the lire was prevented from epreading beyond the property. PROMOTION.—Mr. Gazzjrd, chief goodsclerk at the Albury terminus, has been promoted to the rank of relieving stationmaster. Mr. Gazzjtrd, who has wou much popularity by bis uniform courtesy to the public, will be succeeded by Mr. Webb, from Sydney. To COUNTRY STOBBPBEPEBS.—Tour attention is di that the stock of Boots and [BRIS AND Co.'s ALBURY BI |g cleared out at a sacrifice, epared to' deal liberally wil els may require, This is a gi ve are leaVing the district. Kindly give us a call,—[ADVT.] THE SALE OF POISON.—Under the Sale of Poisons Act, only chemists duly registered for the purpose are allowed to siell poisons. A few days since a chemist in Sydney was sum moned for haviog sold poison in violation of the Act, his name not being*on the register, and was fined £2, with £7 costs. The defendant was qualified for registration, but had omitted to register. THE LATE FIRES.—As one of the consequences of the recent bush-fires, we learn that a large number of sheep have been left in variouB parts of the district in a terrible condition. Many of them, though terribly in juredj are still alive ; some have actually had their eyes burned out. As an act of pommon humanity, speedy steps should be taken to kill these animals. RAILWAY STATIONKASTERS.— In consequcDce of the promotion of Mr. Hamilton, the Ballarat stationmaster, to the position ol Acting District Traffic Superintendent, and the transfer of Mr. YateB, oi Spencer-street station, to Billarat, Mr. Filzpatrick, of Ararat, will be transferred to Speccer-street, Mr. Ejrle, of W >donga, will go to Ararat, and Mr, D. W. M'Kee, of Serviceton, -will come to Wodonga. ALBTIRY ANNUAL RACES.—The programme of the Albury Racing Club includes twelve events. The Albury Cup is a-handicap of one mile and a quarter and 182 yaids, the priz-j being 100 sovs. and a gold cup value 125 eov-s. The St. Patrick's Handicap is one mile and a quarter, the prize 100 sovs. Entries for these two races and for the Steeplechase and Handicap Hurdle Race must be iu by 15 th February. CHARGE OP LARCENY.—A man named Timothy Kenny was brought before the local Binch on Saturday, charged with stealing the eumof £20 from Messrs Barker and Co., rail way contractors, of Bonegilla, Victorii. Prisoner, Who had been apprehended under a Victorian warrant, was remanded to Wodonga. Sergeant Brown conducted the prosecution, and deposed that jCIS 10a. bad been found on ; the prisoner when arrested. SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Tuesday the following business was dealt with :—L. Solomon v. George Wain, claim for 6J., balance of account. Verdict for amount, with costs 7s. Mitchell v. Thomson, claim for j£7, for wages as a saddler, and for commission on {goods sold. Defendant admitted the debt, but put in a receipt. Plaintiff said the receipt had not been sigaed by him, nor by his authority. The case was adjourned. " A SLIGHT MISTAKE.—An old lady who purposed travelling by the cheap trainB to Sydney daring the Centennial holidays, was much disappointed on finding that the lare was over 30a. She tendered 63., the rate mentioned in Che aflvertisement as the ^ minimum " fare, and was greatly surprised to find that six times as much Was needed. Her entire wealth consisting of a trifle under £2, the jaunt to Sydney was indefinitely postponed. THE PUBLIC BATHS.—The new swimming baths, for which Albury has been so long waiting, ate now practically complete. There is a little yet to be done in the way of tar paving, but as this would take some considerable. time to set, the contractor, Mr. J. Matthews, suggests that the paving should be deferred for a few months, in order to allow the public the use of the baths as soon as possible. In all other respects the work is ready to hand over to the Council. RAINFALL AT CULCAIRN.—Mr. J. H. Balfour favors us with the following statistics of the rainfall at Round Hill for last year :— January (three days rain), 87in.; February (eight days), 4 64in.; March (seven days), 5*40in.; April (five days), 73in.; May (10 days), l*99in.; June (13 days), 3 79in.; Julv (13 days), 416in.; August (seven days), 230in.; September (eight days), l'88in.; October (six days), 3-26in.; November (seven days), 253in.; December (six days), 2 44in.— Total, 33*89in. DEATH OP AN OLD RESIDENT.—We have to record the death of a very old resident of the district, in the person of Mr. R. Anderson, who for upwards of 30 years was a member of the local police force, and for many years held the rank of sergeant. The deceased at one time was a very active member of the force, and in the old days had a good deal of rough work to perform. At a later period be conducted the police-court prosecutions very intelligently. The funeral took place in the local cemetery, and was numerously attended. REVOLUTION IN DRAPERY.—Our sale is still proceeding, and with most satisfactory results. E. M'LENNAN and Co. are determined to clear the balance of their summer stock, and will offer greater inducements than anything previously attempted. Ladies' Corsets we are clearing at Is. lOd. per pair; Ladies' Long Lisle Gloves at 3d. per pair; Danish Kid Gloves, four-button, at Is. 6d. per pair; 2000 fashionable Straw Hats at 6d. each; 160 Ladies' fashionable Jersey Jackets at 2s. lid.; Boys' Tweed Suits at 3s. 9d. : Advertisement on page 33 will show that we are offering bargains in all departments—[ADVT] AN .AWKWARD CUSTOMER—A rather unwelcome visitor put in an appearance at the Mechanics' Institute one day laBt week, in the form of a young bull. The animal got away from a herd, and made its way into the large hall as the curator was arranging the room. Mr. Simmons was naturally indignant at ,this intrusion, but being busy at the time and not wishing to appear uncivil to a . stranger, he concealed bis wrath and retired. The bull perceiving a lit le coolness in his reception, retired . also, merely marking .,his sense of the lack pf courtesy displayed towards a Visitor by tossing up a chair or two. WODONGA SPORTS—The protests lodged by TbGffiraT3*2Ky abTWalter Pembertbnagaioat awarded to Corpeliua iiogan, the first man in each 6y6rit/ and F. sFe'rgus(ih< i Who -finished second in the Maid?u Plate and third in the Sheffield. Handicap, were discussed at considerable length on Friday evening, at a meeting of thd sports conimittee. After deliberation it was agreed that both protests should be considered a'fortnight later, to give D'Arcy and Pemberton an opportunity of adducing evidence in support of their statements. . WONDERFUL BARGAINS IN BOOTS.—Everyone who has purchased at MORRIS'S ALBURY BOOT PALACE this week has been' astonished at the way the firm are treatihg them to bargains, and those who have not already been there should do so sconce. The firm always iqark their goods at JCceedjBgly low pricey and are still selling WMoBeWrices ; but when one has completed tnjtr pffl^feigetja- pleasant surprise awaits them incite wfiy^fa refund. For instance, we saw a parcel bought, the total price of which was £5 5s., but .when the money was offered i25s. was returned ;GO thai:'while the man was satisfied phe .boobs w^re cheap at five^guineas he actually only paid £4. No wonder the place is frequently packed with people.—[ADVT.] MAIL CONTRACTS.-—Tenders have been accepted by the Vic orian .Government for the undermentioned postal services :—To and from ykickandandah apd.Wodonga, pia Osborne's-Flat,- Allan's 'Flat, and Kiewa, "three days a week, from 1st January to 30th June 1888, at the rate of £165 per annum, £8210&, Jap. M'Dougall,; to and from Yackandandah and Barnawartha, via Wooragee North, three davs a week, from 1st January to 30th June 1888, at the rate of £65 103. per annum, £32 15?., Burdon and Lowe; addition to contract No. 1660 of i887-88, from 23rd December 1887, at the rate ol £72 D6r annum, £3714« 10d., Vines and M'Phee. ' FIRE AT URANA —A fire broke out on the 26th ult. at Urana station, the property ot Messrs." Newton Brothers. A large bay-shed and stable containing many valuable vehicles and hi most all the station machinery and agricultural plant, harnes8, saddlery, &c.;,and one valuable horse, were destroyed. The estimated loss is about £1200, which is only partly insured. The origin of the fire is a mystery. Theiay-ehed /contained aver A$Q toaa pf -hay, and thV was blowing at the tinie i£a favourable direction, otherwise 4he homestead ! would have shared a similar fate. Much sympathy is expressed for Messrs. Newton. . BREACH OF THE STOCK ACT.—At the pob'ce court on 31nt ult. a number of stockownera were summoned for failing to send in tte returns Required by law. : Iri'moBt instances the returhe had been forwarded since the issue ot the.summonses, and an order was made for payment of costs. C. E Ighill pleaded guilty, bat said he had received no notice. TJhe Bench said that it wasnot obligatory ou the inspector to give notice."'A. fine of 5j. and 4s. 101 costs was imposed. John Connors pleaded guilty,and was fined in alike amount Robert, Oollani .did not appear, and proot- ot service being informal the case was struct our, and a fresh summons ordered to issue. A SUDDEN FORTUNE.—A young man named Charles Sin'namon, who has been wording for some time for Mr. S Chandler, butcher of Namurkah, has received toe intelligence that his father has been left a fortune ol £60,000 by the death of a relative in Ireland. The fortune consists of valuable house property in Belfast, Ireland, atad the rents are said to be worth nearly £6000 per year. The feinnamon family, who have been residents in the Maldon district for a long time, were hardworking people in poor circumstances. Ihe letter announcing the good luck had been lying at the Maldon post office for nearly twelve months, it having been registered, and the person to whom it was addressed, Mr. Sinnamon, senior, being away from Maldon at the time.. The family will leave soop to. claim their property. FIRE AT WELAREGANG —The Welawgang homestead on the Upper Murray, belonging to Messrs. Paton Bros., was totally destroyed by fire on Tuesday night. The fire was occasioned by a little girl striking a match in the bedroom ; and incautiously holding the niatch so near the bedclothes that the latter took fire. In five minutes the house was one sheet of flune. The building was erected about 40 years ago, and the material being, ol au inflammable character, and after the late hot weather very dry, it burned like matchwood. Very little furniture was saved, many valuable heirlooms being destroyed in the confligration. The damage is estimated at £500, and the property was uninsured, and pending its completion the family will reside in an bo'el the property of Messrs. Paton, which has for some time been unoccupied. THE CENTENNIAL CANTATA.—The Centennial cantata composed by Mr. Alpen appears to have met with a very favorable reception. The Sydney Echo, at the close of a lengthy and laudatory critique of the composition, says :—" His Excellency and Lady Carrington warmly congratulated the composer on his work, and in this congratulation all unprejudiced people will join. Herr Alpan is not Mendelssohn, nor is Australia Germany, but there is very much deserving of credit in the music and in the interpretation, and the .quiet perseverance wbich enabled him to accomplish his work whilst the other musical people were intendingto"doBt«nethitighaB resulted in a y,epy enjoyable addition to the festivities of the week. We understand that the, Government have placed the stand in the Domain at Herr Alpen's disposal for a repetition of the cantata at an early date." ACCIDENT AT COB BAM.—A serious accident occured last week at Cobram, by which a man named Kulland eustained a severe fracture of the skull. He and his brother were engaged carting with a team ot bullocks, and after knocking off work on the evening stated, the untortanate man went on horseback to drive the bollocks to a paddock near by. When returning the horse threw its rider violently to the ground, causing the injury. He was found soon afterwards by a young man named Crowley, and conveyed to the camp, whence he was afterwards removed to Numurkah for medical treatment. He is now lying in an insensible condition at Monk's hotel, never having regained consciousness since the accident. His case is considered to be a very;badohe. Kulland is a respectable man, and has been in the district for about two years, having previou ly come from St. Arnaud. THE BAND CONTEST.—In a description of , the recent band contests iu Sydney the Herald refers to the Albury band as follows :—" The Albury Town Band (Mr. D. Pogsbn, bandmaster) played first, a fantasia ; Balfe's 'II Talismano' being the chosen selection. This band showed much delicacy, bint the piece gave small opportunity for the exhibition ol the more dashing qualities of style. The tune was generally good and much attention was given to expression." The Telegraph says :— "The first band to march forward was the Albury Town Band (white helmetB, blue serge and silver facings), who gave a careful rendering of selections from «II Talismano,' under BindmaBter D. Pogson. The cornet solo, giving the lovely melody in which Sir Kenneth addresses the flower hfe "has in his hand with the words' Rose, I love thee,' was well done, but the sparing use of the percussion instruments caused an effect which was tamer than it nhould have been." NEW HARVESTER —Our Jiudera correspondent wiijtes :—" There is at Mr. Christoph iWestendorf's farm a newly-invented macbipe called the'Australian Harvester,' which con- SIBIS of a stripper and cleaner combined. After the heads pass through the cOmb and beaters of an ordinary stripper, the wheat and chaff go straight; into the winnower, which is fitted iiiBid<5 the fitripper- box, the chaff being blown into a receptacle at the rear, the small grain And, other seeds shaken thtough the susves to the bottom, and the clean wheat elevated into a hopper (holding about three ba#>) fitted with' bag, books, and slides on both sides. It is understood that the machine IB sent up with a view to court any suggestion of. improvement that some ol our practical farmers might make. It is quite certain that it wil fiud some supporters amongst those who have to torn the cleaner handle in the hot sun all day; and without speaking irreverently, ; it pats o n e in mind of the Yanked patent sausage machine, where they drive the pigs in on Saturday night and they come out sausages Monday mottling, "ready for the week's business" !>;. v ; , : o. OBSTRUCTIONS ON THE RAILWAY-T-A RATHER sensational rumor wascurrentintywn on Saturday night'to the effect that a deliberate attempt ha l been made to throw the taight-train tfrmh Hay off the line. lt appears f th^t two.young men in theepipVoy of Mr. Fkmirg, o! Hautcville, had occasion to cross fch\e railway liiie on Saturday, evening, and found an:obstruction placed on,the rails neap theraceconrs^platform. A piece pf inch board about 16 inches long had'been set across the tall, fche bo&rd; being supported at each >end by-a little, heap of stoneB. An iron bolt.had also be^p placed ou the rails. Oa inforin'ation beitig-given at the railway station, Mr. Robing one of the permanent-way inspector^ immediately started for the scene, and found the piece of wood referred to, which had been removed from the rails by the discoverers.: He also found that all the glasses of a disused signal-lamp w.ere smashed up, the lamp having apparently been used as a target or " cockshy " for stone practice by children., From,this .a^dfrom other circumstances, Mr. Robins arrived at the conclusion that the whole affair "faad' been the work of children. "He'wae 'alsooT - opinion that even if the obstruction had remaine4.no harm would have ' resulted, as the engine ' would simply have passed over it. The' matter has, howerer, bein placed in the han^s of the police, by whom, it will be fully investigated. AN OVERWORKED DEPARTMENT—rlt is popularly believed that members of the. Civil Seivice ecjoy'a veify much largt't^huniWbt holidays than that; 1 vouchsafed tot other members of the community. This belief is certainly unfounded' so far asihe Telegraph Department is concerned: A Sydney'Journal J of Saturday last: says :—"Altbpugh 1 soflie branches of the Civil .Service are not overworked by any meads',' We* Ubir dVaW'attefatiou to very bad ireat'ment /ofI one', department. Like newspaper men, the telegraphy operators, whose duties are always of an irksome character, have to work hardest during holiday time. In fact, the labours of the one-are very much dependent upon tjhe other. Now, the generality of thfe Civil Service had fair share of holidays at' Christmas time—Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday. Besides these, they got a half-day ori"Monday this'weekj and tilso from Thursday till Monday next. The unfortunate opecatora h?.d to put up with p respite from 10 o'clock only oh Boxing Diy, and the samfe Yesterday. If the public requirements idemand that the office shall be kept qpen al^ipat continuously, some sort ot arrangement should be made to give the electric slaves' a r^i/fc froni tbeir arduous duties. ; The Honk tbe^Fostmasterr General should certainly see,, to thj& H< could undertake the task witn good g&ce;, fb for an enormous revenue is being collected just now, owing to the mining boom and a general revival of business." FIRES IS THE WAGGA DISTRICT.—A ^respondent writing under the following :— Extensive bush-fires have been raging in the u district. , ,For several days past volumes of smoke have been visible from the town, issuing from behind the hills in the direction of he TRock'and neighbourhood of, Yarragundry. In .the latter locality, among others, Messrs.. A. Davis and M'Cormack have been completely' butfht out as far as grass,, is concern^d,i )and;jmanj, others have. also, los^ considerably in fencing and gfata." In the Coolaman direction an immensa bush fire ^occurred,. burning the whole of Ariah station and destroying the whole of MeBars. Hales and Meurant'sgrass, together with four miles «nd a balf of their fencing.: Messrs. Fisher, Shannon, and Dennis also loBt the greater part of their grpss by this fire. Down the river a fiie broke out at Ganmain on Sunday, and threatened considerable damage. The manage^ of { Mr;, Halliday's Brookong run reports that no sbrep were burnt there. The report from Urana'that 3000 were burnt is incorrec'. , A fire started^ close tp the Cross Roads, and spread with gr^ftjj. rapidity towardsTheR)ck,tbe wind turning its. course to Burke's Creek and carrying it sftfate the country lying between Burnt,Hut, in the. 1 direction of the Urana-road. All the hands in the' neighborhood Were ' hard ht work battling with the flames, but owing to the strong winds their efforts were of no, avail uutil {Saturday morning, when apparently the. fire was got under ; but, the wind freshening again, the fire burst out simultaneouslyrinx three directions, burning with great Spree-, Hess and threatening to devour the entire country between Pothingalarni «nd Uranaroad. Tho.Be present werq mupJrexhqviBted by their previous efifjits, but a. slight reinforcement app^red to give renewed strength, and all hands. Worked with a will. Fortunately about three o'clock pn Sunday morning the wind completely'changed, and allowed the willing workers to teat" the flames down, iand by means of trails of burnt grass,ap-- parently the fire w^s got well under, and itw;as thought thati unless the "wind cbahged apaih during Sunday, the danger w&si; ovei-. Oil' iSunday night there was tnp reason, to fear janolher outbreak of the fire, which may "be considered to have been safely got under at that time. "To"estimate the amount of damage done is impossible. It is compn'ed that about 32,000 acres of ^ass fetid a laige amount of fencing were destroyed. Among |the principal sufferers were Messw. J. Mackay, Q. Power, S. Davis, WooAo, Gilmour, and Messrs. Mackay and Copland." * ; PAINTINO AJTO D^AWING, ^- Mfcs E. P. iMudge'e classes re-open on Tuesday next. 