VICTORIAN MEMS. The Melbourne tramway empbyes have decided to form a union. Fifteen trade societies in Melbourne have signed their acceptance of a board of conciliation. The Government have removed the restrictions against the importation of stock from abroad. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was last week elected member for Belfast in place of the late Mr. J. J. Madden. The London Daily Telegraph says that Australia is the grandest national youth the world has ever Been. It is proposed to Bupply water to the towns of Cariabrook and Majorca from Lake Stewart, at an estimated cost of £30,000. Mr. Syder, acting district superintendent in the Nortb-Eastern district, has been perma- nently appointed to that position. The Geelong Advertiser is threatened with an action for JGIOOO if it does not take back some remarks it made recently about some other printing establishment. The master of the ship Windover, which has arrived at Melbourne, reports meeting the J. T. Berry two days after it had been abandoned. It was still burning, but he ascertained no one was on board. Two hundred and fifty cases of typhoid, of which 42 were fatal, have been reported to the Central Board of Health from the 1st December up to date. The outbreak is not abating. Last week's return shows 62 cases, 11 being fatal. The grape harvest in the Sandhurst district promises to be very large, and in the vineyards about the Axe, Sheepwash, and Emu Creeks the vines are free from disease. The London demand for wines, add especially red wines, is on the increase. At East Brighton on Sunday, a quarrel occurred between two market-gardeners who had bien drinking, named Ross Henery and Thos. Wall. Blows were exchanged and Wall fell to the ground. When picked up he was quite dead. Henry was arrested. Mr. Gaunt, a Billarat barrister, is said to have offered a prize for the elucida'.ion of the following clause of the L : censing Act:— " Fees for license*, not including new licenses, other than new licenses, issued in the placiot licenses, which had lapsed since the vear 1876." The Wedeyan Conference at Melbourne has passed a resolution recommending the'General Conference to take into consideration the present manner of stitionio<* ministers, with a view of devising a method that will give less friction, and be more satisfactory to the church at large. A farmer named Nicholas Caffiey, residing at Bald-hills, near Billarat, met his death in an extraordinary manner a few days since. He was on a dray loading it with hay, when he fell and came down upon his fork in such a manner that one prong entered his mouth, coming out at the back of his head. Mr. David Holden, barrister, died in Ballarat on Sunday night from congestion of the brain, after a short illness. Mr. Holden was admitted to the bar when he was barely 21 years of ag^. He practised for 6ome years in the Nortb-Eastern district. He was 38 years old, and leaves a widow and seven children. His lemains were removed to Melbourne for interment. The Bret cargo of kauri timljer that hss ever bean brought to Uelbourne from Hameiin, West Australia, came in the schooner Thistle, which arrived a few days since. The timber is of reddish hue, having somewhat the appearance of ironbark, and Beems well adapted lor the use the Harbor Trust iutend putting it to. The Thistle is the first vesBel that has ever arrived at Melbourne from Hamelin. If time and tide wait for no man, does the bride not wait either? A curious misprint occurred in one of the papers last week, and since it is in connection with the title of a new book, now on its way to Melbourne, it may be as well to correct it. " Caught by the Bride " iB eaid to be the title of a new novel from the pen of Miss Alison Vickers Garland, whereas this young lady has designated it " Caught by the Tide." Mr. Black, the officer in charge of the rabbit extermination branch, has had under consideration the proposal of M. Pasteur for getting rid of the pest by means of the introduction of poultry cholera. He thinks daDger would result from this, as the disease might be communicated to birds and other animals. Before experiments are ventured upon, Mr. Black recommends that an expert be sent to Paris to confer with M. Pasteur. A desperate encounter with a shark occurred at Geelong on Thursday. Four fishermen proceeded in their boat to the vicinity of Limeburners' Jetty, for the purpose of hauling in their nets. They found that a shark measuring over 10ft. in length, and of massive girth, had been caught. The men were some four hours engaged in despatching the monster, which fought very savagely. The men have sustained a loss of some £15, owing to the unpleasant adventure. A wild bullock, which is supposed to be the one that escaped f rod the yards at Newmarket the other day, appeared at South Melbourne on Thursday and created a sensation. Alter running about the principal streets of the suburb and frighteuing people out of their wits, it ran against and smashed the large plate-glass window of Mr. Cook, agent, valued at £25. It almost got into the shop through the broken window, but drew out again and made off inthe direction of St. Kilda. A reply has been sent by the Railway Commissioners to Mr. Trenwith, secretary to the Victorian Railway and Public Works Laborers' Association, in reference to the questions raised at the interview on the subject of tbe abolition ot tbe right of railway contractor to sublet portions of contract. The Commissioners point out that tbe restriction of the carrying out of railway works lo day labor would increase the cost of construction by 26 40 per cent., and that no advantage would result irom a discontinuance of sub-letting. The Minister of Lands has received another extraordinary proposal with regard to the destruction of rabbits. Mr. Harry Ford, of Hastings, New Zealand, submits a scheme ot rabbit extirpation by electricity, and claims a reward which he understands has been offered by the Government of this colony. His plan of extermination is to place green food for the rabbits inside wire cages, which are charged with a strong current of electricity, and he explains that when the rabbits came in contact with the cage in trying to get at the food they would be killed by the electric shock. Tbe Harbour Trust recently let a contract for timber to Mr. C. Davis, of Adelaide, who intended supplying jarrah from Western Australia. The matter was brought under the notice at a meeting of the committee of the Victorian Hardwood and Redgum Association, which considered that wherever feasible, Victorian hardwood should be used in all public works. It was complained that the Harbour Trust and the Railway Department were employing Oregon where hardwood could be used with greater advantage. It was resolved that representations should be made to both bodies on the subject. The Wangaratta correspondent of the Age writes :—" Mr. Geo. Maxwell, Government Burveyor, narrowly escaped being killed by a young Alderney bull which was running in his paddock. The auimal, whilst being driven to the loose box, knocked Mr. Maxwell down and tore his right thigh open. It then charged Mr. Maxwell again, but he seized the ring in the bull's nose, and, although trampled upon, stuck to it until assistance came. Mr. Maxwell was much braised and weakened from IOHS of blood, but is improving under the care of Dr. M'Farlane. The bull was subsequently shot." A shocking accident nappeued to a somnambulist at Footscray, one night last week. A lad of 13 years, named Mitchell, eon of the late Mr. A. T. Mitchell, secretary of the local lodge of Foresters, rose in the middle of the night, and walked about the room in his sleep. In doing so he turned a chair upside down and hen fell back on it, the result being that .one of the upturned legs of the chair was forced into his body, and did bim severe internal injury. The patient was removed to the Alfred Hospital, where the medical staff have since performed some operations on the lad, but they have not the least hope of his ultimate recovery. A ead accident occurred last week at Geelong. A boy, about nine years of age, named Patrick O'Connor, who had gone from Melbourne with his mother for tbe purpose of seeking admission to St. Augustine's Orphanage, went tor a walk, in company with a little lad of six years, to tbe Barwon River. The boys, after playing about lor some time, noticed a boat moored close to the bank, just near the Barwon Bridge, and young O'Cjnnor jumped into it. It was insecurely tied, and the rope becoming loose the boat slowly drifted from the bank. O'Connor became alarmed, and in his excitement he jumped into the water. Being unable to swim, the poor little fellow, after struggling for a moment, sank. Western District correspondent writes :— " A large bush- fire his been raging around Mount Gellibrand eeveral days this week. On the Eagleoy Eitate and Mr. Austin's properties the damage done has been very great, about 2000'acres of splendid grass having been destroyed. Fortunately, however, the undergrass was fairly green, owing to wet weather recently experienced, for it it had been as dry as it usually is at this time of the year, it is difficult to say how much farther the fire might have spread. As it was, the fire was only got under with difficulty, and the landowners are congratulating themselves that the wet feason prevented a conflagration which, with the strong wind that was blowing, would probably have been without an equal in this district." The spectacle of a wild bullock careering madly through the streets of Kensington the other afternoon, about the time that children were returning from school, was the cause of considerable excitement and consternation. The animal had broken away from a mob, tbe property of Mr. Brundell, which was being driven from the cattle-yards to the abattoirs. It escaped at the Epsom-road, and started at full gallop through the principal street of the borough. Three horsemen went from the yards in pursuit of the bullcck, but as the latter bad bad a good start, a considerable time elapsed before it was headed and brought back. It was reported that eotne children were run over by the beast, but inquiry proved that though there had been some narrow tscapes, no casualty occurred. A young intelligent-looking man, named Frauds Stockall, described as an actor, was before the Prahran Police Court, charged with conspiracy, with Alfred Shipp and others, whereby tbe Federal Bank, Armadale, was cheated and defrauded of .£30 10s. Sergeant Lovie said he arrested the accused in Adelaide on the 16th ult. He was remanded from that city to Melbourne and, from Melbourne to Prahran. A further remand was now granted. There will be several charges brought against the prisoner and others. A few weeks ago Shipp, after beiDg remanded from time to time on a charge of conspiracy, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for false pretences. The former charge was reduced to the latter in consequence ot tbe police being unable to effect the arrest of his companion conspirators. A ead fatality occurred on Saturday in Williams-road, Hawksburn. A fine little boy named James Oastler, aged years, the eldest son of Mr. Oastler, the licensee of the Bush Inn, was racing on a small tricycle along the footpath in front of his father's house juat as an empty wood dray emerged from a right-of-way at the back of the premises. The hill here has a considerable slope, and before the boy could Btop himself, the tricycle ran right into the horse's legs. The animal bsgan to plunge, and tried to free himself from tho machine, and in doing eo the wheel of the dray went over the boy. Dr. Clendinnen was immediately in attendance, and Dr. Beaney arrived shortly afterwards, but it was found that the boy's chest had been completely crushed in, and medical aid was of no avaiL The child died at 11 o'clock the same night. A very brutal case of assaulting a wife came before the Richmond Court, John P. Lacey being charged with assaulting Sarah Ann Lacey. Tbe parties had lived in Butler-street, but Lacey left his wife about a month ago, and was lodging in Baker-street. A few days since he returned home in a drunken condition, found his wife at the wash-tub, and without a word commenced to beat her about the head She was knocked insensible, and her head was one mass of bruises, and she formed the most pitiable object which has come before the court for many years. As soon as she had recovered her senses and could get away, she went to the police station, aid Lacey was then arrested by Constable Wilcox. The prisoner was brought before Mr. John Adam, J.P., and remanded. Some time since Lacey stabbed his wife, and Bhe had to be taken to the hospital, but refused to prosecute. Another daring burglary was committed in Melbourne on Friday night. The office attached to the timber-yard of Mr. Alex. Mair situated at; the corner of Leicester and Victoria streets, was broken open and completely ransacked. Entrance was effected by breaking open a panel of tbe door in Leicester-street and then opening the lock. A strong iron' eafe was burst open, one side being cut completely off. It contained about £4 in money and a number of postage stamps, and this was all the booty that the robbers obtained. To break open the office and the safe must have been a work of Bome hours and could not have been accomplished without considerable noise, and it is marvellous that it could have been carried through without interruption, but no doubt there must have been a gang of men implicated, some ot whom would keep watch while the others worked. Two young gentlemen, named Mr. H. O. B. Lane and Mr. Francis Short, both of the Education Department, the latter the son of the Rev. R. Short, of Flemington, had a very narsow escape from drowning on the 26th ult. They had gone off iu a small boat from Picnic Point, beyond Brighton, with the object of nailing, and when some little distance out from the shore a sudden eqaall etruck the boat, which capsized, and immediately sank. Mr. Lane, who was the better dimmer of the two, stuck bravely to his companion, and kept his head above water until both were happi.y rescued by a passing boat, owned by Alexander Daniels, of Port Melbourne, who was conveying a party of ladies and gentlemen to Mordialloc. It was by the merest accident that one of the excursionists saw the heads or two men, and the boat was immediately put about. When rescued Mr. Short was greatly exhausted, and froth was oozing from his mouth and nostrils. Every attention was paid to tbe two gentlemen, and on the boat's arrival at Mordialloc Mr. Short, who was still much exhausted, was put to bed at tne Badge Hotel. He has nose recovered from the effects of his immersion. How very easily satisfied Mr. Service is, to be sure (exclaims the P. M. Gazette). What the Australians want, he eaid, is "a pigeon-hole labelled ' Australasia' for their business. If that is so, they have their wishes already, and have had them always. Pigeon-holing is the one thing in which nobody has ever ventured to assert that the Colonial" Office is deficient. Sir Henry Holland, being an old hand at the Colonial Office, knows this, and had the courage to correct and enlarge Mr. Service's modest ambition. " I should prefer," he says, " to have the Australian papers before me." But there is something yet better, aud which Sir Henry, though he did not explicitly mention it, clearly implied—namely, for the Colonial Secretary to have the Australian representatives themselves, and not their papers only, before them. Sir Henry alluded to the " immense advantages" resulting from personal intercourse with such men as Mr. Service. We entirely agree with him, and wo only wish be would set about securing such advantages in perpetuity by organising the Colonial Council of Advice in London, whie'd is the indispensable first step towards federation. Another story (says the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) is to lie added to the long list ot those that are told respecting the crass ignorance of many people in England with respect to Australian manuers and customs. It is said that some time since an English prodigal returned to the old country with his pockets full of money, and an Australian-born wife, whom he feft in London while he ran down to bis native place in the country to apprise his parents of his arrival. " Well, mother," said he, " I've returned, you see ; I've plenty of money, and mean to buy this farm for you." " Ah, John," said the old lady, " you always were a terrible liar, and you don't seem to have improved a bit in that respect" " But it's true, mother, and what's more, I've brought back a true Australian native wife with me." Then the old woman rose in horror. " Don't dare to bring her here, John ; or, if you do, you will have to promise to keep her always on the chain. I won't have her running loose here, biting and frightening people. Just think ot your bringing a wild thing like her among civilised ptople!" Tbe Battarat Star reports that shortly after 11 o'clock one night last week residents in the neighborhood of the Eastern railway station were considerably alarmed through a noise resembling the roar ot a cannon. Mr. Samuel Whiteley, who resides in Morris-street, proceeded in company with a neighbor, named Mr. Alfred Gough, to ascertain the cauBe of the noise; and hearing voices at the North Sulieman mine he stopped to make inquiry. There he met three lads, named John Fraser, Govan, and Tolliday, who, in reply to a question, eaid that the report which had aroused the neighborhood had been caused by a gun which had been fired at a cat which was sitting on a boiler. As pieces of reef were, however, lying about in all directions, Mr. whiteley and others are of opinion that the boys buried dynamite in the mullock heap, and then ignited it with a fuse and cap. In the yards of premises in the neighborhood were found next mcrning numerous pieces of reef, and in the case of Mr. Whiteley several lumps of stuff dropped on the roof of his house in his garden. It is fortunate that the boys, who are employed on the claim, escaped unhurt, and it would be well in future if a strict watch were kept on the movements of suchthoughtleBsIads. The Langlands Foundry Company have recently added to their plant appliances for the manufacture of Bessemer steel, which has not hitherto been made in Victoria. The steel is made, after the melting of the pig iron in the cupola, by purifying it in the converters, in which the carbon is removed by means of a blast of air. The steel is afterwards recarnonised, and it is then ready to be rolled or cast into shaftings, dies, and shoes (or mining batteries, cog- wheels, and many other kinds of tutings which require the greatest amount of strength compatible with their bizHitherto all such work has had to be imported, causing so much delay and obstructing enterprise to such an extent that the Langlands Company resolved to make Bsssemer steel in Melbourne. Ia order that steel ot the best quality should be produced, not only were the most improved appliances imported, but skilful smelter (Mr Clayton), who has had a large experience m the work, was brought out u!Lr engagement from England to supervise the new industry The plant, which has just l»en set up at the new works of the company, Mora? S \ S t m £ M e l b o a r n J e- * been got into h a of its kind m Victoria, it is likely fsavs The Argus) to be kept fully employed. One of the constables stationed in Ballarat city had a rather lively experience the other afternoon (says the Courier), and one which he will remember for a lbng time to come. Policeman X. some months back had a publican before the police court for a breach of the Liceneing Act, when the publican was fined. The publican's wife was very angry over the affair, and Bhe announced her intention of giviog the man in blue a rejoinder the next time he came into the house. She had not" long to wait, as the policeman, who was in uniform, entered the hotel one day last week, and in company with two friends, asked for drinke. The drinks were served to the strangers, but instead of handing the drink to the policeman, Mrs. threw the contents of a large glass in his face. The policeman spluttered fearfully, and in his excitement his helmet fell from his bead. Tbe landlady wished to have all tbe fun possible, and going to the front ot the bar she kicked the regulation headgear out of the tront bar and on to the footpath. She then returned, and getting the gallant defender of the peace by the nape of the neck, hustled him out after his hat. The constable endeavored to keep the affair as quiet as possible, but it leaked out, and bis superior officers have now the mat'.er in hand. Mark Barnes, the great agitator against closed roads in the Western District, celebrated his seventieth birthday a few days ago. Barnes, who keeps an hotel at Trawalla, is better known at every election than the candidate, and follows the speakers round most energetically, putting in a word for his hobby at every opportunity. He bas pursued the same course" for many years, and wishing to dispose of an orchard he thus advertises the fact in a country paper:—"The reason for letting this property is that I know nothing about fruitgrowing (being simply a carpenter), and of an age that 1 can't use the shove} or the hoe. Still I do not intend to lay down tbe fiddle or the bow without a struggle for my rights as a man. Further, that I am surrounded by fquatters. ^here is no labor in the district, and I can't get a living as at present eituated. The Government or the Parliameut are not honest enough to compel these rich persons to open the roads to allow struggling people to exist. There is no fear of truit-stealing, as there is no one to steal it. If a cottage is required by the lessee, I will do the carpenter work ior nil." Following this original advertisement IB:—" N.B.—Will the Portsmouth and Southampton English papers please copy (gratuitously) as it may lead to enquiries by intending emigrants, and save a deal of trouble V 