IN T ER O O L ON. I; A L . VICTORIA. [By Telegraph] (Fbom oub Correspondent) Melbourne, August 13. The seamen s Union held a meeting to- night ; the proceedings were k¿pt secret. ' f A trade dispute is looming between the two Carpenters' Trades Societies and the Bnilders and Contractors Association. The men are demanding Is. 4d. per hour for 44 hours, instead of Is. 3d. for 48 hours per week as at present. A man named Robert Geddes was arrested at the Exhibition to-day on a charge of em- bezzling '4200 from Messrs. Hoffmann ft Co, Brisbane, whilst managing clerk for the firm. Melbourne, Angust 14. ..Messrs.-Dalgety ft Co., and other shippers have Btopped the vessels from other ports en route to Newcastle, or about to proceed «thither for coal. At present there are forty six'foreign ships alone, in Newcastle harbor waiting to load coal, and it is impossible that more than'twenty can bo completed fby the time that the fourteen days'« notioe > eipiresf NEW SOUTH WALES. k .. QBr Telegraph.]' (From Oub Correspondent.) Sydney, August 13. The frost has done a great deal of damage to the sugar cane crops in the Collina district. A boating accident occnrred at Shoalhaven river on Sunday morning. A man, his wife, and two children were crossing the river when the boat, in which they were,'capsized. Two ot the children were drowned. Sydney, August 14. News has been received to-day that the steamer injerí,, from" Foochow and bound for Sydney with 5,000 tons of tea, has gone ashore at Cockburn Beef, Torres Straits and that 500 tons of tea have been damaged. Extensive bush-fires are burning along the Lower Macquarie river. Sixty men are ont trying to stop the.cenflagration. NEW ZEALAND. , / [By Telegraph.] , (From our Correspondent) Auckland, August 13. Great damage has been done by floods in the Otago and Canterbury districts. Auckland, August 14. Captain Hayward of the s.b. Mariposa bas remained at Auckland in consequence of a cablegram received from Messrs. Spreckles, instructing bim to superintend the Company's business at Sydney, and to procure coal snpplies. He returns to Sydney in the s s. Zealandia. The Westport Colliery is increasing its staff of men and intends doubling its out-put. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. [By Telegpaph.] (From our Cobrespondent.) Adelaide, August 14. The Report of the Seleot Committee ap- pointed to enquire into the wreck of the Star of Greece was laid upon the table of the House on Tuesiay. It stated that the e-i dence proved that. the Marine Board had been negligent in the discharge of their duties. 