SUMMARY. Typhoid fovor in Brisbano, Agrarian murder in Ireland. Maori footballers suooesafnL Bad drought in Now Guinea. " Another frontier " inoident." Russia abont to convert ber loans. Ship Renfrewshire posted overdue. Good water in tho boro at Tibooburra. ' Salisbury and Hartington banqueted. : Mnttiebnry has won the Colquboriu soulls. . 3000 children entertained by Mayor Smith,' Adelaide. ; The Melbonrne express was chasing Eddy's -Bpeoial tho best part of yesterday ovouing. Talk about the drought. Road this : 9000 "sheep Bold at Narramino yesterday, at prices from 18d to 7deaoh. More delay in going to work at Nowoastlo- . Wollsond the tronblo. Tremendous bueh fires are raging overyl where inland. ' ' Bushfires with a broozo travel about as fast as a borso oan gollop. j 98deg in tho shade at Woilongong yosterr ; Aay. . I A shoaror named John Collins was yester day run over by a loaded waggon at Snakes' Plains, and killed on the spot. ' Missionary sohooner John Williama ro- turned to Sydnoy. 1 The Raiatoans are " buoking" against the. 'riooapation of Raiatoa by France. The White Pasha in the Soudan has had a -big fight with tho Dervishes, and whippod them. 1 >. Borough of Aahfield loan of £15,000 sub sOiibod twice ovor. M'llwraith's reasons against Blake's ap- pointment not acoopted. 8G4 out of 900 non Conformist parsons iu Ireland aro iu favour of maintaining the Union. Salisbury says Gladstone's Irish polioy is insane. Gladstone says ditto to ditto. vSirW. H. Dyke to be appointed Governor bfS.A, Russia is going in for a £20,000,000 loan. Job's war-horse would havo smelt a battlonot far off. 1 German ironclad Kaiser gone aground at Copenhagen. Thought warships going aground was confined to British navy. The "Rajah" will bo witnessed by vioo- royalty to-night. t Said "inoident" consisted of n Gorman gamokeoper shooting at throe French hunters. : Pope again diroots Irish bishops to suppress . Plan of Campaign. Presbyterians of Viotoria going to pray for rain. N.S.W. architects in Melbourne have been \-- "liquoring up" with the Mayor. Sergeant Dalton, originator of tho word ''larrikin," dead in Yiotoria. B.I.P. No \- more original jokes in the City Courts now. Captain Mathoson, steamer Maitland, exonerated. New South Wales visitors to Molbournb . Exhibition bave been " agoin' it" in tho Car rington pavilion. Captain Thomas, R.N., retires from Vio- \- torian naval service next February. Gilded Jubilee shillings put in circulation in Yiotoria as sovereigns. Triumvirate Garner, possongor by Britan- mia for.England. £35,000 on board. Little Newcastle girl tumbled out of ia :train, running 30 miles an hour, near Wodonga. Fathor jumped after. her ; noither hurt. . Walker, Commissioner Customs, Viotoria, \- about to loave tho Ministry through ill- .health. Trades I-Iall, Molbonrno, says that New oaBtle strike was hastily ontorod on, badly carried out, and ended badly for tho inoa. . . Sovoro frost at Sandhurst (Vie.) yesterday ..morning. . ; Tho Thomson-Hcrston oleotric tramoar was tested at tho Melbourne Exhibition yoater- . day. The Melbourne Trades Hall Council arc dissatisfied with the Nowoastle strike. \- . Coogeo Palace Aquarium. . Tho load. . ing pleasure rosort of Australia. Son national toboggan rink. Tho magnifi cent Bwimming baths, For ootortain. . ' monts, see morning papors. A. E. Stop- ford, manager.' Lord Carrington and tho vioo-rogal party will bo present to-night to witness the "Rajab." Sir Edwin Smith has entertained 3000 State school ohildren of Adelaide. The annual oricket match botwoen St. Peter's and Princo Alfred Colleges is boing played in Adelaide. Prince Alfred, first innings, 117 ; second innings, 143 (for the loss ' of eight wickets.) St. Peter's, 102, first innings. The pnblio want tho "Tomboy" again So thoy aro going to got it at the Royal to night. Arrangements are being made by Mr Liddy, the manager for Miss Dotohon, for four more of that lady's onjoyablo entertain- . ments, to take pluco on Monday, Tuesday, .- Thursday, and Friday next. Viotoria is tho only oolony that appoars to , cling to Imperialism. Tho Colonial Department is considerably fluttered about its privileges. All tho London pross urge that Blake's appointment Bhould bo canoellod, Truth appoars to bo departing from its claim to its name by oraoking up Sir H. A. Blake. ' 'Sir H. A. Blake has not yet arrived in Lon don from the land of fogs. , ; Knutsford says that no high-minded man would care to accopt an appointment from ; Colonial Govonimont. Blake must bo a high- ' minded'" trap." The drowning of Mr. Pyno, 31. P., from a Holyhend steamer, is supposed to havo boon a caso of suicide. ! Knutsford porsists in his appointment (ft Blake. . 31'Ilwraith has fourteen ronsonR for d joliri- -inff (Blake, Parkes is wakening, and also wants to b'o : < consulted about Carrington's successor. ! Eveii Honest Tom Playford, of S.A., has planked down bis number olovons, and wants ,' a say in lho appointment of Robinson's sue- . ceeBor, ' Sir Henry Parkes considers that only gentlemen who have had experionoo in tho Imperial Parliament or in office should be governors. Railway commissioners returnod Illawarra ' line" Monday, southern lino Wednesday. Two American baseball toam3 to visit the colonies. They open, ia Sydnoy Decem ber 15. Captain Mann has been appointed com mandant of the' Naval Defence Foroo of i Victoria. Wo can't help it. Hopo he's the right man in the right plaoo. j'.,. . Where woro the polioo in Viotoria.streot ,7 last night f l . .,1. .. Leopold, King of Belgium, has done it at last. Ho sees dangor in the European situa tion. f j German military staff been coaohing Italy intaotios.: N.S.W. and Viotoria will' represent Aus- . - ibcCiif' at tho Paris Exhibition and havo an ; Australian Court. . j First batoh of Jorsoy farmers loxving for j, . IMildura Irrigation Colony. j Tho polioe of No. 3 station aro desirous of \- ascertaining, if- uuy person sold within tho post week - a sooondhand Bix-ehatnber ro volver, About eix inoga l6hg, \6lua tlio words British Coqstftb»jttry» on barrel. A terri"ie aooidont happoned at Forbes "J?®t0Taay to a man 70 yoats of ago, named P/anjamin Garrard, in tho employment of Messrs. Niohols and Reynolds. He was oiling a mowing maohino, when one of the horses Bhook its winkers off, and tho-toam ' bolted, throwing tho man amongst the teoth. ' Garrard's right arm' was dreadfully injured, and had to be amputated. 