C0RRY0NG. (FBOM OUB OWN COBBESPONDENT.) MONDAY, December 10. Bush-fires are again raging in the hills around Cudgewa and Nariel Some of the selectors have lost all their grass, which means money just now ; others have had a quantity of fencing destroyed, and nearly all have lost considerable time by having to watch the fire day and night to prevent it stealing in on their holdings. Any persons owning dogs which they value would do well to keep them on the chain just now. During the past week some ill-disposed person or persons, for reasons not known, have been laying poisoned baits in the vicinity of the towc, one or two harmless canines having received a dose. It is a pity the perpetrator of such a cowardly act could not be brought to biy, and reccive the punishment he so richly deserves. Mr. L. Huon appeared at the local police court on Saturday, charged with having failed to travel cattle in his charge the required distance; but there being only one magistrate present the case was adjourned until the first Saturday in January. This is the second time within the last three months that tbe court has had to bo adjourned for the same reason. We have only two magistrates in this part of the district, viz., Mr. J. Hanson of this place, and Mr. S. Bowdeu of Tintaldra. The latter gentleman is often prevented by other duties from attending the court, consequently anyone having busineES there has to go quietly home and return at a more convenient season—for the magistrates. Petitions were forwarded to the Minister of Justice some time ago, praying for the appointment of one or two additional magistrates, but as yet no appointment has been made, and the old state of things is allowed to go on. The Gordon Tent of Reohabites, Cudgewa, are using every endeavor to make their anniversary celebration, which takes place on Boring Day, a success in every way ; and judging from the way nominations for the day's sports have filled in, and the excellent programme prepared for the concert at night, I think that with good weather they will achieve the success they deserve. A procession of Rechabites and Oddfellows, in regalia, opens the day's proceedinga 