SANDY CREEJL f FRO-f OUR OWN tQOIiRESPONDENT.l I have very little news for you this time, except the same old cry — the want of rain. Water is getting very searce indeed, in fact many are resort ing to the wells to keep the stock alive. It is a blessing to have wells to fall back upon. Since my last report many indications of a downpour have been visible, but only a few drops fell here, not sufficient to damp the bushfires that have been raging around us. Miles upon miles of country has been devas tated by the devouring element, espe cially along the Wybong. I hear that Mr. Taggart had hard work to save his house. If a 'good shower or two of rain came down, much property and stock would be saved. The cattle in many places are very poor indeed, and great will be the loss of stock alone. It is bad enough for the farmer to lose his crops, without the loss of his stock. Some psople say tlust «re to have eight inches this monsh, but I wouid fee we'll pleased to see three. I see that the Stock Board had a meeting in Scone some days ago, and have taken up the matter of noxious animals, such as hares and and rats, placing 3d. per scalp on them. Now I think that 3d. is not suflicient to in duce anyone to go to the trouble of destroying these pests, as they aro not to be caught so easily. I think if some of the gentlemen would epend a day or two scalping, and see if thoy could live by it, I think they would soon bo in clined to rise the price considerably. Strange to say the most destructive animals are least taxed. Some time ago the Board gave Is. per sculp for knpgaroos that would not eat, or could be easily kept oft' the crops, aijd were not such a plague as hares or rats, but the kangaroos were eating thepastoral ists' grass, so the kangaroos were taxed a bit heavy to get rid of them quickly. Why not do the same with these pests? Jf the persons who brought these pests here were only taxed a bit, thoy would try and get rid of. The country has paid dearly enough for the rabbits, and will havo to do the same for the hares, unless an effort is now made to eradi-' cate the nuisance at once. Notwithstanding tlio disastrous confla gration in Sydney on tho night of tlio 24th, in which tlio offices of the IUpitrated. Sydney tyews shared tho same fate as those of the Evening iVcK's and Town and Country Jour ital, onr pictorial contemporary has made its appou'ance as nsnnl ; thanks to tho energy and enterprise of Mr. ,T, .T. Horrocks its Editor, who hegan preparations for its issue while the ruins of his offices were still smok ingf and though all his valuable hooks, draw ings, and engravings wore desl roved. Under these circumstances tlio current issue of the Illustrated Sydney New.* possesses a special interest, apart from that created liy its numerous pictorial and literary features, : which are of ail unusually high degree of ex cellence, including ' A History of Bowing in Australia,' 'A Cruise Among the Inlands of the South Pacific,' Sydney, its Harbours and liay?,' Queonsland Revisited, ' ' With Dickens in tlio Streets, ' Fashionable Fancies,' 'Womons' Industries,' 'Our New Railway Commissioners,' &c.;, &c.; Tlio illustrations, nearly fifty in number, com prising, among othors, a. magnificent double page engraving of Dofregger's famous pieturo ' The Blacksmith of Kochol,' representing a tfirring incident in the storming of ' The Rod Tower, Munich, by the Bavarian insur gents in 1705.' The number is accompanied by a large ' Centennial Aquatic Supple ment,' containing portraits of tho loading Australian Scullers, and a mass of facts in teresting to the lpver;j of lunatics: All, too, for sixpence I ' Waste Pai'kii for sale, on-; penny (Id.' per lb. Apply at this oflice, v 