I NEW SOUTH WALES. SVDNKV, November IB. I The case of the Australasian Steam Navi- gation Co v the Postmaster-General, in I which tbo company olaimed £6,000 for the carriage forward of letters from othor colonies, included in the Queensland mails from Sydney was settled to-day, a verdict of £2,000 being entered for the plaintiffs by consent, subject to the decision of the Full Court as to the liability of the Government. A little girl named Emma Bailey, playing with others in some scrub at Guildford near Parramatta waa surrounded by a bushfire, and io badly burnt that «he died shortly afterwards. ; ¡ ! The-missionary schooner John Willisms returned to-day from a cruise in the South Sea« and New Guinea waters. She report« tint at Raiatea 40 French soldiers Tiave constructed "a fort, and that a French war Vessel moved into position to «hell a village close by. About 600 natives were on the hill« behind the villsge'defying the French in spite of the advice of friends to quietly submit to the annexation of the Group by France. The drought is being severely felt in New Guinea. No planting has been done by the natives about Fort Moresby, and mueh pri- vation mutt; ensue. Satisfactory report« were given by all the mission stations in the vsriou« groups. '' , , . NEWCASTLE, Friday, The miners' delegates have been sitting ali day discussing a number of important^ques tiona relating to the resumption of work, and it is feared that some of the re- solutions arrived at will have the effect of delaying the ro- openlng of collieries. A resolution was passed to the effect that cavil at the Wallsend mine should not be drawn unless Summers, who had boen dis- charged, was reinstated. It was decided further that the delegates should wait on the coal trimmers and master coal trimmers, and endeavour to effect a settlement of the dispute. Some lodges declared , against hewing coal being handled by'non-union trimmers, while others declined to boycott the employers of non- unionists. The resolutions mentioned will have the effect of throwing the whole district into confusion and doubt, just as it was thought that matters bad been amicably arranged. The only collieries likely to stand out at present are the Wall Bend and the New Lambton. Mr. Brown will be interviewed with regard to the' i cavilling question to-morrow, and Mr Neil- son is to be asked to reinstate Su-nmers. The proprietors stated at tho conference that they were firmly rosolvcd not to resume work as long as any disputes wore unsettled, and the result of to morrow's proceedings is looked for with intense anxiety. The action of the delegates in instructing the Wallsend miners not to cavil after' having signed the agreement is not understood. The present temper of the minors appoara to be rather unsatisfactory. , 