INTERCOLONIAL. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) NEW SOUTH WALES SYDNEY, March 5. Further reductions are about to be made in the working staff's of the City Council, and within a week or two over 100 men will be dis- charged. A saving of upwards of £250 a week will thus be effected. The report of the Inspector-General of Police for last year shows that the metropoli- tan police force has been increased during the year by thirty constables, and there was a marked falling off in the number of offences reported. The Edith May reports that the Hector, brigantine, from Brisbane, called in at Aneifeum, New Hebrides, about a fortnight ago, and landed return labourers and ob- tained water. The Railway Commissioners have had under consideration a scheme drawn up by the traffic managers at Sydney and Brisbane regarding the proposal to shorten the railway journey between this city and the capital of Queens- land. The commissioners do not approve of the scheme, because though the time occupied by the journey will be conveniently reduced, the reduction will not be sufficiently great. The commissioners are now in communication with the Queensland authorities with the object of ascertaining whether it will not be possible to make some further attempts to lesson the time of the journey on the Queensland line. SYDNEY, March 6. Admiral Fairfax has complained of the delay which has taken place in the erection of the buildings that the Government agreed to pro- vide in connection with the headquarters' depot for the Australian Squadron, Garden Island, in consideration of the gift that was made by the Imperial authorities of a number of properties about Sydney and elsewhere until lately held by the Home Government. Admiral Fairfax has complained that Sir H. Parkes has failed to answer a single one of the six communications which were addressed to him on the subject ; and the Admiral, after pointing out the inconvenience to which the Admiralty has been subjected, remarked that he felt strongly disposed to recommend the Admiralty to shift the headquarters of the depot, and to accept one of the several tempting offers which have been made by the other colonies. Mr. Dibbs has assured the Admiral that he re- gretted the delay which had occurred, that the works would be expedited, and that he would immediately give the necessary directions. A handsome testimonial and address was presented to Mr. E. Moriarty, who is retiring from the position of Engineer-in-Chief of Harbour and Rivers, by the officers of that department to-day. When the Government steamer sprung a leak off Kiama, Captain Hutton and two members of the crew remained aboard at great risk to themselves until the pilot boat came off to the steamer from Kiama, and assisted to take the sinking vessel safely into the harbour. To-day the Minister for Works, on behalf of the Go- vernment, presented a silver watch to Captain Hutton and the men who stood by him, and to the pilot and his crew, in recognition of the bravery displayed by them. The steamer Corriki, while passing out of the Richmond River Heads to-day went aground, and now lies in a dangerous position. She has a fair cargo of timber, maize, and other pro- duce. The crew and passengers were safely landed. In the Divorce Court to-day Geo. Yates ob- tained a decree nisi of dissolution of his mar- riage with Lena Maud Yates, formerly of Tulloch, on tho ground of adultery, and the jury awarded him £500 damages against the co-respondent, Harry Friedman. The parties were connected with theatrical pursuits. Au notion was commenced in Hie Supremo Court yesterday, in which the Hon. J. Young and Mr. II. A. Gray sought to recover £2000 on policies of inatiraneo issued by tho United Insurunco Company on tho sohoouor Oeorgo Thornton, which was lost oft tho Burnott Hiver heads whilo on hor way to Normanton. Tho main defence was that the vessel was navigated into the bar harbour of the Burnett River con- trary to tho terms of tho policy. The manufacturers who recently wero invited by the Minister for Works to formulate a scheme with tho objoot of keeping in tho colony all contracts for water pipes required by tho Govonnnont liavo, in view of the dofoat of tho Protectionist Ministry, abandoned tho idea for the present. A court-martial is now engaged in investi- gating a number of charges of embezzlement, misappropriation, and culpable neglect against Warrant-officer William Webster, of the Per- manent Artillery. The offences with which Webster is charged have extended over about eighteen months, and involved losses calculated to amount to over £1000, represented by cash and stores. Arrived: Fitzroy, s., from Brisbane. Sailed: Glanworth, s., for Brisbane. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, March 5. Mr. Nimmo, Minister for Public Works, ad- dressed the electors of Albert Park to-night, and a vote of confidence in him was passed. The dynamite which was washed ashore from the wreck of the Neptune at Pearl Point has been destroyed. The Neptune has completely broken up, and the wreckage is strewn about the beach. Mr. Knevitt, agent for the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company at Adelaide, telegraphs that the cable is now laid between Java and Western Australia. The cable steamer Seine is still at Roebuck Bay, and until the final tests are made the cable-house and cable will not be handed over, being still in the hands of the contractors. The Governor was present at the races to-day, and before he left the course the stewards drank the toast of his health. Mr. Fisher, as chairman, in proposing it ex- pressed the hope that Sir Henry Loch would return to the colony in time for the Melbourne Cup meeting. The Governor, in replying, did not give any indication whether their wishes in this respect were likely to be realised. T. J. Trew, a clerk, was sent by the accountant of the City of Melbourne Bank with £200 to get a draft at the Bank of Victoria. He called et the latter bank and filled in a form of application and left it with the clerk, saying he would be back in a few minutes, but nothing has been seen of him since. The matter is in the hands of the detectives. In response to an invitation from the pulpits of the Protestant Churches of North Melbourne, a meeting of ladies residing in the electorate was held to- day to consider what steps should be taken to mark their disapproval of the candi- dature of Dr. Rose, who was recently con- cerned in divorce proceedings. A resolu- tion was carried to the effect that the wives and mothers of North Melbourne request Dr. Rose to withdraw. Dr. Rose declined to receive a deputation from the meet- ing, but stated that he was prepared to receive the resolution on a public platform where he could defend himself. The ladies intend to canvass the electorate generally in opposition to Dr. Rose. At a meeting of electors of the eastern suburbs to-night it was stated that Mr. Clarence Hicks had retired from his opposi- tion to Mr. Gillies, giving the Premier a walk over, but the chairman authorised the calling of a mooting to select a candidate to oppose Mr. Gillies. MELBOURNE, March 6. To-day Mr. Smith, Executive of the Com- missioners for the New South Wales Exhibi- tion, presented to the trustees of the Exhibition the model of the Jenolan Caves and the tableau representing tho landing of Captain Cook, and a number of other exhibits from the New South Wales Court for the permanent Exhibition. Sir William Robinson, who will be Acting Governor during the absence of Sir Henry Loch, arrived from Adelaide by express this morning. The experiment, of bringing cattle from New Zealand for sale in Melbourne was tried this week by Messrs. Gibson and Co. Of 136 head, twenty died at sea. At the sale the cattle averaged £8 12s. 7d. The experiment is not regarded as a success. The Government has decided that the elec- tions shall not take place later than 2nd April. A deputation from the Federated Operative Masons' Union to-day asked Mr. Nimmo to stop the practice of the Government tenderers subletting works contrary to the terms of the contracts. Mr. Nimmo promised to inquire into matters. An influential committee of ladies has been appointed to co-operate with the provisional committee in preparing tho scheme for the establishment of a permanent orchestra. The hope has been expressed that the concerts will be commenced in May. Upwards of 100 racing men in this and the sister colonies, at the invitation of Mr. E. N. Abrahams, of Ascot Vale, met Mr. Joseph Thompson at a farewell dinner prior to his leaving for England. At a meeting of the Employers' Union last night a suggesstion was received from the New South Wales Employers' Union for affiliation with the parent body in Victoria, and was heartily endorsed. It was pointed out that the unions in Brisbane and Adelaide had favoured the idea. At the annual meeting of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society to-day, a very satisfactory report was presented, which stated that the society now stands with regard to new business third amongst the Life Assurance Societies founded in the British Empire. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, March 5. The Chief Justice will be sworn in as acting Governor until the arrival of the Earl of Kin- tore. The Commissioner of Lands has decided to reoffer all the pastoral lands passed in last week at a reduction of 10 per cent on the original upset rental. ADELAIDE, March 6. The Chief Justice was sworn in to-day as Administrator of the Government until the arrival of Lord Kintore, who is expected here early in April. A " Government Gazette " was issued this afternoon proclaiming the appointment of Captain Learmonth as aide-du-camp to the Governor. Mr. Lemprier will continue in office as private secretary. Information from the Katherine River, Northern Territory, states that the new battery at Maude Creek started work on Tuesday, and all went well. About 900 tons of stone are waiting to be crushed. The pros- pecta of the field are brightening. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. PERTH, March 6. The hearing of the petition filed by Mr. Horgan against the return of Messrs. Scott and Kane to represent Perth in the Legislative Council, was commenced to-day, before both Judges. The case against, Scott was proceeded with. The only charge in the petition was one of personation, it being alleged that one Robort H. Holmes, agent for the respondent, was not on the electoral roll, but voted by perso- nating George Holmes, who also voted. The peti- tioners' case was not concluded when the court adjourned till to-morrow. It is understood that upwards of fifty witnesses will be examined. During the hearing of the case it transpired that the petitioner had placed his two sons, who are minors, on the electoral roll, their qualification being property belonging to himself. TASMANIA. HOBART, March 5. The largest fire which has occurred in Hobart for some years broke out at 12 o'clock last night in Bond's bark mills, near the wharf. Andrews's carpenter's shop and an unoccupied house, with a large quantity of tools and several thousand tons of wattle bark, were destroyed. The estimated damage is £10,000, and the buildings were only partly insured. Complaints are made about the delay at the fire station and the miserable supply of water. The fire was not extinguished till 4 a.m. The chief point in the evidence at the inquiry into the wreck of the Southern Cross to-day was a statement by the master of the steamer Herbert that a current not generally known probably carried the Southern Cross out of her course. The captain of the latter stated that the light at the cape was of no use in any case, as it could not be distinguished from bushfires. He de- clared that there was no disorder, and every- thing was done to his satisfaction. HOBART, March 6. The inquiry into the wreck of the Southern Cross was continued to-day. Captain M'Nair, of the steamer Devon, stated that he considered the passage in which the Southern Cross was wrecked was perfectly safe, and he knew of no danger there. The magistrate said it appeared that the wreck was caused by a sunken rock not marked in any chart, but he postponed his decision until Friday. The prospectus of a new opera company has been issued. At the inquest on the fire at Bond's bark mill an open verdict was returned. 