-tAGlIttUlIrfUIlt.tL JtIfll.1GS. The phenoleennl abundanco ofvege. table growth of every descripion, coupled with the near approach of the season when bhat and drought may be expeeted, areo ircumstnnces indlientig hllots ?ea.it, for extraie , crefulness in 'iig il1 l iiosibile ' pereautions against bushfircs. The urgency of the case is so -extensively pointed out and commented upon in all the papers that any notice on my part may seem superfluous; but in truth the evil effects of any outbreak of the kind would hle sO dlisastrous that too many warning noteos calln careyv hbe r?onuded. Thu lirchautiils proper to bu taken, such as ploughing bare trillps round paddoeks, tcl, are well known, yet in how many cases are they neglected? In lRiverina groups of farmers and graziers here andl there are forming bushfire brigades, to be ready, if neces sary, to ride long distances iu order to reiiler nasistaneo in case of, any out. break. The plropriety of lftrmer and grzlier, everywhere adopting somo plan of ho kinod sceuls telfuvideut A WVimmllllrat eorrespolldenl, writ ing to me about bush-lfies, says,, just as careful ships captains have all their plans cut and dried as to what they should do in. c.so of threatened ship. wreck from any cause whatever, so lie has quietly thought out two problems ; first what he had better do at onleo to prevent bush-fires on Ilis own farm; and second what he should do in case of nn invasion in any dircclion of fire fron itdidjeining lands. In order to impress his own ideas all the more firmly on his own mind, and also for the information and guidance of his family and the farm haids, hlie has jotted his thoughts down in writing. The plan appears to be a good one, and might with advantage be exten sively followed. Whenl fires occur there is always more or less ofa panic, people rushing about and exertiug themselves to very little purpose, whereas 'if any rough outline of what should be done were previously chalked out general efforts could be better directed. Crop noews from almost everywhere continues fairly favorable. Rust has made- its appearance amongst the wheat in some localities; but so far the damage done is not very serious, and for the future we can only hope for the hent. Thereisnaturally muchanxiety about the future of the wheat market. As we shall certainly have command, after harvest, an abundance which will necessitate exportation to Europe, the local price will be regulated by prices in the maikets of the world, and to form any reliable or accurate forecast of what there may be several months hence would be an idle task to at tempt.. Still there is no reason to fear that the price in the London market, which may be taken to represent the markets of the world, will fotr any length of time fall below the cost of production in Victoria, plus freight, etc., and I maintain that wheat from Victoria can be laid down in London at as low a figure as wheat from any country in the world. A. good deal of rubbish is talked and written'about wheat in India costing only 10d per bushel, and in Russia very little more, with illimitable scope for production, but in such wild statements there is always something left out which would alter the conditions materially. The Parliamentary sessionl is closed, and now will tlhe attention of agricul turists be strongly directed to the carrying out of the various schemes oar their benefit which have obtained Parliamentary eanction. Regulations have to be framed by tihe Governor-in. Council for the distribution of the bonuses for fruit growing, etc., and much',detail has rs yet to be defined regarding the, way in which the various irrigation schemes are to be organised and worked. Parliament being in recess, Ministers will have a free hand, and what they do will requro careful scrutiny. Minis ters cannot be charged with un friendliness towards farming interests, but they are pliant alike to supporters and opponents, and in any case whsere the choice lies between farming inu terests and securing support Irom in fluential friends or foes, farming in terests will go to the wall. It is not pleasant to write them, but proofs multiply that this is the correct view to take. And this view of the eitua tion leads up to some notice being taken of certain disgraceful proceed logs which marked the closing days of the Parliamentary session. If there is one thing more than another desired by farmers it is reduced rates for railway traffic, but Ministers by their recent nction in .the As sembly have made the prospects of any 'reduction absolutely hopeless. Firstly, they succeeded by a series of disgraceful stratagems in procuring an additional thousand a year for Mr Speight, and an additional thousand a year to be devoted between the other two railway commissioners. That being done for tihe Trinity at the top ofthe tree, of course sonmething hd to be done for those in lower positions, and therefore Od a day was added to the pay of all railway laborers. That addition means a yearly expenditure to the sum of at least £25,000. The proposal for this increase did not emenate from the Ministry, but they tacitly acquiesced, and could have pre vented the thing being done if they had wished. The highest and the lowest grades in Itheo immense army of railway employea being thus providad for--sometinug of course must be done for all grades betwoin the two extremes. With a pliant Ministry in power, anxious chiefly to conciliate support from all quarters, there is no saying to what extent this railway boom may go, and the working of the department will become so costly that reductions in the freight of pro. duces or anythitng else cnninot be ex pected. It is needless to remark that all grades in the railway service are already very well paid; even the lowest skilled laborers with their 7s or 8s a day of 8 hours all the year roundl, earning more than astruggling farmer working 10, 12, or even 141 hours a day. Thell pa'liainrullrv trip to thI Dookie Farm and Agrioultural Collego last week has naturally directed public attention rather stroiiglv to that instilution, and it bears the scrutiny well. The litru and collego aro now payilg expenes, iu pite uof tho fiact that thu students pay jalbolutely ncthing for -the instruction they get, the only charge madn hoing the very moderato suin of £2.25 per annum for for board. and housekeepor. For that comparativeoly small payment the stn. dents receive sound instruction, both thiourtleal ands practical, to overy branch of ltrmiung industry, includilng mnllan.gema ent of stuck, horticulture, dtairying, bee-keeping, etc., etc. Whereo referoence to any particular branch of rural industry is desired to be specially studied or practised, the wishes of the tludont or his friends are complied with, and his course of study is ar. ruaged accordingly. The parliameni lary visitors onl their roeturn expressed themselves delighted with what they 0aw at .Dookio. A sixty acre paddock of Steinwed0l wheat was lrat inspected. The crop was sown, in the end of May, and is now fully a fortnight nearer0 maturity than any other wheat on the farm. Th estimatoed yield of the Steinwedol wheat this year is 30 bushels per acre. The visitors next inspected some maize grown after the American system, that in drills three f'cet apart. This system permits of cross cultivation with harrows or other implements. 