ODDS AND ENDS.-' Tr t, tells us that as a result ofttli1 LLord Syd5dey has presented to the Queen a list-of-possible econiomies -lhich'till be equal to a saving of £11,500 a year on salaries alone . b The Master of the Buckhounds and the Sergeants-at-Arms are to bliabolisliedaltogether ; the salary of .the -Black Rod'is i to be cut down from i£2,000 to £1,000 , the expenses of the Chapel;Roval are to be: educed ; there are to be nonimore goveoriiors"-of Windsor Castle ;,the post: of Mistress of the-Robes is to be honorary; and there is to be some .diminution -in; the numlier of pages and the liko. T ruth contends that: if this schem 'is approved,: aid the same sam continiies to be paid over on account of, thel civil list, Heir lajesty should cese comiing to Parliament to mnakee provisions for. her fmniily. It sulggess further that the ;Qhueen's savings must ha?e reached up to two millions 'sterling, apiart frbom the fortune of;the IPriiice Consortii?'hich was over, £700,0000, and, the,,Neild bequest, which was made in 1852,. amountinli to auarter'of inillionsterling.. "- I " notice," says a correspondent., "' that the ,?iestioei of -the supposed ,volcano in CentranlAustralia) is '.still beiig discussed. I must say that Ido' not feel convinced' as to its existence. Aboriainal'testiniony is so; iittle.:to-be relied upon ji' ?the traditions of a long extinct volcano, remembrance of a terrible .bush-fire, might. be so easily changed into the tale of-brhning moun tain.. One gentleman writing-Sto, ,The drgus, speaks of explosions heard at long distai-ces aW-ay in the d"dsert country • .as perhleps resulting Ifrom volcanic disturbances. I wonder if these explosions are sinilar to thosofiith which I.was formerly familiar: Ondthe Upper Darling there was occasionally heard a loud crash, shair?pnd clear,.just like a single peal of !flrnder. "The blackfellows were greatly alarmcd at this ,noise, and had a disti?e~t name for it, which I forget, but ~hich resembled their' woid of thunder. For want of better e·plaunatin we used to attribute the phenodimenon to the explosioi of :the air con3fined in some river'cave?rn. U;Ii??t wiliether this was correct or not I can not sayi.' .Duiring;. the long-.illness of -.Mr: Bright, front.ivlhichhli; e is now recover nog, his family have received innumer able letters 'anl' telegrams exprcsslng sympathy with him :hand particuhlrly a hope that' he suffered 'no pain. An interesting' anecdots is told about Mr. Bright. One day recently, remarks the Pall iall Gaietel of 30th df November ,.thie Rev. F. Sann, With igtoii,n i ox-piiresident of the. United Methodist Free. Church Conference, received a.letter from his daughter at. Rochdale, anid in it the lady stated •that- a. personal--friend of Mr. John Bright told her that he recently had.ian, interview with the right hen. gentleman. The letter contained. the. following:, "Mr Biight's dog lies on iJ hibe ll all day and night; anid will not leave hiii for a minute 1Mr.Bright remarked to MIr. that a dog iwas superior to a human beinginasmuch as when a man isdriveh.to the iutnibm t 'ie gives up; but a dog coils up, anld snakes bothl enulds set." The dog to which isich chardateristic aillusibdi is" inade~ is'a Scotch terrier, -of which Ir. Bright is particularly fond. . -. :,'? ;. L ii - ,? ? :... 