Vietonan. Happy New Year— we hope. School speech-day outbreak over. Mammoth Christmas Show at the Exhibi- ticn. ,i.c, Smidlubafil» bought 14.520oz. of mfid last mGnth. . . " ' Bushfires prevalent on the Moama side of the Murraji . Widow O'Brien again on the warpath at the Opera-house. - The Womens Hospital committee propose to erect a steam laundry. . ?¥ A option I115 in countiy districts to be held m January. Mr. Spawn proposes to found a "fruitgrowing colony" at Langwarrin. 6 GaTS"EBo5,t4t!lC adSSaotE'S|?a'!l5te <=4 Joseph William Atkinson has recovered 100 damages from the Age on a libel suit. Schedule of G. C. Miln, Shakesperian acfov fileu, ''labilities £1,44 assets £1,311, M Wednesday andThursdav were public feoli- \- days, and-Friday was a'Baak hbhday also.: ' . ; MOlewa irrigation Trust approved. Govern- moot Loan to be granted at 4£ per cent-interest. Fancy Christmas fair opened at Brunswick Town-hall last week for the Children's Hos pital;' The Speaker and Mrs. M. IL Davies left- town on Tuesday, aiid :will return early la Marrii. Public Service Commiesioners to conduct an r exhaustive inquiry into our gaol system. It is needed. . Gold Mining Commission to take a cruise round Ballarat, Maryborough and Castle main e next mouth. " The AiMtralasian Society for the Advance ment of Science proposes to hold an Exhibition at the University. The Sale Borough Council kick further against, Mr. Patterson's criticism of their navigation prospects. . . The South Australian Premier prefers Hobort to Melbourne as the . place of "meeting for the Federation Conference. ' Lancefield atid part of RochforiL riding want to separate from the Romsey Shire. The Romsey people object. City Bench .declines to .convict Chinese of sly grog selling on the uncorroborated testimony of one 4 informer." Miner named Henderson killed by a fall of earth in Wallace's Gully, Chi 1 torn. YerdiSt of accidentally killed by his own fault. ; Charles Hughes, the cheque distributor and buggy borrower of Castiemaine district, has gone into retirement for fifteen months. Blanch and Co.. of Caulfield, have taken the Government contract for the first section of the Kow swamp main channel, Price £43,075. Sandhurst nominates its mayor for a seat on the new Board of . Health. The nominations ere legion — the membership limited to nine. The.new president of the Melbourne branch of the A.N. A., intimates that he intends to rake in four recruits at each meeting of the branch. Brunswick and Northcote Council agree to put a £ 1 jSfiff bridge over the Merri Creek, if the Groverament will substantially: assist- with, a grant. - The Hospital Saturday and Sunday Com mittee have sent a cheque for £1,992 to the Alfred Hospital, as its share of the annual sub scriptions. Nathaniel Wheeler, of Wheeler and Wilson, has got the Cross of the Legion of Honour, in TP/»rt(7n ificn nf r.ic eoirt n rr ovViikif vvvmimuu vx mvhiiljj mucmuv uv kilo Paris Show. Join Chambers, of Richmond, complains to the Trades'-hall Council "of the influx of Ger mane to Victoria, as he considers them worse than Chinese. Alexander Craig sued the Warragul Shire Council for causing disagreeablo . by drainage works near, his houses, but the court has found for the 6hire. William J Sharpies and Albert Johnson were fined 20s. each by the City Court the other day for holding a sort of mass meeting on Sunday ih front of the Public library. The Glasgow contractors for the Melbourne Post office clock bells are informed that they need not send a man out to superintend, the erection of these time-tollers. The Harbour Trust Commissioners gave a complimentary dinner to their chairman, Hon. N. Thornley, M.L.C., last week, ia recognition of his parliamentary and general services to the Trust." . . Woodcutters of Ballarat and Creswick State forests to be allowed to cut undergrowth once more, under the supervision of the Conservator of Forests, but are not to cut in December and January, for fear of bush fires. It would cost £G00 to supply all the Mecha nics' Institutes .with copies of the Victorian Statutes ; but that need not lie a deterrent, for the Government Printing office turns out far more than that amount of wasted printing every year. Dr. Pearson does not approve of the proposal to start four or five schools of design in Ballarat East, but dots contemplate -the amalgamation of schools which-are tolerably cIobq . together, and thinks Coburg should coalesce- with Brunswick. Round Hill affair assumed a new phase. J ustice Kerferd has granted an injunction re- straining the Stock Exchange from depriving Dix of . his membership, and . restraining from taking any personal pert in its transactions — until the legal case pending is settled. The City Bench gave Thomas Heighten six months, with hard labour, for beating to within an inch of her life Jessie Lawson, who, though cut and bruised- all over/ and with a lot or her hair pulled out, did not wish to press the charge, as her brutal assailant was " a good fellow when not drunk." The Brunswick Bench has fined Mrs. O Dondhne and her servant Jane 5s. each for annemng the pot-plants of a neighbour, " for a lark.7 The evidence showed that Mrs. CD. i instructed Jane to rake ia the pots, and then I tried to throw all the blame upon the domestic, who had not the wherewithal to pay her fine. The Melbourne and Suburban Fire Brigades Association, after declining to carry out the previous agreement, and amalgamate with the Metropolitan Association, appeals to the Insurance Companies' Fire Brigade Committee. Latter decline to act as arbitrators, but suggest a conference. Nothing can be done without a conference in these da vs. John Hassett and Frances de Yeiiles eom- mitted for trial for a brutal assault some months ago on Constable Vizard m Carlton. Vizard's skull was fractured, but he has recovered. Da Yeiiles. who was arrested at Kilmore for unlawfully carrv- rng firearms, said he was sorry he did not shoot the policeman who arrested him. fc«8 a«vi«a tie Governor that the Imperial EeVenuo Aot Ttmorea a grievance of winch colonial complaints have been m.megard to taking ouflettei ©!a? ministration or probato in England forrtA estates, of coloniste who held fares' <2? Se colonial register of banks, or who held colofiS insurance policies in British companies. Premier Permanent Building; Bodetv sue. pended nauent tost Friday. TheeoSfd exceed ila i legal borrowing powers. chased City properties durum the landrl Ite pitri ing lock jrhefi (a for £130, flOOkS fused further accommodation us. iUecaL ttJ soriety had to susppd payment SP p. itiffl&FSVfrisse;: SSSSwaSEKSSSBSg Day and presented the clergyman who tied Abe knot with a big cheque ; he had forced a baker'sname to a cheque, and hadmisappromiated moneyB collected for his emplover, a dairvman It must be a consolation to George that hepot Jus honeymoon over before he became fluent- \- Peutndse. i 