"Camperdown Chronicle." PUBLISHED Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1889. Is a recent issue it was noted that a Crown lands bailiff at Charlton had drawn -attention to the necessity of exercising special care to prevent the outbreak of bushfires dnriig the ap proaching summer. The caution may bo applied as well to the Western district as to the Nortlieri areas of Victoria. The season has been a .wonderfully favourable one for the growth of herbage, and there is a splendid show of grass all through the district. The plains north of Camper down are described as presenting a splendid picture, cheering to the hearts of all graziers. There is, indeed, a superabundance of grass, and there exist the means to save only a small portion of it for hay. The hot weather is fast approaching, and the grass will wither and become exceedingly in flammable. An old resident of the Lismoro plains has stated that the outbreak of a 6re on any part of them mast be dreaded during the coming summer, as it would be attended with the most disastrous consequences. Even if ordinary precautions were adopted by landholders, such as ploughing around their estates, the danger would still exist, though perhaps in a modified form. The disastrous fires of 1686 must still live in the recollection of landowners, and they should act as a special warn ing. Last summer, when gross was much scarcer than it is likely to be this summer, one or two narrow escapes were experienced; but if fires were to' start in the same quarters next summer under somewhat similar condi tions, they would probably defy thepuny efforts of man to Btay their progress. The danger will be as great to the selectors in the forest country as to the freeholders on the Lismore plains. The undergrowth is as thick in most places as it was before February, 1886, and a recurrence of the disastrous fires of that year is to be avoided if at all practicable. It is utterly impossible, of course, to secure perfect immunity from a visitation, but the danger may be greatly-minimised by the exercise of due care. The traveller who dovotas bia spare time largely io smoking ; die sportsman in searchof game; and tho nx enrsionist, have all a duty to perform to their neighbours as wellastothemselves. A portion of this duty undoubtedly is to carefully guard the r. ropcrties of others from injury by causes over which they may have control. The origin of many of the most disastrous fires of modern times have been directly traced to such apparently trifling cir cumstances as a smoker carelessly throwing unextinguished match on ons side; a burning piece of wadding from some sportsman's gun falling among the dry grass; or the fire used by a party of excursionists or fishermen not having been properly put out. In these and other respects the utmost caution ought to be exercised during the fast approaching summer. The advis ability of so organising the employes on any property as to be able to mobilise them so to speak at any given spot in case of emergency on the shortest possible notice, might be seriously considered by landed pro prietors. All towns of any- size or pretension have generally an efficient fire brigade at work in them; and the adoption of some suitabln plan on similar though not necessarily identical lines might be recommended. The police have also a duty to perform in stringently carrying out the work assigned to them with regard to the pre vention of bush fires; whilst the Bench, in cases of prosecution, ought to consider the enormity of the oflbnoe when giving a verdict, in the event of any ease being thoroughly established. Special attention might be paid in the forest country to the work of clearing. There are some persons who, in their ■agerness to obtain a_" good, .burn-? at •' minimum of expense, are' arilling to risk all in the attempt, and at the ■une time to place in jeopardy their neighbours' property. Such persons do not deserve to be lighted treated, and an example might profitably -o» made of offenders of that description. These words are penned by way of warning. It is not possible, of course, to entirely prevent the outbreak of disastrous fires; but it is practicable to greatly Binimise the dangers which exist by exercising a reasonable amount of care. Tn lid Boa*, who wu atrionaly injand kdi w«aki ago by • kick from a bone w pingi—in^ towards recovery, and hat now boao allowad Urn dm of crutobM by the doctor. Tm following aoeoaoti >r« Mraiting p*rment»t tha Campcrdown aab- tnaacnr: —<3\. H. OgiWw, F. Wright, T. Qwin, W. Imm, J. D. M'Keui*. J. Oiboroe, W. t. Bwaetßam, R. Davay, B. Craig. Ymtbrdat m the Uat day for iaaaiaf •aaav>naM for tka Ooanty Ooart to b« Md in Cpmperdown oa 11th Dwhi. Than arc at praamt t*a oana on tb« liat fat kaariaf. >Mt tha Maahar «dl ptokaMv 