The fiSouiiriary Dispute. It would be interesting to examine the -ethics that have- guided ' the "Victorian Parliamentinconnection with theSimth Australian • boundary question, if ;we " thought' for a moment that august body -approached the matter with a desire to '-.act justly. Their-treatment of the sub ject, b o we re r,"is satti rated with selfishness ' from beginning to end. Of course we -apeak only of the majority who recorded . their votes last Thursday against the "proposal of the Government to submit the question to the Privy Council for final -adjustment. There are views taken on r -many - questions by public-men which can / be traced- to prejudice or errura of-judg ement, but no such reasons can be urged. , ml behalf of the .majority of the. Victorian -legislators. They . admit that a mistake ihas been -made iii the delimitation .of the ' "boundary between the two colonies, and • thay take refuge in the- miserable subter fuge that because South Australia happens to have a larger territory than Victoria, therefore this colony has! no right; to -attempt to claim what it believe belongs .- to her." Siicli is the'kind of logic that is used in connection with this-question. ■ If this kind .of. argument is allowed to pre vail what is the sequence ? Simply that in the absence of a properly defined . boundary line- Victoria can claim auy. quautity of territory , from South Australia that will make lier eqnal in extent. This; -of corrse, -is reducing /ho matter to a farce and we sbould'feel inclined to leave the mat ter at this, :.if it.were not that Victoria is -determinedly trampling under foot eom toun honesty. If Victoria' is so anxious for Increased territory there is no objec tion to ber braking the claim providing; She does it decently and in order... But - first of all she must have the consent of the people interested as well as the sanction of the Imperial Parliament.. Thereis the rough and ready plan by \- means of the sword. But considering the immense loyalty and respect ourneighbors entertain for the institutions of-our com mon nationality, 110 one could think for a moment that they would ever take this means to obtain territural aggrandizement. That our lieiglibons are. bent, by hook or by crook, upon territorial aggrandizement at the expense ;df the other colonies is a " ' serious fact ; aiid if it is persisted in this ; covetous desire will he .a grave, disturbing | factor in the amity that should exist s between tlie .'-colonies as a whole.' ' In < dealing with the boundary question this is , the manner in which a leading Melbourne ! • journal writes: — " Therels-an element of meanness in-the conduct j St South Australia in making any bother .about this * miserable strip nf "lan<L'_ She possesses ah -enormous j -territory,- which -herhaudful at-people are admittedly, j Unable to utilise and yet she casts a longiugglance on j ', a few- Victorian a'irea. This colony is by far the j Smallest of the conlinential group, although it has j the largest population, and it ought to have occurred ! \- to our Adelaide friends that Victoria Would hare been ] perfectly justified iu appealing to the Imperial Parlia- 1 meet toextendhcr boundaries' at the expense of New j South Wales arid South! Australia. ... . . . . This Colony <6ould reasonably claim, not only that her title'to the few. miles of territory which South. ' Australia claims should he affirmed., but the northern boundary line sh'duld be shifted back to theMurram bidgee. The country between that river'and the Murray haa been settled by Victorians, and the lands \- imprnvedbj* Victoria Capital and enterprise. Geo graphically and commercially it belongs to this Colony, Aud would have been made a partof itin the hrttTngtmec bat for the ignorance br English public ' - toenaS regarded Australlaii aifairs a generation ago.. It is particularly ungracious of South .Australia to raise this wretchod territorial question. Victoria ex-! -Mnded'*,-°hNib.itai^rjnadi% and .sacrificed some \- valudbif lives in exploring~. the ' . —,. , —j Norti.-rh Territory .... but she made no protest against? the country opened tip by her enterprise being handed over to Sonth Australia." We quote, front that powerful leader of public opinion in Victoria, The A ;e. Wo were about to say exponwnt; but we trust for the good sense <>f the Victorian public that it is not so. During the last few weeks the cry of, " federation" has rung throughout the length and breadth of Australia ; but in the face of the treatment the boundary question has received at the hands of Victorian legislators it strikes us' forcibly that much of this national patriotism is merely a series of platitudes—empty : words 'without rhyme or reason. And j our neighbors claim to be in the van in j this federation cry. Can South Austra- ! liaus believe they are sincere^ It would j simply'be ah'insult to common sense to j say that they are.. They are certainly sincere iritheirdesire to obtain a slice of i territory from'the other colonies ; and ifbejr have^ began with South Australia ; •first by,-retaining 358,000 acres which j .properly belongs to her. This is the whole thing in a nutshell; and it is not; -disguised.in the least. But why not set: about the thing properly, and not ap- j pro'priate our territory in such a mean, "dishonest, and despicable way. We are 'told by the same journal that "Victoria ■having for 38 years held undisputed pos-; .sessinn:of. the strip of territory referred to, has acquired a prescriptive right Which.South Australia will challenge in -vain.. If adverse possession of land for :-15 years is held sufficient to constitute "a title in the . case of a private per-j son surely double the period. ought to suffice to make good the ownership by •the.State." IiJv6n if. this were true, it is begging the whole question. But it is ..not a .fact. South Australia has for more than .20 years disputed the right of Vic toria to this land; and it is owing to theneg lecl of the/Victorian people through their Government that the matter has so long remained without settlement. Qow can The "Age say they have held undisputed possession of the land in question for 38years? Why, Victoria will not give us a chance for a ■settlement.. That journal also knows very well .that a. title has never yet been obtained for the land, and that is all South Australia is asking Victoria to .settle.: - If adverse possession of land for a certain number of years constitutes ownership - then Victoria need have no feat of the resnlt.of an appeal to the Privy Council, presuming, of course that the facts -contained in the proposition are correct; - If the boundary line as origin ally delimited is wrong, and assuming that Victoria has a prescriptive right to the land, still she has no titlo. Does Victoria want to leave this matter in an interminable state of muddle; or, is she anxious to render. indefeasible her title by Laving the Whole matter properly settled before an independant and com petent tribunal. But Victoria does not waut^nyciegal settlement; she wants to sneak'lit to possession Vbf it rightly or wrbholv. If it were not" for the trouble and anhoyance that would be inflicted . upon the residents of the disputed territory, we should strongly advocate the Government issuing "a proclamation asserting juris diction over the country in dispute. This appears to us to be the only way to bring about a settlement of the matter. It is entirely owing to the good sense of South Australia that complications have not arisen before this, but jf a settlement is not arrived at they will arise sooner or later. It is a duty that Victoria as well as South Australia owes to the owners and occupiers of land in the disputed territory to have the question of ownership settled as soon as possible. If the matter is placed before the Privy Council for settle ment, and the claim of South Australia shonld be upheld,Victoria can rest assured that this colony " will deal with her in an equitable and "common-sense manner; and doubtless our Parlianieut would not be adverse to the settlement shadowed forth in the amendment that Mr. Shiels, the member for the adja cent Border district of Normandy, proposed to the motion submitted by the Government to the effect that in case of the decision being adverse to Victoria the disputed territory should remaiu Vic torian and that compensation he paid to South; Australia, Railway Employes' Grievances.— As a consequence of the demonstrative hostility with which the Chairman of the Railway Commissioners was greeted the other day at Port Pirie, the public and the Adelaide daily press are displaying a keen interest in the grievances of the railway men. The President of the Railway Em ploye's Union (Mr- Stock, M.P.) has been interviewed, and has made a detailed state ment of some of their grievances. The men have three grievances—(1) the rate of pay, (2) the accommodation provided, and (3) the matter of , overtime. On the first question Mr. Stock says that the Commis sioners "have taken men on at a lower rate of pay promising them advances if, after six months' probation, they give satis faction, and pass a first-class medical ex amination, but such employes are compell ed to sign an agreement that they will not demand more than a certain rate of pay, at most 6s. per day, this being equivalent to a reduction of Is. per day all round. In the matter. of overtime, the men are not paid, but instead they have to take an hour or two on other days at the conveni ence of the department to make up for it. The men think they should be paid. There are also numerous complaints about the accommodation afforded the employes who are compelled to be absent from home on duty. Mr. Stock gives in detail instances of the wretched accommodation which the men have to put up with, and the South East furnishes a few :—" At Muray Bridge the housing is bad, and the accommoda tion is never used except when the em ploye is too late to get into a house. It is disgracefully fitted up. There are two shelves to sleep on, and it is cold and wet in winter, and suffocating in summer. No man having regard for his 'health would use it. A two-roomed stone cottage with a fireplace has been built at Border Town. There is a table and two stretchers in it, and it is used by men from the narrow gauge. At Kingston there is a little place 6ft. high and 8ft. .x 15ft., built of wood, with a galvanized iron roof and no ceiling. The place is absolutely naked, for there are no bunks; stretcher, fireplace, or furni ture. Some of the men who have to use this place reach it at 10 o'clock at night, and leave it again at 5 in the morning. Mr. Stock states that " the amount for merly allowed by the Commissioners for | lodgings was 2s 6d all round, but an altera- j tion has been made, giving the men three shillings per night without accommodation and two shillings per night with accommo dation. The men say that the housing re ferred to is certainly not worth one shilling per night, and, as above shown, in-many instances it is not fitted for human habita tion. It occurs to me (says Mr. Stock) that the Government have set up lodging houses of a very dear and nasty character, and the difference between the provision made for our men at Border Town and the accommodation afforded by the Victorian authorities at Serviceton is most marked.. Of course the Commissioners have another side to the story. The Local Court. — The monthly sittings of the Narracoorte Local Court of full and limited jurisdiction was held on Friday morning under the presidnncy of Mr. J. P. Stow, S.M. There were four _ unimportant cases; the hearing of which consumed two hours and a half. In one case the defendant was particu larly anxious that the plaintiff should take the cnstomary oath in due form be fore proceeding with his evidence, and for his satisfaction " the book" had to be kissed so as to be heard as well as seen by all present. There was a gambling element in this action, the price to be paid fer the goods which were the subject of the dispute having been decided by tossing one of the coins of the realm. The S.M, however, did not think this invalidated the claim. The Parliament of Tictoria has passed a Bill introducing the penny postage system into that colony. Precautions against Bushfires —It would be well for land owners to take every precaution against fires before the grass dries by running plough furrows across their lands. Owing to the abund ance of vegetation this year there are sure to be many fires; but land owners can do mneh to prevent the spread of fires by a little forethought. Station owners and farmers should issue strict and particular instructions to their em ployes' in connection with the use of pipes and matches. The Mingbool Will Case. — The Crowe will case was before the Supreme Court for four days last week, and on Friday the ease was adjourned till to-day, when doubtless it will be finished. The Judge had to arrange for the examina- : tion of John Crowe in a sober condition. So far nothing has been elicited as to ] what has become of the missing will; and the judge in coming to a decision will have to be guided by the probabilities of the case. Presbyterian Sunday School.—The annual picnic in connection with the Pres byterian Sunday School will take place near the Hynam home station on Wed nesday (to-morrow). The children and teachers will be conveyed to the rendez vous in carriages attached to the ordinary train, which leaves Narracoorte for Border Town about 10 o'clock in the morning. Mrs. F. J. Packard, formerly of Narra coorte, but now of Adelaide has called a meeting of her creditors. The Bev. J. Lumsden conducted the services in St. Paul's Church of England on Sunday last. Bagot, Shakes, & Lewis's (Limited) Monthly Stock Repoet. — Messrs. Bagot, Shakes, and Lewis (through their manager, Mr. L. DeGaris) report having held sale3 in the South-East during the month at Wolseley, Penola, Lucindale, and Narracoorte, at which places they sold the following stock:—Cattle.—4 two- year-Old steers at £2 8s'; 6 three^year old steers, £3 10s to £4 ; 5 two-year- old heifers, £2 2s 6d to £2 8s; 36 milking cows from £3 to £7; 4 fat cows at £5; 4 bulls from £1 to £7 15s 6 old bullocks from £2 to £4 17s 6d. Horses.—1 draught horse, £710s; 2 medium horses at £4 lis ! and £6 5s; and 1 hack £7. Sheep.—121 aged wethers, 5s 9d ; 300 fat wethers (in wool), 9s 3d; 210 4, 5, and 6-year- old mixed sheep, 4s ; 80 aged ewes (in wool), 8s; 994 aged ewes, 3s 2a; 636 3 and 4-year old wethers (in wool), 8s 9d; 434 2, 4, and 6-tooths, mixed, 8s 6d; 648 ewes, and lambs, 2-tooth to 5-years' old, 4s 7d; 350 2-tooths, mixed, 5s 2d; 400 2, 4, and6 tooths, mixed, 5s 9d; 123 2 and 4-tooths, 5s 6d; 6 rams at 2s 6d; 37 aged rams at 5s ; 2 rams at 10s; and 1,000 aged ewes at 3s 9d. Narracoorte Dairy Produce Com pany.—A meeting of the provisional directors of the proposed Dairy Company was held on Saturday last, all except Mr. Schinckle being present. A series of resolutions were passed, and a prospectus drafted, which will be submitted to the adjourned public meeting, which it was decided to call for Saturday, the 7th De cember, at the Institute Hall, when no doubt all interested will attended and assist in formally launching the venture, A considerable amount of information as to cost of machinery, etc., has been ob tained, which will also be laid before the meeting. From the very general in terest winch the proposal has excited, and the promises of support already accorded, the successful floating of the Company is now fully assured. The Rev. D. A. Souter conducted the services. of the Narracoorte Presbyterian Church on Sunday last. He declared the pastorship of the church vacant, and as to appointing another minister to the Church it would be considered when the Committee saw their way . clear to move in the matter. Cricket.—The following team will represent Narracoorte against Apsley to morrow A. B. Lawson, R. W. Lawson, F. Attiwill, W. Piatt, T. Kingdon, W. Smiih, J. Smith, A. Hutchison, C. Hunt, G. Brownlees, and J. Magarey. 