UGHTHOUSES FOR THE NOR- THERN TERRITORY. At the Marine Board meeting of Thursday morning the question of providing lights for the Northern Territory again came under consideration. During the last four or five years the whole subject of lighting the northern portion of South Australia has received the.earnest attention of the Government and their officers. It has frequently been reported on by the Marine Board and Its officers, Morthern Territory officials, various officers of the Admiralty, and many of the masters of the large steamers trading to Port Darwin. The first recommendations of the Marine Board have been confirmed, and the decision of the Minister for the Northern Territory, who has taken great interest in the matter to push the works forward, is viewed witb much satisfaction by the Board. It needs but litde knowledge o! the extent of the trade there to show the necessity for lighting our northern coast The situations proposed for the erection of lights are Charles Point, Emery Point, Capes Don in the Dundas Strait, Fourcray on Melville Island, and Cape Hotbam on the mainland, and Clarense Straits and PalmerBton Pier. Money hu been provided for three of these only— Charles Paint, Emery Point, and Palmerstsn Pier, the latter place requiring a harbaorlighi only. For these works the Public Purposes Loan Bill of 1SS8 provides for the expenditure of £12,600. Although it is satisfactory to obtain the lights provided for in the Bill, it iB hoped that earlv provision will be made to establish Eight stations at the other places mentioned, where assistance to navigators is mn:h needed. Two difficulties which are absent in the southern portion of South Australia are to be contended against in the Territory, and those are the frequent bushfires and tae hostility of the natives. For instance, at Cape Fourcray, or in any locali js off Melville Island, in addition to tae difficulty of getting a supply of watar, the natives are intensely hostile, and one officer reports that a lightnouee stiff there would be in a constant state of siege. The vicinity of that place aho requires additional surveys, as roll ae some of the other places, before anything definite with regard to lighting the coast can be decided on. Charles Point Lighthouse wili be of great aid to ships, as it will light the way to Port Darwin east, weBt, and northward. In constructing the to werfor this place it is proposed to utilize as much as possible the ironwork left over from the Rivoli Bay and Kingston Jetties. The fccal plane of the light will be 145 feet above high-water level, and the height of tae tower to the base of the lantern about seventy feet. A first order holophotal revolving light with flashes every thirty seconds will be provided, and it will have sixteen sides. The light is to ebow over an arc of 257°, namely, green *)0°, bright 155°, and red 42°, and the remaining arc which is to be obscured 103°. Water is easily procurable, and tha natives there are friendly. A safe anchorage can also be obtained if necessary there, and the lead gives ample warning of the vicinity of tbe land. Point Emery will have a light with a focal plane fifty feet above sea level at high water. The haight of the tower to the base of the lantern will be thirty feet. The light is to illuminate an arc of 118 s , namely, red, 45°; bright, 8°; and red, 65°; leaving 242° obscured. The latter arc is to be provided with. Chance Brothers' dioptiic total reflecting glass mirror as a substitute for the unemployed lenseB. The Public Works Department have made a suggestion to the Board that the present Glenelg light be removed and utilised at Point Emery, but ae this is a very inexpensively wo.'ked light, the Board are anxious for some further information on the subject before approving of it, especially witb regard to the amount of saving. If the suggestion is acted upon, the Glenelg Jetty would probably be supplied with a jetty ligh't similar to those on other such structures round the coast, and this would perhaps answer all requirements. The cottages acd store fcr the lighthousekeepers—of which there will ba three at Charles Point and probably two at Emery Point—are the same aB those now being built on the Palmerston Railway for the mechanics and other railway employes, Ihe following figures relating to the shipping at Port Darwin will also be of interest:— Skipping inwards during 1888 amounted to 88ships, of 85,092 tons register; outwards, 96 ships, of 85,174 tons register; total, 184 Khips; total tonnage, 170,26C. The bulk of the trade is carried on hy steamers, no less than 142 of the 184 vessels visiting there being such. 