SYDNEY, Wednesday, 7.30 p.m. Two men named William Camp and bfontagno Be.o croft, employed at MIossrs. Davey and Sandas' fslip, Pyrmont, wore yesterday mixing some pntent paint containing spirits, when by omna means no explosion took place. They were terribly injured, and both died thie morning. Tho returna of the fElanaro olection give Miller (protectionist) 814t, flyers (trortrader) 689. Ono moora return ban yet to be rocoived, which cannoat alter the resucolt. At Bombala Myera had a large majority, but at Cooma and tha other poliiag.plnceas ha was a goqd way behind. Georgo ?Iolmona has been committed for trial for theo jowellery robbery at Stevenson Brothorn. Telegraphic communication wvith Port Darwin, which was interrupted, has been restored. §1. aviolau's Cradtedralt . - On Sunday nsxot it is proposed to hold an ordination in St. Saviour's Cathedral; when it is expected that the Rev. A. R. Shaw, and several candidates from tie Sydney diocese, will be admitted to tie order of the priesthood. The service will commonceo at 11 a.m. with a. sermon by the Rev. Canon Soares, whioh will immediately precedoe the service for tbh ordination. The Holy Communion is altwayn administered on tie occasion of an ordination. Canon D'Aroy-Irvine is in attendance at Bishopthorpo an examining chap lain. Y.'.hL. .A.--The fruit and flower sbow in aid of this association will be opened in ths now hall in Oliffeord:.trent to-day. .Betwoon forty and fifty antrieo have boon received for thb different classes, irrespective of the non-competitive sahbibits. ¶'?he llorologal Cosusncil xeld a special meeting last night, to consider Mr. Christie's third and fourth progross reports, which were botht adopted. The former included a recommendation for thebs ap. pointment of a competent person to sachedule all the ratable city property, and draw out' a plan of bthe subdivisions, at a total cost of not more than £t100. Applications for this appointment are invited'by advertisement. The draft of special bill to validate tie collection of water- rates under theb present by laws was forwardod to the solicitor, to be pushed thlroidgli parliament as soon as possible. S-. s:viour'?.--The committee appointod to seele an amicable settloment of the cathedral ques tion wmereo tohave met last ovening to receive a reply from the cathedral council, but as a full meeting of the council cannot be obtained till after the holidayo a postponneent till the bsecond weekL in January was decided on. Deatructiveo bush-fires have lately occurred in several parts of the Riverina district. Robert Browning, poet and ddramatibt, whose death was r'sently announced, is to be buried in Westminslter Abbey. A recant cablogram states that there is a growing feeling in political oirsles in England that Sir Henry Parkles will succeed to his sohume of Australian federation. The public works committee on Tuesday nuani mously decided to recommend to tle Legislative Assembly thbo constructios of the proposed railway from Nyngan to Cobar. At a meeting of the supporters of Hr. Lakeman, ML.A. for Balranald, held at Hay on Saturday, he was presented with a chleque for £200 as a marie of the esteem in which he is hbold by his constituents. The postmaster-general stated on Tuesday that the person who tonok up the contract for advertising on the backle of postage.stamps having failed to pay the first deposit, the contract habs fallen through. 