'Aggy;' A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THIRTY YEARS AGO. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] The tale old Ned told me on Christmas Night, as a sort of explanation of his fixed belief that 'Murray's Waterhole' was haunted by what can only be described as a regular gaug of ghosts, amounted, I suppose, to something like this: I. GOING DOWN THE RANGE. BY FRANCIS ADAMS. All Murray's shy pretexts for loitering were only too obviously exhausted. Hadwin had fallen into something like a permanent silence, having no more to say on any preieutly conceivable topic, and, although Murray would have been quite content to sit there without a word and take his opportunities to look at ' Aggy' seated sewing on the bench iv the sunset, he recoguised that he had overdoue the thing. Theu, too, it wasVeally putting his mate's good nature to a severe test to send him along down the raugc with that big mob of horses, and only Billy the blackboy to help him keep them to gether. Murray had said, 'Qo on, Jack; I'll catch yon up in a iniuute.' The minute had grown to almost an hour, and he would have to ndo quickly, and at a risk, down the ' pinches' to catch them up lief ore they camped for the night at the Conviots* VVaterhole. All of which being borne in npou him now in this the more awkward and protracted of the late series of silences, he rose, remarking: ' Well. I must bo off! Goodnight, Mr. Had win, and thanks for your kindness.' ' Oh, that's nothiug,' said Hadwin, rising also. Murray came to Aggy. ' Good night, Miss Hadwin,' he said, holding out his hand. Once more he had the tremulous delight of meeting tho quiet, inscrutablo gaze of those wonderful, dark, lustrous, agate eyes, which seeiuod to look down into all his heart and soul and mind: of contemplating that full oval faco with its bronzy ruddy skin covered with a soft, glinting, golden down, under the marvellous shadow of the mass of dark re I hair. There was somethiug demoniac about the girl. The strange souse of peace and power which came from her inspired him with a wild wish to possess this perfect creature. It worked upon him like magic. • Good- night, Mr. Murray,' she said. He.longed but did not dare to press her hand, aud he had withdrawn his own before he was aware that she had pressed it. His horse was standing tied to the fence. He went straight out to him with his right hand closed, nud, undoing the reins with his left, mouuted with a quick effort, and rode off. The slab hut was on the extreme verge of the range, aud the track that led into the Convicts' road went straight down to the right. In twenty yards he was riding deep in the shade. He opened his right hand and rather furtively kissed it in the palm. He had not done that after he parted from her the first time, five months ago. When he reached the road he raised his head and looked up. The slab hut stood out in the broad stream of vivid light from acrosi the plain with a sort of looming prominence. Then he felt his heart and breath stop. Somewhat to the left of the hut was a dark figure with its face towards him. It was hers—it was Aggy's ! Here and there in the dense verdure, shafts and glints of light fell through the deeper gullies that cut into tho edge of the range. As far a? the eye could reach eastward was a billowy sea of murmurous tree-tops, bordered by large horizon clouds that looked like mouutaius, their loftiest peaks still radiantly white, their summits roseate, their bases tenderly shadowy. He thought he heard her voice, oho was moving iv a little open space along the edge of the rang*. The faint breeze from the west, flowing with the sunlight, carried the sound over his head, when it seemed to fall down and dissipate itself over the billowy tea of murmurous tree-tops. She was singing. lie strained his ears to catch the song, but could not. Ouly wafta and subtle echoes of her voice came to him. His horse went ou shuffling care fully down the loose earth of the second ' pinch,' as ho made a short cut across to the continuation, of the timbered road. He paid no heed, but con tinued gazing up and back at the dark figure moviug along the edge of the range. Then sud denly the stream of light was cut off. The sun had set on the far edge of the plain. She stood still again and looked down, but ha heard her voice no more, and then she turned and moved away, and was goue. It was like the swift arrival of death. He felt utterly alono, helpless and hopeless, riding down into tho night. Half an hour later he reached the foot of the range, and presently became aware of a new natural presence. It was the moon. She rose slowly ami majestically from behind the eastern earth-disc, rouud, goldeu in a gilded duotliko conflagration; the heavens all about her, deep, dark, steely blue ; not a cloud iv all their circling expanse; and one star shining through the gilded dust steadily following her up the sky. 11. IK TITE SLAB HOT. Autumn had passed into winter, dry, clear, and with ptcic'ng winds, and then the first breaths of spring swept over the tableland in great waves of warmth, drawing out the young ruddy leaves from the old and darker foliage, or covering tho bare-toughed European fruit-trees wita swarms of brilliant buds. Then came a sudden revulsion. A great wave of cold swept up late one Saturday afternoon, with astonishing rapidity, from the south-west, wheeling on itself and striking this part of the border of the rauge with a pitiless force. Iv a few hours the whole temperature was changed. The sun set rayless ana impotent in a sky brilliant iv colour and yet trausfused with a haze that ached the eye to look at it, and everywhere in the small township of Draytou and iv the scattered homesteads the women lit the fires and closed the doors. Aggy had tea by herself. Her father was away in the township, and she did not now expect him till 8 or 9, or eycu later. He had, she thought, stopped with his friends the Johuson*, or else at the Caseys', which was almost half way between. Draytou and here. She had washed up the things and was sitting by the slab table close to tho fire, sewing. The wind was rising quickly, and little draughts, entering through the rudely constructed amd warped window-frame behind her, made the candle flicker and bend down. She was not m neat or rapid sewer, losing herself too much in her thoughts, ondiu the fitful light she progressed but slowly and unsatisfactorily. All at once she heard a knock at the door, and, calling out 'Come in,' it opened and Tom Moore entered. Pushing it to behind him and latching it, ho stood looking at her and she returned his gaze. 'You didn't expect me to-night, Agsy'r' h*. said, stepping slowly towards her, and taking off his slouch hat. She let her hands lie on the work in her lap. ' No, 1 she said, *but lam glad you came. Sit down.' He drew a chair beside the fire and rat down in it, bending forward and leaning his elbows on his knees, ana turning his head towards her, with a peculiar aggressive side-motion of it and all his body, which she knew well. The light played on his swelling brows with the two strong lurrows that ran down between the big black eves and the broad straight uose. She had never felt before what a strong element of brutality there wss in him. They kept their eyes attentively fixed on on* another. Then she said: ' I wanted to tell yon, Tom, that I have quite made up my miud. That was why I sent the message.' He made no comment. She waited a moment before proceeding: 41 will not be engaged to you any longer. We must break it off.' He had answered her message by saying he would come over on Sunday morning. It was a week ago that she had asked him to release her. and, after a short outburst of long-suppressed fury, he had left her, and day followed day with out his making the least sign. Now an ungovern able impulse had driven him to her, but he found himself unable to utter a word. Her deep calm gaze was too much for him. At last iv one of his short breaths he broke out with: 4 Why ?' 11 have told you.' ' You don't love me ?' She shook her head gently. He rose and stretched out his arms, slivering with nervous strength, tightening his jaws, crushing his teeth in his effort after self mastery. 4 You should give a reason,' he said. 41 have given it.' He sat down ngain, and leant forward in his old attitude. 'Look here!' he said. 'Ag<ry, I courted you over a year before ycu agreed to be engaged. I've kept company with you two years this mid summer. You know what I've done. By Christmas I'd have the place up and could give you a home. And now you break it off !' 'Tom,' she said, 'we went through all this that afternoon. I told you how sorry I was. I am very sorry. I thought about it all before I spoke to yon. It cost me a lot to make up my mind. But I am quite sure— quite litre— that it will be best. I can't marry you. It would be dreadful. I don't love you. It was a mistake for us to have got engaged. What would it be for us to get married?' 4 Why didn't you think so before ?' 41 didn't think. That was just it. That was what I ought to have done, and that is what makes me so sorry—to have given you pain, Tom. I ought to have thought.' There was a long silence. Then he rose, and, staring at her fixedly, said in a low voice : 41 will tell you what it is. It's this: There's somebody else.' She did not turn aside her eyes or flinch, but her cheeks lost their colour. 4 There is !' he went on ; ' there's somobody else; You iove somebody else. You can't deny it.' 41 don't,' she said. He almost loßt his balance, as if he had been struck full iv the face. He clenched bis hands and recovered himself. ' Who is it 'r' he asked hoarsely. 41 will not tell you.' • I'll drag it out of you.' Her eyes gave him the lie. He swung up both his fists as if to crush her. She rose slowly. Their faces were not a foot apart. She could feel his breath coming in violent little gusts through bjj spreading conYuMve BostftU. • Tom,' she said, •it is true. That is the way I understood. I did not know what marrying meant When I began to get in love, I struggled against it. I did all I could; but I could not prevent myself. Then I saw that I could not marry you. Death is nothing to marrying a man you don't love when there is a man you do love. Can't you see that, Tom ? It would have been dreadful. It could only end in * • • •' She did not finish her sentence. He wheeled round and went with stiff strides to the door, and then turned and came back. Something had caught her quick ear; she was looking aside. . ' Hush,' she said. «Here's father." *'■ In a pause in the surf-like sound of the wind in the trees and its pressure on the side of the house, they both heard horse-hoofs. There was more than one rider. She went to the door, and opened it a little. . Her father's voice hailed her. '*AU right!' he called. ♦We'll be in in a minute!' She closed tho door and returned to her seat, where sho took up her sowing, and began on it again. Moore moved restlessly about, and at last came to a halt beside her. A bench ran along in front of the slab table, and he let himself fall onto it. 1 Will you tell me his name ?' he asked in a low Toice that was gentle and even timid. She shook her head. ♦Why not?'he asked. •I couldn't. Perhaps he doesn't love me. Perhaps I may never marry him. I know nothing about him. I only know I will never marry anyone else. Let us speak no more about it, Tom, Without you will be my friend.' ♦ Your friend S" he echoed as the door opened. ' They both turned. 'T Hauwin was ushering in somo one beforo him. • Here's Mr. Murray, Aggv,' he said. Murray entered with Ms face raised, taking off his slouch hat and coming forward eagerly. He had the look of one of those quiet and silent men who an a standing moral to those who know them' for their serenity and self-possession, but who occasionally atnazo people by an outbreak of uervons passion almost hysteric in its intensity. The serenity and self-possession still remained with him now, but on his face a wonderful radiance played, transforming even tho very line* of his features. The sum of his toil was complete. He had ridden away from Brisbano on his road to Drayton with the consciousness that he could now go to the woman he loved—to this peerless girl. Bis perfect darling, and the divine woman of his dreams —her whom he had met for tho first of those three momentous times more than a year ago—and telt her his secret, and, it might bo, persuade her to go away with him to the home he oould scarcely think of as hers and his. He walked towards her without seeing anything but her face. Then he was before her and their hands met. The rest was for some time nothing but confusion to them both. It was all like the shifting phases of a dream which one forgets as quicklyasoneseesit.andcannotiecallitafterwards. He felt a dark and troubling element in it; that was all; something like the first black outposting cloud of one of the sudden rain-storms that come up in great, dense, inky columns over the edge of the range soino cloudless summer afternoon. Hadwin had had no tea, nor yet had Murray; to Aggy was soon moving about in her quick eliding way, setting the table aud putting on the kettle. Then, as the two men sat down to their meal, Moore, who had been talking with Hadwin, got no to go. Tho other tried to persuade him to stay, but he was resolute. Aggy was bending over the lire. t Moore came to her, saying: * Well, good night, A#gy. I'm going.* Bhe turned to him. bho was on the far side of the big open firoplace, and he put himself between her and the others, almost screening hor off. Their faces were quite close again. He held out his hand, aud she put hers into it. * Good night,' he said aloud, frowning at her, his great swelling brows up in the shadow looking like a threatening thunder-clap. His eyes from the two black depths of their deep Rockets glowed as he devoured her with them, seeking to look down into every corner of her soul. Then he added undor bis breath, in a low yet, to her, most distinct whisper: ♦ If you marry that , I'll throttle you.' Her eyes met his uuquailingly. She did not fear him. He turned, loosening her hand which he had crushed with cruel unconscious brutality, and he went to the door, nodding to Hadwin and repeat ing his good night. Murray involuntarily followed his movements, and theu bent his gaze slowly back to Aggy She was standing a little forward, full in the firelight. She was looking before her thoughtfully, with an expression of inscrutability that was almost sinister. It frightened him. A flush like faint blood-colour made the bronzy ruddy skin of her face and neck and hands, covered with the soft, glinting, golden down, shine and shimmer like a metal. Her dark red hair seemed molteu, the shadow of it vaguely illuminated, and tho dark lustrous slaty hue of the eyes was glimmered over with pink. A weird feeling came over her lover as he watched her. She seemed a sort of statue, an idol, standing there raised aloft above a flaming sacrifice where the air was red with fire and the earth red with blood, •What's the matter?'cried out Hadwin, who was frightened also by a sudden memory of his dead wifo erect boforo the fire in their English home that winter night when the poison took her. »What is it, Aggy r' She looked up quickly, shaking her head and smiling: ' Nothing, father,' she said. :< Then turning to the fire she added: • • All right. The kettle's boiling,' and lifting it Tip she stepped with it to the table, the steam rush ing from the nozzle, and poured a hissing spout of the water into the open teapot. * "iuT THE LOVE NE3T. The Murrays went back on the Downs a hundred miles, to the humpy in tho middle of the selection which Murray had taken up. Ho had gone with his brother-Andrew more than a month before, and they had put up the hut between them. Then he and Aggy were married in Drayton, and, getting on to a couplo of horses, rode away to their new home. There were only two rooms in it, divided by a low partition, but they were large and lofty, Murray having ideas of his own on the subject of houso construction. Twenty yards off were three waterholes, the last and deepest of which was permanent. Aggy had quite a craving for water and tall trees. A creek was her delight a zLtac her. dream. ' In flood time she would go out and sit by the creek for houri, watching the water and singing, and, even when it dwindled away io a small stream and at last the merest thread of water, she haunted it each day, loving to lie on her back on some shady part of the bank and watch the tree-tops in the blue, all the leaves bending one way in bunches like tassels in tho breeze. The waterholes by her new home were a pleasure to her at once. They were nicer than any on the top of the range that she knew. They were almost as nice as her two favourites at the bottom of one of the ♦pinches.' There was always the sound of birds there beautiful pigeons, parrots of all sorts, with scrub aud plaiu turkeys, butcher-birds, magpies, laughing-jackasses, wild ducks, jays, cockatoos (black cockatoos in tho winter, migrating there from tho blue Bunya mountains that skirted the north), ruiuas, leatherheads—all her old frionds, and some new ones, came thero to water in the dry seasons. ' Dick, though he did not share her strong attachment to big trees, yet readily let her pre serve two or three of them quite d 039 to the house, only remarking that some day one of them would get blown down and crush them to death in their beds. They were completely happy. The married lovers who have no quarrels in tho adjustment of two personalities in a common life are the darlings of the gods, but this heaveuly favour is still, indeed, granted to certain of the sons and daughters of men and women. Both his nature and hers were eminently gentle, quiet, and reflective. They entered the charmed realms of passion with young- eyed faith, and, having plenty of work to do and only tho perfect purity of ignorant healthy intuitions to guide them, escaped satiety and disgust, just as they had escaped disillusion incut aud dismay. Their love grow fonder and intensor as the ideal grew into the real, and the real was fouud to possess so much that had never even been dreamed of. Alone there in the woods their baby girl was born, and called, at his repeated and urgent plea, by her mother's name of Agnes. Their nearest neighbour was fourteen miles off, and it was fifty to the Stockman's Friend, the little bush inn on the line of the mail coach into Drayton, where tho township of Hamilton was beginning in a few humpies and shops. Murray and she weut thero from time to time, or else he by himself, to buy what they wanted, or got what hod been left there for him by the coach or some bullook-team coming up from Brisbane. They were both of them by nature solitary, and had no desire to see anyone else. She helped him in his work, and then her father came to stay with them for some months, and the two men grew to know one another better over thoir common affections and occupations. The baby was strong and healthy, though tran quil and apparently thoughtful, and without all that fatness of cheok and vacuous blueness of eye which is supposed to portend the robustness of futurity. Sometimes it was quite like a small edition of the mother—the same look of the eye and catch of tho brow, and over the oval, smooth, little skull the red hair showed already like a rof t, dark, golden down. Hadwin prepared to loave them with tender regret. He had once more refused to come and live with them for good, not believing, he said, in the presence of fathers-in-law or mothers-in-law in young homes; and then, he added, they'd no where to put him. Whereon Murray declared he would add another ropra in tho neat month, and again joined with his wifo iv persuading the old man to come. He only nodded his head, looking in front of him with the faint humorous smile on his lips and in hi 3 eyes. ' Ay, ay,' he said. ' Some people were too proud to take a home from other people, but must needs make one for theirselves, and now they want the old rat to leave his old hole and fix up in a now one.' It ended in a compromise. The young couple should come and stay with him in a few months when baby was weaned, and then they would talk it over, and decide. Hadwiu had to catch the mail coach at Hamil ton late in the afternoon, and, as he did not know the country, Murray rode with him, calculating to be back next morning with some things Aggy wanted from the township. The two men turued back several times to look at her standing loaning at the door in the sun light, and when they entered the track and Murray turned for his last glimpse of her, he had a deep longing to go back ana take her in his arms and kiss ncr, and never leave her. But that was always how he felt. He could not go away from the house to his work of clearing, chopping down, and burniug the dry and fallen trunks, or gathering them together for the chop-a-block fences, without making quite a little parting of it, constantly looking back for another sight of her, and her appearance on his return was an unfailing pleasure and delight to them both. Of late, indeed evor since the Murrays had been there, the blacks had been very quiet, attacking or disturbing no one that he beard of, but the first time he had left her alone, when she could no longer ride with him into Hamilton, he had suffered terrible disquietude Only once had they caught sight of a black, a young gin whom she found one morning at the waterhole, scraping up mud from the bottom to put into a great gash in her shoulder, probably a token of her lover's somewhat too demonstrative affection. The girl was frightened and hostile at first, but Aggy had won on her, and at last they came back together to the house and she was given some * damper' and 6alt meat, standing in the doorway with big, rolling, apprehensive eye*, and refusing to enter. Tho sight of the baby, however, lying naked and asleep ou tho bed, attracted her, and she pointed at it, drawing a pitiful face, and with uncouth words and gestures made Aggy under stand that she, too, had had a baby ana that it was dead. Then Bhe went her way, aud neither of the other two thought much of her again. Coming back into the house now, as the two men disappeared down the traok, and finding that the baby, impatient of the heat, had kicked off the sheet end, which alone covered it, and lay in its favourite attitude, one little arm flung back rouud the head and the little bare limbs crossed, she recalled the gin and her pathetic dumb-play, and it saddened her. Aggy rarely Bang about the house. She had the instruct of order and cleanliness in her home, but it was the open air sho loved and wherein sho was glad. She was always, out, lying on the grass under the trees, when} sho could be there without neglecting her work," and then she would often sing softly to herself by the hour. All that afternoon she sat undor her favourite 'apple tree' by the waterholo with tho baby asleep beside her, sewing a little, reading a little, and thinking and dreaming much. , She never tired of watching the tree-tops in the lunset; seeing the line of shadow steal up higher and higher till oue rustling or basking bough was in the light, then only a twig or a lew leaves, and then all was dark. That saddened her; and yet she would always watch it and stay looking and thinking of it afterwards. It was quite dusk when she rov> and picked up tho baby and her books and sowing, and walked slowly along the track aud over tho clearing, and through the garden beds into the house. She lit the fire, and wout round to the old red ship tank and filled her water pail, and the kettle from the pail, and put it on to mako tho tea. Aad then it struck her that her other water pail was empty—that which held the water for washing. Sho took it up and set off with it to the waterholo again, some birds that were drinking at it flying of! with startled cries as she euterod the track. Sho thought of this vaguely, wondering at it, going along between the bushes and trees. Sho bent and dipped aud filled her pail, and turned back. A sound—a movement —a rustling boside her caught her attention. Sho stoppod at ouce and looked round, but, seeing aud heaiiug nothing, passed on again. Just as sho was ap proaching the clearing she thought she heard a step moving behind her. Ouce more sho stopped. The next instant there was a rush, and she felt herself seized with two powerful gripping hands by the back of the nock and the throat, and her eyes, Btarting wildly, lookod into eyes that glowered into hers with a ferocious hate. IV. * TBB HUSBAND'S HOJCB-COMXXG. Nothing in particular had been troubling him, but he had slept badly, aud so, whou he awoke for the third time, and refheted that his horse was fairly fresh, he resolved to ride on. It was still several hours from dawn. From her post high up in the arch of the skies, however, the moon had already glimpsed the surging sun, and lost her radiancy, wrapped round in a scarf of thin fleocy clouds. The laughing jackass, tho latest to bod and one of the earliest of the risers, still slopt. But the vague restlewuess of the approach of light was upon bird and beast, and every now and theu there came th*e indistinct troubled note of one of them still dreaming or drowsy. It would be a surpriso to her to be awakened by him. He would steal in quietly and look at her, lying asleep in bed with the baby cuddled close to her, and wake her with soft kisses— unless she had locked the door! He always felt tremulous when ha thought of her like this. He novor could got over the idea that he should some day lose her. He did not look upon her as likely to die. That was not it. Somebody would try to take her from him—to steal her away. He had a great jealousy for her. Like a mau with a uniquo jewel, ho feared to let anyone see it, dreading that sooner or l&te;* fatality would somehow rob him of it. Sho was quite different to any other woman, aud it seemed that even old Hadwin had noticed tho same thing of both her and her mother. Her mother had died in the strangest way in Eugland —poisoned by arsenic a few years after the birth of Aggy. No one had ever found out how the arsenic was given, and'Hadwin had not the least suspicion of any particular person. Musray could never think of tho horror that camo ovor him as the old man one night told him tho story without breaking out again into a cold sweat. The strange, hushed, crepular feeling of the hour that procedes the dawn was upon him now as he rodo, and ho begau to got quite nervous. His fear ended with communicating itself to his horse, who presently shied, and, swerving from sido to sido, rof used to advance. It was one of those groups of grass t'rce3 which occur in the scrub, looking like an arboreal family of abori gines, impoteutly hostile. The struggle with his horse, and the coaxing of him up to the trees, acted' on Murray like a spiritual tonic. Ho became warm aud even ex hilarated, and, as the skies grew rapidly lighter and the notes of the birds rang out into au inter rmitteut chorus, he raised his voice and sang. Then he felt the suu come up. He could not see it yet through the trees on his right, but ho knew it nad risen from the change from silver into gold of the radiance on the highest tree-tops. In another half hour he would be at home. Then he noticed some smoke risiug in front of him. At first this did not disturb him, but, when he thought about it, he becamo afraid and anxious. It was too largo for her firo, which, too, sho would scarcely have lit yet. Rain had fallen only three days ago; so it was not likoly to be a bush fire. He rode on quickly, reassuring himself as he best could, till he struck into ono of the home tracks. The sun was up now, visible by glimpses through the tracery of the boughs, but the scrub was too deu3o for him to sco anything till he broke impetuously into tho clearing. Then iv an instant he knew that the hut had vanished. There was nothing there but a gray smoking ruin with one or two black charrod up rights. The ground was littered with felled trees, but he dng his heels into his horse and lashed him furiously with the whip, riding over it quite reck lessly. The slipruil was open and the fence ap parently unbroken, and he swept through and up to the old red ship-tank that had fallen off its supports and lay on its side in a soft bed of dry pasted ashes. His devouring gaze examined it all in the moment iv which he flung himsolf on to the ground. Nothiug! nothing! nothing! All gone ! He strode in among the smoking and smoulder ing ma 39, groping with his feet and bauds, heed less, unconscious of the burns. Then, with a hoarse gaspiug cry, he began to stalk round, casting his eyes everywhere for somotraco, somo sign. Nothing! nothing! nothing! AU gone! all gone! Suddenly he caught sfoht of a footprint on an piece of soft earth at tho cud of one of tho garden beds. It was tho mark* of a uaked foot. He stood stock still and sUrcd at it. The whole thing was clear. The blacks had rushed the place just boforo daybroak in their usual way. , And she ? and the baby ? He started away again, stalking about as before, vehement, with teeth clenched and glaring eyes, like a bloodhound after tho trail, breathing such short sharp breaths that they sounded like the noise of a saw driven through dry wood. .„-, Then all at onco ho found her. She was lyiug a few yards up the track that led to the waterhole. Sho was flat on her back, her arms extended, taring up into the blue aud vacuous heavens—dead. The face was distorted, the eyes protrudant, the mouth half open, with a paralysed look, the lips drawn back as if in a desperate effort for breath. The water from the overturned bucket had flowed round her middle, leaving the dark I earth darker still. ,Her dress was torn open at the throat, whose fulUand marble roundness was wreuched and discoloured. She had beon strangled. He knelt down beside her, utterly without realisation of what had happened. For all the outrage dove to it by brutal murderous death, hee glorious beauty was still triumphant. The won derful dark lustrous agate eyes—the full oral face with its bronzy ruddy skin covered with the soft, glinting, golden down—the marvellous shadow of the massy dark-red hair—it was still she. Death had robbed her of breath, but, m yet, of no more. He never thought about the child. He sat there, holding her head in his lap, gazing into her face, unconscious of everything else. It was hours before he knew that she was dead The sun beat down upon him for loug, and did not yet awaken him to the realities of things. Then he slowly became a new mau. A ruthless insane lust for vengeance possessed and trans formed him. He put her head down gently onto tho ground, and rose with terrible imprecations, waving his hands, brandishing his arms, and at lost howliuor aloud. He called all men and all things to witness! He cried up to the blazing dazzling suu to shino on and help him in his ex termination of this black aud accursed race! Let tho rustling trees hear him! They should listen to other gasps and crio3 besido those they, had listened to a few hours ago! Tho ideas rushed more aud more rapidly through his braiu, throbbing and beating like great whoels. At last, unable to articulate, uuable to shake off the mad paralysis of his arms and limbs, ha stood there, shrieking with shrill unearthly laughter, exulting in his vision of tho curse he would work out. Ho never thought about the child. Ho could' only fix his mind on tho one idea of vengeanca ou tho man—on the wholo race—that hud robbed him of his pearl beyond all price, his peerless and unique jewel. Then all at once he stopped and stood still, listeniug iutently. He thought he heard her voice. It was her spirit calling him. He straiued his ears to catch tho song, but could not. Only wafts and subtle echoes of her voice came to him. Then suddenly the streanvof light was out off. His brain reeled, his sight darkonod. He turned round and round, and fell outo hu knees, dizzy, bewildered. With a supreme effort he gathered himself to« gether and reached her, gazing strenuously, though his head twitched convulsively, into hoi 4 Aggy,' he whispered, ' Aagy—speak I* And then again: ' Aggy, Aggy- speak!' But thoso fixed eyos, with their proud cour ageous anguish—those tortured lips that bad uttered no cry of appeal or fear, could uever look or speak to him again. Circling her head with his hauds, as if it rert the deareit and most precious thing on earth, he swayed and fell boside her, his cheek falling and resting on her breast. 