THis Nev. Year's Eve, that'will usher us into the New Year's Day of 1890 to- moiTow, is an epoch of more than usual signiificance and importance, inasmuch :.as it is a centenary of pro found interest to, the whole civilised wivrld.?i As :Time' evolved over the midnightfihour,.on the 31st December 1789, the world tas ushered into the last decade of the Eighteenth Cen tury; and as Time will evolve over the midnight hour, to-night, we shall be ushered into-the last decade of the Nineteenth Century of the Christian era." The time is not yet ripe for a history of the great scientific, social, and national events and affairs of the waning century, and if it were, a book swould be needed for that history, and several supplements, for a review of it. The final decade seems to be maniifstly pregnant with issues and events of more world-wide interest, 1arid more enduring importance to the human race thani those of any previous decade of. the century, or perhaps. of the whole of them together. For the general aspect, from a biid's-eye point of view, of home-and European politics and diplomacy, and the threatening state of armed neutrality. and watchful expectancy in which the leading powers are jbalously eyeing one another-like so many wild beasts waiting for a.time and vantage ground of attack upon their prey would seem to justify no other in ference or - conclusion .than that; within this final decade are bound to be enacted international wars of terrible malignity, and of unprece dented fatality from the. use of modern arms of increased power, precision, and range, which will be brought into play. It has been vaticinated, by competenit authorities, that in these inevitable'great wars of the near future,.waged a la entrance as they will be, several of the smaller 'powers will be absorbed into and adopted by the larger powers, and that some of the Great .Powers engaged may be even annihilated to extinctions as such. Recent cable grams, regarding the international relations and intentions of the Great Powers, have been remarkable for unanimity of pacific utterances. But of what avail are such assurances, ulhelther made by Sovereigns, their Ministers, diplomats, or politicians ? History tells how similar assurances have been given, in past times, up to the very eve of the outbreak of great wars, and that too from the thrones, or Governments, of the powers impli cated in such wars. Those assurances of peace are, just now, more that ever previously, valueless, or rather suspi cious to the extent of menace of proximate. hostilities, when viewed in connection with the immense armaments, military and naval, now maintained, and being increased, by the Great Powers most likely to be concerned in the initiation of a European war. Apart from, but nevertheless in relation ipith, the minatory attitude and movements of the Great Powers of Europe, must be taken into account also the doings of two other powers as different from each other as they are .ffom those of Europe, viz-the United States and China. As we learn, by recent cablegrams, a considerable amount of increased activity is being displayed in the drill, equipment, and means essential for placing the United States navy upon a footing of improved efficiency and effectiveness to what it has hitherto occupied. In the so munih despised and ridiculed pagan Empire of China, a similar activity has prevailed for some years past, and tb a greater extent, in equipping and, endering effective both the army and pro avy of China until now, in the int pinion of authoritative experts, both pat rariches of the services are so.well Co urnished with arms, vessels, and enc ppliances, of the latest improved He nodern construction, and so well Vi lisciplined in modern drill and Tb actics as to place China, if not in the Dc ank of the Great Powers, at all Pa vents" in a position not .very far pr Bebind some of them, a position no in onger to be despised, and one which de nay yet render her Mongolian th iordes ri thorn to the United an itatesEiand a menace to Australia, th nasmuch as it must be remembered we ;hat the Chinese Government and to people "have a crow to pick "with us ist and our American cousins on account TI >f some little rudeness shown to the fr Dhinese both in America.and Aus- th bralia. The warlike activity and at preparations have also extended even th to these Australian colonies, showing fr how nations an'd communities are by lominated by instinct like the whole at animal creation, down to colonies of pi ants. "The magnetism which all la original action exercises is explained at when we enquire the reason of self- tt trust?" Says EaMIERsox, "Who is G the Trustee ? What is the original al self, on which a universal reliance G may be grounded? What is that ye science.baffing star, without parallex, bi without calculable limits, which tI shoots a ray of beauty into trivial and Y impure actions, if the least mark of is independence appear? The inquiry b leads its to that source, at once the fe science of genesis, of virtue, and of P life which we call Spontaneity or- In- it stinct. We denote this premier wis- a dom as Intuition," &c.; Not in vain sl has the instinct of intuition been given a to mankind and the whole animal r kingdom. And the spontaneous a exercise.of that instinct just now, by t so many, and various countries remote r from each other, may be safely con- t strued as an oracle of "Premier Wis- p dom," which declares the near advent i of great wars, that will assuredly break out in this final decade of the Nineteenth Century.. Of what avail, against such a declaration, are the feint "assurances" of no war ? They ( are of like significance to that faint c "no" of feminity which always means a "yes." Coming from foreign to domestic prospects and possibilities of the New Year there is much in their industrial, commercial, business and social aspects and relations upon which to congratulate Victoria and Australia in general. So far as Polwarth is concerned, the predominant indica tions all point to a prosperous and "A Happy New Year !" We note that some of the other colonies, and in some towns and districts of this one, there are slight complaints of the "tightness" of the money markets, and " dullness " of trade or business. But the businesses and resources of this district of the colony generally are numerous and varied, and the energies and' resources of the people are vigorous and elastic, so that we are ever striving to make the best of ,things hs they are, instead of dolefully singing " hard times come again no more."- For we adopt as axioms and rules'of contract, the Hindoo inscrip tions on the Frieze of the Palace of Jeypore :-" What'er the work a man performs, the most effective aid to its cotmpletion, the most prolific source of success is energy without despon dency!" And, "the wise make failui.s equal to success !" No doubt soine people in this town and district may have had troubles to encounter, and difficulties requiring hard struggles to surmount, but judicious conduct, regulated upon a basis of those axioms, has pulled them through. . The semi-religious and holiday festival of Christmastide is the period for retrospection, and taking stock of the past. The whole holiday of New Year's Day inaugurates the time when the holiday is over, for "re marking," stock-taking- of. position and prospects, and such provision for present and future requirements as will best assure profitable business for :theNew Year. Colae has passed 'through its "young bear" stage that of "having its troubles to come 7inasniuch as all its worst troubles, tliose of pioneering the establishment of businesses .in a town without district environments of profitable industries to support them, and of pioneering industries in the district whete it w as difficult, and often im possible, to convey the produce to market, aie now over, or on the way to be got over. The agricultural and other resources of the district have been tested, and so proved as to have brought about a vast amount of increased and profitable settlement of late years. And although those resources are only as yet developed to a very limited extent of their capabilities, the only thing wanting to secure such needed and dqsirable development is-the promised railway extensions. Amongst the many agencies which must necessarily exercise a contribu tory operation ~towards a realisation of our seasonable wishes of " A Happy New Year," prominent place must be given to the almost entire uniformity of favorable meteorlogical conditions that have prevailed all over the Austr'alian continent for months past. Copious rains have everywhere re paired much of the mischief caused by the last drought. Whilst subse quent light rains and thunderstorms have kept the pastures moistened and the land tillable for agriculturists. "The wilderness has blossomed as the irose," and all Australia is " with verdue clad." The only drawback to all this is, that from the super abundance of grass everywhere, the danger of bush-fires in the summer may be increased. Thie combined recuperative effects of such splendid spring and summer seasons, in fosterinog prolific increases of. stock and crops, cannot fail to operate with a beneficial impetus to all kinds of business in the opening New Yeart an impetus in which this district, Victoria, and the sister colonies will all participate with reciprocal advan tages. The next important element, indicative of a prosperous and Happy New Year, is to be found in "The Advance in the Price of Wool," as detailed by our Melbourne corres pondent, in our issue of the 13th instant. "For if ethe present quota tions are. to be maintained-as there is some guarantee they will be-the increase means that this season's clips will be worth from two to three millions more than their value was estimated on the 3rd December." The distribution of such an" additional * . profit is: trnuy a circumstance of interest to all the Australian colonies P, participating in it. The prospect of b, Colac and this district are equally is encouraging and suggestive of "A s Happy New Year," with those of b; Victoria and the other colonies. of There is no fear of the Heon. J. L. n Dow and the other members of oa Parliament going back from. their a promises given at the Warrions picnic t in connection with our much n desiderated-Railway extensions. And P the action of the Heytesbury Forest and Irrewillipe Railway League, at their meeting on the 5th inst. was well calculated to keep Parliament in touch with the importance of the issues involved in such extensions. The completion of the branch line a from Moriac to " The Saddle," and that from Birregurra to Deans Marsh, are matters of a congratulation; and I the running of a line of coaches from Birregu ra to Apollo Bay, by Messrs. Gisney and Johnston, is I another of the indices of Polwarth l progress. Another of these indices of local progress, and of very significant and prominent one, is pourtrayed in the "Prospectus of the Colas Forest Gold Mining Co." (no liability), that appears in our advertising columns. Gold was found in small quantities years ago, inpartsof thelOtwayForest, but the mine now being opened up by this Company on their leasehold at Yaugher, onlyl3 miles south of 'Colac, is the first well-organised attempt that has been made to develop the auri ferous resoureds of this district. The Prospectus is launched with a list of influential and iesponsible gentlemen as Provisional Directors, and the shares are offered upon very reasonable and liberal terms to the public. The report of the Gold Mining Surveyor and Registrar, quoted in the Prospec tus, is certainly suggestive of rich returns and a complete realisation of the most sanguine expectations of the promoters. To wit, "The locality is in the line of the goldfields on the north, in the Ballarat fields, and pre sents more favorable indications than any I have seen in that district. Rough gold has been found." If Colac jumps, from the position it occupies as the premier agricultural district of the colony, into becoming the champion gold-producing district of Victoria, that will crown our and all other wishes" for a Happy New Year in 1890. )Vith these and many other substantial and material guaran tees that our wish will be realised, we greet our readers with the peren nial compliments of the season, in wishing them one and all "A HAIPY NEW YEAR!" 