E)je MI(illOe f f ee 1 Dess . PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY MORNING. E THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1889. 1 THUT Victoria's credit stands high in theIs world's money market is apparent from the price which the £3,000,000 loan realized last week. We learn from the cablegrams ' that the amount was more than doubly sub. scribed, six and a half millions having been offered-the average price received for the can £lin; £103 6s, the debentures being t1I subjec j-fd ei -mum,.. Writing on 'Although the loan has been oateii.7-- ? "very satisfactory price, the average realisedi "is not so large as was anticipated by many "experts. Sir Graham Berry, Agert-General " for Victoria, Mr W. Westgarth, and the. " manager of the London and Westminster " Bank, which is the bank of issue for the "loan, were all disappointed. They point. " out, however, that all colonial stocks, suf- "'fered depression on Monday, and they "state that this is to be accounted for by the. " fact that on that day reports and letters. "were received by the English. mail which, " revealed unexpected acuteness in the re " action which has followed upon the '-land: "boom' in Victoria. Some of the letters " received from generally reliable correspon- " dents stated that several failures of " prominent men were impending, and' that " affairs in the country had been altogether "unsettled. In addition to the bad: effect "caused by these letters, it is pointed out I "that the brokers to a large extent con " trolled the price realized. The smaller "investors were dependent on- the brokers " for advice. The bankers stated that the " principal reason why the loan. failed to "fully reach the price expected was the fact 1 "that if the predicted premium of 4 or 41 "per cent had been realized the brokers I" would have no margain" for future opera-. S"tions on a -? per- cent.. loan. There- had' " consequently been- a tacit conspiracy on: "the part of the brokers to depreciate- the. "loan. Hence- it was- that of. the total "amount subscribed,; the large- proportion of " £2,'21,000 was tendered for uniformly at "- £103: 2s;. or- £3 2s. over- the- minimum. "The. balancer consisted: of small: tenders " representing: various- sums. from, £O00.' to " £20,000. The-. brokers; are- jhiiiihut at \- secug -so-large a proportii of: the ' loan: at the price-stated; arid` are- confident " that they will be able to,e unlead?' at a "premium of 1 per cent. It is- generally " conceded that the Victorian Government "acted: unwisely in. fixing the minimum at "par.. It is held that a minimum of £102 " would have been. preferable, and: would " have given a stimulus to the- loan M. y " Westgarth- re-affirmed his previously ex a "pressedi opinion- as to the advantages that ,." would. have been gained if the: 3 per cent. "rate had been adopted; He states-that the if '- brokers, who exercise great. power, dislik-e "premium-stock as the-debentures. are diffi "cult to unload at a- profit. Discount stock d "is livelier for the-speculator and better for "the borrower. The bank. authorities dis "agree, however, and hold, that the adoption • of the 3.per- cent. rate would. have been "premature. They express- themselves as "being perfectly satisfied' with the result, in "the face of- the untimely- :reports received. " from Victori, and the- cohesion shown, by "the brokers." Judging from the above quotation it. appears, pretty evident that bhere are some in, our- midst- who took the trouble to- decry our credit in the home market-and evidently in- doing. this the truth: was.not adhered: to very rigidly. To us-then;. under- the- circumstances, it is a matter-of wonder that the loan- has proved evensso-successful as.it has done,. although. we should:not feel much surprise if it were hereafter- discovered; that those who were subscribing.for-the-loan had something to-do in endeavoring, to create a scare- as to the position of the- colony:. We- share- in the general satisfaction, which- must be felt that in the world's money market Victoria can yet command- the- best terms- that our 1credit should st-nd at the highest is only what may'be:expected. when.our position is thoroughly understood.-- why our railway property alone would. pay off the public sdebt.. AT the- -meeting. of. Kilmore . Agricultural Society on- Saturday afternoon the question of what is termed' "bush-fires" was brought J under consideration--Mx T. S. Lade initiat ing the discussion, and he-pointed out most Sof the damage done by fire to the farmers was :traceable to so-called sportsmen, who used. muzzle-loaders, and who were- otherwise careless as to the use of fire:. Messrs Griffin, Grough, M'Lean and Goodman ad dressed themselves to the subject, and it was eventually decided that the attention of the, .Chief Secretary should be called to the di' asters :which have occurred in this dist."ct this season with the view to fresh le"i..ution oh the subject of fire prevention if 'ossible, or rather the limiting of the caries which I lead to such disasters among f~rmers. We think it high time somethig?' was done to prevent the wanton and whojesale destruction Sof property by the class of sportsmen who, at Sholiday periods, infest the country districts - ·\\.: ?. m m u ? , nm?.?. - ---i----- . . . the people who use weapons calculated to create conflagrations, and who, worst of all, light fires and fail to exercise proper precau tion to prevent their spread. Some good may be expected by thus bringing the whole subject under notice, and we are of opinion, whilst it is not desirable to restrict the sportsmen but as little as possible, that every possible precaution should be taken to pre vent his doing much harm, which could and should be avoided. The discussion on the Smatter therefore should lead to good practical results, and we are pleased to see the intelli gent manner in which our local- Agricultural Society has dealt with such an important subject, Mr W. J. Lobb, J.P., at one time one of the re announced his candidature for Kilmore Dalhousie and Lancefield. In addition to Mr T. Hunt,. M.P., SMessrs W. H. Ellerker, J.P., and John Whitelaw, J.P., have announced themselves candidates, for Anglesey. Ar Ellerker was defeated at last g eneral election for Kilmore and Angl4esey,. and- 31r W Whitelaw was an unsuccessful candidate for same constituency in 1877. 1 Mr W. J. Wilkinson, solictor, a resident of East. o rke for years.-?nonces himself elsewhere as a tfor tr ;` y at. the, general d ii a e.rests in the assurances of suppor.. e may sti?v e . I Bourke, which always embraced: the territory north, il of %iallan. to-the big- hill,. now inclhdes, Daxraweit e guim and neighborhood.. We- understand: Mir Chas;. E: Wallder, J.P.,. r' President of the-Shire• of Seymour, is a: candidate o for- the. Shepparton and Eihroa constituency.. Mr Wal!der. who- Ts well-known in this district,. is a It. large, property-holder in the electorate named, and\ f his interests being identical with. the farming com- - munity lie seeks to- represent,. as well: as. being y liberalin politics,. he stands every chance of being. le very strongly supported.. We shall have much pleasure' in ra2eiving and rs. acknowledging, as-requested,. any subscriptions to h, augment the building fund for the Little- Sisters- of the poor-at Northcote. The Little Sisters distribute \- their- charity without regard to creed, class. or d: country-hence all may contribute something to so, worthy an object Mr. WVm. Eades, the very serious accident to n-- whom we have more than once referred to, was re of moved to his home at High Camp Plain on Tues day. We can only express the hope that he- will at soon recover. er The lingo- Buffalo Minstrels, a strong: company well spoken of by the press, will perform at the et Oddfellows' Hall,. Kilmoro. this (Thursday) evening. ut- and also to-morrow (Fiiday) night.- The charge for admission is moderate, 2s and Is, so that they may n-' expect bumper houses.. Mr Robertson's saw-mill at Strath Creek, formerly rs- owned by Mr Neill,. was burnt down on Saturday and much valuable-plant lost in the conflagration. he- This week we have received a complaint from an to.! old sub=criher at Broadlford about not having re ceived our issue-of 24th inst.. We regret complaints ct of this kind are rather frequent-the fault is not ours as the papers- are. regularly potted.. Perhaps - the post-office-folks would take the hint.. rs We are in a position- to' state- that there is no u- foundation in fact for tlie-statem:ent recently made ad by a local journal as to diphlitheria- having made its appearance at a certain hotelin .Kilmore. It is bad. on 1 enough having to make announcementsu of the kind he referred to, when correct--what object,. except in Sjury to the district,. can' be- served. by spreading. ;al foundationless reports of this kind we are at a. loss, of to understand.. In consequence of-remarks inour !eading co.lhmnas at last week: we are pleased to. learn that" a, puhlic: m. meeting was- heldjon Saturday- evening aitthe otli et of' the Mliers' Association;. Reediv Creek,. when at °rs resolution wss carried: that the Sandhurst Piospect. to- ingBoard lie written to asking Tfr, a diamnand-drilit to test the reefs in the localitytb the dhptli-ofl1000O at feet.. The member for the-district (tMr Hhnt! wav:as ;he also ordered to be written toasking his co-operatiun.. e -n r To n. I l'oyle will liold:a stock; sale at' Piooad'. ford on Monday next.. a The- Department of A'gricultitre ·ias, issued) the. ,l " Bulletins" a pamphlet intended 'to.supply anricul- 3nt tnrist,.&c-;, withl informatibn, of. interest- Copies: of the work-canm be. obtained' cratis on application? at. to the Secretar3 for'Agricultire:. s 02 There was, some' very- hot' weatlher ETst week,. altliough towards-the cndn it tempered down con d siderably. Sundayv'wasnice and cool;. the evening Sparticularly- so, and a-shiower of:' rain. fell about 9' p.m: On Monday the' wind blew pretty; strong from tho:soutli and some slight showers- fell during at the day,.but there was no rain of any consequence.. Tuesday also continued- to blow cool. at. W. H. L.. Mulligan was chiarged' at the Nhill! -he Folice Court a few days ago with hadiiig embezzled' the sum of £6 Ss 6d, andt committed for. trial at. Horsham- on 21st February.. Mr fohn Gavan Deffy, M.P.,. was amongst lhis. ck constituents at the Pjralcng Races yesterday. aud.i was~well received.. r 'essrs. Osbornand lTudson will hold' a' sale of is- household furniture and iffects, in- the insolvent on estat of -rs Dacomb, on We'dnesday next.. The Pyalong annual races were held yesterday. en Our Teport wvill appear next issue.. as By advertisement elewher Miss PettigruI an in nounces that she will re-open the Ladies' Day and Boarding.School, Kilmore,. on- Thursday, Feb. 7. ed The House-Stewanrd of the Kilmore Hbspital begs by toreport for the week :-Adnmitted 7 ; discharged,. 4.; died, 0'; remaining in. Hospitali 17 males.. Eicept that the banks and- puhlic offices were at clo-ed searcely anybody in- Kilmore observed. he- Saturdlky (Centennial day) as a holiday. Dalgetv and Co. (Ld.) announre elsewhere being ne buyersof grain, etc. Mr C. J, Osborn is local' he agent. o Messrs. Bradley and' Cirtain will, on the I3tth: February, sell at thIe Salisbury Buildings, Queen a street, Melbourne, the Darraweit Guim Hotel and!. 5ed acres of land.. The' property is owned by Mr: T-hos, Mahoncy.. The Rev. Dr. M'Donald, D.D, one of ths most re prominent Presbyterinan divines in the crlny, diedt i on Sunday last at South Melbourne, aged 69 years. re After a lecture of' about 20' minutes at the \Vice do toria Hall, Melbourne, on Sunday evening, Mr J. P,. he Peppercorn died immediately from apoplexy. A boy of 16(i, Fred. New, killed on Friday night. eI by a lift at the PIalace Hotel, Melbourne. at On Tlhursday night John Dnnstan committed In suicide at Lancefield by shooting himself. n i De.-A person cured of Deafness and noises in ur the head:of 23 years' standing by a Simple Remedy, ly will saend a description of it FIEE to any Person who \- applies t-o , nICOLSoN, 65 William Street, Mel is bourne.--[Advt.] .y Another bank robbery. This time the Commer- .ic cial Bank, Melbourne,. has been eased of about c £7,000, and an employee named Charles Rivers Alpress is wanted.. SThe majority obtained by Ger.ral Boulanger al amounted to no'less than Sl;550 votes. n The Shah of Persia is to .isit England in May,. t and apartments for him.n London have already \- been engaged. A police constabl, "as been murdered on his beat. at Gateshead by hutcher he once arrested, and whohas now kised bim for revenge. d. Jr Glatdslfe has received an address signed by e General lrrison (the President elect) and other s eminen Amerncans, expressing admiration at his. Sefforlvto secure Home Rule for Ireland. ir Glad- \- sto.e is at present indisposed. S Beware! all goods stamped with Dr. Jaeger's. se, likeness are guaranteed to be the genuine system, Sby. Dr. Janege's Normal Sanitary Wool System. t Company, I loyal Arcade, opposite Post Offices. n Melbourne. Please send for pamphlets and price lists..-[Advt] The RigidfScrutiny of Analytical Chemists dis 1 closes the ft that WoLE's Scrprs is arsolely e pure, and tle exper'ence of those who have taken it 0 as a medial agent demonstrates that it ie pre'emi. n nently adpted to the- eradication and prevention of disordtersif the stomach, bowels, liver, and urinary t apparatui It has, in additmoaza matchless flaroar, 