fSI Will. Tee Southporfc railway (Q.) was opened on the 21th ultimo. Tee Legislative Council has been further pro rogued until February 27. Heb Majesty's Theatre was has been sold to Mr. J. E. Kemp, on behalf of a company, for £55,000. A young man named Blair has committed suicide at Newcastle by taking a dose of 'rough on rats.' xee iiusEian wars nip in ayezaina nas sanea rrom Auckland for Cronstadt via South American ports. Mr. John Gill, of Moonbi, who at one time re presented the Tamworth electorate in Parliament, is dead. The foundation-stone of the Bowral Cottage Hospital will be laid by Lord Carrington on February 9. A lad named Henry Doherty, aged 13 years, has committed suicide by hanging at Jamberoo, near Kiama. While bathing in*Belmore Cutting, near Young, last Saturday, George John Spare, aged 18 years, was drowned. Tnn Governor of New Zealand will return to England in the R.M.S. Britannia, which will leave Sydney on March 30. TnE West Australian land company known as the Hampton Lauds Bailway Syndicate ha3 been registered in London. John Powell, a clerk in the employment of the A. U. S. N. Company, was on Monday committed for trial on a charge of forgery. James Gordon, who claims to have been the discoverer of the Gordon Goldfield, died on Monday at Bacchus Marsh (Vic.). TnE tender for the excavation of a ship channel and dock in the West Melbourne Swamp has been let to Mr. George Higgins at £60,555. A Masonic Hall at Young, the cost of which was about £1400, was dedicated and consecrated to Masonry last Saturday afternoon. An application made on Tuesday to llie Chief Judge in Equity for an order to wind up the Atlas Engineering Company was granted. Saturday last being Anniversary Day was celebrated in Sydney and throughout the colony in the usual manner as a general holiday. Tee Most Eev. the Primate inducted the Bev. W. Whitcombe to the charge of the parish of St. Alban, Five Bock, on Thursday evening, Jan. 24. Mn. JonN Gill, late member for Tamworth, and one of the oldest residents in the New England district, died at Bockvale, near Arinidale, on Sunday. Pkobate has been granted in the estate of tbe late Mr. Thomas Holt, the value of which in this colony was sworn at £296,410 Cs. lOd. Tee remainder of the awards in connection with llie Melbourne Exhibition are expected to be made within a week or ten days. TnE Bev. Father Cussen has been presented with a testimonial on leaving Gundagai for CrookwelL The Rev. Dr. Sellors has been nominated to the position of secretary of the Wesleyan Susteatation Fund. Tee body of a man, supposed to be that of a newspaper correspondent named Smith, has been found on the Winlon-road, Queensland. TnE Sydney Hebrew Philanthropic and Orphan Society during the year expended the sum of £1232 in relief, Ac. Since the outbreak of typhoid fever at Bal ranald, there have been 25 cases, two of which were fatal. Mn. Lyne says the present Government will carry the Payment of Members Bill through both Houses of Parliament, or they wiU know the reason why. The sixth span of the Hawkesbury Bridge has been successfully placed in position. There re mains but one other span to be fixed to complete the structure. TnE New South Wales National Regatta took place on the Sydney Harbour la-t Saturday, it forming one of the chief events in the celebration of Anniversary Day. The committee of the Adelaide Literary Society, last Saturday, presented an address to his Excellenc r Sir William llobinson, who for some years has been president of that body. O'Hanlon, the New South Wales wicketkeeper in the intercolonial match on Tuesday received a nasty blow from a ball, which cut his lip and necessitated the aid of a surgeon. It has been decided by the Wesleyan Conference that candidates for the ministry in that Church will in future have to obtain certificates from two of the conference medical referees. Copious rains have fallen in the Invercll district and Messrs. Rowland's woolwashing works have re sumed work after an enforced idleness of manv months, due to the want of water. The Queensland Government has in contempla tion the opening up of 23.000 acres of the reserves for settlement by which it is hoped that hundreds of families will be placed upon the land. Mb. D. M'Mcbtie, J. P., a very old Victorian colonist died at Carlton, last Saturday, at the ad vanced age of 80 years. The deceased gentleman leaves a widow after 52 years of married life. To test the question of underground water supply, the Queensland Government has decided to at once put down an artesian bore in the vicinity of Brisbane. Tee intercolonial cricket match between New Sonth Wales and Victoria was concluded on Wednes day. Victoria won by 12 runs. Each colony has now won 21 matches. Fboh Obley it is reported that a storm of wind, rain, and hail blew down large trees, stripped and broke fruit trees, and inflicted considerable damage to house property, some buildings being totaUy wrecked. During eight days ended on Monday 313 cases of typhoid were reported to the Melbourne Central Board of Health, of which 24 cases were fatal. During the same period 23 cases of diphtheria were reported, six being fatal. The Queensland Government has received from the pilot at Sweer's Island, Gulf of Carpentaria, a shell of the trunk of a mangrove tree, on which is marked ' Investigator, 1801,' and ' T. Devine, Beagle, 184L' One of the last semi-pubUc actions of the late Mr. Dalley waB to write to the secretary of the Free Trade Association regretting that indisposition would not permit him to preside at the annual meeting of the association. At a race meeting held at Moonee Valley on Tuesday an accident befeU two of the horses, one of which (Ada) had to be destroyed, and the two jockeys, Walter and Butler, were injured, and had to be carried off the course. The Premier has received a cable from the Agent-General intimating that Captain Church ward, of the Royal Engineers, has been appointed instructor of the New South Wa'es Artillery on tbe recommendation of the War Oifice. A cablegram: has been received from London, stating that tbe sale of the trial shipment of butter manufactured in the Victorian Government dairy has been eminently satisfactory. The amount realised was from 90s. to 120s. per cwt. The report of the Benevolent Society shows that there were 265 persons remaining in the asylum at the close of the past year, and that 1260 persons were treated during the year. Out-door relief was given to 5742 persons, at a cost of £4966. Ax thea mual meeting of the Australasian Wes leyan Missionary Society it was stated that in Fiji the Wesleyan communion had 900 churches, 27,000 members, and 100,000 adherent--. The income of the society during the past year amounted to £9944, During the past year 51 children were ad mitted to and 72 discharged from the Randwick Asylum, the daily average of children in the insti tution having been 252. Since the establishment of the asylum 4510 children have participated in its benefits. A special service was held in St, Andrew's Cathedral on Tuesday for the admission of a lay reader iu the diocese of Sydney. The annual meet ing of the Lay Readers' Association was subsequently held in the Chapter House under the presidency of the Primate. Early on Sunday morning the premises occupied by the Sydney Catering Company, situated at No, 175, Pitt-street, more popularly known a6 Gunsler's, wero completely gutted by fire. The damage is estimated at £6000, and the total amount of in surance is £9750. Tee residents at Cobar have decided to petition the Postmaster-General to give the present con tractor for the conveyance of mails between that place and Nyngan an increased subsidy to enable him to properly carry out the mail service, or cancel the contract altogether. The Forestry Department of South Australia has been asked if it can supply 500,000 railway sleepers for which the Egyptian Government has invited tenders. If the contract is obtained by South Australia it will provide work for 300 men for at least three years. During last year 624 deaths were reported to the city coroner, and inquests were held in 358 instances. In the remaining 266 cases inquests were dispensed with after full inquiries into the circumstances. During the same period 90 fires were reported, but an inquest was only held in one instance. The balance-sheet of the Albury Pastoral and Agricultural Society, submitted at the annual meeting held on Wednesday, shows a total expendi ture of £2436, leaving a debit balance of £7 90, which will, however, be converted into a credit balance of £21 when the Government subsidy is paid. The Hon. W. J. Lyne says that in spite of all that has been said against it, the Land Act of 1884 was a great improvement upon the law it repealed, and if properly administered, and with the few amendments he intended to bring forward, it would prove a great boon to the country in the future. A child aged three j-ears, named Florence Clarke, residing at Summer Hill, died on Sunday from the effects of in j uries caused by being acci dentally shot by her brother, a lad aged 14 years. The boy in discharging a gun thought he was shooting over the child's head; The charge lodged in the little one's chest. By the casting vote of the Mayor of Waratab, permission has been given to the Principal of the North Waratah Monastery to bury deceased members within the grounds of the monastery. The Northumberland Permanent Building Society has intimated an intention to prosecute if at any time a burial shall take place. The Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the question of tbe destruction of rabbits by the propagation of disease have completed their report, which will he submitted to the Minister for Lands. The report; which is of a very voluminous character, will probably bo laid on the table of the House as soon as Parliament meets. The third session of the Federal Council was opened in Hobart on Tuesday. Mr. Playford, of South Australia, was elected president. The con gratulations of the Council . were presented to the Governor of Tasmania, who iu reply reviewed the work accomplished by the Couucil, and spoke of the advantages likely to result from its labours. During the performance of ' Carmen ' by the Italian Opera Company at Sydney last Saturday night two of the principals left the stage, because of some difference with the conductor. An extra ordinary scene followed. Signor Simonsen an nounces that the want of unity among the per formers has compelled him to close the season. The 'Wesleyan Conference sitting in Melbourne has passed a resolution urging on the ministers and stewards of the Church the desirability of using non-intoxicating wine at the sacrament A report submitted to the same conference showed that the sum of £40,000 had been subscribed to the Jubilee Thanksgiving Fund. A meeting was held on Wednesday in the Protes tant Hall to protest against the excise tax on tobacco. A motion in accord with the object of ihe meeting was unanimously carried, and the meeting pledged itself to support, at the fortheomingjelectione. those candidates who are favourable to an equitable change in the tobacco tariff. A boiler exploded at Messrs. Green Brothers' flour mills, Avoca, on the 25th. The result was a complete wreckage of a portion of the building. Bricks were hurled to a distance of 200 yards, and considerable damage was caused. No one was injured, bat a few minutes before the exulosion Mr. Charles Green was working on the top of the boiler. A fire at Coonamble has caused the destruction of Mr. Hassard's Exchange Hotel and Mr. Her mann's store. The total damage is estimated at £5000. Fire has also destroyed Messrs. Cohen and Levy's store at Tamworth, the residence of a selec tor named Perry near Quirindi, and a whole block of buildings at Louth, including the Royal Hotel, Louth Stores, Cobb and Co.'s offices, and Wallace's 6addler*s shop. In Sydney during December the births of 268 children were registered, and in the suburbs 789. During the same period the deaths in the city numbered 195, and in the suburbs 392, there being a striking increase in the number of deaths from miasmatic disease. The number of births for the quarter was 3301, and the deaths 1625, which are 173 and 50 above the numbers registered during the corresponding period of 1887. We hear that the publication of the fine illus trated work on the transformation of the native butterflies and moths, of which three parts were published by the late Mr. A W. Scott, is to be con tinued by the trustees of the Australian Museum. The work of editing the valuable material which was left by Mr. Scott, and of revising the classifica tion and nomenclature of tho species, has been en trusted to his daughter, Mrs. Edward Forde, and Mr. Sidney OllLOfi Tee Premier has received from Mr. Fehon, one of the railway commissioners, a reply to the minute from the Cabinet calling for an explanation of the charges made by Mr. Want in the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Dibbs received the document a few hours before be left for Wagga, and ho only hurriedly glanced over its contents. As soon as he returns he will submit it to the Cabinet, and, should it be deemed advisable, it will then be pub lished. The annual general meeting of the Linnean Society of New South Wales was held in the Linnean Hall, Ithaca-road, Elizabeth Bay, on Wed nesday, when the president, Professor W. J. Stephens, MA, F.G.S., delivered an address. The office-bearers and council were elected for the ensuing year. Society of New South Wales has a roll of 174 members. During the year 11 members have died or withdrawn, while 15 new members have joined the society. The Railway Commissioners, finding that the Railway Department is overmanned, have initiated a scheme of retrenchment Last week some twenty clerks of the staff employed at tho Com missioners' office received notice that their services would not be any longer required ; but they were also informed that they would receive three mouths' salary. In addition to this sum they will be entitled to a small allowance from the Civil Service Fund. These dismissals represent a saving to tbe Department of £3300 per annum. Reductions in the number of employees in other branches of the Department will be made shortly. The Railway Commissioners have decided to make their central goods station, both for in and out goods, at Darling Harbour, and they have had the plans prepared with the view of proceeding with the work at once. There is just one difficulty, however, which has to be overcome, and that is caused by the constant opening and closing of the Pyrmont Bridge, but the Commissioners have ap plied to the Minister for Works, raising the ques tion whether he can make a bylaw providing for keeping the bridge closed for a certain timo daily in the morning and in the afternoon. As soon as this matter is settled the Commissioners will proceed to carry out their plan, which appears to offer every convenience for carriers. Delated by the smoke from bush-fires in the bay at Williamstown, and by thick weather along the coast, the Royal Mail steamer Orizaba, of the Orient line, did not get in until 7 a.m. on the 25th ult. The Orizaba had a well-filled passenger list, and the classification on the eteamer leaving Plymouth showed 110 saloon, 156 second saloon, and 396 third-cla6s passengers. The voyage, socially and otherwise* was of a pleasant character. The Bishop of Dunedin, Dr. Nevill, who has been in England taking part in the proceedings at the recent Lambeth Conference* has returned in tho Orizaba. Mr. Marnock, from Toole's Theatre, London, is a passenger, being under engagement to Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. Alderman John Young also arrived by the steamer. The casualties of the week in the metropolis in elude the following : — A dentist named Norman Bernard fell down some steps in a house at Surry Hills and died shortly after. A woman named Emily Matthews was burned to death through falling into the kitchen fire, whilst in a fit, at her residence in Redfera. A woman named Emma Jane Shepherd died suddenly at Redfcrn. A man named Charle3 Clark committed suicide near Penrith by cutting his throat. One of the most dreadful occurrences that have happened at sea on board a vessel bound to this port is recorded in tho report of tbe voyage of tbe American ship Southern Gross, from New York. The story, as narrated by the chief officer of the vessel, briefly is that on last Sunday morning the cook, a Chinaman, after barricading himself in the cookhouse, or galley, commenced to fire shots from a revolver at such of tho other members of the ship's company as attempted to force an entrance into the deckhouse. The captain and the chief officer arc reported to have endeavoured to induce the man to quietly allow the galley to be opened, but their remonstrances and entreaties were acknowledged, it is said, only by pistol shots flying through the windows and the walls of the house. Believing the man to be insane, and seeing no other way of securing him, they fired upon him, and after many shots put an end to his life. The theory of the chief officer is that the constant and excessive use of opium had unhinged the man's reason. The building on the deck of the ship within which the tragedy took place is, comparatively speaking, riddled with bullets. John Van Buren, the American lawyer, at one time generally known as 'Prince John,' had undertaken the representation of a certain cause before the courts, very much to the disgust of one of his friends. Having vainly expostulated with him, his friend lost his temper, and exclaimed, ' Van Buren, is there a case so low, so vile, that yon would decline te represent it?' ' 1 do not know,' replied the lawyer hesitatingly; and, putting his ear close to the lips of the inquirer, ne whis pered, ' What have you been doing P' 