I FIRES ARE CAUSED. ir^g to Careless Pebsoxs. j jf loftt magistrates were given ttio J,D_jty ; dealing with a few more casi"0 0 bKrafih' under their juris ^jcjt th olico Court on Monday by Mr j ,;r,of Albans, there iroald no doabt Ij^ i lees i jage by bush-fires to chronicle, priings to taken by Contablo Dow jt r tbol akwater, at the instance of ^yzier,! list five young men named j.Swain I. Munyard, John Duostao, y'm \Vc< lard, and John Powell, for ),> by tie narelessne9s oansed a serious jWtheat.Alljans estate on Sunday, j ri Decultr, The bench consisted of Mr n/P.M., ail Messrs Darsy, Aitehison, ' flrakia, l i.P. The prisoners, who ! mdofendet yleadod guilty, :f. Toohefsbtod that some of ttio Jsrs were nsihboiB of Mr Crozier, who Jenserjrnentf/ lot desirous of pressing Iiigh peunlb jt> bo indicted on them, ill bronghtltae defendants before the I with tb| viev of making the case jplary, and roud be quite satisfied if ilagiatratea ifitesd a nominal fine, r Crozier was eSnined at aome length >10 bench, lie [s>ted that he allowed lefendauts toent ono of his ptddocks ho 23rd ult., nndhortlv after they went tho property a ls>8 tiro broke out and h dilficulty was experienced in ex uishiug it. [: r Ueroo—tl'hat ttnage was oansed? he witness—A lo of fenoing was do loyoil, and also a gthtlty of feed —seed; bedit ia very valuable' ■ [his timo of the tbi^r. . _A . ' • Mr Aitcbtson—Did » defendants assist '• ;u in patting out ther01 The witnesa—No : Vi did not get the Msast help from them._ £nd x felt muoh itiunoycd at that. I dhi0t like to iuatituto a ibis prosecution, but;Ijnd that unless I take some suoh steps I »y have to again encounter similar and phapa more serious 'loss. ! i Mr Heron—I strongljdvise you, both In my official oapacity andi an old ooloniat, to tako the most severe seasures at your disposal in eases of the nd. It would bs impossible to gauge he damage that such fires might caueijf not ohecked In time. . The witness—I think tie young fallows don't know right fromw5g— Mr Horon—Don't you iiave that. You may bo sure that where treasures of aueh persons are conoernad hey bavo little thought for anything else, The witnoss—If they hi helped mo to pat oat the fire I might n have takca any action iu the matter. In e next paddock were several valaahle mar and if the fire had spread much mora.thift did my loss would have been mnch-grior. Mr Heron—You would,ye been doing vory wrong by allowit the matter to pass. 1 In reply to the bench, tldefendants said that they ware not sure sbj how the fire was caused. ; Mr Heron aaid that a iximum penalty of £100, or in default sixinths' imprison ment, was provided for th'arolosa use of fire. Heavy fines won probably have been imposed in tbo preseiigggg but for the kindly and good-natni interposition of the prosecutor. Witlill due respect to Mr Crozier ho (Mil' 'Ion) considered that that gentleman had'ad in a foolishly goodanatured manner ijxorection with tho cases. He did not kno'what were the opinions of the other migiktei,bat for his own part ho thought tb^ersons like the defendants, who went abptegardlesa of the damage thoy caused, shoube Bont to gaol for Bix months, ' After some consul tatio the\beuoh an* nouueed that, while infiuetd by tho lenient bearing of the proseoutonhey oould not wholly ovorlook tho enor'm of the offenoe, and had accordingly agri to fine oaoh of the defendants £5, withe alteruativo of a month's imprisonment,' '' 