Cb? «§>î?ïmc_? ártorning 5.eraßj. SATUÜDAT, JAKVAÎIT 20, 1889. -qi FIVE non-commissioned officers of tho Royal Engineers are coming from England to attend to the submarine mines in the various harbours of Now ¡south Wales. TnE official journal of the German Government states that no treaties exist between Germany and America with refeieaco. to the independence of Samoa, BATES, the English cricketer, is reported to haye attomptcd to commit suicide. THE. «um of only £10 000 was tendered for the Orango loan of £25,000, and the loan bia in conse- quence been taken off tha London market. THE South African Australian Mining Invest- ment Syndicate, with a capital of £21,000, has boen regi'-teied in London. Tire Canadian authorities Lavo suspended the issue of licenses to American fishermen, thus re- fusing thora permission to ply their avocation in the Dominion waters. TnE British Ambassador at Paris has informed M. Goblat that England has taken no steps to annex tho island of Tubui. THE King of Holland, whose life has boen daspaired of for somo time, is now reported to be sinking. ?> IN America it is thought that the vote of half a million dollars, to piotect American interests in Samoa, as recommended by tho fore gn relations committee of the United States Congress, will bo agreed to. It is reported that some pareora of influence ure urging the Amorioan Government to embark in a war in defence of tho nation's rights. TnE trial of O'Brien, the Irish, agitator, on a chalga of tonspiracy, has led to a serious conflict between the police and the people. To pro-vent the court being rushed, the police used their bayonets, and in the affray wounded 27 persons, Mr. Healy baying a narrow o=cspe of being stabbed. Owing to tbe disorder the court was cleared, and in the contusion O'Brien escaped. The crowd, to prevent O'Brien'B re-arrest, stoned the police. The fighting between the police and the people continued (or boura. A BOILER exploded at Mesar-". Green Brothers' flour mills, Avoca, yesterday. The result was a complete wreckage of a portion of the building. Bricks were hurled to a distance of 200 yards, and considerable damage was caused. No one was injured, but a few minutes before the explosion Mr. Charles Green was working on the top of the boiler. A CABLEaiUM has been received from London, stating that the sale of tbe trial sbipmont of butter manufactured in tho Viotorian Government dairy bas been eminently satisfactory. The amount realised was from 90B. to 120a. per cwt. THE Eistcddfodd is being celebrated by the Welsh residents of tho Newcastle district In connection with yesterday's proceedings, an address was dolirercd by the president, and several com- petitions took place. A votrso man named Blair has committed suioido I at Newcastle by taking a dose of .' rough on rats." THE ketch Emily Ann, while making for the I harbour early yesterday morning, was driven on to tbe North Head and wrecked. The captain and ' crew scaled the rocks, from where they were re»oued by means of ropes by those on board the pilot i steamer Captain Cook. UPON the casting vote of the Mayor of Waratah, permission bas been giren to the Principal of the North Waratah Monastery to bury deceased members within the grounds of tho monastery. The Northumberland Permanent Building äocioty bas intimated an intention to prosecute if at any time a burial shall take placo. TnE Mercantile Bank of Sydney has declared a dividend at tho rate of 0 per cent por annum. Tho Port Jackson S.S. Oompany has declared a dividend at the rate of 6 por cent, por annum, while the Southern Insurance Company propose to pay a dividend and bonus equal to 25 por cent per annum. TnE Colonial Treasurer, speaking at Moruya, said, in supporting his previous statement as to the financial position of the colony, that the trust funds had also boen overdrawn to the extent of £2,100,000, and that the deficiency in the public funds as made up throe days ago was £2,914,789. IN Sydney during December tho births of 268 children vvero rogistorod, and in tho suburbs 789. During tho same period tho deaths in the city numbered 195, and in the suburbs 392, there boing a striking increaso in tho number of deaths from miasmatio disoaso. Tho number of births for tho quarter was 8301, and tho deaths 1625, which aro 178 and 50 abovo tlio nun,bora registered during I the corresponding period of 1887. AT tho Wesloyau Conference yesterday telograms i were received from the conferences sitting in Vic- toria 'and South Australia declining to join in a request to the president of the General Confcronco to suspend tho operation of the legislation of the Gonernl Conference directing the transfer of several ministers from ono conference to another. The Now-Zealand Conference agreed to join in such request -" THE preparations for the closing ceremony in connection with the Molbourne Exhibition aro now approaching completion. SIR HENRY: PARKES has intimated to Mr. J. Davios that so far as ho could judgo tho greater part of the work done by the Casual Labour Board has boon of solid value to tho State, and ho feels sure that tho gentlemen forming the board have done thoir best for the advantago of tho country. MB. WISE, at the South Sydney branch of theFroo Trade Association last night, said that upon thoir side as freetraders they had, with one exception, every leader of the people, and in the course of a few days Sir John Robort6on would let the country know what he thought of iho recant attempt to alter the fiscal policy of tbo country. ' ONE of tile last semi-public actions of tho late Mr. Dalley was to write to tbo snorotary of the Freo Trado Association regretting that indisposition would no1 permit him to presido at tho annual meeting of the association. Some of our correspondents ore anxious that the clergy should devote a portion of their pulpit eloquence and influence to cer- tain pliases of the political conflict of the hour. This is not a new plea. Manya time before it lias been urged, with, perhaps, not the disingenuousness which we presume our correspondents possess. And there has been in instunces in the past a response to the plea. We have had those known to us as political parsons, some so gladly by instinct, some eo nominally from "a sense of duty to our beloved country." And outside these isolated caies there are blanches of the Church Universal that on the! eve of elections often offer their ghostly ¡guidance to the wavering minds ?'of the electors who find refuge within their theological precincts. There are a great many people that belong, to these communions, as well as those that do not, who consider the pastors and masters of the Church should, to put it with brutal frankness, mind their own business-that business being to keep within the regula theological and social lines, and-'tiotto touch the problems of poli- tical polity, upon which the body of then constituents aro generally in disagreement. A church hierarchy with a bent for poli- tical teaching is a power to bo reckoned yvitli in the country ; and if politicians chafe under the possibilities' that a holy corporation may work in an elec- tion contest, they still generally make the best of what they caDnot help. Not so their attitude towaids the political parson as an individual. His teaching they resent be it ever so honest, be it ever so sincere. If with a monotonous eloquence he preach free trade, the friends of free trade are afraid he will make some foolish mistake, which parsons aie suspected of doing occasionally, while the enemies of free trade cry out against the sacred office being used for worldly ends. If he preach protection, then the parties change places, while the com- plaint remains the same. And so is the preacher's pious enthusiasm often wasted, and himself regarded with suspicion. Political preachers aa a rule would stir up a peck of trouble in their congregations if they touched upon anything that seemed* like argumen- tative matter. They might handle Avith. fervour broad non-committal subjects, such a_ the nobility of the elector's duty, and the responsibility that is put in the hands of the man who records a vote. They may talk like WHITTIER about the penniless peasant being as powerful with his ballot-ticket in his hand as the proud millionaire. " There is not much harm in that sort of thing," says the politician from the constituency of Wooloowoorong, " but "-and then he makes a pause-" go not beyond this arena of sentiment, we can attend to all the rest better than you can." There is nothing on which people feel so strongly as on religion and politics, and there are no two spheres of thought and practice that are so completely divorced so far as appearances go, and so far as the real wish of the people is. There seems to be a fear, pretty well grounded, that two matters on which there is a division of sentiment and a segregation of parties should not come into juxtaposition in the exercise of the functions of either. There are no quarrels so bitter as those between members of one family. It is the intensity of interest and the natural feelings involved that cause the extreme acerbity of the conflict. Next to family quarrels come religious contests, and we all have seen with what violence and disregard for courtesy and fairness they are often conducted. There is sel- dom any compromise in religious conflicts, because there is too much strength of con- viction involved. And as for political contests, anyone who is not in the swim of partisan action must bo astonished at the wretched rancour, at the wholesale denun- ciation that is made so frequently to take the place of courteously conducted contro- versy and the decencies of woidy warfare. We might see more fair play and good form in a den where pugilists slog each other than upon many political platforms. The too common idea of the average politi- cian is, " The man that thinks as I do is one of the saints, and all the rest are rogues and vagabonds, deceivers of theh own hearts, betrayers of their country and, if they contradict me, liars all» And "liars all" is not so rare « phrase in New South Wales politics that any need be surprised at seeing it here ia - I decorous black and white. It looks bettet a great deal than it sounds. Here, then, is work for the cler(?y-g0t>j political work, which honest, patriotic men would find time to be thankful for. Without attempts at sensational eh> quence, Ministers could point out th» morality of temperance and soberness in all conflict of opinion. They could show without too much rhetorical unction that men are most to be trusted with the affairs of a country who do not let the arrogant infallibility of their own opinions blind them to such reasonable- ness as exists in the mental attitude of their opponents. They could with all good purpose point out that a country is best served through its representatives by men moral enough not only to bo fair in disputation, but who are of fair name as well. We need the all- round fairness in our political life but what do we find? We find men's characters blackened with an offhand indifference to consequences which is destructive to all the best instincts of public life. We find motives impugned, actions distorted, and words made to convey sinister meanings from either a wilful blindness or a perverseness, consi- dered as over-zeal by many who ought to know better. Nothing is such a sure indication of the tone of an As- sembly as the tone of a conflict which precedes the making of its mem- bers. Is it that as a race we are losing all sense of chivalry in our battle of ideas? Ia it that with the thoughts of men that widen with the process of the suns though, perhaps not after the fashion suggested by I ENNYSON-we grow mots self-opinionated, more imperious in our .demands for the mental supremacy of the individual more satisfied that our ology is the only ology that any man of common sense could possibly accept ? If we say yes to thess interrogations, in what a humiliating con- dition do we find ourselves I It is not an elevating conclusion to come to, that we are retrogressing in the best of manly qualities while we are extending our bookish and our' practical knowledge. Some of our would-be or accepted public men, like HAMLET, " fall to cursing like a very drab, a scullion" in the arraignment of their opponents ; and to what end ? but through coarse animositj' to breed coarser animosity, and to cause the spectator of political battles to ask if politics is a lit profession for a gentleman ? It is not so difficult to keep it as such as it might seem from appearances. There is much dignity in the very office of a mem- ber of Parliament, and under tho regis of a free Constitution contests might be fought with honourable methods and after a fashion becoming manliness and citizenship. If appeal would avail, we would make it here ; but, whether we malte it or it is 'made elsewhere with greater effect, we could well wish that we might have moie that is dignified and less that is unbecoming in the political struggle that ii being waged. I The servant question is perpetually turning up. Complaints are entered periodically iii the newspapers, and every day they aie privately recorded, regarding the * difficulty there is _ in getting servants at all, and against the incompetency of those who do go into service. How shall the problem be solved ? We are not prepared to answer that inquiry, for to all appearances there seems no solution of the difficulty. Year by year the trouble has grown. There were times, even in the colonies, when servants re- mained in one place for years, until they either married, and even after they married, or until they died. They became part of the home, necessary to the family, trusted by all, and the children's friend. Their peculiarities were understood and often humoured, and they in turn magrjaiiimou'-ly condoned faults in their employers. That day has gone by altogether in the colonies, and it is going by, also, in England-for- merly the land of good servants. " The old servant of the family " is becoming » tradition; the trusted, tried, and indus trious guardian of the domestic economy is giving way to an itinerant class of domestics Avho, very properly, are on the look - out for number one, but who are, very improperly, forgetful in many cases of their real duties and of the relations that should exist between employers and employed. When servant» first come to the colonies from the inga« training or from their own home» in Great Britain they are generf£ amenable to the requirements of wa station and office, but this disposition fades away and is lost all too soon a» assertive habit of the average servant in Australia. The colonial servant would, and does, despi-e her English cousin for her humilitv and devotedtiess. she üaB * different domestic gospel, and she Uves up t0 Everyone recognises the truthfulness of such complaints as our correspondents Mt» in their letters, but not many, it¡to "'?» feared, could endorse the remedies they propose. It is not hard to see an evil. takes care to make itself prominent,tot « is scarcely easy to establish a .' safe cure. Let us see what the arraignment * Servants are accused of ^oing"Ü ferent to the ordinary domestic weite« of their employers' homes, they accused of being incompetent, >an neglecting or refusing to do,fe«HjJ that fall within the duties of a nsw* office. It is -aid of many a servan that she cannot do the commonest things about a house properly, an that « instead of being# worthJJ 15s. or 18s. per week she is not worm as many pence, so after *«%*"£ u.eless trouble and expense m ffjt»*¡ ¿ you find that you aie saddled. m useless fraud, for fraud » «T virtually amounts to; and »««£4,, employers living far %£$$** very serious matter. 1 ne T*v» _. this condition of affairs tobyoneof our respondents laid partly upon *£**% offices, whichthrive by the »tod«"*,. Mrvaots, and which encourage ?**» «äTifineriboy." The cure proposed » to ri.ce the registry offices under Govern- ment supervision, to require every ployer P to make out certificates ¿f character when a servant is disnussed or "rigns, this certificate to be one regulated Tito ¿nn and details by law. The chief heads of this certificate should be, it is «aid «efficiency, sobriety, punctuality, and civility," and then is added with con- siderable ingenuousness, « and a subsidiary head for remarks." All our correspondents ¿et much store by the compulsory granting of character certificates, deeming that by such a system we would be able to place a check upon asssrtive «competency and constant change. And with grades of service and a fixed rate of wages Dased opon these certificates of character, it is hoped that a reform might be effected. Vain hope. Legislation may regulate hours of servants, but it never will go so far as to affect the freedom of choice which is the right of the employer na well as of the servant. It may be that employers recommend servants who apply to them for certificates of character when they should condemn them, but why should a Government step in to strengthen an employer's weakness? For if those who employ poor servants pass them on with favourable recommendations to others, they are as criminal as the servants who neglect their duty, or who are incompetent and unfaithful. This source of trouble seems to spring from a sort of moral cowardice. If employers will not tell the truth, how can servants be expected to do so ? ^ If a servant is advertised through a written recommendation as being capable, does it need a great detl of vanity or self- delusion to cause that servant to announce herself or himself as capable ? No ; the remedy is not to be found in granting certi- ficates of character according to law ; for employers who prevaricate now irould prevaricate then, and they would in most cases, by reason of that peculiar and almost unaccountable fear that now possesses them, put full marks after " efficiency, Bobriety, punctuality, and civility." From the standpoint of liberty, interference on the part of the State would be unjust ; from the standpoint of utility it would be futile. The matter of supervising servants' registries is unother difficult thing. Where could the Government stop in ? If the Government interferes in the employment of servants, it must also retain a super- vision over them afterwards. The range of Government interference and responsi- bility is already too great. All these registries are now supposed to do is to act between the employer and employed, to be vehicles of communication. It ÍB the servant that is supposed to misre- present if there is misrepresentation. That employer would be something of a lunatic who depended on the advice of a keeper of a servants' registry, one who is not expected to know any more about the servants than the yvould-be employer. There is no doubt that servants are encouraged to leave their places for new ones for the sake of the commission to be gained by these registry people, and if some waj* could be devised to meet this difficulty a good end would bo served. But how ? What is the device? No one lias satisfactorily answered these questions yet. Govern- ments are not omniscient, and they cannot he expected to in some supernatural manner solve social problems of this kind. It must he acknowledged that the burden of responsibility for the present state of affairs rests chiefly with the servants, and part of it again may be shifted from them to the shoulders of society-that responsible yet iriesponsible thing. Forces are at work producing certain changes in the habits and principles of the labouring classes, and what the result may be it is hard to predict. Things could scarcely be worse than they are. There is a false education abroad. It is the educa- tion, not of independence, but of self- asser- tion based upou a pernicious assumption of equality. The Jack's-as- good-as-his master theory is only a partial truth, and it has a certain limit to its meaning ; but the true meaning has yet to he scanned by the multitude. It is coming to be, if it is not already, con- sidered that domestic service is a thing only to be taken up as a last resort. The dignity, the pride of labour, is lost sight of, and wages is the only altar. It cannot be wondered, therefore, that mistresses say thej might often as not keep no servants at ally because it requires as much labour to look after servants as to do the domestic duties oneself. The whole system is out of joint through a false education. Whether the trouble will work itself out, and the girls of the humbler classes will come to view domestic service as not de- grading but honourable, if laborious-and it is often very laborious-we cannot con- jecture ; but yve can hope that it may be BO. Meanwhile we are facing a possi- bility which as a nation we should dread, and thut is the abandonment of real homes and taking refuge in hotels, as is done so much in America. That is a thing devoutly to be shunned. It has brought in the United States great evils in its train. It a tending to destroy the home life of the nation. It is to be feared that there will he for a long time yet but the two alterna- tives-to endure the t3"ranny of servants in our homes, or to find thin other sanctuary oI the restaurant and the hotel. A year ago we were celebrating the hundredth anniversary of the foundation oí the colony. The festivities of to-day nark the close of the first year of our second century. Then there was much expression of joy and hope, accompanied ty demonstrations of self-complacency, »erging in some cases into the exhibi- tion of a boastful spirit. Twelve months nave passed, and where now is our self complacency ? Where are the trumpetings {"»rd? It is the fashion of the day, at least amongst those who for the time being are charged with the control of our ^flairs, to bewail our miserable condition, »load the atmosphere of our public life with malodorous rumour and suspicion, to gloat over the emptiness of our Treasury, to blacken their surroundings so that even they may appear in some sort of wight relief. We have been accustomed H* many years to celebrate our anniver ?»«» by aquatic displays. This vear the programme is varied by the introduction ofthat featr which, in the eyes of Presi- dent LINCOLN, waB so risky-" swopping horses in the middle of a stream." We are changing our rulers, and talking of recasting our policy and re- versing our legislation, and breuking with the traditions of the past, at the very time when the colony is beginning to recover from its depression, and needs, above all other things, that the rising tide of its j prosperity should be unchecked by | political disturbance or by inconsiderate i or illjudged change. If we were some. what flighty in our manifestations of feeling twelve months ago, the lessons of the past year have prepared us for a reaction now. We were distracted by the holidays then. We are unsettled by the elections now, and enterprise in its various forms is partially paralysed by uncertainty as to Avhat is to happen next, in these days when men change their opinions as freely as they change their coats, and are ready like schoolboys at play to make shuttlecocks of principle and policy and the grave affairs of the State. We have made a bad beginning of our second century so far as our public life is concerned. A great part, if not the greater part, ol' the first year was distinguished by an exhibition of Parliamentary incompetency. We begin the new year with a desperate attempt to mend matters by a general election ; but this is being done under the management of men who have been tried and found wanting before, and who are themselves in a large measure responsible for the failures of the past"year. The one con- solatory reflection under the circumstances is that the welfare of tho colony is not wholly dependent upon either the Legis- lature or the Government. It is for the electors to see to it that the change they are now making shall not be a change for the worse. ; The refusal of English capitalists, in an easy money market, to lend the Borough of Orange £25,000, will convey a sharp lesson, not only to that particular borough, but to others. There is no doubt plenty of money available for investment in good Australian municipal securities, but lenders are evidently disposed to be in- creasingly careful , as to their in- vestments. Of that there can be no fair reason to complain. Why they should have drawn the line at Orange we are not aware. Probably the amount asked was thought to be too much. And it munt be admitted that a loan of £25,000 for a municipality containing 838 ratepayers does seem to be large. The aunual value of the rateable property in the municipality in 1887, according to the Statistical Register, %vas £32,530, yield- ing, on the ordinary rate of Is. in the £, an annual revenue of £1400, and on a special light and water rate of 6d. in the £ the sum of £736, with receipts from the Government amounting to £944, and from other sources £977. The assets Avere stated at£19,049,and theliabilities£15,821. There Avas au outstanding loan of £0400. It is to be observed, however, that the borough has bought the gasworks from tbe local company, and that would pro- bably justify the borrowing of a very con- siderable part of the amount. But, in the opinion of capitalists, so much as is asked does not seem to be warranted, at least not at 4-iv per cent.-the rato. of interest at which it is sought to be obtained. As far as Ave are aware, this is the first of oar New South Wales borough councils which has been refused a loan in England. SoA'eral of them have been successful borrowers, at reasonable rates of interest, and it was thought that Orange ought to bo able to procure a loan as well as otners. The effect of the failure Avili no doubt be to compel our small boroughs to look nearer home for the funds they want. But the lesson to be learnt from tbis le buff is that they must be moderate in their burrowing, or they will not be successful in getting loans, or at all events in getting them at a rate which will not be burdensome to the ratepayers. TO-DVT being a public holiday, the following arrangements will be observed in the mail branch of tbu General Post Office:-The various offices of that branch will be open from 8.80 till 10 a.m. only, and the 8 a.m. delivery only will be effected by letter-carriers. The country mails usually despatched in the afternoon and evening, also the coastwise, intercolonial, and foreign mails will close at 9 a.m. The iron pillar-receivers and receivers at suburban post- offices will only be cleared at the first usual hour on that day. THE Government will, it is understood, before the end of the present month, consider whether it IB possible to adopt come course which will enable them to pay tho salaries of the officials in the Civil Service at the beginning of February. It is con- sidered that this cannot be done by constitutional means, but it may be possible for the Government to deviee a p an for making the payments without incurring censure. In any case, the whole of the members of the Ministry will be consulted before any action is taken. THE English mails to 21st December, 1888, per P. and O. Company's steamer Home, will be de livi red on Monday next, at 8 a.m., per letter-car- riers und to private box holders, and at 8.45 a.m. from delivery windows of General Post Office. DELAYED by the smoke from bush-fires in the bay at Williamstown, and by thick weather along the coast, the Royal Mail steamer Orizaba, of the Orient line, did not get in until 7 a.m. yes- terday. The Orizaba had a well-filled passenger list, and the classification on the steamer leaving Plymouth showed 110 saloon, 156 second saloon, and 890 third-class passengers. The voyage, socially and otherwise, was of a pleasant charactor. The Bishop of Dunedin, Dr. Nevill, who has been in England taking part in the proceedings at the recent Lambeth Conference, has returned in the Orizaba. Mr. Marnock, from Toole's Theatre, London, is a passenger, being under engagement to Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. Alderman John Young also arrived by the steamer. THE police are now engaged in collecting the electoral lists, and tbey are very anxious that the lists should be as accurate as possible. The lists are collected between the 1st and 28th January. They are then printed and exhibited in several placet in the various doctorates during the first two «reeks of April If the name of any person entitled to the franchise has been omitted, by making an application to the Clerk of Petty Sessions of the district he can have his name inserted at the Revision Court, which is held some time between the Oth and 20th days of May. THE trustees of Moore College, after much con- sideration, have thought it best to defer the appointment of a new prinoipaL To them it appeared only right to consult the future Bishop on an appointment of so much importance to the diocese, and because they desire to take the present opportunity of carrying out tbe resolution of the Synod for the transference of the Theological College to Sydney, and 'have commissioned Messrs. Coward and Bell to prepare designs tor a portion of the new buildings on the land acquired by them on the Nevvtown-roai near St Paul's Col- lege. In the meantime they hope to mako satis I factory arrangements for continuing the training of existing t-tudents. The trustees are preparing to carry out a scheme agreed upon with the Church ! authorities and people at Liverpool for the use of I the Moore College buildings at Liverpool (in ao | cordanco with the provisions of Mr. Moore's will) i as a middle-class Church grammar-school. The Most Rev. the Primate inducted the Rev. W. Whitcombe to the charge of the parish of St. Alban, Five Dock, on Thursday evening. À SHALL vessel of some thirty or forty tons, I named the Emily Ann, was wrecked early yester ' day morning on the North Head, at the entrance to this harbour. The vessel had been engaged for some time in the timber trade to Port Macquarie, and at the time of the accident she was, laden with timber for Sydney. Owing to the vessel " missing stays " close in to the Heads, she rapidly drifted ashore, and it was with very great difficulty her four hands succeeded in reaching the shore, and they wore subsequently rescued by the pilot steamer at the Heads. IN roply to a request from tho Local Option League, that the Wesleyan Conferonco would re- ceive a deputation from them, the Conference letter- writor says " that the Conference is heartily j and to a man with you on the great temperance question, and fully alive to the importance of the present juncture, and we only regret that the pres- sure of our business compels us to forego the plea- sure of receiving a deputation. Tho Local Option League can dopend, as heretofore, upon the zeal and earnestness of tho Methodist Church in this great cause." THE following letter from the Railway Depart- ment has been recoivedby Mr. S.E. Lees:-"Depart- ment of Railways, Sydney, January 24th, 1889. Sir,-In reply to your letter of the 21st instant, asking that railway employees may be allowed time off to record their votes in connection with the elec- tion for the Nepean, I hsive the honour to inform you that instructions havo been issued providing for this being dono. I have the honour to be, sir, your most obedient servant, (signed) D. VEHNON, Secretary for Railways.'' A connEsroNDENi/who signs himself "A Con- stant Reader," wriios to complain of the insanitary condition of the temporary Pub.io Free Library. He says the upper ventilators aro not opened until half an hour prior to tho closing time, and he asks why thoy are not open all day. Ho considers the present state'of things not only a nuisance, but a danger. WITH regard to the lotter from " E. G. Milner," which appeared under the heading " Post Office Negligence," in our issue of tno 22nd in- stant, relative to a parcel alioged to hive been delayed in the General Post Office from the 24th ultimo to tho 21st instant, we are informed by the postal authorities that the matter has been inquired into, and it would seem that the addresseo of the parcel in question, which was diiocted to tho General Po t Office, did not re- ceive it sooner becnu-o she did not apply at the window through which careéis, packets, and news- papers are delivered. On the 21st instant the par- cel was observed by ono of the letter-sorters, and when the addressee applied for lcttors during the day she was directed to apply at the parcel window for it ADVICES recently received from Stuttgart, Ger- many, sta e that under date November 22 last, Professor Percy Qootschius, musical critic of tho Suabian Mercury and Neues Tagblatt, Stuttgart, also professor of harmony and theory at tho S utt gart Conservatory of Music, in writing of the little Australian musician, Ebie Stanley Hall (a native of Toowoomba, Queensland), recently of Sydney, aavs-" The aitention of musical circles in this city (Stuttgart) has bean attracted of late to another prodigy, Miss Elsie Hall, receutly arrived from Melbourne, Australia, whose musical gifts are vcrv remarkable for her ago (11 y oars), and excited tho admiration and interest of Professor Prilckner, tho principal piano- forte teacher of the Conservatory of Music, to such an extent that he immo liatcly accepted her as his pupil. Upon her examination prior to hor admission into the Artist Department of the Con- servatory, the Director, Professor De Faisst, and Professors Priiokner and Speidol, were all unanim- ous in their favourable opinion of tho talented child She is at present about to commence the study of a Mozart Concerto, and will, no doubt, be permitted by ber cautious master to play at one of the public concerts of tho Conservatory during the coming winter. The little girl made her first concert appearance in Stuttgart on December 11, at an ensemble concert, when she scored a marked success, and her playing has tince been much spoken about in Stuttgart musical circles. On this occasion she took tho piano part in a Haydn Concerto. It is a great mark of distinction for any pupil to he allowed to pl-iy at these concerts within 12 months of their admission into the insti- tution ; but a much greater distinctnn for a child, of little Elsie's years, to be permitted to tako'part after she had only been receiving instruction at the institution for the Bhort period of less than six months. Stie is to play at one of the public con- certs of the conservatory (rsferred to in the para- graph by Professor Goetsekiäs), within about six weeks from the middle of Deccmbor, when she will take part in a Mozart Concerto. ...-'?. WE havo been requested to call the attention of subscribers and the pubiio to the advoitisemont an- nouncing that the annual general meeting of the Society for the Relief of destitute Children will take placo at the Asylum, Randwick, on Monday next, at 3 p.m. Ks advertisement in another column notifies that goods will not be received or delivered at the Redfern or Dar- ling Harbour goods sheds to-day, but persons desirous of taking delivery of perishables can obtain their con- signments at Darling Harbour up till lu a.m. The Central O luce will also be open for the delivery of perishables till lu a.m. ; but after that hour these will be delivered at Redfern. THE following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ending January 23, 1889 :- Admitted, 8 women, 9 children ; 3 births, 1 death ; discharged, 7 women, 13 children ; remaining in the house. 97 women, 131 children ; total, 228. Provisions dis- tributed :-1841 loaves bread ; 12381b. of flour ; 6221b. meat; 6591b. sugar; 13911b. tea; 791b. «airo; 2351b. rice ; lilb. arrowroot ; 1351b. oatmeal. Fresh applica- tions for relief, 10 ; caseB reported by the Inspector, 60; in 14 cases the relief was discontinued; in 3 cuses the rent money was disallowed ; in 1 ea»e the rations were reduced ; total number of CBBCS relieved, 476. 