How I Sent Sheep to the Hills. V. By L. G. Just before the arrival of our sheep at the border town just mentioned, some unlucky owner of a few sheep from the plains had been induced to try the local market, and, having at ruinous prices disposed of the bulk of his flock, had drawn a hornets' nest about his head by managing to get the few sheep he had left unsold into the sacred precincts of the public park to hold over until next sale day. The so-called public park was just a bush paddock recently fenced in and covered with a thick sapling scrub. It contained about as much grass as an ordinary Chinaman would carry in two baskets ; but it served as a camping-place, and the sheep could be sent over the unenclosed adjacent land to water every day, and so manage to exist until market day. This apparently innocent arrangement had caused quite a commotion in the borough and almost brought on civil war. Letters appeared in the local papers, and a special meeting of city fathers held, in which the strife ran almost into bloodshed, one prominent leader declaring that any stock (except his own) that attempted to eat the grass sacred to the rate payers would have to walk over his dead body first. Another said he did not wish to mention names, but he had been informed ? ,when a third interrunted. ' You can mention what namps von like ; 1 know who you mean, and what you are going to say ; and there is not a word of truth in it, and you are not game to come outside and sav what you was going to say;' and the debate became quite Parliamentary; whilst the un fortunate owner of the sheep was pointed to in public as the man that had eaten all the people's grass, and children fresh from Sunday-school studies looked on him as a modern Nebuchad nezzar, and noted with awe that his hair was growing longer than that of an ordinary mortal. This storm in a teacup was unfortunate for us, as Smith had to push straight through. Sixpence per head being duly deposited with the Vic torian Customs, the trip up the river began. The track on the Victorian side is through well watered, hilly country. The feed on the roads had been greatly cut up with 'travelling cattle ; but still the sheep could fill their bellies better than had been their lot for months, and they began to improve. I heard fair accounts, of them for some time until their destination was reached, when I received the following note from Smith : — ' Dear Sir, — I am sorry to inform you that we have met with great disaster here ; we had just reached the land you had hired when the bush fire which has been raging this five days among the hills along the Upper Murray swept down upon us ; the heat had been intense for some days and the wind like the breath of a furnace. We had not been able to see the hills for a week, everything being obscured in thick smoke ; the loud crackling of the fire as it devoured the green leaves or the thick growth of saplings was the first intimation we had that it was near us. We tried all we could to save the sheep, but the ground was so difficult to drive them over, and the wind was so strong, that half of them were burnt or scattered by the lire. There are a lot of wild dogs here, and I am afraid that many will be killed by them before we can muster again. In the hurry with the sheep, the buggy and horses were left for a while, and the fire swept up and started the horses. They dashed the trap against a tree, broke the pole, and cleared into the bush, and fell over the edge of a steep creek, tangled together in the liarness. One was dead when we found them, and the other had his leg broken, so we killed it. The fire burned the waggonette, and all our camp fixing, so we are in a pretty fix. You had better come and see what can be done. I have picked the ironwork of the buggy up, and packed it against a tree, and named this place ' The Dead Finish.'— Yours in sorrow. J. Smith.' ' This was a nice little surprise to me. I had been, so used to hear of loss and prospect of future loss ever since the sheep left the run, and had got so used to disaster and trouble, I was in the business so to speak, and things had now begun to mend and go well. I felt lonely for want of the usual bulletin of the dead and dying, but by Smith's note I could read there was ample scope and verge enough for trouble and disaster, even after the sheep had reached the hills. But I set out to write ' How I Sent Sheep to the Hills,' and need not enter into the details of how I went to the hills, upon the receipt of Smith's note, and how we spent a fortnight clambering up and down what the natives called the little rises, the slopes of which were usually at angles of from 30 to 60 degrees ; how we got some of the sheep to gether, and built brush yards on the wrong ground, and the irate owner of the grazing right fired our yards, and challenged us to mortal combat ; how we crushed him into respectful silence by threatening to bring a Nordenfelt gun from New South Wales, and ? lay waste his country, and also got our black boys in war paint, who drove him into the fastness of the mountains at the spear's point ; how the native dogs ' all night howled their dismal watch how the wombats invaded our camp and eat all our damper ; how the sheep filled their bellies with the sour ' wire ' grass because it looked green and fresh, and lay down and died because they could not digest it ; how the weather suddenly changed from intense heat and drought to cold, hurricanes, and deluges of rain, and our temporary camp was blown down and almost washed into the creek ; how, when I came back, I told my friends I had been on a picnic, and described to them the lovely fern-tree gullies with their rippling streams of pellucid water, the bright-hued parrots swinging, chattering, on the bending twigs of the verdant wattle, glancing in the flaked sunlight, that fell in brilliant streams through the scanty foliage of giant trees that shot their solid shapely stems 200ft. in air — of the enormous masses of many-hued rocks whose frowning pin nacles rose up bare and glistening above the sea of verdure at their base, and how from their ' thunder-splintered crowns ' one could see hill piled on hill, mountain on mountain, to where Kosciusko towered aloft and crowned the scene ; how all my friends thought it must be a beautiful place, and wished they had been with me, and made up their minds to go to the hills next summer, whilst I took a solemn inward oath they wouldn't get me with them. Yes, the whole affair had been a nice little picnic, the records whereof are deeply written on the wrong side of my bank book. In bidding good-bye to my readers I do not think it necessary to give Punch's famous advice to them, if ever they feel inclined to send sheep to the hills, but let them draw their own deductions if they have followed me from the start to 'The Dead Finish.' 