Foreign and Intercolonial Telegrams. (From the Daily News.) FOREIGN. LONDON, December 17. The trial of the Clan-na-Gael mem bers charged with the murder of the late Dr. Cronin, has concluded. The jury, after taking four days to consider their verdict, found Coughlin, O'Sullivan and Burke guilty of murder, and, hav ing power to fix the sentences, sentenced them to be imprisoned for life. Munize was sentenced to three years' imprison ment, and Beggs was acquitted. One of the jurors was compelled by the others to submit to a compromise, to avoid a verdict of capital punishment. The friends of Dr. Cronin are indignant at the result of the trial, and declare that justice has not been done. The prisoner have applied for a new trial. The influenza epidemic has broken out in America, principally in New York. A new plot against the Czar has been discovered, but the details have not been published. Over a thousand men have struck at the National docks at New York, protesting against the employment of negroes. " Reynolds' Weekly" and the Socialist press in general, state that the balance either Sydney or Melbourne, should be selected instead. Consequently, the Tasmanian Attorney General has been interviewed by Mr. Gillies, on the subject, and he has replied to the effect, that his Government has no objection to the Conference being held in Melbourne. The Premiers of South Australia and Queensland (Dr. Cock burn and Mr. Morehead), arrive here to-day, to confer with Mr. Gillies to definitely fix the time and place. The steamship Owners Association has reported, that all steamship com panies have signed, agreeing to con tribute £20,000 for their mutual pro tection in the event of a strike taking place. SYDNEY, December 19. The bushfires at Jerilderie have devastated many thousand of acres of crops and feed. Another immense fire has broken out at the Nangunnia station, and is doing considerable damage. Beecroft and Clamp, the two men who were so severely injured owing to the paint explosion, have succumbed. At yesterday's Monara election, Mr. Miller, a protectionist, polled 860 votes, while Mr. Myers, a freetrader, secured only 700. Parliament purposes proroguing on Friday. The whole of the estimates, amounting to £6,960,000, are reported to have been adopted. ADELAIDE, December 19. Messrs. Ward, Kingston, and Coles, have been created Honourables within this colony. The Victorian University Eight have arrived, and will row our University creW on Saturday. The s.s. "Orient" arrived from King George's Sound yesterday. The railway employees held a large meeting in the Town Hall last night, at which they passed a resolution agreeing that probationers should be paid 6s. daily, for the first year, sixpence more per day the second year, and seven shillings per day for the third year. They are now urging the com missioners to agree to their terms. Shares are firm. Brokens are £86 10s., Centrals, £12 5s. The others have proportionately increased in value. MELBOURNE, December 20. Dr. Cockburn has interviewed Mr. Gillies on the Federation question, but owing to Mr. Morehead's absence, nothing was settled. Mr. Morehead will arrive to-day. A conference of ironworkers has determined to obtain redress, and is confident about the result. The various branches have promised their support. Matters are accepted to be definitely settled, at a meeting of the amalgamated society of Engineers on Monday night. Dix's application against the Melbourne Exchange, for an injunction restraining them from expelling him, has been partly heard by the Supreme Court, and adjourned. At a dinner given to Mr. Thornley, Chairman of the harbour Trust, Mr. Patterson, Minister of Customs, quot ed figures showing the enormous increase of imports, exports, and tonnage to the port of Melbourne during the last ten years. SYDNEY, December 20. Mr. Dibbs has demanded an assurance, that nothing shall be done at the forthcoming conference, to commit the colony without parliamentary sanction. Sir Henry Parkes readily consented to this, and said that nothing could arise from the present conference, except a good understanding as to the steps to be taken. The present session has closed, the business being finished in both Houses, and Parliament will prorogue to-day. At the Criminal Court to-day, Joseph Blyth, who was described as a South Australian land agent, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment on several charges of obtaining money by means of valueless cheques. The police state that they know of hundreds of cases against him. Blyth, who pleaded guilty, stated that he was expecting a fortune of £20,000. H.M.S. Orlando leaves on the 6th January, with Lord Carrington and Admiral Scott on board, and will stay at Dunedin for a few days. The Orlando will also visit the principal New Zealand ports. ADELAIDE, December 20. The Exchanges will close for a fortnight during the holidays. At a conference of railway employees' representatives, held yesterday, it was arranged to endeavour to arrive at a satisfactory settlement of the dispute. The men at Port Pirie have determined to strike, unless their demands are granted. Mr. W. R. Wigley, will probably succeed Judge Pater at the Northern Territory. Mr. Pater retires at the end of the year, and intends contesting one of the constituencies. The Austral sails on Monday for London. Shares, excepting Brokens, are easier and there is a downward tendency. Brokens are £88 6s., Centrals £12 15s.; Block 14's £10 12s. ; Round Hill £10 10s. ; Junctions £8 1s. ; Block 10's and British £6 4s.; Souths £5 2s. ; Norths £2 5s. A large fire has occurred at Redhill, through which three hundred acres of crops and grass were destroyed, as well as a lot of fencing. MELBOURNE, December 21. An accountant named Atkinson, has obtained a verdict of £100 against The Age, for libel, for stating that he embezzled £700. The holding of the Federal Confer ence is still unsettled. Mr. Morehead has returned to Sydney, where Mr. Gillies has telegraphed him. The Premier will announce his decision upon receiving a reply. The Premier Permanent Building Society has stopped payment. The depositors are withdrawing their amounts largely, and owing to certain press publications, the Bank has stop ped the Society's overdraft. SYDNEY, December 20. Sir Henry Parkes, in moving the ad journment of the House, thanked the Opposition for their consideration dur ing the session. He hoped that such was the beginning of a better feeling. Mr Dibbs replied in similar terms, but hoped that a sharp contest would take place early next session, and that the result would be a change of parties. A remarkable hail-storm occurred on Friday, the hail-stones being as large as marbles, which broke hundreds of windows and stripped a number of trees. It has been decided to erect a national monument to the memory of Searle. ADELAIDE, December 21. The s.s. Austral leaves for Albany on Monday, with the following pas sengers for Western Australia : — Miss Vivian and Master Robinson. The railway dispute has ended, the men's demands having been fully conceded. Shares are quiet. Brokens are £88 5s. ; Centrals, £13 4s. ; Blocks I4's £10 10s, ; Junctions £7 17. ; British, £6 5s, ; Block 10's £6 2s. The Broken Hill Proprietary Mine's week's run was 150,800 ounces of silver. The yield at Block 14 mine was 11,270 ounces ; the British yield was 16,709 ounces. The banks have informed the share holders in the various mines, that no further drafts will be negotiated with scrip attached, excepting at the risk of the tenderers. His Honor Judge Boucaut, has ordered a call to be made on the share holders of the Commercial Bank of South Australia, and to realise on the Bank's properties. The Intercolonial University eight oar boat race takes place to-day. The betting is 6 to 4 on the Melbourne crew. The Government is in favour of each colony being represented by six dele gates at the forthcoming Federal Con ference. Parliament meets informally after the holidays, for the purpose of appointing its representatives. The premier (Dr. Cockburn) re turned from Sydney to-day. Mr. Alexander Anderson, late manager at Perth, of the defunct Com mercial Bank of South Australia, died this morning. 