©he Nobelfet. JANE. 1 A SKETCH. By Make West. II. It was certainly very hot. The yellow at mosphere quivered visibly Over the sun burnt grass, the air was thick With smoke of distant bush-fires,' and heavy with the in cense of the gam leaves. The locusts dram- med drowsily in the trees, but it was still too hot for song or aught else, and the very mag pies were mate, and panted dumbly in the insufficient shade. Jane walked on, ill at ease in body and in mind. Each separate and particular bone ached dully — the result of continued over toil ; and her heart ached still more heavily for her sister's troubles, and perhaps a little for her own. Moreover, she was full of righteous wrath against her brother-in-law, Robert Harper. Robert, the selfish, the un feeling, utterly unprincipled, dead to all sense of duty, callous, Mareia's possible murderer ! " Brute !" she -thought, indignantly, " to leave us here so long' in such a plight and at such a time. Why, he could have been home long ago if he had chosen J He is something of a boaster — perhaps lie has fallen among thieves and has lost his money, and is afraid to face us 1 I shouldn't be snrprised at any wicked folly on his part. If Marcia dies — and indeed she will have a hard fight for it between anxiety and semi-starva tion, poor girl — he will have killed her as much as if he had stabbed her. Not that he is much good when he is at home — what J don't do is left undone, for all he cares 4 but Marcia is happier in an nneasy kind of way when he is near her, and so I wish he would comeback, the wretch! I wonder what she could have seen in him to love ? He is . handsome certainly, and wben lie chooses liiB manner is pleasant ; but his gentlemanii- ness -is only a thin veneer at best, and he doesn't wear it out by use at home. He is selfish, extravagant — bah ! what is the use of going-over his faults? If only he would bo; good to Marcia — rpally nice and affectionate; — I would forgive him his fafeiness'&nd; every—' thing else ; but now that she is losing her looks and her spirits as well as her health,' and poverty has come in at the door his love has gone-out at the window." Her angry thoughts acted as a spar, and in spite of-the beat, she walked briskly on along -a narrow cattle track that wound through bracken breast high. Half a mile and more away on her left the great South-, era Ocean beat nnrestingly on the surf-worn shore with a roar like muffled thunder. Westward-the river ran singing on its way -to the sea-; and for' it she was bound, on- catching toothesome perch or bream intent. She- loved the river— its high, rocky banks : pierced -with shadowy caves, draped with luxuriant creepers, and crowned with, stringy " bark forests, wherein the thrush ' piped his silver song, and the bell-bird chimed all day; -its wide and .shining reaches, its dark and sheltered .pools, in which the stealthy cray- fiish larked for -their prey, like monstrous' spiders awaiting unwary flies — almost better' than the sea itself. It "was her-, sanctuary, her haven of rest and consolation to: which she fled confidently, dropping Iicc burden of -tronbles and anxieties into its cool depths, and drawing in froin its placid bosom peace: of spirit and renewed strength of heart. There was no sweeter or -in ore soothing music in her ears than the low ripple of its waters lapping on the rocks, there was no prettier sight to her eyes than the delicate dappling of sunlight and shadow on its snrface, and the graceful gliding of the silvery fish, below. Moreover- — but this was. scarcely acknow- ledged to herself as .yet — it wee bound up in her thoughts with the great joy of her- life. For here, at this very spot where she now Stood in cool shade, she hadfiret met Hector Maekinnon, whosa timely' aid had rescued her in some-little difficulty with her- line one day while she was in mid-stream a-fishing, , which aid -laid the foundation of a warm friendship between them — a friendship which, to Mrs. Harper's jealous eyes, seemed only "too likely to merge into something warmer and closer still. Hector Maoklenon was the manager of Glenfine, a small station on the other side of the river, and waB, to Jane's thinking, the comeliest young fellow in the whole of Vic toria. He was, even to less- partial eyes, a fine-looking, frank, and honest-faced young man, high-spirited, cheerful, generous, a trifle hasty and impetuous, but a good man of business and a general favorite. \ The seighbois seeing them walking to- ' getber would nod their heads and smile, well pleased, saying that they would trouble you to show a finer couple or a better matched within a ride of a hundred miles, a challenge which, after all, it might have been some what risky -to accept, for they were as fine specimens of man and girlhood as could be wished— healthy, upright, courageous cheer ful, and well-looking exceedingly. -Jane stood on the river edge and looked acrosB to the other bank with eyes full of happy anticipation — she scarcely knew of what : it had become a habit with her to; find happiness there. It was hardly likely she thought, that anyone would be there at that time ; passes-by — the mounting colour marked the a!l-con6cious hypocrisy — were infrequent in those solitudes. She unmoored her boat, and stepping into it, pushed a little away froift the bank and -flung her triple-booked line — for she was on ; business not on pleasure bent — deftly across into the " dark hole where the fish will bite all the day." Then tilting her hat forward to shade her face, she gave herself up to veverie, while her eyes idly followed the wild cirolings of inuinerable water beetles, as they madly scudded, apparently without sum, 10 and .fro over the transpareut sur face. She sat for some little .time,, vaguely dreaming, serenely content, placidly waiting for the first bite ; hut was presently thrilled \ into intense consciousness of her snrround- ' ings by the echo of a clear whistle ringing , through the trees on the bank above her, to which the jingle of a bit and the measured tramp of a horse's hoofs made pleasant accom. panimerit. The warm blood rushed over her face and throat -; she felt thankful - that the : rider was too far off to see that signal of dis-; tieBS — or delight, rather. But though her blush was invisible, she. herself was not , and Hector Maekinnon, ex hibiting lively and pleasurable surprise at the unexpected meeting, dismounted, and fastening his horse to a convenient tree, cauie down to the bank to join her. " Are you going to make me . stand here, Miss Moore ?" he said persuasively. ""Are not you going to j>ut -back a little— just a little, as far as that old log — and let me come on board ? You need not pull up your anchor — let her stern swing ronnd — so, and I can reach her from the log. Ah 1 thanks." He was in the boat, and had her hand in his while he looked at her with an expression in his eyes that set her heart beating with a provoking violence that she could have fan cied was visible. " This is jolly," said Hector, settling him - self beside her, and still looking at her with that happy persistence. " Do you know I thought I might find you here, to-day ?" This with a fine disregard of the surprise he had expressed so elaborately a minute be fore. " I thought yon seemed astonished at my being out in the heat but it is cooler on the river than in the house, and I wanted some fish." Jane spoke witb a happy sinile on her lips, but with her eyes carefully bent on her float. " Well, you've got one," as the float bobb ed up and down agitatedly. Let me take in your line. You are lucky ; two fiinefellows by Jove 1" He disengaged the gasping, struggling fish from the hooks, bated them afresh, and whirled the line ont into the water again. ''Yes," he said I hoped I might find you here ; if I hadn't I should have gone to. your house. I wanted to be be the first to tell you my good news." " Good news ! I am very glad," said Jane with swift sympathy. " What is it ?" " I am going away immediately — from Glenfine, I mean." Alas ! for Jane's brief delight i It seemed to her that her heart suddenly stopped still, and for a miserable minute Hector, the shin ing river, the green tree-covered banks — everything seemed to be mixed up in inextri cable confusion. Good news ! and that he should think it so ! There lay the pinch. With a great effort she subdued herself, and managed to speak in her clear, natural tone. "That is sudden, isn't it?" she said, bending over the side of the boat to watch a solemn -faced fish that was floating near the -Surface of the water. . Well, hardly," answered Hector, a little disconcerted by her self-possession. " I've been thinking of it for some time, and now that my opportunity has come I mustn't let it slip." -Jane watched her fish, and Hector watched her, t slightly aggrieved that she had not displayed greater dis turbance. " 1 have had the offer of the management of Killara — New South Wales, you know — with the promise of a partnership at the end of two years. I should be a fool to refuse, shouldn't I ?" . 'New'Soutli Wales!" repeated Jane blankly and Hector's spirits began to revive slight7 at sight of her evident dismay. .-"We shall never see you then." " I shall not be able to come back here for years, I expect," said Hector gaily ; " but — but " he hesitated for a moment, then drawing closer he suddenly slipped his arm about her waist, and poured out with -quite amazing eloquence the story of bis love for lier. Jane trembled from head to foot ; the re vulsion of feeling was almost too great for her. All lier troubles melted into thin air — only lier joy remained. Hector's arm was about her, his eyes were gazing fondly into . hers — what could harm her now? There was for her for a brief min ute, Paradise Heaven ! — whatever be6t expresses . absolute content, ineffable bliss. But only for a brief minute, for before her rose up Marcia 's pale face and anguished eyes — " Promise me, promise me, -Jane," she seemed to be saying. " Will you marry me straight away, my darling ?" Hector murmured. "Itisn.tas if we were desperately fashionable people, who needed to make all sorts of preparations. You can get anything you want in the way of clothes as we pass through Melbourne. Will yo«, Jane ?" " I can't," said Jane, tremulously. " You can't !" H© started aside nsjf he had been struck. "I can't leave Marcia," said Jane despair ingly. ! " She lias her husband ; he can't stay much longer away if he means to return at all." | Heotor spoke with a coldness that chilled Jane to the marrow of her bones. He was grievously angry. " She isn't strong, and he is not so good to her as he should be' said Jane, blushing over the painful revelation. " I mean — he is not considerate for her. I couldn't leave her just yet, Hector. I can't explain, but indeed I could not. You can't guess what her life is." " I -know that her husband -is a bad lot, but I don't see why you should sacrifice youiself and me to him." " It isp't for him — I despise him thorough ly," said Jane desperately. " But, really, it wouldn't be possible for ine to leave Marcia yet, it would simply break ber beart. I am all sbe has to trust to. She looked imploringly in her lover's face. " Oh, you don't know, and I caiCt explain J" she cried. " She ought to be able to trust to her hus band," said Hector, gloomily. " Don't you think yon might consider me a little in the matter ? I must go in a week, and I want to take my wife with me, for God knows when I may be able to return ." "A week! Oh, Hector!" cried Jane, wringing her hands. " I can't leave her so soon as that — don't ask me ! I have promised her to stay with her till she is stronger — or dead." Why, great Heavens !" said Hector, in dignantly, " that may be for your whole life! What a reckless promise! Had you no thought for me ? You can hardly -love me as I love you, or you could never have made such a promise." He withdrew his arm from her waist, and pulling his liat over bis eyes, shrouded himself in deepest gloom. The iron entered into Jane's soul. She watched him silently, white and still, with a bleeding heart. That he could think she did not love him, she, to whom to love "once was to love always, fully, faithfully ! It was as the bitterness of death itself. " Prove your love for me by marrying me before I go," said Hector, watching her eagerly. There was a brief bitter struggle in poor Jane's heart. Must she indeed let her lover go from her-? "I have promised," she heard herself saying to Marcia. Ice-, cold fingers seemed laid on her heart numbing her into "a deceptive composure. On one liapd stood Marcia pleading her pro mise, pointing to her misery, pale, waD, with haggard eyes ; on the other Hector holding out his strong arms to her wherein lay her happiness. ' " Will yon give yourself to me or to her ?" said Hector jealously. He was suffering acutely ; he . felt almost inclined to donbt her capability for loving — she seemed so cold How had he been deceived in this ice-maiden whom he had taken<for a warm, loving human soul? " Qhj. you are cruel, you don't know—" Jane cried. " I can't leave lier yet. It would kill her. And I have promised." "For ber, then." Hector rose, pique and disappointed love gnawing at his heart, stepped out of the boat en to the old log, and stalked up the bank away from hor without another word; He untied his horse, mounted and was lost to 6ight among the trees. (' Concluded .) 