THIE VALLEY OF J)EATH. (From the I?astoralist.) Two men are standing on the bank of a small creek running through barren stony ridges, The heat is intense, the sun is almost vertical, and the scanty motionless leaves of the stunted trees afford scarcely a hands-breadth of shade, thlere is a dull red haze over everything, as though the sun was shining throughl the smoke of a bush fire; and every now and then can be heard a muttered growl, like distant thunder. The men are dressed in rough, clay stained clothes, and are evidently prospec tore. They have boonl inspecting a prospect in a tin dish, obtained by dry-blowing, and after a short silence, the older, a grey headed man, turns away and begins to gather sticks for a fire, his conmpanion leaps into the bed of the gully, and begins fossicking with his sheath-knife at the bottom of a shallow hole. After about half-an-hour he is called by his mate, and the two men sit down to their mid-day meal with a good appetite in spite of the stifling heat. " Well," says the younger man; "what is the order of the day ? " "All depends on tihe weather, my boy," replies his companion; "if the rain comes, we'll shift out here, I think; if it doesn't, we must wait till it does in our old camp, where there's a bit of feed for the horses. "Strikes mo we shlall get it pretty heavy directly I I don't think I ever felt it hotter, and that tlunder is coming nearer by tie sound of it." "Yes, we may as well get back to camp, and make everything taut. If you'll got up the horses, I'll pack up." The younger man picked up hIis bridle and went down tile gully, whilst the elder busied himself with packing up tihe rations, &c.; Once or twice e he stopped and listened intently, as though at some unexpected sound. "Hear anything strange when you were down the creek 2" he demanded of his com panion when he returned with the three horses. " No, not a sound. What did you think you heard ?" "Something like a horse, away up the gully." " One of those big walleroos, I expect," said his mate. They make a great noise in these stony, barren ridges when they're disturbed." "Very likely," was tihe reply, and tile work of saddling and packing up was soon completed. After the manner of bushmoen, both men turned to the dying fire to light their pipes before starting, when an un mistakable noise up tihe gully :aroused thel attention of both. lWhataever it wans, it was round a bend a short distance off, and tlhe cause was invisiblelc. Bothl men mounoted at once and rode up tile gully, tile well trained pack-horse following like a dog. A f~ew minutes solved tile mystery; a hIorse it hobbles vwas picking hIis way dowu thie bed of the gully, slipping and scrambling amongst the rocks. Hlie raised hIis head as the men turned the bend, asd withll a wild whinny of delight came clattering, galloping up to them. " Wihere the dese did you come fromt ?" remarked thle elder man; " you've ihad bad times anyhow." And hie certainly' did look as thouaghl he had been thIrough bad times; his eyes were wild and staring. his:; flanks tucked up until he seemed to Ihave no loins; his feet were cut with the Ihobbles, and he weas poor and sore-backed. But he had a gasme head, with a " never-say-die " look abount it, thlat had evidently stuckl to him well in his struggle through the desert. " Give him a little drink, Ned, and perhaps he'll follow us is," said the elder man. Ned got off, and putting tlhe tin prospect ing dish down, fitlled i twice from the canvas water-bags on tile pack-horse. Tise stranger swallowed it down in two or three mighty swallows, thle other horses looling enviously on at tlhe appropriation. Ned then tookl the hobbles off and mounted again. " Shall we run his tracks back ?" he said. "Too late to-day. He's come a good many miles in those long hobbles; let's get back to camp." The party turned hIomeward, the new comer followving close behiud, as though frightened of getting away from civilised companionship again. The camp was at a small and rapidly decreasing waterhole in a gorge of a minor tributary in the Kimberley. district. Four men in all composed the prospecting party, and they were nearly one lhundred miles away from any main camp. The finding of the lost horse naturally formed the topic of conversation during most part of thie nighlt, and many conjectures were hazarded with regard to his strange appearance, as, so far as was known, the country in the direction he came from was an uuinhabited waste. The two men who had discovered hIim determined to devote two or three days to the solution of thle mystery; so, with fresh horses and well-filled water-bags, they made a start the next morning; the stranger, who had somewhat recovered his natural appearance during the night, not being able to give any clue to his origin, for obvious reasons. Saunders, the elderly man, and his com panion, Ned, reached the gully pretty early in the day, and had little dificulty in fol lowing backIt the track of the strange horse. For the first ten miles it led thlem through rangy country, covered with spinifex, and utterly barren and useless. About two hours before sundown they emerged on tlhe edge of a plateau, from which they Ihad an extensive view to the soutlhward and west ward. At their feet a bread valley ran as far as they could see, widening out into flats and basins as it proceeded. Adown it they coutld trace the course of a river of some size, judging by the heavy dark foliage and whlite trunks of the gum-trees con spicuous over the other scrubby astunted trees. Not a sign of life was to be seen, no smoke from burning country to indicate tie ptresenes of natives; lutter solitudle twas Itho reiguingt characeleristic of the sootne. Both men were silent for some time with the natural taciturnity of the true buslhma, until at last Saunders spoke: "I don't suppose there's any water thlere, or that horse would not ihave been so tucked up; however we can manage for to- night-go ahead." The trail tookls them down a roughl spur, blasted by a bush- fire some weeks old, and then it apparentlyo amo straight from the river. Whoen they reached the bank they pulled up again, and Saunders sug gested that one should keep to the bank while the other followed the track, and if they came across any good feed they could camp for the night. The river was very broad, and fuill of islands and timber; the bed was sand and shingle, perfectly dry, but showing indications of heavy floods sweeping down it at times. Ned went along the back. Saunders followed the track of the horse in the river bed. They had not gone far when Ned heard his companion call to him, and on riding ill the direction, found him at a shal how hole bordered with groen reeds. The horses put down their heads but did not drink. "Salt ?" asked Nod. " I should say so," returned Saunders; " the sea is a fool to it." The strange horse evidently had been delayed some time at the hole, for his tracks were everywhere about the sand. There was a little grass near at hand, and the two moen made up their minds to camp, as it was getting late. When they had unpacked, Saunders took the shovel, and by digging a short distance below the pool at the foot of the bank, ob tained a very fair supply of slightly brackish water, quite good enough for the horses. This relieved the men of all anxiety, and the next morning they started, eager to investigate the new country ahead of them. The river ran steadily soutl-west, and was evidently running towards the interior. There was a little grass on the banks, but beyond it was all spinifox, and the gloomy mountains that bounded the valley were rugged and barren. It seemned evident that tihey must be nearing the goal, as the horse could not Ihave travelled much further in hobbles without water, and they Ihad stuck to hIis tracks closely the whole way. Since leaving thie salt pool there had been no sign of water, not a bird had been visible the whole morning; all was silent and lifeless; some very old marks of blacks' encamp ments were to be seen, but nothing appar ently more recent than a year or two. At noon they camped for a spell, for the heat was intense; and as they waited for their billy to boil they discussed the probabi lity of soon coming to where the horse must have started from. Suddenly there was a moving shadow across the glaring ground, and a'couple of crows alighted on the tree overehead and cunningly regarded the two men. Saunders and Ned lookedintelligently at each other as they marked their visitors; it was evident tlhey were near the end of their journey. When they started again tlhe crows, as is a habit of theirs, followed thlem up, flying from tree to tree, sometimes ahead and sometimes behind. In less than a mile they came upon more horse tracks, two of them going backl, and apparently in hobbles, like that of tile one shey found. At last they reached a camp on the bank of tilse dry river, and half-a-dozen crows flew up from the ground as they rode up. A small tent had been rigged, and the white ashes of an old fire was visible amongst the trodden grass, but all was still, ned it was with a feeling of horror tlhat the two men saw the reason. On thie ground by the dead fire, lay the body of a man, and the feet of another were visible projecting from the tent; the smell was overpowering, but the prospectors, over coming their repugnance, dismounted and examined thie corpses. The man by the fire had been stabbed in several places, and he held a revolver in his hand. The corpse in the tent had been shot twice, and the shieath-knife he still clenched had evidently been the weapon that had inflicted the death wounds on the other; his face was terribly discoloured and bruised, but the other man was not marked. The camp paraphlcernalia were scattered about. A further search revealed a damp- lookling de pression in tlhe river sand; or-digging they found a good supply of fresh water. Evi dently, after the death of their masters, the horses had come in to get a drink, and, nobody being there, had filled up the hole, pawing the sand about, and finally started off to lookl for some. This accounted for the presence of the one found, which had been mlaking back to some familiar camp, but there was no clue to the tragedy of the camp. From their equip ment, tile men were out prospecting; but whether the fatal fight resulted from some long-standing grudge, or was the result of a suddens quarrel, no witness was alive to tell. Saunders hlad a theory of his own, deduced from the position and appearance of the bodies. It was that there had been a quarrel, leading to blows, wherein the man with the bruised face had received a severe thrashling, that hle lhad afterwards stabbed his companion from behind, and been shot by the dying man. No examuination of the camp afforded any other probable reason; there were no witnesses but the dumb horses; so they hastily buried the two foes in one grave, and stowed their effects away preparatory to trackiing up the other two hlorses. They found them some ten miles lower down the river, at a small hole of surface water, they having fared better than their mate who made back to civilisation. But Ned, who was an imaginative youth, woke his companion up that nighlt, saying that he had lhad a bad dream and that next morn ing they must dig the bodies e:p and give them separate graves. On being questioned he said that the man with the stabs had come to him and begged him to do it, say ing he could not rest withl a coward with him, and that hle would come to hlim every night until it was done. Saunders, who did not believe in ghosts, thouglht that per lhaps after all it was more fitting, so hle con seuted, and the two were accordingly given different sepulture. The prospectors returned safely with the Sstrange horses, and althoughl the matter was duly reported, and inquiries made, the names of the dead men never transpired, nor lhas any man ever yet revisited the Valley of Death. Thie British Musenum has bought the splendid prayer-book which the late King of Bavaria, Ludwig II, ordered from Frane Fileschiitz. It is adorned with copies of the decorations of tile fismous so- called " great church tr:'esure." The price paid was 01850. ]For hiyspesiec use Horeford's Acid Phos phate. Dr. H. Il. hyers L.'.II.S., and L.M., 30 Euaton-squsare, London, Euglned, says: "I meu now taking this very plesanut preparation aster omals, I with marked boucfit. It is very useful in dyspepsia nd nervo exhaushion,"--8??S1 