INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE, January 22. Governor Sir Henry Loch, Lady Loch, and family sail for England in March, intending to return in Sep tember. Sir Wm. Robinson of South Australia has been appointed Acting Governor of the Colony, not Sir Frederick Broome, as previously an nounced. A numerous deputation from the Trades Hall Council will wait on the Premier to-morrow, for the purpose of protesting against the decision of the Harbor Trust to import large quanti ties of machinery from England, and urging that the Council should be represented on the Trust. The Commissioners have decided that, although the Exhibition will be formally closed on the 31st instant, it win be opened daily till February 6. Upwards of 10,000 excursionists have arrived in the city within the last week, for the purpose of seeing the Exhibition before it is closed. SYDNEY, January, 22. Both the Free-trade and Protection parties are working extremely hard, in endeavouring to secure suitable can didates for nomination for the ap proaching elections. Candidates are very numerous, and the interest and excitement are intense. The Govern ment has granted a half-holiday on nomination-day and a whole holiday on polling-day. The Editor of the Wentworth Advo cate, has been committed for trial for a malicious libel against Mr. Bolding, Police Magistrate and Coroner. Mr. Fletcher, Minister for Works, has called for a return, showing the number of cast-iron pipes required for the next five years, with a view to permanently establishing a local manufac tory. BRISBANE, January 22. Heavy rains have fallen through out the Colony within the past few days. ADELAIDE, Wednesday. The Port Darwin overland line is still interrupted. £6,000 has been offered the Gov ernment, for the right of advertising for one year on the backs of postage stamps. Similar offers from tradesmen in Melbourne and Sydney will be jointly considered at the Postal Con ference in Melbourne, which sat for the first time on Saturday night. The special excursion train for Melbourne yesterday took six hundred passengers from Adelaide. MELBOURNE, January 23. The Rev. Mr. Fraser's son, who was charged for obtaining money under false pretences, has absconded. The bail has been estreated. A ninety- nine ounce nugget has been found at Jones' Creek Dunolly. Governor Loch is visiting England, owing to ill health. The Exhibition attendance to-day reached 12,000. SYDNEY, January 23. The annual Wesleyan Conference was opened by the Rev. Mr. Caldwell, who has been elected President. A large petition from distressed selec tors has been forwarded to the Minister of Lands, praying that their holdings will not be forfeited. The petitioners state that last year's work brought in no returns. ADELAIDE, January 24. The new Destitute Board has been appointed. Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, & Co. purpose tendering for supplying a half million railway sleepers for the Egyptian Government, the South Australian Forestry Department hav ing stated it can supply that quantity if the contract is secured. This means employment for 300 men for four years. MELBOURNE, January 24. The Premier, in replying to the Harbour Trust deputation, promised to endeavour to cancel the orders given for two dredges costing £50,000, haying both of them manufactured locally. Intense heat has prevailed during the last few days caused chiefly by large bushfires. There is a change to day and rain is falling. Further frauds have been discovered against young Fraser, and fresh war rants have been issued for his arrest. SYDNEY, January 24. Rumours are current, that the Gov ernment intend re-calling Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent General. Active electioneering has fairly com menced. The Freetrade Association are dis tributing 23,000 leaflets, setting forth the advantages of their policy. HOBART, January 25. A fatal drowning accident has occurred at Launceston. Miss Oakden fell over the wharf and H. D. Miller, a solicitor's son, went to her rescue, the result being that both were drowned. The Mitcham hotel has been com pletely burnt. The property was insured. News has been received, that the sale of the Burra mine to an English com pany will be completed on the 13th inst. The R.M.S. Rome has arrived with English mails. The State Bank Commissioners have returned. They have taken much important evidence. 