RUTHERGLEN. (FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) On Saturday last we received the best Christmas-bes or New Year's gift that could have been sent us. It was a steady general rain throughout our district. The benefit derived from this gift can only be properly estimated by those who live here or have travelled through it lately. Tbe fruit which should have been ready for market has been going back for the want of rain. The grapes were also at a standstill, the ground having boecme dry and parched. Fortunately the people in and around the town had the reservoir to fail back on when their tanks became dry. Bush-fires were also doing their share of damage around us. The above wants are now all supplied, which has caused many hearts to rejoice and causes one to alter his opinion concerning the prospects of the new year which we are now face to face with. I must congratulate all who live in our district on entering what has every appearance of being the moat prosperous year the district has ever seen. The largest average of vines and fruit trees in full bearing will yield their crops this year, and if the season is favorable hundreds of acres more will be planted. A number of new cellars are to be built, and many enlarged, which is a healthy sign. The mining industry never looked better for the number of claims working. That plucky party of eight men who placed machinery on and opened up the Great Northern lead deserve all they have got, which is a good dividendpaying claim. The Northern Extended also looks well for a good and long-lasting mine. Other claims are sure to be opened up on this lead this yeor. Brown and Rue's quartz mine, on the Garibaldi line, gave 26oz. from 19 tons, which came from the 100ft. level. This reef has paid well for the last year, and looks fit to depend on for this one. H. Wilson crushed four tonB for lloz. from the Lanarkshire line of reef, which if properly opened up would prove a mine of wealth. Business people are slow to improve their town holdings. The year we have left behind us, however, has been one of town improvements, and judging from the bricks that are stacked and ordered, this year will still further improve. Yet much can be done if worked for. This year the amalgamation of shire and borough, the town drainage, opening of Chiltern road across the line, Viticultural College, the town clock, and the opening of the public library (which building was finished nine months ago) were carried through. Two-and-a-half inches of rain fell from Saturday until Monday morning. (FBOM ANOTHER COBBEBPONDENT.) MONDAY, December 21. A timely downpour of rain has completely altered the aspect of the district. The vineB, which are looking remarkably well considering the extreme season, were just beginning to feel tbe effects of the drought; and now everything is altered. Some of the larger growers estimate that the rain will make a difference of from lO.OOOgal to 16,000gal. of wine in the yield, as, although the crop of grapes was large, the berries were very small. The fall exceeded two inches. 