T0CUMWAL. By "FLNGAI." Since my last the weather has been very changeable. We had 46 points of rain on Monday, which stopped the stripping for two days. Altogether the harvest season looks as if it would be very extended owing to the unseasonable weather. Crops generally will be fully up to the average, and I am glad to say the rust will not be very seriously felt in this district. The low prices offered for grain should clearly show our freetraders that the time has arrived when immediate action should be taken to do something for the tillers of the soil. Wheat is quoted in Sydney at from 3s. Cd. to 4s., barley 3s. 6d. to 4s. per bushel. The cost from here to Sydney for carriage is net Is. ljd. per bushel, bags Ifd. per bushel, making a total of Is. 2Jd. landed in Sydney. Deduct that from the present market value, and you have 2s. 3}d. and 2s 9|d. for medium and bsst quality of grain respectively. I ask any honest man, let him be freetrader or what he may, will that pay the farmer 1 Why they call this freetrade New South Wales I cannot understand. Nothing comes in here free only the articles used by wealthy men, such as carriages, pianos, jewellery, &c.; On the other hand, we have heavy duty on tea, 6ugar, jam, pickles, tobacco, corn beef, salt fish, and a thousand other preserves. On barb wire there is £3 per ton duty; on ordinary fencing wire £1 per ton (this item comes to Victoria free, and is a heavy tax on the New South Wales farmer); corrugated iron £2 per ton; and nails, timber, windows, doors, locks, and every item of building material that selectors require. But this is only in keeping with the general legislation of New South Wales. In reading the Sheep Act I find that the registration fees runs thus:—For one sheep and not exceeding 100, 2s. 6d. $ for 100 sheep and not exceeding 500^ fis.; for 500 and not exceeding 1000, 7s. fid.; and for every additional 1000 sheep, Is. If that is not a squatters act what is? Just fancy 1 A large landowner is allowed to obtain all the land he can raise funds to obtain on any part of his run. Will any sen- Bible man tell me he would take a bad block and leave a good block alongside of it 1 Sir, you know he would not. Why then should the poor man have to pay from £2 to £4, yes and £6 per acre, to the Crown for land no better than the large landowner received from the Crown at £1 per acre. Assuming the selected land to be equally as goc-d why not give it to the fanner at the same price. The fact is it is to enhance the value of the big estates at the expense of the poor man that the Special Area Act was introduced. A meeting of the Roman Catholic Building Committee was held after mass at Tocumwal last week, and on the motion of Mr. Joseph Howard, seconded by Mr. P. A. Dunn, Mr. Squire's tender for building a brick church at Tocnmwal was accepted. The amount of tender was £297 18s. lOd. The secretary was instructed to call for tenders for the purchase of the building now erected on Mr. W- Her.nessy'a land, the building to be removed and the proceeds to go towards the building of the new chapel. The Rev. Father O'Shaughnessy is taking active steps to have suitable buildings erected right through his parish, and I feel certain his efforts will be crowned with success. The 1890 St. Patrick's Sports Committee at Murray Hut has decidcd to hand over their surplus towards tbe erection of the Tocumwal R)man Catholic Church. I hope there will be a big muster. Tbe last St. Patrick's sports held at Murray Hut had a surplus of £18 2s. 10d., which was divided between the Jerilderie Cottage Hospital and the Deniliquin Hospital; tbe surplus of 1887 sports, amounting to £9 4s. 6d., was sent to the dear old land for the evicted tenants' fund, so that there is established au Irish anniversary day at Murray Hut for charitable purposes only. I can hardly express my deep regret to have to chronicle the death of Mr. W. Guilmarten, farmer, Berrigan, which was brought on by working in the heavy rain on November 16. He was endeavouring to finish a stack of hay when the rain set in, and being very heated caught a severe cold, from which he never rallied. It was quite a shock to the district. He leaves a wife and one child to mourn his lose, Widespread sympathy ii felt for Mrs. Guilmarten in her bereavement. I have just been informed that Mr. M. A. P. Taylor, who was keeping the Tocumwal Hotel some time ago, died at Colombo on his way home to visit the old country. Mr. 1 aylor was highly respected during his term amofl* us, and I hope the news of his death may be contradicted. He was only in the prime of life. The Tocumwal race committee hold races on New Year's Day, and a really good programme has been got up by their energetic secretary, Mr. Whiity. If the day be fine the attendance is bound to be numerous. Bushfires are of daily occurrence here. Fires to the north, fires to the Bouth, east and west have been started within this last week. Owing to tbe gra8B being a bit green very little damage has been done, but should a fire break out at the end of the year not only animals in hundreds bnt human life will surely be lost, as in tbe present state of the country it would be impossible for footmen to get clear. A fire broke out on Tuppal yesterday (Sunday) about 1 p.m,, and burnt about 30,000 acres of grass on Tuppal, Coree, Hartwood, and Wonamona stations. It is now nearly under command, but the burning trees are likely to start fresh fires if they are not well watched. The Irish delegates aro to visit Jerilderie on the 23rd of December, and I hope to see a strong contingent from Tocumwal and Berrigan, as the cause is good. 