Legislative Assembly. On resuming at 2.15 p.m , Mr. Barlow con tinued his remarks upon things in general. In the course of hiB speech ho happened to refer to tbo stonewall erected on tho Opposition side of the House. 'That ain't no stonewall,' ejaculated tho membor for Woothakata ; 'it's only abowyah.' The senior member for Ipswioh was silent for a moment, as the unknown word vibrated through his brain. Bow-wow he knew, but bowyah was beyond tho Greek of Jttoaern_ Athens. VVoothakata's pride scoffed at the ignorance of the town whioh ought to have been the capital of tho colony, ami on lightened Mr. Barlow (and the House) that bo w- jah had nothing to do with dogs or asses, but meant a bushfire in Woothakataish. When his intelleot had recovered from the shock conse quent upon so much acquired intelligence, Mr. Barlow inquired whether anyone could say what the eft'eot would be, if an irresistible f oroe came in contact with an immovable objeot. If anyene could, they could also showjwhen the Opposition would give way. He was oontinu ing his parallel, and had got as for as 'if my constituents were dissatisfied with— 'when 'Mr. Bpeaker' waB announced and tKe sitting terminated. Tho Speaker road prayers, and took tho chair at 3 p.m. CAIRNS RAILWAY EXTEN8ION. The Ffeaxeb announced having received a message from the Legislative Counoil agreoiug to tho Cairns Railway plans. CHURCH OF ENGLAND PROPERTY BILL. The Speakeb announoed that the Legislative Council had approvod of this hill. ANN STREET PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ? BILL. The Speaeeb announced that the Legislative Council had approved of this bill. DAY DAWN RAILWAY. The Speaker announced that the Legislative Council bad approved of the plans. Ac, of the Day Dawn Railway. TAROBA IMMIGRANTS. In anHwerto Mr. Tozer, Mr. Maobobsaw stated that 60 single male immigrants arrived in the Turoba, of whom seven were free immigrants. None now remiined in the depot, and there was no official record as to theso men having refused an offer of employment at 16s. per week and rations, but private information had been received to the elfeot that the offer had been mado to the men while coming down the coast. There is no report from the surgeon superintendent as to the general character of the men, and the immigration agent reports that the men appeared to him to be a oleanly, orderly, and eligible lot. MR. HYNE'S QUESTIONS. In the absence of Mr. Hyne, Mr. Tozeb asked whether Mr. Nelson could answer the questions ho had been unable to reply to on the previous day. Mr. Nki90:j replied that plans wore being prepared for the second section of the Mungarr Railway ; that the Bupply of coal already con tracted lor on the Nortlmrn Railway was sufficient for the next six months, and that on October 18 the engineer of the district had been instructed to push on the work ol the Cleveland Bay railway and wharf . 'HANSARD' REPORTS. Mr Tozee raised the question under a matter of privilege, why the spocches delivered before 10 p.m. were not reooided in 'HanBard.' There were some most important speeches, iiiiiuu nuiu uimvoi i^uuigu ill uuuoaLUi After some discussion on the matter, Mr. MACEO3SAN said tha staff of ' Hansard' could not go on for ever without a rest, and he would certainly not cavil at his speeohes not being fully rep- rted. Ho had not Been the day's ' Hansard,' aud thought such matters t-hould not be made too much of. BLEEPING VOTERS. Mr. Mobqak asked for on official ruling as to a matter which arose in the morning, when, - on a division, the tellers for the ayes could only see 11 members voting against the motion, while I he tellers for the uooa made the number 16 There were several forms upon tho benches, but no features were visible, and ho main tained that no one oould say definitely whether those forms wore tho forms of members or not. In any caee they were sleeping, and could not know what they were voting for, even if they were members. He moved the adjournment of the House. , ' . Sir S. W. Oeiitiik said the question was one of 'great importance, and one on which a ruling should certainly bo given. It wa«. a most im portant thing 'that every member should give evidenoe of his wakofulness, when voting, and in Canada was required to stand up in hiB place, while in Groat Britain rarmbers had to walk out of the House. If a| Chairman oould net give a sensible and proper ruling on such a question, then' the Speaker would have fo be kept in his place, until eome mombers went off to sleep, and the matter oould be tisted. Mr. Macbobsah saw no- reaBon why members should not vote lying down just as well as when they wero sitting up. , Messrs. Bablow, Hammon, Tozee, and Dbakb having Bpoken, . . Mr. Hodsxinsds counselled the maintbn ut'ce of the gooi humour which had hitherto characterised tho present fctonewalling, but at the Baino time considered- the Speaker's ruling should be given ©a the point raised' by Mr. Morgan. , After somo further discussion Mr. MoiiOAH,. in reply, regretted that there had: not been an. authoritative ruling given on the matter. The SPEAKaa Baid he was always nilling to. pive his assistance to members who desired it, but regarded the present, instance as ono o£ levity. ' . - i ' . '?? A division was then taken on the motion, for adjournment, which waB negatived by 24to-16. liming the division, Mr. Salkeld Uy down upon a bench, covered up. The tellers for the uyes stated they .could not recognise who the ttreon waB. The Speaker Said it waB th'oird&iy; to ascertain who tho person was. Mr. Drake, one of the, tellers,- went to the pare of the cbiimber, whero Mr. Salkold lay, ord Btatpd he could not see who it was Sir 8. W. Griffith, inquired whether a member waa ' in order iii obscuring his face and: body dnring. a division, and the Speaker' said a member would be out of ordor in doing so purposely. Sir. Morgan, the other teller for the ayos, went to tho prostrato momtwji, and attempted to' uncover his face, 'out stated to , tho Speaker that the member jeBisted, and that he (Mr. Morgan) did not feel justified iu using- 4he- nfceesary-foroe to uncover him.' One of ' tho tellers for the noes (Mr. fhilp) ,then went and removed the covering from Mr.* Salkeld's fobs, and tha division was' deolared^. ?,-??/-? ; . ?:? LOAN ESTlM#pra.--REsijMEribN' ? OF ,) -????'-; ?' ' . COMMITTEE. . , .,?., :i Mr! Maobobban moved,— ' That the -Houso bbouia go into; Committee -0l ? Supply to . c6ni ???-???. ????*'' ? ? ? ? .\jy '-.-.: ?.?-: .ir.v no: „'.?'?? -.r. --Mi ',-, ..... ? . pidcrthorMm estimates, tho ohair to boooon pii-d by -Mr. Palmor .during Mr. Jessop's abBeooo.' ,'K -c ? ' '^:'i ? Mr. 'iozBB eaid that'bofore tho motion was ?put he wished to! tedd'loVtQe Qovernment e»- prosBions uf, opinion on. 'their_aotiona -from tho Melbourne it6?Hf ii»nd S^wwy Morning Eira!4.' ^Pertapn that-wotjld-m^lcejthem- stop to think what tjloy |worodoin£ if .nothing olse would. The.extraots wonld-'sliriw./'thfl Gbvornment bow . publla opinion^ went:.';aijain8t ..them . iu ':.-, the soutlurh ool6nlop,-nnd 'thoy might talto tho'iu cxtraots as foreshadowing what tho publio opinion of Queensland would shortly be if tho Government continued .in'their .present oourse. Hodeniod that tho'Oppoaitio'n had any inten tion of making the Government withdraw the £2,000,000 from the b^nks, or thntrthoydosired to paralyse the industries -, of ,the oolony by hampering public workB, as -tho Government emiBsarios woro Btatir g. Ho urguod that tho Govetcmont bad now between £M,000;00O' aiid £8,000,000 available for pablio works, and ho defied the Colonial Treasurer to...oonlradiot his stiilcinent. ? .'?'.. Mr. Muepiiy logrottod that Mr. Tuze'r could not bring any other arguments in favour of the aotion of the Opposition except those of news papers which wero always known db tho most oi nsorvativo and anti-progressivu in all- Aua-; tralia. He maintained that the Opposition, iby' pandering to newupapors, hud' brought the Pnrliamcnt before tho oolonioa in a position it had never been before. The standpoint from whioh the Opposition looked at the situation was entirely erroneous, and the Govern ment supporters would sit until they wore worn to skeletons rather than give way to that erroneous opinion. As regards the Opposition representing more votes than the Ministerialists, he contended that his side of tho House repre sented every form of industry in tho colony, ?while tho other side represented only, the para sites and bloodsuckers of the oolony. Ha again addressed bimBelt to the constitutional ' aspaot of the ca60, and being again subjeoted to a' good many interruptions, ne sat down. Mr. Baelow referred to the statement that those on tho Opposition side wore the represen tatives of parasites and bloodsuokers, and pointed out that as no more dofiai to informa tion waB given, the remarks applied with equal force to membora on the Government 3ide. as they, too, were representatives of town constitu encies. He repeated his former arguments against the voting of the item iu its present form, and said that a resort to stone walling to prevent it being passed was an absolute necessity. It certainly was a last resource in the Barao way that a revolution in a Stato was a lost resource as a redress for wrong. There was, he said, no desire on the part of the Opposition to oust the Ministry from office, but they were not going to lei them pass a vote in suoh an unconstitutional manner, Mr. Glasbbv replied particularly to' some ot Mr. Murphj'a remarks, and referred to an agitation which was being made in Brisbane to protest against the aotion of the Opposition. Ho wanted to know whether the Government party hod aoy thing to do with this agitation, and whether the gold, bags of the party had been brought into requisition to stir up strife in any of the electorates. He asked whether it was not possible for a conference between re presentatives of 'tho two parties to bring the deadlock to an honourable conplusion, and (suggested as another conrge that the question as to whether the vote had been brought on in a constitutional manner, should be referred to an arbitration in the person of the Chief Justice Sir S. W. GBp-FiTH regretted that there was not suoh a law in force in Queensland as existed in America, whereby proposed attempts to deal with certain matters unconstitutionally oould be referred to on impartial tribunal of tho judges of the State. At the present time their only appeal was to publio opinion, and to that the Opposition could refer with perfeotoon fidence as to the result. Hefelt eonio difficulty in speaking calmly on the subjeot in the face of the arguments and assertions whioh were being j.'arlo by members. One member from the Gowri'-cnt side had actually threatened, and appaic.Jy with the full consent of the acting leader of the Government, that the oountry would bo thrown into most distressing ciroum Btances, if tho Opposition persisted in opposing the million vote. That threat had, however, been heard before, but it did not succeed then, and would not succeed now: The Oppo sition had all along said the vote would give rise to corruption, and already the propaganda of corruption had been begun. Hu hi Id in his hand a ciroular whioh had been sent to a gentloman who was at the last genoral election a. prominent supporter of the parly now in power. The oircular read thuB: 'Enoggera Railway.— Will you kindly attend at the office of ? on Thurday (to morrow) at 11 a.m. to form a deputation to the number for the district, Mr. J. G. Drake, to urge him to -withdraw hiB opposition to tho loan estimates of the Government, as tho Enoggeta Railway is inoluded and appears as first on the list of new railways.' This -was the beginning of the propaganda of' corruption. He know of another eleotorate where pre cisely the same thing was going on, and no doubt the same oourse waB being followed out in other electorates. This was the purpose for' whioh the million vote -was- being put, even be fore the vote was carried. In the faoe'of this it wub not to be wondered at that the Opposi tion objected to the passing of the item, when such a rise was being, made of it before it was voted. A deliberate attempt was being mado to coerce members of the Houso to vote against their conviotionB for fear of losing their seatB. This was a further reason why b» had a. difficulty in speaking calmly on the Bubject. Mr. Pebkihs asked whether the Opposition, were justified in protesting against the item. They could well argue that the Government, having refused to listen to words of wisdom and advice, they might be left to bear what blame would' follow upon the passing of the vote He then made an attaok on the Press, donyinp; that it expressed public opinion, and followed that with a personal attaok upon Sir S. W. Griffith, declaring that all iiis attempts at legislation were abortive; and his profession, the curse of the Houso. Mr.- Pbilp contended that the Government oflered a greater freedom from political im morality in the syBtem they proposed to intro duce in regard to tho million vote than, ever existed before.. Thoy did not put down Q cei tain amount for a. railway, which they knew quite well would not be nearly suffioiont, in the Bamo way as was done in tho 0880 of the £10,00D,0001oan. A-gooddoalhasbeoneaidabout. tho Vat oi 18 railways which it was propoBodtO' construotoutof £l,800|000j,andithaobeen urgedi that all thoso railways oguIu not bemsdo with the monoy. Well, the, reply to that was thatthose railways which could not mode out of the £1,000,000 would' have' to be left out.; Be characterised the disoussion on the constitutional, question as a mere quibble, and urged upon tho Opposition tho necessity of seriously considering: tin question. 'Bio Government had made moro than a fair offer o£ compromise, and a,aontinuanoe 'of the stonewalling would- only -render- the- ultimate deoifcion more diffioultio arrive at. He wouldnot ggruoo to any furthor offers- of- 'a compromise',, and expressed his detcrmtaationVto. stiok to the party and support them, in the standi ? Key had taken, ii it was neoeosary. for hita, to r- op therefor 12 months. One lesson had- beea .taught him as; a northern mombor during' ike lairt ten days, and that was that eight or nine stalwart and : resolute members opujd oome down nest sessioil.'and' threaten to slop-olL busi- ness at the beginning of the session, unless- ti»y, got what thejrconaldo'rcd their just lights. '? Mr. MacfasiaWb eaid' it must bo' apparent to thuGoversmentfromthe oaporienoboltho iastlO days, that tbe Opposition could held out lor an indefinite period. . Ho had been told tiat, so . far, Bsycn menibcra had borno tho bruBi. of the' stonewalline anaj withioreseriio' of, 28-' others, -they covld'keep defesding for moath after montK and year afte^year. The Govemmont party had, undonbtedry, migkf on their side, and Ihpy were; endeavouring; by that power to overrulo the minority, whioh had tight on their Bide. Being on Uib right side ho' hoped tha reasonings of the (Opposition would have, weight and cause the Government id givo way. 1 Mr. BuTLmjec; eaid that a gflod' deal ihad b( en eaid absat tho £10,000,000 loan, the Government iiiboduoing that -being, charged : .with putting down* itoma 'for oertain 'railways ?which T.ers nbtr neaiily, Buflloient. ? Qianting . that Btateiaent .y/an, oorroct, . what was tho position t Conneotea with '.that.1 J»10,000,0.00 ; loan there were no fewbr than Sft railways, including oxtepslons and bianoboafrom existiifg, 'UncBi'snd for; those railways ^3,60.0,000, waB osked. The preacnt'Govornmcnt affirmed that ,64« ws sot BDBtly -Buiaoiont.iap.a yet: they hr:''1..^::1;^:-:''1:1.^.' proBCntod a lidtof half tho number 'of railways and usked only £1,000,000 for their ctmitruo tirn. 'i ?.'?.'' j r ',-, ' ? '-;? p~ Mr.-- UOTJAOtt vjos' opuarjntly one- of ? tho mtmbera to.kecp np the etonewafliug, work ou TrMch he , bad - undoubtedly commenced 'even with the_ Speaker jn1 tho chair!. .Tlioi..nMnJber for Toowong pominenoed'bjc'.ropeUlng' on behalf of' 'his ? 0o/nstiJ;ili'entD,Uwho.--yero,-he- said-, mostly: \ working VmenjT; ? '.the ''ohirge mads by: ,Mr.-NMtirpby- 'thatrthey were -para^itos aid ' bloodsuckers, Mr. Murphy denied that he had' made any sujh oharge, and rose to a point of order,, but us he was- not al lowed to speak . rrnlcss with pormisaion of the member in'posEOSsion of tho ohair, ho had1 tosife down Mr. Unmaolt pointed ont that the mem ber for Barooo hud said; that the monibofs of tho Opposition roprosonteil metropolitan/uuburban, Bed coastal towns, the inhabitants of whioh lived on the producer? in tho oountry,, and they were thuB parasites aud bloodsuckers . Mr. -Murphy warmly interjected, ,' i?our statements are i absolutely untrue,' and to . this Mr. Unmuok, replied tbat r'Hnnsard' would mort liki-ly show abn. was 'right. ThoTpo'woug repri'BontHtivn ih-n, figur»riv«ly speaking, wont for Iliu iid« wln;el'oi tho Ministerial coaoh, and to continue the metaphor smashed it all up to pieoes. He referred to the legal adviser of tho . Government as a man who reminded, him very mnnh of tho timo when he used as a b»y to blow bubbles ft om a day pipe. These bubbles were all right, till thoy wrre touched by a little finger, - then they burst. Tho hon. mombrr in question had brought in two or three logal bubbles which just reoeived the tnuoh of tie little finger of the Leader of tho Opposition, when they burst and went to glory. Having f tiled in legal matters, he then became a finanoior, and in this, Mr. Unmackisaid, Mr. Powers was equally un successful. Ho then prooeeded by a carefully reasoned out speeoh to ;prove that without tho million loan the Government would bo able to got considerably more money than they would use for the next two years. His resuming his seat gace Mr. -Murphy an opportunity to correot Mr. Unmack on the parasitical ques tion. Ho affirmed that he did not refer to the working men of tho colony as parasites or blooi euekers, but referred to the men who lived on the working men. This explanation oallad forth loud laughter from the Opposition. Mr. Powers then got up to reply to Mr. Unmaok's strictures, and showed that both the Leader of the Opposition and Mr. Tozor had complimented him on his Supreme Court Bill, which had not gone to glory, but waB simply delayed on account of the stonewalling. He then gave further proof that while figures cannot lie they can be made to prove anything, and conclu sively proved' from his own standpoint that Mr. Unmuok's contentions were wrong, and based on false premises. The wording of the Consti tution Act seemed also capable of a good deal of twisting, because he made it' to prove exactly opposito to the contentions of the Opposition. It waB an unhappy inspiration of the member .for Toowong to attaok the pet child of the bud ding legai luminary, whose bosom envelopes theblook wisdom of the lnoky Burrum, that solitary nonstituenoy whioh roturned a neophyte in the ono session, and in the follow ing one discovered him maohined into a Minister of the Crown; To show that, even if his infant of legal reform had been evolved from laok of knowledge and Buokled upon ill-induoed . vanity, he was an authority on constitutional 'politics, he poggod away for half-an-horm at the same old justification wheeze, and wound up .by adding one more carrot to the bunch. The metaphorical mule at present in the shape of the loaveB and fishes is to be tiokled- into acquies cence. By tbe time the two million has been agreed to, the Ministry will have held out sumV oient carrots to the Opposition to run a green grocery in the BevereBt drought season the colony ever experienced. Mr. M'MaBter. followed, not to presume combatting the dizzling brilliinoy of a national Minister, but to tilt a lance atone X)f the smaller fry— Mr. Murphy of Barooo ? who -with shearing tribulations in his mind's eye has been supplementing hiB parliamentary labours by frantio efforts to get oomfortably f eated upon that very useful plank at election times known as the ' wurruking ' man's ? ad vocate. Mr. -Drake then prooeoded to throw off a little trouble from his ohest, brought into existence by a oiroular evolved from the brainpan of some syndicate of Einful Bohemers suggesting that he and all his influential belongings should Tvholus bolus rat to the present Government in order that the oleototate might secure a pet railway of its own. This headed the scheduled list of the famous 16, .end he demanded- thn flattening out of the rebellious railway oabBl,by a straight out declaration from the Ministry that the line in question was not the first in. order of oon struction in the Government eye. - Even to secure a M'Callum Park on their side the Gov ernment were ecarcely prepared- to treat Enog geia to tueh a slice of the unconstitutional pie. So uf ter the chairman, replaced by Mr. Palmer, had suoceeded in sajing, ' AEy gay andfestivo stonewall masons, good night,1' tho Minister for Mines promptly took the floor to let1 tho world know that nothing was- furthor from, his. intontions than to spend a full half of the eluntio million for the benefit of a body of elec tors who had shown them such soant appreoia tion of his and his colleagues' morality, at the labt general eleotion. His energies then were devoted to the congenial task of oasuistioal oon ilii-t with the level-headedneBB of the Leader of tbe Opposition, and from, that he mado an attaok unworthy of himself, or any member, in fact, upon editors and their code of ethics, winding up hiB oration by the interesting in formation that he was ofi to hide his head under the sheets. The god Morpheus no di ubt dealt very gingeily with him in his repose, for Ms own editorial experiences seem to have loft such an awful host of nightmares in his perioranium that to allow any more to steal in miglit perchance- jeopardise the whole vepsol. The champion of kanakas,, chosen by. Maokay., is a man of emulation. When tho OpnoBition Bay *? Wo ' are- the genuine friends of labour,' it gleaseth him, hands uplifted heavenward, to cry outj 'Xo gndsl What are weF National, Cod-; line are tbe. working man's friends, tot Liberal ' Bhorta.'.; So with stonewalling. . Tho. Opposi tion deolaio for that delectable pastime, and he immediately follows. She fiscal poliay, Op position iniquities, the Xtopiari oatish ' phraBe' of railways for tbo benefit of the masses, ooou pied'Mr. Dalrymple for a while, whilst ' oloao, upon midnight ho gore way for the Liberal member for Foititude Valley,, this, gentleman, in vuin effort, tried to ascertain ! whore i'1 the friendtlip to thp working men oaiao in, when tiey had 7J ' per oent clapped, on '' to their shoulders, whilst, numbers fattened -oj-on. 100 per pent inoroOBVto their em'ollninents, The only answer to this poeor reaolyaiJ itself into a soft impeochmont horn the Postmaster- 0e£eral that Homo of the Opposition talent was. very dtarly paid for ai £300' per' aittum, and could 'oe Tery 'well ^ dispensed with. Here was the aamo old Btorj— a . justification of a visible wrong by the1 example of anQtKor imaginary qso'. It was a fitting momeab..to, adjouin, and. tie committee-retired into recess until 1.30 a.m. On reBnmiag* Hr.-M'Maater again- took up iho weary 'nork of talking/ outthe night, and had hardly . broken into tha^xeminiBoesnes of his ? joutbful da-u on the earatss of -tha ,Dako of Argyll, -whaa; the Paul cfiljeiohhardt attempted to 'jump ,'Bisropat. Tiisboinir snooesstnlly resistea, the mombor -waxod Valiant,'' and' he descantei -with :)'natinal modesty-1 upon' tho prowess.' oi, the .SpotcJl. and Irish in ' winning battleB&i; tte -English.^ This -was not 'to' oe.' stomached by tho ?sanquishod momhor fps- LeiohHardi, who pMU smarted nn'der1' defeat So sat; content wiih ., aoreaming, in, dltototoa, that Eigland had. done^her'abarebf glory on tho -water, he rost,io apoint of order, ahd'viijtli nvujh' bowing of Ibody wanted to know.whothpr ax., Australian Parliament should disoiits tho vospcotiye alaCJiky with which English,'Sootoh, , and Irish could strike lor homo instead of f.ountry in tho hour of battle. ThePoBtEaaBt'er Conoral had ia appease tho manes of thoangnv) Bed Anglicised Paul, and without taiing^tte' ruling, iho chairman lsunobadforthaEain., XAis .glorifacatJon. r)f Sootia'and her*Bons\l'6's''hiB' theme, and- when hifl, oloquouco had panne J, outhe moved that tie Chairman' leave the chair.' This, on a division, was defeated' by a majority of 13. . Mr. Bayers 'noxt u'old' the' Bon&e;,!nnd,waanot:lohg.:upon hia- foot* before ? ho entangled, himself in a cae-sided quarrel : wilhitho blue- bloodod;pilrer3Biinbs,ou aobdvliab ?'? of their partiality lor. pouinfi as working -mon's' ohampionB-whonaotrongorfarliulityttJmulatcd^ their;eniplbjmont ofkapAka^bini. Tho one,. ?.sididneBflbf tbo'quarrdlVasowmg'W'jSo Saai that tho membfr^o'sti^rUouhulyintoroHtMii- ' the mcmbtrforBarobp-^was it peaceful 'dtunDeiv .'h.i9.d!^»!y'^Bt.^l6p(d^%5!!»^jWWSn19i :r:,'t! r' ?;?:. r,.i,. ? : n .-.? jf.-.j-l ,-jin'.i:-'i-/ .' . ?-. : , ' .? : ?'. JU :\\)y:'!.r.. J,,-'-i«)-iV.' :,(... ..-J ..:.?'. : ,,-)/;,.'..:.?.?': Jlii.- tho shirlaleovo ' push.' It w'fiiild bo dKHoiilt to hold on long( under enoh voirpumatanooB|) bo- / -he member for phartorp .To worn ohanged; hifl theme iwith uudignifiod abruptness to tho , eorvant girl question. Under ordinary circum- ' btances |his, at any ruto, would hare' Boourod tbo attention of the House, and Borne of the more eusceptible members might have been inspirited into lively debate. . However, nought but the melody of sleep, ro-ephoud tho ' ' honourablp mombor'n oloquonoo until, drivett'''.' ' into exasperation; he moved that the Chairmin ; ',,'.' - report no progress'. Little 'more was done* by,. ' ... - tiia move . than; tp drive pcaooful slumbers front' 'l the posseesion of ' that handsome old gontle-, ( '.',?} man', the sergeant- at- armB, and onoe, again.' dreary deolamation disturbed . departing night. ' ; . . [Accompanied by that Bomnoiontmusio satiri-' ' '- 'cally dosoribod bs tho song .voioe of Bootoh nightingales, Mr. flayers -bore- heavilyj'on, ' ? occasionally ? akirnuahrag with i the. ;bo1o ? awakened power- of the National party. 'For ? perhaps '[the firot tiine;inhla life,' Sla.m./say ,, Mr. Paul with the fpll weight of the repra tontution of tho Goveromonc upon his-' sleepy - 'atoms. '. JUr. DonaldBon had been soizdr] 'by ;.;. ?' SomuTie. ' Mr. Nelson's understandings had ' . happily removed him outside the strident tones ' ' of the member who held the floor, and the fol lowing in its entirety alopt. This position was. quite too foreign to Mr.Paul to be maintained for ? ? ' any length of time, so' sleep, invited by hU; recumbent position, overoame him, and had-it-: '?'? '?' 'hoc been for the timely appoaranoo'iu tho , , c-hi-mbe* of tho junior membor for South Bris bane thcr voice of tho great National patty '?'?'„? would have been unable to rise abovs ' ' fipnsmodib BnoreB. Stonewalling evidently disagrees with thedigobtionofNationaldignity. Bj 3.30 a.m., the pig driving beoame suoh a disturbing eltment of debute that Mr. Sayora had fain to seek Buoh relief asadivioion affords. : ' The motion that no progress be reported was defeated by a majority present in a degenerate flesh, but goodness koows whore in roasonublo mind. Then Mr. M'MaBter onoe again voiced bis opinions upon anything and everything ,: until an adjournment for an hour and a-half at i p.m.,- gave a woloome relief to those who looked on and wondered how far tho folly of humanity can stretch. On resuming, the scent of the morning air had apparently invigo rated members who shono as debaters in the grasp of sleep throughout the night. Matters livened up, and a little ' jhofco ' in a diviaionto vote the Chairman from the ohair, which wit nessed the temporary burial behind the oross benohesof the worthy member' for Rosewood 8orub, necessitated a second oouht. The early birds who exist by catching the worms shortly afterwards began to drop in, and their crisp appearance and matntinal smiles presented a pleasant contrast to those who had smiled -? in the eleotrio light, and who itwakoned on thetiroBsbenohes, cross. The voice of Mr. Salkeld hudnotbeen particularly prominent dur- ? ing the night, so at 6 a m. he Btepped into the breach, and ploughed over the worn-out track, in thn hope of striking: a few livo worms. They were( not forthcoming,' and after an half lour's plaoid loquaoity the member for War wick, invigorated by his ablutional devotions, took up I he running. The tone of the proceed ings wsb almost immediately changed. An . ' ' expressed suBpioion that the obstinaoy of tha ? Qovernm'eiitwouldleadtotheretardingofpublla ? business, and the naming of the Postmaster- ? General as a delinquent'in this respect, incited i the latter to keep up a crossfire of ejaculation! ! which resolved into a lively pissage of words ? lontherespeotive qualities of, the post and the- '. . : Press. At its conclusion Mr. 'Morgan suggested I the PoBtmaBteriQenerai should adjourn for ' repairs, and this happy thought struok tha ., Chairman with Buohforoe, that at 7 o'olook he adjourned until 9.30 a.m., evidence that the required repairs were more extensive than. ...??? might be supposed. , ,: 1 