'LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (ni ELECTRIC TiLEmAPH.ii.) (Feo031 OUR IELBOURNE CORIESProsiDE:ii . EIsr.nOURRE, Monday evening. There was splendid weather to- dav for the cricket match. The seconul innings of Victoria was concluded for 163 runs, leaving New South Wales only 77 toget to win. Of the required number,; 28 was contributed with the loss of one- wicket. . Bannerman was bowled by Bruce for 1 ; Richardson is not out with 5, and Moscs has 19 to his credit, not out.. The ga~ne will be continued to-morrow, with victory as a certain result for New South Wales. The Premier indl other Ministers entertained the delegates of the Mcdi cal Congress at luncheon on board the Nelson down the bay. The Secretary for Agriculture has received a report from the Department of Agriculture, England, in which it is stated that scarlet- fever is another disease not communicated through the medium of milk. Seven cases of typhoid fever, four being fatal, were reported to the Ce?? tral Board of Headth to-day. The Chief Commissioner has called for a report from the Medical Superin tendent upon the management of the police hospital. Tenders for the purchase of coal screenings wereopened by the Rl•il"rr Department to- dlay and referred for report. The tender of R. Daly and Co., Hawthorn, has been accepted for the construction of the Scarsdale and Lin. tons line; witlh red-gum, £52,255; other timber, £51,678. One tender will he selected. BRisnxn:e, Monday. A large fire occurred this imonin, at Campbell's soap factory at Bomel HIills, which totally destroyed a wooden building covering a c rlider. able area. The place Iburnt verh rapidly. The damage is estinmated at £3000. The insurance amounted to £2000 with the New Zealand Coim pany and covers the building, stock and plant. Two other fires occra-d in Southl Brisbane yesterday which in volved insurances exceeding £2000 in various offices. The losses, however are estimated at £-1000. Admird Fairfax from N?- Zen/sanc l has cabsled to Lieutenant Richard:, commanding the Qucensland 'aun- Ir ut Palumah, instructing hinm to procel with his vessel to Sydnev. The Queensland Government not havin, been consulted oblject to allow the gun-boat to leave the colony. The Palumah has hitherto been used ir,: the purpose of surveying the coast in Queensland, but that colony shares half the cost of the work. ScDse, M[onnday. Very hot weatlher prevails through out time colony. Serious bushfir, s are raging in the Blue Mountains, and tle country from IMossvale to Mlittagong ii enveloped in smoke. ThenewMinistry is not yet decinitelk announced but it is stated that the following will be its personnel, viz: Messrs. Dibbs, Garvan, Copeland. Lyne, Fletcher, Slattery, Clarke, Bar ton, and Abbot or Chanter. Best lucerne, L3 15s to L :is : other kinds firm at L2 1Os; chaif, Victori:u, L6 to L7 10s; Adelaide, L7 to L7 s15 Potatoes, hRiver lines, LII to LEi Oats, feeding only in demand, 3s Gd it 4s ; milling, nominal to 4s 2d. Onios. Hunter river sorts; L10. 