DARGO. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT). Monday. Dargo is beginning to put on its coat of green again, for we are having splendid showers of rain, and they are such nice gentle showers that it is barely possible to coceive the difference in the appearance of the country in so short a space of time. Four weekes ago we were surrounded with bushfires in every direction, almost like the account one reads of the last days of Pompii, and had it not been for the almost super- human exertions put forth by the energetic young men of this district in the way of fighting and keeping back the fires, I feel certain that there would have been great losses. Now the country looks more like flood than fires, but such is Australia, bush fires one month, and floods the next. Still the change from fire to water is a pleasant one and it is to be hoped that these splendid showers are visiting all parts of the country. The hop crops on Dargo look very well, and it is expected that the hope will bring a good price this year If so the hop industry will be established at Dargo. The growers are deserving of success for it is an industry that requires great attention. In regard to the races that came off on New Year's Day, I hardly know what to say. I certainly can't call them a success from a racing point of view. I give them in detail :- Maiden Plate of 5 sovs, with sweepstake of 5s to go to second horse.-P. M. Coloe's g g Robin, 5 yrs (Jones), 1 ; A. Du an's b m Maud, aged, 2. Won all the way. J. Cowall's b g Star, and J. B. Curry's Bees- wing also started. Dargo Handicap, a sweep of £I, with £21 added.- M. Mackintosh's b g Pride of the Hills, 10st 4lb (Maxwell), 1 ; J. Connolly's ch g Rufus, 7st (Jones), carried 18lbs over, 2. Hurdle Race, a sweep of 12s, with £12 12s added. This race was a walkover for Rufus, the owner of the other mare nomi- nated being four minutes late with his acceptance. District Purse, a sweep of 10s with £10 added, weights not less than Sst.-M. Mackintosh's Pride of the Hills (Morgan , 1 ; J. Connolly's Post Boy (Jones), 2; W. Flannagan's Botherem (Flannagan), 3. D. Long's Gay Lad also started. Pony Race, for ponies 14 hands and under, a sweep of 5s with £5 added, weight not less than 7st.-P. M. Colos's b g Riddle (Jones), 1 ; D. Long's pb. Puzzle (Flannagan). 2 ; J. Cowell's blk m Lubia (Maguire), 3. W. Riley's Sandy also started. A hit of sensa- tion was caused when measuring Riddle. He was found to be 1¼in. over height. The owner of the second horse informed the stewards that as the winner had won at the Crooked River the week before and was not disqualified, that he did not intend to enter a protest. The owner of the third pony wanted to enter a protest, but was informed that he could not do so, as the judge had declared Riddle the winner. Consolation stakes of 7 sovs, a handicap to be framed by the stewards -J. Connolly's b g Post Boy (Jones), 8st 6lb, 1 ; W. Flan- nagan's b h Botherem; 8st 4lb, (carried 14lb overweight) (Conley), 2; A. Dugan's b m Maud, 8st, 3. The only race of the day Botherem led all the way till entering the straight, when Post Boy came up and raced level till within a length of the post, when the old gelding got a little the best of a good trial. On NewYear's eve there were some heavy showers of rain, and it looked as though we should have a wet day for the races, but the dowpour stopped and we had a splen- did day throughout for the racing sports, and only for the mistakes that were made in not sending it the nominations and paying up acceptances in time, we should have had very good races. It is cutting things pretty fine when a horse is disqualified for being four minutes late, but, I suppose it is jus- tice. Still I think rules should be a little more elastic, when the horse has to be travelled over such rough country as there is in this part of the world. The stewards were not so strict when they measured the alleged ponies. I think if they could bend in one case, they should not have been stiff in the other, for I think it is the duty of stewards to see justice done to all parties, or as near so may be. Mr W. J. Irwin has gone up to the Bir- regun mine, rumour says with a view to start- ing again. We will soon know, as Mr Irwin is expected to give it another trial, and had he have been allotted anything likes reason- able amount out of the prospecting vote, we might fairly look for something. I advo- cated the granting of the thousand pounds that were asked for, and to which I think he was fully entitled. The board allotted him less than half the amount he asked for, and then the departmenst cut it down till it is worth very little. This is the way the mining vote is parceled out. Mr Irwin spent more than £10,000 in this district in prospecting, principally at the Birregun mine, he puts in an application for a £1000 of the prospectitg vote, and gets £240. Other men get as much that have barely spents shilling of their own money. I don't think this is the way to let capitalists to in- vest their money in mining. A public meeting was held on Saturday at Coloe's Bridge Hotel, Mr W. H. Morgan, M.M.B., in the chair, for the purpese of organising some athletic sports for Easter Monday next. The following resolutions were carried:- Moved by Mr G. Traill, seconded by Mr D. Long, that Mr Thos. Connolly be ap- pointed secretary and treasurer. Mored by G. Traill, seconded by Mr D. Long, that Messrs Thos; Cahill, Jas, Con- nolly, Jno. Connolly, A. J. Houston, Jas. Kinley, W. H. Morgan, and A. C. Traill senr., he appointed the committee for the Dargo athletic club. Moved by Sir John Connnolly, seconded by Mr G. Traill, that subscription lists be drawn out and distributed throughout the district. Moved by Mr Jas. Kinley, seconded by Mr W. Riley, that the sports be open to all comers. Moved by Mr G. Traill, seconded by Mr J. Kinley, that the sports take place on Easter Monday, April 22nd. Moved by Mr Jas. Kinley, seconded by Mr O. Smith, junr., that the committee be authorised to engage the Dargo mechanics' institute building for the purpose of having a ball on the evening of Easter Monday. The meeting then closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. 