Lismore. Friday. THE leading features of New Year's Day in Lismore were the rain and the contest for miscellaneous prizes by the members of the local rifle club. The latter is now looked upon as an annual event, this being its fourth year, and the former seeking to march in concert, for this is the second year in succession that the rain has "kept step" with the rifle club in its New Year's celebration. Such a rain has not been seen in this district for many a day. The guage indicated 75 points on Old Year's Day, and now it overflows with several inches. Every tank and dam is full, except that on the roadside by the bridge which is "a thing of yesterday." The rifle club had, notwithstanding the mois- ture, a most successful day's shooting, and the contest afforded pleasant enter- tainment to a considerable gathering of the general public. The members of the club look forward to this competition as an annual event, an event which doubt less tend greatly to the popularity of the club, and to the promotion of much good feeling amongst the members. This will be understood when it is stated that there are now upwards of forty on the roll. The success of these gatherings is greatly due to the liberality of ladies and gentle- men of the district and elsewhere, in forwarding prizes for competition. A glance at the accompanying list will show that the prizes this year are numerous and valuable. The various donors, one and all, may rest assured that their contributions are highly valued, and that the object aimed at by the committee of the club in organising these contests is one worthy of support and encouragement, viz.—"A pleasant holiday for a large number of men who would otherwise he without amuse- ment on New Year's Day, and the further- ance of the objects of the Victorian Rifle Clubs, viz.—To promote a know- ledge of the rifle on account of its practical national utility, to assist in making rifle-shooting a national pastime, and to foster patriotic determination amongst the members to defend their country in case of need." The bugle sounded "commence fire" at 9:3O a.m., and from that hour until 7 p.m. the shooting continued without cessation, ex- cept for an hour in the afternoon during the heaviest of the rain. Each of the 24 competitors fired 40 rounds of " free am- munition" for his "Government returns," and thus all became efficient members of the club. The target used was what is termed " Government target", which must be borne in mind in calculating the scores. The members and their friends were kindly entertained at the manse to a substantial afternoon tea by Mrs. Smith Mrs. P. S. Lang and Miss Maude Currie. To wind up the day's proceedings, the whole company adjourned to the verandah of Mrs. Chas. Taylor's store ; and there the various marksmen selected their prizes in order of merit according to the accompanying scoring sheet. In the regretted absence of the president, Mr P. S. Lang addressed the meeting. He congratulated the club on a pleasant and profitable day's shooting, and on the freedom from accident of any kind. He referred to the generous and liberal dona- tions in the shape of prizes, dwelling particularly on those contributed by non- members of the club, including the four valuable volumes, "Beetons Encyclo- paedia" from Mr. S. Mullen, of Mel- bourne ; the riding saddle from Mr. R. Chirnside, of Carranballac ; the money prizes from Mr. W. A. Taylor, Mr. A. L Drysdale, and Messrs. Manifold ; and last, not least, the various contributions from the Camperdown friends of the club. He congratulated Mr. Wm. M'Dowell on being the highest scorer, and expressed the pleasure felt by all present at the good luck which attended him on New Year's Day, in contrast with the misfortunes which overtook his family in the bushfires on Christmas Day. He expressed the pleasure of the older members of the club at the recent large accession to their numbers, including the respective minister of the parish, and he called for three hearty cheers for all the ladies and gentlemen he had named. The Rev. Mr. Smith followed with suitable new year wishes and congratulations, and the National Anthem having been sung, in accordance with the established custom of the club, the company broke up at 8 o'clock, some to find their way home, others to try to do so without success, owing to the intense darkness of the night and the torrents of rain, and the majority to adjourn to the bachelor's ball in the Mechanics' Institute. The follow- ing are the particulars of prizetakers, awards, donors of prizes, and total scores :— W. M'Dowall, Beeton's Encyclopedia (presented by Mr. S. Mullen), 108. P. S. Lang, riding saddle (Mr. R. Chirn- side), 96. D. Oman, photograph album (Mrs. J. Cedric Currie), 95. W. Taylor, snaffle bridle (Mr. P. S. Lang), 91. J. Taylor, cheque £1 1s (Struan estate), 86. F. Weber, hunting whip (Mr. W. A. Lang), 82. W. T. Boyd, cheque £1 (Mr. A. L. Drys- dale), 81. T. Campbell, one sovereign (Mr. W. A. Taylor), 75. A. Jones, pair chrome lithographs (Messrs. Stevenson and Henderson), 73. R. M'Kenzie, driving whip (Mr. J. Lang Currie, junr.), 69. J. Maconachie, silver-mounted pipe, (Mr. W. Down), 64. W. Lang, ammunition bag (Mr. James Gardner), 59. J. G. Mack, pair of spurs (Mr. A. C. M'Qualter), 57. R. Batty, washing tub and pair of flat irons (Mr. I. Harrison), 56. W. Drinnan, fret-work bracket (Mr. F. Webber), 55. W. Lee, sucking pig (Mr. T. Dodds), 50. Chas. Taylor, "Leisure Hour" (Mr. J. L. Currie), 48. A. Skene, Smiles' Thrift (Mr. J. L. Currie), 43. J. M'Dowall, Cassell's Magazine (Mr. J. L. Currie), 43. C. Skene, Discoveries of 19th Century (Mr. H. A. King), 43. Rev. A. C. Smith, sucking pig (Mr. W. Oman), 35. W. H. Caddy, hair brush and comb (Mr. Peterson), 23. W. Oman, junr., fat sheep (Mr. J. Mack), 14. W. Oman, senr., bottle of "Glen Garry" whiskey (Mr. M. Neylon) 12. RANGE PRIZES. 200 yards—W. M'Dowall, fat sheep, (Mr. W. H. Caddy), 30. 300 yards—A. Jones, fat sheep (Mr. J. Mack), 30. 500 yards—P. S. Lang, pair fat hens (Rev. A. C. Smith), 30. 6OO yards—W. T. Boyd, 1lb tobacco (Mrs. Chas. Taylor), 33. 