h e ortIand lual dian , ESTA.BLIST-ED 1842.) With which is incorporated lte ~ortland %ttirror. t \---o-- Published Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday Evening. FRIDAY, JUNE 7, 1839. A Terrible Catastrophe. t DuaRso the past few days cable messages have been published in this paper regard- t ing a terrible catastrophe by flood that e has occurred at Johnstown, Virginia, , United States of America. It appears that a freshet came down in so sudden a manner and with such unparalleled violence that it is estimated no less than 10,000 persons were drowned, while the monetory lose is almost incalculable. t But the horrors of the occurrence did not t end with the flood; to add to the fright- I full sequences of the situation a vast amount of debris which floated down against the largest bridge in the town I took fire and numbers of bodies-it is impossible to say how many-were incinerated. But this latter occurrence, terrible as it may seem, was a partial mercy, for a late cable states that the atmosphere is laden with the unhealty odours of the putrid and deoaying bodies, nod it is not unnaturally fsared that Ihe contamination of the atmosphere thus created will breed a pestilence that will still further increise the terrible mor tality. The extent of the calamity can scarcely be realised until one comes to reflect upon it. For the sake of compari son let us suppose a community five times larger than that of Portland sudden'y engulphed by a rushing and roaring deluge that came so suddenly and so powerfully that no avenue of escape was left open to the miserable beings who were thus destroyed. The rich and the poor man, the fleet of foot and the cripple. were all on an equality as far as escape from the relentless destroying elemeqt was con cerned. The scene of terror and con fusion that would be presented in that awful time is beyond human conception and once seen could never be forgotten. The universal deluge could scarcely be more appalling to the unhappy beings who peovotped the wrath of the Almighty beyond endurance than was the flood that we hear has swept away a whole community to the hapless victims, for to them it was a matter of no avail that the calamity was simply local even if at such a time such reflec tions were indulged in. The first impulse was probably to rush from the jaws of the foaming flood, the next whither should they fly. Almost as quick as their thoughts the destroyer would be upon them and then-oblivious to anght in this world. What agonising scenes transpired in the terrible time none can tell, although prob. ably there will be a sufficiently numerous list of pathetic incidents to relate by those who uere out of the radius of the flood but near enough to witness many of its phases, and in the hands of the graphic American writer it may be safely allowed that no tragic details will be allowed to slip. The preacbers from their pulpits will draw spiritual lessons from the occurrence, while fanaticism will probably attribute it to a divine judgment and endeavor to persuade their hearers that Johnstown, a name scarcely ever heard in these Australian parts and probably in few others outside the United States, was one of the Sodoms of the present day. In connection with this terrible calam ity, a reflection that strikes most who take an interest it current events comas with redoubled force, viz., that from some cause everything in America seems to happen on a stupendous scale. Were this so only in matters for which man is responsible it would be sufficient to make the peculiarity noticeable, but at seems to prevail in the economy of Nature as well. The works of the Americana in the iqdue trial department are always distinguished by their ponderosity and tmagnitude; their tragedies are nothing if they do not appal by their atrocity and sensational character; in sport if they have not the highest records they make them; in fact even in the human failing which we mildly call exaggeration the American is by universal consent al lowed to take the belt. Then so that there shall be no incongruities Nature has here her most majestic works. America's lakes are seas, her rivers are measured by thousands of miles, and her mountains Fierce the clouds. Where we have gales this wonderful country has tornadoes and cyclones, our bush. fires are big, but they rarely sweep whole communities away in a breath so to speak, and. as we have a terrible example of now, in ' a flood they there have deluges.u o ,ly destroying property and human lip. The American himself seems to be formed on the same plan, probably due to the as sociations in which he has been born and roared. He deprecates most things that peopla of other countries view with astonielshment, calls the Atlantic a herring pond, and generally belittles everything with more or less sincerity. Truly the stors and stripes fly over a strange people and a strange land, which form ample food for thoughtful reflection. 