fhtMtc institutions. BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S FUND. -' ' For s -me years past there has been an annual crisis in connection with the above fund, which was known at first 'as the 'October fever.' Towards the close of each year a dread of failure resulted in urgent special appeals for money, in the secular press, from the pulpit of the friends of the fund, and from the platforms of public, meetings, to which, however, the public steadily refused to go. In various ways the fever was worked up to a certain point, at which ' '- the public begun to give. This crisis, however, appeared about one ? month late each year until last year, the fever that should have been in October, 1880, did not put in appearance until January or February. 1887\. ' ' :- When the financial year closed, the outlook for the following year was not promising. The balance carried forward was never so small, the demands oh the fund never so large. Subscriptions came in - slowly, and very reluctantly a policy of retrenchment was adopted. The announcement of this policy was followed by a long continued drought, with consequent bush-fires and failures of crops in agricul tural, and of grass in grazing districts, and by a diminished yield of gold in mining districts. '',''' No wonder then that the end of the present financial year is looked- 1 forward to with anxiety by many who are depending on this fund for the only certain parts of their income. It is satisfactory to learn that the church collections show a sub stantial increase — that the parochial contributions are promising — that on the 31st December a sum of nearly £1000 in advance of last year, at a corresponding date, had been received at the registry. While, however, there is great cause for thankfulness, there is no room for undue confidence. Many parishes have not yet sent their contributions, and on these parishes it will largely depend whether the proposed reductions will have to be made or not. There is no reason to suppose that they -will not do, at least, as well as in former years. Several parishes have already done much better. -H. George's, Malvern, last year contributed £115, this year over £530 has already been paid in ; this is the result of an offer made by a .leading parishioner, A. E. Clarke, Esq., to contribute £300, provided the parish raised £200, which was readily done. St. Columb's. Hawthorn, last year contributed £36, this year already £180 has been received. ~ The household card system was adopted for the first time, arid was followed by the earnest work of the ladies of ^ the ' Flower Mission,' with the above noble result. It is to be hoped that this portion of diocesan work will be more evenly distvi'.utid in the coming year— that systematic work will be done in all parishes, and that in future annual ' fevers ' may be unnecessary. » ? -~' 