The election of a Protectionist Legislative Assembly in New South Wales, which now seems to be assured will enable Mr Gillies and his colleagues to frame their election cam- paign programme upon a more Protectionist basis than would have been wise had New South Wales remained pledged to a Freetrade policy, for it is a fact frequently forgotten, that, although the colonies are not federated by law they are by community of interests of a commercial character, and these have to be taken into account by any legislators occupy- ing the position of Ministers of the Crown. Consequently, while New South Wales ab- jured Protection as a policy (although she has practised a good deal of it without making a merit of it) it was an aggressive act for Vic- toria to increase her stock tax, as being an impost more largely affecting New South Wales than any other neighbour. But now that New South Wales is about to admit that each colony must, in Scriptural faishion, pro- vide for the people of its own households, leaving other parent states to do the same, Victoria can, with all the approval which imitation of its actions by New South Wales affords, increase its stock tax upon the lines of discriminating values suggested by Mr McLean, one of the members for Gippsland. Such increase will not, we believe, benefit any class in the community except so far as it shares in the beneficial expenditure of taxes collected by the State, but it would be a logi- cal addendum to the tariff of the colony and will please a number of electors who have made a cry for this increased stock tax with- out considering or caring very much whether it benefits them or not, only they have got the notion that as artisans are protected against imported manufactured goods so they (the producers of stock) should be protected against beef and mutton grown in the adjacent colonies. It is a "sauce for the goose being a sauce for the gander" affair in the minds of most Vic- torian graziers, or of farmers who have a few head of cattle to sell each year. There is a lot of cant written about the ill effects of Border Customs duties, for these are, after all, very much of the character of " pay and be paid" transactions between man and man, and that basis of friendship is often the best between nations as it is between individuals. The colonies of Victoria and New South Wales appear to be about to enter upon that stage of commercial relationship. If they cannot agree to one tariff for their common territories it is at least a step towards unity (although to many it will seem a paradox to say so) that they can each agree to impose a Protectionist tariff for their own behoof, and against all outside competitors. They are thus each seeking a common object, namely, the devel- opment of their own internal resources--agri- cultural, pastoral, and manufacturing-and if the results are individually satisfactory al- though nominally mutually antagonistic on the borders, the broad welfare of the two colonies is promoted, and they must share it. Eventually, when they feel that commercial intercourse and community of policy and equality of resources enable them to adopt a federal tariff, no doubt that will be an advan- tage, but in the meantime the Protectionist principle must apparently be allowed to grow in New South Wales under its own special tariff. But enactment of such a tariff at once renders possible, at any moment, a common Customs union between the two colonies, and also with all the Australasian group, for they are all being driven to embrace Protection for its colonising effects and its splendid merits as an alternative to direct taxation--that bane of all Legislatures but fondly cherised off spring of theoretical political economists. In direct taxation is the backbone of Protection, and makes that policy specially applicable to sparsely populated colonies anxious to become populated by diversifying and multiplying the channels for employing its own people. A Protectionist policy, however unsound, when judged on the broadest altruistic brotherhood of mankind grounds, is admirably adapted, as a working principle, to achieve the two ends of promoting enterprise and increasing the population, whereas Freetrade, which means in essence and practice by Governments, direct taxation, paralyses enterprise by taxing accrued wealth and retards the increase of population because it regards locality of pro- duction--whether in China or Collingwood as of no consequence provided the product is the cheapest of its kind procurable. This is really deifying wealth as embodied human happiness, whereas it is only an article of barter and not to be judged by its intrinsic value but by its extrinsic results. THE report which we publish elsewhere of an interview which some Kyneton dairy farmers had with the Commissioners of Railways rela- tive to a central auction room or market house for dairy produce, should meet with the ap- proval of dairy farmers in this district, and they should take steps to support the move- ment to obtain the market house referred to. It is high time they asserted their interests as against those of the butter auctioneers, who frequently complain of bad methods of mak- ing and sending butter to market, but who will oppose rather than assist in obtaining a most valuable aid, such as a good receiving house and market sales room near the central railway station, would be to dairy farmers. Perhaps as good a way as any other to con- vince the Railway Commissioners and the City Council that such a market house is re- quired would be for the committees of Agri- cultural Societies to pass resolutions support- ing such an enterprise and forward them to the Commissioners, to the City Council, and to the Kyneton Agricultural Society, which has the matter in hand to some extent. AT the last meeting of the committee of the Bacchus Marsh Agricultural and Pastoral Society reference was made to the probability of the Society being able to organise an ex- perimental field either in a portion of the show yards area or in a portion of the adjacent Police paddock, wherein instructions could be given in various branches of fruit culture and management. The matter is worthy of atten- tion, and before going to any expense in the matter it would be as well to ascertain what likelihood there is of any persons (young or old) availing themselves of the practical lessons proposed. A teacher is of no use if he cannot obtain learners, and that is very much the position of affairs in regard to Vic- torian agricultural education in all branches. Only a very listless interest is taken in the whole subject, so far as literary instruction is concerned, and such practical teaching as that given by the travelling dairy, and at the work- ing dairy at the Exhibition, has not been at all ardently run after. It would appear that what is easily got is little valued, and that the very anxiety of the Government to en- courage and assist improved methods of land management in all respects repels willingness to respond to tuition of any kind. However, a change may come at any moment, and we do hear occasionally of indications that way in the more thickly populated farming districts. At a meeting of the citizens and others which was held in the Fitzroy Town Hall on Monday evening last, a committee was appointed to visit Bacchus Marsh for the purpose of arranging pre- liminaries in connection with the State School picnic which is to be held about the 8th proximo. The Committee intend visiting Bacchus Marsh on Tuesday the 5th February, and will arrive by the morning train, when as many Bacchus Marsh resi- dents as possible will doubtless meet them. A Flemington and Kensington picnic will come up on the 14th February. The sale of a portion of Mr J. R. Crook's famous Woolpack paddocks. Bacchus Marsh, will take place on the ground on Friday next, 8th inst. Some persons may think that the land will go too high for them, but they should remember that a comparatively high price for such land, with such advantages in respect to water supply, is a mere nothing when the annual revenue derivable to pay interest on the outlay is considered. An accident happened on Tuesday afternoon to the Rev. Daniel Horan, of Bacchus Marsh, while on his way home from Blackwood. He was passing through Greendale, driving a rather spirited horse in a light buggy, when the horse took fright and bolted owing to some young men on horseback galloping after him furiously, most probably racing, forgetful of their own or other people's safety. The horse kicked until he got clear of the buggy, and in doing so broke the rev. gentleman's left arm between the wrist and elbow, also throw- ing him out, but beyond the shock he did not receive any further injuries. The young men were a good deal concerned when they saw the result of their thoughtlessness, and took Father Horan to Mr Denis Ryan's house. Afterwards Mr Ryan brought the rev. gentleman down to Bacchus Marsh, where he arrived about ten o'clock, and Dr Wisewould set the broken arm. He expects that Father Horan will be unfit for duty for six or seven weeks. The horse stopped when he found he had cleared himself of the buggy, and was found standing with his head to the prostrate body of his master. The buggy was badly damaged, and some of the harness broken. Mr James Gordon, an old resident in the Bacchus Marsh district, died on Sunday evening, aged 62 years, after a brief illness, the immediate cause of death being inflammation of the lungs. Deceased was Clerk of Petty Sessions in Bacchus Marsh in 1852. and subsequently left for Ballarat, where he made money as a digger and also as a contractor for supplying Government institutions. He invested his money well in landed properties about Bacchus Marsh, and shortly afterwards paid a visit to Scotland. On his return he fell into drinking habits, and was thrown from his horse, suffering injuries to his head from which he never recovered, and which caused his detention for a time in the Yarra Bend Asylum. About fifteen years ago he was liberated, and came back to Bacchus Marsh, where he gained a precarious living by digging at Goodman's Creek, and acting as Shire Auditor. He was very industrious and independent, always confident of being near a rich lead of gold or a big nugget, and was generally respected as a man who had been badly treated in many respects by persons whom he had trusted, or who had taken advantage of his misfortunes. He is supposed to have a sister residing at South Melbourne, but no other relatives in this colony. He used to say that the township of Gordon was named after him, as he was the first man to take information of its dissovery to the Police camp at Ballarat. He was buried on Monday evening, and being a Mason, although few were aware of the fact until his death, the local Lodge defrayed his funeral expenses. Most of our readers being acquainted with the family of Mr Crook, of Bacchus Marsh, will hear with regret of the death of his second daughter, Mrs R. F. Russell, who has been a resident at Sandhurst since her marriage to Mr Russell, who is an Inspector of State Schools. Deceased died from typhoid fever, which followed the birth of a daughter six weeks ago, and baffled the skill of three doctors and the most attentive nursing. Mr Russell had a mild attack of the fever about two months ago. Mrs Russell has left a family of five boys, the eldest nine years of age, and an infant daughter. Mr Crawford and the Government Travelling Dairy, will not be able to visit Bacchus Marsh until Monday, 18th February. The adjourned meeting of members of the Bacchus Marsh Racing Club will be held at the Border Inn on Saturday afternoon next at half past three o'clock. The plans for the railway station buildings to be erected at Bacchus Marsh show a one-story brick building, 80 feet long, by 17 feet wide, and a continuous verandah all over the platform, while on the outer side the windows are hooded with a continuous verandah. The building will be placed facing the present entrance gates to the station, and the central feature is a main entrance 12 feet wide opening right through on to the platform. On the left side of this lobby the general waiting room, 15 feet by 17 feet is placed, and opening from it is a ladies waiting room 12 feet by 17 feet, attached to which is lavatory accommodation. On the right hand side of the main entrance lobby is the booking office, 26 feet by 16 feet. A side counter on the platform opens into the parcels end of this office, and behind it is a porter's room, 12 feet by 17 feet. There are fireplaces in all the rooms. The fittings, cornices, &c.;, are all handsome, and the building will be a very complete and satisfactory one. Five months are allowed to complete the work. No provision is made for a refreshment room, but one may be added at some future time, if required. The station-master's residence is to be built to the station-master's residence is to be built to the east of the trucking yards, and will be of six rooms. The cool storage room for which a tender has been let, will be built at the extreme west end of the present platform, and probably a separate roadway entrance to it will be made. There is a probability that the time table on the Bacchus Marsh line will shortly be altered by "stabling" the engine at Bacchus Marsh, thereby reversing the times of starting the morning train by making it leave Bacchus Marsh about the time it now leaves Melbourne, and Melbourne about the time it now leaves Bacchus Marsh. We believe this change will be generally approved, especially if the goods train should be made a mixed one, leaving Bacchus Marsh say at 10 a.m. We have received the following official information on the subject:-"With reference to your postcard of 28th inst. I beg to state that there will be an alter- ation effected some time in February but the date is not yet fixed. I will inform you later on of the nature of the alteration.-R. H. Francie, Traffic Manager." The retort house for the Bacchus Marsh gas works is a conspicuous brick building, causing many persons to enquire what it is. It is 42 feet long, 28 feet wide, and 18 feet high. There is also a wooden building to be used as a meter room. and for general office purposes. The gasometer tank is a large brick cemented pit, 36 feet in diameter, convex in the centre, and will contain the iron gasometer with all necessary fittings. All the ironwork (including the various purifying machines) is being imported from England, and is expected to arrive in good time for lighting up the township as soon as the winter commences. Messrs Coates & Co. have evidently spared no expense so far in getting the works erected, nor have they lost any time, and there is every reason to believe that the district is fortunate in having secured their assistance in helping on the advance- ment of the district. A meeting to promote the formation of a Good Templar's Lodge in Bacchus Marsh will be held in the Mechanics Institute, Bacchus Marsh, on Wed- nesday evening next. The Bacchus Marsh water supply has again failed this week, and owing to the absence from the district of the Chairman of the Trust we are not aware that any steps have been taken to endeavour to obtain a supply from Ballanee. Owing to the service reservoir being supplied by an open race the latter requires a good head of water to overcome soakage and evaporation. Mr Standfield's scheme included a storage reservior above the intake, but this has not been provided as the Department considered it too small. It is evident it will have to be supplied before next summer. A very pleasant match was played on Saturday last 26th against the Oxford team, from Clifton Hill, but, owing to the loose fielding of the Marsh team it resulted in a victory for the visitors. The Marsh took their stand first, and put together 66. Fincham made 20, not out, and Allen 10. The visitors made 78; Shacklock 18, and Kinchin 14, being the principal scorers. A match will be played against Blackwood (to-day.) The Marsh team will be picked from the following:-H. Barradell, A. Barradell, R. G. Fincham, W. G. Allen, G. Ramsey, J. Borlase, J. Burnip, T. Cain, P. Alkemade, G. Vallence, M'Cusker, J. Doherty, W. Morton, E. Pearce, T. Hogan. Ploughing work is going on at Maddingley Park, the object being to form a good grass lawn all round the slope on which the fountain is placed. This is being nicely rounded up with the aid of an earth scoop lent for the purpose by Mr Michael O'Connell, and will look well when clothed with grass. A good general view of the Park will also be obtainable from this elevation. Various path- ways will radiate from it, and flower beds will be placed round the lower part of the mound. The usual St. Patrick's Day sports will be held in Maddingley Park this year, in aid of the R.C. school, Bacchus Marsh. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Mechanics' Institute, Bacchus Marsh, was held on Thursday evening. Mr W. Grant, President, presided, and made a verbal report of the proceed- ings during the year, the chief work done being getting the building licensed by the Central Board of Health, and a few alterations made to the outer doors. The balance sheet showed £176 2s. 4d. receipts, and a balance of £10 6s. 6d to credit. The principal item of receipts was £91 5s. from rent of hall. The auditors suggested that the accounts in the books be kept more in detail, and that they also show accounts owing to the Institute. The balance sheet was passed. At the suggestion of the Rev. J. A. Stuart it was decided that appli- cation be made for free copies of various news- papers. A ballot was taken from twenty nomi- nations for the election of seventeen members of Committee,the result being that three new members were added to the Committee, which now consists of the following persons :-Messrs E. Bona, C. E. Brown, C. Crisp. L. H. Clifford, Thos. Cain, Henry Crawford, G. Dickie, J. B. Doherty. R. G. Fincham, W. H. M'Farlane, W. Grant, P. O'Hagan, T. Heath, P. Murray, W. Mahoney, WV. T. Pezet, and G. Vallence. Mr C. Crisp moved and Mr W. Henry M'Farlane seconded, the re-election of the retiring President (W. Grant). Vice-President (W. Mahoney), and Treasurer (L. H. Clifford). Mr W. Grant proposed Mr R. G. Fincham, but that gentleman expressed unwillingness to take the position so soon after his election upon the Committee, and after some discussion of the usual mutually complimentary character the motion was carried. The Lynch Family of Bellringers gave an excellent entertainment in the Mechanics' Insti- tute, Bacchus Marsh, on Monday evening before an audience which well filled the hall, and even crowded it in parts. The programme contained four pieces by the Bellringers, also a performance on musical glasses and on what are called clock bells. These were the most distinctive features of the performance, and many of the audience would have liked to hear more of similar music, but the majority of the audience appeared to prefer the comic song and dance business so common at entertainments given by travelling companies. There were eight of these compositions, and a farce of the negro " rallying" order. Some more than usually grotesque dancing was shown, but the singing was not above the average. Mr Lynn is a capable comedian, with a very good brogue. The pianist (Professor Riedle) is a showy player, and should have had a few more solos. The performance was a little late in commencing. All the company dress well, and have all stage appointments of excellent quality, so that the entertainment impresses the spectator throughout as a superior one, even if the musical merits were less than they are. Mr Lynch announced that the company would re-appearing Bacchus Marsh in about eight weeks time, and as the opinion formed by the audience was so favourable no doubt there will be an equally good house at their re-appear ance. A Greendale correspondent favours as with the following remarks:-At last we are experiencing a glorious and welcome change in the weather. Last week the thermometer ranged from 96dgs. to 100dgs. in the shade, and to-day it is only 62dgs. There is also every indication of rain, which is badly needed, as the creeks are getting low, and the local schoolmistress informs me that the tanks are nearly dry, which is not a very desirable state of things. It is to be hoped that we shall soon have a copious downpour. There is no doubt that bush-fires are very destructive things, but looked at from one point of view they are not unmixed evils. I have been told that the blackened and scorched remains of some scores of snakes were found among the ruins which the last bush fire left behind after it had ceased raging in our vicinity some week ago. A few of these noxious reptiles have lately been coming too near to some of the inhabitants of our little township to be pleasant, as last Sunday week a good sized one was killed in the small paddock belonging to the State School, and another was despatched outside Mr Baker's door, where it was discovered by his son evidently making for the house. It would be a great boon to the farmers if the bush fires were to do away with some of the foxes also, which seem to be rapidly increasing in numbers. A resident of Greendale, while on his way to Mount Blackwood last Sunday, saw two cross his path, which, to all appearance, were old veterans, and the residents of Glenpedder station tell me that they are very numerous there among the tall ferns and tussocks but there are some foxterriers on the estate which do desperate battle with them occasionally. During the Christmas and New Year holidays two Greendale young ladies have entered into the bonds of matrimony, so that, although Greendale is a quiet, slow-going little township, we are not behind the rest of the world in marrying and giving in marriage. One of these fair damsels was married to a persevering steady young black- smith of your town (where the ceremony took place) and the other swore the oath of allegiance in Greendale church to a rising young Gippsland selector. I have it on good authority that a third wedding will shortly take place between another fair resident of Greendale and a popular young tradesman of your town. At a meeting of the Gisborne Board of Advice at the State School, New Gisborne, on January 25th. All the members were present. Mr John W. Webb, J.P., was appointed Chairman; and Mr George L. Woodworth, J.P., correspondent. Application was made from the teacher of Upper Macedon State School for three days holiday, to attend the Exhibition. Application granted. Ap- plication from teacher New Gisborne State School, for some repairs to fence, &c.; Mr Pearce was in- structed to get it done. Application from teacher, Bullengarook West State School, for the use of the School for a concert, the proceeds to go for prizes for the children. Application left to Mr Webb. The Woodend correspondent of the Kyneton Guardian reports that " Woodend is full of visitors at present, and the resources of the hotel and boarding house keepers are taxed to the utmost, and no sooner does one batch of visitors depart than another arrives. Were there four or five times the amount of accommodation at present available, it would all be taken up during the summer, but the prospect of empty rooms during the long winter, deter people from building for this purpose. The above shows that similar results will happen in Bacchus Marsh, Mt. Blackwood, and Blackwood, also Ballan, when increased rail- way facilities are available. The London correspondent of the Argus writes.: "The Duchess de Galliera, who has just died in Paris, was the wife of the great railway "king" who died several years ago leaving personality, mainly in France, amounting to £14,000,000 sterl- ing English. Her will contains many splendid benefactions-£250.000 for a museum near the Trocadero, £560,000 for a new orphanage at Men- don, £400,000 as an endowment for the same, £80,000 for the new working class lodgings in Paris, £340,000 for "deepening the port of Genoa," £100,000 to the Pope, and £380,000 to build two hospitals. When these have been paid there will remain asplendid residue, and it is said that this has been left absolutely to the Empress Frederick of Germany ! A strange thing, truly, if true, but Englishmen all the world over will rejoice that such fortune should have fallen into such worthy hands. We extract the following from the Lancefield Mercury. A banquet ought also to be given at Bacchus Marsh, but the persons who should support it would probably refrain from assisting the move- ment and the promoters would therefore have up- hill work to do:--"The promoters of the banquet to Messrs Deakin and Staughton have communi- cated with those gentlemen on the subject and requested them to fix a date which would be con- venient for both of them to attend. The Chief Secretary has replied to the effect that after con- ferring with Mr Staughton he has come to the conclusion that the 13th February would be the most suitable date, if it would meet the views of the people here. In accordance therewith, we understand that the date mentioned has been definitely fixed for the celebration. The Premier and other members of the Ministry are to be invited, and an effort will be made to induce the Governor to visit the district on the occasion. A committee meeting to arrange details has been convened for Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The Glenormiston subdivisional sale was held on Thursday on the property by Messrs Fisken Valentine, and Co. There was a large attendance, and a good many lots were sold at high prices, all going to district men. The following are the principal sales:-Mansion and 1,740 acres, Black Brothers, price not disclosed; 463 acres, Podger Brothers, Terang, £9 10s. per acre; 68 acres, A. Dennis, Etycuk, £9; 382 acres, Podger Brothers, £13; 142 acres, E. Macdonall, Keilambete, £13 5s.; 91 acres, W. Noel, Kolora, £17; 25 acres, W. Matthews Naroghid, £46; 20 acres, same buyer, £42 11 acres, W. Irwin, Terang, .£43; 4 acres, W. Matthews, Kolora, £46; 3 acres, same buyer, £50; 18 acres, same buyer, £40; 12 acres, same buyer, £42; 46 acres, D. McDonald, Camper down. £39; 39 acres, W. Long, £650 176 acres, T. Kelly, Garvoc, £40; 213 acres, C. Narvie, Terang, 44 ; 4 acres, W. Matthews, Kolora, £52; 3 acres, W. Matthews, Naroghid, £44. 