DISASTROUS BUSHFIRES BETWEEN PUCKAPUNYAL AND PYALONG. 50,000 ACRES OF GRASS DESTROYED. Boxing Day and the one following will not be forgotten for some time by the residents of Puckapunyal, Major's Line, Tooborac and Pyalong, as on those days one of the most disastrous bush fires that ever happened in those localities occurred, of which we have been able to glean further particulars since our last issue. It is supposed that the fire originated from where some navvies had camped near Pyalong, and left a log burning, along the Heathcote to Kilmore railway line. Be this as it may, certain it be that the fire raged with terrible velocity, strengthened considerably by strong southerly wind, and has been terrible in its consequences. All the country between Mr W Hendy's, Major's Line, and the Sydney Rd, near Broadford, has been laid bare by the fell enemy, and we are given to under- stand that not a fence is left standing throughout that part. For forty-eight hours intermittently, without sleep and subsisting on little more than bread and water, and well nigh affocated with the heat and smoke. The settlers brought the veritable niggers, doing their utmost to save their own or their neighbor's properties, and it was only with superhuman efforts, in the way of firing the intermediate space and giving the enemy no ground to work upon, that the homesteads, in many instances, were saved. It is computed that fully 50,000 acres of grass, and miles upon miles of fencing, have been burnt. The conflagration, which was checked at Whalen's, was under con- troll on Friday (though far from being extinguished), having reached country where there had been a bush fire a few weeks previously. A constant watch was kept, and when it broke out afresh it was stopped from spreading further. Frequently the wind carried sparks and lighted boughs a considerable distance, and places that had hitherto escaped were thus devastated. In this way the battle in trying to save the home- steads had to be fought, in some instances, as many as three or four times. Up to Monday precautionary measures were taken with regard to fallen and smouldering trees in the neighbourhood of Major's Line, men being kept engaged carting water from the creek and putting out the remains of the fire. The fire was of such magnitude that it was impossible to face it; all efforts were therefore concentrated on the homesteads, and on the number of these saved, that was only accomplished as before stated, by almost super- human efforts. Valuables were taken to places of safety -- in many cases buried in the ground -- and so severe was the conflagration that documents were got ready for burial when the fire was yet miles off. Mr Grist, overseer of Mitchell's Creek Station, has been burnt out of house and home. This was a separate fire from those others, being in the direction of Seymour, and from traces still remaining it is firmly believed that the dwelling -- a large weatherboard cottage -- was set on fire by an in- cendiary. Mr Grist, with his wife and family, was away at Warrnambool holiday making at the time, and has thus lost everything but what was taken on their trip, the house being com- pletely guttered. Very much sympathy is felt for the unfortunate young fellow in his severe loss. We regret to say that Messrs Valentine Hitchcock and B. Parker have also been rendered homeless. Of the other sufferers, Mr Cook of Pyalong, is the most severe, he having lost 1000 acres of grass, besides a lot of fencing. Mr S. Parker's home- stead was given up for lost by the owner, but Mr Wm. Hendy and a number of willing neighbors persevered, working like veritable Trojans, and ultimately succeeded in saving the house. Messrs F. Cox, R. Leech, Mofflin, Whalan, McMaster, Cooper, Wright (2), Dickinson, Easton, Williams, Cully, and others have suffered considerably, but it is difficult to say to what individual extent. Altogether it is estimated that damage has been done to the value of thousands of pounds. Along the Kilmore road, from Too- borac to the Black Springs and Pya- long, houses were ransacked of their furniture which was removed to places of safety; and the grocery store of Messrs Heenan and Ellis was similarly treated, the contents being buried in a 20ft cutting, as was also a lot of powder used on the railway works. Welcome rain came early on Saturday morning, and though it was not heavy enough to abate the evil, still there was enough of the watery element to make the grass less combustible, and thus means were afforded of checking the progress of the fire. Since then the weather has completely broken up, rain falling in torrents during the first three days of the new year, so that now the fires have been effectively extin- guished. A word of praise to those who helpet so manfully along the course of the fir at Major's Line (of whom we havi been supplied with the names) will nri perhaps be out of place, and we are toln they are honestly deserved by-Maessr Heandy, Francis, Roberts, S., B., an, Ahbbe Parker, Colston and son, Eslers Millan, and the Yemms. In another column Mr and Mr &lofflin; tender hearty thanks to thei many kind neighbors and friends whos exertions saved their home from bernl burnt when the hush fire swept acros their land at Tooborac on 28th Deer. We are pleased to report that th rumor so widely circulated on Thursda last week, that Mr Martin Benson (, Major's Line) was burnt out of bous and home, was entirely without founds t tion, he having escaped scot free, th fire being fully two miles away from \- his property. f There has also been another rume e afloat that a fire raging in the bus near .Redcastle 'hakd destroyed . . ." M'Curiuick's sawmill, but- we question ite.aqthenticlty; in. fact, we have been `informed by a gentleman who has since been in the neighborbhod, in whose word reliance can confidently be placed, that there was not the slightest truth in.zhe report, but that sone tim ber belonging to the sawmill had only been burnt. \- - ,, ... 