Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; Since the 1st instant the weather has been more settled, and as a mild temperature has prevailed- the districts are gradually drying. It is now known that the extraordinary rainfall' at the end of last month has done very little damage in the way of floods. ' The towns of Windsor, Richmond, and Maitland have been tho centres of parts most affected, and ot course tho residents of low-Iving epote in several districts suffered to some extent. In some instances the young wheat will be seriously injured by the water remaining too long on the land. In some parts, too, the severity of the weather caused the deaths of a large percentage of the young lambs. These arc tho drawbacks to what otherwise has been a great blessing. The frosts have held off, and conse quently the raoiattiro has had an opportunity to make the grass spriDjr rapidly. The pastures are in excellent condition, and the demand which exists for young stock, or indeed stock of all kinds, plainly shows how great :b the desiro to bring tho pastoral districts up to their normal strength. Pastoral enterprise has received a fill p. Among other venture?, a mea- -chilling company is being formed at Bourke. The districts in the Far ArVcst, usually to dry, are now thoroughly soaked. Mcnindie and Pooncaric received ahout 2in. of rain on the 31st ultimo. The greatest trouble with those districts remote from the coast is that the roads are so bad as to render team traffic impossible. This has rendered food supplied rather short at Walgctt ; for instance, there is no flour, and tho. inhabitants are compelled to accept biscuits as their fare. The rivers are rising, and steamers have commenced to ply ou all the principal streams. ALBURY, Junb 2. We had hoped to have been Bparcd all share ot the rainfall which has been bo over -abundant in the coast dietrict. After a few days of close, threatening weather, however, rain commenced on Friday evening, and con tinued at frequent intervals ever since. The lambing is now fairly started,and on the whole is progressing favour ably, though a few lambs were killed by the last heavy downpour. The pastures are in splendid condition, only the lightest touches of frost having been yet ex perienced. Jll^UUlVA, OVKE I. Very heavy rains have fallen here within the last few days. The river is high and still rising. Bun darra reports a banker. The people on the flat country are getting anxious. DENILIQUIN, Jone 1. Rain again pet in last night, and 93 points were re gistered this morning, with every jrospectof another inch before the weather clears up. Nearly 15in. have fallen here since the beginning of the jeir, and it is felt all round that there can be too much of a good thing. The roads all round the district are impassable, and much inconvenienuo is experienced through the inability to either travel stock or to get merchandise through to any of the adjacent stations. The lambing is now well forward, and the inclement weather is doing a lot of injury to the young stock. In one flock marked there has been a return of nearly 89 per cent., and it is thought that the whole district will give an average of over 80 when the returns are all in. The crops arc suffering seriously through the rain. Tho seed on the later-sown areas iajperishing in the ground, and the earlier-sown crops are so rank that they require eating off, but the ground is so soft that sheep cannot be put upon it with safety. The Btock passings are very limited, the only one of note during the last fortnight being 9000 store sheep belonging to LukeGulson, travelling from Albury to the Lachlon, via Deniliquin and Hay. FORBES, Jtob 1. In the early part of this week the weather was cold and bleak, with occasional showers of rain, which, how ever, did not register more than 10 points in all. On Thursday it cleared up, and tho sun ehone out with great warmth, in fact, the thermometer was nearly up to 80\. On Friday it was warm but cloudy, and last night Vain commenced to fall ; aa yet, however, very little is registered, but as the heat continues wo may expect a very heavy fall before long. This is one of the strangest winters ever known in this district. We are now into ~ the month, of June, and not a single frost has been ex perienced. This is very favourable to the growth of grass *nd to the fattening of all kinds of *tock. Business is rapidly improving, and all our local Btock and station agents are having a big run. GLEN INNES, Juke 3. Wet weather is the order of the day here. During the past week 180 points ef rain have fallen in Glen lutes, and tbe weather to-day ebon no sign ot clear ing up. The roads in the district, as one may naturally suppose, are almost imrassablo. A teamster the other day arrived within 1G miles ot the town; but, finding the road impracticable any further, he unharnessed his team, packed his loading on the horses, -and drove them to town. The rivers have risen to a great height, and several would-be travellers in town have been forced to wait till they subside. Although we are approaching, midwinter, we have not yet bud a white frost, and grass is still quite green. Ihe season so far is a splendid one for both farmers and pastoralists. GKAFTON, June 3. . The Clarence has been fortunate on this occasion in escaping the heavy rainfall which flooded the Hunter and Hawkesbury, and did so much damage in other districts. If the quantity of rain recorded there bad poured over this district, it must have brought another disastrous flood, and following so soon after that of 1S87 the consequences would have been ruinous to many who are still feeling the heavy losses then sustained. The prevailing weather has had the effect ot keeping back frost and continuing the growth of grass. The season thus continues a most favourable one for stock, which are all in prime condition. A small lot of store bullocks of good colours and breeding realised S8s. by auction on Saturday last, and'a few aged cows sold at 58s. HAY, JttkeI. We are having a most extraordinary season here so far as rain is concerned, and people ere beginning to complain that it is putting a stop to business, as it is to all kinds of traffic. We have had 131 points this week. The country all around is covered with water, and such quantities of grass have not been known at this time of year for many seasons. The principal reason for. the rapid growth of feed is the mildness of the weather. We have had scarcely any cold weather so far, and this has been most beneficial. Lambing is now well advanced on most of the stations ; but from present appearances the percentage will not be high in a great many localities, the poor condition of the ewes in the early part of the Beacon having militated against a large increase. Reports from some of the stations state that tbe continued wet weather is causing many of the young lambs to die. INVERELL, June 1. This district, being near the outside range of the great coastal storms, received a fair share of the downpour in the early part of this week. Tbe rivers and creeks for a time were bankers. Except that farmers are delayed in cropping their lands and that the progress of travellers on our roads is retarded, this district is not suffering by the watery visitation. The rains have not been excessive; indeed, in some places, such as Reedy Creek and Millamoura, the dac» have not been filled. MOONAN BROOK, June 1. There has been some nice steady rain here, causing the creeks and river to rise. The mail coach has not been running here this week on account of the floods, but quite unexpectedly we received our mails on Thurs day and Saturday on horseback, the coach having to be left behind. MTJDGEE, June 1. On Monday last a telegram was received by Inspector Carter, of the police, from Rylstone, to prepare for a flood, as the river was up. On Tuesday morning the whole of the river flats were under water. The flood was but a little way beneath the floor of the Holycake Bridge, and another Gin. would have submerged the ' elevated roadway to Bombira Hill. Whole lines of fencing on the low farms was either carried off or laid . flat. . Had Lawson's Creek comedown flooded were there would have been the largest flood seen for years, but that watercourse seemed very little affected by the rain fall, and the river wutera bad plenty of room to get away. Mr. M. Brennan lost two acres of potatoes, just ready to dig, besides a- paddock of wheat which was washed away. Mr. Kurtz, of Broombee, has had a paddock of wheat and hay destroyed, and wherever an elbow occurs in the river course the land has been swept off. Mr. Cex, of Burrundulla, had his Urge ehod unroofed, as was also Dr. Barber's stable in town. Mr. G. H. F. Cox, of Puttabucca, succeeded in saving his etud sheep after a hard struggle; and Mr. Davidson's windmill was levelled to the ground. At Burrundulla several families were flooded out, and had to seek shelter in town till iho waters subsided. ORANGE, Jcnb3. The weather here is very unsettled. A steady rain set in on Sunday morning and continued all day. Grass is plentiful, and in fact thero is more now than there was all last year. The farmers are busy putting down the remainder of their crops. If the harvests are as good as anticipated, a large quantity of wheat will be grown in the district. PARKES, Junb 3. The weather for the week has continued splendid for putoraliste and farmers, fiae growing rains, with the frost still absent. The grass and trefoil in the flats about ie luxuriant, and stock are showing the effects of plentiful field. In some of the earlier cultivated pad docks the wheat is very forward, and farmers are turn ing sheep on to feed it down. Large numbers of stock are moving. The stock routes are looking splendid. Tbe passings since my last are : May 30, 15,000 mixed weaners, from Forbes and the LachLuo,for Goorianiwa, C. Fetherstonhaugh owner; May 31, 6000 mixed weaners, from Forbes and the Lachlan, for Narmmine, Mack and Austin owners; June 3, 8»00 wether weanera, - from Young and Goodooga, Queensland, Wright, Heaton, Bacon/and Co. owners. WAGGA WAGGA, June 3. The pastoralists are all in raptures. There has not been too much rain for them ; indeed, they predict that next spring will be tbe grandest ever seen in the Mur rumbiugee district. Will they cut and ensilage the rank growth of surplus grass or leave it to feed bush fires ? is asked on all sides.. The stock sates iu this diBtrict.are now reverting to their old style in the best seasons, and one is quoted as a fair example. During tho last week J. B. Wood and Co. sold 13,000 ewe hoggets for Robert Rand,' Mahonga'; 5000 8-tooth wethers for William Wood, Benambra*; 3000 2-tooth ewes for G. J. Mulholland, Oura ; and 6000 wether hoggets for G. P. Wilson, Big Springs, at such high prices that, if anyone could have foretold the rain a couple of months ago, and purchased the lot, he could now retire upon a very fair little income. Stock are moving in all directions, and anything in the shape of a sheep will fetch 5s. 6d. It may be taken for granted that for a year or two the price ot sheep wil range high, so many being required to fill the place of those perished through famine in the back country 