TALE ON 'CHANGE. | The doctors bare had the week to them selves The Medical Congress has been the feature of the time. And a very successful feature, too. Mr. Fitzgerald has every reason j to be proud of the great gathering over which he presided. His address at the opening was worthy of the occasion, and of his reputa tion ; it had a manly ring about it that was wholesome to hear. And he studied more the interests of the public than of the profession when he preached mens sana in corpora sano—a clear conscience and an active liver, sufficient nourish ment and plenty of exercise. The matters discussed seemed to embrace every branch of surgery and physic. Though there was one question that they appeared to shirk —'* gut's custodiet ?" " Who is to cure the doctors ?" After this festive week one wonld think that they would require, if nothing more, at least a tonic with a little fizz in it. But it is well that these gatherings do not! occur often, or what would become of the patients? Says a correspondent" I wanted my doctor several times during the week, and telephoned for him, bat do yon think that I could get him ?' Not a bit of it First, 1 He's at'the openingthen, ' He's lunching with the Mayor;' then, ' He's reading a paper'; then, ' He's dining with the presi dent '; then, ' He's down the bay with the Ministry' ; then, ' He's at Government house till I gave it up as a bad job, and got well." Mr. Speight is about to take a well-earned holiday,and to enjoy himself in distant lands, where deputations are unknown anddemandB for trucks nnbeard of, where the names of locomotive superintendents and the Kail way Employes'Association have never penetrated, and where complaints abont railway officials will not trouble him. We can all (now that the memory of holiday crushes and of late ex caraion trams has taded away.) wish him bon voyage and a happy return. He won't be eorry to get away. He haa worked hard since he haa been amongst na; but the last week mnat have been almost too much for him, with a farewell dinner every night and a banquet or two thrown in daring the day. Luckily a sea voyage ensues. What was it disagreed with Sir Henry Parkes at the President's luncheon ? Was it the wine, or was it the viands, or waa it the company? Did the sight of the Exhibi tion displease him, or waa it that that gigantic figure which towers over, the New South Wales court should have been Parkea, whereas it waa only Cook ? Something must have gorie wrong with him or he1 would hardly have spoken as he -did. It fa not nsnal when you are enjoying h man's hos pitality to Say:—"Look here, bid fellow, I didn't want to eotae to your cohfoUfeded tilace. IWoulfln't havc come If Z Could have helped It, but'I bad no place else to go to; if I had, 1 would have gone there; so don't yon Imagine for a moment that it la to aee you or your peep-show that I am oome." All this may be trne, or it may not. but it is not usual toeay it to your host However, It is only a matter cf taste; and tastes differ. There waa a Stroke of genius in that regu lation of the Treasurer that the publicans who were late in paying their license-tees should be mulcted in soma of a guinea or two to go-to the benefit of the Alfred Hos pital. The regulation was, no donbt, harsh and unusual, and even illegal; and people who ate forced to give small Bums in charity generally re hue to give largely on' occasions when they may decline But, not with stand* ing, the idea waa a grand one The first step in these matters is the hardest The next Treasurer may levy fines to assist hiB party at the general eleetiou,- and so better Mr. Gillies's example.. > Ch&rles;, Reade, when he mote Hard Oath, never imagined that he was foreshadowing, in one of its incidents, the future adventures of a Victorian awrtioneer. But the resem blance between the case ot the sea captain, as therein set. forth, and that of the well knovrii Melbourne citizen, who disappeared at Warragul in 1887 wud was found, only the other dar, "in the heart of Africa," without knowing how he got there, is, to say the least, striking. As in rite case ot the captain, so in the esse of the auctioneer, a peculiar feature of the disappearance was the adroitness shown by the missing man in getting away. If he had been in his proper senses the chances are that he would hever have got from WarraguV to Natal without having been discovered. But, being .temporarily deranged, he, with the proverbial cunning of a madman, managed to elude all observation in Gipps land, where he was very well known, and to ship himself at some unknown port for Africa nnder a false name, and then to forget all about it If by any pecu liar chain of circumstances he should ever be enabled to remember, and should relate hia adventures, tbey will probably be found to be more interesting than most novels. That is a curious story also, now being in vestigated in the Criminal Courts, of the nephew, who, after Bpending a pleasant evening with his .nncle, and parting affec tionately with the old gentleman about 11, returned to the hospitable house daring the night, and removed the drawingroom suite piecemeal In a wheel-barrow, and sold it. A thing of this sort makes people ehy even with tbeir nearest relatives—indeed, specially with their nearest "relatives—of making «ny com plimentary' remarks - about the furniture. Imagine a ybnng scapegrace paying a duty call to an old aunt frcrm whom he bud ex pertations, and'saying casually, " Why, aunt, this is the nicest-dinaff in sofas that I base' Seen for a long time."7 The old lady would not sleep for a Week. Or think of Edwin visiting at Angelina's father's house, and re marking to the' old man, " This is the most slap-un easy-chair, sir, that I ever sat in." The bnildog wonld be unchained to a cer tainty. "I notice," says a correspondent, "that the question of the supposed volcano in Central Australia is stilt being discussed, must say that I do not feel convinced as to its existence. Aboriginat testimony is so little to be relied upon ; the traditions of a long extinct volcano, or even the remem brance of a terrible bush-fire, might be so easily changed into the taleof a burning moun tain. One gentleman, writing to The Aram, speaks of explosions heard at long distances awayinthedesertconntryas perhaps resulting from volcanic disturbances. I wonder if these explosions are similar to those with which I was formerly familiar. On the Upper Darling there was occasionally heard a load crash, Bharp and clear, just like a single peat of thunder. The biackfeliows were greatly alarmed at this noise, and had a distinct name for it, which I forget, bnt which Tesembled their word for thnnder. For want of a better explanation we used to attribute the phenomenon to the explosion of air confined in some river cavern. Bat whether this was correct or not I cannot say." " What are yon doing here,sir T thundered Saltbnsh in a fnry, when Happy Jack, who ehould have been looking for hia lost flock, was discovered by-him half'drunkin the bar. of the bush pnb." " Why, what you told me, of course. Ton said I was to took every where for the-jumbucs. And I thought thai they might a* well be here as any place else. It's where I'd go if I was a lost sheep." ! "Say, yon fellows, school's np ; I'm off fishin*. A cove caught two trout in the Yarra, an' I'm goin* to have a try." " Bah, yer can't, Bill." " Why not 1" " Cos it's the close season for worms." "Oh, golly, what a sell! I never thonght of that," and he went sorrow fall/ borne. AULUS. 