PUBLISnHE e.VRr TUFsn.AY Ar FRIDAY. TUESI)AY, d)ECEMIIBER 10T, IS9. IT is quite time that some practical effort was made in the direction of having a commnon-sense method in the arrangement of holidays in HIorsham. To begin with, the banks and public offices have their half-hlliday at the end of the week and most of the other people of business in the town in the middle of it. This, surely, is not a sensible arrangement. The business transacted by the banking institutions on Wednesday when all the shops are closed is virtually mil ; whereas on Saturday afternoon, when the town is crowded with farmers and everybody is doing business and wanting to use the banks, their doors are closed and the exchange work of the very busiest three hours of the week has to he done, not by the legitimate institutions, but by the hotels and stores. The meeting convened for to-night at the Mechanics' Institute, if it takes up the consideration of fixed as well as irregularly recurring holi days, will do well to discuss this sub ject. and arrive at some basis of alteration; because IHorsham being the centre of so large a district and forming the market of an important pastoral and agricultural commu nity, should establish its methods with a view to the best con venience of the latter. And that it is not so arranged at present is proved by the frequent dis appointment of farmers and others who come on ' Wednesday per haps speaially 'to interview- their bankers, and, that business done, find it impossible to do any shopping, ren dering another journey imperative. The evil is almost more aggravated on Saturday afternoon when the buyers and dealers coming in to attend the one o'clock sales find that the banks are then shut and are frequently put to intolerable inconvenience to effect their financial business. We do not believe there is the slightest intention by the promoters of to-night's meeting to intemrfere with the princiole of having a half-holiday during the week, hut it requires the laring of heads together to come to some deci sion as to the advisability, or otherwise, of altering the existing arrangements, and the proposed meeting is the best move that could he initiated in that direction. But there are many other points to occuny its attention. When a public holiday is proclaimed by the government, and the banks and the business people resolve to obsoerve it as well as the civil servants, it is desi rable to have some established body to bring the various interests and indivi duals together in order to arrive at a definite conclusion on the subject, and the meeting to-night will be wise to take steps towards the electioni or appointment of such a committee. For instance it appears to he a half recog nised rule, when a holiday is to be observed by all business people, that the Wednesday afternoons should be devoted to business; but frequently there is a hitch about this and some times it is not until the last moment that any decision is come to on the point. Such a want of organization is not only detrimental to the interests of shopkeepers and business people gen erally, but very well calculatel to injure the class in? whose favor the relaxation fmrom work is princinally pro posed, via, the employis. TIf a conmmi tee to watch these. matters were fo:*me:l it -vVgd sero timel' uit!do belig given to the public, and so all interests would be served and there would be no heart burnings, no useless waste of labor or profit, and above all a mini. mum of inconvenience to the public. There are other directions in which the efforts of such a committee could be advantageously put forth in the interests of the comnmunity. Without interfering with the duties and respon. sibilities of the Borough Council, the committee could see to many c matter in the town which at present is not attended to for want of some such organization as, for the sake of the citizens, it.is hoped will be establlished this evening. The Western Winuera Irrigation 'Trust at its meeting last Friday considered the regulations brought up for approval by a committee appointed for the purpose. There have already been two regulations made by the trust and sanctioned by the department, viz., No. 1., last October, far making a is rate in the £ for the area thee, controlled by the trust, and No. 2, for making a 2s rate in the urban district of Dimboola. These regulations are made in pursuance of the powers given by section 95 of the Irrigation Act, 1880, and require to be sanctioned by the department. anil gazetted. Four more regulations have now been passed by the trust for the approval of the Minister, as follows :-No. 3 for the supply of water, and regulations conncetcl with stops and outlets, which caused some discussion and which eventually was passed, to the effect that the rate ie Is per inch p:r acre with payment required when supplied; the minimumn amount of water to be supplied to be fixed at.E £1. Regulation 4, deals with the procedlure of special meetings of tih trust; No. 5, with the proceedings of the ordinary meetings; and 6, with waterworks, drains, &c.;, waste of water and diversion of channels. Tihe IHorsham becah on Friday last, comn. prising .Messrs. J. Lacglands, andl \\. Robinson, J.'sP, granteid a carriers' liense to James Chandler. Mr. J.1. E. lillinlcham. suonmoning officer, Education Department, proceeded againstthe following parents fi u neglecting to senti their children to school fix. theetatutory number of days:--C. Knudsen, fined 2s 6d; R. Edmonson, fined is each for two children ; M1. Vincent, Is. 31. S!lo was charged with beating a horse under cir cumstances amounting to cruelty. DUefecn dant stated that the horse was a dicliccic one to start, butgeneraily went when beat. en by a length of galvanised iron over the ribs so as to frighten hint by the noise. On this occasion no iron was handy so he struck the animal with a shovel, but there was no cause for the two female informants to hale, become frightened that there was any ill using. He desired to say that if the bsene refrained from recording a conviction hi would give 10s to the Ioraluun hospits!. The bench cautioned the defendant and di. missed the case, costs 7s. Yesterday Mr. John Langhlcnds occupied the bench and fined each of the following deiondant 1i c so: 43 hours' imprisonment for being drunk anIc disorderly:--.lames Crick, Martin No'a::. and John LMaellan. A meeting of the Iforsham Race Ch;i, n.s, held last night at Nisbet's Club lintel, tie following members being present :--~A· . W. Robinson (in the chair), A. HoIliki, 1'P. MI'Cabe, 1.. Treaccy, C. Smith. HI. II. Barrett, J Gillatd, G. Nislct, and Agnew. The secretary ('Ir. Os.librn) re::d letter from the ihon. auditor (Mr. C. .i. Little) who stated that it was imnp:ssible t, make out a balance sheet in the a.lcnce ',I the bank book hell Iby the treasurer and anuy statement from the latter. If the: were furnisled lie woull i.e ulfit to mciake out a statemlent of assets andl liabilities to enable the club to arrive at a knowledge .. to what their financial p,:sitioen was. 'T" secretary stated lIe Ihad received a cmn:,. from the treasurer (Mr. J. P. lIaycan)::.. tihe effect that lhe had left the bank look at the Town Hail, and it wits not his fa.uh is the auditor had not found it. Mr. Little had not had the book and p:pecr he I-. quired handed over to Iim, so lie (the .ecr. tary) had now obtained a copy of the tnl; hook, and with the other papers in his p?.sC- sion the audit could be nmade. It was rea.ch c.l to furnish the bank hook, etc., to M.r. ithtl . withi a request to nmake the audlit as c ?, as possible. The matter of the £I5 pro. nott' was discussed and it was stated that all but five had been duly paid. The amount to the credit of tihe ecurrent account t the Colnial Bank was £1 I7s Gl, and two cacll accounts were ordered to be paid. Thi indebtedness of the club amiounted to abo:ut £50, but the secretary pointed out that hlai year's meeting had more than paid its oiss way, the balance owing being on accoant of previous liabilities. The nmeeting then adjourned until the auditor had furaisdc-i his statement, which it was hope I wouild Is in about a fortnight. Broadbent Bros,, & Co'sstablel at s hill, were dcestroyed by lire yetserday. A carre' pondent tclcigrapuhi: tile i;fcsrmration ac! "the waterr wasthesoweaetpressnrethat cs?nl be got from the smallest mceai, pipe and if th: Nhill people wishl to protect their ihome they should urge the Lowan Shire coucicl to do something in the way of helpiing h: firemen to do their worki." Thie hohlers of lalnd dljoining the policn paddock near the toewn are complainincig that after having taken energetic stepls t, ct diown thie thistles on their own ground!, they are liablle to be just as badly infectecd witl: thie wreed next year unles st;les are taken to clear the police paddiock. There arc 5 acres in tihe latter and aihncest the whole of it is infested. If the work of dtestruictiolnis not at once taken in hald, tle thlistles wil in a few days ie sendling tiheir eedls all ore the country and thie good work dlone by private holoders wvilli be so much labior wasted. The lorshaml Borough Coeuncil will hold a special meeting to-morrow at 8 p.m. Time annual Licensing Court fr th;e ifoi lowing districts will be held at the Hoishamn court "iousis, next Monday, 16thil inst., comi Inencing at 10 a.m. :--Hirsham, Arapile, Burnt Creek, Kaelke, Maortat and Dimbsec Mesrs. James Robertson, E. C. 1 Is11aid ;. D. McCormick, P.M's., wvill be ccc the Ileinc, the business principally beincig the renewal of licenses and tie grantingof fresh or.eS. Licensees wounld do wrell to forwiarid their licenses to the clerk as soon as possible. The following accounts await payment at the Horshtcmn eceipt and Pay otlice :--3. Degclnhardt, C. Smithl, W'. T. Las', Western Wimmnera Irrigation Trust, .. GrifBths, F. Gross, J. S. Dethiridge, feinze, li. Kiiely, A Rudd, Dr. Garlick. An inlpromptu scratchl reatta, ncdelr t.e aecspices of tm I Horslmisi roil, cilh, will be held to-morrow, Wednesdlay, rwhoe the foll'cwiog matches are arranged lseterwc four-oar crews. --lercantile v. Clerks: A!l comers v. Civil Service; Drtpecrs v. Telegraphs. Some pair-oar mcatches will also be roweed. The first race of the safter noon will le started at 4 p.m. To-day's Observatory forecast is: Mioderately fine, hut uniet0tled and warm, with north wiuds tending tl W. and S. At a meeeting of thie HIorIshami Llies' Benevolent Society last Friday, thie filloi ing ladies were present :-.1Mesdames D. aiPCalmsn (president), Rlasmiusse, Tereer, Bell, Martin, Cavuanagh, asul .MNicol. A chequc e for £2 rwas received with ioany thlanhs fronm Mr. Lcarmonth, late trcasirer of thie Horsham Prirvate Quadrille Assii- Mbics. The subject of Christmas gifts was cossidered and the committee decidedl to give Os to e.chi person on thie pesent list (-:a'en in numbr)uand in ,he L'tf of lr fecgaIs . o i07g'A The tlorlhas Liedertafel will give another of their popular Ladies' nightcon crts on Friday 20th Inst. The hon. con eactr, Ir. It. iH. MeNicol, whose devoted sr.i:e r in connection with this society cI:aat be too highly extolled, has on this oceido secured the services of the two i..2 Brown, Longerenong, for vocal and istrumental numbers, and of Mr. Sidney goat, of Coromby. The orchestra, which ia lately formed so important a feature of thee convcerts, will play the overturefrom )sritana, arud accompany the Liedertafel in the "nlautiful Blue Danube," or "Joy' wir, whilch is s, great a favorite. The prerammne in its other itemsis is mot core p-rhenslve and the evening's entertairaent is ,,re to prove an enjoyable one. The latelryersweather we have becnhaving .hoal tend to incrcate the vigilance of all Isadholder* as against bush-fires, the results of which in this district eould be calamitous. A <a,:h Australian contemporary nays:- T'ijs is the season to rmake it worth while :aiausre tilh crop against fire-for now it ewould e just awful to have one break out. It i the duty of cach matn to take every pr.ution against fire on his own farm, and ,!0 torrseehis neighbors, and concert measurea :ol e taken conjintly. We strongly advise r bat .tues throuigh the crop;, also round a eop-s: tihen manure, plough, scarify, and a3r-ith sorghlum or other green crop." On Thursday last the members of - the ire ltetrian dihle Class and the Sunday r:hol teachers entertained Dr. and Mrs. yung at a conmplimentary social in tIhe Isrct:ic Hall, ashout 40 ladies and gentlemen leing present. The evening passed pleas a~nd, parlor games being engaged in with ;,rt zest, and songs and pianoforte selec ;,in excellently rendered by members of th, ce,. After refreshments had been jaMne round. several short and appropriate coerices were maede. The Rev. T. Gray, in te course of his rermarksa referred feelingly tile valuable assistance given by Dr. ,roun in conducting the Bible Class on siotih afternoons. Messrs. Miller, Brake. hIt lithobr and Rennistn also spoke, cach ify:n: to the bencfi they had derived on his teaching. In responding, Dr. ,:,.n? ti::imked the ciass and the Sunday h, tea.chers for the compliment that had e a, !-is to t hem. He had always enjoyed e wrk of "tMcihing, and although he often i'ie i that owme one more worthy of the :ition w ,, take hi piee, hlie would still llyprih.ce his serviccs at the disposal of c. Gr.ay and the members of the clids. Itehad sought it t all times to interest them te Bible, to rake then feel what a living Sar it. is. While nlot dispar.ging the ::inary:netho Is of scientific theology be td trioi t be prlctical in his expositions o:.:riptur.'. If he rh.d been successful i this. his ain had been accomplished. .t:er ole or two more solos had teen given, :e o:ncas:y joined hands and euthbusiasti -lly stane " Auld Sang Syne." At a co.npetitilon give, unee.r the auspices Sfthle F roe DUbatin.g Society a prize wa -ee ifri the most original poem. Severit: et::rit'-tion? were s:!t in and the prize was n hy :,it S. P. It-sart-on. of Yarrt n-r. Ti' yioung I.ay is nolt unknown it: i'ir,:,. as ".nme ye.:rs ago her father ewas .:.:i. here airt 'resbyt1rian minister. we are .·;ed to int mate thiat .lr. Sp:wn, iAm ri-iani expert on fruit-gur-:;ng, s::;e high opinion of the quality of the -1d :roual -Irroým.l w,as referred to by :.1 inis:er of Let:is when here for the -lt--e cnafi:in.e, wili deliver a lecture a' \- ' ', -tnis Institute, nest Friday. Tir,' .-t will lwre ref-rencoe to the atplti ity. f our soil for fruit culture, and to, :_ ala:. g.: now offerel the townspeop!e te i throwing open of tihe " IIHrham ":o-;'h Irr' ation Colony" lately launched Sl. ..i i). Drry on tihe co-operative A supp,,naint to the Government Gazt.e, +. 3til. contt;ai's the regulations under the :ldie if"alhti At, 1883. The borough of i'?rsabs is cot:i'rise I in the western country _;th- ,.l :1, I the dry of nomination : c:u:nri!!or to he the representative ::;,i% of rhe ioardl of public health is -ii fo.r Mrniday, the 23rd inst. The sioe< of Atadsiles, Dimblola. 1)umrunkle, Sriei, Lowan, and Wimmnera are incided :ie werern shlires group and the no:uina n day has be en fixed. for Monday, .m:,biMr 30. (':rerning the ne- Public Health Act, :.Pemberton, ?ecretary of the Wimmero t Council hali issued the suibjoined cir n-ets all other shire secretaries within the ,:etrn group :-" fiorsham, .5th December, 1A. Sir,-The president of this shire :riders that without organisation the He election for the western group undere t- new Health Act cannot do otherwise wa perOe a .fin-vo. The subject is one of Soutmost importance, but there can be no ;;irtunity for tihe local bodies as a whole -Eo: and decide upon a course of action -lg that nominations must hb in by the ir.'in't. The preasialent of tthi shire there :ia ineites the pcesidentls of each of the 60 -i:; interiested to meet in conference at ?ta:. n: Friday, thle 20th ilnst., with a ~ia t~ c aing to a common understanding -a 5 to secure tie return of . geotleman t"p,?-e-ses the will rund abiiity to pre :: eixperimental legisshtion (more arppli xce to citics -nd towns)c frontm res.sing 'h nloue harshness upon sparoely popu ::! contry di:itricts. In issuing this irc.:.r tie intention is to prevcrt mrere :.e. cn::ideratie:rns from spoiling a good 'iPrtumity, andi it is hiopedt that you will -i5t no ti:ne in communicating with your .'il tt, or council, to obtain his or threir rai,:l. In view of tile importance of thle a::t r you ;.re particularly requested to let -t kniw the tdecision arrived at within a Oiek (at !east of tle receipt of this letter. A -,!,steuet: letter wtrill informi you of tihe -'I:iik arrag.eoments nmale." Ac'ordieg tn tile Ballarat Star a joke con 'rning trhe welcominrg of the new Governor Sstated to have bieenl preopetrated by the :-n ?knel joker of the Legislative Assembly, -iih, whether true or not, is iworth giving. 7i?ihis EI r.:-lency w.s Eing conveyed on ;'-I:am launoch, the La.scr sailors on tihe Snz--,, th launchi paaedl that vessel, man I:j l the yrdI. air. Zox, t umorhas iS, siUght iy,:uar rcepree totive of the Barllarat \--tri., swh- is alsi a lrrmriuseot worker :ll .el the il ighe?s' ofilcer in thire A.N.A., I:rm e he said, '" TIht was rather a cruel :-- thie inew covernor said about tihe '-A.--" Wl hat waso tho?" ansked the young -;mb:r. "\Vi-e, whenhe passed tthe Iome, "lthIe L:iscars iannIed thle yards, thie Earl it'hiieslfticd they were the memblers of : -- Au:ralian Natives' Association accorld i shina welcome." Tile hit at'the com an l;icif of residents of the old country " nt the color of Australian natives wse -!isl oy all iwho heardl it. h\a alihietical list of totera for the dee :i: o 0i. neerrl-ra of local committees for 5n0in districts, will be foundi in last lhe ner Itaibbit Act will give the Govern att entire control over thie work of rabbit t'ltueti in ninety infested shires. Tihe I-etital everdaly responsibility belongs to 'h tii ef Inrpector, and hie deals directly : tile owner.r anil occupiers whose land Sin sCtel with rabblits. This involves l-~: Mor. Of one schcedule alone o:'s. pies havIe to be forwarded to dis it I.-t of thie colony, says thie Tdegraph, : rder thaIt the people may know what is -''-c-tel f tihem. In some districts, out ' 1. rat.pavers, 1,100 will have to be "r. til;io~ i r about to make a " MIini -'-id i zetint" to hris Kew eonstituents; etldcyr, ,lurin, this week. Thie address ?. l?| Wi.-h thie pars year's history of the .::n cnt cnL ai ticular refeen i willt.be In Mellburne, on Friday, Judge Casey sentenced some'robbers to some exemplary punishment. Edwards and Ryan for stealing £175 from the clerk of a fellmongery estab lishment, who was proceeding to pay the mesl, were sentenced to ten years and one floggingand twelve years and three floggings respectively. The jndge spoke very strongly as to the cowardly character of the assault where three men set ipon one. In another case of robbery in cozmpaly he senten:ced prisoner to three years' imnprirnn" et .nd twenty a151hS. The severity of thlee ren tenees create,! a ;marnd e:eatin a'n owst tihe many slasri ki:t who a wrer il cu,:lrt. The .Minister of Ccusto:na hna? declisi'. t,> raise the salary of trie IJs:ect r of ship pingu " on the "round that: ccwh-a that r..itier was appointed, six minthr iti , he k"" :I what he was to recive a:nd ' :tc i iw right to nas the Goevernoment to Ire-: ti e ag:cre: nt mude." 'hat alioe the ",,r.eomint" ' wi:h Messrs. S.i.l?bt. Orces an1l I',r". ' The ibcrh!t of lpromlwe o?f m.rriage canse between t,, old p,:rtie f ti!: name of Pearce and I'sh'. rt:-rta" i. o'r ltst issue, wherein the 'formnr clai;i.d 0':1:t was concluded in Mclhoeurae on Fr;l::y whr,!; the jury returned a tree-f.ourt': t vr::iict for the plaintiff for £25 i:d co-ts. Emin Pashla who ' i:h .,'. 8::,ury :,. arrived in safety at T:hgon:y, ,:: o h" E. zibar coast, fell off thie pir: .::. ai:,te to the gron',l 20 feet belov . i:l iii', r,: er is not expected. The Railway Commiissio:nrcs e:pre:' thelrleives hopeful of being ab:., to ,ope with tihe very large traffic in grain which is certain to follow the coming bom:nt:f:l lharest. Although only a very few ef the tricks contrctel for several months ago have been delivered, a large number are in a forward state, and it is expected that the majority-some 400 or 500--will be ready for delivery shortly after the now year, and in time for the heavy traffic. Ths commis sioners have decided to adopt the suggestion m:de in Parlianment of letting sma:ll contracts for building trnuks at a schedule price to be fixed from data gained by comparing the rates paid on previous coutract,. A parliamentary crisis has been reached in New South Wales where a motion if of want of confidence in Sir Henry Parkes' mCovernment has been proposedl lby Mr. Dibbs. The Opposition desire to introduce protection as the fiscal policy of the colony. The debate on the motion will be couneincd to- night. -4-- Mr. M1. Rasmussen, holkseller and eta. tinner, announces the receipt of Christmas Iovelties. We have been requested to drawattention to an advertisement of Mr. B. Heinze's relative to Christmas presents. LFrom Messrs. A. J. Smith and Co., Swanstot-.street, Melbourne, we have re :eived a sample shillitet packet eontiniing fifty Christmas and New Year cards-a marvel of cheapnrss. 