Weather. Pastoral, Crops, &c.; February is one of the months to which Australian agriculturists look hopefully for rains. In the case of this year there is no disappointment. This colony has re ceived a large share of moisture, and is now in what may be termed excellent condition. There are a few patches of country which, unfortunately, are still to some extent drought-stricken. Out far away in the West more rain is stili required, and indeed it may be asked when is it that rains are not wanted in the West. Very few in stances of sufficient supplies can be adduced. These blemishes, however, are few, and the year, if it con tinues to the end^as it has commenced, should, in the matter of weather, be satisfactory to all parties con cerned. Recent telegrams from Wileannia speak of full tanks. Walgett and the country out near the Queensland border are again showing herbage. There should be no excuses from the ploughmen. Stock are fast gaining strength and the growth of wool promises a heaw clip. ALBURY, Febeuaby 10. The splendid fall of 2|in. of rain which occurred during the week -will fairly crown the pastoral prospects for the autumn, and will enable the farmers to start ploughing at once. BALRANALD, February 11. Since my last report we have had several splendid falls of rain, which have cooled the atmosphere con siderably and refreshed the parched plains and herbage. The drought may be eaid to have now broken up, and I do not expect to have to chronicle another for many months to come, at the least. The total of the falls of rain at different places varied from lin. to 3in., which is satisfactory. All the tanks on adjacent stations have been filled by the rain. The river has fallen considerably lately, and the few swamps caused by the former high river have, in receding, left abundance of feed. Several terrible bushfires liave lately occurred in the reed beds near Oxley, by which the whole of Mrs. Moore's paddocks were burned out. CAMDEN, February. 9. Since my last nice seasonable showers have fallen, which nave had the effect of considerably freshening up crops and pasturage. The maize crops are looking splendid, and give promise of a good harvest. Planters' friend appears to be the staple winter fodder in this district, most of which is converted into ensilage. The weather during the past fortnight has been quite autumnal, with chill winds blowing. COOTAMUNDRA, February 11. The weather during the last fortnight has been such as to delight both grazier and farmer, 2in. and 21 points rain being- registered. This fall came just in tune to prevent loss of life to stock, not from want of feed, but from want of water. Although before this last rain we had some nice showers, we never had rain suf ficiently heavy to conserve water, consequently on very many estates there was before this last rain only sufficient water to last a few days longer. The weather is now fine, cool, and pleasant. Stock passings: 1862 uiaideu ewes from Yathong, Uranu, to Bute Park, Cootainundra, A. Emery owner, J. O^Brien in charge; 8500 maiden ewes from Carumbi to Yass, H. , A. Smith owner, F. Forbes in charge; G60 fat wethers from Hose Farm, Coctamundra, to llomebush, J. Sand owner, J. Wheatley in charge. DEKILIQUIN, February 9. On Monday afternoon a terrific thunderstorm passed over the district. Nearly an inch and a-quarter fell in an hour. The next day the rain continued, and the total for the week is little over 5in. The rain extended over a large extent of country, the heaviest portions being between the Lachlan and the Murray and from Balranald to Albury. At odd places tho registrations were abnormal. For instance, at Pine Ridge nearly four and a-half inches fell in two days ; at 'Wargam station six inches and a-half were recorded; and at 'Wilburah seven inches fell in the same time. These places arc all within the Deniliquin district. The river at Deniliquin is at summer level ; but a rise may be expected as soon as the freshet from the upper river arrives. With the exception of bniull local lots, there are no stock crossings here, and it is unlikely that there will be any for another month or two. FORBES, February 9. 'Very heavy rain fell about C o'clock on Tueeday evening, and continued till a late hour that night. On Wednesday it rained a little, but nothing of any im portance. About 175 points fell during Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. The weather now is fine and beautifully cool. GRAFTON, February 11. 'We have been again favoured with some showers, which have done a large amount of good and have helped the growing maize along wonderfully. A week's steady rain would do no harm, and it may be said is needed. A good deal of maize will be harvested towards the end of this month, and the crop generally will be a good one. The grapes have borne very well, and the weather has been exceptionally favourable for their ripening. They have been sold at 2d. per lb., and almost every small vineyard has made a little wine. HAY, February 9. 'We have again been favoured with a splendid fall of rain. After nearly a month of dry hot weather, a'good soaking rain was very acceptable, and it will have the effect of giving the grass a good early start. The country is very bare of feed, and what dry grass there was has been completely demolished by the heavy rain ; but the ground having been so thoroughly saturated an almost immediate spring of grass will take place. Nearly all the rain this year has come from the 6outh, a quarter that we have never got or expected much lain from. INVERELL, Wedktesday. Notwithstanding the general showers with which this district has of late been favoured in many parts there is full need of a lot of rain. Judging from appearances there seems a likelihood of this being experienced for during the last two days there have been indications of a change. On Monday evening a large ring round the moon was observed, and the weatherwise generally agree as to this being a good sign. We are thankful, however, for what rain has fallen; it has had a wonderful effect on the district at large, and has pro duced quite an unexpected growth of grass. KIANDRA, Fbmrcaky 9. Bain has been plentiful this week, and has freshened up the grass, which is plentiful and beautifully green. The numerous mob of cattle and sheep depastured here have lost their starved appearance, after leaving the drought-stricken plains, and will be in fine condition to make the return journey in a few weeks' time. The large amount of rain which has fallen has lowered the temperature considerably. *MOAMA and ECHUCA, February. 9. The weather in die early part of the week was close and warm, followed by a good rainfall on Tuesday night, when 58 points fell. . We had some light showers since, bringing the total fall for the month up to 119 points. It is now beautifully fine, the nights being cold. Grass is growing welL There will probably be a largely increased area under wheat this year, and many farmers are now ploughing. The bulk of last harvest's grain has been delivered; 4s. 3d. is etillthe highest price paid locally for prime wheat. MTJDGEE, February 9. There have been several nice showers during the week, but we could do with a good deal more. What has fallen is only and barely sufficient to start the grass, which shows a fresher appearance than it has for many months past. Should a good downpour come which would be Euffident to fill the watercourses and dams with wgter, it would be an unmixed blessing. PARKES, Februaby 10. W e have had a grand rain during the week, some tti'uifi over an inch and three-quarters feeing recorded. This has livened things up considerably. Some of the large selectors and stockowners were previously in diffi culties for water. The rain has been general over this district, and with another welcome fall the grass will make a move. There is already a good shoot, but it will need a further downpour to make it assured. Stock movements for week: 4150 wethers, Coobang for Yab tree, Gundagai, R. F. Horsley owner ; ; 7000 mixed sheep, Parkcs for Surra Burra, Nagatanby and Co. owners. 'WAGGA WAGGA, February 11. The showers which fell last week throughout this district have had great effect upon the pastures, and as more rrin is confidently anticipated during the month, good winter feed for stock seems assured. In some instances sheep that were about to be travelled in consequence cf the scarcity of grass on their run have been kept back, the owners having faith in their ability, since the rains, to provide sustenance for their flocks at home. WISEMAN'S FERRY, February 11. The weather is all that could be desired. The rain on Friday morning last was a great boon, and every thing looks well. Great shiploads of produce are now passing for Sydney, as the fruit and melon crops are very satisfactory ; in fact, farmers and fruitgrowers seem so eager to get their produce to market that thero is much risk of overloading the boat, and thus endangering lives and property. 