LOCAL AND GENERAL. Gettikc; Ahead of Old Time. — We received by yesterday evening's post the Nyhgan Observer of to-day. ' The Bush.;Fire's. — :An '.immense fire was raging during the early part of the week on the East Bogan about Dandaloo. On Tuesday the ' fire had got hold, of Tyrie and Tabratong stations, .and was said to be fully 20. miles -wide and extending towards Ncvcrtire. Many of the inhabitants oE .Nevertiro, and hands from surrounding' stations aiid selections are out endeavoring -to stop further inroads, . as ,. it is considered , that the situation is most serious. It is reported that sonic four thousand sheep have been burnt to death/ ' LiTiiaow Races. — A great crowd, anda good day's : sport at' the; races at Lithgow yesterday. Almost all the sporting men of Bathurst. who were not too much taken up with the running matches, took advantage of the holiday trains to spend the day at Lithgow, which appears to have been a good thing not only for the' local publicans and the race funds, butalso for the few 'bookies ' who gathered there, as most of theni re turned with lightened pockets'. The following were the winning horses :— Opening Handicap ' (;:{- mile), Mr. Gr. Clout's Amethyst ; Selling Plate, Messrs. Anthony Bros.' Sterling ; Christmas Gift (one mile), MivW. Lloyd's Broker; Champagne Stakes (0 furlongs), Mr. W. White's Result, who was ;also the winner of the Ladies' Bracelet. Collection fou the Hospital. — We.have received a. letter. from. a citizen wlio is'indiguant about what lie believes to have been an ?unauthorised collection for the Hospital made among ..the. crowd at the concert in Machattie Park on Christmas Eve. We fancy he is quite out of it in supposing that the collec tion ;was unauthorised,' as it was initiated by one of those membors of the Hospital committee who are charged' with the duty of soliciting .subscription's and do nations from all and sundry. '. A Prize- taker. — One of the Advo cate staff — Mr. R. Cragg — took second prize in the* Amateur Handicap ; yester day. The silver casket, or biscuit-barrel, valued at three guineas, which he re ceived from the Association, was brought round to the office lastrnight,:- and ex cited the admiration and envy of his brother comps. and other members of the staff, who, however, are -quite disap .pointed that he was- not; as the}7 ex pected, first instead of second. — ? -' ; Throws' From a Horse. — A boy named Albert Pirie, son of Mr. Thos. Pirio, of Bathurst, was riding in one 6f the races at Wobdside yesterday when his horse ran off the track and running against a stump threw him heavily. Pirie sustained a fracture of tho skull. He was brought home last night. , . 