The Wreck of the liiverina, '^Statements of the Passengers. [By Telegraph,] Sydney, Jannary 29. The second officer and three of the crew, with a lady and one male paBaenger of the Elver in a, which went aahore off Bam Head on the morning of the 27th, arrived in the Wendonree at Port Jack son abont 3 o'clock this .morning. Accord ing to the statement of Mr. Lingham, second officer, the Eiverlna struck at 12.40. The coastline previous to and at the time of the disaster was completely enveloped in smoke and haze, supposed to be the result of bushfires. The captain supposed her to be, according to the course he steered, 12 miles off the land, and well clear of all danger. Cap tain Prehn and the second officer were on the bridge at the time, and the vessel, it is stated, was going at the rate of 10 to 11 knotB juBt before she struck. Land was sighted on the port bow by the look out, and the order was given to at once put the helm hard aport, which was Imme diately done. The Eiverlna swung round, half apoint andthenstruck heavily, bump ing and grinding. The engines were stopped and at once put full speed astern, but Bhe remained hard and fast. The order to get ont boats was given and obeyed without loss of time and with great coolness. The carpenter then sounded the hold and found the water making very rapidly In Fo. 2 engine-room. The soundings Bhowed that the Eiverlna was lying in 12 feet of water forward, 16 feet amid ships, and 21 [feat aft. Signals of |distress were fired, and' kept np till the steamer Wendonree came to ship the wrecked people0 at 12 noon on the 28th In the meantime, after the crew and passengers had been landed with out much difficulty, not the least excitement prevailing, tents were erected on Bhore, and everyone was made &B; comfortable as possible. The second officer then proceeded to Gabo Island and reported the disaster. Captain Leneven, cf the Wendonree, stated that when off Cape Yerard he spoke the steamer Fiado, which reported the Eiverlna ashore, and informed the captain of the Wendonree that the Eiverlna wanted her passengers taken to Sydney. The Wendonree at once made a course for Earn Head, where she anchored In eight fathoms of water near to the wreck. Two boats at once came off and informed the captain of the Wendonree of the disaster, and agceed with him to take the second officer and passengers to Sydney. The chief officer, who had charge ot the boat, informed the Wendonree that they could do nothing else for them. He asked that the disaster be reported at Gabo Maud, which was done by the Wendonree. At the tim9 of the Wen donree leaving the Eiverina the captain, his wife, and some of the crew were aboard. The water was smooth at the time of the disaster. The crew of the Eiverina remain at the scene of the wreck to help carry on salvage operations. The steamer Aldinga, with salvage gear, and having aboard Captain Hall, the marine snrveyor, and a salvage crew, left for Eal Head at 8 o'clock this morning, and Bhould reach the Eiverina abont noon to-morrow. Messrs. Alfred Lamb & Co. intend dispatching the steamer Ecbuca to Hamburg in place of the Riverlna. Frances Lee, aged 23, one of the pas sengers by the Riverlna, was admitted to the Sydney Hospital this morning suffer ing from rheumatic fever, the result of getting wet at the time of the disaster. 