t'-1* frL^^ ^SJ^U4it '^ii'.l» resistance j**^ -^h^ good, thftt we cftii do.' MONDA^BEVjaSSEIt-Si 1890. ^LftT&TlON; -5l' COMPANIES. \- We see by recent aoVicis from home that'1tier AgenkGeneral for Tasmania tits^felt himself called upon to refute certain sweeping charges . upon the min ing managers, legal managers, and directors of Tastnanian mining com panies, | ' made Vy a correspoiideiit of that ^ejy, ^degenerate, art journal,, the 'Daily (graphic,' and on the 20th October last thefapef, which published the calumnies, appeared with Mr. Braddon's rejoinder in . its columns. The Agent- General therein; admits that Tasmanian mining companies hare been floated without sufficient capital, and he also acknow ledge 'that incompetent mining man agers exist, but. he utterly repudiates the assertion that ' they are as a rule men who have failed in every other Hue of life, iim'rfiumo'kot know the meaning of the word honesty.' Mr Braddou challenges other assertions made, and declares that . the majority of Tasmanian mining direc tors are men of fan-, tame and position ; rfnd, to show what can be done when acfifeqiiate. capital is provided, he cites the Bischoff Mine, which has declared dividends to the amount of over a million Sterling. There are certain individuals who could never die happy unless, before that much-to-hg-desired event came off, 'they fpm-d« themselves in print, and whose literary talents are of so mediocre a descripTtionthat they could never attain their object, .unless they . happened to . strike a-Movel subject, which , when, highly coloured and seasoned, induced the un Wflry'edttoj;' to find space for it. ; and il is'this high colouring, or. in other words, exaggeration,:'' ;-tliat attracts to it iilie'iiti6ii?'Vvlncli it in no wuydi'serres. 'Jhere J3 also a ptv^iuiislittii dass of eolouist which 'delights iii'Iouliug its owji juesfc— r-ia soihc.. such manner as Sir riainuel ? 'Gwditlis ? unwittingly- achieved ?Such- success in, when he warned the British investing -public against the -unsound 'ventures which his fellow colonists of. Queensland wove placing on the London market ;. the natural aeqaenpe beipg that the British public afterwards regarded all Queensland coaipapies as ?-(;wild catj'.iind carefully .... boycotted- 'theiip._- To' 'one of these two . ;o1ms98 . .the' 5iJ3fl11y Graphic' corres .*yinonflent jii6%aj03)f\\.6n$B, «nd it must, ': ',' j^fo boeji^^ep^e-^^tov the Agentr General's dignity to have to reply to. such statements, which, although conk mencing with an assertion as to jnsuffi-^ cient capitalisation of the . Tasmania^ mines— an assiTtiim which might, pap' haps, contain a certain amount of tvutii^ — culminates in a coarse and W^^ slander on a timst respectable section of' our community. The Agent-General V reply has probably settled the case1' for the 'Daily Graphic's' correspondent, and all wo'havc to consider is the state ment which may, as we have said, con tain a modicum of truth, viz., '' that Tasmanian .niines are floated without sufficient working capital.' Thoprin-i cipal cause of the late disastrous collapse of the Witwatcrsrand Goldfield in the Transvaiil was the flotation, both locally and in London, of its mines with in sufficient working -capital ; and many other promising fields, both of gold and^ other m «tals, have to attribute ? their. failure to the same cause, and this is a lesson wi-. must take to heart hern.! If tins Zwiian and Uundas silver-lead industry turns nut a failure, which is a verv roiiK'te possibility, let us afterwards look back t/i t!u- failure as .the result of the niggariiiiiiwi of nature, and not as the result of the individual aTOricipuspess of thn*i\ win), in disposing of-*heh silver sections, look -d out only for the present lining of their own pockets, and not for the f'uturo. suecess of the mines existing on those s.wiion.--. On the other hand it is not sometimes advisable to acconi ?,n,iii:ii,c ii board of directors imcl? their mining managers with unlimited capital, for both, however well-iutentioned they may be, are loth to admit failure, ami have a tendency, after proving a mine to be a duffer, to go on hoping against hope, and uselessly spending the mon^y/at their disposal as long as if 'holds out. TVr« is '? remedy, however, against Loth these evils, and it is one which throws t!»! responsibility of the success or non-success of a company equally on the shoulders of promoters, directors', and investors. We shall endeavour to- ex- plain what \vg mean as shortly as pos sible. A few days ago it was known in Zechan that a section high in local ropntii on account of the lodes oE high grade ore that it is known to contain — to wit, Trevor fowler's section--was abo-it to be floated in Melbourne. In a moment the tch-grnpliic operator was busily employed in flashing messages ,to Melb'UiriK! froMi all who had : heardj tB£ rumour, applying for an allotment of shares, and prolubly a sufficient number were applied for ill this manner, from Zeohau -alone, to ensure the -flotation of the company. Now, o£ all the applicants, it is doubtful if. any, one^ thorn kueiv'ths exact conditions upon which this section was placed upon tb.e market, and, therefore, these investors would have bad no one , but . tucmselvres to blame if the promoters had' taken advantage of their eagerness, and had de manded exorbitant terms. Fortunately, however, this particular property was ^in good haiuls, and no such ad 'antage was taken, the promoters themselves retain ing a large number of shares and pro viding ample working capital. K«w, probably, no mining country . in the world can boast of its speculating public taking up company shares on- .such vague and meagre information as is con tained in an Australasian mining Com pany's prospectus. These' : a^v-ertUoi nients contain, as a rule, a synop&is;'of some expert's report (with, perhaps,- the unfavourable portions carefully 'elimin- ated), a statement that so muc)i;gocs:iH), the vendors, so much to the promoters, and so much tor working capital ana little else, and there is a general, ifthis isii't-good^enough'yoU-cari-leave'^Ualoiie tone about it which probably foluffs many a puzzled investor into applying for shares, No such free and easy state ment would satisfy tlie English and American investing public. They re quire to know not only the amount, of the working capital, but exactly in wliat manner it is to be kid out. Of course * they are often misled on thi6 pint, but a company promoter of any reputa tion is as a rule careful to keep to state ments ho himself regards as true, not . ouly in his own interest, but to save the reputations of the gentlemen who appear on his board of directors. We, therefore, contend that our promoters should :b'e more open and explicit in iheir .pros pectuses, and that the investing public should insist upon them being so. ,If the working capital is known by' the promoters and the directorate to bo simply sutlick'iit fur a fair amount of di-wlopni:?iit, and that a further distri li'.itiou will be necessary to ;effecfc; sfich improvements as are known will be required before dividends could be ex pected, li;t that fact be clearly stated. Honesty and openness in this ' respect will be found far aud away the best policy to adopt, and, as we; have said before, il directors and promoters, how ever hotest they may be, are/ more explicit, and investors more exacting, we shall -hive fewer p3ople ' throwing itonesat us, and fewer bad mines. AdoiIui' institution wliioh will show die advancement of the town is a Club, 'fur wlu'cii at; liuibie site has also becathtainad. Several -f the leading .rotldente (ire wib scribing 1,1,000 amongst tboraijelvoij to &$* . fray tf»'fiwt.o«Bt. (K-»?»y«'m^lctl f in! rooW Wta? club, licenses vftll »e SJftainea fort the ;-aler-£ :f'ffre8nPient?- mii*iom^rtato bwUinjflT tuwjiatuffit liecomo more- b'earable. The tennis club, which is now laying down its court, will proviae SliiffinT of wiioiesbinrfttrcnlinH 'for'Uhbse jqf .'.sedentary oooupa^ions,, pad Avill doubtless be well patronised -; --liut- what we wanfc^p ^sce is a cricket ground. No matter wlial'it' costs, and what labour may have to be expeuded «n gleariugand lov&Bin;*.1 Irifc us,^ 'by- all teeans; ta*o *« cricket ground! On the. cricket ueni, capital and labour meet together in friendly rivalry, aud enjoy themselves in common in 'a manner which 'no other specieB of snort engenders, and, as we ail know,, friendly relations- between tlie' -two classes* are essentially, necessary, on a .mining field. f Apart ' from1 this; : tlie fe ? is ' nothing like1 a good day's leather hunting to send one. to bed healthily tired, and well satisfied with' himself ; and the pleasure, of lolling over a, !«.?:? Ritfindi'nor vour 'money 'whou you na\e none to spare! treating your friends, wno don't waattD be treated ! sweanug eternal friendship with a man you met m tlie morning, anrt!.punchin£iub head 'irnnie-,- dintely afterwards (or havjng your own punched'iustead1) 'nmsWn'ff' up -by' putting vour boots in bed, and laying yourselt out: side the'dobr to ? be cleaned ! the pleasure of all this— and we suppose there is iMasurfe in1 it, juSgirig f f6in -Mial ite -see— would pall, if we could only get rid of ;our superabundance of vitality and cussediless in a rattling good game of cricket.! Youthful as this field is,, it alroaay pos sesses a very considerable population,1 who are forced to spend week after week in dreary monotony for tiin$ of weanB! di re creation when the bour,s of toil are over. Tlie : greatest dissipation1 indulged: in so far by our residents has been an occasional game of byiifl^B or ip£)ol, ^nd.' pitch j and toss in ttie street lias its votaries when the local pblice-arp, not insight . On Saturday last a thriving business was done by a man with 'a wheel joffottune. V.AU bfifrluch tends to show that the gambling instinct is asi rampant here as it is in all mining fields where sport of a manual description is not provided. Mr. Bryant intends, we understand, on behalf of a local syndicate, to erect an extensive hall as .a place; of amusement, and the building will be 'of sucli 'a' character as will render it suitable for theatrical purposes,-! : boxing contests and skating rink. Two sections of land have:been.reserved'for ,it ina goodoentral position, andit will undpu'biedly supply a great ; want. It is anticipated that the hall will, be completed and available,. for use within six1 weeks.' In a Government Gazette Extraordinary, bearing date 2Bth 'November, the royal assent to the Bill to authorise certain per sons to construct and maintain a Railway from, Mount'Dundas to the town of Zeelij&n;', is an'ndiin'ced. ' J' ' ' ' ' ': As ft. .well-known «urvej or of ' the Dun das distiict'' was 'trampin'g 'wearily on the roughest of rough tracks, right in .'Hie' !backw.OodB, awa/ frpui. eights -anti sounds of civilisation, he met another weaj-y .pede3trian, and .entering, into con versation wilb him, was invited to ' have a nip,' to which request be promptly re sponded, expecting a -^lliinblefull of the 'cratur,' or some such liquid poison. Imagine his astonishment when cham pagne is produced, and the neck of the bottle knocked soft, j , v ./ 1 ? :?» s . The bushfire on the Zeehan property opposite Anderson's Hotel nearly destroyed a lent pitched there, the occupants having only sufficient time to strike camp, and douse the woodwork with water to prevent its catching. Now that dry weather is upon us, great caution 'should be exercised in lighting fires in the bush, as in densely wooded country like that surrounding our township a cpnnagration,,, would spread with great rapidity. In a conversation with - Mr. Eakey (the Inspector of Telegraphs) who was here last week to arrange for the erection of a duplicate to' Strahan, lie expressed his opinion that the telegraph line now in course »b£ construction between Zeehjin and Hobart could not be finished at any rate for twelve months, jmd said that it was decided on in opposition to his vinws on the subjecti lie estimates the cost of labour on the new line at £3,000, and tbe cost of labour on a line erected on the pre sent pole's to Launeeston 'for the use of Zeehan only at £600: Besides the advan tage in price, the duplicate line to Laun eeston .could, Mr. Fahey says, be completed at any rate by the end or February next year. It will be seen that tbe Inspector's estimate of ibe cost of aii additional wire to Launeeston, viz., 'A'600, differs very materially from that of the head oi' Jibe de partment, Mr. Henry, wlio informed us that tbe proposed work, would cost £3,000. From 5 o'clock until 8 o'clock p.m. on Saliirdny * crowd of «oine-'-600 people wuilfcd patiently to see ti Chopping Aljtch take place' between two well-Known axe men, naineii G Watts and J. iion-y. The adyerw*-l-l-J.inie;Wtts half-past 5, but owing tiVoiie /middling' by those in change oi: the arrangements it was nearly 8 'o'clock wheu.thoyajenjgottq-wprk; ?'l^ie;Zceban Hotel aAd surrouna'iiig buildings presented a peculiar appearance,- every point of vantage being seized ..i.pon. l-y, ihe specta tors. Eail? vfirsradahhad as many oecu piSitsiBaiit could .-carry, while'oO spoctawrs oruamentitd the crown of the hotel build ing. Oncj;-;nterp):isjug individual perched himself oi/ilie top of the chimney, but as a.fire'uf-gi'fei:n wood'wn's burning' bulow he found hiif^lf.. getting '.'? hnijiiny.-'. The seat was'utu yood to 'loa'ye^ however, so he, plSbed;;lifi? poiit- over .iliit-.'o^eaiug, whicli effettudllyjpuijja. the ' curing process,' but brought f'ie biudko dut'bf the front door ai a rate which soon'cleared away upectatortt ffuuj'ilfi vioyiity. , .O.ur^ Spwriiug,. JS.ikoTi ^s'he'is tiotinuoh'&t;'1 rapoitidg' cuopping itifitchtis, but lie is aujja aotfirf at iwui i-uefesV- W* % tiiSvcfrun' :-^«t&i; u'tid 5orr(y ^ofc^lie,- waterr4.;^eani pod-* together at 7-47, and UieJiUUr'-junncdw^ -4efy 'forgal ohoaa.piilling-I mean lnt tinW qnicirtlroke ««£ ahmtn. Mil lion a 'minut^, Watt's pullinn well within himself, but with a cramped stvlc, which compared ^flgSK&tably; wilh Beny.'s inore g.ncefu stroke j\Vatt's, however, sp.empd to pet more power into his scull— axe I suppose— TfMiouth he' rowed (d ? .it chopped) witU a slower Kl.oko than Ins oppnn-ni. Ovving to the foiling light boll, the ....?« cot off tbe course, and had to change t Heir water two or three times. Just as tliev rounded Knotty Point both men quickened their stroke, but a rfiout wunt y that Berry was beaten, anil sure enough in t-lio ftir time of fi minutes 20 seconds Watt s paddled in (chopped in) in easy winner by Bix boats! wood! water! scull— confound these chopping malclios — axe lengths. The Sportiug Editor threatens to send in. bis resignation if entrusted wilh another chopping match to report upon. _ He roems to bave laboured, under the impression : under tbo impression that ho was watching Beach aud Hanlan, and as he was one of the crowd who fell off the ridg« pole of : tbo hotel and brought down Clarke 8 back verandah, he has been (stiffening himself with beer ever since, and it will pro bably be some time,. before he is fat tor further service. On Friday last one of our well-known carriers came to grief near the old Orient tin working, a deep rut snapping one ot his dray's wheels off. No other damage was sustained except the smashing in of a cask of beer, and as the thermometer rau«ed over a 100 degrees, the result, was ^'unacceptable to a party of road men and Zeehan visitors, who, fortunately ior themselves, were handy to the accident. This week, : we learn, Ilia Tasmahiau S.N. Company intend running the well known sis. Moreton from Melbourne, via North-West Coast ports, to opun up a direct trade to Strahan and Trial Harbour. This will furnish another useful route to the many visitors who may be expected to our valuable silver fields this summer. The Hon. Nicholas J. Brown, member for this district, Mr Montagu II. Jones, the well- known1 railway contractor, and other Ilobart celebrities, are expected to arrive in Zeehan to-day. Mr Brown, as pre viously announced, will address the elec tors on Thursday evening in the Wes leyan Church. , ' - ? ?_ The secretary of tbe Hunter, lies, and McCauley S.M. Co., intimates that Messrs T. Scoiffftnd' Go., 'financiers, etc., have written him. stating that 3,000 shares will be taken up in Melbourne. Those wish ing to secure shares in this well-known section bad better do so without delay, as when the sufficient number are applied for the list will be closed. 