BRIEF mention. A prisoner has been recently sen tenced to 3,000 years imprisonment He commit' ed 300 forgeries, and receiv ed 10 years for each. A woman of 97, in Massachusefcs, claims she has smoked tobacco for half a century, her average consumption of the weed being twelve pipefuis a day. Reports from the Yilgarn .goldfields of late have been somewnat discourag ing. But then don'fc-cher-know we must remember where they emanate from. The other day a suake was discovered swallowing a member of the feathered tribe known as the " squeaker,' at Mr. J. T. Monger's Talbot station. Upon further examination a full grown parrot was found concealed in the internal ar rangements of the veuemous reptile. Evidently " snakey" had a failing for birds. It is calculated that 60,000 gallons of wine are drunk at the communion-tables of the various religious bodies in Ame rica every year. Ah the wine contains alcohol. There is a stream near Tucson, Ari zona, v\hich petrifies every substance put into it. A biscuit dropped into the crystal water turned to stone within a few minutes. Savs a South Australian contempora ry :—Leaving 12 children, 50 grand children, and 31 great-grandchildren— that's what a colonist of 40 years has left. While on a visit to this town recent ly, we are informed, the Inspector of Public Works (Mr. J. J. Harwood) in spected the police quarters here With what view we know not, but we should hope with the view of pulling thein down, and building new ones. The present quarters are in a most dilapi dated condition, and as samples of ar chitecture are a disgrace to the town. A few hundred pounds could be very wisely spent in this direction. The bush-fire attracted a large crowd of people on Mount Brown the other evening. Some very amusing scenes were witnessed. One gentleman, who assumed the important position of leader in a party of some four or five horse men, became entangled in a rope which had been tied within about 6 feet of the ground. The effect was anything but pleasing, and it is whispered that some very warm adjectives were indulg ed in. A fact.—One of the members of the black fraternity, who from his appear ance was scarcely out of his "teens," entered one of our leading hotels the other day, and wending hie way to the kitchen demanded, with all the pre sumption imaginable, dinner from the cook, and wished to impress upon the mind of" Cookie," .that he was very partial to poultry and sucking-pig. Tendering a ,coin the darkey stated he was now prepared to .commence opera tions. Ho seated himself down at the table, and soon started to devour the edibles placed before him. Half-an-hour elapsed but there were no signs of the darkey's appetite .being appeased. The cook was growing impatient, and from his countenance seemed to be greatly dissatisfied with the conduct of the black visitor. As the darkey refused to move the cook determined to take steps to rid himself of the unwelcome visi tor, and catching hold of him immediate ly ejected him in a violent manner from the room, and in forcible tones told the nigger to " Go to h—1." Upon gather ing himself together a hit, the darkey turned around and informed " cookie,' that he would be prepared to visit those regions, if he (the cook) would kindly walk ahead and clear the way. The ef fect is untold. —A medical contemporary says the most difficult surgical operation of all is to take the cheek out of some of our young men. —StraDge result of yawning. — In Dublin, a bricklayer named Boylan was taken to the Jervis Street Hospital for an unusual accident. The man'B mouth was stretched to its utmost capacity, and he was unable to close it. Dr. Hughes discovered that the low-er jaw was dislocated, but with little trouble he slipped it back into the sockets. Boy lan, who thus regained speech, states that he was indulging in a .good yawn when the mishap occurred A schoolgirl being told to parse the sentence" He kissed me," consented reluctantly, because opposed to speak ing of private affairain pub»ic. " He" she commenced with unnecessary emphasis, and a fond lingering over the word that brought crimson to her cbeeks," Ib a pronoun, third person, singular number, masculine gender : a gentleman pretty well fixed ; universally considered a good catch. Kiss is a verb, transitive—too much so ; regular—every evening ; in dicative mood—indicating affection ; fu st and third persons, plural number, and governed by circumstances. Me—oh, everybody knows me." And .down aha went. 