THE WEATHER. lE ;i£f©ne of the mostipesfiqiable privi- jilegefi <cf a Briton to gryimble, and his j (favorite theme of conversation is the wssafsliGi:. When he eaa £fiucl jjo other gSlfejeqt Upon which to expend -.his, objur gations he !kas at least this topic tto fail back iupon And anathemafeso. ffn Ahe little island jin the northern seas ifr«n which sprang .the all-pervading Anglo- Saxon rase this -was excusable ; for , even - a native-born Englishman might feel j justified in. gi'umhUng at the capricious-' ness of meteorology, which caused the American visitor to (declare that " EEg- Ififld liid plenty of weather, but no clifaate." The British colonist and his descendants carry this idiosyncrasy with them in whatever pari of the globe they in£y settle, and from " Greenland's jcy mountains to India's coral strand" continue .to vilify the climate of tbe linad they ihave adopted. This is un reasonable. It cannot be expected that .nature will -modify her arrangements to sSflit/the tenipeifjneut of those who seek liar .-under diverse aspects. The ex pedience of over .-a century has made the 'Englishman Miliar with the pecu liar (fllimxdic phenomena of this southern land, .with its at timers sudden alterna tions rtf (Withering droughts and destruc tive deEogeji, .until he begins to recognise that In# former idea ae go there being four seasons jin the year is a mistake, and that -here -.we have .00% two— the wet and the jlry. Yet, with this ac quired knowledge, ;still he .grumbles. When tbe foods of winter overwhelm -his fields, invade his towns, and sweep away his roads and bridges, he gruiflb?es and patiently repairs the dam&g;?. When a drought succeeds, and he seesi watercourses vanishing, herbage dissi-i pated in dust, and his sheep and cattle perishing, he grumbles, and waits for a change with what patience he may. But .seldom has he had such opportunity to indulge in this national propensity, and w?ih such good reason, as in the last six sleeks. It is not th.-J- the boat is abnormally groat; old cnloniits can scall man instances of equally high (temperature, but not for snca a pro longed period. Since Christmas it has toon one monotonous interval of enervat ing heat, which, contrary to all precedent jn our elevated region, has remained con stantly both day and night. Daring the day the sun beats upon town and country with its pitiless glare, nniess when partially obscured by the heavy vapor of bush- fires ; and when it seta like a shield of burning copper amid the sullen mists, night brings with it no renovating breeze. Man grumbles, and works on in desperate defiance, or succambs into despairing lassitude. The writers of antiquity depicted Tantalus as plunged -to the neck in water which never reached his lips- In our climate they would have located him in Beechworth, and t&tetalised; him with daily telegrams of floods in Queensland, thanderatorms in Sydney, and rainb on the cowfcof. Vic toria, while his fainting gftze IflHlM bfl fijed OH the plouda wliicji gathered oyer- bWl "at Aight, only tg be dissipated with the uprising of the fiery orb of Say. Yet it is a matter for serious consideration whether much of ll'no dis comfort w-s undergo is not tine to out- own habits and customs. The Briton is an intensely 'conservative animal, and in th's sub-tropical c'Rirate clings with an obstinacy wLich woold be lieroic were not idiotic 'to -the utterly unsuitable! peculiarities of'food and cle'thing which: were amsropriate to -a marc rigorous northern climate. There is no doubt that wcKonsume-too ranch, animal food,, and at $he wrongvtiine. We commences the day-ffith 'a-substantial meal of clasps or stesiis, anil-then in 'the hottest ipayt of the 'day increase our -sfcock of caloric by that solid 'dinner which Englishmen have '"been taught to consider the snosij important fanbiion of their lives. Wd are 'bidden' to c&ake; example from, the natives of the hot elimAtes, who live and thrive on'fririt?«and vegetables, and there is -icQf doubt onr systems would be better for a' larger- sdiiuiituve-cf such diet. As to liquids, doeuors differ, as they iway hs.v(Tdone. X>oe reeoaiEiencls a miinmum ofdfirink, whiVc 'auobher advises a Eberaj absorption of liquid. -The typical Errtou set'ks to alkw liis - thirst with -huge draughts of'kshvy -beer or mild nips of- sj&vits; and vroter, botliof which mifi-anie Iks 'blood aiid. - confuse his brain. The total abstainer revbls in a vatisiy of oosfiials. etc., .-f the &smpositian; el most dfvwbich it is eerfcainljikirue that " aguor- .anes is bliss AYater.aacl milk ai-e both d-enonuced ast&etive-diSjeminatoiS;'lff the fef.ded mic-r&l;>e, arid cothing is left to persoiritig humariity -tiat the cold tea of the! back-blocks. One clothing akoiis -equally uusnisable for a hot elimste. the nations of antiqittty were wiser in thiir generate;; and tihough we may look with longing ey&s; upon the £ree aad-_gracefal retbos- of Gtseee and Home, we .obstinately (-adhere to the close- gaimeui£ wb-icb \vrere iiGCCSsaii'y in Britain, and Which in nsturn adheie to us iftn weather like rthe .present. Tke pith helmet andilineii garments have been .accepted as a compromise ; but the i-respectable .citizen still loyally clings t > Iris bi'ocfidlotk -aud tall hat, with -a martyrlike Yosignation which is too ridiculous to be admirable. At night, U'f he takss kisipleasuraat banquet or ball, ike encases "liis suffering body in the same lugubrious -.fdstire. jinicnsifying his discomfort- witli .a -stiff (Collar ap propriately termed " -a -white <ehoker, and patent leather sfe&es; wlioss glossy surface forbids the free passage of per- spiratior.. -Our houses Ki'-e buQtou tbe old English model, with the slight addi- l tion of a narrow verandah. Gur .ceilings I and floors are innocent of ventilation to j allow the free passage of air, and we lay iiiie foundations close to the ground, iignorant or careless of the fact that s.n .elevation of two or three feet would re duce the temperature by many degrees. W& appear content to put up with these inaonveniences ac.d solace ourselves with .eomplaints against the weather. Even our meteorologists, give us but seaut comfort, and while the northern rivers are sweeping over square miles of country, a Sydney weather prophet aunounees a three-years' drought. Our own Government astronomer is more guarded in bis vaticinations, and his forecasts even for the next twenty-four hours are generally qualified with a " probably." In the meanwhile, we can but do our best to mitigate the con tinued aridity by such means as lie in our power, and await the issue with what equanimity we may, remembering the truth of the old proverb, " What can't be cured must he endured," and tbat — Patience and resignation are the pillars Of human peace ou earth. 