LBENEVA ITEMS. Saturday. As there. are. none of. Nature's laws that we have,- notwithatanding our boasted scientifo knowledge-less control over than we have over the weather, every phase of it becomes of'greek interest and importance to every individual. Hence I euppaos the public are always well pleeaed.to.be posted by the scribblers to the press on this topiolfrom time to time from' any locality. Our stumner he been passing swiftly and pleasantly enough, no extremes of heat or cold having boon felt in. this neighborhood. The green of spring has been maintained until within the pasn few days, but now the brown of eummer is asserting itself,, and we are bo ginning it feel how welcome a gooddown fall of Nature's restorer would be, partiou larly as it would postpone the dangers of a bush-fire, and prolong the plenaures of the green hoes so pleasing to the eye. Very. little rain, fell during December, onlys4 points. To-day the thermometer regitered 102 in the shade at 12 npoo. This is quite hot enough, and 4 degrees hotter than Boxing Day here. Harvest is nearly completed around us. Vines are looking excellent, and "show ing well." Indeed, 1 never saw prospects of a better- crop. than. I was. shown the other day in Mr Mannas' vineyards, espe. cially of brown muscatel and reisling. Oidium has shown itself in a few patches, but on the whole not so much as in some ears. The idea propounded by Signor Bragato, one of the experts from Europe, before the Royal Commjssion. of Victoria, that blight was in the air, Z think, will not stand good. I was shown several bunches of grapes covered by it that were lying on the ground, while others higher up on the vines were quite free. I should like i( other wine growers would observe a:ndconmmunicate the result of their ob servations,. as it is of very great impor tance; for-if it should be proved, to.be in the air it is no use to aulphnr the vines u.til it actually shows itself, as such a course would seem.to me to be a uselesa expenditure of time and money. There is, however,, something to be said in favor of Signor Bragato's views of the question, for last year my attention was called to a vine that was severely attacked with oidium. This vine was tied upo in the ordinary way, one large.branch, however, had fallenton, the ground. On lifting it and examining the bunches that were lying on the ground there was no trace what ever of oidium on these bunches. A general meeting of the committee of the Lenea M utual improvement Society was held on Thursday evening last, hav ing been adjourned from the night pre. vious owing to its being a holiday. Ac counts were passed for payment, and arrangements suggested for hplding the annual nmeeting at an:early-a date as.pos libls. Much dissatisfaction was expressed and warmth of feeling shown. towardslthe Loneva and Upper Indigo correspondent's reports.of the proceedings of the,meetings held at the. hall from, tim. to time, It was asserted that the reposta were either so garbled, so misleading, as to, date, or untrue in fact, that they only misled the public. This was. stated to. be especially the case with regard to a recent social hold on New Year's Eve, and a motion was unanimously passed expressive of in dignation, and instructing the hon. sec. retary to write to. the press informing the public that the report was unfounded, as no committee meeting was held, the prime movers in the matter not being present on the ocansion referred to. Not withatanding, however, the injurious effect which the report had in keeping many away, the meeting was quite. a saceen, and credit is due to the energy displayed by the committee. Special mention is due to Messrs J. Boyes, S. 0. Mannsa E. W. Mauns (hon, see.), A. Terry, together with Miss Boye and hrs Williams, in decorating andcarranging the stall. The refreshments, supplied by Mr W. Williams, of Wodonga, were ez esolent. The music was first- cl?s, and the floor, of which the people of Leneva were proud, was in splendid condition. [Our Leneva and Upper Indigo corrme pundent relplies o these strictures in an other portion of to-day's issue-Ep.] 