NEW SOUTH WALES. fFrom our own Correspondent. 1 Sidney, January 24, The mayoress (Mrs. Sydney Burdekln) held her first official reception in the Exhibition Building this afternoon. The affair was a brilliant one, over 3,000 persons attending. Hot weather has again set In. Very Intense heat is reported from a number of stations inland. Two suicides took place in the suburbs this morning. A married woman named Marlon Jane Potts, residing at Summer Hill, hanged herself in a bathroom. She had been in bad health for several months and had made two previous. attempts at suicide. The second case was that of a man named Stephen Morris, a laborer, whose body, with a shot wound in the head and a revolver lying by the side, wa3 found in a paddock off Point street. The deceased had threatened to make away with himself. It was understood that Mr. Pallman was yesterday approached by a Sydney syndicate with reference* to disposing of his invention for overcoming the difficulty of break of-gauge. The Trades and Labor Council have passed a resolution emphatically protest ing against the indiscriminate proclama tion by the Government of public holi days, it being urged that the working classes greatly suffered thereby. The dispute between Messrs. Warbur ton,coal merchants, and the Coal Lumpers' Union was further aggravated to day by Messrs. Waiburtonsetting their own men to unload the Royal Shepherd. The firm had notified that they would do this unless they had an. ultimatum from the Lumpers' Union by a given blihe. A meeting of the Maritime Council was held to-night to discuss the difficulty,-but the greatest secrecy was observed In regard to whether any decision would be arrived at or not. Yery extensive bushfires. are reported to be raging at the head of. the Murray. Thousands of acres of good grass have been destroyed in the vicinity of old Junee. Robert McNickle, a farmer, had a quantity of bagged wheat and two straw stacks destroyed- He estimated the damage done [at £200. Other wheat paddocks were saved with the greatest trouble. Much fencing has been destroyed. The fire is still raging. Keven O'Rourke on whose farm the fire was first seen was arrested, and held In custody by McNickle, who suspected O'Rourke of in cendiarism. 