THE evidence taken before the Rail- ways Standing Committee on Tuesday is, in many respects, curiously sugges- tive. The line under consideration was that from Bairnsdale to Bruthen, which passes for the most part through heavily broken country Mr G. C. DARBYSHIRE, Assistant Engineer in- Chief of Railways, being examined, said a survey of this line had been made, and the usual official report of it furnished to the Minister. The local surveyor had no check upon his work. He was simply told to find the best line he could, and his report as to this, and to the amount and description of timber locally available, appears to have been accepted without question. As to probabilities of traffic, the Rail- way Department applied to the Govern- ment Statistician for some figures, and on the information so supplied the report was founded. It has been alleged with regard to this particular survey that the line followed by it is neither the shortest nor the easiest, and that the field engineer might have heard of a far better one had he chosen to enquire among residents well ac- quainted with the country. Mr DARBY- SHIRE did not consider it the duty of the constructing or inspecting engineers to make any recommendations or to warn the Minister of Railways that any line would not pay. And he stated that the difference between the cost of a wide and a narrow gauge line was so small that it did not justify a break of gauge. The next witness, Mr A. G. LUNT, assistant engineer, admitted that population was very scanty on some sections of the proposed line, but did not report this regaiding it, presumably, as a matter of no consequence. He did not think the line would increase settle- ment because the good land was already occupied, and he was clearly of opinion that it would not pay. Part of the route was through barren country where cultivation was out of the ques- tion, and this very important fact, although duly reported to the depart- ment, was curiously enough left out of the Commissioners’ report. On the question of gauges, Mr LUNT at first said the narrow gauge would not be much cheaper. Upon further question be admitted that on the line under consideration a narrow gauge would save 703,600 yards of earthworks, at an estimated costof £111,460. There would be a further all round saving on the narrow gauge. The discrepancy between the testimony of Mr LUNT and that of the assistant engineer in chief is worthy of serious attention. And it is worthy of remark that the central department exercised no super- vision over the choosing of the route, while the field engineer seems to con- sider he had met all requiiements by casual glances at the country a mile or so on each side. He had to admit that an easier and better line might have been found two miles away, and such an one has, we understand, been dis- covered by men who are expert bush- men, but do not pretend to be engi- neers. The standing committee will do good work if they let more light in upon the inner working of the railway construction department. Although too late to remedy past botching and blundering, yet it is as well that the public should know who were the botchers and blunderers. It would seem that once a line was log rolled through Parliament, it was safe from adverse criticism, as neither engineers nor Commissioners regarded it as any part of their duty to comment un- favorably on even the most monstrous propositions No wonder the colony is saddled with a dead weight of un- profitable railways. The chairman of the committee is of opinion that lines which would not pay on the basis of present settlement and population might sometimes be worth making for the additional value they would impart to Crown lands. It has been said that the proposed line to Bruthen, and on to Omeo, would open up a million of acres for settlement, and, in places, for cultivation. It is fuither computed that a railway which would serve to develop this territory would add 30s per acre to its selling value. That would mean a million and and half of money, if the State strictly reserved every acre of this land till a railway was completed, and then added 30s per acre to the upset rate in consideration of the additional ad- vantage conferred by the line. The national treasury has lost an enormous amount because such a policy was not initiated long ago. On nearly every line that has been built shrewd buyers have been allowed to secure the railway frontages at rates which were current before the lines were projected, but absurdly inadequate to the value of the land as improved by a railway. When such safe and easy speculations are provided by a negligent Government, men unhampered by any nice sense of honor have the strongest temptation to combine and engineer lines through the House with a view of seeming the increment of value which ought to go to the general revenue. It is more than possible that some of the lines which admit of no honest and rational justification are the outcome of secret combinations of this sort,and the Com- binations and engineers, and in fact the whole department by refusing to condemn or even report adversely on such enterprises, are no more nor less than assessories to them. It is impossible to deny that the country at large was led to suppose the commis- sioners, as shrewd commercial men and professional experts, would ex- amine every line on its merits, and re- port to Parliament accordingly. And it is clear that they have not only neglected to make such examinations, but have themselves, or by then offi- cers, omitted to report damaging facts in connection with railway proposals, when such facts were well within their knowledge And for this the country will, sooner or later, come to a reckon- ing with not only the commissioners, but the whole Railway Department. We published yesterday a series of suggestions for the organisation of an agricultural department in connection with our School of Mines. These suggestions will, no doubt receive every consideration, containing as they do much that should be of practical value. It will be seen that the idea is not so much to construct a wholly new de- partment as to utilise existing facilities for teaching those branches of science which have a direct bearing on agriculture. The students will at- tend classes and lectures during term, and the balance of their time will be spent in practical farm work. On securing the necessary evidence that they have been diligent and capable workers in the field, and that they have mastered the curriculum of classes and lectures, they will be entitled to certificates to that effect, and will be eligible to enter for the diploma and certificates of the Council of Agricul- tural Education. That is to say they would start in life as expert agricul- turists with similarly valuable creden- tials to those of the students who obtain the school’s certificate of com- petency in raining knowledge. The great value of an industrial and tech- nical diploma from the Ballarat School of Mines is well known throughout Australia. And there is no such in- congruity as might be at first imagined in the association of mineralogical and agricultural study. On the contrary, the two lines touch each other at a variety of points. Inorganic chemistry is a cardinal point in the training of a mining student, and it is the same in that of an agricultural one. This is true also of surveying, and to some ex- tent of botany, geology, knowledge of machinery. To ensure a thorough practical training the mining student must spend part at least of his time in shafts or drives, and for the same reason the agricultural student must alternate from the class room to the field. But within the School of Mines their studies would have much in com- mon. Too much stress need not be laid on this, but it serves to show that the new proposal, while it would still further broaden and popularise the basis of our admirable technical col- lege, could be carried out without making any radical or costly additions to present arrangements. The classes and lectures for the agri- cultural students will be timed to come on when farm work is dull, and on the other hand the practical study in the field will be carried through the period when the most important operations are in progress. Mr WALLACE, the writer of the paper in yesterday’s Star, notes that a proposal to establish an agricultural department to the school, was made eight years since, at a time, in fact when the value of applied science in agriculture was much less apprehended than now. This may be why no progress has been made in the matter Now, however, when the organisation of agricultural classes would be so easy and is ad- mittedly so good a thing, and when the new departure could be taken without interfering with existing arrangements at the school, there can be no excuse for further delay. The Hon A, McLean, Minister of Lands and Agriculture, yesterday visited Bungaree to see the experiments made by Professor Brown to exterminate the Californian thistle. A report appears elsewhere in The Star. Mr Reginald A. F. Murray, Government geologist, visited the scene of the boring with the diamond drill at Warrenheip on Wednesday. The last bore (east) put down bottomed at about 60 feet. The previous bore was deeper; and, as the last two bores yielded a little drift, Mr Murray recom- mends that, before the drill is removed, a bore should be put down to test the country lying between these two last bores. Mr Murray visited Scarsdale yesterday to exa- mine some country there. Advantage was taken of presence in Bal- larat yesterday of the Hon. Mr A. McLean, Minister of Lands and Agrticulture, to repre- sent the requirements of the A. and P. Society for more room in the showyards. Mr McLean was accompanied by Messrs Dunn and Murphy, M’s L. A., G. G. Morton (president), T. Bath (treasurer), and S. Mor- rison (secretary) of the A. and P. Society. Professor Brown, and Mr D. Martin, Secre- tary for Agriculture. The Minster was shown the road that it was sought to include in the yards. Mr McLean admitted that the yards were too small, and indicated that he would not throw any obstacle in the way of the society acquiring the extra land required if it could be arranged. The fortnightly meeting of the Town Council takes place to day. Messrs Niven and Co. have sent us an excellent lithographed-plan of the famous Madame Berry mine. The plan of the underground wolkings is copied from Mr Robt. Allan’s report to the Government. All the main and washdirt drives, with the blocked out ground, are colored and shown very clearly, together with shaft showing its depth, rocks and varied clays. The total dividends paid up to 27th October last amounted to £632,500, equivalent to £36 5s per share. Of the future, Mr Maughan, the manager, says “ the prospects are good— ground about 1200 feet in length and 1000 feet have been opened up, without taking into consideration other portions of the mine, and any virgin yet to be opened up.” Yesterday, at the Town Police Court, the presiding magistrates were Messrs Thomson, P.M., Glenny, Williams , and Phillips, J’s P. A man named John White, charged with vagrancy, was sent to gaol for six months. Constable Gardiner said the accused was an old Melbourne thief, but White, who is also known as Dixon, replied that “ he was never in a court in his life before.” The police next stated that prisoner was the man who some time ago stole a horse and buggy, for which offence he was arrested at Bacchus Marsh by Detective Charles. In the ad- journed case of Harris v Lee Young, damages 1s were allowed, with 26s costs Two boys having been fined 5s for using shanghais, Elizabeth Barry, of the Limerick and Clare Castle hotel, was mulcted in a penalty of £2, with 5s costs, for Sunday trading. A second charge against Mrs Barry of having her bar door unlocked during prohibited hours was withdrawn. Mark Berlin was fined 5s, with 2s 6d costs, for driving over a crossing at other than a walking pace. Other routine business having been dealt with, the court ad- journed The Smeaton show was continued yester- day afternoon, and was very largely attended. A report appeals in another column. Mr Levinson, a former president of the Ballarat Orphan Asylum, and the executor in the estate of the late Mr Jackson, is now engaged in distributing the assets in the estate. He has brought under the notice of the legatees the claims of the Asylum, and has been fortunate in collecting for the insti- tution the sum of £50. This sum has been invested in Government debentures, which are to be added to the endowment fund, three of the children of the late Mr Jackson were at one time inmates of the Orphan Asylum. The health of Professor Smith, of the School of Mines, is improving. He is still resting In Adelaide The following thefts have been reported to the police: —From the person of John Lewis, in Ballarat, a silver hunting lever watch. From the hut of Terence Olivill, Dunnstown, a silver hunting lever watch. From the dwelling of John Richards, Vic- toria street, Ballarat East, gent’s silver open- faced English lever watch, ladies’ gold chain with gold key attached, and two gold brooches. A young man named Charles Tabell was arrested yesterday by Constable Ross on a charge of stealing two coats, value £2, the property of Kyran Laherty The coats were taken from the prosecutor’s cab. The pri- soner will be brought before the City magis- trates this morning The death is announced of Mr F. W. Ackroyd, of Prahran. Deceased resided in Ballarat for many years, and was very suc- cessful as a mining investor. The funeral will take place today, moving from the Western station at 3 20. There was a good muster of the Ballarat Militia on parade last night. Major Williams in command. The men were first exercised in the new manual exercise by Major Williams, in firing exercise by Major Gar- butt, and in the new bayonet exercise by Captain and Adjutant Hennah. The tug-of- war team will have a practice next Tuesday night to get themselves ready for the military sports, which take place in Mel- bourne on the 6th December. Mr Fred. Smith, who is employed by Mr T. Gill at Lake Wendouree, on Wednesday morning caught a very fine eel weighing 8 lb 3 oz. This is one of the largest eels yet caught in Lake Wendouree. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday.—Rebecca Bullman, residing at Little Bendigo, suffering from a fracture of the right arm caused by a fall; William Wilson, a groom employed at Craig’s hotel, suffering from a fracture of the wrist caused by a fall from a ladder; and Joseph Sharley, Peel street, also suffering from a broken arm caused by a fall. The sufferers in each instance left the institution after receiving the necessary medical treat- ment At a special sitting of the Smythesdale Land Board on Wednesday (writes our cor- respondent) a searching and exhaustive en- quiry, extending over eight hours, was made by Messrs Nuzum and Watson, assisted by Mr John Lynch, Government mining sur- veyor, touching the management of the Linton, Lucky Womans, and Italian Gold- fields Common A large number of witnesses were examined on both sides, and Mr Wan- liss appeared for the complainants. The board decided to recommend the Lands De- partment to reduce the size of the common to 3500 acres. The land will be thrown open for selection and reconstituted. A report of the proceedings appears in another column. The Doll’s House Carnival was continued yesterday afternoon and evening at Christ Church schoolroom. A lucrative business was done at the stalls. The musical por- tion of the programme one of the pleasing features of the proceedings. The proceeds are to be devoted to the funds of the parish. During the progress of the breach of pro- mise case at the fortnightly meeting of the City branch, A. N. A, some thoughtless lads amongst the audience stood on the tables. These were so damaged that it will cost several pounds to plane and varnish them again. The branch have undertaken to pay the sum required. An important sale of Geelong property will be held to morrow at Geelong by Messrs Abraham, Sutherland, and Co., in conjunc- tion with Mr W. P Carr. The lot includes mansion and villa sites, forming unsold allotments in Buckland’s paddock. The ground, which is a rising part of Geelong, has frontages to Laurel Bank parade. Buck- land avenue, and Austin street. No fewer than 30 lots will be offered for competition, and the whole will be for absolute sale in order to clear up the estate. Special terms are offered to builders or purchasers of large blocks. The sites are in a convenient posi- tion in the centre of business, command a beautiful view, and are well drained. The formation of roads and footpaths is almost completed, and water is laid on to the land. The sale will commence at half past 2 o’clock on the ground. The Lydiard Street Wesleyan M. I. A. met last evening in the Dana Street Schoolroom. There was a large attendance, Mr F. Williams occupied the chair. A discussion was opened by Messrs R. C. Wray, A Hunter, jun , W. Bowie, and E. Nye, B. A , on the subject of which is the greatest thing in the world—health, wealth, love, or know- ledge. The following members also spoke: —Messrs E. Scarborough, W. Williams, W. Curnow, Fred. Williams, D. J. Wheal, Dr Mitchell, R. Q. Dimsey, D Avery, W. Pear- son, W. F. Coltma. As compared with the other subjects named, love was considered by the majority of the speakers as the greatest thing in the world. The openers having replied, a very interesting evening was closed by the singing of the doxology. Publicans and others are reminded that the gates, booths, and other privileges in connection with the Ballarat Turf Club’s forthcoming meeting will be sold to day at Craig’s hotel at 12 noon. The attendance is expected to be the largest for some time, and no doubt the booths, &c; , will realise good prices. There will be a special traim (sic) from Melboune on the morning of the races, and a large influx of visitors from the metropolis is expected. At the meeting of the Sebastapol Council last evening the town clerk apologised for absence of Cr Dickinson, which was due to the serious illness of his second son. Regret was expressed at the sad news. The Gong Gong Wesleyen Church anni- versary was held on Sunday last, Mr Martin Hosking and Revs. C. Lancaster and Bullas being the preachers. On Tuesday night the tea meeting was held. The tables were provided and presided over by Mesdames Kittelty, Llewelyn, Hill, and Hosking, and a goodly number partook of tea. The after meeting was presided over by the Rev. C Lancaster, and Messrs M. Hosking, J. Williams, and C. Mudd delivered addresses. The Brown Bill choir sang at all the services. The anniversary finished up with a social tea on Wednesday night. The matriculation examination will be continued in Ballarat to day when the sub- jects will be—morning, Greek; afternoon, German. A pleasing ceremony took place on Mon- day evening last, at the Windsor Arms hotel, Armstrong street, when Mr John Bainbridge, son of Mr W. Bainbridge, an old resident of Ballarat, was married to Edith Elizabeth Vickers, daughter of the late Mr Jonathan Vickers, late of Clunes, and of Mrs Vickers, the hostess of the above hotel. The nuptial knot was tied by the Rev J. B. Johnson, in the presence of a number of funds. Among other presents the happy couple received was the usual valuable medi- cal book, presented by the officiating minister to each couple he marries. After the ceremony an enjoyable social evening was spent by the company. Five candidates have entered for the pre- liminary pharmacy examination to be held at the Ballarat School of Mines shortly. In response to numerous requests the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church choir have arranged for a grand sacred concert and organ recital, to be given in the church on Christmas night. A preliminary notice ap- pears in our advertising columns to day, and further particulars will be duly advertised. This arrangement was arrived at on Tuesday last. The Minister of Mines was interviewed on Wednesday by a deputation from the Reedy Creek Miners’ Association with regard to an announcement that it is the intention of the department in future to insist upon half the proceeds of any gold obtained by companies or prospecting parties assisted out of the prospecting vote being paid to the depart- ment towards the liquidation of the loan. The deputation (says the Age) explained that the general impression was that where money was advanced £1 for £1 on the wages expended the company obtaining a grant was entitled to deduct out of the proceeds of the sale of any gold obtained half the amount of wages, and the whole of the other expenses of working the mine, before hand- ing the balance to the department. It was urged that this arrangement should be adhered to, otherwise it would be impossible for some companies to continue the work of develop- ing new ground Mr Outtnm said the ques- tion was a very important one, and would require careful consideration before a definite course was decided upon. South Australia to the fore again, this time with a Women’s Suffrage Bill, which the Assembly passed by 29 votes to 17. It has been mentioned casually any time these last 10 years or more that South Australia gave all creation a wrinkle in the Torrens Act, and she points to bet transcontinental telegraph line with pardonable pride. Half- a di zen colonies and communities have been incubating a Women’s Suffrage Bill this long time past. Again South Australia is first past the post, only it is a pity that she did not refrain from tacking in a property quail- fication. What is sauce for the electoral gander ought surely to be sauce also for the electoral—well, bird of paradise. The Australian Co operative News, re- ferring to the late strike, says—“ All that can be said to purpose is that the strike has ended in a drawn battle, and that its only outcome has en an intensified distrust of their workmen on the part of the employers, and an aggravated, sullen discontent with their position on the part of the employed. Whilst these baleful sentiments are rankling in men’s minds—like the smouldering embers of an extinct bushfire that has laid waste a valuable forest and a vast tract of rich pasturage —what hope can be entertained of a frank and friendly reconciliation, and per- manent adjustment of differences ? . . . The remedy is as plain and as simple as is the smallest cash transaction over the shop counter. Bring the whole scheme of re- ciprocal relations between employers and workmen into harmony with the higher moral qualities in man! Square the wages system with the principles of reciprocal obligation, mutual helpfulness, reciprocal trust, mutual confidence, MUTUAL CO- OPERATION!" Mr Gladstone gave notice in the House of Commons on Tuesday that he would bring in a bill to remove the disability which at present prevents Roman Catholics from fill- ingh the positions of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and Lord Chancellor of England. Regarding Tongan affairs the Rev George Brown, the general secretary of the Wes- ley an Missionary Society, writes as follows from Tonga, under date 10th November.— “All is quiet here, and the Government is gaining strength every day. The King has spoken very strongly at several public assemblies (fonos, ), and has declared most positively that there shall be perfect liberty of conscience and freedom of worship for all. We are increasing in strength every week, and our prospects are very good indeed. The Assistant Premier is very popular in- deed, and is doing good work for Tonga. The King has ordered that the lands which were taken away from us shall be restored. He himself is still very earnest about the Free Church, but the feelings of the people are still with us. It will take a longtime to undo the mischief which has been done here. The Government is rapidly discharg- ing the liabilities which were incurred under the late Government. ” There was a grand complimentary race meeting given at Warrnambool (says Mel- bourne Punch) in honor of his Excellency’s visit. Being a lovely day, everything looked at its best. The Governor arrived at the course in Mr Stewart Murray’s drag drawn by four splendid bays. After the second race lun- cheon was served under the stand. At about 4 o'clock, at the invitation of Mrs St. Quinton, about 60 partook of tea in a marquee that was erected on the lawn. Whilst at tea old Diana, one of the oldest aboriginals about here, made her bow to the Governor, clasped his hand, and said, “Here I am, Mr Governor, I am John Murray’s Diana, of 'Summer Hill,’ " and she presented Lord Hopetoun with a sixpence, and asked him to wear it on his chain. The Governor remarked that it was the first time he had been tipped since he left college. He re- turned the compliment with a larger coin, Mr Willis, a member of N.S. Wales Par- liament, has been removed from the magis- tracy for publishing in a paper of which he is the proprietor a letter in which trades’ unionists were advised to arm themselves with repeating rifles and ammunition when they would be in a position to make pro- posals to the employers for the “ reconstruc- tion of society.” 