1 Melbourne as Siic Is. (By 'A Waxfabeb.') AUXILIARIES OF PEOTECTION. It is not satisfactory to the refractory free trader, into whose ears- the all sufficiency of pro tection has been incessantly dronuned, to learn that a highly protected country is de pendent on the 'foreign money market to tide it over the difficulties of an industrial and financial depression. One has heard so much of late of salvation -by taxation that it is disappointing to hear restrictionists in protected Melbourne expatiate on the anticipated revrralof prosperity which will acerae from the contem plated loan of five millions. We have heard over and over again that the prosperity of New South 'Wales is due to excessive borrowing and not to freetrade; that all the monuments ef *or aational progress are the assets of our public creditor rather than of the enterprise of the people. Yet the public debt of Victoria amounted .in 1888 to .,£34,627,382, *f which .£33,097,900 was borrowed in England. O£ coarse I do not in any sense deprecate this ' state of things, but when another loan is on the tapis, and is urgently required by tha increasingly depressed condition of the most protected colony of the group, it is necessary to emphasise the fact. Notwithstand ing all the professed blessings of protection, Vic toria is under the cloud of a deficit, and the neatingof the newloanis regarded in Melbourne.as a consummation derontely to be wished to counter act this and the reaction of the late land boom. Great interest attaches to the approaching in troduction of this prospective five millions of money, and the daily- increasing numbers who find employment growing scarcer are on tap-toe in expectation of the benefits of its expenditure. What are to be the sources of expenditure are not, I believe, yet definitely made known ; but I am informed that an improved, system of underground sewerage, and railway extension, -will be the chief. Whatever the merits of the latter works, the necessity for the former com mends itself to all Melbotirnites and the stranger within their gates. ' . AIT UNHEALTHY -CITY. There is not, perhaps, in the civilised world bo grand a city so denied . by defective eani ItatioiL from . Yam-bend to its junc tion with the Saltwater Elver, and with, the extension pf the latter to the racecourse a semi-circle Is -described, which embraces more than half the population of the «ity within a stream of deadly pollution. Into this, numerable ~ sewers, radiating from the heart of the city, pour continuous. ^volumes of heterogeneous filth. ? By day., open drains on either side of -the' streets convey the drainage from ten thousand habitations, andby night the noise of a necessary traffic disturbs the eleepers, while its iioissme aess overpowers the belated traveller. If an ex penditure of three millions of the loan prove effective in deodorising the Yarra and disband ing the nocturnal ambulance corps, the loan will prove -a national blessing. It will not be difficult to construct underground sewers, it will not be difficult to spend three stillioxs of money in doing so ; but to carry to completion an effective and extensive system which shall tap all parts of the city and suburbs, exceed the requirements of the present limits of the city, and find .an outlet remote from the possibilities of future encroachment, is an undertaking which, in Melbourne, bustles with engineering difficulties. No one can look en the monuments of skill with which public spirit has beautified Melbourne, with out feeling that if Nature has not waylaid the sewer scheme with insuperable difficulties, her command of science and credit to obtain siller will make it an accomplished fact. THOEOtTGHUESS. There is a. thoroughness about the Mel bourne people which finds expression in whatsoever they ' do. The public works attest the fact, and cynical people say the deficit will jdo so, also. They ate not afraid to borrow and exp;end, 'aad they certainly give the tax payer something1 to look at for his fleecine. The Alfred Graving Dock was for a long time Melbourne's great eet-off to Port Jackson, but the world?s advances im naval architecture have dealt unmercifully with Melbourne vanity, and the graving dock has been, or rather is baing, ' left.' Who could have f or- seen that an expenditure of .£341,819 would have resulted in an engineering marvel which is destined to be the reeeptacleof thefishing smacks of the future ? The discovery that the tonnage of the world's shipping is out-growing the capacity of the dock is docking the pride of Willianistown of that aational vanity with which it was justly invested. But when one star sets another rises, and the new Law Caurts and Parliament Houses are inexhaustible themes of national glorification. No wonder. These splendid edifices are not only an ornament to the city, and matter of national utility, but they have long been a source of pro fitable employment to hundreds of skilled men in all branches of trade. The combined cost of the Law Courts and Parliament Houses is chronicled at .£600,713. The former having long been com pleted has lost the interest attaching to novelty. The latter, not yet complete, but, apparently, nearly so, stand at the back of the Treasury Gardens on the eastern Bide of Spring street, and facing Bourke- street. The entrance door of the great vestibule, to the right and left of which are situated tho Upper and Lowar Chambers respectively, is -in line with the centre of Bourke-street. The ^reat white wing's which flank the vestibule give an expanse of frentage which is greatly concealed by the White Hart Hotel on the southern, and a similar structure on tte northern corner of the intersecting streets. A proposal tolresunie the corner allotments at the top of Bourke-street, with the idea of removing the buildings which obstruct the view of Parliament Houses, has been, and still is, under consideration. But practical people, insensible to the Iiigher sentnment im parted Ly architecture, gravely talk of the destruction of property and the formid able national expanse involved. As the corner sites are occupied by hotel property, and the local oytionists are fully represented in the House, their votes may yet f urnisk the public an opportunity of gauging the economic advantages oi Mr. Manroe's compensation compromise. ? One of the finest monuments in Australia — and ?ne of which the people of Melbourne are justly proud — is the new structure which spans the Yarra on the site of the old Princes Bridge. The old bridge, beside having the reputation of possses sing tlie largest span of any single arch in the world, was associated ' with a thousand reminis cences : and historical incidents of early Mel bourne. But in its day it had done the State some service, and being too limited, and insecure for modern demands it was supplanted by the present magnificent structure at a cost of .£108,043. But the above represent only a moiety of the proportion of public expen diture en Melbourne since 1882. To these must be added the no inconsiderable sum expended by the Harbor Trust, viz., .£2,048,594, of which J£l,000,000 was borrowed money; the sum of .£1,500,000 expended by the Tram Trust ; also the proceeds «f loans, public offices and defence, over .£260,000. This prodidious expenditure in the chief city could not be uaaceompaniod with abnormal industrial activity. And when, ia addition, t* this public expenditure, the im mediate effects ef the International Centennial Exhibition are takea inte consideration, a very serious discount must be made from the merits of the protective policy. The completion of such works as are specified above obviously necessitates a return of the workers to private sources »f labor, and the in sufficiency of protected industries to absorb these is creating a, visible distress and apprehension for the future. DISCONTEKT BREWING. The disquietude ef the masses is an infallible barometer of the times. Good workers, well known, rarely out of work, have recalled the cycles of depression to which the colony has been subject since the introduction of protec tion, and are apprehensive ef the recurrence of another. I was pressed by old Vistorians to tell them all I knew of the industrial opportuni ties of New South Wales. If the existing inse curity is any gauge of men's sincerity, many are . oscillating between awaiting the chances which ' accompany a new loan and the opportunities offered by a new colony. The pseudo-patriots of the National Party are ever attributing the extent of any nati«nal disaster in this colony to freetrade. j droughts, bushfires, rust in wheat, anthrax, and j the rabbit pest, are all by seme mysterious pro- .' cess «t reasoning, known only to the ' patriots, ' j attributed to the iniquitous policy of freetrade. It - was no use to remind the offiee-seeking national- \ ists that protection eonld not make the rain fall, ; or the sun shine, and that in tke absence j of natural conditions favorable to prosperity the ; colony under protection would not 'only be no better oS, but by reason of restrictive taxation excluding natural products would be in a worse . condition than under freetrade. This is precisely the state of things in Victoria where bad seasons have in a large measure proved the insufficiency of protection as an antidote for that kind of eviL So that the industrial depression which is ' com ing fait and earning faster' is not limited to the great city where population is ~ hopefully centralising. My task is done ; and I can claim to have set down nought in malice. I have ander rather than over stated unpleasant facts. Aad where statistical data, were obtainable they, are the basis of my allegations. Now, let the holiday seekers go to the city of re striction, live at sumptuously appointed hotels, inquire of seeurely-entrenched officials as to the statements contained herein, and they shall hear ample and vehement contradiction. But let the wayfarer link his sympathies with the sufferers and meet the workers on a plane of equality and fraternity, and, under the magnifi cent exterior ?£ dazzling decoration, in deep, dark lines of social degradation, he shall see Melbourne as she is. The l»st medicine fenbwn is Bander and Sens' Encajjpt, Extract. Test its iacompaiably powetfoi effects in oou^e colds, influenza; the relief is instantaneous. In serions cases and accidents of oil kinds, be they wounds, bums, ecaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy— no swelling— no inflaiunietion. lake surprising effects pro duced, in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, innammati«n of the lungs, swellings, &c;, diazrhcea, dysentery, diseases of the Hdneys, and urinary organs. In use at oOl hospitals and. medical clinics, patronised by bis Majesty the Sing of Italy; Jtto-nrnJed -with jnedal cuid diploma at -International TyhiMtiriV itn«fe|aani , 'Trust in in approved article, and «eject all others. Prices, Is 6d and S»6d the bottle,— 70 