PIONEER WORK IN DEVON. [BY J.F.] VIII. Having purchased the Forth marsh, I at once propared to renipvn my gmds itno chattels todlliit illiliglitf.il k'lliit, where I vould grow ut least fiftv acres of tiotatous. riglit off. with little or'jnn dxpensu to lie incurred 'fiir clearitig, iixeepVil' few oltiow'k of'lii'u' tree1 scruo, w'liieli had CiicroiiclieU1 hor.; and there inlti'tlie iilain.1 /It'iis 'nil splendid innsb lilack Riiil, clil ofwliicli u ceriuin fnrtiine'iieiild lio'elbiirud in a few years. Tune,' liowever,:' told a different talo. As tldn'in Jin.;ncciiiint!of. pipneor work. I' miis'rgh''inth pii'rlii'illiir9. ' In tliu 1 1 tun tip of: ,Mufe|i,. 1840,". I. engaged. Mr. George Williams, owner and master of the cutter Hope. tn take"ihU|"roiind from Port 'Sorell to the1. Forth, ' with tadd potatoes, stores of„overy, . .dbseripllimi (agricultural implements,'1 carpentbrti'' tools; iind 'eh oil. Mr Williams will remember this incident in liis life i lift .'...years , ago— lip, liyes npw aliip'v. Iiv . Itoiikii Ht rcot. MqWrest,Di!V.vnport, and ' long liiav ' liii live. .,' 1 ,1 jiul ..already sent Bill Lakin and another man in a boat, to put lip u lluP nn flie " Philip"! for tlio reception ' of ' the , grind s. which cnlildr'hlsn lie us't'd niila :tcmphrary 'residC|ice.'!<:Ijiikin was a trustworthy "old,1iaiiil;"-!nt't!iistllined to nil sorts of. work, -and' hoi It", able and , willingito'ldo it. d'Noieiglit' hiiur'titrike's in I lioso diiys— it wuu " work, work;. work," master aiid niin, ,-Mr Wiliiains. wlin, likd a true nutivu-luirn of tliedililen tim , could turn bis Imnd.lo.nnytliing on HeiL.iir.slioro, landed me-V»fely lit the Fb'rtli;1 Wliurc Lukin and Ids companion . Iind luiilt u coinmodioiiH dwelling plilch," fronting on a little liend ,:ioii|id t|io"pojiit. , 'Tliu. housu' wafflin'ilt ol'grcun sapling's placed .itj'iright,; sucillifd' at ' linttoiii ' hy a' tioiicli in tlio" ground, and on top hy a.wnl piateljuf ilie1 n me ninturialj'witli 'rafters' tiidlbd' oil the plates for a shilling roof. , Thu roiif iwas covered .will i, 'sheets 1 of itarl;, weigh lad liv spurs l7i'kive|i t hi: iii ' fr iii n .war j«i iipg," 'ii i itl the walls were also lined 'witli' hark" to" keep suit s porliiiu of tliu wind 'and wet.', Tli : tireplnco, which ociuiptiiil' llib whhle.bPthe iiiui, \viis liuilt of long spiirs,'1 lu'iiiting inward" 'against a frauieworkbf .sajjlihgii, so as to. reduce tin: size (if the' opening kt top." "This, wiih1- 'ii'-' partition ' ; in' ' tiiif uiiddle, and two sleeping'1' hunks, completed the Brat y sellli-r's edifice in West Diivoii. : There 'was a" lot of . .. work novv liotoro . iiio. " ;I .had , first Tti, a elect a aife-'foroi'linnibstaad vrlibfbicnuld Hva apirt front tlie iucn, iind tli iii tp ciit n crt-road 'to the Mersey .'lit, Fro'gmorei Accordingly, I selecte,! ' u'/spnt ut tiie western side of the inarsii fpr a liouse, oil sliglitly-eleyutod : gfoiind.' :. i 'Ari. e.ve'i'iPhad occurred 'iii' mib' bbgihniti j1 of iiib "yciir which now reliovod me of cnnsiderahle trouble' and ilciayi 1 1 . \ , ' The late Mr T.L. Button, of Launceston, having determined to supply the increasing denmndli of'tlio'ni'w ciildny of Shutli'Aus- tfali«>iid 'I lib diktrict' of 'Porf . l'liilliji. 'fo'i litiildftlg mat'irial, .landed sbnio' sawyors tutil tWfilitteiYi'al' the Rivers ' Don' anil' Fn'rtli, wlin'hlol jukt'COii'iilienc'ed. /oponitioiiH when 1 urrived at tlie da'tter pliico.; " Tlio ),rimi<. live quietude that reigned on the Kinks of tiie Fortii'iWlien I. Was lliero' 'with tltb'surl vojor entile six- liion'tlis llefiire wais' there, foro' hroken hv tlio sound of the' 'axe; litid tlic loud crash of tile gniii' treos aktliuy fell . - l.ufsic 'tiie' stroke iif tluwe -sturdy invaders ... of' tiie forest:' Tlieir ' uncniiipiliatif .was . about it' mile above' i lie' spilt' X ' hail elioseii for my al,odc, nnd on tlio opposite ' si'te of :-tlia. river— lliut is, the side nearest to the Mersey. Tlicso men'-' were' : under tin aiiperiiitendmieo of a 'respectable elderly, man named Surman. He was a relative of Sir William Watkins Wynne, and Sir John Owen, owner of the Orielton Estate, in the Richmond district. Mr Surman took- a, great interest in the new settler, witltswhoni lie whileil; away' the bveningsj relating spic.v ' aiioednt'es ,,f the (iSys'wiien \- Geerge tho'Third was King, 1 iind giving a fiintl 1,'if I iihfo'rin'utioo'i tihoiit the Homo country, eS|«i,:ialiy : Wules," ' It was iiiriin- expocted pleasure, to mete with'snch a iniiii in the lonely hush; hut the timber cutters did ribf' remain Inhg; and' jinor Siiriiun's life had a sud ending, which I shall' record in duo tiun'if 1 Tlicro was,' liliwuvcr,' one loan of thulparty who 'reinainbd; at the 'ortlij" anfl onleroti Idiiiperariiy 'iiito iiiv service. This was Harry Muirhead, an old Launceston constable, a clever, iutclil - gent, hilrd-working! fellow, "bind, ' in tact, one of the lies:' Imslntieii ; I evcr 'knew. Mu liv!' , if I the' 'old 'residents, h'iitlj'in Lailn- ccatnir and 1 mi 't Ii 'Coast,:, will reiiiuliiher him. h'iJarrangud twitli'Miiirheiiil t'o-piit'iiib \- up a dUilliiig- Hli'i"|l,''d:vra'siliuii(i))l"> .in subli' a" position. thUt'jfiliir'fliiiiiiH ehiild he-added' ur front, b'tajso'-'a1 MaiilK; iind T'liionV'hiit," all ofovwbioli v.lio" i'diily'-'uxeclite,! I'witli «|iecdi'tuid ' fi'ilelity.-'1 -In ltlie"muiiiitiine I started' off wilh two' Inen'.' to'leut 'ii' cart track from .tiie. Fortli Heads to7. Friignioru. We found I lie"' bur 'ill '"the" mouth' of tlio river very "different' ffoni ' tlio'1 tiinu tliu' survey par'td tried to erosk six inontlis be fore. Ii 'was niiw sallwuter iijsido as well as out, and the fill-', level, pebbly .(Inor bad only eighteen inehes.nn it for npwarils of two hiiurs at'low tido;" JVo iiiarked a roail inside the I, each, '.witli. little or no work to do until-- we began to ascend the Don Bluff, i .'ifc'rii w'd I cleared sufficient width for. a bullock team, descending or, the east side down a very steep gradient close to' the cjiffs; agnihHt which the wuces were! dashing.; " We' crossed the ' Don ' at the island— just iwliere tliu railway bridge crosses,— and then my real' work begun; 1' bad i never shoo, any jHjrs.in wlui 'liad soossed overland fi:,uir b'rogneire In the Don..,: It was all iuiexploreil ciiiiiitrv. As mon iisld«terinin',l tho'riuite for "a liiilu or so, II s ailed the men clearing. . a" track, of aufiicient widtli to ui o\v a bullock ' dray to pasa along. I followed ttiC tier lis far us Stony Risg, keeping nearly the same course that the Main road how keeps. In front of iiio lay. the dioiial'.swainps, of which I hud henrd such a terrible account from Mr Bonney. They were not sn laid as reprbsurtfed, liut,'iiH! th y looked iikely to lie Hooded in'the whiter season, I kept liiv caairHe along the slopes of the tiers on stile right.:: '.Wo wero occnpisl for days miio king a crossing Over the Figuru-iif.. Eiglg Mr; ek. Tlib snakes were remiu'kahly nnmitmus 'anil' vicious— they' aebnic.il to consider tlieiiisplvus masters of tlio situa-' tinn ; hoi licie. as I' have always ''noticed ols, where; the defiant altitude was assumed tmore in a dl'-defbiice tliari friim anv desire, to hite. In a fortniglit we reaelieii Frog- tnore; having clear, ii and cut a tolcrnluy passable road for vehicles of any descrip tion— thiit is to ba, ; a Buiiniier road,— and, . indeed, as a 'whiter road, it sniied for .aeveral yeiirs. until splitters and coal- miners came with tlieir teams and cut it up by increase I traffic. Tim country around Spreyton was more heavily over- grown with low tell tree than it is now, the constant bush-fires having prnhaldy done llime to e ear it tlian uiiything.else. ' I was I ow.ubl to take my faithful old iioreennd h.„ oc< team to the Fortli, where . I coniiiieneed uetive operations,, prepare ' lory to ploiighing portions- of the inarHli for a crop. The agricultural statistics of . the Colony were not inuch dwoileh hy'the returns from my first year's crop. The niart,li,turncd.-oiit-a_faihtreT tho- soiUhcing- ton inncli Hatorated witli. salt. wator. Tlio I'lotntocs grew up'llib sidcd'oE the stalks in qlnRters, iusteud. of in. tliu, gromul h.tlio. Englikh hailbj' gruw C.iti liigli',1 ,'C.iits iitidj S wcdo iiirnipB, did, fairly well ; iuit upon tlio whole it_ w?is!.quito clciir.' that. tliu water iii st I, e bauked mih heforo anything could . the ilia, Ip. of the .land. -, 1 iiiaimgod .tq: dig oiitiif, tliu'.'drict' .|iprt',,ui|iif.iy. ton torn pi potatoes, and those, .met,: with a watery grave in the Tamar, along with poor old Surman and all the crew. It was in April, 1841, when the schooner Wallace, 10 tuns, left the Forth with the first cargo of. pota toes grown in West Devon. She sailed late one afternoon with a light hreezn frnm the wusl, having oil. hoard . tliu niastur, line, seaman, and Mr Surman, passenger, who was returning to Launceston in conse qitenee. of. ..tlio. sawyurs' > o having broken up, I watched the Wallace sailing out of the river, and waved a part- ing adieu to my acquaintance: aa-tlie little vcssul duncod ovor tlio.btir,, : littlu deeming tlpit.ere ,lu\ light next day tliosu three men would lie beyond tlio ruuclrof. pleasure or pain in this life. : Soon alter daylight -the . Wallace wns.fonnd lying bottom up by the lllirrel Rouf i,t tlie.eutrancb to tlio'Tumar. Sbo wajst.dwedi>in;tp'tltpi5bay,;.ot-Georgo T,)wm i:nit;,tl!o,;.|iotat',ieb|' satiiratcd witli salt 'Yvntur.' weru kindly sold by Mr- ThoodiTiu Davies on toy account, at a nbiuiiuillfig'iiru of bbtirsb. ' Tliu rctimins hf 'tliu men wore no'vur found, but some of Mr Suriiiau's papore uiid 'u'ccoiints wero re covered in a damaged condition. Thus ondud .tlio first yoar's-ossny of tlio first " struggling settler " in West Devon. Tlio.stoaiiisliip iCasiihluucu'is 'lbiiding 'ai Hull for Sytlnuy, having tievn transferred- .from Loi.alon In cnnsuquuncu of the labor disputes. . Geti 'rul Lord Wolanloy has refused the pn'sitiim of ' CiimiiiatiilbGiti-Uliief I in Hi'dia',. anil .ivill .retire, i'riiiu , .active .Beryicu... as A, ijotiinl in July. next. I ,,V .( 'yt ';' Tlib''.Ffeneli . Gliliiiibor ,' iif,. io, .Ii.iTh .'approved ''(if tlib' i'mport 'fluty 'bit "grain; being raised t„ tbreo franca (2s 6d) per coiitill, : and .iip'oiil'fi'iiuf "to ' fivo'i'fraiics' (4s 2d). Tlio linn. Francis Abigail, M.L.A., of New South Wales, lias, mot with h hearty reception in Ulstur, ami fumls for tliu prlipii-ud delegation to'Aiikirali, i to ciimter- act tliu infiiieucu.iif.tliq recent., I.lo, no Rule., delegates 'are' heiiig siihsbrihed! , A, ilillir ciijty lias, however, , arisen in./securing am ag'nibiii'cht ' b'efwuc'ii ilia Liberal ' Unionists unci Conservative,, as to the selection of delegatus. It ia probable, that three will bui appointed, mid that Dr Kan,: will he one, the othora beijig. .residents ;ofi Dublin an|l Cork. ' 