MR. SMITH ELLIS'S REMEDY FOR RUST IN WHEAT. Mr. Smith Ellis, who claims to have dis covered a means of preventing rust in wheat, has received an agreement from the Victorian Minister of Lands in which the Government undertake to pay him £10,000 should hia remedy prove successful after a trial of three years. Mr. Ellis has handed Mr. Dow the following letter for publication, which contains his preventative _ WHAT IS BED BUST IN WHEAT ? The priests of old declared to the ancient wheat«growers that such diseases as rust and mildew were scourges sent by God. We live in an age of progress, and I am confident that the day is at hand when such diseases will be accounted as vanquished enemies by the modern wheat growers. Bust in wheat is an internal parasite fungus that constitutionally affects the wheat plant. It is propagated and attains maturity in the sap vessels of the leaveB of the plant, and on arriving at maturity it bursts forth, rupturing the womb of itB foster mother, and at the same instant escapes into the atmosphere in the form of a pale, yellow smoke. I shall hereafter denominate it, for want of a readier term, " rust smoke," the thing that we call rust being only the shell or after effect of the parasite. ITS SECONDARY OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPAGATION. Every wheat-grower knows the meaning of "rusty weather," warm, moist, and calm; the atmosphere is heavy, the escaped rust smoke, which is the germs of the parasite, float in the moist atmosphere until tney have absorbed sufficient moisture to cause them to settle on the ground or other place, or on the leaves of another wheat plant; if on the latter they at once strike into it, and recommence their work of destruction by absorbing the sap of the plant and multiplying themselves indefinitely, again bursting upon the skin of the leaf to proceed on another round of destruction. From close observation I have reason to believe that a new generation of the parasite is reproduced in about every forty-eight hours. I mean that the production is continuous in already affected plants, but as regards healthy plants newly inoculated, they produce a new generation of the matured parasite in about that time. I am also of opinion that it is only while the sap of the wheat plant is in a state of " incipi ent fermentation," caused by the combined heat and moisture, the parasite is enabled to propagate itself so destructively. This opinion 13 confirmed by the fact that the work of destruction ceases on the occurrence of a fall of temperature of the weather. However, whether I am right or wrong in my conjectures, they are of small importance to wheat-growers, because they have no control over the condi tions of this stage of its propagation, which for distinction I call its " secondary propagation." ITS PRIMARY PROPAGATION. The question will arise as to where the " rust smoke " is located, and where to be found after harvest. The shortest answer is this: .Any where and everywhere in and around every wheat-growing district; but I will endeavor to answer it more clearly by asking a parallel question-" Where is the smoke to be found that issued out of the chimneys of any one of our cities in the month of November last?" We know that chimney smoke is composed of minute particles of soot, and that we should see it distributed in and around that city were our eyes keen enough to see it. It is the same with the "rust smoke." Again let us suppose that the soot was derived from gum wood, and that each particle of soot was endowed with the active conditions of lifewherever it came in contact with the kind of tree that produced it. Should we not then see the gum-trees around our city attacked by their parasite soot ? The cases are parallel, with the addition that the "rust smoke "is endowed with active con ditions of life, whenever it comeB in contact with the plant, in any living shape or form, that produced it, or rather nursed it, and that whenever that contact is accompanied by the necessary adjuncts of warmth and moisture, causing " incipient fermentation," the " rust smoke"' or germ of the seed wheat itself, and thus commences the " primary propagation " of the parasite ; the hidden secret of Nature that has puzzled and perplexed wheat-growers for thousands of years. MILDEWED SEED WHEAT. Every wheat-grower should be warned that his crop is liable to be destroyed by rust if even the smallest portion of his seed wheat is mildewed, as that state is, to a certainty, the predisposing cause of the attack of the parasite. I do not assert that mildewed Beed will pro duce rust-affected plants under all circum stances, because the germa of the parasite may not be present at all times to take the opportunity of striking the seed; but I do assert that I have proved by experiment that the conditions that produce mildew, namely, ^incipient fermentation," are the same condi tions that enable the parasite to strike the seed: ^tid by the term "incipient fermentation"! ' niean the commencement of fermentation and id stop at that Btage. Those are conditions in 5?hich wheat-growers have full control over the propagation of the parasite. The necessary precautions, to prevent fermentation of their tseed, cost them absolutely nothing, and if they" neglect to take the necessary care*of their seed, it is to their loss; they have themselves only to blame. - A NATURAL TEST FOB SEED WHEAT. ! Wheat-Growers desirous of testing their seed to ascertain whether it has or has not been struck by the parasite may take a quart of seed ! from that portion of the bulk most likely to have attracted mildew; the human eye is unable to detect anjf difference in these grains of wheat, BO we will refer them to Nature's unerring decision. Open a drill in the garden ; if the soil is at all dry water the drill until it j is wet 8in. deep at least. Sow, cover in at once, ! and watch the blades as they appear above ground. If any of them have been struck by the parasite they will show a spot about the size of the head of a pin, and the exact colour of the common garden marigold, quite distinct from the pale yellow of the blade. If no such j spots appear on any of the three first blades, the seed may be depended on as sound ; if they do appear the seed is unfit to be used or sold for seed. Only one spot may appear in this sample; one match Btarts a bush'fire, SIGNALS OP DISTRESS. Those spots are Nature's signals intimating that the parasite has primarily propagated itself in those plants. . A magnifier shows that those spots are situated in the interior of the blade, and that the skin of the blade on each side is uninjured. Those yellow spots will gradually enlarge themselves and change to a brown color, and on close examination it will be found that the leaf at these spots has loBt its vitality -the parasite has entered, with the reaction of the sap, into the constitution of its foster mother, and will remain there invisible, except ing the recurrence of the spots on every new leaf, until that mother either withers and dies in dry weather or lives on until the occurrence of ruBty weather permits the parasite to enter upon its secondary propagation, burst forth, and spread destruction wherever it can fall upon a wheat plant to destroy. I am bo Bure that the presence of the yellow spot in the infant plant is unmistakable evidence of the presence of rust in the crop that had I a crop giving Buch evidence I wonld at once proceed to plough it in and sow the land with some other kind of crop. THE YELLOW SPOT EXPERIMENT, Having decided to watch the development of the yellow spot, I destroyed all my experi mental materials; then procured the dirtiest sample of wheat that I could find. Some of the grains had got malted. Instead of sowing in drills, as in former experiments, I planted in one line four chainB in length, and dibbled in the Beed, a single apparently sound seed at each space of one yard, and marked each site with a stick. Before the plants had put out their third blade the spot had shown itself on nearly one-third of their number, and I marked them by tying worsted to their sticks. The crop stooled out surprisingly, and when it had got about 30 inches high dry weather set in, and soon after that some few of the spotted ones withered, and died without any apparent cause, the remainder grew on until rusty weather came on. I had carefully examined them all nearly every day for many weeks, and observed no difference between the Bpotted and the unspotted ones; but now the spotted ones were showing rust ruptures, the unspotted ones none. On the third day after that the un spotted ones showed them also, having caught the contagion, and in a week after that time the whole row was red with rust. My mind was at rest, I had mastered the whole secret. HOW TO GROW A PRIMARILY RUSTED CROP. Adopt the following courses, or half of them, and you will certainly succeed : 1\. Reap the wheat before it is ripe, while the skin of trie grain is thin, the "rust smoke" will penetrate it more easily. 2\. Stack the wheat on the ground, or on a rubbishy stack bottom that will set up_ an "incipient fermentation." Was it instinct that taught our grandfathers to stack the seed grain over the cart sheds years before pillars were thought of 1 3\. Winnow the grain slovenly, as it is only for seed; loose chaff is an excellent vehicle for bringing the " rust smoke " into close contact with the seed. 4\. If there is a short supply of bags, the seed can lie on sail cloth on the ground for a time; or the bags of seed may lie placed on an earthen bam floor supposed to be dry, or they may be placed on planks that lie flat on such a floor until seed time, and by that time the parasite will have got well into the seed. 5\. Sow on a too dry seed bed; rain may come soon, but the "rust smoke" lies there ready to strike the seed at once before the rain comes. 6\. Permit wheat or other cereals, wild oats included, to grow aB weeds on your holdings. Those weeds sow their seeds on a dry seed bed, too, and are sure to spread rust broadcast in its secondary propagation. It is most likely that this was its original way of propagation. HOW TO AVOID A RUST-AFFECTED CROP. Every intelligent wheat-grower will carefully abstain from adopting any of the beforemen tioned courses. He will see clearly that seed wheat, from the day that it is reaped to the hour that it sproutB to produce a crop, should never, under any conditions, be subjected to a state of fermentation, because that state is the parasite's opportunity, Sow early if you oan, but not until after the raiaa hive well tioakfci the sou . tha< "rust smoke" perishes in water. While on this question I cannot avoid refer« ring to the subject of careless, slovenly neigh' bourn. A man may be a careful, good manager, paying attention to every detail necessary for the production of a clean crop, and after all his care he may have the intense mortification of see« ing his crop destroyed by the carelessness of others. _ Such a man has the sympathy of every right thinker, and, in my opinion, he should be protected by law, Local inspectors could ba appointed-intelligent, upright men, who are themselves personally interested in the success of the wheat crop of their district; they should have the power to examine and test any wheat, seed, or crop, and, if necessary, declare in some newspaper that such seed is unfit for such purposes, and also to order and enforcs the immediate cutting of any infected green crop to prevent contagion and the increase of the parasite. We have the Scab Act and know how effective it has been in stamping outBcabin Bheep. "We have the Thistle Aot, and why not an extension of that act for the ex« termination of parasites affecting cereals and other Beed- producinp plants, for it is a faot that this rust parasite can adapt itself to al most any kind of seed. Such, at least, is my opinion,, and in confirmation I may state that when making my experiments I accidentally inoculated some cauliflower seed with the parasite, and it pestered the gardeners of the district by attacking their cauliflowers Baved for seed with milk-white spots for years after* wards. Again I ask you in the interest of all to act promptly and unitedly in the endeavour to stamp out rust in wheat. SJIITH South Yarra, Victoria, April, 1890. 