GOSSIP. Melbourne Gossip. By Viva. MELBOURNE. Fehkuailv 8. The smart Aaierican traveller who avowed that the Australian climate was ' a job lot of samples ' ?would have had to eat his words had he spent the last five weeks in Melbourne. '1 he ground hats been like iron and the sky like brass. From gar ret to basement, from the cottage to the mansion, one finds the weather the most interesting topic of conversation. ?? Rainless sunshine, burning on thro' cloudless days' has greeted our eyes since the opening of the present year of grace. Weeks ' all light, all warmth, all passion' have become slightly monotonous. Mr. Ellery has given us no change, and the man who grumbled that a c'.erk of the weather who could furnish us with ho better atmosphere than the present one was not worth his salary finds many sympathisers. Under these melancholy circumstances, all Melbourne has fled to the sea or the mountains. The Kopetouns have gone to Macedon till the end of the month. The Macedon residence ought to have been ready two months ago. but the Government were 60 busy bringing Government House to a state of artistic or inartistic perfection that the country mansion was neglected. The servants' quarters ?were in so tumble-down a condition that no rea sonable person could expect British footmen, of six feet high in their stockings, to go into them. The Countess and her retinue went therefore to Tasmania, a movement not exactly pleasing to the mass of the people here. We like to keep onr Vice- Royalties and their money within our own boundaries. Sunstrokes and snakes have been the order of the day during the past fortnight. The sun has been, like the spirit of the age, tres cgalitaire in dealing hia strokes. Several bullocks fell down dead in a cattle-pen a few days since, and 13 sunstrokes, the victims belonging to all classes, were recorded on one day in a city journal. Naturally the watering-places are full to overflowing. Even boarding- houses by the sea, where, to quote Mark Twain, the butter is the only passable beverage, are tilled with visitors. I am' staying at the present moment at a pretty watering-place, neither the button of Fashion's cap, nor the soles of her shoe, and have time to watch the movements of its inhabitants They ' are of all kinds and conditions, youths in tennis suits and girls in white muslin, perhaps, predomi nating. These latter are usually charming young persons, ' profoundly ignorant in two languages, with a trained misunderstanding of music and painting and a natural and faultless taste in dress.' A month hence, the ' sad sea waves' wili be left to themselves, and those young persons will be studying the costumes of Mrs. Brown-Potter. At present all the gaiety of the city is ' by the long \vee1' of Australasian seas.' The national holiday was a failure as a holiday. A Melbourne journal suggests that Australia's birthday should be antedated to. the Innding of Captain Cook at Botany Bay and the first hoist ing of the Union Jack on the continent, 28th April, 1770. The suggestion is a sensible one. The 26th of January is bound to have an enjoy ment-killing, spirit-depressins atmosphere. There is no special pleasure in going on country excur sions, to find oneself belted by bushfires and their smoke, or 'chancing' sunstroke by sea or land. These were the occupations of the holiday makers on the 26th of last January. In spite of the terrible weather, there was a fair attendance at Miss Helen Howe's concert in the Town Kail the same evening. The beneficiary herself did not sing. This was a dis appointment to many of the audience, who would have liked to hear her sweet con tralto for themselves. Sir James and Lady MacBain, Sir William and Lady Clarke and the Misses Clarke, and Lady Benjamin and her eldest daughter were among the many who sat for three hours, or thereabouts, in a hall where the ther mometer registered 110 degrees. An interesting programme was given, and, contrary to the usual practice at benefit concerts, not a sinele performer was taken seriously ill at the last moment. There was a certain limpness about both performers and audience which the smartest of toilettes could not remove, but on the whole every thing went oiff very well. An interest ing feature of the eutertainment , wa« the first appearance in public of a sweet-voiced young lady from South Australia, a Miss Denison. This is only a twin de gtmre, the real name of the singer being Miss Katherinc Stock, the daughter of a South Aus tralian member of Parliament. Dudley's ' When the heart is youn» ' is as popular a song for debutant™ as Gordon's ' How We Beat the Favourite' is for schoolboys with elocutionary proclivities. Miss Deni son's rendering of the song was warmly received, the public always approving of a familiar strain, and the Bihger received applause and dowers. Flowers also were showered on Madame Burton and Madame Boema, aB the audience were in a gracious mood. Mr. Hami'.ton Clarke and the Victorian orchestra assisted the voices of thesingersand the 'cellos and violins of the performers. The singers included Miss Bertha Rossow, and the performers Max Klein and Liebe. In the midBt of the entertain ment Sir William Clarke, as an old friend of the family of the bene ficiary, returned thanks to the artists who had given their services and the ladies and gentlemen who . had braved Black Thursday weaker to listen to them. Thus another Aus- ./' tralian singer has been sent into the great world. ?' . \ ?' ««TT«r/» vnn Roir Boldrewood's ? Robbery Under Arms r' ' asked a youth the other day of a sleepy suburban librarian. The librarian* had not the volume, but re marked moodily that *? a good many had been askin* after that book lately.' Since Mr. David Christie Murray 'discovered' that 'Robbery Under Arms' was thetypical Australian novel, it has become the fashion to admire it. There havebeen a good many opinions expressed about the book, and the booksellers find it a safe investment, which proves that it is in everyone's hands. The beginning of any art in a community is in teresting. The ** low beginnings' of sculpture in this citv are attracting attention. Though Laban had images of his domestic gods 23 centuries before the Clirlstian era, there was no school of English sculpture worth mentioning till Flaxman created it, at the beginning of the present century. The Hindoos, Egyptians, Greeks, Romans, all had sculpture ; but England allowed roost of the other continental nations to found schools of sculpture before her. In this community the art is only beginning to be practised, and in the ladies' schools a ' trained misunderstanding' of model ling is beginning to be counted as a necessary accomplishment of Australian girlhood. Mr. AUSTRALIAN ECONOMIC PLANT— THE COACH WOOD.-! See Pace 34±] E Bertram MacRennal, who is almost our only Victorian sculptor, held a press view a few days ago at his modest studio in Collins-, street. There was on view a fine piece of model-' ling entitled ' Grief,' which has won high praise from the critics. It is the figure of a young girl modelled in clay and clinging to a cross. As it is a monumental 'order,' the sculptor has had to restrain the free flow of his fancy and copy the features of his model. It is, in fact, a portrait in clay. In spite of the disadvantages under which he has worked, Mr. MacKennall has produced a tine figure. The pose of the young girl is thoroughly SUFFOLK MARE BOUNCE, WnfNBB of^ First PaizE axd tisf Queen's Gold J'edal at R. /. S. E. Show at Windsob, 1889. natural, the modelling strong, and the draping of her Greek costume graceful; M. MacKennall is a very conscientious and painstaking worker, so much so that he is actually going to Italy to buy his own Carrara marble for the completion of his statue. He wishes for flawless marble to work out a statue which is to be as near perfection as his art can make it. Two other pieces of sculp ture which have attracted some attention recently are on view at the office of Signor Porena, acting Consul for Italy. They are from the studio of Signor Andreoni, a Roman sculptor. One is. a magnificent bronze figure illustrating the verse, *' He who is without sin among you, let him cast' the first stone.' It is the life-size figure of a man who is shrinking under tlie reproof. The other is the figure of a Spanish bride, a daintily pretty piece of work. It is to be hoped that one of our public men will present them to the National Gallery, as we are weak in sculpture. All the world, who are wealthy enough, are going ' home ' at present. The P. and O. boats iiave all their berths engaged for some weeks to come. I understand that the latest fad of tho-e who wish to ' do ' Europe is to visit Norway. The land of the midnight sun is becoming a fashionable resort, to the exclusion of the Rhine \ and Switzerland and Italy. If Mark Twain were once more to fc-nd his Innocents on their travels ,they would have to 'chaff' the phlegmatic Nor wegians and poke fun at Norway generally. Among other society fads I may note that in this free country we are instituting manners and customs of our own. At a recent fashionable wedding the bride wore a hat in lieu of a veil, though she was otherwise j dressed in conventional marriage costume. A small plump girl is more or less disfigured by- a veil, which increases her breadth and does not give her height. A dainty confection of white velvet and feathers is far more becoming to a petite damsel. This is becoming to be recognised and acted upon. After all, this is a free country, and we need to be bound by no unbecoming fashions because our grandmothers and their mothers be_ fore them approved of them. The literary women of this city have given their society a name, though the union is still in its infancy, and is struggling against the difficulty of everyone being out of town. It is called the Melbourne Salon, and will include women workers . in art, music, literature, science, and drama. It is to be partly for mutual improvement and partly for social gatherings. If it never does any further good than the bringing together of women workers in the fine arts it will have an excuse for being, as there is far too little friendliness and social intercourse between the feminine members of the literary and artistic professions. A social gather ing, in which most of the members of the Mel bourne Salon will take part, takes place to-day. It is in the shape of a picnic given by some of the younger members of the University to the 'ladies of the press.' The festivity is the first of its kind and should be a success. The conference ? on Australasian federation opened well last Thursday evening by a dinner given to its members by the Premier of Victoria. The dinner tock place in the Queen's Hall, in Parliament House. This hall is always beautiful and, what is more important, always cool. On Thursday evening it was transformed into a bower of greenery, with feme, and palms, and dracaenea. The viands were excellent, the wine better, and the speeches were fairly good. The Governor's speech was youthful but well meant. Mr. Ser vice spoke to the point when he avowed that the lion in the path of the federalists was the fiscal issue. If the conference does nothing else, it will probably prove whether all the. colonies are ready for a Customs Union. .Colonial federation has a very attractive sound; but will Victoria, for example, give up any fancied advantage her own tariff gives her, for the sake of belonging to a federated dominion of Austral asia : Sir Henry Parkes received a warm, almost a tumultuous, welcome from the assembled con ference. His speech was the event of the even ing. Like Mr. Service, the Premier or New South Wales recognises the fiscal issue as the bar to federation. In a speech, at oi-c« simple, manly, and patriotic, he said that New South Wales, putting unity before any other consideration, was willing to leave the Customs Union to be decided upon by an Australian Parliament. In eToquent terms he alluded to the present occasion as the crea tion of an Australian nation. All the speeches were complimentary, but cautious. No one committed himself much. Everyone was prone to indulge in well-turned generalities, which meant nothing. Each spoke as if all the members of the conference were his bosom friends, and he felt for them all as Jonathan felt for David. The practical good to be obtained from federation was not put into clear terms by anyone of them. To a patriotic Australian, the chief ends seem to be- the formation of a federated fleet and army for necessary self defence, and the removal of petty restrictions, which tend to make a Victorian feel a stranger in a strange land when he crosses the Murray. There is no doubt but there are difficulties in the way. A small body of men have next to' create a nation.' And the creation of a nation is, in cant phrase, 'a large order.' 