¡THE MERCURY. 1 BOBABT: THURSDAY, FSB, G, 1890. EPITOME OP NEWS. I Heat wave still cumulating. Thermometer at Sorell has gone up to USdec. in «un. i Barometer tailing ; rain probably impend- ing. ¡ Tasmanian Rifle Regiment parades at range, Sendy-Ba», Saturday afternoon nexfc 1 S.s. Huon makes.MoonCght excursion to- morrow evening. ' 1 Box plan now open at Suasaan'a, Murray* street, for Grattan Riggs' beneflt on Friday, a Elwick Race« railway arrangements an- nounced. .Gospel temperance meeting at Sailors' Home to-morrow eveniatr. i -. , ' ' ?? I Terrier dog show atJHxnlbition Building on the 11th inst. / ! -1 ' . ! Highest temperature yesterday in shade, 92'3deg. at 11 a.m. Highest in sun during ¡day, 141'5deg.; at 3 p.m. B4deg. in ehade. , Supreme Court Small Debts Jurisdiction bits at 10.30 this' morning. Gill v. Butte» and ¿co« only case for hearing. 1 Afternoon of Wednesday and Fnday next declared public holidays, and{ Wednesday, 26th, bank holiday for Southern Tasmania. i The isltaughrcm at the Theatre Royal' grand success last night To-night last per- formance/ ,i Jr . J ' I Poor attendance at Ramblers' Bicycle Sports'yesterday. A. Golding first in four handicap i events, and takes the R.B.C. trophy, _ - _ Gas Go.' declares a 'dividend of Cl'poi share, and have decided to increase capital from £54,000 tq'"£80,000 new shares to be distributed among present shareholders. D. Bligh, farmer, I Sorell, mulcted in £50 damages, at, Suprome Court yesterday for non-fulfilment of'promUe to marry Annie nBr-hn** |I*xíj|íí %a£j.C.. J "-y'-r"'r 'I'Mim rr V 1 !f 'Ï ' ' desin «manu ?ton 'Osjii, i «.«.ii. - .»>. International football dispute settled. _r»»n-xr«t»in.Congr«««Araitona«falling. Bismarck talk« of resigning. The Due de Mpntpoanlr is» dead./ (f) I Lincoln Rituffiaafeaias now beingtrhd. J ..The Osar will not rtcogmso the Brazilian RepnbllcwWle the deposed Den Pedro lives. A telegraph «tatton topttw--i«ti laidley township. Queensland. _ Over lOOdeff. in the shade in Melbourne yesterday No prospect of change. Tasmanian 4 per cents, advanced £2 in the London market. AU détestâtes to 'Federal Conference, are now in Melbourne. The Australian colts are still doing good work in training. ... Coal porters on the Thames aro obiecting to the use of cranes for unloading The British Premier has resumed attend- ance at Cabinet meetings. Ten lives lost in Boston by the burning of an overcrowded boarding-house. Lord Hartington remains in Egypt until after Easter. . _ .. French flagship in the Pacific condemned by her Admiral. . - Mora labour troubles are occurring in Eng- land and Austria ... The Standard tau» . financia! panic is im- pending French national expenditure last year greatly exceeded revenue. A Socialistic riot bas occurred at Straus f urth. in Prussian Saxony. Plot to assassinate Bulgarian Ministry frustrated Russian influence suspected. Stranded steamer Riverina still hard and fast on rocks. Terrible nuning accident in New South Wale«. Three miners blown to pieces. .Governor Norman of Queensland, probably retire« in the coming «pring. On the 17th inst. a simultaneous raid against {rabbits will be made throughout Victoria. , , Shakespeare has been played in dumb «how in London, and the performance was perfectly intelligible to the audience. Sir Julius Vogel thinks a halfpenny post- age rate In Groat Britain should precede ocean penny postage. English coal Is being boycotted in Por- tugal, and 200,000 tons of Belgian coal already imported. Spain look« with mistrust on tha' constant presence of British men of war at the Dañarle« The Commercial Bank, Melbourne, will probably be recouped the money stolen bv AUpreai, the levanting cashier. _ Pigeon-shooting match in Melbourne yes- terday between Captain Brewer, American champion, and L. Clarke, of Melboume.Uun Club, won by the latter. Mos; of our contemporaries ; in (he other colonies, we see, are engaged in discussing the Federal Conference, which will begin its sittings to-day in Melbourne. Speculation on^such an important piece of business is, we suppose, inevitable, but we must Bay that the only thing which the discus- sion does make clear is, that nothing is clear; or certain. It is generally agreed, however, that the move is with Sir HEWBY PARKES. He seised on the report on 'defence of Major-General Edwards as a chance to do what he has attempted in many ways before, to make a name for' himself, and he has so far succeeded as that he will be, no doubt, elected President of the Conference. In that position he will have to deliver an inaugural address, which will give him an oppor- tunity of propounding any policy which he may have matured during the last few months. If he should set forth a scheme of Federation generally acceptable, he may aspire to the title of the Father of his Country, albeit he may not be such a parent as some of us would desire. We think, however, that it is highly improbable that any definite plan will be proposed by Sir HENEY PARKES and adopted by the Confer- ence, for the sufficient reason, that the delegates are not in a position to take action, for they do not in the least know how much eachLegisIature maybe disposed to concede. Thequestion seems to us to have been unwisely forced by the action of Sir HENRY PAEKES, so that it is most probable we shall have to go back and begin at the beginning We take that to be the dis- cussion of the subject in the various colonial Legislatures, by which means we shall leam how far an agreement is possible with those Legislatures as at present constituted, and what the various colonies - shall be asked todecide at their general elections as they occur. The Conference may find, after all, that this is the way in which it will have to act. It may fol- low several courses, but all of them must be with a view to the local legislative bodies, which are the first arbiters for each colony. It may, probably will, come to the conclusion that its business is only to clear the way. That is, not being, clearly, sufficiently representative itself to venture ¿ to decide so grave and so difficult a question, it may arrange for the meeting of a really representa!-1 tive convention of, /the whole of the colonies, which shall not be composed of a' few Ministers, who may owe their positions more to accident than merit, but of men who are truly representative. Such a con- vention, which we should like to see i chosen by the electors of each colony, would have'th'e people at its back, and I having the people, would command the i Legislatures Such a convention would be able to fairly face the question of intercolonial free-trade as ¡opposed to protection, and we have little doubt but that it would at once sweep away many difficulties which now appear to be insuperable. It is, let it be remem- bered, the business of - politicians to ¡raise obstacles, as they live mainly on ¡local influences. Their views, os a 'rule, are 'shaped to suit their constituencies, so that the interests of an i Empire may be sacrificed to meet ¡the opinions of a few local Popkinses resident in some Little Peddlington. (Ministers, moreover, ore anxious to |keop their positions, they are not free to say what they think, and thus we are placing a great national movement in the hands of men whose feelings and opinions are often grotesquely local. j We take it that the Ministers will find that they are incompetent to deal With this great question. They have hot sufficient weight. They do not possess the confidence and the respect of the .public to such a degree as to make their decisions binding, and, thus, opposition' will grow up, in various ways. What is reilly wanted is, the representation , of the < > intelligence and public-opinion of Australasia which can only, be got by,the choice of a separate body specially authorised to do this work.1 Such body would not, of course, have legislative power, but it would practically command the Legislatures, and thus we should get an authoritative state- ment ' of , what is ' ¡deemed ' to be best, from a body which would command general respect, and possess à degree of influence which cannot so much as be hoped for by an assembly of ' Ministers umerély., The -, s new problem must be solved by new machinery. We propose to try,and make a revolution, and we must resort r to revolutionary , methods. Thew''methods are not, necessarily, cUsoiJBrly ofsjMfc stapage, bflt are «nch uawnlly^Mle out of novel circuin stÄs> WSfare^dreaäfully'ion servative that we hardly think "of going outside the tried-ways, although it is .plain .that we can^aly^reach the goal which-we seek in a/very round abont manner by-following them, if, indeed, two can.rreachit.at'alto \- It will be interesting to see to what .extent this Conference will rise to the ¡occasion. It is, evidently, one when all personal and party ambitions should be sunk, when large ideas should prevail, when there should be ,full faith in an appeal to the patriotism 'and good-sense of the people. If 'such an appeal is made, and |made by a body which is felt (to be representative in the highest sense, we believe that the barriers ¡which tariffs have set up would quickly vanish, and the colonies would ¡with one voice declare that they are one, and will be undivided. For, if we but consider, we shall see that 'most of the enmities are the work of the politicians. It is they who in 'New South Wales have stopped Federation hitherto ; it is they who in Victoria have made the border war- fare, and assailed New South Wales ; it is they who live on local jealousies and distinctions, and who get up cries ¡which the people adopt If the Con; terence is wise enough to dis- cover its own inability and want 'of weight, which we doubt, it .will prepare the way for such a Con ¡vention as we have suggested, which will, we think, lay the foundations of Federation broad ' and deep, the edifice on which will spring up amidst 'the enthusiasm of the whole people of Australasia. If it does not seize this occasion, possibly the Federation movement may be lost for years in shallows and in miseries. IN the anxiety of Tasmanian fruitgrowers to establish a market in the Old Country for their produce, they should not overlook thoie nearer at hand. It is not to be ex- pected that the countries which have been supplied with the best fruit for years will be content to take only that which is not con- sidered good enough to be sent to Europe. If they were compelled to Uko Tasmanian fruit because there wa« not any other to be had, they might do so, but each year the orchard area« of the Australian colonies is increased, and from within their own bound- aries a good supply can be obtained, deficient in flavour perhaps, but saleable fruit never- theless. A few years ago a grower in the New England district of Now South Wales came to Tasmania, to purchase young trees, and he had so much di&culty; in getting what he wanted and saw so much careless management in rearing young stock that ho made up his mind not to come here tagainj and to ' advise his neighbours to go to Victoria for their require- ments. At Shepparton and other places in Victoria there are well managed nurseries, at whioh young trees carefully reared, and in almost any quantity, can be purohased, but in this colony, where the future of tho fruit industry is expected to be a grand one, nothing of the kind is to be found. In fact, one of the speakers at the recent Conference declared that there are not any blight proof apple trees grown in the colony, and, as a grower, if planting out an orohard, he would not plant Tasmanian grown trees, for he could obtain wider variety and blight proof trees in the neighbouring colonies. Tasmanian fruit cannot keep its name unless some alteration takes place in this direction, and the newly formed Tasmanian «Trull growers' Association should make this ono of their first considerations. Individual growers Bhould not forget that first-class fruit delivered in good and attractive con- dition in Sydney would realise more than ordinary rates, and provo as profitable in some cases, perhaps, as shipping to England. MINISTERIAL.-The Minister of Lands and Works was unable to proceed North yesterday according to arrangement, this owing to indisposition, but he will be a passenger by this morning's express. ? L BLACK THURSDAY.-On Thursday, Feb- ruary G, 1851, intenBO heat and bush'fires prevailed throughout Tasmania, earning for that day the name of Black Thursday. Tho weather recently prevailing givea reminder of the occurrence. A HUMANE SUGGESTION.-A correspon- dent writes us :-" During the present terribly hot weather cabmen and others would do well to follow a practico which is largely carried out in Melbourne, that of .providing u white covering to'protect tho I top of tho horses'heads from the piercing/ I rays of the sun. These poor animals must i suffer very much from this causo, indeed in , Melbourne and Sydney cases of sunstroke 'amongst horses are not at all uncommon. The cover should be u hand loose over the 'head, with two holes for the ears to como through It would be' a work of merciful ¡kindness if some ladies' would make some of .these coverings and give them to cabmen to mee." . i !_' i ii i FRIENDLY SOCIETIES DISPENSARY.-Tho annual meeting of the united Friendly ¡Societies Dispensary wus held lost evening in the Oddfellows Chambers, Collihs-strcet. iTIie balance shectandUuditorsrcport wasread 'and adopted, showed that tho dispensary is ¡worked on proper lines,and tliattliediüpenssr 'keeps tho expenditure within proper limits. |Tho various Boéietics connected therewith were largely represented, and tho following officers were elected for the ensuing year : 'President, Mr. Alderman Arnott ; vico president, Mr. Robt. H. Stabb ; Board of Management, Messrs. Tansell, Marsden, Langford, M. Konnedy, Chas. Mills, Jas. ¡Elliss, Thos. Davies, J. Hoare, Johns, Hall, 'Andrews, Hodgins ; secretary, Mr. John iWhclaa ; treasurer, Mr. John Andrews. The salaries were passed as for the previous 'year, with the exception of tho assistant dispenser, who received an increase of £12. por annum. Votes of thanks to tho retiring officers and Board were -passed, who wore complimented ontlie satisfactory manner m which their work had been carried on. I PROPERTIES AT STRAiiAN.~Mr. G. S. Crouch yesterday submitted a number of sections in the township of Strahan for public competition, but failed to elicit any pids equalling reserves, and the lots woro consequentlyipaesed in. j ST. MATTHEWS'.-In connection with St. Matthew's Church, New Norfolk, a meet- ing of members and friends has boen announced by advertisement for this evening at half-past 7, the business being to discuss the condition of the local church finance, frith special reference to the Curate's Stipend Fund. The meeting will be held in the Sunday-Bchool room._ i JUDGMENT SUMMONSES.-Mr. Commis- sioner Tarleton, at a aitting of the Court of Requests yesterday for the purpose of hear- ing judgment summonses, dealt with the following cases :-There was no appearance of either party in the caso Johnston and or», v. Swinton, but Mr. V. J. Ellis (Evans and Ellis), present on behalf of tho plaintiff, handed in a letter from the defendant pro- mising to pay 7«. 6d. a week. Mr. J. Dear (Perkins and Dear) appeared for the plaintiff n the case Mulcahy v. Penny. There was no appearance of the defendant or any one on his behalf, and Mr. Dear said his client would consent to an order being made against the defendant for tho payment of 4s. a week. The order was made. A number of cases were adjourned until tho next Court on applications made. i COURT OF REQUESTS.-At tho Court of Requests (£10 jurisdiction) to-day the fol- lowing defended cases will bo heard : Creswell ». O'neill, James v. Gallagher, Oralea v. Thorp. Tho Court sits at 10 o'clock. i CITY Ponai. COURT.-Before the Police Magistrate yesterday, Catherine Ronnie, for using obsceno language, ii as fined fis. or seven days. For disturbing the peace John Griffin was mulcted in 10s. Od. or 14 days, and George Dawtray in Sa. or seven days.. i LEGAL.-We notice Mr. E. Maxwell has commenced business as a solicitor, prac- tising at Ko. 1, Lord'i-Flace, Elizabeth ?trott.) I V il' ?.«- -»i - I GLENORCHY Facrr BoARDe-Thls Board met on the 3rd fast. "Preseat-MrJH. 8.. It. Wright,vehatrmanr<M«isM. Murray, Diokenson, S. J. Cato,,and S.^Shoobridge. Minutes of the spécial meeting were read and confirmed. The inspector, Mr. S. VV. Gould, read his report of orchard« inspected and other work done in connection with the Codlin Moth Act, which waa oonaidored satisfactory. The Board took "into con- sidération several mattera in connection with tho fruit industry. The Inspector wns , instructed to now charge the extra one-1 fourth on all rates not paid. Somo small aocounts were passed for payment, and the Bjard roso. ' , U ' ' ' » i KMI'I.OYKES PICNIC.-Yesterday afternoon the employees of Mr. K Mulcahy, together with some of their friends, took their annual outing to Denne's Point. The s sí Taranna was the boat chartered, and as she Bteamed from tho wharf «he had on board at least 100 persons on pleasure bent. The ti ip proved most enjoyable, and when the Point was reached, disembarkation took placo, games and other amusements were indulged in, and full justice done to the substantial edibles provided. The return by moonlight in the cool of the evening was a fitting con- clusion to so pleasant an affair. i > S.S. HUON EXCURSION.-Tho favourite s.S. Huon goes another popular moonlight trip up the river on Friday evening, leaving the wharf at 7-30. An efficient band has been engaged, which should help to make the i trip pa«s most .enjoyably. i The Huon return« to the whsrf about 10 o'clock. ¡ , 1 SILVER CHOWN EXCURSION.- Another en- joyable river excursion, growing each timo more popular, is to be made this evening hy f »>« « . Siilv,». Prawn and. as on previous occasions, a concert will be held on board, Millar A. .Fraser being answerablo for " Margarita " and " On deck." New solos by other vocalists are announced tobo given. ABNOLD-BARNKTT CONCERTS. - At ¡ the third of these popular afternoon concerts, which takes place to-morrow at the Town Hall, at 4,30 p.m., the vocalist will be Mrs. Giblin, io well known as one of the , most favourite singers In this town. .Thiajady, >vho has so kindly given her, assistance, will sing, amongst other selections, a «eng by A. M. Wakefield, entitled " Shaking i grass." Amongst the selections of Mr. Barnett will be a Serenade Italienne of Valle de Faz and a atudy in G flat by Chopin,.both new to Hobart audiences. Mr. Hubert Arnold will include in his selections a new .cavatina by Böhm, very much allied to the beautiful and famous cavatina by Raff. Tho perform ance commences at 4.30 p.m., and should prove a most Interesting and enjoyable one. PROMENADE CONCERT.-Last evening the Garrison Band, under the oonductorahip of Mr. W. T. Bates, gave another promenade concert in the Barrack Reserve, xh? band- stand wa« nicely illuminated, and the selec- tions given were well up to the standard for which this band is celebrated. Despite the delightful evening, public patronage did not come up to eipectlon, at least not within' hhe gate«, the entry through which meant a j ?liver ooin. There wa«,' however, the usual throng outside the fenoe who evidently enjoyed th« music quite H much a« though they had been nearer the performer«. CO-OPKRATTVE MILLING Co.-The pros- pectus ot the Farmers' Co-operative Muling Co. of Tasmania U published elaewhero. The authorised capital' is Mt down at £10,000 in 10,000 «hare« of £1 each, payable on easy terms, but it U not expected that more than 10s. will be called up during the first year of operations. The company has been formed to do all class of milling in addition to grouting, negotiating, and guaranteeing loans; and-lending money on freehold ana leasehold property generally, inoludiug stock, crops, and other effeots and in fact generally assist and holp farmers. The first business of the company will be the purchase from Mr. Robert James, of North Bridgewater, of mill, milling plant and dwelling, including SO acres of land, for £3,500, £2,600 to bo pall in cash, and the balance in shares paid up to £1. Mr. James and his employees are to bo retained by the company, and he guarantees a turn out of 20 tons of flour weekly, which, it is estimated, will yield a nett profit of at least £1,000 per year. Purchase* of wheat will, as far as possible, be Ihnitod'to Tasmanian grown cereals. As soon ai' 6,000 «bares have been allotted busineNwttl be commenced, and the direc- tors will ta appaeinted at the first general meeting of shareholders, and they in turn will appoint managers,banWcrs,untl solicitors. Applications for shares to bo mado to Mr. G. E. Piesse or any of tho Provisional Com- mittee SANDY BAY REOATTA.-For the purposo of making arrangements towards carrying out the Sandy Bay regatta this year a meeting of all interested in the matter has been called" for, to be held at the Clarendon Hotel at a quarter to oHbls evening. A STRÄNDE ESCAPADE OP TWO GIRLS. The matron of the Home for. Neglected Children has visited Launceston ' and taken charge of two girls who had bien in the custody of tho Launceston police and taken them back with har to Melbourne in the s.S. Flinders. The circumstances of their brief'visit to Tasmania are thus recorded in the.Ar/eof Tuesday*. last :-" The particu- lars of a daring escapado on tho part of two girls, one 12 and tho other 4 years of age, have been brought under tho notico of the Melbourne police in an official communi- cation 'from the Tasmanian authorities. It appears that about three weeks sinco a girl ol'12, giving the namoof Kate Bloomfield, . was found wandering about the streets and taken'for shelter to the city watchhonse, ! Tlio''in'<iúir¡c8 mado by tho police resulted in the discovery that the girl was tho child of a strolling actress,- and that' mother and daughter bad for years been touring the colonies. It was surmised from the girl's story that her mother had dosortcd her, and on tile following day she ii as handed over to the cure of Miss Sutherland, who re- ceived her as an inmate of the Homo for Neglected Children established by ,tho Scots' Church in East Melbourne. ; There Kate Bloomfield romainod, apparently ;(luite content with hot lot until last Thurs- day, when she suddonly disappeared in company with Lizzie Pullenger, u child 4 years of age, who had been an inmate of tho Home for moro, than two years. The two children went out for a walk together and (their absence was ' not notice«! until tho inmates wcro mustered somo hours after- wards. Information was at onco given to the police, and diligent1 search made in ( he city ' .md suburbs, but without success, until the whereabouts of the escapees wore disclosed in an entirely unexpected manner. Kate Bloomfield described liciaelf as a Tasmanian, and ibis fact lod one'ot the Parliamentary representatives of tho island colony on a chanco visit to the homo to pay particular attention to tho little waif. Un tho return trip to Tasmania' ho overheard thoj captain talking to a passenger about two girls, one of whom was named Kate Bloom- field, who had reached Tasmania as stow- aways on a previous trip, and soon after land- ing bad been arrested as vagrants. Inquiries mude on tho arrival of the steamer proved Mist tho children wore identical with those missing from tho East Melbourne institution. It sicins they had actually managed to stow tlicmselvos away on board a steamer bound for Rcaconrficld, and When discovered by tho police they wera busily engaged over a pack of cards, with which tho elder girl was giving hor companion a lesson in tiie mysteries of euchre. On the application of the member of Parliament tho two girls were remanded, and will ibo returned' to Victoria in custody." ' i > ' '" PROHIBITION.-Alliance, ¡[Ohio, is under local prohibition, but' (says an exchange) tho whisky gets there all the samo. The freight office records show that about a cartload of boxes,' 'labelled, '.'IWindow glass ; handle with care," reach the town every day. _ , \\* \ i ' > . < ' i .?! I "li .-, 