HERR HINZE, an ex-officer of the Ger man army, has contributed to the Nation, a German periodical, an article on the armed peace of Europe. As liis starting point he takes the year 18ly, which marks the culmination of the great war. At that time all the greater communities of Europe were more or less directly in volved in general combat, and they all put forth their entire available strength. To estimate this we must take the numerical total of troops ■which were under arms, and such re serves as were, so to speak, within call. Herr Hixze calculates this total military strength for 1815, again for §1876, and yet again for 1889, and the figures he produces are very significant. The German empire had in 1815 a muster roll of 430,000 men, with reserves to an approximately equal number. To-day ' the empire counts 2,900,000 drilled soldiers and 3.500.000 of reserves, making a total of 0,400,000 men. Russia had, in 1815, a standing force of 850,000, but she could now send into the field a total of 4,500,000, and back them with a re serve of 8,000,000. France, in 1815, reckoned about 900,000 troops of all grades, but her army now totals 2,600,000, with a reserve force of 1.400.000 more. Austro-Hungary in the Waterloo year could muster only 350.000 trained soldiers, but now she reckons 1,800,000, and has, on paper, at least a reserve of 1,500,000. And Italy, which in ISIS had the modest total of 200,000 rank and file, now has a muster roll of 1,700,000, beside a reserve of 1,400,000 more. The totals when added and compared tell their own story. The five great nations named had in 1815 a gross total of 2.730.000 fighting men. In 1876 this aggregate had risen to 5,900,000, and in 18S9 it attained the enormous sum of 13,500,000 or, if we add reserves, 24.800.000 available fighting men. The cost of maintaining this immense number of troops is of course enor mous, and equally of course is con stantly increasing. In 1889 the Army Bill, on Here Hinze’s computation amounted to, in Russia £33,478,450 per annum, in France to £21,744,400, Germany £18,140,950, Austro- Hungary £10,904,100, and Italy £9,535,900. This amazing expansion of national armies has been accompanied by a still more marvellous developement of powerful weapons. We may set it down as a matter of course that the arms and ammunition which were in use in the Napoleonic war have long since been voted obsolete. But we need not look back so far to get materials for a very striking com parison. The great Franco-German conflict took place less than 20 years .ago, and it was admitted that the German troops had an immense advan tage over their adversaries in the ter rible needle gun. The same weapon is new relegated to museums of anti quated curiosities. It had a range of 500 yards and a smart man could fire with it eight shots per minute. The French Lebel rifle is lighter in the hand, has a range of over a mile, and can fire eight shots in 20 seconds. Even this is considered slow work in comparison with that of the Maxim gun which pours forth a withering fire of deadly missiles. In -encounters of infantry, says Herr. Hinze, firing will begin at nearly a mile distance and grow more and more deadly up to a range of 200 yards, at which distance the command will be given to charge hand to hand. But there might be not enough left to form a column or a square. The artillery, which will back up the soldiers, can be worked with murderous effect at 7000 yards, or say three miles. Shrapnel can be thrown 5000 yards, while the preferable and easy fighting range will be about a mile and a half. While ordinary artillery would do such work as this, siege guns would do execution still more remarkable. The range of these terrible weapons has reached 10.000 yards, and at shorter ranges balls are thrown weighing each three hundredweights and a half. Such missiles would be merely sparrow shot in comparison with some thrown by fort guns and ironclads, which can launch against- an enemy a solid mass of metal weighing up to a ton. Shells used to be filled with ordinary, gunpowder, but they now are charged with damp gun cotton, which renders one shell as deadly as half-a-dozen of the older type. Then comes the pneumatic gun of the American inventor, which throws a quarter of a ton of dynamite a mile or more. Such a discharge would assuredly blow the stoutest ironclad out of existence if it exploded anywhere near her. The direct infer ence from all this is that the next war, come when or where it will, must prove more deadly to the combatants than the most sanguinary battles of history or tradition. In the war of IS7O-1, which was fought to the death between bitterly incensed opponents, it is estimated that 15 per cent, of the combatants were killed. A moderate estimate of the next great war is that 40 or 50 per cent, of those engaged in it will fall before the murderous en gines of modern warfare. It is. no wonder that every European potentate shrinks with horror from the respon sibility of firing the first gun. Colonel Templeton’s report on the affairs of the Premier Permanent Build ing Society is conclusive as to exist ence of irregularities so grave as to necessitate a financial fiasco sooner or later. He was called iu to advise-and assist about eight weeks since, and he reports that he found the office “ in a state of disorganisation, and the office staff completely demoralised.” The clerk's were unable to explain the books, and took refuge iu the feeble statement that the " late secretary was the only one who could do so. This naturally prepared Colonel Templeton to find all sorts of- clerical irregularities in the keeping of the accounts of the society, but the reality, as it gradually appeared, must have gone beyond his worst anticipations. The cash book he found had never been kept posted up, and did not show the amount received day by day. “I have never,” says Colonel Templeton, “ been able to get an explanation of the manner of enter ing up this book.” Rough cashbooks were kept by clerks who took the public money, but although these were initialled by the officer whose duty it was to receive the cash, no sort of means were apparently taken to ensure that all the cash paid in was ac counted for. “It seems,” says Colonel Templeton, “ to have been a matter of indifference whether the cash were over or short, or whether the total entered was correct.” Anything is possible in an institution where cash is handled in this loose way. The bor rowers’ ledger proved to be a mass of. incoherent entries, which did not show the amount of money loaned; and the progress payment book showed clumsy erasures and. alterations, with in some cases slips of paper pasted over lines, and new entries made on the slips. Some borrowers appear to have received much more than the amount applied for and debited to them, merely because of the confused way in which accounts were kept. The same loose .way o£ business was evi denced by the in which loans ! were ' granted. In June, 1888, the ' board authorised Van advance of £106,500 to a who already ranked as a borrower to the tune of nearly £50,000, but had not repaid one penny of either principal or in terest. Such erratic business transac tions as these were, however, com pletely eclipsed by the action of Mr Mirams, the former secretary. Says Colonel Templeton, “ I produced five cheques dated 2Sth Septem ber, ISBS, amounting in all to £825,215, and asked him if the signatures ‘.James Mirams’ were his. He admitted that they were but knew nothing about the cheques or the entries, and it further appeared that he frequently signed parcels of blank cheques and left them to be filled in by Mr Doherty, not ap parently thinking it worth while to enquire what was done with the money.” It will not be at all surprising after this to learn that loans have been made apparently far in excess of the value of the property loaned upon. A list of 17 of these is cited by Colonel Templeton. The gross amount advanced is £278,274, and the present value of the. properties is by the ■ estimate of one valuer £262,540, and by that of another £176,952. By the most favorable estimate the company stands to lose £15,733, and by the other the prob able loss rises to £101,322. It may be taken as probable that the lowest estimate most nearly represents the actual market value. There is no need to wander farther into this wilderness of blundering mis management. What the public, and especially the depositors in the savings’ bank department of the in stitution, want to know, is whether the society is hopelessly insolvent, and the depositors and shareholders stand to lose their money. The directors will find it very difficult to acquit themselves of the charge of culpable negligence. They -were elected to see to the interests of depositors and share holders, and if they found this impos sible they ought, in common honesty, to have resigned. If it hereafter ap pear that negligence on the part of the directors led to the loss of funds en trusted to them they will deserve a signal punishment for a particularly bad form of breach of trust. We must, in the interest of those who have put their money into the Premier Per manent, hope that the report which the directors are now preparing will show the affairs of the institution in a some what better light. Mr W. P. Martin, the well-kuown mem ber of the Ballarat Orphan Asylum Com mittee, narrowly escaped drowning at Sor rento yesterday afternoon. lie was oue of the Licensed Victuallers’ excursion party,' and being desirous of boarding the steamer Oz-me, which was anchored in the stream, three quarters of a mile from the Sorrento pier, he engaged a Greek fisherman to con vey him in his boat to the vessel. On reach ing the vessel the fisherman made his skiff fast to one of the paddles of the stamer. Almost immediately afterwards the steamer was set in motion, and the fi-hiug boat with its occupants was pulled under the water. The second mate fortunately observed the accident, and seeing Mr Martin and the fisherman struggling in the sea, which at this spot is about 21 feet in depth, be called to the captain, who was on the bridge. The captain stoppeil the engines, a boat, was lowered from the steamer, and the unfortunate men were rescued from their perilous position. The bay in and around Sorrento abounds with sharks at the present time, and by many on board the steamer it was considered fortunate that these voracious denizens of the deep were not in the imme diate vicinity where the accident occurred. Mrs Martin, who accompanied her husband on the occasion, left Sorrento for Melbourne by the Cogee ab- ut 10 minutes prior to the accident. On being raised on board Captain Campbell, of the Ozoue, accommodated Mi- Martin with a bunk while his (benched gar meats were being dried at the fires in the engiueroom. The death of Mrs Sophia Ballhausen, mother of the Messrs Ballhausen, the well known battery-owners, occurred yesterday somewhat suddenly. The deceased, who was S9 years of age, had been residing at the residence of her son in Barkly street. For some time past she had been in feeble health, and had been attended to by Dr Hudson. Yesterday morning she was found lying face downwards in her bath, dead. It is thought she had a sudden fit of weakness, and falling into the water was drowned. Mr Thomson, P.M., held a magisterial enquiry in the afternoon, when a verdict of accidental drowning was returned. The flags at the Dutch Harry hotel and at the rooms of tiie German Ass •- edition, at the Phccuix hotel, were yesterday flown at half-mast. The remains of the de ceased will be interred this afternoon iu the Old Cemetery, the funeral leaving her late residence at 3 o’clock. His Honor Judge Gaunt and Mrs Gaunt returned to Victoria on the sth instant by B.s. Tekapo, after a most enjoyable vacation tour throughout the north and middle islands of J\ew Zealand. Iu compliance with the frequently expressed wishes of the Legislature and the statute ou the subject, the Government have determined that the Western Circuit district shall be allotted to Judge Gaunt, who has beeu requested to take up his residence in this city. Judge Gaunt i3 now iu search of a suitable resi dence iu or near Ballarat, and will hence forth make bis headquarters here, it being understood that he will not be called upon to act in Melbourne or elsewhere, except in cases of emergency. All communications on the business of the courts in the Western Circuit must be addressed to the registrar, Court House, Ballarat,- and not to the judge. Ayoung man, named Alfred Scammel, aged 22 years, a resident of Ballarat, met with a somewhat peculiar accident at Geelong on Wednesday night. He was oue of the Licensed Victuallers’ exclusion party, and on arriving at the seaside he took up his quaiters at the Victoria hotel. Shortly after retiring to rest he fell into a sound slumber, and in his sleep he arose from his bed and walked out through the window of liis bedroom, which was situated iu an upper stoiey. Scaiumel fell heavily ou the pave ment, but, singular to say, he escaped with slight injuries to his head. Yesterday morn ing he consulted a Geelong surgeon, who treated the iujuries sustained. It is said that Scammel is a somnambulist. The tenders received for the supply of an electric lighting plaut for the Mechanics’ Institute have proved to be in excess of the estimate, an extraordinary meeting of members has accordingly been called for Monday evening, 21th iust., to consider the matter. The' Melbourne mail train, timed to arrive at Ballarat West last uight at 10.25, was over one hour late. Things were muddled, first in the direction of Terang on the Warruambool line, and subsequently delays took place between Melbourne and Geelong. It was rumored at the latter station that the trains in the Western district had been canght in the bushfires that were raging. Betweeu Geelong and Ballarat many of the passengers were asking in vain for a drink, but the railway employes re fused to bring it. At Lai Lai this was notably the case, and the matter will be re ported to the Commissioners. "Mr C.-Marks, watchmaker and jeweller, of Sturt street, who a day or two ago fell and broke the small bone of his leg, is pro gressing favorably, but some days must elapse before.he can be about-again. Onr Melbourne correspondent, writing last evening, says:—“ The heat of the weather is still the prevailing topic, and the manner in which it interferes with busiuess is something marvellous.. According to Mr Ellery there is a clianco of a speedy change, as the barometer, which for the last three weeks lias been almost-.unvarying in its aspect, has to-day, which ia the anniversary of Black Thursday, thought fit; to fall slightly. People are doubtful of Mr Ellery’s promises now,- but even for this ; small inercy, with the thermometer at 103 in ;,the -simile aud 148 in the- sun, we are thankful.” The thermometer yesterday. registered 96 degrees, in the shade and 155 degrees in the sun. We regret to have to record the death of MrT. Durose, son of the well-known resi dent of Soldiers Hill of that name. The deceased had only been married five months. Heat apoplexy was the cause of death, this being the second fatal result from suu3troke in Ballarat this week. The deceased young man, who was generally respected, was em ployed at M'Phcc and Co.’s office, and was nt hi3 work on Saturday. The greatest sympathy is felt for his widow aud parents. Writing last evening our Melbourne cor respondent says :—“ Colonel Smith, M.L.A., has obtained from the Railway Department a promise that on 17th March, when the miners’ picnic takes place from Ballarat to Queenscliff,’ holders of excursion tickets will be allowed to travel by the ordinaly trains, provided that not more than 100 tickets are presented in this way.” Miss Evans, who is deputed by the Depart ment of Education to teach the kindergarten system in our State schools, was present at the Central school yesterday. There were a number of teachers in atiendauce, and some useful hints were giveu. Messrs E. Williams and Morrison (clerk of Petty Sessions) and others are arranging for a first-class yacht race, to take place nt the lake to-m»rrow afternoon. The weather wise predict the strong probability -of a good breeze for the occasion. A picnic from the Anglican Church at Clunes visited Geelong yesterday, ami the visitors enjoyed themselves at the gardens ns well as was possible under the circuin .-.tances. The fortnightly meeting of the Town Council will be held this evening. The annual picnic iu connection with the Buninyong gardeners’ employes took place yesterday. There was the usual procession of vehicles decorated with fiuits of the earth, iu the shape of vegetables, cereals, and fruit. The City gardens were, as hitherto, the place of rendezvous. There was a large muster, especially considering the weather, which somewhat interfered with the games. The picnickers, however, spent a veryTpleasant day, and left on the return journey at about dusk. Samuel Lutes, the elderly man who re ceived severe injuries on Saturday through being run over by a horse and dray, died yesterday morning at the hospital. A magisterial enquiry will be held to-day. The secretary of the Victorian Band of Hope,.in answer to a-question last evening iu reference to visiting children in their homes who were members of the Baud of Hope, said that the system of visiting was conducive to the success of Bands of Hope, aud he regretted that in cousequence of the long hours the shop assistants were kept at work in Melbourne very little time was available. In Ballarat, where the example oi short hours had been set to other cities, there was more opportunity for their tem perance workers to include visitations in their programme. The pulpit at St. Petei’s, Sturt street, is to be filled on Sunday morning next by the Veil. Archdeacon Julius. Tiiis is probably the last opportunity that the parishioners will have of hearing the archdeacon iu their own parish church, consequently it is ex pected that thesittiug capacity of the edifice will be filled to its utmost extent. Arch deacon Julius has always taken a kindly interest in St. Peter’s, and has ever been ready to give a helping hand when oppor tunity occurred. On the present occasion, through the archdeacon’s kindness, and that of other members of the diocese, the vicar, the Rev. \Y. Flower, has been enabled to proceed to Kynetou, where he is at piesent conducting a ten day’s mission in the Anglican church there. The smoke of a number of hush fires was visible iu various directions round Ballarat yesterday. Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Williams, P’nillips, Elsworth, and King, J’s.P., pre sided yesterday morning at the City Polico Court. Wung Yee, a half-caste Chinese lad of 13 years of age, was charged with having broken into the house of a Chinaman named Ah Chee, at Golden Point, aud stealing a quantity of pea-nuts. The prisoner bud pre viously been dealt-with under the Juvenile Otfenders Act, aud on this occasion he was sent to gaol for 14 days. Four inebriates were also dealt with. In consequence of the very sudden and lamented decease of Mrs Balihauseu, the cleaning up at Ballhauseu’s battery for the Suliemau Pasha Company will be postponed until Saturday. Two trifling casualties were attended to at the hospital yesterday. At the ordinary meeting of the Iron workers’ Association to-morrow night Mr Glass, the well-known teacher of short-hand, will tead a paper on the subject of phono graphy. Intending c- utractors for the erection of the Australian Natives’ Association hall are notified that teuders close on Saturday next, at 12 noon. The Ironworkers’ -Association will hold their annual picnic on Thuisday, 13th March, the Railway Commissioners having notified that that day is available. The train will travel by the direct route, and cheap fares will be charged. Tickets will be available for return by any ordinary train for a month. The following thefts have been reported to the police:—From Patrick O’Neil, iu Bal larat, a gold hunting English lever stop watcii, with gold double Albert chain, the two of the value of £6O. From Robert Hearn, at the railway station, Allendale, a tweed vest, with silver Waltham hunting watch and brass Albert chain. From E4win H. Austin, squatter, St. Enoch's, Skiptou, merino wether. Three bags of eels forwarded by a local fishmonger}* firm to Adelaide were detained at the border until the duty was paid on them. This amounted to £4. Considering the heat we have been experiencing, the state of the fish may he’imagined. . Three tiplers faced the bench nt the City Police Court yesterday.' The magistrates evidently had a fellow-feeling for them in this hot weather, and they were all dis charged. The- Minister of Public Instruction has issued an order to the effect that head teachers of State schools throughout the colony may dismiss their scholars upon any day during the current month that the ther mometer iu the school room reaches 90 deg. Numerous complaints have been made about the suffering endured by the children attend ing school during the present period of in tense heat, and it is chiefly to afford some relief to the scholars that the Minister lias decided to allow a holiday upon exception ally hot days. A destructive fire occurred at Knpaoyup on Tuesday, by which the flour mill of Mr \V. Duncan, M:L.A., was totally consumed. The tire started in the upper story, in the silk-dressing rouni, and is supposed to have been caused by friction. Many willing hands soon gathered and saved all the wheat aud flour that was bagged, but there were over 100 bags iu the bin, which, along with several tons of pollard and bran, were de stroyed. About £5O or £6O worth of mili w->nd was also burnt. It is rumored that the insurance amounts to about £lOOO, but Mr Dimcuu’s loss is over £2OOO. The Right Rev. Dr Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, and the Right Rev. Dr Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat (says the Spectator), arrived iu Hamilton on Tuesday. They remained, as the guests of the Rev. M. J. Shanahan, at the Hamilton presby tery, until Wednesday afternoon, when they left for Portland. The distinguished visi tors propose to remain for a few days at the seaside, and will probably return to their respective homes early next week. The visit of the right rev. gentlemen is of a pri vate nature, and quite uuconuected with any diocesan duty. Iu spite of the intolerable weather, all parts of the Opera House, with the excep tion of the dress circle-(says the Telegraph) were well attended on Wednesday evening, and those present saw “ Uncle Tom’s Cabin ” played with au unexpected amount of realism on the part of one of the bloodhounds. lu. the third act four fine bloodhounds are brought on for the purpose of pursuing the fugitive slave, Eliza Harris, across the frozen river. Three of'the dogs were docile enough to enact the parts required of .them by the dramatist, but the fourth insisted upon “ gagging.” This hound’s new departure was to manifest a very strong dislike to the slave-hunting lawyer, Marks, played by Mr J. F. Sheri dan. The amusement caused to the nmlieuce by this dislike fired the bloodhound’s am bition to further distinguish himself, and lie nmde a determined rush for Mr Sheridan, carrying his companion hound and the man in charge with him. Mr Sheridan “ cleared” the footlights at a bound, to the uproarious delight of the audience, who seemed to regard the proposed eating of the lawyer as part of the performance. The savage-animal, having been hauled back to the proper b'.isi ness of his part, Mr Sheridan regained the stage, and, by an apt impromptu, concealed from the audience the fact that anything un toward had taken place. At a meeting of District Grand Masters of Freemasons, held in Duuedin (says the Argus), a resolution was passed that it was not desirable to form a Grand Lodge of New Zealand at present. Notwithstanding this decision the promoters of v the Grand Lodge movement iuteud to proceed. In consequence of the strong representa tions made by the Government to the Public Service Board, the latter body (says the Age) has been induced to recede from the position taken up in regard to the remuneration tube paiil to the teinporaiy draftsmen employed at the Titles Office. From the very first the claims of the draftsmen to enter the public service at a minimum salary of £2OO a year, the remuneration paid for their services during the past two years, instead of at £ISO, as desired by the board, were strongly supported by the Attorney-General and the Chief Commissioner of Titles. The Public Service Board on Wednesday forwarded'a communication to the secretary of the Law Department, Mr A. P. Akehurst, enclosing a certificate authorising the admission into the service of the temporary draftsmen at a salary of £2OO a year. This will take from the first of the mouth. Excitement 13 still prevailing at Melbourne Hospital in reference to lady medical students. Four of tiie leading surgeons (says the Herald) strongly object to their presence at operations. A determined attempt has been made to commit suicide by drowning at the Fry Mill dam,. Lillimur, by a girl named Margaret Hfneai 'Slie was seen by. a man named Masson, who jumped in and seized her. She struggled and got away twice, hut the third time he held her, and she was saved. Masson lias only one arm, and that is dis abled. No motive for the attempt is known. 