Local and General. \----4--- T-n London we:l1 market is firm. T-er pay fob Wallaend Colliery for lthis fortnight amouste to £6000. Ten Grand Duke Nicholas of ussia hasb been pronounced incurably insane. YESTvenRDaY 387 bales of wool reached the looa.l sheds for dumning and ehipment. A 1'LOT to make Signor Fonseca dictator of the Argentine Republic has been suppressed. TeIrE evening, at St. Androw's Church, .Laman.strost, a grand choral service will be iheld. R.'M.S. ZALANDIA, with the inward 'Frisco snall, is due at Syducy on Saturday or Sunday 'morning. I se roevenue collected at the local Custom hlouse during thI past week amounted to •23872 13s 8d. SIn W. FTZHnc:BERT, Speaker of thie New Zealand Legislative Council, is reported to be dangerously ill. IN one day during the last fortnight the number of waggone of coal sent from Walls end mine was 432. Ter stevcdores at the London docks have refused to go out on strike attthe dictation of the Labour Council. TRe Reuter Telegraph Company have in creased their capitol, and intend to start an advertising agency. A YovsrN man named Robert Stroater was run over by a 'bus in George-street, dydney, on Monday, and killed. FIVa vessels for forein nod intercolonial ports eleared at the Customs yesterday, having on board 7347 tons of coal. T?r S. A. Railway Commissioners estimate that altogether the late strike has caused a loss on the railways of about £35,000. TRn steamer Fifeshliro arrived at Perth (W.A.) from London on iMonday, with nav vies and rails for the Midland Railway. THE 'Queensland Inspector of Stock is ~about to visit Sydney with a view of urging 'the establishment of an Australian Stock Institute. T·Hner :is great stringency in the New York money market. It is probable that the 'Bank of England will send a supply of gold 'to New York. 0? Monday evening Mr. Justin M'Carthy, in the House of Commons assumed the leader 'ship of the Home Rule party, and occupied Mr. Parnell's seat. TErr schooner Royal Duke, arrived rat Rockhampton (Q,) yesterday from Mary borough in a very leaky condition, being with .dificulty kept alaot. THe tetal arrivals of this season's wool at Sewcastle to date amount to 34,88G bales. For the corresponding period last year, 4?b,827 bales arrived. THe bill for the relief of distress, caused in Ireland by the partial failure of the potato crops has passed through both the Imperial IHouses of Parliament. AT Melbourne yesterday, a well-to-do stock and station agent named James Johneton, smothered his four children, shot his wife and poisoned himself. A 'IarN named Thomas Adams, a carpenter on the permanent way at Goulburn, was .caught between thie buffere of some trucks at Junce on Monday, and was killed. TUerseceders from the leadership of Mr. Parnell have subscribed £1000, in order to assist those members who have hitherto re ceived salaries from the Irish fund. Ten Premier of New Zealand is disap. pointed with the calibre of the now Parlia ment, and is of opinion that it will not be up to the standard of that lately dissolved. A VERDIcT of found drowned was given by the jury at the inquest held yesterday concerning the death of Henory Hale, whoso body was found in the harbour on Monday. Ton South Australian Premier thinks it is .quite likely that he may require members to sat after Christmas, because the financial business to be transacted is highly impor. tant. MESSRs. James Thomson and Thomas Dix, president and general secretary respec tively of the Miners' Association, returned to Newcastle from Melbourno on Monday night. RoIAnoRD HANNAhc, a labourer, was fined £10, or a month's gaol, at the Newtown Police Court on Monday, for throwing Iwo pieces of timber on the railway line near Amrn cliffe. TnsR.M.S.Zealandia arrived at Auckland, N.E., from San Francisco, on Monday night, being two days overdue. The cause of the delay was poor coal and the ship's bottom being foul. TnE new Technological Museum in Bathurst was opened by Mr. W. H. Butter, M.L.O., on Monday afternoon, in the pr-c senco of the Mayor and a number of citizens and ladies. Ten body of Thomas Wilkinson, well known in connection with the mining indus try in the Grafton district, lhas been found in the South River. Ho had been missing since November 22. TERnuE is no prqspect of a settlement of the miners' strike in the Illawarra district. the owners absolutely refusing to accede to the demands of the men to be taken back on 'the old terms. A DISPUTE, which has existed for some .days between the mar.nagement of the Broken rHill Proprietary Mine and the Amalgamated Engineers, culminated yesterday in the latter uoing out on strike. IN the Quarter Sessions yesterday, John Spooner, a Queensland aboriginal, was sen 'tenced to three years' imprisonment for attempting to commit an assault on a little girl 4k years of age. JeorN ?Yoou and John Herer. two non union labourers, were tried in ehle ?araitland 'uarter Sessions yesterday, for the alleged shooting and wounding with intent durinm the strike, and acquitted. Ter Anglo Australasian S. N. Company have made arrang-ments to run a monthly service from this port to.London, via ports. The Port .Tauckson is intended to be the pioaeer of the new service. TnE Sydney Daily Telegraph will insist that there is " trouble in the kraal country." Every schoolboy ought to know that the trouble is at the braal, or villagoe, of the partioular chief mentioned. Ten crushing returns at Charters Towers (Q.) for the month of November show a yield of 14.951oz of gold from 10,957 tons of stone. The total yield for the year to date is 188,2790e from 108,447 tone. Tlen idea of holding wool sales at New castle this season, by Messras. Goldsbrough and Co., in conjunction with Meaers. Dalgety and Co., lhas been abandoned, as the present time is considered unfavourable. 'A ARGEn bush-fire occurred near Dubbo on Monday, caused by hare hunters setting fire to' a log to burn a have out. The fire caught the grass, causing much damage. ' A S.ehower of rain fell, extinguishing the fire. AT the Police Court yesterday, a woman * name Caroline Sheppard was ordered to find a surety in the sum of £10 that she would keep the peace for three months toward her husband, or serve a sentence of 14 days' im .prisonment. JA~es ATTWOOD REYNOLDS, a young nian employed on Barooga station, near Tocuinwal, was drowned in a creek near Cobram on the 1st instant. His body was Srecovered on Saturday. It'is stated that he -was heir to a large fortune. Ten oticial examination in phonography of the public school and technicarl class pupils of Newcastle and district was held yesterday afternoon and last evening, and the papers were forwarded to the Minister for Public Instruction by the night mail. OCArTAN J. C. HoArn, of the Victorian military staff, has passed first it the recent examination at the School of Musketry, at Hythb, defeating seventy-eight oficers. He also obtained extra special certifictes, and pa~ssed as an instructor in machine gunnery. l)UarcZ.tho forFight of eleven days work, vuded 6th December, the total output of rdundi 'and small coal from Wallsend mine ameunted to 27,500 tons, being a daily out put of 2500 tone. This beats previous tmcords. T'?n Rd1tdcrtson to Moss Vale mailconch capsized on Monday night, seven miles from the lattur place, over a culvert, through the horses shying. The driver was insensible for hours, and one horse was killed. There wore no passengers in the coach at the time. SIrxY-NINE applications have booeen received for the offlice of resident engineer to the Wollongoug Harbour Trust. Of these 18 are froms our own colony, 28 from Victoria, 2 from South Australia, 2 from Tasmania, 15 from New Zealand, and 9 from Queensland. Nuw?ea from lockhumpton (Q) states that a party of four fishermen, which left Emu Park eight days ago, has not yet returned. The weather having been very rough recently, it was hoped they had taken refuge on one of the many islands in the bay near Imu Park. AT a meeling of the journeymen tailors of Newcastle, held at the Reuse Hotel last night, it was resolved to withdraw all society hands from tlhe establishments of those em ployers who refused to concede to the men's demands regarding the employing of oppren. tices and the paying of weekly wages. ONE, hundred tons of sweet potatoes, the product of 10 acres of land'farmed by a Chinaman on the north branch of the John et..'n River. were (.ayo the Geraldftosn Adeocate) sold at £2 15s per too. This re prtsented the neat little cheque of £275 not a bad sum for a " Ohinkie," as the result of three monfhs' cultivation. Taiuc following particulars were omitted from the report of last month's meeting of Newcastle Benevolent Society. Out-door relief was given to 83 families, and casual relief was granted outside the asylum to the extent of 41 meals and 17 beds. Four steamer passes to Sydney were iosued, and one rail pass to Maitland. Ton Peak Hill Proprietary Company finished crushing 331 tons stone on Monday, obtaining therefrom 2G20o retorted gold, and have 563cz amalgam from the Chilian mill not yet retortoed. This return is expected to realise considerably over an ounce per ton, and, as the stone can be quarried out easily, it allows a large margin of profit. Mo. GeO. T. EDwAuns will sell by auction, at his sale-yards, this afternoon, broken and unbroken horses, vehicles, har ness, lucerne hay, &e.; 