( STABLISHED 1842.) With whlhbl nacoepe??d a ibet 'ort13n d · irror. Published every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Evening MONDAY, MARCH 0o, 1890. S.S. DAwx.-This steamer is expected at 8.30 this evening. PICKED Up.-A resident of South Portland whilst walking on the beach a few days since picked up a sealed bottle containing a printed coupon. The slip contains a vignette engraving of the "Em inent" Ally Sloper, and bears the follow ing Inscription:-"This coupon is the property of Ally Sloper's Half Holiday, and was committed to the deep by Captain Alexander Simpson (a very old friend of the Eminent's), s.s. Australasian, on Feby. 15th, 1890; No. 570; lat. 3S° 42' S.; long. 1420 26' E. The friend of man, to benefit his many nautical friends, has adopted this plan of tracing the ocean currents. The finder of this coupon is requested to communicate when and where it was found, to " The Sloperies," 99 Shoe Lane, London, E.C., or to Captain A. Simpson, 24 Leadenhall st., London, E.C., and reap a just reward." Ba.exunOLrIE Sroars.-At th3 end of last week the money ion by memnbcrs of the local battery at the Branxholme mili. tary sports was received here. Sergt. Major Algie apologises for the delay, which he says is his fault. ArPPOITrsrM T.-Mr. T. Huxley, late sergeant in tie local battery, has been appointed junior lieutenant and attached to the battery. This will leave a vacancy for the rise of several non-commissione d officers. the Engineer in charge of Ports and Harbors, has been in Portland for the last few days on business connected with the various lights of. The b,'ty the light at the end of the pier has been altered to fit with the now light oni the North Bluff, while we understand that light is all ready and will be shown for the first time this evening. The light on Ob>ervatory llill will not be seei any more. Fisn.-A few haskets of geartfish were captured in the net this morning and some sent away, while others woer, vended in the town. l31.nt:.tal G.ss.-- lhere was not a sufficient unlmber of residient: pIre.ent at Narrawong post-.flice on Saturd:ay to hohl the meeting in connection with the di· pcesal of the grant ma.de for plihting marram grass, ar-it the nmeltinmg was con sequently adjourned to a fultre vdate. The reason assigned for the meeigre at tendance is that the farmers are busy threshing. VALvABLE TnoPHiiEs.-Mr W. \Hanlon this morning brought for our inspection two valuable trophles, presented for com petition to the B~wiing Club. The trophies consist of a case containing fish carver and fork, and another case con. taiing a dozen fish kuires and forks. Both are silver and will make exceed. ingly handsome end elegant trophies. The donor of the valuable gifts was 'Mr. A. Gardner, of Laugwarrin. SaIRE GocNCiL. - The ordinary monthly meeting of the Shire Council will b9 held at Heywood to~morrow, CnrcKET.-A mutnh was played on Saturday between teams representing the Portland Cricket Club and the Hlamilton Spectator employes respectively. The locals went first to the wickets and wore disposed of for a total of 66, H. McEvor being top scorer with 18. Carmichael made 10, and Lamb totted up the same number; no other batsman got into double figures. The visitors then went in and scored 4S before the last wicket foll. This result was in great part due to one of the Hamilton" batsman who made "9 runs. The local team thus won the match by 18 runs. The game was very enjoy able, no disputes occurring to mar the harmony of the proceedings. LKASES APRnoVED.-The following ap plications for leases have been approved: -Elizabeth Adams, TSa, parish of Port land; Joseph Wright, 10Ga, parish of Portland, William Wilson. 435a, parish of Trewalla ; John Thomas, 8GGa, parish of Narrawong; William Pitts. 153a, parish of Trewalla; William Watson, 821a, parish of Kecbnbmck. Anr SALE.-The sale of art goods by Mr. J. W. Shevill on Saturday was very successful, and a Cheap Jack sale the same night also extracted a good number of coins from people, who, however, ap peared to receive good value for their money. The sale was continued to.day and there was again a large attendance and good bargains were obtained. BUSHFIEns.-The were large bushfires burning yesterday at the back of South Portland. The fire swept, we are in formed, through Mr. W. Poland's selec tion, burning a house erected thereon and some farming implements. We have not yet heard the extent of damage done to adjoining holdings. Bronsor TnonTosro .-Dr. Thornton. the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat, who returned to his diocese on Wednesday after a visit to Europe, will be presented by the members of the church with a pastoral staff or crosier, in connection with the welcome home that is to be accorded to him. The staff has been made by Mr. T. Gaunt, says the Argus. It is of Gothicdesign, and does credit to designer and manufacturer. The head and mounts are of fine silver, chased, and richly gilt, and studded with the jewels mentioned in Revelations, chap. xx., viz., jasper, sapphire, lapis- lazuli, chalcedony, emerald, sardonyx, sardius, chrysalite, beryl, topaz, chrysoprase, jacinth, and amethyst. Below the crosier head is a shield with the diocesan arms. The staff itself is of colonial blackwood, which affords a very fine contrast to the gilt metal work. A WELCOxaz SUaPRISE.-In another paragraph, when alluding to an unusual roll experienced on board the Nelson while entering the bay on Thursday night, we stated that some of the passengers' lug gage was lost overboard. Some excep tion was taken by the officers of the Nelson as to the correctness of this state ment, but in one instance in particular all doubts as to the loss of one article have been set at rest by the finding of the missing article. It seems that 'Mrs. Dolphin lost a tin box containing some articles of clothing and valuable jewel lery consisting of a gold watch, earrings, brooch, &c.;, and naturally she was very anxious about the Lox. The lose was reported to the officers of the Nelson, and as no trace of the box could be found on the steamer the unpleasant impression gained belief that it was lost overboard. This proved correct, as 3r. William Patterson while driving along the Narrawong beach on Friday observed a tin bat box on the sand, and which on being opened proved to be the missing box. Luckily the tinder was an honest man, and sent the box on by the coach the same afternoon, and we are glad to be able to state that the whole of the missing articles were found, but of course somewhat damaged by seawater. IIonTcrLTrRAL SociTrr. - Those to whom accounts are duto, in connection with the late show are requested to send in the same by Wednesday, 12th inst. Onrrv.nr.--The beacon which for so many years has ha "" ,mm weary and storm-tossed mari ...., the safe haven of Portland Bay ti mnorning died a peaceful natural death. 'There was no flickering of the expiring flame; steadily it burnt up to its final extinguishing, an event that was probably remarked by scarce one person. So are old and faithful servants neglected and nnthanked when their course of duty is run. We merely say " the king is dead, long live the king," and the forsaken beacon for tunately being devoid of the power of feeling will not experience any shock from this sudden transfer of affections. MEDICAL.-Dr. Porter announces in another column thathe will visit Portland on March 24 and six following days, and may be consulted at the G (:'Jon IHotel. Wirr Vs.., IT ?--When entering the bay on 'i'hursday nighlt those on board the steamer sNelson had an experience which for the short time it la?o..l caused some consternation. The steamer was about three miles orlt, moving along without rbawl ?a ;, tlvest : Lh. , .i.hout the slightest warning, the vessel gave a very heavy roll, causing the passengers to be upset and luggage to roll about, some cren gJin'g overboard. Some of the crew were getting thie anchor ready to let go, and thoey Iparticllarly felt the fill force of the un expected roll. One of the men said the steamer wan thrown on her beam ends, sad he thought she was going down. There was only the oto roll, and what caused it seems a real mIystery. (Govetnoa's lI:cerro.?.-A meetingof the Chillreor's Committooee was held at the Town flail ron Thursday erening, Mlr. G. lettifer being in thie chair. Thie 'ther members were Messrs. .- : ' .II. Irolphin, Grooke anti P. A con ference was held with i,. iinlivan, caterer, and certain suggestions upon tirhe subject are to be mrade to Mrs. Wrixon. A progrannmme for the children'a proceed. ings was drawn up for the consideration of the liegatta Committee. It was de cided if the weather is line that the chil. dren's treat shall take place on the bluff, but if it should prove unsuitabtle the kind offilers made by Mr. Woods and Messrs. Anderson and Co., for the unse of their stores, will he availed of. Mr. Phillius stated that he had, in nocordance with Mr. Wrixon's desire, endeavored when at battalion parade at Hamilton on Wednes. day to arrange for a visit of the Ninth Blattalion of Cadets on the 26th. Prob. ably 110 dadets will bhe present. The Committee also decided to write to tihe Secretary of the Regatta Gommittee. thanking him for sending invitations to teachers of country schools to bring their pupils to the reception; also notifying that henceforth they will be in a position to undertake all the arrangements in con nection with the children themselves. The Committee considered this step de. sirable in order to partially relieve Mr. Woods, and also to avoid the risk of any muddle arising from divided authority. The Committee have also decided to in vite the principals of all the educational establishments in the town to join the procession, &c.;, with their pupils. THE NELso. - - Daring Friday this steamer completed her business with thius port, and sailed again at the very unusual hour of. about eight o'clock on that even ing. 'Thlle cause of this strange depar ture is that owing to the facilities at Warrnambool not being so complete as they might be, and the fact that tile rail way trucks are only available at one side of the pier, Captain Chapman was anxious to get to Warrnambool andt secure a berth before the other steamer due at that port on Saturday morning arrived. As UNPLEAsASNT SITUATION. - We learn that a young fellow named Saunders, a resident of Tyrendarra, found himself in a most unpleasant situation the other day. It seems be had met with an in jury to his hand which prevented him doing any work. and when resting in an outhouse fell off to sleep. On awakening he was horrified at seeing a large snake within a foot of his face and in tile act of stiking at him. Naturally lie hastened to get clear of his snakeship, which he for tunately did and eventually killed the reptile. IMPOUNDvo.D.-Lately cattle have been straying into the railway enclosure at the pier station which was planted with trees by the Borough Council last year, and tile Town Clerk fearing the trees might be injured caused several cattle on Priday to be driven to the pound. It would be a shame to have the young trees in the re serve destroyed, and the action of the Town Clerk must be commended. still it is desirable that he should treat all cows alike in this matter. PnoPr:Tr" SALE.-1Mr. J. R. Woods was successful on Friday last in selling Mr. G. Beoll's propertyv in Percy street. consisting of half an acre of land, with comfortable dwelling house and out-buill ings to %Mr. D. Brown r.t a satisfactory figure. Mr. Bell's household effects woer also disposed off, the figures being on tIle whole in favor of the seller. PEDESTrLIsIsar.-The Albion tells us that the second deposit has been paid in connection with the 130 yards race to come off at Hamilton, this month, between Dave Dolman of Coleraine, and Fret Gough of Branxholme, Both competitors start from scratch, and as they are pods ot repute a good contest is confidently expected. Tuh BtAuziLrcrA.-This barnque has again made a successful run from New castle with piles for the boat harbor, and her arrival is not one hour too soon, as the pile-driving operations have been suspended for some time owing to there being no piles on hand. The Brazileira could be seen making for the bay at dusk last night, and as the sky was clear the outline of the vessel was discernible in the clear moonlight until she dropped anchor almost alongside the wharf about 11 o'clock. and in such a cou?.nient spot that very little trouble was experienced in warping the craft to the wharf. The work of discharging the piles commencel this morning, and probably to.-morrow the pile driving will he proceeded with at the harbor works. The captain reports that the vessel left Newcastle on the 3rd inst. at noon with light north-cast winds, passed Gabo at midnight on the 5th ; had light airs to 'ape Everard, which was passed at noon on the 6th : from thence till sighting Kent's group, at R a.m. on the ,th, had north-east winds. Signalled Wilson's Promontoty at 9 a.m. on the Sth; passed Cape Otway at -1 a.m. on the 9th, arriving at Portland wharf at mid night. The Brazileira has not been idle since her fast visir here. She has been to Dunedin with a cargo of timber: thence sailing to Kaipara, where timber was loaded and thIe return trip to Sydney made in 5h days, one of the fas+est runs on record. BR.cisc.-One of the most .uccessful artumn meetings ever held by the V.R.C. was brought to a termination on Saturday, when the various events ended as under : -All-Aired Stakes--Carbine 1, Magic Circle 2" Medallion 3. time, Imin. 421~-c. Unplaced Two-Year-Old Stakes-Proh Pador 1, Elworthy 2, The Clash 3; time, luoin. 11sec. The Place Handicap Tantallion 1, Bonnie Spec 2, Sir William 3; time, 2min. 3Ssec. St eplechase Lawler 1, Native 2, Reny 3. The Loch Plate-Carbine 1, Singapore 2, Fishwife 3\. Faroewell IIandicape- Tourbillon 1, Ernest 2, Quadrant 3. MILr.ta?v.-A general order has been issued by Manjor-Geteral I'Tulloch to the effect that "' in consequence of reproesen tations which have boon made to him, the major-general commanding hai been pleased to sanction this year an extension sf tshe time within which thoose attending camp at Langwarrin unlcct report thenl selves. Io trusts that it will be the means of largely increasing the attend ance of all ranks in camp. It must be clearly unlerstoodl that this is only in tended to meet the cases of those who could not, through blonu-ide business oc cupations, join camp ou thIe Thursday. Comtmanding Oflicers will carefully exer c:seo their discretion in granting thie ex tension above referred to, which will Lo uti to icid-day on Friday, Ith April, for metropolitan corps, and 6 a.m. on Satur day, 5th April, for counctry corps. Those who do not join on Thursday, :3rd April, will remnain, of course, until tIhe camp is broken up on WVednesday, 9th April. Tie Major-General commanding feels sure that this privilege will not be abused, and that he will have no cause to regret having departed from the usual custom. Appli cations for this privilege must be made through oommanding officers." The ex amination at the end of tIle short course of inctruction for garrison artillery militia at Queenseliff has resulted in Sergeant-Major Egan being placed sixth in order of merit of 12 non-commissienod officers who attended the class of instruo tion. In practice Sergeant-Major Egan was second highest on the list. LECTIs. .- \MV again remind our readers that Mlr. G. Pettifer will re deliver the first psrt of his " Personal Reminiscences to and through America " to-night in thIe Baptist Tabernacle. There will h no charge for admissioan, but a collection will be taken up. MILITARY SPORTs.-The nominations for the foithooming snorts are due to.day and the handicaps will appear in our next issue. We are requested to remind members of the bayonet squad that there will be practice every night this week. Sergeant-Major Egan has a squad of cadets in preparation for the concert. Great prepar.itions are being made for the entertainment. A tableau fromr Shakes peare's Henry the V. with limelight effects, is to be presented. There will be Indian Club swinging, vocal and instr-a mental mnsic. and other attractions too numerous to mention. 