A GLANCE at the quotations furnished from day to day by the Australian Mining Exchanges would lead the un- informed observer to suppose that silver mining ranked far above gold mining as a staple and payable industry. Claims almost beyond number are ranked in the buying and selling list, and the shares move up and down with that erratic and feverish mobility which is usually associated with enter- prises in which fortunes are made or lost through the developments of the hour. From time to time the public are warned that the nominal market value of the very best silver mines is clearly in excess of their intrinsic worth as gauged by their output of valuable metal, and just as frequently there are reminders that in respect of the non-dividend mines the value of shares is hypotheti- cal, and people buy and sell what is in effect but a possibility and a shadow. If we have to admit that the ordinary business on ’Change recognises not the actual value of the shares represented, but the buyers’ estimate of their sell- ing value on the day after or at any future time, there is no more to be said. People can gamble with mining stocks for counters as readily as they can stake money on the chances of cards, or dice, or race- horses. But out of it all one thing stands clear. The traffickers in scrip would find their occupation gone, or at best reduced to a sinecure, if it were not that a very large section of the ordinary public is always on the look- out for a profitable and sound invest- ment. Shares, whether in coal, or silver, or lead, are quoted at so-and-so to-day, with a very strong suggestion that they will be worth 20, or it may be 100 per cent. more to-morrow. The ordinary investor is far too apt to gauge the real worth of a mine by the price which shares fetch in the market. If scrip which is in plentiful supply to- day at ten shillings is quoted to-mor- row at fifteen, he is usually ready to suppose that the value of the mine has increased in exactly the same propor- tion. On the contrary, when shares weaken day after day, as they have done in some recent and notorious in- stances, he is equally ready to fear that the bottom has fallen out of the mine. As we have said, the bulls and bears of the mining share market would cease to thrive if the ordinary investor would take ordinary care as to the value of the security offered him. Advice and evidence are alike wasted on him who elects to pull the cap over his eyes and follow blindly where others lead, but there are, we are sure, a very large body of mining investors who plunge thought- lessly here and there for lack of a little prudent forethought. In the interest of such it may be well to take a com- parative view of a few well known and popular mines. To begin with silver, we need only allude to the array of claims and companies at or near to Broken Hill. What the nomi- nal share value of these claims is at present, we need not at- tempt to calculate. It is more to the purpose to remember that, out of the whole lot, only two are dividend-pay- ing, that is to say, the Proprietary and the Block 14 companies. If we take the current market value of the shares, and compare it with the dividends paid, what do we find ? That the Proprietary mine pays about 7½ per cent, and Block 14 pays about 8½ per cent., on the nominal capital value. It is not to be denied that either of these figures represents a wholly inadequate return for an in vestment which at best is risky to a very high degree. It‘ is perfectly fair to suppose a time when, from the lode pinching out, or growing poorer, the whole output of silver will be ab sorbed in working expenses, which are known to be extremely heavy. And we have only to suppose that no profit was available for, say, three months, to evoke the shadow of a general mining panic of a magnitude hitherto un known. These are considerations which should weigh with the ordinary investor, although they will be lightly held by those who are always trying to purchase for a rise. Now, let us turn for a moment to a few of our best-known gold mines, which have for many months past been comparatively neglected in the craze for silver shares. As tabulated by a contributor .to the Argus the per centage paid in dividends during the past six months upon the current market value of the shares has been as follows per annum:—Madame Berry, 62 per cent.; Star of the East, 25; Black Horse, 30; South Clunes United, 20; Long Tunnel Extended, 19; Bri tannia United, 16; Working Miners’, 90: Russell’s Reef, 56; and- Sir Henry Loch, 32. It is but fair to say that in most of these mines the prospects of maintaining good returns are at least as good as those in the Proprietary mine at Broken Hill or Block No. 14, yet the difference in the market rate, as compared with divi dends paid, is simply enormous. Ac cording to present share values the Broken Hill Proprietary Company’s property is worth £12,800,000, and upon this valuation it pays at present per cent. The Block Ho. 14 has a market value of £1,100,000, upon which its dividends represent interest at the rate of 8i per cent Without questioning the position of either of these mines, we may well note that other eight prominent ventures at Broken Hill, represent a capital value, at ruling market rates for the scrip, of nearly eight millions sterling, and not one of these has paid a divi dend, while it is undoubtedly possible that not one of them will ever pay one. In the meantime the withdrawal of so large'an amount from reasonable adventure in our gold mines helps greatly to maintain the present min ing depression. Enough, however, has been said to show that, whatever reckless speculators may choose to do, the bona fide investor has by far the best chance when he embarks his capital in well selected gold mines. Another batch of absconders reminds us that dishonesty, particularly that bad form of it which' we call breach of trust, is apparently endemic amongst us out here in Australia. A complete list of defaulters and absconders for the past twelve months would form a very ugly record. There is no need to enter into comparisons with a view of deciding whether Australian commu nities are, as a whole, better or worse, in this respect, than otliers. It is enough that they are earning a reputa tion in this regard which is far from desirable, and suggests uneasy misgiv ings as to how it all will end. The mere several acts 'of dishonesty-and fraud, and the losses of firms or of persons through the knavery of trusted servants, are in one sense the least significant and least deplorable part of the business. Rogues aud thieves have existed, aud preyed upon others, from the beginning of history downwards. But in these later times the work of robbery has participated in the general development and refinement. The im proved form of robber does not way lay the traveller on a lonely road and offer him the option of yielding up his money or his life, nor does he, as a rule, commit burglary, or assault and battery. His plan is to first obtain the confidence of his em ployer aud then abuse it. Cases are numerous enough wherein the' unfaith ful servant has pursued a system of embezzlement . for years undetected because unsuspected, and where the thief has held up his head in society, aud perhaps at church, with a general suggestion that lie rendered thanks for being not as other men are. To act such a part a good deal of nerve must be called for, as also some tact, but the chief pre requisite will clearly be an utter contempt for moral considerations, and an equally complete absence of honor able instincts. There is reason to'fear that the relaxation of the puritan moral code is more general than is easily realised, and that the lowered standard of what we call commercial morality directly encourages the secret embezzler and thief. When a more than usually flagrant case is transpiring there is usually a keen interest in following the windings of the criminal in trying to avoid detection, much curiosity is felt as to the amount of money recoverable; and the plans and procedure - of detectives, acquire the interest of the crisis chapter in the sensation novel. The culprit who is at last laid by the heels is looked upon as one who has played a dangerous game and lost, and if he has shown courage and address he will become an object of sympathy to thousands who think they would recoil from the idea of personal dis honor. It is the widespread indiffer ence to the moral and social aspect of a most heinous crime, which seems to indicate we are on the down grade in the matter of national morality. Not long since Mr R. M. Serjeant, manager of the Band and Albion Consols Company, was offered by a Sydney firm a Frae Vanner gold saving machine for £137. Subsequently Messrs Thompson and Cos., of Castleinaiue, offered Mr Serjeant a similar machine for £6O. The well-known mining manager naturally favoied the purchase of the ma chine at the lesser cost, but the Sydney firm, on hearing that Messrs Thompson and Cos. were about to supply a Frue Vanner to the Band aud Albiou C-msols Company, wrote protesting against the proposed coutract being carried out, on the ground that they (the Sydney firm) were the patentees. Mr Serjeant, had the objection not been raised, wus about to Eeud to America for Frue Vanuer belts, at a cost of £ll 10 J . For the present, therefore, negotiations are “ off” in regard to Messrs Thompson aud Cos. ami the Frue Vanner for the Band and Albiou C«m sels Company. The County Court was continued yester day before his Honor Judge Gaunt. The only case disposed of was that of Reid v Miller and others. This was a caße in which the proprietor of Reid’s stables proceeded against three young men named Miller, M'Kenzie, and Sara for the recovery of £lB for damage to a buggy and the death of n horse. The evidence showed that the de fendants engaged a buggy and pair to drive to Gordon, an<7 on the return trip the horses bolted, the buggy was overturned and smashed, and one of the horses was killed. The defence was that the accident was caused by a defective brake. This was fully proved by, amongst others, Constable Cuthhert, of Egerton, who wit witnessed the accident, and stated that the brake ou'one side of the buggy was inside the wheel and on the other outside. Plaiu tiff was accordingly non- suited, costs against him to be taxed. Mr Pearson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Barrett for the de- fence. A fire broke out yesterday in an out house on the premises of Mrs Clayton, Main road. Had the flames not been promptly extinguished by some neighbors, the stables at the Limerick and Clare Castle would have caught fire. The bells did not ring, but, nevertheless, several members of the Ballarat Brigade called at the house to ascertain if their services were required. A very complicated mining case was partly heard at the County Court yesterday, before his Honor Judge Gaunt, namely, that of Bainbridge v Maynard and others. This was a case in which the plaintiff claimed to have a partnership declared and accounts taken in connection with a tribute party working at the New Normanby Company’s mine.. Mr H. S. Barrett appeared for the plaintiff, Mr H. A. Nevett for defendants Maynard and Jones, and Mr J. B. Pearson for defendants Skinner and Pearce. The evidence for the plaintiff was that he was an original member of a tribute party of four, which, when gold was struck, engaged five terms men on the following conditions:— The receipts to be divided fortnightly into nine equal shares. Up to £3 per fortnight was divided equally between the four tributors and the five terms men; anything over the £3 per fortnight allotted to the terms men was to be divided equally between the terms men and the tributors. Thus, supposing the receipts for the fortnight to be £90, that sum would be divided into nine parts of £10 each. The terms men would each receive £3 per fort- night, and the tributors the full share of £10; the balance of £7 after paying the terms man would be divided equally between him and the tributor, so that the former would receive £6 10s and the latter £13 10s. About the 20th October only £1 5s per man per fortnight was divided, and Bainbridge sold two shares he held to a young man named Cochrane. When the latter claimed to be recognised as a shareholder he was in- formed that the shares iu question had been forfeited. Ouly the case for the plaintiff was heard yesterday ; that for the defendants will be entered upon this morning at 10 o’clock, till which hour the court adjourned. The butchers and bakers of Geelong held their annual excursion iu Ballarat yesterday. Over 1000 persons were conveyed to this city in two special trains, which arrived early in the forenoon. The day was beauti- fully fine—a trifle warm perhaps for most folk—and therefore nothing was wanting to make the outing enjoyable. Many of the picnickers visited Lake Wendouree and the gardens, while others proceeded to the water reserves and other suburbs. Cabs conveyed a party of old pioneers—men who worked in Ballarat in the early fifties—to the Eureka Stockade memorial and adjacent diggings. Here an hour was spent in inspecting the now historic ground, and several in the group who witnessed the encounter between the soldiers and the diggers, were loud in their explanations of “ how the thing came about.” The excursionists returned to. Geelong by trains leaving Baliar&t; West at 8.10 and 5.15. Of course all the party were not connected with the baking and butchering business, as fully one-third were persons eugaged in various other branches of trade in Geelong. The globes in front of Craig’s Royal hotel were lit last night for the first time, and must be acknowledged as fitting ornaments to the building. It is the intention of the proprietor to have four in all, three of which are now erected. The posts are of a new and novel pattern, and are to have the Royal coat of arms embossed in nickel on the four sides of each post. Each lamp is spherical in shape, in one piece, and is sur- mounted with a crown. The design is unique, and unlike anything of the kind in the city. Last night the new lamps were greatly admired by persons passing along the street, and numerous complimentary re- marks were made with reference to the spirited enterprise of Mr Bentley, the pro- prietor of Craig’s hotel. As previously re- ported the improvements now being carried out at the hotel will entail an outlay of about.£10,000. The old wooden erection on the northern side of the main building is rapidly making way for the new and more substantial structure. It is expected, as a full staff of workmen are employed, that new Craig’s hotel will be ready for patrons about next October. Owing to pressure of passenger traffic cousequeut on the Geelong excursion, the barriers were called into requisition at the Western railway station last evening from half past 6 o’clock uutilS o’clock. The rail way authorities inform us that the excursion which arrived yesterday from Geelong was the largest picnic party that ever visited Ballarat. A report of the presentation to the Rev. George Sutton, of Christ Church Pro C ithe dral, appears iu The Star to-day. Tiie Hou. D. S. Wallace, M.L C., is re covering from the illness caused by bis re cent accident. The Water Commission have intimated to licensed victuallers that in consequence of the continued dry weather the supply of water for syphon purposes has been restricted to one hour daily, under penalty. Iu cases, however, where there is danger of flooding, a two hours’ suppiy will be allowed. Two cases of typhoid fever and one of diphtheria have been reported to the City Council this week, Mr Hardy applied to his Honor Judge Gaunt in the Court of Aliues yesterday for an order to wind up the Queen’s Jubilee Company, Black Hill. There was no appear ance in opposition. Tiie application was granted, and Thursday, tiie,27th inst., was selected for a general meeting of cieditors, which will be held at the Supreme Court buildings. An order for winding up will he served on the manager of the company, Mr E H. L. Swifte. The costs of the proceed ings will come out of the estate. In a case brought at the Couuty Court yesterday by a miner named Bainbridge to obtain an order for a declaration of partnership iu a tribute in the New Nor mauby Company, aud for the taking of ac counts, Baiubridge said be did not expect to obtain anything from the action. The witness explained that be biouglit it to secure the shares he formerly held for a young inau named Cochrane, to whom he had sold them. Air Nevett asked whether the plaintiff intended to pay the costs if un successful. Wituess said he did not kuoiv. Mr Nevett asked whether wituess bad not paid anything up to the present, and was answered iu the negative, and that no money had been usked for. Air Nevett said he did uot like to bear such a slander oil his friend Mr Barrett (wiio appeared for the piaiutiff.) Air Barrett—“lt’s a fact never theless." Air Nevett—“ Then who’s going to pay the costs ?” Witness: —“I don’t know.” Uis Honor Judge Gaunt said it was evidently a matter of supreme indifference to the witness. Air Pearsou, who appeared for two of the defendants, subsequently elicited from the witness a statement that he bad not a peuny to pay the costs with if he lost the case, aud did uot know whether Cochrane inteuded to pay or uot. Air Pear son—“ You appear to have a particularly happy-go-lucky style about you, Mr Baiu bridge. Have you ever been among the lawyers before?" Witness—“ No! and I hope I never may be again.” His Honor at this juncture slily interjected, “ I don’t think you have any need to complain, Air Baiubridge,” and the topic was dropped. A marriage that has excited a considerable amount of interest iu the city was celebrated yesterday. The bridegroom is Air Longstaff, who recently sold his business us a chemist aud druggist to Air Reid and retired oil a competency, and the bride Alias Helliwell, sister-in-law "of Air Hutton, the well-known jeweller, of Sturt street. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. E. W. Nye, at Air Hutton’s residence. Tiie bride, who was tastefully dressed in a peacock blue costume, was attended by her two nieces (the Alisses Jones, daughters of Mr Owen Jones, of the City Foundry) as bridesmaids..- These young ladies were prettily dressed in cream nun’s veiling, aud avoie handsome brooches, the gifts of the bridegroom. Subsequently a number of gueits partook of the wedding breakfast at Air Hutton’s residence, where a very large number of elegant and costly gifts to the bride from Alelbourne and Ballarat friends were displayed. The newly married couple left by train during the day for Qneenseliff, where they will stay for a few days. A social evening was held by the members and communicants of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church last evening in the school room, Dana street. A tea, provided by Airs M’Kenzie, was partaken of by a large num ber of persons. A public meeting was held after the tea iu the schoolroom. The Rev. E. W. Nye occupied the chair, Mr E. Nicholas presided at the orgau. Addresses were given by the chairman aud Aleasrs A. Hunter and W. Coltmnn. Several visitors from South Australia were present, and re ceived a cordial welcome. Workmen are now eugaged iu laying down new “ roads ” on the western side of the city railway station. The work is being car ried ou under the supervision of Messrs Stephens and Philpot, officers iu the Railway Drpaitment. Mr D. Jewell, the well-known local bicyclist, has just covered a deposit of £lO lodged with the Sportsman by L. B. Scharp, of Alelbourne, for a mutch of £2O a side. The race, which is to be one mile, will come off at the Eastern Oval, on the 29th March. The Waterloo Miuers’ Association cele brated tbeir seveuth anniversary by a sports meeting, concert and ball, and banquet yes terday. A report of tiie sports will be found iu auother column. An extraordinary meeting of members of the Mechanics’ Institute will be held on Monday eveuing next, at 8 o’clock, in refer ence to the question of electric lighting. The Ballarat Agricultural Implement and Machine Makers’ Society held its usual fortuightly meeting at the Trades’ Hall last night. A large amount of business of in terest to the trade was brought forward and warmly discussed by tiie members present, and four new members were elected. The criminal sessions of the Supreme Court at Ballarat will be held to-morrow, when his Honor Mr Justice Hodges will preside. There are only three cases down for hearing, namely—John Ryan, putting lighted crackers in a letter pillar; William Ashton, unnatural offence; and Joel Tomp kins, indecent assault. There will be no busi ness in the civil sessions of the court. The annual races of the Smeaton Turf Club will be held to-day, the first event starting at 1 o’clock. There are uo fewer than eight events on the programme. As an enjoyable day’s sport is pi utilised, there should be a very large attendance oil the course. A number of the best horses in the district will compete, and the meeting will be conducted strictly in accordance with the V.R.C. rules. A special excursion train from Adelaide, arranged for by Messrs Cook and Son, passed through Ballarat early yesterday morning. A man named Daniel Connelly, a wood carter, living in Ascot street, was brought to the Hospital yesterday in a semi- conscious state by Constable Campbell, of Napoleons. It appears that Connelly fell from a load of wood, ami it is feared his skull is fractured. He was last night iu a very precarious state. A young girl named Jessie Beach, whose parents live iu Ascot street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for three punctured wounds in the cheek, the result of a bite from a dog. A quiet wedding was solemnised by the Ven. Archdeacon Julius, at Christ Church Pro Cathedral on Wednesday afternoon. The bridegroom was Mr James J. Watson, youngest son of the late Mr J. B. Watson, the well-known Sandhurst millionaire, and the bride Miss Isabel Ada Knight, third daughter of Mr G. W. Knight, J.P., Sand hurst. The bride, who was elegantly at tired, was attended by her sister, Miss Lily Knight, Mr J. Gilbert acting as .best man. The bride received numerous costly presents, and many telegrams of congratulations. The happy pair left by the evening train en route for Tasmania. The police are enquiring concerning the whereabouts of au individual who ou the Ist inst. purchased a buggy, saddle, and bridle from Air Hamilton, of the Farmers’Arms hotel. The cost of the articles was £3O, for which the purchaser paid with a cheque for £37, receiving £7 in exchange. The cheque has since proved valueless. We are in formed that the police have a number of similar charges against the-alleged offender in this instance. At the County Court yesterday one of the witnesses, in referring to a conversation with two persons, said they botli gave the same reply. His Honor Judge Gaunt was not altogether satisfied, aud remarked that surely both men did not speak with the same mouth, nor would they eat with the same mouth. One man would not eat the dinner for both. Mr Barrett interjected—“l dare say he would if he got the chance, your Honor.” The witness only smiled. Complaint was made yesterday relative to the disorderly behavior of a number of young men who caine to Ballarat with the Geelong butchers’ and bakers’ picnic. A man named Joseph'Moss, was brought before the City Police Court yesterday and charged with assault. He was remanded to appear at Allendale on the 26th inst. An in.-briats having been dealt with the curt adjourned. Alessrs Hickman, Gibbings, and Anderson were the presiding magistrates. A party of excursionists, composed for the most part of members of the Cre3iyick Dis trict Aledicai Union, passed through Ballarat yesterday en route to Qneenseliff. The pic nickers left Ballarat last night on the return journey to Creswick, at 20 minutes past 11 o’clock. Mr Fields, of Bdlarat, the well known mining expert, paid a brief visit to Colne ou Monday for the purpose of inspecting s- nie 1 nds in tiie forest that are reported to be auriferous. This gentleman (says the Herald) in conjunction with some others, already holds a gold mining lease for a block of land situate in the parish of Yougber, and so favorably is he impressed with the indica tions of minerals he lias seen iu that locality that he intends to apply for a lease of 610 aeres for mineral prospecting purposes. Tiie land applied for by Air Fields adjoins that applied for by local syndicates, aud is within easy distance of Colac. Mr R. T, Elliott, M.A., the newly ap pointed clas.-ical lecturer at Trinity College, was among the passengers who arrived by the Liguria. At an adjourned meeting of the Alelbourne Districe Head Teachers’ Association it has been unanimously resolved that the associa tion join the Teachers’ Union.. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Field Club and Science Society was held at the School of Alines on Wednesday evening, when Prof. Mica Smith delivered a most in teresting lecture on the White Ant, as com pared by Prof. Drummond to the earth worm. The professor dwelt at length on the habits, modes of living, &e.; of the ants, and illustrated bis remarks by several well executed engravings. A discussion took place after the meeting, iu which Mr W. 11. Wooster and others took part. An effort (says the Herald ) is to be made to form a Grooms and Coachmen's Union in .Melbourne. For this purpose a meeting is to be held in the- Trades’ Hall on Wednes day night, the 26th inst. The reasons for endeavoring to form this Union ns set out in ,a circular are—Firstly, that we consider six days’ work should be a week’s work in our craft ns well as any other, aud that any.work done on Sunday should be paid for as overtime. Second I}', that we consider 12 hours’ labor, inclusive of meal times (from 6 o’clock in the morning to 6 in the evening) a fair and equitable day’s work, and that any Work done after 6 o’clock iu the evening should he paid for ns overtime. Thirdly, that we consider grooms and coach men in many cases are uot adequately paid. That being so, we deem it our duty to use our best endeavors to get a fair week’s wage for a fair week s work. A project is on foot (says the Aye) for the starting of anew stock exchange on lines somewhat similar to those of the Alelbourne Stock Exchange, excepting that they will be more liberal. This is consieered necessary owing to an expressed desire ou the part of the investing public and the present pro hibitive fee, £2500, asked by the Stock Exchange of Alelbom ne for a seat. Holders of seats in this exchange will have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of them, and it is proposed to admit the pi ess to the meetings, making it somewhat of an open s-tle exchange in this respect. The name of the exchange is to be fixed by the members when a sufficient number have been en rolled. Dr Pearson, the Alinister of Education, laid the foundation stoue of a ijew building for-the Gippsland School of Mines, Art, and Technology, at Sale, on Tuesday. It will be a handsome, commodious building, and will cost £4OOO. I’nero were present the Hon. G. Davis, AI.L.C., Air A. Harris, M.L.A'., and other visitors. Dr Pearson was most eulogistic on the progress of the town. Lirge numbers of fish in the Sunday Creek, which flows tlnough the township of Broad ford (-ays the Kyneton Observer) have been sickened by the flow of burnt grass and ashes which were washed into the creek by a storm which broke over the area burnt by the late bushfires about four miles above the township. Hundreds of fish could be seeu swimming down the stream ou top of the water, endeavoring to escape from the black iuky-looking fluid. All sorts of weapons were brought into requisition to catch them with, tucli as garden lakes, pitchforks, buckets, waddies. Several large cod, 101 b and lolb iu weight were shot with guns, and 61b and 71b fish were quite nume rous. Some splendid bream 21b in weight were raked out of the water. Crayfish in large numbers crawled up the banks and ou logs. The unfortunate woman, Airs Caution, who was severely burned in the fire which occurred ou Sunday night, at Broken Hill, and which proved fatal to her two little girls and their cousin, has died from her in juries. Thus Air Caution lias lost bis whole family besides all the property belonging to him. The Salvation Army counts so many ad herents in Australia (writes the Loudon coriespoudent of the Age) that considerable concern will have been excited by the con tinued illness of Airs Booth, who is suffering from cancer, with no hope of permanent alleviation and the certainty of the malady resulting in death after a more or less pro longed period of agony. According to the War Cry the rally* iu Mrs Booth’s condition continues. So far as a judgment can be formed it is thought there is not any im mediate danger, but at this stage of this disease everything is always considered to be very uncertain. The m-*st distressing aspect of the case is the steady increase of pain and its unceasing character. From the beginning the patient lias been strongly op posed to opiates, only using tiiemas a neces sity, desiring to live and die, as far as pos sible, in the full possession of her mental Dowers. Moreover, the use of this class of alleviation has broug'ot with it sickness, which has b-en alino-t worse than the pain they are used to alleviate. Mr A J. Peacock, M.L.A., waited upon Mr Speight last week (says the Climes Guardian ) with regard to iiis request for an extra train to leave Ballarat at about S p.m., and pointed out that if arraugements were_ made to run a conns train with a couple of passenger carriages attached, it would be but little extra c ist to the department, and at the same time give the proposal a trial. Mr Speight, in reply, stated that the pre vious representation made to him by Mr Peacock had been receiving his considera tion, and that the qu stiou would be decided when the uew tune-tabls is issued next month. The “ Enterprise” the first of the boudoir cars built at the Kewport workshops to the design of Mr Alison Smith, for use on the Portland lin>, was lighted by electricity for the first time on Tuesday uiglit. The carri age coutains seven compartments, each of which is intended to accommodate four per sons, and one compartment for two per sons, aud in each there is a 10 candle power incandescent light, two or three extra ones being placed iu the passage or corridor, which runs the whole length of the ear. The electricity (says the Aye) is generated by an ordinary dynamo, which in this case will be located at Ballarat station, ami is conveyed to secondary batteries or accumu lators which when in use will be placed underneath the body of the car, ami there is a sufficient current stored in the accumu lators to keep the whnie of the lights burn iiig'Ti'r about eight hours. So far as this experiment was concerned it was perfectly successful; the light obtained was c.ear and steady and far superior to that given by the ordinary oil lamp. Mr K. L. Murray, electrician to the Railway Department, arranged the plan for the lighting before his departure for England a few weeks ago, aud it is understood that if the experiment is a success tiie electric lighting of the carriages by this system oil at least the suburban lines will be carried out. A plant for charging the batteries has been procured and will be | erected in Spencer street station yards, from which "the accumulators will be charged iu | the daytime. It is Imped tiie system may he in more general use within the next 12 months, as Mr Murray while iu E iglau(l .will make enquiiies with a view of ascertain ing the best means of carrying it out, ami it is hoped iie will be able to gather a large amount of vuluable iufoimatiou thereon. Greater progress is now being made by the contractors for the construction of the railway trucks, contracts for which were let more than 12 months ago. B-tween 700 or SOO of the 2000 contracted for have been delivered, nearly half of them having come to hand during the past three or four months. Iu addition to this contracts have been let to various firms for the cousti notion of 750 more at sell-iiu ! e rates, so that .there are now some at 2000 in baud for the depart ment. The postal conference is to be held in Sydney next week. Mr Charles T"dd, Postmaster-General of South Australia, will represent that colony, and Mr Janies Smibert, Deputy Postmaster.Geueral of Vic toria, will be representative of this colony. Mr Labouchere, writing in Tndh, says:— “I am glad to see some signs of improve ment iu the Times. It now adds to the con tents with which it heads its leading articles the number of the page where each item will be found. I should fancy that this is due to Mr .Arthur Walter—a practical man of busi ness—having -replaced the late. Mr Mac donald. Had this change been made sooner, I greatly doubt whether the ‘ Forg-ry Letters’ would ever have appeared iu the Times. That pernicious folly has alr- ady, I understand, cost tiie 'Times above £200,000. Its-expend, ture on witnesses during che Par nell Commission was as reckless ami absurd as was the publication of the letters.” The S.A. Register says that South Aus tralia has been thoroughly “ got at ” in the matter of the departure of the English mails. The arrangement by which during the past year or two tiie P. ami O. and Orient boats left Adelaide on Mondays was on the whole satisfactory to the people of this colony. When the Victorian Govern ment began the agitation for an alteration of the day of departure South Australia, al though she hail little, if anything, to gain for herself, joined heartily in the movement. It was naturally supposed that when the day of departure was changed the hour Would remain the same. If there had been any thought tliut this would be altered South Australia would have taken care to protect herself. This she dirl not do, and there seems to be every prospect that the mails will be closed at an inconveniently early hour. The authorities of New Smith Wales are willing to nllow-the hour to be extented to 2.30 p.m. This arrangement cannot be regarded as satisfactory, but it appears we are not to get the help of Vic toria in securing even this paltry concession, as 2 o’clock is tile latest hour to which the i Victorian, postal authorities will c-nsent. In this matter the conduct of the adjoining Colony is consistent with its past treatment of its neighbors. It can only be regarded [ as being selfish and anti-federal, and we trust the Government will be firm in assert ing the claim of South Australia to reason able consideration in the new arrangement. The Duke of Montrose and Lord Houghton (says-the Lape Aryus of lotli June) have | been making a short stay in Johannesburg, | and were afterwards to visit the President at Pretoria. They were bound to Zai-ssihar on a shooting expedition. At a meeting of the burgesses of King William's Town it was resolved to vnte £5OO nut of the public funds lor the receptiou of his Excellency the Governor ami Lady Loch. In the Johannes burg Ciicuit Court, ou Sell January, ex- Judge Brand ami Judge De Korte hail a lively passage of arms. Mr Brand, who was retained as advocate in a case under trial, wanted to make complaints agaiust the assis tant Landilrost and the State Attorney. The judge refused to hear him. Mr Brand then became excited and was removed from the court by a policeman. Returning without ; his gotvu he was again removed. The fol lowing day lie was pardoned and allowed to resume practice. The editor of the local Daily Aeies, whose paper contained remarks which were thought to reflect on the judge and others concerned iu the scene, was ejected from the court in consequeuce. 