TELE E I-, -A. M S. .. . -- --- SYDNEY, Monday, 10.30 a.m. Tu? twentieth essrion of parliament just closed cormeatnced on thel 2i1th April la?t, and hits therefore Insted neatly eightl ronthi. There have betn 112 6il ting dayl in the As sembly, extending over 90ool hoIue. A. lrgo bush-fire lhsi beenr raging for lome days in ihe Nevertiie diblricl. 'h'e fire it twenty milte wide, and is sprciding. Alteady three tihoutand shteep lhave ibeer- burnt to deat h. The widow of the late llon. Joltn Suthicr land died yesterday. Johnetone, the nuthor of the anilllrat tra gedy, has been remonved from BallMirt hos pital to the looal jail. A lunatic who gave the inmceof John Col lander paid a visit. to Governmenrt Houee, Melbourne, and Nwas disicovetred citling in an easy chair in one of the iate rooms. A strike amongst the hlinde employed by the millers in New Zealand is immninent. Colonel.Herricie, commander of the forces in pursuit of Te Kooli, New Zealand, war killed at Operae Waterfall on Saturday, through fulling over a cliff. S6.32 p.m. It has been definitely dncided by the gov. ernment not to appoint a royal commineion to Inquire into tilo charges of corruption in oonaection wilth the Broln Hill Water supply Bill. Biinco the ndmninions of Mr.Crick in the Assembly, it iB thought (lie charge?a re too trumpery for isch anr inquity. A now ruso to rob the banilr In ti er sliurbs has been brought to light. In one ccar a falso telegrnm was sent to tle umnnageor requitliogi his immediato attoendance in Bydnoy, whichl he obeyed, going out of tlhe offico by a side. door, thus avoiding the view of tihe wouldhbe robbers, who wore watchiag for hbi depnttuta. Another case occurred at thoe Pyront branch of the E., 8., and A. 0. Bankl;, Two men, who Otated that they were detteclivn, told the manageor to be on tihe alert for a con. tomplatod robbery. They returned the fol. lowing doy, and anid tho robbery Ras to be offected lhortly; that they, being police iL plain olothinrg, would bt onil the alert irud follow the men into the bankl; and no the would.bo robbers belongod to a well-known gang who would dlioot tile ananger, they suggeostd thnt ho ohould got beraind the strong.room door to avoid tho consequonceB. The manager did not do this; and antur waiting, the ncu said they sueiposid tire rob. bore had gone off, and they left. Later on in the same day it wan found tile men wore not doetcliven, and tihat £100 in Union Batil notes lad been abstracted. While sonme plumbers were rapairing a boardiug-housn and rostautrant in P'itt-.treot last wook, they discovored in a;portion of the wooden lining of tlle ceiling a parcel of epu rioue coins and a countorfliters' plant. On further teanrol they found a bag ountaining a human skulll, which they roplanted; but whlilo alesout to Inform the polico the skull had di appeared. Thu police are nowtinvoetlgating the matter. Two nccidento of ia rimilar naturo oocurred to.day on tho railway nonr Btrathflold. Tle first caso was that of R. Coyel, labourer, who was lnoolied down by a pneeing train and severely bruised and cut. Tho obhercao was that of it mnn, name unknown, who was knocked down by a train nonar ilio sceone of the first accident; lhe was miuoh iujured about tie head and eleowhern, anind wan tliaon to the honpital unconscious. Over £i8000 in oasli wais talmil last Satur day at Anthony Hordarn and Sonn' establleh mont in tie lBaymarkeit. Tliointercolonial oricket matlct, New South Waleo w,. Sontl Australin, was :ronsumed '.o. day at Adelaide. The weathor bi'ng showery, the wikeots wcre Eorioeuly nfllootd. The first innings of Now South Waar leonad for 108. B OMBUSUII, Monday, 3.80 p.m. MseAns., Pitt, Seo, and IlBadgiry report: 16,000 sluop penned tolday, soetly owes and lambsl good owethors weoro fully a shilling dearer. We sold 6000, ino!loding Capp'n shorn wethlers, topuDl 11/8, time hlauco 0/2; Coopor's woolly oweso, 11/0 toel/5; Leonard's woolly wethers, 11/0, &o.; 1410 cattle yarded; good attondano of lbuyers; market opened firm at late rates, Wo sold430, incllonding Bowman'o, White and Cobb'n Dondon, Winso man's, Daugant's Moolsis, Sly's Sltoelkwells, Fitzgerald's Warrahs, Smitlh's, Olilft's, &o.; 4j30 p.m. Mo?ere., Joophl Loeeds nod Co. report: 1400 cattle yarded to-daly, and hoing the only salo this wook tlohereo was a goad attendance ot buyers and a better demaarsd for host qoualitieo; otliur dsoriptlons unaltered, We .sold White Brotlhers' Edinlglesio bolloolis, £6 1/; alOo Browno Brotbohers' Mtrsondien bullooks. 16,000 lsheap penlned; salen very brisk1 and market considerably firmor, espeoislly for obest qualitiwe, Lamnts in heavy oosupply, and market lower nloens for prime lots. We sold Dulhlonty'o I Killoola shoro wetheroe at 11/1; Wobb's phorn owes at 8/3; lambn 7/06 Robinson'h lambs, and others, 6 p.m. Meosrs. Hill, Clark, and Co. report: 14410 eaonttl yarded; market uoened to a greart attendance of Ibyers; prioes hlowever for middling dcoriptilons did not hold, nol wvora n shade lower; primo qpolity sold readily. We sold 410, ilolhdiog Tiorney'n bullocks from lBusdelln, averaging £6 '7/2; Williams' bnllooko from Tyrcol, averaglng £6 4/6; Bukoland's from Tronbobbio, at £5 11/5., 10,000 oahep pnnnod; prims qu1ality snarao uind in demand, selling fully a ohilling dearer; middling dresriptions firmer. We sold 80000, Inucluding Molntyro's tops from Knyngo. at 12/, sconds at 11/1; several other drafts at full ratoes; LONDON, Saturday. Ton Government hIaVO despatchedIII a largo body of troops and police to KItlkenny, in "iew of anticipated dieturbanhocs at the np. pronaching eleolion. Mrs. O'Shen is in Paris,' It is rumoured that the ouoens's proctor will intervene with reference to the recent divorce sailt, Sunday. The Now York Hornail has publisheld an ontline of a mesonao whinh it latos hasln already born prepared by 'Prnidont Inatrison for Isuo in reference to thie Doilhriug Sea fialeory difloelty. It atnles that ans it has boeen fnoud imposoible to.nrriveo at a' satlisletory nettloenoot of thl diopute by moans of sblltra tion, it is the intontion of the United States governlmeit during thle coinlnlg onanon to ro* numo sie.urn of all seanling ve?sels caught in fringiug thle righlts of the United Staten in thosen waters. It is understood that a lBritilsh squadron will be dinpalolsed to Ilohring Sios to proveoot the selasrie of British eenlorn. Thie annlosleomeo t lns caoused,great alart,s and it In feoared that a rnpturo elween Eng-io land and the United Hlates will bo oannotid therelby. 