Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; Our weather reports of this week are more important than usual, from the fact the record falls of rain, which in some instances were abnormally heavy. Such a rainfall at the end of February would not be a matter for surprise, but it seldom happens that January is favoured with much moisture. The western country out past Bourke, Walgetr, Wilcannia, and other pastoral centres has been for the greater part well saturated by these rains, which varied in quantity from 2in, to Sin. The south along the Murray and the Southern coast received but light showers. The Northern coast and the tablelands above report a fair share. The metro polis has had a csuple of days' light rain. On Tuesday 62 weather stations reported rain. Windsor, Penritb, and Camden, with many parts of the County Cumber land, have been much benefited by the moisture. Speaking generally, the fall occurred at the right time and _hae unproved the prospects of the colony materially. A good lambing and plenty of grass and water for the winter are now confidently expected. BINGERA, January 13. Tho dry weather here has at hut broken up. The rain started to come down on Saturday evening, fl'd *»?? continued steadily ever since, and up to the present 3in. and 45 points have fallen, with every appearance of a continuation. It has just crowned the place. Already bushfires have started ; one large one on the road to Tainworth burnt a large tract of country, bat this rain will put them back for awhile. The farmers have got a good lot of corn in, which ought now to go ahead. No thrashing machine has arrived as yet. Some very good wheat has come in, but is mostly pinched. Stock passing: January 11, 100 caws and 70 bullocks, prime, from Yetman to Singleton, Dight owner, W. Bentley in charge. IjENILIQUIN, Jan. 11. During the past fortnight the weather has been ex tremely hot, and the thermometer has registered as high asll3deg. in the shade. Bushfires are prevalent, and although they have done a large amount of damage, it is really remarkable, ia view of the immense quantity of dry grass about, how well the district has escaped from more serious losses. Last week a fire broke out on the selection of Mr. Treloar, about 10 miles from here, and rapidly spread through several «f the adjoining selections and onto North Deniliquin run. Fortunately it was extinguished without doine more damage than the burning of a few thousand acres of grass and some fencing. The stock movements arc very limited, and local stock business is.iu a stagnant condition. The principal stock movement during the fortnight was the passing of 900 head of cattle from the Hinders .district of Queensland to Mr. L. M'Bean's Woorooma station, near Moulamein. About half of them are fat, and the balance will only require topping up for a month. The river at Deniliquin is only about 2ft. over summer level, and is still falling slowly. FORBES, January 11. On Sunday last we experienced the hottest day we have had this summer, the thermometer reaching1 as high as 108' and 110% and being 104* in some of the cooleet houses in the town. Since then, however, it has been somewhat cooler, and yesterday a decided change took place. The wind turned to the north, and at pre sent there is every indication of an approaching down pour of rain. There ib still plenty of grass and water, though the grass has rather a parched appearance, and is very susceptible to fire. Several bush fires have occurred and in some instances have done an immense amount of damage, and at present nothing could be more opportune than a good steady fall of rain. The ituujtHa iiuve iieany an uuleucu Luicsuuxg uun uuu me busy chaff-cutting. Chaff is selling by the t«n from £3 10s. upwards. Business generally is rather dull, but in the stock market things seem to be unusually brifk, and lots of stock are changing hands iu all directions, besides which a large number of fat sheep are going to the metropolitan markets. Messrs. W. K. Garnsey and Company, of Forbes, report having sold during 1S89, 423,760 sheep, and 1979 cattle ; while Messrs. Strickland Brothers have put through 256,574 sheep and 5471 cattle. These are very large sales, and the former will compare favourably with the sales made by any firm in the colony. HAY, January 11. We have had some extremely hot weather since the beginning of the year, in fact almost too hot to do any thing. The hottest day registered in the shade was 112- and fully 130' in the sun. The country is looking very dry, the grass having become white with the in tense heat. There is still plenty of water in the tanks, and stock find plenty of good dry grass to eat. The crops this season have beeu exceptionally good, and as the weather has been most favourable for harvest work, they have been safely honsed. MOAMA and ECHUCA, January 11. On Sunday .the highest reading of -the glass during the summer was registered, 108' in the shade, and some readings went as high as 110*. There was a little rain on Thursday night, but it is now fine und cool. NARRABRI, January 13. Steady rain, after several days' threatening, set in on Saturday night, removing apprehensions of bush fires, which had, indeed, made an appearance in some places. The grass is so plentiful that after a few wteks of sunny weather there is great danger of it becoming ignited. All the district is much understocked ; in the present season it would take more than a sheep to the acre to keep down the grass within safe limits. The matter of trucking stock at night has raised a controversy. When Superintendent Day was here, a week or two ago, it appears to have been represented to him that it was undesirable to truck sheep in the day time during hot weather, whereupon he arranged to start sto-k trains at 7 a.m. Ihis is now objected to by some stockowners, on the grot.nd that it is impossible to truck stock at night, not being able to see them. Mr. Day appears to have offered to start a train either at 7 a.m. or at 7 p.m., no choice of starting time being per mitted between those hours. The stock trains used, to start from Rarrabri shout 10 a.m., and reached M ait- land next morning. That hour appeared to suit all; at least, no complaints were made. A more suitable place for a refrigerating meat deput than Narrabri exists noichere in the colony— even before the construction of the railway. Being a recog nised stock centre and having an abundant supply of good water in all seasons at hand, and commanding the markets of the metropolis as well as the Northern dis tricts, the newly-formed meat refrigerating company have decided wisely in making a start with their opera tions at Narrabri. LISMORE, January 11. While other parts of the district are calling out for rain, this portion and all to the north aud east have had showers. On Tuesday morning there must have been over an inch. As a consequence, every place is as bright and green as could be desired. Those who have had clearings and expected to get a fire will be too late for any maize- planting; but, as a good many only desire to sow grass seed, they will be satisfied if they only get the timber dry enough te have a good fire. THARGOMINDAR (Q.), Monday: Very heavy rains have fallen about this district since last report. Cooper'6 Creek is said to be 10 miles across. The Bulloo is a banker, and is expected to rise rapily. Rainfall at Thargomindah, 470 paints. Hungerford reports heavy rain, exact amount not yet known. Jundali reports 4iu., rain general ; Windorah 170 points. Weather is still cloudy. Adavale, 580 points. Eulo also reports heavy rains. Stock Move ments : Hungerford reports 3 130 fat sheep fromBransby station for Bourke, J., G., and A. Broad; 337 fat bullocks ' from Tenapage station for B ithurst, Gilmour and Kepr. Adavale reports 196 fat bullocks from Highlands to Wodongfl, G. W. Davios. About £200 wotth ot damage was done to Norley station store on Friday by mice nibbling matches, and consequently setting them on fire. Adavale and Windorah mails-are likely to be detained by floods for some time, but the Sydney and Brisbane mails should run up to time. A very severe flood in the Bulloo is anticipated. WIMDSOR, January 14. A very agreeable change in the weather has been ex perienced since I last wrote. On Saturday niiiht slight showers fell and continued to do so with but little break all day on Sunday and Monday. Such rain was badly wanted here, and it could not have come at a more opportune time. The maize crops are well advanced, and had the hot weather we have been experiencing of late continued much of the early crops would have been destroyed, as they were la*t year. 