LATEST INTELLIGENCE, B'SBFr'iday| morning,' ;f'e'b. 7. .':' 'WIe. recently 'briefly noticed 'in com mendatory ; tor ins. the neV regulatioris issued from the, Surveyor-Generars j office,' for the guidance of surveyors in i Tasmania, and further examination con ! firms the opinion 'thot they are a decided I step in .the richt ' direction. They are ibeing issued in book form, with index ;to facilitate' reference and a series ;p£ juseful tables, and plans. It is useless to attempt ' to build np a- system-.. 'until a substantial base has been laid down, land in miiiiy 'respects'. (hese.' new regtila ? tions — which apply to surveyors under ithe Seal - Properly Act as'well as. to district surveyors,, though to a minor 'degree— are bildulated' to^ rfimedy; exist-, ^ing defects, and gradually' improye^tae: istandard of --'our survey- system. , -Those previously'' in bjierati on werevof depart-' jmental: authority ' only,, but the 'new regulations' are 'published 'by authority pf the- Qovernor-in-Oouncil- under the JPasieXttfids 'Act of 1;886, '50' YfaJSo. 11\. The: list of subjects in \7hich can didates for a suiveyor's licence will be examined is. now similar to. that in use ?in other colonies,. and two subjects at least— mineralogy and geodesy — appear to be' new in Tasmania. According to the testimony of the late Deputy Sur yeyor-General our system of examining .and licensing surveyors 'was a^ew years ago looked upon with contempt in the other colonies^ and the raising of our standard in this respect is an essential foundation for any efforts. to' build up the reputation of ourSurvey Department. JWe. may, presume that our surveyors' certificate^ . £ire''npt. a. present regarded ^rith mucb.-;favour'-iti other colonies, for prominent, amongst the new : regulations is a: provision that ' tf any other cdlony shall reciprocate with Tasmania in, this respect,' a pass certificate and satiBfac factory credentials ?will be aecepted as equivalent to passing examination in Tasmania. ?? , We. are also glad, to notice' that a matter we hare urged for years— 7 the preparation- of annual reports by district 'surveyors— is dealt with in the regvilations. \It is true 'that' reports have been furnished with tolerable regularity for yearsj 'but for want of uniformity ,they ? ' have been of little service, for purposes' .. of .comparison! One. surveyor -would .give: statistics of the extent of agricultural- or mineral selections diiring'the year, while, another would only deal with . these ~ vaguely. One would present some idea of the' area ' of good land ! available and its location, or' the progress of settlement and mining operations within his dis trict, 'while another report would, be couched in a few terse sentences, and other surveyors again ./would indulge in essays on particular points which -were sometimes a little' out of place. Some , useful suggestions werj at times' thiown put, bub these rarely ' seemed to bear practical fruit. In. extenuation, how eyer, it may be pointed out that it is beyond question the district surveyors have in many instances been inade quately remunerated, that representa tions on this point were useless, and that under a system in which there was .no -proper check or supervision, and 'where favouritism was not unknown, ifc'.was'toq^mucb to expect that average liuman nature f-wcrald'. do conscientious 'work and starve when by judicious ' fudging.' a; living' could be obtained andrio' complaints' made. 'It \vas this rotten condition of affairs that led to a growing prejudice against : permanent survey marks, ' and a' .preferohce for Wooden -pegs,- notched logsj and blazed' trees , as , the 'only, records on, the ground, smce; time anj^ bush'fires wbuld'gradually .obliterate- the^m,, ;and''bissidej9''i-hjding.:;eyi-' derice.' of 'careless w]orK 'Uais syste'm^pror' ividjaj;;:fu^rj^^plojme'n^. ^t^soDae; future date for surTeyors^-and, possibfy, for lawyers. It is to underpaid rather than dishpnesfi surveyors ' that ; the '.'struggling settlers ' and the travelling public, owe the. disgracefully, laid out roads, of which ' the Parliamentary party saw many striking examples' on their recent lour along the North-Wes Coast, and bn which many thousands of pounds arei now being tspent to im prove the gradient's or effect deviations. Too often the selection of the. best Jine I of road through heavily timbered and scrubbed country meant a dead loss of money as well as time to a surveyor, ;while to mark down- on the plan afl. a [road survey a side line already marked; j off as the .boundary of an agricultural selection meant cash in pocket. :The ;rbad selected might run up a hill or dowri, into' a gully; but the Burveypr was not Jiiely to travel it much,' and it. would, 'perhaps, be a long time before it was cleared and'.' the' complaints of the: an fortunate settlers obtained a hearing ab headquarters.'' '; ' ? .': ' - However, if we have not changed all that we are going to do so, and the new regulations are explicit enough as to the1- securing 'as permanent marking of surveys'. as, possible, and also aa to the selection of passable grades for roads in advance of settlement where practicable. One of the old regulations instructed1 surveyors to pick' out the best routes for roads, but as no adequate provision was made for paying them for this extra work it became a dead letter. Now, however, a more liberal scale of payment i3 adopted with special fees for special services, and we hope that the practical results will manifest the wisdom of this increased liberality. We iilso trustthat greater harmony may be established, with the Public Work's Department, ? arid/ that ready coopera tion and assistance will be afforded bv .'?'? i, ^ ? ? ? ?- the officers of the latter branch, espe cially in the special, survey work which we hope to see resumed. The Scotts dale railway engineers :, appear, to have been, the 'only ones who rendered any assistance to ? the late Inspector of Surveys. . ? ' ' The surveys of mining leases, which are .' regarded as of a less permanent character than agricultural or township surveys, have a number of regulations devoted to them, and the regulations re lating to surveys under the Becil Properly Act, though necessarily -. more general in, their character, as the department, has little direct control over the sur veyors, must tend to ensure more care ful work and greater accuracy of plans. The general public have little idea of the delay and expense now caused in obtaining titles under the Real JPropariy A'ci'thvoagh the defective character , of the original' surveys, and so long as no proper surveys of our principal towns exist, no permanent marks or base line to appeal to in cases of disputed boun dary, the defects existing may be mitigated; by stringent regulations, but cannot bo abolished. We commend the', new regulations as an evidence of a new order of affairs, but if the innova tion is only a. 'flash in the plan ' like the reforms commenced in 1883-i its beneficial effects will be evanescent. Cutlery manufacturer's and others who deal largely in ivory, are. the Hardware' Trade Journal says,''' greatly concerned at the scarcity and increasing prices askedfor that material. The chief cutlery firm in Sheffield, Messrs Joseph Bodgera and Sons, used to pay .£G00 per ton for ivory. They have lately paid over .£1280 pertbn, and in some instances special parcels have exceeded J32OQ9 per ton. A good' deal of ivory sent from the Congo by' Mr H. M. Stanley was sold at Antwerp this month at these extrenie quotations. It would 'seem, indeed,' unless some new source of supply can be discoveredin Central Africa' or else where, that there' will be something. like -a famine in ivory. .All kinds of ivory-handled cutlery and other.;goods have gone- up in price in consequence of the' cutlers being obliged * to . ? rise ; their statement - list. ? ? Th e different substances used as imitations, of ' iyory!.:altliough''tlfey fesgrnble it with ex ceeding'e]oseh'ese,are not taken kindly to by 'merchants. '.;:;:( ;-::n. :?:??; ..'?.- .'-.?.'.? ?, : :...-..,' 