THE JARRAH AND KARRI FORESTS. [FBOM OUB OWN COBBESPONDENT.J JARRAHDALE. ( Continued.) BY leaving Jarrahdale early in the morning, you have good time for a look through the bush and for a visit to what is known as the 36 Mill. The name is taken from the mileage of railway. The trip up is made on the timber trucks, the same as were used for hauling the timber to the beach. I am not quite clear how many of the trucks are in daily use, but I do not think 40 1B any exaggeration; indeed I think I am under the actual number. I think I have previously said that the distance is 10 miles, but apart from that particular track are branch lines, one running to|the right of the main line and one running to the left, and a new branch line is now in course of construction, upon which a like number of men are employed. For the maintenance of the whole of this roughly used railroad only two men are employed. It struck me more than once that some of the Government railroads must be kept very much in order, or else the maintenance gangs have a particularly easy time of it. I know of one section of a railway, a distance of only seven miles, where a gang of four men are continually employed, and one or two trains per day run over it. Yet this Jarrahdale road is not in such a deplorable condition as these comparisons would imply. Indeed, considering the work done upon it, and the rough handling the rolling stock receives, the road is quite safe enough for a very good speed, say 20 miles an hour, and a good load with that. Along the road in sundry and several places are log landings, and it is to these places the logs are hauled from thegbush, and are placed upon the landings so that they can be rolled oyer on to the trucks as required. The bush engine makes her daily trip and gathers the logs up, >and gradually forms them in one train, until sometimes the load is a particularly heavy one. The 36 Mill is quite different from the Jarrahdale Mill. It is of an entirely different design, being of American manufacture (Waterhouse & Co.), and as it is the only mill of its kind in the colony, it is perhaps worthy of a description. The logs are put on a landing quite close to the mill entrance, and the ends, or rather the end of each log, nearest the mill is about even. This is practically necessary on account of the principle upon which the mill is laid down, and partly from the position of it. A chain is now passed around the first log to hand. This leads to a winch overhead which is driven by steam power, and the log is parbuckled towards a travelling' carriage having standards of heavy cast iron, and connected to these are dogs and clamps, which secure the log and hold it firmly in position for cutting. Then, as soon as the log iB fixed,by simply pullingalever whioh causes certain friction pulleys to be brought into request, the carriage way moves ahead towards the saws carrying the log with it. Here then instead of the vertical saw, as used at the other mill, are twin circular saws—one large one about 5 feet in diameter and another running on top of this being about 2 feet in diameter. These two saws are driven by an engine quite distinct from any other part of the mill; as a matter of fact, the large saw is on the end of the engine shaft, and the engine being of the Tangye principle, makes a great number of revolutions per minute. The machine, engine, saws and all, are under the control of one man, who simply stands by with two levers in his hands, and the pulling of the one sends the l«g along on its own account and the other gives more steam to the engine and away'she goes at a great rate. The first flitch that is taken off is received by a man standing with a cant hook in his hands, waiting to receive it, and as soon as the saws leave the log, he merely lifts up his lever and down falls the slab, face under, on to a set of rollers. This slab is passed along over roller after roller until it is out of the way. Meanwhile the remaining portion of the log has been run back to where it started from in front of the saw by means of the reversing gear, and now it is a matter of judgment on the part of the sawyer as to whether he shall just give his standard levers a few pulls and take another cut off in the same position, or whether he shall turn the log down on the already sawn surface and cut it the other way. If the first position is wanted, then by pul'ing his levers he works a ratchet gear which connects with screw gearing and simply pulls the log out as far as he wants it, for the size of the piece of timber; and in the second, he simply puts the chain around the log again and throws it down and then returns it to the clamps again. Then by using his levers, he sends the saws through the log again and again, until it is sawn up to small pieces, and then all the pieces pass along the rollers previously referred to, and are taken in hand by men at another saw bench on. the old principle, and are trimmed up and squared, and then passed along to the cross cut saw, where the lengths are fixed up, and thence to the sawn timber landings, or skids, for loading up for the beach or at the other mill. There about nine or ten men working at this mill, that is actually engaged at timber cutting, and the out- put is about from nine to twelve loads per day average. This, added to what is being cut at the larger mill at the head station, would be about 126 tons weekly ; so that these two mills may be said to turn out per year 19,550 tons of marketable jarrah timber. Up beyond this mill the railway runs for about a mile or so, and here is another large landing, and one of the principal ones when a large number of logs are required to keep the two mills going. A bush locomotive is kept moving up and down this line, hauling the logfe to the top mill, and bringing others down part of the way, so that when the locomotive from the head station comes up, she has only to hang on to the rake of trueks waiting for her in most cases, and away she goes to the large mill. Sometimes the locomotive at the top gets ahead of the other, which has a longer run, of course, and then to ease her. she makes a trip down, bringing away all the accumulated timber and logs she can draw, so clearing the road and the m'll, making room for the incoming logs, and the timbei being sawn at the mill. Considering the number of years these mills have been running, and the immense quantities of timber cut here, it is simply marvellous that there should be so much timber. One would think that the foiest would have been cut out, but such is not the case. There seems even now to be an immense forest, and though, perhaps, the very best timber may have been, or partly been, picked out, yet the i timber sawn daily is prime. Bushfires rage here very furiously at times, and now, as I write, there are many very heavy fires to be seen in different directions. Many of the logs that have been fallen for a time, and that are now coming-in, show how severe the fires must be, for they are charred right round and the ends are very severely touched up, especially where the dry heart is. One thing that strikes the visitor, and especially any one who has been in some parts of the other Colonies, where wood and water are scarce, are the immense quantities of splendid wood burned here annually, and the thousands of tons of water running all the year round to waste. There is sufficient water wasted here" to irrigate a whole settlement, and to make dry and useless land wonderfully fertile. I was down the Serpentine River the other day, and went over to a waterhole quite a quarter of a mile long and 1B0 yards wide, and from this was running a splendid strong stream of good clear water. It is said that this hole is several fathoms deep, and the settlers tell of another some few miles away, where they can find no bottom, and it has been sounded with a deep sea lead—how far this may be true I do not know at the moment, but I have quite made up my mind to have a look at this for myself, and trv the sounding too, if practicable And all this splendid water is of no value. The springs that I have mentioned on Jarrahdale yield the finest water for drinking purposes that the heart of man could wish for, and if at Fremantle er Perth one of these could be found, the Temperance advocates would certainly have something good to offer candidates. And last but by no means least the climate of Jarrahdale may be highly spoken of. It is hot enough sometimes during the summer and I have seen the themometer 135 in the sun, but every evening it goes down again to about 65 or 70 or leas than that. It is rare indeed that one cannot sleep at night on account of the heat, and that is a mightv consideration, for if the day be h«t and the nights Jcool yeu do not heed the heat much. Many people avail themselves of this ad* vantage and come to Jarrahdale away from Fremantle during the summer months, and were there more accomodation, doubtless many more would do the same thing. Here is an opening for any enterprising person and a good one too, requiring only small capital. I must say that though I have frequently heard of Jarrahdale, I had no idea of its size and importance until I had lived upon the place and had time to carefully look arouud and see for myself what was going on, and leaving the place I shall never regret the opportunity 1 have had of picking up a heap of useful information anent saw milling and the growth of the jarrah jarrah. 