PUBLInHED DAILY. THURSDAY, DEOEMBER 95, 1890. CHRInSMASrTIaME in these sunny southern lands .has become a synonym for festivity and pleasure-seeking, and at times there seems danger of the high and holy teachings with which it is associated being to some extent over. looked. In the old world it falls in midwinter, when the pinch of poverty is more severely felt, and when the sights witnessed and appeals made are such as to awaken and stimulate bene volent thoughts and charitable actions. The weather is more fitted for family gatherings round the fireside than for excursions from home in search of pleasure, and these social reunions of kinsfolk and intimate friends have a salutary and widespread influence. In Australia the customs of Christmas time are the reverse of those of the mother country. By a large number a respectful recognition is paid to the great event which the Christian world celebrates on this day, but it cannot be denied that there is a growing disposi. tion to select Christmas Day for sports meetings and other forms of entertain ment. This is to be regretted, because it is a source of pain to sensitive con. sciences; it is, however, a natural out come of the changed circumstances. When the cry of the rising generation is, " Where shall we go to spend our Christmas holidays," and when the season of the year is opposed to the social gatherings and festivities that are peculiarly associated with Christmas in northern lands, it would be strange indeed if within even half a century some marked changes were not observ able. Perhaps it is a matter for con gratulation that so many of the ancient landmarks are still preserved, that we still associate the season with thoughts for the comfort of those in less favoured circumstances, with good wishes that all we meet may enjoy themselves, with acts of benevolence and kindly solici tude for the welfare of others. We still prize loving greetings from friends and relatives in ether lands, we still delight to send them some token that they are not forgotten by us; we still cherish in the memory of the children the Christmas carols and the legends of Santa Claus, which latter to them are not entirely idle myths, as the presents are always substantial evidence. All these matters exercise a purifying and therefore benefi cial influence upon the community, and in Tasmania amidst our festivities and pleasure seeking we would do well to recall how much we have had to be thankful for during the past year. In time of peace and plenty, wheu friends ire aroiind tie, iod we have i cddmfort; able sense of Abundanco, we are too apt to forget from whence these blessings come and the grateful recognition they deserve. While wholedistricts.in Queens land and New South Wales were being devastated by floods, the labour of years sevopt away, and hundreds of families red eitd to joverty and distress all Was seCtLro in Tasmania; the wide spread destitution and sitilery caused'in the seaport cities on the mainland by the shipping strike had no parallel in this colony; Tasminian agriculturists Ihae not seen their ft?nas '.ist ýnitldtes selsa bh ht iy' countless hordos of oiusts, the extent of which is measured by thle ?llusaro miles of. country they cover; her whelr farms and gardens have ?fci?ped the locusts liave hundreds of sjtuare miles of pasture been swept away by bushfires. Peace and plenty have been our loti and amidst the e~ioytmest i. th°e 1olidays an ex. eression of our gratitude for the many mercies vouchsafed to us should find place,. while such a remembrance will stimulate our kindly feelings towards those whose circumstances are less fortunate than our own, It is in such a spirit as this that today we wish out, ttutlei'ols teadtern thll time-hbtioured 'leetliug titT k i<lappp 3Ren Svear. Tire Parliamentary surveys, for which votes were passed during last session, are nearly all commenced. They wore-Ouee to Zeohan, £2500; Waratah to Zeehan, £1800; Mole Creek to Zeehan, £2700; anl to connect Fingal railway with St. Heleni's, £500. For the Ouse.Zeohan line a vole of £1500 was made in 1889, the balance of which is still available, and the survey will be carried out by several parties of surveyors, working east and west troml a central depot at the iron state near Mount ArtWesmttht toU whitli dtily cahl be tskeli. From the state of publit Selilt at the capital, and the attitude Ministers have already assumed, it may be taken for granted that the reports on this route will not be the least exhaustive or costly amongst those laid before Parliament next year. The Waratah Zeehan route has been placed under the supervision of Mr C. K. Sheard, with Messrs J. W. Sale and Barwood as execus. tiwo surveyors. The services of that veteran prospector, Mr W. R. Bell, have been secured, and endeavours are being made to engage Mr T. Ferrall, another experienb?d prospector. Some very rough. and broken country has to be traversed In penetrating the ranges that divide the watersheds on the northern aide of the Pieman, and it would beem as if once that, river trbte btotset thete woUlld be little diliutlt' in reaching Dundas; as soitie of thie latest discoveries at that field are 'in streams flowing into the Pieman. The survey by the Dundas railway syndidcte should decide the route between Zeehan taid Dundas. The route between Mole Creek and Zeehan lies through country still loes knowin than that between the Pieman and Zethan, andl this snrvey has been placed in charge of Mr A. Stewart, assisted by Mr Scott. An active start has already be- nt made, as Measers Millar and Aylett, both of whom have had previous ac. quaintance with the country, started some three weeks ago to cut a pioneer track. Great interest is taken in these surveys, and it is to be hoped that Mliniotors will see their way to publish preliminary reports at least of the sur veyors in charge, withotit waiting until Parliament meets, when the cotte plate reports and estimates will be tabled. As for the folitth Parliamentary survey, from the Finugal railway to St. Helen's, we fail to see what good land it will open up, or what re munerative traffic it will secure. If the Ringarooma Railway League would take the matter up. we thilk they could make out a good case for a survey of aline from Moorina to Weldborough, and thence through the agrilultural areas on the head of the. George River, ultimately crossing the table land to connect with the Fingal railway. Thls is a au joct upon which we should be glad to receive reliable iufor mation and opinions from some of our readers acquainted with the districts in question. 