MI WEDDING DAI. A SOUTH Australian STOEY. \- CHARTER . L , (Cfoim KITED). Wo" badrioi noticed— or, at least, I had not,- for of 'hoarse M had ' eyes for no odo else while Jack was in sight — that all this time the two women had been scrambling down" 'the hill, accom- panied by a man, who turned off to the stables, w hile the 'woinen came down to the house, whither we followed. ' Mr, Green says will you give Jack son tea anil "tucker "for ten men ; 'Mr. Rashtbnis going over'fco'the big range,' Mrs. Brown, one of the women, was flay ing as we came in. We all ' fell to 'Work at once. Mr.. Smithcutbeef and sliced plum-pudding; WUUD 11L1D. AXTCCU tftUU "J- UI«U« DUVaittUbllll sandwiches; . Biddy hurried rip the kettles; and Mrs. : Brown and .Mrs. Jones packed things up as soon as they were'reidy. As' we worked we asked brief 'Questions/ aod got. them answered mbre' briefly, with most aggravating in terruptions at interesting poinis. 'Itisadrigfiref - Yes.' 7 , 'Where were they when you got up P 'Just coming ' off the steep range. They had stopped the fire all along ; but it got ' into the striney bark and came along over their heads. — Aie these the bags, Mrs. Green ?— Yes ; they had to mil. T"fc ant tiolilnd ' Ifr Pnohlnn and a lot of 'em.— Where do yon keep the clean towels V Imagine my ' feblings when at this point she dived head first into a cup board and became deaf to questions. I can "see it now, that country kitchen, fresh whitewashed in honour of Ghrist- mas, with a bunch ' of gnm-bonghs hung from the ceiling by way of a fly catcher. A 'good sized room, with a roughly flagged floor, 'just now intoler ably hot, for we had a roaring fire in the large-fireplace, oh which two large kettles and a fountain were singing and spluttering.. . The window-paneB were hot to the touch ; -plates taken from the shelves were ready warmed, and the butter was a clear transparent oil. It certainly was warm work. At the end of the long table stood Mr. Smith, just now with knife and fork suspended, as he -gazed at Mrs. Brown, who was intent on sorting towels. But — bnt, Mrs. Brown' he gasped. ' What's that T she said, emerging from the cupboard. ' How did they escape V 'Oh. they came through it, of course. — Here's a towel to wrap that pudding in.' I suppose if I had had time to think of it, I would have been wretched about Jack's danger. I was anxious as it was ; bnt we were all so busy that I had not time to fret; besides, I kiiew he was safe. If he had been killed or badly uuro, numing wouiu nave ninuerea Mrs. Brown from telling me every detail. I suppose we all looked hot ; but poor Mr. Smith was 'the picture of misery, as he stood in his hot black clothes slicing beef :iu a temperature considerably above a hundred degrees. 1 Why don't yoa take off your coat ! said Biddy, noticing his distress. Poor little man ; I believe he blushed furiously, but can't be sure, for it was a simple impossibility for his face to get any redder than it already was. -!>.», Mr. "Smith," said Mrs. Green. I wouldn't work in a hot thing like that for . anything ; besides, it's real good cloth, - and it's sure to get spoilt. — Here, Biddy; take Mr, Smith's coat, and hang it up somewhere ont of the way.' ' Look sharp, sir,' said Biddy, holding out her hand ; 'I've nb time to lose.' So he had to give it up. And I think that after a while he was glad, though just at first he looked hotter and more uncomfortable than ever. : When we 'had packed up the provi sions and seen Jackson .start we all went into the back verandah and looked up at tbe hill The fire was nearer now, and the smoke was thicker;. ashes and bits of burnt fern and gum-leaves were falling all around ; the sun shone hotter and the parched air seemed to scorch one's face. On the. hill top the men were cutting down branches, and eri- dently 'getting ready for a . struggle. . ' They are goiog to burn a track,' said Mrs. Brown. ' I expect they'd like their tucker now ; they won't have time to eat when thbflre.comes.' ' Where is it now r I asked. About half a mile off but it won't take long to come,' said Mrs. Brown. ' But,' Said Mr. Smith, looking puzzled, 'why don't they extinguishit further off!' ' Because they can't-'said Mrs. Brown. It's in a grass-tree gully. If they were ! fdolsenough to try and stood" against it,; they would he shrivelled up jikfe so much brown paper.' And she went .into the kitchen, where Mrs. / Green and Biddy were already preparing more tea and provisions; All this time l had heSn longing to hear more about Jack; but every one' was too boBy to answer questions ; now F tried, again. ; What f said Mrs. Brown. ' Oh, .Mr. Rushtqn ! He's not hart : not that I know on at least Someone got his arm burnt, hot 1 don't Blink it was him ' —in an aggra vatingly doubtful tone. — . ' Mrs. Jones here saw itall; I only saw them afterwards, " They did look Eke sweeps, and no mistake.' ' Ididn't bee much,' said Mis. Jones modestly ; 1 . only saw Jialf-a-dozen men beatihg like mad ; hud all at 'once' uiEuic - gut iuuu - tuo - bisrg .iauu . uuuie aloDg ovor their heads; and they never , took iio no.tice rillitfie spackaUnd things had lighted the fern behind them. — Where's thi sugiur,.Mrs;!Green i— Yes ; they had to run forit, they ; did.! But' it was rillsqfcmbky ybu' csuldn't make pptrwkich Spwhieb." /Theifeini yas blaring, land; theburning hark was coming jdown like lain. _ 1 If -it had been uphill they had' to goj alii " down,' theyj wouldn't' hive got ravray bo, > not" one of .'em.— Ohno J—Mr . ltotiitohiimTlitirt J Imjtlus.eyehrowe Bfogedaridioflt!the riimioff hit imonstarhe,'itbat'8 'alLM, hutiritod taelqst "half- -of his -beard, and gotuholc'the'rizedf yottr two hands iui die back of his waistanafc - , T" .. .. . : 7 U ''irj"' - ' _ - ' A ,!.t;Wtot;rimeis'ifTjMd«J! Guefeu when the two women'ttafl-rithrted np the hUl uB&iuoffiii;:«'Twbti'clock ! Yptf| don't say so !"Wel|; -.inftyJai 'eH ffwvehbit Of 8omblMMidui»rivea.; -.-Tiro, fin will be on the foL half an hour, at the rate it is chmHlg!; If they can't stop it, it will come down here, and we'll have to turn to and fight with the Test of them.1 ' We'll have to look out, any ways,', said Biddy. 'The sparks will be all over the place with this wind, and it's not much time we'll have then to be. thinking of dinner.' . The children were called in ; and we sat down, to a picoic sort, of -meal, con sisting of cold beef,plnm-pudding and a tartortwo from the unfortunate wedding breakfast. These -tarts reminded me of a fact that I found 'hard to realise — that I was really-married, and that this was my' wedding day ; yes, actually my wedding day ! and here was I, the bride, sitting down to a. demoralised sort of Christmas dinner in a hot kitchen; with a half- roasted clergyman in bis Bhirt sleeves, aud Mrs. Green in a voluminous choking apron.— And Jack ! Where was he ? Over a mile away, fighting the fire in- heat and dust and emoke. In danger, perhaps 1 . Oh. Jack,dear Jack ! Aud i lost myself in loving anxious thought, till I was roused by. Biddy' voice : 'My word P she said, coming to the door—' it's near now, roaring like anything, and they're beat ing like madi' We jumped up at once and went out side. There was a fierce deep roaring rushing sound like a big bush-fire, and nothing else. The smoke hung over ns thicker than ever, and like a lurid cloud Irnnf. nff ttin ennlirrlif fit A ann ihnalf showing through it as a dull deep crim son disc ; and -through the roaring and crackling of the flames we heard the sound of the branches as the men fought with all their might.1 While we watched, Mrs. Brown aud Mrs. Jone3 came hurrying down again, bringing with thetri same of the eat ables they had just taken up. ' They've no time to -eat,' said Mrs. Brown ; ' but'they're just dried up with thirst. They want some more tea as soon as you can send it up.' ' I will take it,' I 'said. 'Pray, allow. me,' said Mr. Smith. ' Weil,' Bald Mrs. Green, ' I expect Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones are tired ; besides, they want their dinner.' I went in search of my . shadiest hat, and the parson dooned his coat — a great mistake, as it proved — and we started off, he with two backets of tea, and I with one. No w,fa)l backets are awkward things to carry up a hill-side at the best of times, and when they are fell of tea, every drop of which you know will be precious to the thirsty men above, you get nervous, and consequently spill mora Mr. Smith started with a light heart to carry those buckets up that hill, and if his heart was heavier when he reached the top, the buckets were considerably lighter. We got on well enough at first, bnt soon came to a steep place, where, though our arms were aching furiously, there was no place fiat enough to set the backets down on. Then we Had to sidle along- tne tun, ana Mr. Smith had to hold one bucket higher than the other to keep it off the groond ; and in spite of all his care, that up- hill -bucket would keep catching . on sticks and stoneB, and sending cataracts of steaming tea over h'lB legs. He did not complain; but it mnBt have been too hot to be comfortable. At last -we got on a cattle track, which made walking easier, though it had its drawbacks too, being six inches deep in soft well- trodden dust. The condition of the parson's moist legs oiler two rnionW walk through this was imagined. He sailed benignly on, however, with one long coat- tail in each bucket of tea, till I could stand it no longer. ' Mr. Smith,' I said, ' I am afraid the tea'will spoil your coat.' ' Dear me! dear me!' he said, ' what shall I do! They will go in, and I cin't put the hucket's down, and the tea will be spojlt. Dear me! what shall I do!' 'Shall I : pin them up for you !' I asked. . . 'Thank you, thank you, Mrs. Rush- ton, if you would, ' he answered grate fully. I managed to set my bucket down and steady it with my foot while I pinned the tails of his coat together be hind, so that it looked like a demented swallow-tail. Thank you' thank you, very mnch indeed;' was all he said just then ; bat when we came : to a place where we could set down -our loads and rest, he observed, as he moarnfully gazed at his muddy legs: 'Really, Mrs. Rushton, I am afraid that this kind of work is de trimental to my cloth.' At last we reached the top, and found the men bard at work. The fire had come upon them before they ex pected. Where a track was already burnt; they stopped it easily enough; but just here they were having, a hard fight, So mnch we learned from one and another as they stopped to swallow a pannikin of tea and theft rush back to their work again. How hot they looked; hot and tired, with faces scorched and grimy, and eyes red with the stinging smoke. I had seen thirst before, though not quits so bad as this. Mr. Smith had not, I think;' and his fiace grew very grave as be watched them. ' Weil, parson,' said one, as he drank the tea, in a voice husky and weak : with - exhaustion, 'you're a Christian far- this, if you never said a prayer.' . The little clergyman looked distressed ; he was a little shocked at firat, I think ; then I heard him murmur to himself;: 'A cup of cold water ! I never knew: what that meant till today.' " Wftep fie got down again, -ue insiewa. on making another trip at once. I coold hot help ddmirlng him as he started np the hill again with a backet in each hand, this time .without his coat. Well,' said Biddy, looking after him, -'he's -got -some plnck In spite of his coat.' 'He's a brick!' said the children, arid I qiiile agreed with them. ; Theflre waa stbpped on the hill be hind the house and the mot. h»d gone along the ridge Abs£opit't®rtber on. We ; had dismantled -the neglected -breakfast tald and .!raa:rraDglid''it with ' mbre re £rd fop, compjietaets than elegance,, reacly for the mtir'ft Mpper; andat lsBti notking-particular -to-do, I went ana ' Sit;;i'iin'dei 'flftl baBkvriiitidah jto" did;'flfc«ne,|<-|eajn-„ ing ifierAtdbblra ion her 'knees' sinHhr jckjq.qq.er, hftndegawd silently mr "wardssat >th&;«mnke ' tiiat.-toid oi ihb ipigHTstill goiDg on . Mrs. Brown took a b room and proceeded to sweep ftp the haves scattered about by our discarded decorations, talking manwhile abont other-bosh fires she had seen. Now that the fight was no longer in sight; the sense of- excitement and conflict we had felt all day in some degree abated. Peaceful home sounds— the. crying of a calf, the musical sound of milking from the bail-yard close by, and the cheerful tinkling of teaspoons in the kitchen — contrasted strangely with the lurid gU> e of the smoky sunlight and the distant roaring of tbe flames. In a gum-tree close by were a crowd of magpies that had flown scream ing away from the fire, and were watch-, ing it intently, now and then bursting into a flood of angry song; while once or twice a.flock, of paroquets whizzed shriekiog overhead. I paid little attentioftto Mrs. Brown's conversation, hut fell to thinking — of Jack, of course— till Biddy came across to. the dairy with her buckets of milk, and lbs. Green came out and called the children in to tea. They came scamper ing in, discuBsing the day's events with a vivacity whicb put day-dreaming out of the question 'for the time being. Daring tea, the talk was still bush- fires; no one over talks of anything else while one is burning. Afterwards, when Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones had departed to their respective homes — cottages i little distance off — aftd Mrs. Uteen and -Biddy were busy preparing for the men, whom they expected soon, I sat on the veranhah and tried to talk the children into a calm enough state of mind for bedtime. It had been a wildly exciting day for them, and a 'con tinual feast' as well.; for they had made raids on the kitchen every now and then, carrying off their booty to be devoured in some place where there was a good view of the fire. They implored me not to speak' of bed at first ; but in spite of themselves they grew drowsy as they calmed down, and were soon ready to say ' Good-night.' When they had gone I lost my self In iny own thoughts again, How long I sat thaire dreaming I do not know. The snn'had set ; the short twi light was over; and' the smouldering logs shone out like like red stars from the blackened hillside above, when iDoticed a strange light to my left. Going to the end of 'the 'house, I saw a line of fire coming towards us along the fiat A smouldering log must have rolled down from above and lighted the grass. ' Fire ! fire ! just here !' I shouted. Mrs. Green and Biddy rushed ont, and took in. the situation at a glance. Biddy juat threw bck her head, put her hands to her moath and coo-eed ' loud aud long. Get a can and wet the grass at the end of the house, Maty !' Mrs. Green called to me as. she ran round the honBe shutting the windows, to keep tbe sparks 1 Biddy,' she continued, ' throw water -on the roof ; it's as dry as tinder.' Biddy gave one more long ' coo-o-ee !' and seizing a bucket, fell to work ; while Mrs. Green disappeared into the house, returning with the children, blinking and bewildered. Rolling them in blankets, she deposited them in the bed of a dried-up creek near the house. Meanwhile, I had been running back wards and forwards with two large watering-cans from the tubs we had 'filled in the morning, trying to soak a strip of grass to check the fire in its ad vances on the house. My task was only half finished, however, when the fire came up. I caught op a branch and called to the others for help. We beat and beat with all oar might ; bnt the mnd was high and tbe grass long, and it seemed as if we conld not keep it back. The heat was intense, and the smoke choked and blinded us ; but we kept on, till I felt as if each blow would would be -the last, and dimly wondered what would happen when I gave in, as I most do soon. -I do not know how long we worked ; it seemed hours'; but I suppose it was not many minntes. All at once we beard m«n's voices aud running feet, aud a dozen strong arms were beating beside us. It was a sharp tussle ; but they got it nuder, and we're just congratulat- ing tbemselves on arriving in the nick of time,' when a voice — Jack's voice — was heard calling for help, and they saw that the fire, thongh turned away from the house, was making straight for the wool-shed, .which stood on a slight rise a little beyond. Jack was fighting it single-handed. It seemed to be getting the better ofliim; then, while I watched, I saw him fell, and the fired rnshed on wards. And then I suppose I fainted, for I remember nothing more till I felt myself slowly and painfully coming back to life in my own. little room. At first, I was only conscious of a deathly sick feeling; then I remembered that some thing had happened, something dread ful. What was it ! Ah ! — Jack, I be lieve I called Ins name aloud ; and then — could it be true ! — I heard hti dear voice answering me; and felt his strong, arms and bis Irishes on my face. It was no dream, bnt Jack himself ! I hid my fees on his shoulder and sobbed. I have a dim remembrauce of hearing some one say, 'She'll do now then the door was shot and we were alone. 1 had my arms round ..his neck, and clang closely to him, unwilling to loose my hold even to'look np at his face, , 'Hush, Mary he said — ' hnsh, my darling. I am here, safe and sound. Look upi dear, and see for yourself.' ' At last I did look up. Could that be Jack! It looked. more like a badly- blacked Christy minstrel. ' Why, Jack ! I cried, yon are as black as a ' and I paused for want of a simile. 'A kettle V he suggested.—' Come, little woman, .don't call names. I fancy there's a pair of ue,'. he added, looking laughingly at me. Of course I eat up at imooi'und looked , towards thegtiss to Bee ttfiat was tbe matter, and this Ib what I saw— Jack koeeliog by the, sidebf the cbnch, look ing like a eafllp-disbtveiled Eweep, for one of : his shirt flleevee was bnrrit off to . ahpnlder andiiO was more or less black gll pyer'.;' wbRa hisyes were red, : and bis teeth, (displayed jfust now by abroad grin, shone like an. negro's from, beneath the -singed andetohbly .ends of what had ones been;his;m'6ustache. Ab ' for -'tne; ' ykcbtam'dtetB yaa ornamented by : Bundiy prints nf a hpmwa hand In black, frjhjHe' farad my wand vniBR broadband of ihhhame hoe. Mjr left cheek was one dark smear ; while on the other, as well as on my. forehead and lips, were nnmermis rough but unmistakable Im pressions of Jack's mouBtache. It was no use trying to be sentimental under the circumstances, so I laughed instead, to Jack's relief, for he had a man's hatred of scenes. ' How did you escape !' I asked. ' I thought £ saw the fire'go over -you.7 1 Why, so it did,' he answered. When I found I could no' stop it, 1 lay down and let it go over tne.' 4 Oh Jack ! you must have ' been hurt.' ' Well, I fouud it rather warm, certainly ; and I am afraid my clothes have suffered. — There., there, little wife; don't cry like that.' The thoughts of his danger has been too mnch for me. ' I am quite safe, thank God. I don't think I am seriously damaged, though my complexion is a little spoiled for the present.' , .He stayed talking a little while, and then had to .rash back to his task. They bad just managed to save the wool-shed, but a good deal of fencing had gone. The worst of the fire was over, -But it needed watchiog. Next morning, a rather dilapidated but very happy' bride and . bridegroom started on their homeward way, after saying good-bye to a still more dila pidated pareoti, and being honoured with three very husky cheers from ail hands. —Chambers Miscellany. 