NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, January 24. The mayoress (Mrs. Sydney Burdekin) held her first official reception in the Exhibition Building this afternoon. The affair was a brilliant one, over 3,000 persons attending. Hot weather has again set in. Very intense heat is reported from a number of stations inland. Two suicides took place in the suburbs this morning. A married woman named Marion Jane Potts, residing at Summer Hill, hanged herself in a bathroom. She had been in bad health for several months and had nude two previous attempts at suicide. The second case was that of a man named Stephen Morris, a laborer, whose body, with a shot wound in the head and a revolver lying by the aide, was found in a paddock off Point street. The deceased had threatened to make any with himself. It was understood that Mr. Pullman was yesterday approached by a Sydney syndicate with reference to disposing of his invention for overcoming the difficulty of break-of-gauge. The Trades and Labor Council have passed a resolution emphatically protest- ing against the indiscriminate proclama- tion by the Government of public holi- days, it being urged that the working classes greatly suffered thereby. The dispute between Messrs. Warbur- ton, coal merchants, and the Coal Lumpers' Union was further aggravated to day by Messrs. Warburton setting their own men to unload the Royal Shepherd. The firm had notified that they would do this unless they had an ultimatum from the Lumpers' Union by a given time. A meeting of the Maritime Council was held to-night to discuss the difficulty, but the greatest secrecy was observed in regard to whether any decision would be arrived at or not. Very extensive bushfires are reported to be raging at the head of the Murray. Thousands of acres of good grass have been destroyed in the vicinity of old Junee. Robert McNickle, a farmer, had a quantity of bagged wheat and two straw stocks destroyed. He estimated the damage done at £200. Other wheat paddooks were saved with the greatest trouble. Much fencing has been destroyed. The fire is still raging. Keven O'&oorkeoa; whose farm the fire was first seen was arrested, and held in custody by MoKlckle, who suspected O'Bonrke of In oendiariem. Arrivals — Tanab, from Houua; Ballmba, from Melbourne; Port Caro line, from Newcastle, en route to London. Sailed — Arawata, for Anokla?d ; Katoomba, for Melbourne ; Oamblar, far Melboncne and Adelaide; Fltzroy aad Gabo, for Queensland. QUDBRSIjABDu I?wm (B«nOgm«MMkl Brisbane, January 84. Mr. Uunuanlefi at noon today for Sydney to attend the Fedetal Confezeace In Melbourne on February 4. The anger exports from Qaeeaaland from Jane 22 to January 17 oonnhted of 21,597 tona. The Brisbane River 1b tiring, and there l? every p«ol«Wlity of ? he??y flood. The raiD? oontinae tiiroi^boat the oofaaj. The deedlock between the pvodaoe sao tloneen and the prodaot marahMtfai m fe* gatds payment for bags and bales bat ended In the menbants agreeing to boy whetberthebagtor bales be weighed or changed for. The prodnoa trade U thwa fore in foil awing again. TAflataJilA. {hn on on OottavpoodHHajl Hobart, Januiy 84. Mr. Alfred Lori, aon of the deoeaaal member for Cambridge, has decided to atand for the vaoanm In the LegUattre ConndL He Is Ukeqr to have a walk over. H.H.B. BambferwOlnot beplaoaioa the aUp, m the oonakrwtlo? olkerhoU prevapUhergomgomfaitbjannlmeif ?a|, and ahe can only be cepabed b the graving dock. ArrfTed-C^evierjM.**ok«,U* l u N from Melboorne; Hanrbtta, barqaa, from Few York. Tha regatta at Lamoerton jwtktda* 