WEST AUSTRALIA AS A SANATORIUM FOR CEYLON AND INDIA. Mk. 'iv; WVLfel bf Perth Writing ^rom the Orient on Feb 1 to the Ceylon Observer says :—" Will you please allow me space in your columns to call attention to the advantages which Western Australia now offers to Europeans in Ceylon as a Sanitorium and place for education of their children. The first consideration is that of suitability of climate. All the south-Western' part, 'from Perth to Albany (as the town at King George's Sound is called), is far out of the tropics and yet not so far as to offer an injuronsly extreme change. At Perth in 1888 the" lowest and highest shaik'i-eadings of the thermometer were about 84 and 105 respectively. Albany being 250 miles south of the readings would be lower. I want to submit to your readers whether this is not a sufficient change to be recuperative and yet not extreme enough to Leavo disastrous results. It should be Kq| apnbered that- y cjur| fc ji. cfryjhcit^ §nd Jwtfat respect a further contrast to the climate of Ceylon. The next matter of importance is proximity, j i The magnificent steamships of the Orient line and the P. & O. Company bring Albany within 10 days of Colombo. The ocean to be traversed offers less dangers to the traveller than, that between Ceylon and England. There is not even the Australian Bight to be crossed. Some time can be pleasantly spent in the picturesque and prosperous town of Albany. The ever-changing scene on the jetty ; the come and go of those " floating palaces," the mail steamers, twice a week; excursions on and around the bay; drives to the uncleared,tyush and to the virgin forest; all offer Miatitis to the languid European-Ceylonese. The circle of pleasure and iuvigoFtttion at Albany feeing exhausted, the tourist can take a ticket for £2 15s 3d and travel tc> Perbhi 330 mi}e»(b'8faQt,<bv the newly constructedBeterieyiAluany Railway. New scenes are opened to view, new vistas of forest, of park-like lands, of sandy downs covered with short schubs that in their season bear flowers of every hue, and anon in summer, a glimpse of a dried-up salt lake is obtained gleaming through the foliage like the driven snow. The first day's journey ends at Beverley; stofj-over privileges can be had, and the tourist can rusticate for a day at this little town. Here he may botanize, and gaze in : wonder, on tree*? that shed their bark annually instead of their leaves, whose smooth trunks tower upwards,, and are crowiied with small, thick, shilling leaves arranged in parasol-like groirs. An hour spent- by moonlight within 200 yards of Sewell's Hotel, amongst the salmon gumtrees—their tall, gaunt forms seen in sharp outline, the arched vault aliove studded with countless stars, tlie moon hiing in queenly splendour lets fall her softened rays until the leaves glisten as if coated with burnished silver—will afford a spectacle not easily forgotten. Twenty miles farther on 10 ^the larger town • of Voek. environed' by hills, • chiefly" Viomirfated by Mount Bakewell. For the ascent of this mount another day may be taken ; and then the journey continued to I erth. Grassy and tree- covered hills will be seen on either side of the line; until- about mid-day the mahogany forest, last seen near Albany is re-entered.. The many blackened trunks, the Charred stumps, the fallen branches, and almost bare ground, all tell how fiercely the bushfires rage through these forests in the summer months. Then the descent to the valley,of the Swan River begins. The valleys deepen, th6 hiJls draw nearer, huge boulders of granite lie within reach, the denuding action of the past is more apparent; the line curves, now running ovev the foot of a hill and anon overlooking a gorge, and presently the taller buildings of Perth—16 miles distant—outline themselves against the horizon. Guildford is only just ahead, embosomed in the valley. Passing through it, the train makes a pause in sight of tlie River Swan, and by two o'clock the tourist will find him self in Perth. Perth is situated, at a bend of the Swan River where it widetis out into lake- like proportions. At the extremity of Perth the scarpment ef Mount Eliza overlooks a narrow part, beyond which the river widens into great reaches—offering full scope'for yachting, whilst the shallower 'Perth Water gives facilities for rowing and smaller sailing boats. Here is infinite variation from the placid bay when all is glassy and idle, to the foam-crested mimic waves of our stormiest day. Excursions down the river, drives out of town, visits to the port of Fremantle. 12 miles away, life at the Clubs, and so on, mil afford' recreation and give new strength to the htealth-seeking tourist. Where time is very important all that I have described can be done whilst the ship is going to and returning from Sydney It can be re-joined at Albany, and in a few more days, " Home, sweet home," is made all the more pleasant by this sight of a new country—a trip, within the means of some who cannot afford to think of England. Great as are these advantages, I believe our colony offers still greater. An anxious problem, ever ; presenting itself to the European-Ceylonese, is that of minimizing the evils attendant on the upbringing of children. The present necessities involve the separation of parents and children for some years—robbing the parents of half their joys, t and depriving the children of advantages for r which no efficient substitute can be supplied. Another unsatisfactory feature is that no process of acclimatization is going on. The contrast in climate between Ceylon and England is so great, and the stay in England is necessarily long, so that the children become Europeanized in constitution when they return to the parental home or estate, they have probably formed European alliances, and their children are no more able to withstand the peculiarities of the Ceylon climate than they themselves were ; the partings and anxieties have all to be repeated in each succeeding generation. I am sure that it is well worthy of inquiry whether these evils would not be greatly mitigated, if children were sent to Western Australia instead of to England. Proximity is here an important factor, communication being quicker and admitting of an occasional visit home or of parents to children—the flames parental and filial affection being fed anew. Then the climate beiiig healthy, though not so greatly differing in temperature as England does, would surely inure the constitution to the climatal conditions of subsequent life. Alliances would probably often be made with Australians, who being accustomed to the heat might not be much affected by transference to Ceylon. Is it too much to assume that under such conditions succeeding generations would bei fess and less affected injurously,' arid finally become so acclimatized as to remove the I necessity for separating children from their parents to avert an early grave. 