NEWS OP THE WEEK. His Eïoelloncy tho Administrator and Lady Frasor crob-od oyer to Battiest on Wednesday, in the s.p. Rescue, leaving Fremantle in the ^mortui g. MESSES. BASON.& WEBSTER have dissolved tarin rshi.j. Mr. Bason retires from the firm, and its business will for the future iba rend acted by Mr. Webster. MR. J. F. STONE, by the last mail, received -an intimation from London appointing him, for another three years, Imperial Agent for this colony. TELEGRAPHIC advices from the north speak of tory heavy rains having fallen in varions districts. Xbe Sherlock, in the North Weet, is running a banker, and the Fitzroy'in Kimberley is also in flood. A GENEBAI. meeting of the creditors of Mr. J. J. H. Hislop, hotelkoeper, Bunbury, who nae filed his petition in liquidation, has leba «ailed for the 11th of February next, at ll. a.m., in the Supreme Court offices. SINCE Thursday week the glass bas been be- low 30.00. It bas gradually decreased der- ; ing the week, and oh Thursday it had reached 29.70. This is the lo ff est reading registered for several months. . ' ['-' A CHEISTMAS story, entitled "TheStory (of : ja Christmas Eve," by Mostyn. Barnyard, án author resident in the Eastern Districts, < appears in this week's issue of the WESTEBN; MAIL. WE have been .requested to «tate that in' future tho meetings of the Fremantle Philharmonic Society will be held in the Town Hall every. Monday evening, instead bf Friday. The nest meeting under the new arrangement takes plací nest Monday. THE following is the rateable value bf Fremantle:-West ward, ¿20,393; North ward, ¿17,610 ; Sauth ward, ¿10,527 ; . Total-¿48,830. The rate for the year is ls 8d in the ¿, which gives a total of ¿4,069 3a 4d available for collection. THE devth of Mrs. S. W. Viveash, widow bf ¡ the late S. W. Viveash, Esq., Ä.M. took place on Thursday last at her residence on t$e .Swan. The deceased lady, who was one bf ?oar earliest¡settlers, was in her 76th year. Tee funeral took place on Friday morning, -and was largely attended. Ox Thursday week a bush fire broke out at Subiaco, and continued to spread for ¿wo i -days. In the course of its progress tbe fire reached the dwelling house or Mr. J. E. Joaes. Fortunately a large apace had been -cleared around the house, and although the "flames came within a short distanoe of the ' fence, no damage was done. The Fremantle Herald suspended publication j last Saturday. Thia- ÎB the fourth journal bf that name which has baen in existenoe.'duriég j the hist few years, viz., a weekly Herald, two morning daily Heralds, and an evening1 IBfirati. Since its late resuscitation, the Herald, morning and evening issue, has lasted some eighteen months. "WE understand that the special audit of the , accounts of the collector of the Fremantle Municipal Connell, concluded onThuisday.and, that the result of the scrutiny shows a: defi- ciency of £364 Ids. ld. The auditors' report will be read and probably considered on Tuesday evening at the usual monthly meet- ing of the Council. TSE traffic returns on the Eastern Bail way for the month ended November 26th, 1889, -were as follows:-Passengers and parcels, .£1,859 11s. ; «roods, ¿81,717 10s. 8d.-total, JB3,577 ls 8d, as against £2,954 9s lOd for the corresponding month in 1888. The tonnage during the month was 3,805 tons li cwt. ; in November, 1888, it was 2,972 tons 8 cwts. A SOMEWHAT unusual ceremony in this .colony was witnessed in tb« Wesley Church, Perth, on Sunday morning, namely the public reception of a oonvert into the society. The candidate who presented himself for baptism was Mr. Bernard Steid, a well-known citizen, who has been oonverted from the Hebrew iaith to Christianity. The rite of baptism was administered by the Bey. P. C. Thomas.. : THE body of the late Mr. E. L. Barrington,of Perth,was interred in the Wesleyan Cemetery,. Wednesday afternoon. A large number of the ¡ friends and relatives of the deceased, includ- ing many of the members of the Working Men's Association, to which Mr. Barrington, in his lifetime, belonged, followed the body to the grave. The Bev. E. Treymane Dunstan, pastor ot Trinity Congregational Church, officiated. THE following names were added, on Thura day, to the daily list of persons for whom un- claimed letters are lying at the General Post Office:-John Boyle, J. P. Casserley, J. Doyle, Miss E.. Fury, William Grace, D. 'Grierson, H. Groth, C. Hillier, Fred. Moore, J. B. Marshall, B. K. Parker, A. Robertson, .T./W. Rutherford, A. C. Bamsay, Mrs. G. Thomas, Mrs. Tredrea, L. G. Templer, Mrs. B. W. Woodward. ? THE Customs returns for this month are as .follows: The receipts are ¿10,492 4s. 4d. This is a decreaso of ¿685 10a. lld. on the reoeipts for January of last year. - The re oeipts for Fremantle, ? last month, were ¿£6,872 ;16s. 2J., being a decrease of ¿£1,248 4s. ld. Fer the outports the receipts for this month were ¿£3,619 8a; ad., whioh is an increase of . £111 19a. 2d. on the corres- pondingmonth of 1889. WE greatly regret to announce the death, frami fever, -on Friday afternoon, .'in the hospital at1 Albany, of Lieutenant J. H. C. Eástj of H.M.S. Rambler.' By the many fr'ende Jin ..Perth , and... Fremantle, whom Lieutenant East made during the Ram- bler a reoent viai(¡, the news of his death haB been received with sincere sorrow. The funeral, -our Albany correspondent reports, took plaee on Saturday, and was largely attended. THE following notices appear in the '* Long Lost Relatives '.' list in Lloyd's Weekly Lon- don Newspiper for December 29th : "George Clifford, a sailor, shipped in the Angerton in. Angu.it, 1887, for Fremantle. His mother asks.-Mary Ann Elphic (née Healey) sailed with her husband to'tbe Emigrants' House, Perth, Ind in 1878 waa at Rowlett's (Howr litt'sf) brick yard, Perth, W. Australia. Sister inquires.-Riobard Reeve left Lindon for Fremantle in 1861-2. Brother Tom." ! EABLY ot¡|Tu»sday morning, Mr. Edward Lord Barrington, a well-known resident of the city, died at bia residence in Murray Street. It' appears !that Mr." Barrington, who' had" .been ailing for a few days, was seized with a fit the pro viona evening, and though medical attendance was obtained, he rallied only auf- ? fioiently to enable bim to recognize the mem- bers of his family. Shortly after he became insensible, and death: took place abojut six. o'clock, on Tuesday morning.- The funeral took plaoe at' four o'clock, on Wednesday afternoon, ON Monday afternoon a driving accident i happened^ to ¿Mr. C¿ Q. Speight; who resides in Murray Sweët/Tèrth. Mr. Speight waa returning from the sports at Guildford in j a two-horse carriage.and when passing over an ? unusually rough part of tho rood, both the. driver and his seat were suddenly jolted opt into the road. Mr. Speight fell heavily On bis head and right shoulder, and became inf sensible. He did not recover consciousness for seme Urne- after he had .boen removed to bis house by Mr. Crossiandr.fCto Tuesday, Mr. Speight'was improving, although still some- what shaken by the fall. ON Thursday a .petition in liquidation was filed at the í Supreme Ooàrt by Mr. Sydney Hymus, chemist and drnggist, of Howies street, Perth. Thl estimated liabilities ate set down at £7,184 Is. 10d. . ! The fir$t general meeting of creditors will be held on : the 20th prox., at "the office of Mr. R. 8. Haynes, solicitor. The following is a hst of the creditors with the estimated liabilities in eaob instance. A.M.P. Society £1742 ; W A. Bank £300 ; E. G. Lacey £197 13s. 4d^ Aubrey Brown £122 8s.; J. Grave £75; Crowder and Letohford £46 5B.; Bank of N.S.W., £3,200 15s. 61. ; G. Sadler, Guild- ford, £1,500. Total £7,184 ls. lOd. THE following names were addtd, on Friday week to the doily list of persons for whom un- claimed letters are lying at the General Post Office : H. Andrew, E: Brown, A. Bayley, - Burgess, 8. Bruce, Mrs. Betts, Mrs. Butler, Mrs. E. Claydon, W. R. Clark; Dr. Canny, \- Cahill, Robert Chant, J. Hv Darley, Mary Doyle, W. J. P. Downing, C. N. Fawcett,- A. GUlimore, Mrs. Garn, Louisa Huxtable <2), A. Hendry, M. Hnddart, B. Huddelstone, Mrs. Qc. Jefferson, Michael John, J. Lyons, J. A-Manning.'BayfieldMonldon, T. W. Nich- ols, J; H. Phillips, Mrs. Preedy, Henry Page, Dixon Price, E. Robinson, JohnRobyns, Cap- tain Scott, F. Strutt, H. TendgsoB, John Tomboolks, and A. C. Wastell. STILL another noble gift to London is an- nounced by a contemporary. The Dake cf Westminster, on 'behalf of a committee of. which ' he is Chairman, has written to the Goanty Council,'asking them to aooept the Royal Victoria Gardens (late;North Wool-: -wich Gardens) as a reoreation ground for the, publio, the' gardens haying' been* purchased at a cost of JBl^jODO, to which a further expense I of ¿1,500 has been added, of which hitter amount the Council are asked to contribute thé sum of ¿1,000. The ground, being near I the Woolwich Ferry, will be available for inhabitants on both sides of the river, and will be a valuable addition to the parks and open epaces which the Council now maintain for the benefit of thé public. Faoit the figures giren below, it will be seen that the attendance bf readers at the Victoria Publio Library, during the year whioh expir- ed «a Saturday, reached a very satisfactory number. - The Library was opened on Janu- ary 26th, 1889, and up to the night of the ?25th -inst.,1 when the year expired, 18,704 readers were registered, of whom 1441 were ladies. Of this number, 8,470 attended dur- ing the morning, and 5,234 in the evening. The highest morning attendance was that for the month of May-921 ; the highest evening attendance waa- ibat .j for; November-468. j The highest total, attendance for any month ooonrred in May, when it reached 1342. The average daily attendanoe was slightly over 40\. , . _ UNLIKE most old lawyers retired from the profession, Serjeant ^Robinson(says the PÎiZl Mall Gazette) th'inhiB.vilry^ghly pf thé men' who are BOW the leaders of the Bar. Áltheágh hé giraàtly differs from Sir ChaMès BUBBSÜ in poliíios he described him in conversation as ' one of the ablest lawyers and best speakers that the Bar has «ver known. He doesn't think, however,-tbatbàrristers ar o auch good | lawyer« as they were, but nowadays, as he | says, they have very much more to learn. He j remembers when Fleet-street was a great barrier between Equity and Common Law, " There is no barrier now," bo said recently to one who got ¡him to speak pf these things ; " a barrister in these days has to know a bit of every .kind ©Maw." A FATAL ooourrenoe took place at Portland on WednesdayÏ'January 8 (records the Mel- bourne Uer aid), by whiohDavid Breveter, a diver engaged on-the harbour works, lost his life. The deceased was under water for some time without signalling, and the man at the life-line, fearing something was wrong, pulled up, when it was found that Bruwster waB not breathing. Medical aid was summoned, and every effort used to restore animation, but without avail. The theory is that deceased, fainted while beneath the water, and was suffocated before those above knew that any- thing was wrong, as. the air pipe was quite clear, and the men at the pump and life-line were both experienood end reliable hands. The accident is the first of a aérions ? nature that > has occurred during the four or five years the works have boen in progress. .THE first number of the. new issue of the W.A. Bulletin under.the) changed manage-: mont appeared on Saturday, but for various reasons the number can hardly bp held to be alair specimen. The Bulletin for the future' however,, will be np do^bt/free'-}»ai the indecoaoioï of the .past, which tpo often served ,'aS; the .poor aubstitute f#r wit ïthe latter, when, it existed, oemg chiefly doe to items borrowed ' f rom ' Tit Bit»¡ or American : and Sydney journals, and localised te snit); and wei may hope'free also from the bitter and partisan"niàlioe -which disgraced' all ita p61itibal référenças, and led 4t Astray- in all its political forecasts. "We believe' the new management Willendeavour to effect aa im- provement in all these particulars. In auch e. case all will wish success to a journal which might «¡vean additional reason, nrby Saturday morning should be looked forward to. . . .... .......... AT the annual .meeting of. the,Finança Com- mittee of the Congregational'Chu'reb, Fre- mantle, thetreasurer presented the following statement of the receipts for the year ' 1889 Weekly offerings i realized; -3887,7 10s. löd.,' seat rents and special subscriptions ¿185, 10s. 7d.,;makiog a totalof ¿463 is. Sd.In addition to this, the weekly 'offerings of the scholars in the 'Sunday school amounted to ¿4116s:, bringing rap the tetal'to ¿504 17s. Sd. The sam .onbsoribed, by' the .Sunday acholara is invested ,in the Bemsfit Building Sooiety, and in a few years wjll realise, pearly f500 towards the liquidation of the Church ebt Io eoiiuef^i.on.with the'Congregational ..Mission Hall átjíórtb Fremantle* #he cóllec-, tions and subscriptions amounted to'¿86 6s., and the'Weekly offerings of the Sunday schol- ars to ¿ll, making a total of ¿97 60. The Congregationalists t>f Fremantle and North Fremantle, have raised altogether In 1889/ the sumlot ¿602 3s. 5d. A BEIOADE parade of the volunteers was held on Wednesday avg. on tbs Recreation Ground, J under thejjomoujndof^^ Pilkington. It was intended that the volun- teer corps of Perth,Fremantle,and Guildford i *shóuld">b'épweeot*' bûfc, owing,'probably, to,¡ the difficulty experienced in getting away from their .work .'in time, the Guildford men were not in attendance. Despite this, the parade state shewed a fairly gàbft muster, the numbera ot all ranks present being aë fol- lows ! Perth Artillery Volunteers 23^- Fre- mantle 'Artillery Volunteers' -21, Metro- politan Rifles 56, Fremantle Eifies 83, staff 2, total 185. The parade took place ataeven o'clock, and after the troops had been marched to the ground, they were put through battalion drill, bayonet exercise, and manual firing. . The parade lasted nearly un hour and three quarters, after which the corps were marched from the ground and dismissed, the Fremantle men returning to the port by the last train. ACCORDING to the official meteorological, report for the 34 honra preceding 9 aim. on Thursday,rain fell at the undermentioned ob- serving stations to the extent specified : Bannister, *01 Kojonup, '07 ; Israelite Bay, .02 and Arthur "15; The weather waa cloudy at Jarrahdale, Pinjarrah and Bridgetown ; fine but cloudy at New Norcia and Bremer Bay ; threatening at Dongarra ; threatening rain at Fremantle ; sultry at Newcastle,! York, Bannister, Williams/Kojonup, Mount Barker, Albany, and Eucla; overcast at Gingin, Guildford, Perth, Mandurah, Bunbury, Vasse, and Israelite Bay ; hazy, at Eyre, gloomy at Arthur, .and generally fine at all other ob- serving stations. .The maximum tempéra- ture in shade during the same period was as follows : York;. ÏÛ1, Perth, 102 ; Fre- mantle, 94 ; Bunbury' 94 ; Albany 72 ; and Esperance Bay, 188. The intercolonial re- ports were' os follows : Adelaide 89, and Mel- bourne 77; fine and olear V Sydney 81; over " east, .with 2.49 ' rain. No : report wrns re- ceived -from Brisbane. Otting to thé inter- ruption-of the'1'northern telegraph Uno-no reports were reoaived from any of the observ- ing atations to the north of Dongarra. WE understand that on account of the re- presentations made to " them, the Pablio . Gardens, committee have reconsidered their refusal , (to. allow, the . W. A. Hortiouitural" Society's ;AutumnzShow to beheld in the Gar. dens, and have how "kindly given permission for it to takel\plaoé there. The tha'tiVB not, only "of the Society, But of the general pubfid, ' are'dtté; ti the' committee for their kindness, as^iot only must, th»1 show held there ne of benefit to the Society from a peouuiary, as well as a horticultural'point ofwiew, hut it will also provide tba pablio with the delight- . fal recreation afforded by an exhibition held in a well-ventilated tent, in the gardens. ' To haye held the tbow in tho . .Town Hall after the experience of a few yeara ago, and in such weather as one might fairly expect would prevail at the ead of February next, would have been a moat decidedly retrograde atop, and it is very satisfactory to find that no change will be made next month, as re- gards the plaee for holding the show. A meeting of the committee of tho Soolety will be held in the Town Hill at bfelfcpant four o'clock on Friday afternoon, the Slat instant, for the consideration of business in connec- tion with the forthcoming show. THE demand for irrigation works In Victoria seemB still to be unsatisfied; for we learn from the Melbourne Age that * large irriga tim trust has been formed in the Bairnsdale district, and as soon as the necessary puns- and specifications of the head works, collect- ing and distributing channels connected therewith are prepared, their construction will be commenced. ' The! trust baa been granted a loan of £111,376, and .will be entrusted with rating powers up to 25aI per cent.^n the municipal valuation. The Scheme ' of works includes the ccmstrnotton1 of alarge \ weir on the Murray ftivér below ita janotioa j with stoney Creek ; the excavation ef* main 'channel «long the left 'bank of the river, nearly three orfleaïongY capable > ¡of carrying 850 oubio feet of water per minuta, the «rec- | tion of "a flame across the Mitchell; Biver capable of carrying SfOOO -cabio feet/ per pliante. All these «forks wUlbe carried put \ by the trust. Tb» water will be obtained; from the Mitchell Biver, whenoè .the trnst ? nag .power to idraw 8äOO cubic feet" of ; jwatet' i per minute, but the ^ui'ntity to bë diverted j must hot exceed more than ône' nalf the j natural flow bf the river át ¿hy time. '* . j INDIAN coolies, to |h,e, numlwr o^ODO, ,are' now resident, >tâW .the' Quiney Morning, Herc&d;, in the Fiji ^p#'tf istoS?.' ^Thèy woreimpórted to Work^tté^sià^ tttàMtà*. tions, and a reportVhich attain*Preference, to their thrifty habita, is to hand 'from' Bava., 'Wages ©aroéd-oy:$aák'>^ a*ly on-the different plániátións ; the gen eaal average may be flot -down at lOfd. per diem for male l&bourem; sind about 7£d. forwotoen. Ont of these pwll wagt!« the people manage.to «ave, merx wonjan..posses- sing: sore or lops of silver orpMwuts, in . the ehfpe^ of .bangles, Bukl«^^: J»ae and ear^ ringsythe Agent-General at Siwa, being able to'report over £7000 deposited on interest , with the jegavtnant, and probably even a. larger e-nm~is"forwarded m coi» or deposited with plamtation ;sfcrek*ej^r£ : Í -jtbp (Poly-, nesiafa labourera ;thé(»j«>aie" report nays:-., The Polynesian Immigrant popolation is es i timated at 2,099,, a^large, proportion pf whom having completed t^eir $erniiojl indentured service, baye p&esed; out ¿f ^h» control pf the depaebmeut. Thesis men¡ havmgr no intention of returning, to their own",homes,''engage as domestic servants, store labparorS, or for short terms bf plantation" work, and. being; ks a rule; both tractable and'intellig'erit, are able to command good' wages,1 and tt they de- sire ; it, Which few do¡ constant èbsployment. i The average mortality amongst those people < is Quoted at 8-68 ; the Indian oaoliea, 2-39. SINCE: Saturday, a change From the intensely hot weather which ¿has j/re vailed for as wards bf ten day» has been;threatened, and the, appearance of the' sky last evening gaye rise to hopes that it would opt long1 be delayed., Such a long and uninterrupted period if heat is unusual, even in january, when bush fires are noa of infrequent oecnrrenoe, ¿nd generally the scorching winds are inter- mitted every two or three days by à refresb , iag seabreeze-. Snob, however, has not been our experience during the- last ten days, as I eren when there was a breeze from the west or south-west, it bad generally . to pass through the bnahfires whioh hare raged across the water- On Tassdey 'evening, a thunderstorm was threatened,and. the dis-, play of lightning was very general through- out the central districts. Jt passed off, how- ever, and waa sncoeeded by thirty-six honra close, stifling heat. Yesterday afternoon, a little light rain fell for about ten minnteB, after whioh. the clouds lifted for a while. Last evening, the indications of ¡rain were more threatening. Fron several country -districts, we hear that the , weather ex- periences have been similar io those of the residents in towns, and that'just as about a week «go, Perth was enveloped in huge clouds bf «moke, so in several of the country districts, the smoke from the bnshfires covers the whole place. To this may be added that the weather wise aboriginals amongst them several who predioted a flood lost year- say that .after thia, long spell of heat, a heavy downponr of raia may be peoted. » .* AT tho conclusion of the brigade paraâ* of the volunteers, on Wednesday evenings a meeting of officers was hold ; ia the MÜBtacy Office, at which the arrangements ftc the tournament it is proposed to hold ito «he course of the nest few months Kort: dis- cussed. The following were elected! av.- gene- ral committee : The Commanohttt,- Major Pilkington, President; Maje* » gardiner (Guildford Bines), Captain Hayaes (Perth Artillery), Captain Sholl - (Metropolitan Rifles), Captain Mitohell .Northampton Rifles), Captain Clifton (^mantle Bifies), Captain DeHamel (Plantagenet feines), Captain. Cowan (Gerald*©«'Bines), Captain Mayhew' (Fremantle Artillery),'Malor 'Ham« ble (retiren)» ia\^'---faBB&f;,falttitib, Captain H. Crook (Victorian Militia), Captain A.- A. ;1Soott ' <8.. A. VolùïHèers), Surgeon Elliott, Surgeon White» Heuten« atti: «nd Staff Adjutant Campbell^ 2nd LieufoÁanfc Wittenoom (Geraldton Bijles), and S?fl* Lieutenant Hobbs (Perth Ar- tillery). The date of the tournament has not yet been fixed, but it is boped that it wilt taite place on one of the autumn holidays. It is proposed that immediately before or after the* tournament a rifle shoot- ing mateh aimil taire plaoe, at Perth, between teams selected fro»' the differe&t; corps in the ?colony. This, Ht ÍB hoped, will be the first meeting to take pince under the" auspices of the new Bille Association. A. suggestion has been made that oro feature of tbs tour- nament should be a musical cora pe ti tic« be- tween the bands of the varions oorper. In addition to the general committee, a commit- tee will be formed in each «örps to look after the work of its own corps is connection with the tournament. These committees will net be confined to the officers, bot all ranks wilt ba represented. The general committee will meet at th« Military Office, on Saturday next, at 8 p.m. ?_ A MOVEMENT fa on foot to erect a memorial toubatone over the grave of the late Bev. J. É. Tenison Woads, who died in Sidney;'last j October at the-age of 57. "There* are few 'men" (says ta&Aryun;) "connected with these colonies to whom« «be honor, oeuld be moref fittingly paid. K»34 years Mr. Woods was associated with one* or other of the Austral- asian colonies, andi it was ohiefly in cennec tioa with, Australa«» jthat his reputation as a scientist was'tnanie. The work done by him'»3 a geologist waa* that, : perhaps, wbioh brought his i\ftu>e mosí . prominently before the world. Bat lie pnessesed one of tüoäe varied'and adaptable ¿fctelleots, whieb can faateu'npon many different branches of studyy and threw light upon1 everything they tafce^ np. . researches- were.not. confined to ¡g^1pgyj'.bút extended tb'l»&ny; and naturalfc history as *el l; and jon all these and their kindrea sabjeóts be haVwrikten learnedly andt vvfell. 'Fófethe late BbthW Catholic priest,', .apart ffomVhis clerical functions, was foy no« lraearis a/acrèhtist of the dry as-dust type.' He » 'was idsd'fc'aoholar, a Ungaiisa; a nrasieian, am artist» ftnd^ it <may be addedi a thorough man of the world as well. For aft these qualities ? Mr. Woodsy will, of. oonrae, be deeply missed by fete--friends, wik> will no doubt come jforward'now to - pay what honour they can to his memory. BuU Mr. Tenison Woods had cbwms on Australia as a whole, whiota we think will be reoogBÔsed by many of, those, who only knew' biiB> through his 'work's. The natara! marvels otour continent are so many, srtd those who devote themselves to à study yf them «ra BO" few>. that AuStra iiaus may Well be grateful to «. asan tvhö gave 1 tip the best, and indeed' nearly tbei whole1 of hie life tb investigating tbemj ; and bringing -them before the notice of th* world. ?Tbo ifeerk -done bjv Mr. Woods- was 'done for TÀn'straifa, and MI thü ground the iroBponse ; ntaOeTjEe the presentí snggestiont might: well fee -something;, ahnest Australians ia ¡oharüóter. Variousgeatleioen in th? different, colonies have nndertaken the duty <>f collecting sub- scriptions to tfaetfund which it is-proposed to raise- i. H / i . . - 