L o c a l and G e n e r a I. In the Intercolonial Cricket Match, N.S. Wales v. Victoria, the former won by four wickets. THE Customs returns for last month, compared with those of January 1889, show a falling off of £635 10s. 11d. THE glass gave a very low reading on Thursday last, viz. 29.70, the lowest registered for several months. THE Perth C.C. eleven has inflicted a one inning defeat, with nine runs to spare, upon a team representing the Metro politan C.C. THE shed being erected at Geraldton for the fire engine, is nearly completed, and the uniforms for the members of the Fire Brigade have come to hand. THE list of arrivals and departures for the quarter ended 31st December 1889, shows a nett increase to the population of the colony, of 54. The arrivals totalled 597, the departures 543. THE gentlemen trading together as Rason, Webster & Co., have dissolved partnership. The business will be carried on for the future by Mr. Webster, under the title of A. M. Webster & Co. SOME few issues back, we gave the rate which had been struck for 1879, in the municipality of Fremantle. The total sum due under this rato is £4,069. 3s. 4d. levied upon the rateable value of £48,830. FROM one of the many bushfires which have been burning between Perth and Fremantle during the last ten days, Mr. J. R. Jones' house narrowly escaped destruction. THE Hon. C. T. Mason, Major Pilkington, Mr. F. A. Bailey, and Mr. J. J. Harwood, were passengers to Geraldton by the Otway, which left Fremantle, last Sunday. BY the last mail, Mr. J. F. Stone received a communication from the Home Govern ment, confirming his appointment as Imperial Agent, and extending the period of his office for a further term of three years. A REGATTA was held at Albany, and though there does not appear to have been many events on the programme, the races were fairly well contested, and kept up the attention of the large crowd who had assembled. THE glove contest between Golden and Baily, for the Amateur Championship of Albany, ended after a severe struggle by the former, though appearing to be much the more skilful of the two, retiring from the ring. THE new rules of the English Grand National Hunt read funny at times. Ac cording to one rule "a loose horse that may pass the winning post first, shall be declared the winner if it was ridden at the last fence." How does this rule bear upon an occurence which took place at the last race meeting. During the absence in Perth of the Mayor of Geraldton, Mr. G. Shenton, the duties pertaining to the office were undertaken by Councillor C. P. Reilly. MR. S. HYMUS has yielded to the over whelming monetary pressure, due to the present unfavourable state of trade, and filed his petition on Thursday of last week. The amount of liabilities is set down at £7,184 1s. 10d. A NATIVE named Bob Palmer, employed at Messrs. Witenoom Bros' station, Nookawarra, had his hand severely injured by the bursting of a gun. Dr. Elliott performed the operation of amputation successfully, and so far, healing is pro gressing favourably. HEAVY rains have fallen lately up north, the Sherlock and Fitzroy are both in flood. As will be remembered, the Fitz roy, when running a banker, comes down from six to ten miles wide, therefore, the rains must have fallen with real tropical violence. THE death of Mrs. S. W. Viveash, widow of the late S. W. Viveash, so long the Resident Magistrate at Guildford, removes another of the fast diminishing number of people, whose existence binds us to the early days of the colony. The deceased lady had reached the ripe age of 78. BY telegrams published in another column, it will be seen that our delegates have met with a most cordial reception, and that, on the part of the Home Government, they have not encountered anything approach ing the appearance of opposition to the object of their mission. A NUMBER of officers belonging to the various volunteer corps of the colony, have been selected, associated with the com mandant, to arrange for the holding of a military tournament at Guildford, in the course of the next few months, probably during the Easter Holidays. FROM the office of the Victorian Express, we have received a copy of a new daily called the Morning Advertiser. It is struck off four times a week at present, but should sufficient support be received, it is intended to be issued every day except Sunday. We are glad to welcome this, the latest addition to the literature of the day. OPERATIONS have been suspended on the Amalgamated W. A. Coal Company's works, at the Irwin. The water came in so rapidly, both in the original shaft and in a newly selected one, as to cause the abandonment of further sinking. The contracter, Mr. Davy Davis, has been so unfortunate, as to have his thigh bone broken, through the fall of a tree. WE have recieved the following subscrip tions during the week : — Mr. M. Horan, Newcastle, 15s. ; Mr. W. Merry, Northam, 7s. 6d. ; Mr. Carmody, Newcastle, £1 10s. Od. ; Mrs. Hitchcock, Guildford, 7s. 6d. ; Mr. Stokes, Fremantle, 15s. ; Mrs. Gerrick, Fremantle, 15s.; Mrs. N. Johnnson, Fremantle, 7s. 6d. MR. ALFRED LEE, the well-known builder and contractor of the city, has added undertaking and funeral furnishing to his already extensive business. At the sale of Mr. T. C. Okely's Carriage factory a short time since, Mr. Lee was the pur chaser of the hearse, which is pannelled with plate glass, and otherwise, handsomely appointed. Mr. Lee purposes devoting his personal attention to this branch of his business. AS an outcome of the recent contest between Sullivan and Lambe, challenges have been issued, which, if accepted, will result in matches in which large sums are to be staked. And further, it is rumoured, amongst sports, that arrangements are being completed for the holding of a Champion Two Hours Walking Match in Perth at an early date, for a trophy and money prize. THE traffic returns of the Eastern Railway for the month ended Nov. 26th, 1889, have been issued, and the following items have been selected for publication. Passengers and parcels, £1,859 11s. ; goods £1,717 10s. 8d. total £3,517 1s. 8d., an increase of £622 11s. 10d. over the amount received in November 1888. The tonnage also, for the like corresponding months, shows the traffic to have been augmented by 933 tons 13 1/2 cwts. A YOUNG lad named Francis Baker, a pupil attending the Catholic Boys' School, Fremantle, died last Saturday. His death is said to have resulted from a fall while climbing a tall tree. A number of charitable ladies have formed a committee to collect subscriptions to defray the cost incident upon the funeral. Fortunately, sufficient time elapsed between the accident and death, to allow of a good religious preparation. R.I. P. JUDGING from the large number of entries received by the Secretary, Mr. B. McManus, for the Sheffield Handicap, the principal race on the programme, the Greenhills Annual Sports promise much enjoyment for the pleasure-loving people of the Eastern Districts.They are to be held on Wednesday next, the 12th instant. THE Queensland Australian has cast its chrysalis form, and now appears in a style worthy to take rank with the journals published in the Catholic interests, emana ting from Victoria and New South Wales. It is now issued in broadsheet form with 12 pages of well arranged local and foreign matter, and the advertising columns, the filling of which is so essentially necessary to the financial success of all journals, are, judging from appearances, the evidence of a large share of public support. We wish it every success. ONE of the officers of the H.M.S. Rambler, Lieutenant J. H. C. East, during the trip from Fremantle to Albany, sickened with fever, and remained at the latter place after his vessel had sailed. After a partial recovery, a relapse and sudden access of the fever set in, and carried him off. Captain Russell R.N., the Chief Harbor Master, with that kindness of heart which is so much a characteristic of his nature, went to Albany and did his utmost to alleviate the sufferings of the poor young fellow. MR. P. McKNIGHT, Chief Operator in Fre mantle Telegraph Office, was married last Tuesday week to Miss M. A. McCarthy, a daughter of Sergt. Major McCarthy, the Immigration Agent at the Port. Father Martelli officiated, and after the ceremony, which was witnessed by many friends of the bride and bridegroom, delivered a well thought out and kindly address to the newly married couple. Mr. and Mrs. McKnight have been the recipients of an address, accompanied by valuable gifts, from the staff of the Fremantle Telegraph Office, and also, one from the operators employed at the Perth Office. A SPECIAL feature of to-night's programme at the Palace Roller Skating Rink, will be the appearance for the first time in West Australia, of the renowned Mr. Wyman. This talented skater has per formed before the most distinguished personages in the four quarters of the globe, and everywhere, excited admiration by his marvellous evolutions. Amongst other feats, there is one in which he holds pre-eminence, and that is to skate upon his head. In the execution of this most difficult exhibition of his powers, he towers above all competitors, and is said to be the only man in the world who skates upon his head. The rates of ad mission have been fixed at prices which cannot fail to suit all classes, and visitors can be sure of a good evening's amuse ment. THE following is the handicapping for the Greenhills Sports, to be run on Wednesday, the 12th inst. :— Thos. Bourke 14 yds., W. Dudley 11, J. M. Carroll 13, W. Sheen 10, Jas. Bourke 13, H. Watson 12 1/2, J. Leadbeater 13, J. Thompson 13, J. Robertson 12 1/2, Thos. Carroll 12 1/2, T. Enright 14, J. Martin 11, T. Driscoll 8, J. Sermon 8, M. Camm 13, H. Sermon 13, H. Throssell 13, W. J. Donegan 5, J. Donegan 11, J. Moore 9, G. H. J. Leeder 8, J. Hayden 13, J. O'Dea 13, F. Kirk 7, J. Conway 11, J. Ashworth 12, P. J. Lawler 3 1/2, M. J. Lawler 9, F. E. Buckley 3, J. Buckley 11, J. Pilkington 12 1/2, P. Driscoll 14, G. Powell 15. 