THE WEATHER IN THE COUNTRY, TBY TELEGRAPH.] (PROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) BLAYNEY, MONDAY. A very heavy thunderstorm, with vivid lightning', passed over hera last night, 88 points of rain being registered. ,The weather is now close, with every ap I pearnnce of moro rain. Harvesting is almost completed in this district. An old resident states that this is the I best season for 32 years. . CAMDEN, MONDAY. Yesterday was intensely hot. In tho evening a thunderstorm arose, and rain fell. Light showers fell during last night and early this morning. This even- ing the weather has turned quito cool, and rain is now threatening. COBAR, MONDAY. The weather is exceedingly bot, and a change is threatening. CUDAL, MONDAY. The weather is vory hot, the thermometer being 100» in the shade on Saturday. A thunderstorm passed over last night, 38 points of rain falling. The farmers got nearly all their crops in with little or no damage. GRAFTON, MONDAY. The rainfall at Grafton last year was 41iu., which fell in 126 days. The weather to-day was very hot. The grass and the crops are beginning to fail for want of rain. ' -, GUNDAGAI, MONDAY. Yesterday was the hottest day of the season. Tha glass went up to 106- lust night. Several heavy thun- derstorms passed over. Tho weather to-day is pleasant. Bush Arcs have beon raging at liillabong for the past three days, and a quantity of grass has been burnt. No damagrt was dono to tho crops. The rainfall at Gundagai for the year 1889 was 30iin. KIAMA, MONDAY. On Saturday night, between 9 and 10 o'clock, a heavy storm of lightning, thunder, and rain passed over this district, and last evening, about the same hour, a simi- lar storm visited us. The rain that fell was very ac- ceptable to the people in both town and country. MOAMA, MONDAY. Tho temperature was 108 degrees in tho shade yes- terday. A few drops of rain fell at night. Tba weather is now fine and cool. The rainfall last year was20>l/in. MURRUMBURRAH, MONDAY. Yesterday was the hottest day here this season. .The thermometer registered 100' in the Bhade at the post-office. NEWCASTLE. MONDAY. A heaw thunderstorm burst over Newcastle at 6 o'clock this morning, which lasted some time. The showers were very heavy. The weather at present is showery. LATER. The weather is Bhowery, and a strong southerly . wind is blowing. PATERSON, MONDAY. Tho weather is intensely hot. The heat registered 101* in the shade yesterday. The atmosphere at pre- sent is smoky and hazy, caused by the close proximity of large bushfires. Steady rain commenced to fall at 7 a.m. to-day. Its continuance is boped for, as water is becoming very scarce in this district. WAGGA WAGGA, MONDAY. The weather is cooler to-day. Tho thermometer registered 90 dogreßä in the shade. The river is stationary at 3ft. ubovo summer level. The rainfall for the past 12 months amounted to 28-81 inches. Rain fell on 92 days. No rain fell in March, and only 81 points in July. The wettest month was May, when the fall amounted to 633 points. WILCANNIA, MONDAY. Tho heat during the past three days has been very severe. On Friday tho thermometer was 109' in the Bhaüo, on Saturday 110, and yesterday 112. The tem- perature on Friday and Saturday nights was 98'. Dark clouds gathered up at dusk yesterday, and a thunderstorm seomod imminent ; but it pnssed away. A light shower fell during tho night. To-day was moderately warm. The river reports to-day are unfavourable. At Mungundi it is 2ft., falling ; Namoi, 7ft. Gin., falling; .. while the gauge at Wilcannia shows 6ft. 3in., falling, at tho rate of Sin. a day. WINDSOR, MONDAY. The thermometer registered 110' in tho shade yester- day at the Windsor Observatory. Hoovy showers fell at intervals this afternoon, and the weather now appears to have broken. A heavy thunderstorm broke over the district yester- day afternoon, accompanied by vivid lightning. Very little rain fell till after midnight, and then splendid showers came. The rain is just in timo, and will do a great amount of good to the crops. WISEMAN'S FERRY, MONDAY. After a number of excessively hot dayB within the past fortnight, the heat reaching 105' in the shade, a very welcome change set in yesterday, when thunder- storms, accompanied by more or less heavy rain, passed over the Ferry, cooling the air and refreshing the parchod vegetation. The timely rain is of great value, as everything looks much revived, although the heat has set in again. The melon season has begun, and fine samples have beon shipped, though tho crop with some ia a fuiinre. WOLLONGONG. MONDAY. On Saturday night the heaviest, thunderstorm, ac- companied by vivid lightning and downpour of rain, passed over tho town. Last night a heavy thunder- storm expended itself some distance northward, followed by a strong wind, which to- day set tled into a southerly wind. The weather ia cold und lhere ia appearance of rain. N 