The inconvenience and loss which are constantly occurring from break of railway gauge are well-known to all who either travel or consign goods across the border. It is generally ad mitted, and as generally deplored, that a great mistake was made in fixing varying gauges in the'different colonies. At the same time it has been taken for granted that the evil must be borne with, because no single colouy would consent to incur the great expense of adapting her railway gauge to that of her neighbors. The growth of inter colonial traffic, and the probability of an early federal union of the whole continental group are, however, draw ing renewed attention to the mixed gauge difficulty, and in fact re-opening the question as to how that difficulty may be got over. The case of the advocates of an uniform railway gauge is simple enough. It sets forth that the inoonvenience and loss arising from different gauges is large, aud is constantly increasing; that transfer of passengers ,and goods at border stations is in other words waste of time and money to all concerned; that the evil complained of must soon grow to a pitch at which by common consent it will be regarded as in tolerable; that sooner or later—pro bably sooner—there will be an impera tive demand for uniformity of railway gauge, and that this demand will be hastened as to its occurrence, and powerfully supported by considerations arising out of the exigencies of Aus tralian co-operation for the purposes of defence. It is added that every year witnesses the addition of a considerable extra mileage to the various provincial systems, and correspondingly increases the dif ficulty and cost of making the necessary change. And, finally, it is agreed that as uniformity of gauge is really inevitable, an/i as it grows more difficult and expensive year by year, the reasonable and only prudent course is to set about the reform- with out deiay. The whole question is one which testifies powerfully, though in directly, to the growing need of Aus tralian union. Until lately the aver age resident of any one of the colonies more directly concerned was prone to take it for granted that, all inconveni ence and loss to the contrary notwith standing, every colony must, in rail way as well as in other matters, paddle its own canoe. It was always apparent that without some sort of federal un derstanding no improvement could be possible. As Victorians we should have treated with scant cere mony a suggestion that we should bring our great railway system into exact correspondence with that-of'New South Wales, and the senior colony would assuredly have listened with derision to any suggestion that she should pay Victoria a similar compliment. South Australia has the battle of the gauges to fight within her own borders, as a break occurs about midway in the great trunk line from Adelaide to the Barrier Ranges. Mr Eddy, chairman of the Railway Commission of New South Wales, has expressed an opinion that the only practical remedy for intercolonial rail way trouble is the adoption of an uni form gauge throughout Australia, and he indicates how, in his view, this uni formity could be gradually brought about, without causing so much incon venience or cost os is usually re garded as unavoidable. First of all he thinks an agreement should be come to by all the colonies concerned as to the terms and conditions under which the total cost of changing the gauge should be allotted to the various colonies. The financial question being settled, he would next call upon the Railway Commissioners of the various colonies to meet and decide which gauge should be adopted, whether the 5 feet 3 inch one of Victoria and part of South Australia, the 4 feet 8£ inch one of New South Wales, or the 3 feet 6 inch one of Queensland and the northern railways of South Aus tralia. .The cost of making the change would he much less formidable, says Mr Eddy, than people are wont to imagine, and would be more with alteration of rolling stock than with adapting the permanent way. An ex pert, speaking in terms like this, would probably hare the 4 feet inch gauge in mind as. the one ;to be ultimately chosen. But there are considerations which tell both ways. There would, for ex ample, be great difficulty in adapting rolling stock made for the 4 feet 84 inch gauge to one of 3 feet 6 inches, and'in the case of engines and tenders it would amount to almost reconstruc tion. Passengers and freight cars built for 5 feet 3 inch gauge could not well be altered to run on 3 feet 6 inch rails, and with engines the alterations demanded would be simply impracti cable. If alterations to rolling stock were the only or the chief consideration it were better to take the widest gauge and bring the others into line with it. When we come to consider permanent way the conditions are reversed, and the easiest and cheapest method would be to adapt all the Australian lines to the narrowest existing gauge. The choice of gauge should, however, not be determined by considerations of ease and cheapness only. It is certain that Victoria and New South Wales would never consent to reducing their lines to 3 feet 6 inches, and in South Australia there is a very strong feeling that the narrower gauge is a mistake, and vigorous effort has been made to exchange it for a wider one on the Broken Hill line which carries much heavier traffic. Three feet six 'being out of the question and-five feet three meaning reconstruction of the narrower gauge and heavy alteration of the medium one of 4 feet S4 inches, it is probable that strong inducements will offer themselves for the choice of this as the Australian railway gauge. Vic torian lines could be brought down to this, and the 3 feet 6 inches lines brought up to it without any very heavy cost, and the expense, whatever itmight prove to be, would be divided pro rata among the provinces concerned, New South Wales of course contributing a fair proportion. There is littl.e doubt that before long an uniform gauge will be regarded as a necessity on account of military requirements, commercial econoirn 7 , and general social expediency. And there is no question that the work will grow more formidable and the cost greater for every year of delay. There is therefore every reason why a serious attempt should be made to get it taken in hand. The first meeting of the new Health Board takes place to-day, and although little beyond formal busiuess is likely to be done, yet the occasion suggets an expression of an earnest hope that the new board will prove to succeed iu fulfilling not only its technical duties, but those wider obligations which should be associated, with its work. There is no need now to spend time in speculating whether the old Central Board would not have done all that is proposed to be done with the new, if it had been clothed with the needful executive authority. It is at least certain that the new one has all the powers it could reasonably ask for. And while it is the fashion to disparage the old board with all its works, and all its admitted failures, it is nevertheless true that under it, unarmed and unsupported as it was, much good work was done. It collected and diffused sanitary in formation of the highest value, thus giving every householder in the colony the .best available methods to prevent or mitigate disease. We know now that a large proportion of our population are too negligent or ill informed to apply the canons of health to their persons and their sur roundings. And so while the condi tions of malarial or epidemic disease were swept away from some doors, they remained festering at others, and greatly neutralised the work done by the more careful and well informed few. Compulsory legislation was clearly necessary, and the Parliament has seen fit to endow a new board with new and large powers, intending, without doubt, to introduce a new order of things. The colony can be congratulated on the composition of the new board. It is nothing that some, or perhaps many, of the elected and appointed members are new to the work which lies heforc them. They are, as we believe, with out exception men of wide experience, highly capable in a business point of view, and just the sort of men who are likely to take a large view of their duty, and do it' thoroughly. Their first endeavor will no doubt be to thoroughly master the provisions of the Act, and settle the details of the necessary executive machinery. This done, and the board fairly launched upon its way, individual members will have a chance of vindicating their election by the manner in which they attend to what may be termed their out-door work. And this includes per sonal inspection of every town, city, or shire in their respective districts, and to make themselves acquainted with the wants and special requirements of every part of them. And the members should not only be themselves well up in the provisions of the Act, but should be able to give information, explain difficulties, and correct errors for each and every local board in their district. There should be no justification anywhere for the .plea of ignorance as to the requirements of the Act, but on the other hand every effort should be made to kindle local enthusiasm for the work of sanitation. Truly the work is sadly in need 'of being done. Year after year hun dreds of useful and promising lives are cut down by the almost unchecked spread of typhoid and other epidemics. No one can estimate the loss to the community represented by the waste of these lives. ' But we know that, •with better sanitary regulations, the bulk of them might have been pre served, and that every consideration of humanity and Christian duty urges that our fatal indifference to sanitation be promptly and thoroughly swept away. To-morrow the Amended Health Act will enme into force. In this city steps will have to be taken under its provisions making it compulsory on the part of prupii-tors of houses to supply patent hermetically sealed pans' for the reception of nightsoil. When these are in use at all residences the un sightly and unsavory nigliteart will be abolished, as the sealed pans can be removed in the daytime without causing anj’ dis comfort. There are other matters, too, that it would be advisable for heads of families to make themselves acquainted with. It will be remembered that at the lust meeting of the City Council Cr Slioppee formulated a statement of works that it was alleged had been indifferently carried out under the supervision of the clerk of works (Mr Woods), and lmd had to be done over again. A meeting of the committee of the whole council was held yesterday to con sider the matter, when Mr Woods submitted a statement in answer to tiie charges. This, we understand, was regarded as satisfactory by- the councillors present. It will be brought before the next meeting of the council. The delay in the work of constructing tramways in Ballarat East having caused considerable irritation, Messrs Mnrpliy and Dunn, M’s.L.A., in their capacity as repre sentatives of the ratepayers in the munici pality, waited on the representatives of Messrs Ellison, Booth, and Cos. on Wednes day relative to the introduction of electric trams to Ballarat East. The interview lasted for a considerable rime, and it was finally arranged that something definite should be done shortly in the matter of the tram ways. We are informed on reliable authority that Archdeacon Julius has definitely decided that he will not leave Ballarat to take charge of the bishopric of Christchurch, New Zea land, until Dr Thornton, the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat, has returned to this city. Dr Thornton is expected to arrive about the second week in March. We are further informed that the vacancy in the aichdea conry at Ballarat will not be filled for at least another two months. Messrs Alex. Miller, outfitter, and Joseph Foster, timber merchant, have been nomi nated for the north ward vacancy in the Town Council. It is probable that Mr W. Scott, J.P., will contest the election, and it is expected that his nomination paper will b ■ lodged with the returning officer at the Town Hall to-day. Mr John Heinz will not enter the field for municipal honors on the present occasion. The.architects for the School of Mines are at present preparing plans for improvements to the prrs-.nt buildings, which are found too circumscribed to admit of the work of the classes and the institution being done ns satisfactorily as could be desired. It is in tended to expend about £6OOO in additions and-enlargements. The frontage will he altered altogether, and much more space than is at present occupied will be taken up by the new structure. The work will prob ably be entered upon iu a very short time. The recent severe heat, while unpleasanti had its advantages. While it lasted only some six or seven cases of typhoid fever were reported to the authorities, _ aud iu nearly every case it wus found that the patient had brought the germs from some other place. No soouer did- the change in the weather take place, however, than the local visitation commenced, and now two or three new cases are being daily repotted. Another brickfielder or two would probably at once reduce the average by killing the typhoid germs. The Public Health Board will hold its first sitting in Melbourne to-day. The meet ing will be an important one, as it will doubtless lay down the lines upon which future meetings will be conducted. Mr Little (mayor of the city) will attend ns the representative of the Western Boroughs group. The friends of Mr Robert Inglis, sales man for Messrs Charles Vaughan and Cos. will regret to learn of bis intended departure from;Ballarnt, owing to his having accepted an engagement with a Melbourne firm. During his residence in Ballarat Mr Inglis has made hosts of friends. He has beeu a prominent worker in the temperance cause, having been secretary to the Blue Ribbon Union since its. inception, and also secretary to the Excelsior Tent, 1.0. R., It is probable that before he is allowed to leave this city he will receive some recognition of the ser vices rendered by him. Miss Evans, a young Indy specially en gaged by the Educatiou Department for the purpose of teaching the Kindergarten system of tuition in the various centres of population, gave her first lesson at the Central State school yesterday morning. There was a large attendance of teachers, who attentively watched the lesson given to the infants, and took voluminous notes. Miss Evans will pay her next visit to Bal larat on Thursday, 13th February, when it is expected there will be a larger attendance, as the lesson is given for the benefit nf teachers from all State schools in and around Ballarat. Miss Evans’ course of lessons is given with the object of acquainting the teachers thoroughly with the system, so as to enable them to adopt it in the infant classes iu all the State schools. Mr Hugh Raverty’s new terrace, the site of which is on portion of the old Presby terian m.iuseground, is now out of tlie.hauds nf the contractors. The buildings, which have been coustructed at a cost of between £5OOO and £6OOO, form a beautiful architectural ornament in lydiard street. Each bouse in the terrace - is elaborately finished, no expense haring been spared in the putting in of fittings and the currying out of decorations. The iron balconies and palisadings in the front of the -terrace present a pretty ap pearance. Messrs James and Piper were the architects, and to them credit is due for the inauner iu which they have designed ami supervised the work of erection, it may be of interest to mention that each of the three houses in the terrace will bring- in a rental of £2 per week. We understand that the ad joining blocks of land will shortly be utilised for building purposes, so that before" long this portion of Lydiard street north will pre sent an exceedingly attractive appearance. Nominations for vacancies in the Ballarat Mining Board must be lodged with Mr Rowan, Clerk of Courts, to-day. Up ;o yesterday the nomiuations of Messrs W. G. Williams, T. Richards (retiring members), and R. Smith were lodged for the Ballarat division. As an evidence of the popularity of the Ballarat School of Mines in other colonies, tve are informed that two pupils have been entered from -New South Wales. One of these intends going through a three years’ course. The correspondence per R.M.S. Orizaba reached the Ballarat Post Office by special train from Adelaide at 10 o’clock yesterday morning. The first contract in connection with the erection of the new workshops and engine sheds at Ballarat East, a work costing £26,000, has just been completed, and will shortly be taken over by the Railway De- partment. This first portion of the building is a spacious and substantially built place, measuring 200 feet by 235 feet. The second contract, now in progress, provides for an extension further north to a distance of 85 feet, which is to cost another £17,500. The Railway Department are anxious to take over the finished portion of the building as soon as possible, and with this end in view are pushing on the work of laying down the lines in the yard. A good deal remains yet to be done, but very soon there will be a perfect network of rails leading into the sheds. Although at first it was con sidered that the foundations would be anything but very secure, it may be men tioned that’ everywhere the reef was sunk down to, no expense being spared, so that there need be very little fear on this score. The principal part of the work has been done on the ground, the ironwork, with the exception of the supporting pillars, being all turned out from the shop erected in the yard. This means a great deal, considering that throughout the building the total amount of iron used will be something like 300 tons, which has all been imported direct in the rough state. The place is well lighted by side windows and roof lights, while the floors are cemented, between 1500 and 1600 barrels of cement being required for this purpose. The second contract for the north extension is being pushed forward, and another two months will see it com- pleted. Some 50 or 50 workmen are now employed on this. Although the building has been greatly dignified by the name of the Ballarat East Workshops, the name is certainly a misnomer. The principal portion consists of an engine-shed, measuring 200 feet by -320 feet, witli two turntables, and room for 52 engines. The " workshop" is an attach some 80 feet square, with accommodation for two engines, with hydraulic rams in the pits to aid in the wmk of repairing. In addition, there are offices for the foremen, and also a reading room and bathroom for the comfort of the men employed. The contractor, Mr W. Barker, has carried out all the work in a must faithful manner, and the structure will be a credit to him. The election of Archdeacon Julius, of Bal- larat, as Bishop Harper’s successor in the see of Christchurch (says the New Zealand . correspondent of the Argos) is not valid and complete until it shali have been confirmed by a majority of the standing committees of the various New Zealand dioceses. 'I he matter can only be submitted to the com mittees by the Primate, and there is no per son absolutely recognised as holding that office. The Bishop of Nelson, as senior bishop, has assumed the Primacy to be vacant, and has issued his mandate to the various dioceses for their standing com mittees to consider the election of a bishop of Christchurch. The dioceses of Welling ton and Dunedin, ami, I believe, also of Waiapu, have declined to obey the Bishop of Nelson’s mandate, as they contend that he has no right to issue it, the Bishop of Wellington being the duly elected Primate. Hence the consecration of Archdeacon Julius is likely to be deferred indefinitely, ns it cannot legally proceed until the point is settled who is Primate de facto as well as de jure. ,- English cholera is prevalent-in Ballarat at present, and several well-known residents a-e laid up with the complaiut. Anew syphon that has been spoken of very Uglily by experts, has been patented by Mr Cameron, foreman of works under the Water Commissioners. The syphon is said tube most simple in form and to do its work most effectively. There is a feeling in Ballarat East that the classification of the local post ami tele* graph is somewhat low. It is thought that the office should be at least two grades higher on the list of classifications. An official announcement is made to tiie effect that Mr E. S. Outtrim, the postmaster at Ballarat East, has been promoted to the charge of the Culuc office, and his place in Ballarat East will he filled by the transfer of Mr T. Swan, of St. Armuul. The following accident cases were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—Alfred G. Rooley, a boy 15 years of age, whose parents live in Peel street, incised wound of the bead, the result of a fall from a horse; Lucy Scott, a girl 17 years of age, daughter of parents living in Creswick road, inflimma tion of the lubticatiug membrane of the knee, the result of a fall down stairs, ad mitted; J. H. Richardson, a middle aged man, residing in South street, fracture of the big toe, the result of kicking a dog. The advisability of persons intending to bathe in public baths handing over to the caretaker any valuables they may have was shown this week. A young man named Harry Kane, when dressing after a switn at the town baths, Ballarat, fuund that a silver hunting Waltham watch had been taken Irom his pocket while he was iu the water. Tiie theft has been reported to the police. At the Town Mission Hall last night Mr Martin Hosking delivered a lecture on “ My visit to Cairo, Bouluk, Pyramids, and Sak karah.” There was a very large attendance. Mr M. Morgan presided. The lecturer, who was well rreived, commenced his address by referring to the population of Egypt, which is fi.SOO.OOO, and then spoke of its ancient history, which datrd back to the very earliest times. He next dealt with Port Said, the population nf which is 21,000, comprising Arabs, Greeks, and other castes. Mr Hosking next gave some interesting in formation regarding the canal and its traffic, ami then went on to speak of Ismalia, its trade, uud customs of the inhabitants. . Re ference Was subsequently made to Cairo and other places through which the lecturer travelled. A brilliant description was given of the Pyramids, the Nile, and other places celebrated in history. Mr Hosking, who was frequently applauded, concluded by dwelling on the Bible associations of the pluces touched on in his lecture, his remarks being interspersed with quotations from Scripture. During tiie evening the Town Mission choir rendered a number of selec tions appropriate to the occasion. The pro ceeds of this lecture, like those of the pre ceding lecture, are to be devoted to the Town Mission picnic fund, towards which the chairman last evening donated £l. Votes of thanks brought the proceedings to a close. On next Saturday evening, at the Galloway Monument in Sturt street, Mr Hosking will deliver a brief address on “Rome.” The new term has commenced at the School of Mines, and the classes are all rapidly filling. It is expected the number of pupils will be greater than at any previous first term. Many iu Ballarat will iegret to learn of the sudden deatli of Mr J. \Y. Bruce, in years gone by well known as the landlord of the Aiielphi hotel, Sturt street. Deceased, who was father-in-law of Mr W. Bennett, jnn., watchmaker, of Bridge street, was highly esteemed in a large circle of acquaint ances. He died a Numurkali, where he lias carried on the business of licensed victualler for some years. On Wednesday, at St. Paul’s Church, Bal larat East, Miss Florence S. Chamberlain, daughter of Mr E. W. G. Chamberlain, of tiie firm of Messrs Phillips and Chamberlain, Lydaird street, was married to Mr W. B. Fishwick. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Canon Mac Murray, M.A., in tiie presence of a large assemblage. The brides maids were the Messrs Chamberlain (3), Fishwick, and Drew, and the groomsmen Messrs Chninberlain (4), brothers of the bride. Mr James Fishwick acted as best man. Mr Bailey, sen., officiated at the organ. The bride was attired in very hand some white cashmere, prettily trimmed with lace and ribbons to match, with wreath, veil, and orange blossom. After the cere mony the wedding breakfast was partaken of at the residence of the bride’s parents. The Rev. Mr Mac Murray occupied the chair, and several tnasts suitable to' tiie occasion were honored. The newly- married couple left by the afternoon train ' fur Queeoscliff, arid a large number of friends were at the station to see them off. A social was held in the evening by the friends of the bride and bridegroom. Mr M‘ln tyre, of Bridge street, was the caterer,, and carried out his duties iu a very satisfac tory manner. To-morrow evening Mr Frank Lincoln, a monologue entertainer, will open a short season at the Mechanics’ Institute. Wher ever he has appeared Mr Lincoln h is at tracted large audiences. He- iias a style peculiarly Ins own, and his comic recitations are said to be inimitable. One of the jour nals, in criticising big perform nice, speakß of him as “ a whole company iu himself.” His mimetic powers are wonderful. Alto gether the eutertaiuiiient is one that cannot fail to please, and large audiences shonld be the order of the day, or night. The half-yearly prize distribution of the Redan State school took place on Tuesday last. The chairman of the Board of Advice (Mr Hughes) was present, and handed the awards to the successful pupils, subsequently making a few remarks to-the different classes. He warmly eulogised Mr Whyte and his staff for the success which had at tended their work, aud wished them a con tinuance of the same. The harmony that exists between the teachers and scholars was very evident to him, aiid he could not conclude his remarks without making- special mention of it. The report of the head teacher went to show that the Fchool still upholds its prestige, the percentage at the last examination being the highest yet ob tained. After the usual votes of thanks to Mr Hughes, for his lively interest in the school, aud Mr Jermyn for his customary and always acceptable gift of lollies to the infants’ room, the proceedings terminated. There was another light business sheet at the-Town Police Court yesterday. Mary Ami Parker proceeded against Raymond Levett on a charge of using insulting words in a railway carriage. The parties are resi dents of Warreuheip, and it appeared that the objectionable words were used while they were travelling by railway from Balla rat to the township. Mr T. Maun appeared for the plaintiff, snd Mr Wanliss for the de fendant. The bench imposed a fine of £2, in default one week in gaol; with £3 costs. Thomas O’Brien, who had been arrested by Constable O’Connor, was remanded to ap pear at the i.Gordon Court on a charge of stealing property, valued at £1 5", from the dwelling of John Wright. Eight appeals against municipal valuations were on the list, but only four were heard, the others having b p cn settled. Evidence for the Town Coun cil was given by R. Coxon Young, Mr Hud son, and Mr Fraser, town clerk, valuer, and rate-collector respectively. A number of small debt cases completed the list. An interruption occuired on Wednesday on the Port Darwin telegraph line, beyond Alice Springs, and the cable messages were being sent via Roebuck Bay,, Western Aus tralia. At the time of our going to press none had been received. A list of master bakers who have agreed to union terms will be fouud advertised in an other column. A half-caste lad named Frederick Wan- Hin was arrested in Ballarat East lust night by Constable Smith ou a charge of stealing peanuts belonging to Ah Kee. The accused was lodged in the Town lockup. A few days since a fast-trotting dark bay mare was stolen from Mr John Moore, a farmer living at Millbrook. The matter has been reported to the police. We understand that proceedings are to he taken against a butcher residing in the city for an infringement of the Health Act. The prosecution has arisen through a complaint made by a resident in the vicinity of the pre mises. There are on view in .the window of the establishment of Messrs Susman, Kornb'um, and Cos., Bridge street, a beautiful collection of stuffed birds, nicely arianged in a glass case. In the same window is also to he seen a stuffed fox.' The birds and fox were stuffed by Mr Ernest Stocks, jun., who is to be complimented on the excellence of his workmanship. A Chinaman named Ah Nang was brought before the City magistrates yesterday inoru ing, charged with having, on the 2lst inst., at Derwent Jacks, ignited inflammable material near grass land, whereby Govern ment property was destroyed. The accused, it appears, lighted a fire on the date men tioned, but allowed it to spread to the ad joining grass. The result was a bushfire, which travelled over about 100 acres of Crown lauds, and'it was only by dint of. considerable exertion on the part of neigh bors that the house, haystacks, and other property of a- resident, Mr Al'Lean, were saved. Ah Nang was remanded to appear at Scarsdale ou the 6rh February. Two inebriates, named Henry Watson and Georee Hunter, were each fined £l, in default seven days’ imprisonment. The Smythesdale Fire Brigade intend giv ing the inhabitants an afternoon’s amuse ment on Monday next, 3rd February, in the ■ form of engine events for four men and one man respeclively, for silver medals, the gifts of Mr A. Young, M.L.A.,; Mr C. A. Welch, Baliarat; Mr A. T. Thompson, Bal larat; Captain Lynclq and ex Captain Hart. A ball will be held in the evening, at which the medals will be presented to the success ful competitors. As Mounted constable Tucker, stationed at Woodend, was cleaning his - revolver, which was loaded, a cartridge accidentally exploded as he was in the act of replacing the chamber block. The bullet struck.the inside, of his leg near the knee. Dr Faulkner was telegraphed for from Kyneton. The police have discovered the mother of the child whose remains were found by two boys under Sheriff’s bridge at Castleinnine on Tuesday evening. On Wednesday afternoon Constable Britt was informed that a Airs Alarquison, residing at Uyttleton - avenue, had, on Saturday, written to Dr Reid, ask ing him to supply her with certain medicines, and his suspicions being aroused he (Britt) interviewed thu woman. She deuied being implicated in the matter at first, but after wards confessed that she was confined on Friday night. There was no person with her at the time, and the child, which only cried once, was smothered during birth. Being a poor woman, she did not want to go to the expense of a funeral, so she wrapped the body up in a piece of oilcloth, and buried it under Sheriff’s bridge, where it was found The accused was then arrested upon a charge of concealment of birth. At n magisterial en quiry regarding the case the record was that there was no evidence to show when or from what cause the child died. Complaints appeared recently in the press complaining of delay in the Chief Secretary’s department in dealing with the half-yearly account for salaries due to electoral regis trars. Mr Wilson, the Under-Secretary, explains that the principal cause of delay is that the municipal clerks have not furnished to the Government Statist the population statistics of their several districts, although some of them have been written to several times. There are nbnut 100 accounts still held back for the want of the necessary population statistics. The officers in the Education Department who are senior to Mr S. J. Swindley (says the Argus) do not intend to quietly acquiesce in the selection of that gentleman by the Minister of Education as superintendent of the Training Institute. Mr Robert Craig, M.A., LL.B , Mr Clias. Ly nan, M.A.. LL.B., and Mr Alfred Curlewis, M.A., LL.B , will each make formal application to the Public Service Board for the appoint ment. . The board has not yet been asked to nominate an officer for the position, but when it is called upon to make a nomination, it will have to consider whether it can pass over the claims of these gentlemen in order to give effect to tlie recommendation of the Minister. A painful accident (says the P. G. News) occurred at Stawell North on Wednesday morning to a boy named Thomas, aged about nine years, son of Mr Thomas Thomas. The little fellow-, it appears, found some powder in a tin and put a lighted match to it, with the result that an explosion occurred, caus ing severe, injuries to both of his eyes, in addition to nasty bruises about the face. At the conclnsiou of Wednesday’s local police court, the- necessary papers (says the Daylesford Advocate) were signed, &c.;, in connection w ith an application for a pension. The applicant was Mr David Tattersall, of Bryce’s Flat, Hepburn, who in the year 1546 enlisted in one of the regiments of dragoons in the United States army, and after going through the Mexican war was honorably discharged. Fiom the diachaige placed be fore the police magistrate, we learn that Mr Tattersall is a native of Yorkshire, England, he was a maltster by trade, and at that time was 27 yeais of age, and under anew Act he is therefore entitled to a pension. Mr Geake had charge of the application, and the documents are to be forwarded to Mel bourne. Yesterday afternoon Plain-clothes Con stables Gleeson and C-.rter (says the Tele graph) arrested a Mrs Julia Al'Namara, wife of the licensee of the Grosvenor hotel, Gri-svenor street, Abbotsford, on a charge of larceny. A giri named Matilda M‘Donald complained to Sergeant Devine, of Colling wood, that she had until recently been in Mrs Al'Namara’s employes a domestic ser vant. After she left her situation she searched her luggage aud missed several articles of jewellery and wearing apparel. The police seat cited the hotel and found the missing property in the possession of Mrs M’Naumra, and she was taken into custody. Accused was admitted to bail, to appear at the local court on Friday next. Coal discoveries are so frequently made iu the Otway Fureyt that but little attention is paid to leports of this character, but it is w hispered (says the Reformer) a more im portant one than usual has recently been made. The site is within 10 miles of Cnlac, the coal being said to be of a superior quality, aud there are indications of the ex istence of a large quantity of it. Ouly a few gentlemen are as yet interested in the find, but these are quite enthusiastic over it and very reticent. At the aunual meeting of the Irish National League, Sydney, on Monday, the balanc ;-sheet showed that the receipts, in cluding the contributions to the ‘lrish Envoys’ Fund, amounted to upwards of £ll,OOO, that £9OOO had been paid to the Special Envoys’ Fund, £5OO to the Evicted Tenants’ Fund, aud £lOOO to the Parnell Indemnity Fund. A hope was expressed at the meeting that the New South Wales con tributions to the Irish Special Fund would be brought up to £ll,OOO, and that the total amount sent from Australia would reach £35,000. Dr Gressweli, of Loudon, the newly-ap pointed Government sanitary engineer, has cabled to Mr Gillies, in ausu er to an enquiry made of him as to whether the influenza epi demic which has existed throughout Europe during the past few months was likely to be transmitted to the colonies through the medium of letters or other mail matter. The enquiry was.made at the instance of the Ceutral Board of Health, which had under consideration the advisability, as a precautionary measure, of ordering all letters and general mail'matter arrivingior Europe to be fumigated. • Dr Gresawell states that germs of the disease may be- transmitted through the mails or other packages sent tc the colonies. The subject (says the Age) has been referred to the new Board of Health. A prisouer named Matthew - Langtin, under remand at Rockhampton ou a charge of false pretences, has gallantly saved the life of a boy who had fallen nff.ia raft. A week ago he saved the life of the constable who arrested him. Both men were swimming a flooded river, and the constable would in evitably have been drowned but for the action of Langtin. Dr Smiter on Saturday was examining the body of an old woman at Orange, in New South Wales. The doctor found a slight pulsation, and on applying the usual restora tives the woman recovered,. but died ou Tuesday. A Sydney telegram published in the Argus says:—“ The statement reflecting upon the methods adopted by the Wesleyan mis sionaries at Fiji, which was attributed to Monsignor Vidal, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Fiji, has been disclaimed by that digni tary, who says he never wrote, or caused anyone to write anything having reference to the Wesleyan Conference in Fiji.” The codlin moth is doing considerable damage in the Central Cumberland orchards (reports the Sydney Telegraph). At Seven Hills, Fairfield, Dundas, Pennant Hills, aud other parts of this fruit-growing district, apples are lying under the trees in thousands. It is no exaggeration to say that thousands of pounds will be lost through the depreda tions of this pest alone in the country. As an instance, in one or chard at Dundas, where last season 1000 eases of apples were picked,, the owner does not expect to get 200 cases this season. The trees, as a rule, have good, crops, but before they are matured the moth ciuses the fruit to drop off. The most singular and most alarming death from electricity yet reported (writes the New York correspondent of the Loudon Standard on 15th December) occurred to day. A fireman named .Sullivan, employed by the Manhattan Electric Light Company, turned the valve with his right hand while carrying a 16-oandle incandescent lamp in • his left hand. Sullivan was working entirely alone. When the next person entered he was fouud quite dead, and had evidently - been dead some for time. His face had been roasted by contact with the steam coil. The electric burns on his body showed that the current had passed through him from the left hand to the right ear. Nothing further is known, but it appears to be indisputable that Sullivan was killed by a current of 120- volts, which has hitherto been considered harmless, conducted through a slender flex ible wire deemed incapable of transmitting a fatal shock. The lamp was broken, and had an abraded insulation. This, however, is scarcely an adequate explanation, aud wholly insufficient to reassure the peopls who are accustomed to handle the little pear-shaped globes without ceremony. The removal of the wires for the streetlights as a public nuisance began yesteiday, promptly upon the removal of the injunction which the companies had temporarily obtained in order to protect their property. Several miles of wire were ruthlessly chopped down; SO,OOO miles still remain, supported ou 15,000 - poles. A serious famine has, according to report, br->ken out in Austria’s great Polish province of Galicia. In IS districts of that province the crops of the season have been entirely lost. The harvest was, moreover, very bad in 4S other distiicts. Only in 23 districts did the peasantry get enough food for them selves and their live stock for the winter. It. is announced that in many places the peasants are kilting their horses rather than see them starve. Nearly 100,000 horses are said to have already been thus destoryed, and their carcases sold as manure. In some parts there are large heaps of bodies of horses now lying on the roadside. In one district 1500 horses are said to have been sold at the price of 6d a head to a manufac turer of compost, as the railway rates are ton high to make the export of the emaciated animals pay. The turn has uow come for slaughtering the milch cows, as there is no fodder for them to eat. The peasants them selves are feeding on oatcakes. Thousands are hurrying to Russia in the hope of find ing a subsistence for the winter. What truth there nmy be in these reports cannot at present be said. It looks, at all events, su- picious (says the Vienna correspondent of the Standard), that the news comes with such suddenness, and that nothing was heard of this famine till grants were demanded in the Reichsrath for the relief of the Galicians of those districts where the previous harvest had failed. We are advancing in electricity (says the Telegraph), and at the present rate we shall shortly have wires in the street as death dealing as those of the United States, whose victims are now counted by the score. Yesterday, as usual when there is a high wind, the telephone wires in the city became wound round one another, creating what is technic illy known as a “ cross.” Last night the “ crossing” was so bad that hearing at the telephone was next to impossible, owiug to the roaring sound emitted by the receiver. On one wire connected with the Exchange this was most marked, aud on enquiring by another souica of the operators as to the cause, we were informed that the line was crossed with an electric light wire, and it was dangerous to remain at the instrument. Telephoning at any time is no better than it ought to he, hut when there is a chance of being killed instantaneously in the middle of a conversation, because the wire may touch an electric light cable, anew terror is added. 