ORIGINAL POETRY. THE OLD GUM. Bland here; -be has once been a grand old gum; tet It makes one reflect that the time trill conio When weallshall have had our fling. Tet the time eoon passes, we soarce know how; Ton would hardly think, to see him uow, Thai be oooo had been a king. In his youth, In the silence ot the wood, A forest ot saplings round him stood, But he overtopped tbem all; And orer their heads, through the forest shade, lie oould see how the sunshine danced and played. So straight ho grew, and ao tall. - Bach day of his life brought something new— The breeic stirred the bracken,-the dry leaves flew, The wild bird )«ssed on the wing. ,De beard tho low, sad song of the wood, His childhood was passed in solitude, - And he grew—and became a king. Oft has he stood in the stormy night, When the long forked flash has revealed to sight The plain, where the floods were out; When the wind came down like a hurricane. And the branches, broken and snapped in twain, Were scattered and strewn about Oft, tinged by the reddening bush-fire glow, When clouds of smoke, rolling up from below, Obscured the sun like a pall; When the forest 6eemed like a flaming sea, And down came many a mighty tree, Has he stood firm through it all. Those days of his youth have lODg gone by ; The magpie's note and the parrot's cry, As borne on the evening wind, Reoall to hie thoughts hie childhood flown, Old memories fresh, yet faintly blown, Of the youth he has left behind. On the brow of the bill he stands to-day, But the pride ot his. life has passed away, His leaves are withered and seer; And oft at night comes a sound of woe, As be swings his tired limbs to and fro, And laments to the bleak night air. He can still look down on the plain below. And his head is decked by the sunset glow With a golden crown of light And from every field, as night calls them home, To his spreading arms the magpies come, To shelter there (or the night One by one his branches decay and die, One by one be sees them fall and lie, And slowly fade at his iect; But still, though the tale of bis days is told, The stern old monarch will bravely hold To the life that has been so sweet Some night, when the waters rage and swell, lie will hear the thunder roll his kneil, And will bow his head to the ground. And the birds from their nests will wheel in air, And the rabbits burrow deeper in fear. At the atmosphere-rending sound. And the magpies must find another home; Ho more at the sunset will they come To warbie their evening song. Ah, well 1 our sorrow is quickly flown Foi the good old friends wc have loved and known, And their place will be filled ere long. PANDORA. 