Brevities. Druids meet on Wednesday. Oddfellows meet on Tuesday. Floods are anticipated in the Bega district. A real live Presbyterian Bishop at Penrith. Dr. Shand has resumed practice in Penrith Read the Sydney Boot Company's price list. Parisian laundry at St. Marys. See advertisement Handicap footrace and quoit match at Tattersall's Hotel grounds to-day. The Quetta carried a number of letters posted in Sydney for foreign ports. Entries for the Penrith Rowing Club's annual regatta takes place to-day. Beach is of opinion that O'Connor will not be fast enough for our best men. Egan's £20 Sheffield handicap will be run at Wallerawang, next Saturday. Clearing out sale in Henry-street, Monday at 2 p.m. No reserve. See advt. Sports at Wheelwright's Arms Hotel grounds to-day. Big programme of novelties. Monster sale of cattle and horse at T. Smith's sale yards next Saturday. See advt. Mr. H. M. Stanley is expected to arrive in London some day between the 15th and 20th inst. A supplementary list of subscriptions to the Nepean Cottage Hospital appears in this issue. W. Nicholls of Windsor wishes to make a pigeon hooting match with L. Gersback of St. Marys. Tenders Cor furniture for Nepean Cottage Hospi- tal, will be received up till Tuesday, 18th March. Concert in aid of Nepean Cottage Hospital next Thursday at Towle's Assembly Hall Emu Plains. The colliers who were on strike in North Wales have temporarily resumed work on the old terms. Captain Sanders, of the Quetta, believes that the vessel lies broadside in about 20 fathoms of water. The inquest on W. C. Shaw, killed on Tuesday at Oakey Park Colliery, Lithgow, has been adjourned. Mr. Henry George was received and welcomed by the Mayor of Sydney at the Town Hall on Thurs- day. Half of the shipment of Camden butter, sent to London by the R.M.S. Orient, has realised from 104s. to 106s. Sale of booth, cake stalls, &c.;, for St. Patricks Day's sports at Wheelwright's Arms, on Monday next at noon. Dr. Fisher, the Melbourne medical man accused of performing an illegal operation, was remanded for a fortnight. Three men were caught redhanded in Melbourne on. Monday, smuggling whisky from the wrecked ship Holyhead. A meeting was held at Narandera on Tuesday, at which a resolution was carried, forming a meat- freezing company. Charles M'Mahon, six years of age was accidently shot dead by a playmate, Thomas Wilson, at Bulga Creek on Saturday. The date of the race for the aquatic champion- ship of the world between Kemp and Matterson has been fixed for April 25. Two boys were drowned at Petea (N.Z.), on Mon- day, while endeavouring to rescue a comrade who had got out of his depth. Serious bush fires are reported from various parts of New Zealand. The drought during the past month is unprecedented. Prince Bismarck had actually resigned the Imperial Chancellorship, but resumed offier at the bequest of the Emperor of Germany. A jockey named Thomas Baxter was thrown from his horse and killed at the back of the Flemington racecourse on Friday last. The Rev. T. E. Clouston, B.A., has been elected by a large majority as Moderator for the Presbyterian Church of New .South Wales. The Forth Bridge, one of the greatest engineering accomplishments in the world, has been opened for traffic by the Prince of Wales. Four persons have been killed and fourteen others injured in a railway accident in England, caused by a brake failing to act when applied. The Paddington Protection Association challenges Mr. Henry George to meet Mr. John Norton in a debate on "Protection v. Single tax." The English employers have acceded to the de- mands made by 1000 cement- workers on the Med- way for an increase of 10 percent. on their wages. In Melbourne on Friday last John Hassett and Francis Dela Veiliesse were sentenced to death for wounding Constable Vizaud with intent to murder him. The Sportsman says that the Australian cricket team which has been selected to proceed to England is far from representing the strength of Australian cricket. The Times says an enquiry should be made. as to whether the officers and the crew of the steamer Quetta were not saved at the expenses of the pas- sengers. W. Vine, who was defeated by O. Holller, last Saturday in a boat race is not satisfied, and wants to make another match. Hollier will close at once so it is stated. Tommy Ryan, the notorious aboriginal desper- ado. was charged at the Grafton Police Court on : Monday, with the attempted murder of Constable Hadley, and remanded. The Premier of Victoria has invited the Govern- ments of the other colonies to send representatives to the military and naval conference to be held in Melbourne after Easter. A monster sale of cattle takes place at Mamre sale yards, St. Marys, on Saturday, March 22nd. There will be altogether upwards of 100 head, and all are for positive sale. A miner, named William Cornishshaw met with a shocking death at Oakey Park Colliery on Tues- day morning, owing to a tub which had been lowered down a shaft falling upon him. For the convenience of buyers, Messrs. Morse & Cox's saIe of cattle, will take place on Saturday, 22nd, at Mamre, St. Marys, instead of Tindale's yards, as previously advertised. The suburban councils on the Illawarra line are petitioning the Government to consider the con- struction of a reservoir at Hurstville, so as to supply water to the higher levels of the district by gravi- tation. Sovereigns and half sovereigns coined before the reign of Queen Victoria, which are not defaced or fraudulently impaired, will be exchanged at the Sydney Mint at their full nominal value up to the 31st inst. The Fuji Court had two cases before it on Friday last in which municipal elections were disputed, the one being with respect to the election of Mayor of Ashfield and the other of an alderman for East Ward, Leichhardt. On Friday last Messrs. Richardson and Wrench sold portions of Mr. S. E. Lees' estate at Spring- wood (Lawson's Grant) at £20 per acre. They also sold two allotments of the Staveley estate, Blackhealh for £90. One of Penrith's Aldermen spent some time in the lock-up oh Wednesday. During the night he had an altercation with another prisoner, and the lock-up keeper had to threalen to chain the alder- man up. He got quieter after that. Speaking at a meeting at Lithgow on Saturday Mr. Hoyle, president of the Railway and Tramway Association said they were trying to federate the whole of the Australian railway men, and hoped to hold their first senate next August. A bill for legal services bus been received by the Parramatta Council amounting to £460. According to Alderman Taylor, this has been accumulating twenty-seven years or so, and the ratepayers have never dreamed a penny of it was owing. The Mayor of Sydney has received a petition ur- ging him to select the site at the bottom of Liver- pool-street, for the proposed new fruit market. Possessing access to the railway and water frontage, it is consended it is the best suited for all sections of the trade. A railway accident, which resulted in injury to two passengers - Mr. Barnsdale, of the firm of Barnsdale and Hicks, of New Zealand, and Collis, a contractor-occurred at Quaker's Hill, two miles from Blacktown. on Wednesday afternoon. It oc- curred through the engine leaving the rails. At l'arrainatta Couneil meeting.-The 'Mayor : " Alderman. Taylor, resolution No. 10, in vour name, is 9ut of order." Ahlcnnan Tav.'or- -'Anv ronsou V \ The Mayor : " No reason." Alderman laylor : «,£o"re right, Mr. Mayor., A wise man gives a deuA*oi), but a fool gives.his'reason." In connection \yith the loss of the .Qiietta, the exact position ot the wreck has been proved'bSVond' reospiiablu doubt, H has been p.oyed chat she went down, about the place indicated by Pitot .. veatnig, and a coiisiden;ble'dislaijcb from tlio Mid St|ick.'"1 * w^.oi;;fii4#t .supjK«ed;to .'.'.'^;, 