THE MERCURY. HOBART: THURSDAY, DEO. 4. 1890. EPITOMB OF NEWS. Cable receipts increasing. Trial Harbour mooring« now safe. Bazaar at Gould's Country to-morrow. Entries for Saturday's yacht races close at 4 o clock thin afternoon. Arnold-Barnett Concert Temperance Hall to-night 1 Nominations close to-day for annual vacan- cies in Rural Municipal Councils. , -( (, i 4 Fedoral Council expected to' meet en January 20. , , ' J Street corner 'larrikin, named Homer, sent to gaol for two months yesterday. Treasuror has returned to town ; Minister of Lands expected on Saturday. Circular from Rev. John Storie tot Presby- terian Church of Tasmania published. The Treasurer starts on Friday for N.W. Coast, returning following Tuesday. Mr. J. W. Johnson announces himself aas, candidate for municipal honours.' " "" ' i Supplementary bawar in aid of fund« Der- went Rowing Club, Town Hall, Tuesday next , (,1'c ,-|(; u 1 Inquest on body of Gunner Laing yester- day; verdict, suicide whilst temporarily insane. 1 Chemists are required to renew licenses, under Distillation 'Prohibition 'Amendment Act during present month. [ Field trial ef harvesters at Bridgewater yesterday successful : Hormby, 1 ; Mccor- mick 2; Wood, 3. i j | , i, t ? Mr. J. Taylor, Bellerive, requisitioned, and has consented to become I candidate for «eat iu Clarence Municipal Council, .,_? j Successful' sale of work: In "ÍTOF St. Andrew's Sabbath School |Fund yesterday. Sale continued to-day. , London wool prices slightly improving. j Silvor has again dropped in price five eighths of a penny per oz. I Increase of pay to be granted London police.' ' I ' . ' rill' I Tuesday's fire in Sydney has .caused a loss of £300,00». , ' i Parnell controversy still'raging with no decisive result, | Auitrallan Land Companies offering Gene- ral Booth lands for his nsw colony. ' Conference of delegates from Rastrallan mining unions now sitting In Melbourne. I Wm. Midwinter, the well-known oricketer, died in Kew Asylum yesterday. Victorian Premier says hi« Government will strenuously oppose the Booth colonising scheme. , , . . . ¡ . Katoomba, new Australian cruiser, hu successfully stood ber (rial trip of eight boura. Treasury Secretary, United State«, recom- mends re-coinage of accumulating «tiver to extent of nineteen million dollars. Lord Salisbury ia introducing a new Factory Bill for the protection of women and ohildroni . Statiouholders in Cobram district, New South Wales gi>pu ijp their runs, driven out by frequent bushfires and the rAb,blts. British-India and Queensland Agency Co. give i'ijOO to employees who remained faithful during recent strike., . " i The proposed Mineral and Metallurgical Exhibition, under the auspices of the Im- perial Instituto, lind» favour with Agents General. , , , , r. . Prahran tobacconist yesterday met with dire misfortune. .Driving off burglars from his premisos with a revolver a kerosene lamp upset, and premisos and stock were desiroyod. Tho burglars escaped. The Australasian Statistics ' which have just been issued by Mr. Coghlan, Government Statistician of New South Wales', for'the year' 18Í&-90, afford us the means of showing the progress that has been made by the Parent Colony during the last 30 yearà/ ¿ince1 Jhtf ' separation of Queensland. These statistics are time', because tVe're'is al 'set of 'persons in Sydney whose 'delight appears to be to disparage their'own colony. One or two of these persons, 'who we need hardly say are protectionists, have gained admission to some English periodicals, in wliich they have endea- voured to show that New South Wales is practjoally ruined by the free-trade policy which she has followed, whilst Victoria has flourished like the bay tree under the fosteiingshelter of a pro- tective policy which year by year grows in width and in height. To those who know the two colonies it is not neces- sary to say that the Working man < in one. appears tp be at least as well off as in the other, whilst if we take the evidence of progress afforded us by statistics, it must be admitted that New South Wales is very well able to hold her own. We are not now concerned, ju making a compari- son between the two colonies, though that, if honestly and ably done, could hardly iail to be very instructive, but merely in showing whatiNewi South Waleshasaccoinpiishednnder her policy within the period that we have men- tioned In the first place, we' have to notice what uiu-t bo regarded as a remarkable iiici ease lu the population. In I860 the tot.il population, of the cûlouy was only 348,546, whilst at the end of 1889 it was 1,122,200. We may renjarkj that such an, increase as this ii (louis, pimclusiye evidence as -fx> tlie progiei» and prosperity of the colony, and that, if ho aro to be guided by numbers, it is at least o;i a level with "Victoria. It is to be noticed, too, that during the last ileGnde, op even longer, the increpe of t|,e populado'! ' lui« 'gone on at an accolera ti nu; mte, u ffwfc »high gees to show that theie has been migration from othei places to the colony. As <i matter of fact, it is known that a, lurçe number of persons left Victors, io} If eM South Wales,, fating the ppiiod, though there are no means by which um thing like nu accurate account of thf» mutation can be given. The statistics of the dopavtnres and arrivals by seil show that 'the arrivals largely exceeded the departures during tlje wl|ojjj period, the différence being ia some' yen}.s óyet 10,000- There lias, howeyei, been a great deal of migration riverland., rrf Afhifih no ac- count caí) he kept, but }t is net foo much to say th,it the tendency has been for many years ' to,1 rather than from New South Walesa ' Thte'ls shown by the fact,'that whilst the Increase by births over Heaths during the hisf ß'fO ypjirs was 111,862, the iricroaso in ' the pqnijfôf/ipr} W18 164,286,>a result Wiihiftïfcnni only be due to migration to the, polony. But, whilst it will be admitted, as it einnor bs fjfiiijed, that the population of the colomy has jj)(ireped rapidly, there are those who contend that the ' people are not as well off as they ivoulif he ii another fisciil policy was adopted, Wo ifqiibt, looking aj; the facts, whether any change of polioy :(!ou|(l inake the peopje better off than tHey ftru, though if is quite possjbje that they way bo made worse off, It 1« generally understood that the oogt of living in New South Wales is lower than in Victoria, and it is a fast, very well-known, that many i persons «lien they take a holiday from Melbourne to Sydney lay in a .stock of clothes in' the latter city; because they find that they can spend their monpy to much better advantage. Taking the statis- tics which are usually accepted as showing the increase of wealth, we find that the process ofaccummlllation has been rapid, and even extra- ordinary. In 1860 the deposits in the banks of issueamounted to £5,164,011, whereas in 1889 they amounted to no less than £33,777,143. Such an increase as this is, certainly shows that there has been very rapid pro- gress, and it i* the more especially noteworthy, because it is not the re- sult of such " booms " as have taken place in Victoria, to which colony an enormous amount of foreign money has been sent for investment. In New South Wales the statistics show that the advance has not been by leaps and bounds, as in Victoria, but by regular and steady accumulation, at Îltuost a uniform rate for many years, 'his, it may bo said, does not indi- cate the prosperity of the working classes, though it is not possible (or wealth to so accumulate unless they were prosperous, so we will turn to the Savings Banks, about which there can be no question. We find that in' 1860 the total deposits in ihcno banks amounted to £557,197, and that in 1889 they had grown to £4,280,083. The number of de- positors had increased from 12,027 in 1860 to 134,914 in 1889, thus show- ing that the working-classes had their fjhare of prosperity. The average amount per depositor was £31 14s. 4d" against £18 10s. 4d, in Victoria, though the nurnber of depositors in the latter colony was larger, There hus boen a great deal of con- troversy as to whether there are more factories and works in New South Wales than in Victoria, and the dispute can hardly be said to be settled yet It does not seem to matter much, to our mind, what the relative number qf works may be so long as the people are wpjl-off, and there appears to be no doubt as to their condition in Now South Wale». According to the statistics, however they may be com- piled, and we may presume that they are as accurate as those furnished by Victoria, the progress in industries has been very satisfactory. - In 1860 the numbefr ' of factories and works was 567, and there is no return of the number of hands employed. In 1877 we find the first return of the hands, when the number qf factories and works had increased to 2,602, and tho number of hands employed in them was 24,932. In 1889 the number qf factqrie3 and works was 3,926, and the hands orar ployed amounted tq 44,989, which must be regarded as a ycry satisfac- tory increase. lu agricultureNowSouth Wales is behind Victoria, although the latter colony has been called "a cabbage garden," .but the evidence goos to show that the population ia as well employed, and that it is able to live as well as or bettor than that of the younger colony. One fact is note- worthy, namely, that the tonnage of the vessels entered and cleared iu Now South Wales considerably ex- ceeds that for Victoria, and seems to bo gtqwing rapidly year by year. It i» expected that within the next few days a proclamation will bo issued by Hi« Excellency the Governor, convening the Federal Council to meet at Hobart on or about the 20th January. This date is earlier than formerly mentioned, but the Queensland representatives have intimated that they cannot conveniently attend in February. Muoh ¡nt-fieat will attach tu the ineotiqg qf the Oouiiail, as although in» mea- sure overshadowed by the larger movement for'a Fedcr.il Convention, st 11 it repre- sent« a rcullty m the mundi of Federation to which emphasis has been given by the passage into law of sevorul moa urea which liuvo been found of service iu th - colonies represented iu the Couuctl. No do.ilt much of the discussion that is likely to arise will baye reference to the attitude of the Council to this new federation movement, which has been called, into o.si«tenq» «{nee its last meeting; but, irrespective of this, it is probable that several important mat- tet s will have consideration. The Imperial Act, under which the Federal Council is constituted, requires that the subjects con- sidered by that body moat be referred to |t by at least two of the. Federating colonie» through their Legislatures, Among the subjects which have been so referred are the status of oorporatfon« aud joint «took companies. This matter has been before the Council in previous segsions, ¡pi I i|ustnonccl| itbeingoonsiduieUthuc.il its provisions wou'il affect the colonies out-i e t n Council their enfore-ment would tend lo retard a com píete federation of the Aus rallau colonies. 'It is probable that the present «tit i of the fedgr.*tiqu iqqvernent wjll aga|n bu u,-ç.-d ai a re&'on for further pqstp mement af this mat^r, but the »ajne reason will not apply to the bill foe the r? ugq|t|oii ¡u othes euloma* of orders and declarations of the Supreme Court of any Bingle colony in matt'ra of lunacy, and the Hon A. I. Clark hopes to fee It passed jnto Uyf, Victoria, Queen«, land, and VVistem Australia h*y¿ unjted wfth this, oolony in referring thoo sub. jects, and Queensland bas Joluod ulth Viotorla in asking legislation on the subject of " compelling the produc- tion ,to the Supreme Court of any oolpny of »uy dQ0.u.inant4 p,r any property of any kind M)6. production wbcrr-pf may be refipipcd for the purnosfs of any proceeding lu the Supreme Court of coy other oolony." Victoria also expressed a desire to have legislation on the la»« re- lating to letters patent, aud the naturalisa- tion of aliens of European descent, but in tye absunçe of a jojot f-elerence fhey pjnnpt be considered.' lhere is, however, time for a , further extension of the programme, as bflls ©ay be cons||]prf d, jf ç.ircu|a,te4 amogg tlje membcis » i||ontli befpr.e the. date of meeting. Soup very commendable attempts have been made of late, and are «till being mado, to devise means to settle the labonrproblem, j so that strikes may be avoided in the futurp The»? attempt», so far, are geuer ally admjtted to be |n yaip( a« fhere aro no remedies which meet all t||p pond) tiona of what we may fairly call the disease. It is úseles« for any Court to give a deciiion unies« that decision can be en forced. »fld no way has yet been devised by which men cap be made fo work if they {Jp, not choose to do so, oj capitalists carry pp a bi)«incs» if they think that tb« returns are unsat|afnotpry. Dispute» ss ty *.»$.#. hour« flf »ww*f «iP<> ffllght* «li «ourse, be settled by a tribunal, If bott} tides were willing tp1 accept it» decjiioB, but what trltmnal <k>HÎ- adjudicate pp«n » strike when the wor|iing men bad simply resolved to «how their power, m wa«,, the ¡case recentlyt But, it is tnjpd,/- . tribunal mlfht be oonstl j / ii ii 'I i f# tuted which «hoo-Id decide whtth« the worker« were receiving their proper propor- tion of (He profits of au enterprise, that is, Whether capital was taking maro than was properly due to It. Al first aiizht, such a proposal as this look« reasonable, and likely to be of use, but if wo consider the riiatter closely we «hall disc«ver that it is as futile as tho proposal to adjudicate upon a strike, when tho workers have resolved to have their own way, or upon a lock-out wheh the capitalists have decided that they will not yield, perhaps cannot yield, to certain demands. How is the due propor- tion of the profits of a business to go to the workers to bo determined ? In order to settle such a question as this it will be necessary to know, even if a proportion can bo agreed upon in any caBe, all the details of a business, what capital has been in- vested, what losses have been incurred, how the business waa built up, and a host of other things, some of willah [t would lie quite impossible to ascertain with any degree of accuracy. Many businesses, wo muy say most, are built up by the energy of one person, and often have to go through years of non-success before they begin to pay. What is to bo the position cf the working mon during the non-paying period 1 Aro thoy to suffer a reduction of wages, and if so, would they be contaut to work al a lower rate when they could get higher wage« elsewhere ? What is to bo the position of the Working man in a,n enterprise which does not pay at all, as, for exainplo, many mines, not to speak of other enterprises ? The proposal which has boon mooted in various quarters, seem« to be this ; tho workingmen are to share profits but not losses, a tribun il U to decide how much they are to get out of a prosperous concern, but if the bu iness ia carried on at a loss they are to get the cur- rent rate of wages all the «ame. This is re aiproolty all on one side. Tun correspondents who have heen writing to TA« Meran y suggesting that tho new railing at Franklin Square should be kept on the Hue of footpith In Maoquurie street and the trees kept within, will be interested to learn that their views Imvoluil considera- tion by the Minister of Lauds. The objec- tion to adopting their advice is, that if tho fence waa so projected it would not be in line with tin entrance to tho Supreme Court, but would bulge out. This, it Is thought, would be au eyesoro and prove inconvenient, more especially as that portion giving entrance to the front ot the law offices is destined to be used a« a carriage drive. It seems to be forgotten in the argu- ment that the Supreme Court entrance is itself à prohiberinco ou the line o{ street, and it seems to b« an, opeu question whether a further cxcre-iconce would not be preferable tp placing the rail as at present ma'ked out, with the objectionable " little docks" which will inevitably liecome a great nuisance at night. The Minister, it is understood, is desirous of an expression of further opinion, and will bo gl»d for suggestions as to tho best way out of the dlil|culty. Min isTaiiiAl«-Tho Treasurer (Hon. B. 8\. Bird) arrived in town yesterday afternoon from Waterlqo, qqd will be 'it lu« otljcsthis qioiinliig. T1)P Minister of Lauds (Hon. A, T. Pilling«!-), is at present on a visit to the North, during which he will make an inspec- tion tour of the Government railways, He is ox poo toil to return to town on .Saturday. Ministerial Visit to Nokth-Wkst Coast.-Tho Treasurer (Hon. li S. Bird) leave« Hobart on Friday for the North-West Coast. Hu expects to reach Devonport on that day, where ho will make arrangement« iu regard to post, telegraph, und Cuatoms matters. On Saturday ho visit« Sheffield and Latrobe. At the former town he will inquire into uud deal with post and tele- graph 'mutters, while at Latrobe he will inspect tho Tochuical School, and hoar re Srefutations on other mutters. On Mon ay he proceeds to Penguin to inquire re postal jud telegraph qfl'ici-, and an Tuesday ho roes mi *« T.«inneston ruturmug ir> Hobart lame evening. Tub Fkukiui, Council -According to a telegraphic correspondence now in progress between Tasmania and the Australian colonies interested it is probable that the date for the meeting of ihe Federal Council will be fixed at an carlies period than the time expected. On the last occasion refer- ence was made to the subject, the 16th of Fobruary was mentioned as the mont likely date, hut Sir Samuel Griffith bus telegraphed that that time \\\i\\\ not ain't thp Q^ueatujlu.n.d, représentatives, anti siiggostinu eitiior tho 13th or 20th of January. The Hon. A. I. Clark, Atturnoy-Uciiorul, has iudiautod a preference fur t'io "0th .lunuury, und the matter is now under the ooiwidoration of tho Hon. Jos Munro, Proud r of Viet u ia, who acts as Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Council, along willi dir Samuel Grif- fith, Hon. T. Playford, and Hon. A. I. Clark. A telegram may be expected iu a few days definitely fixing the date, and then His Excellency the Governor will b,e asked to issue a proclamation, convening the Coun. oil to meet at Hobart. W-v Dgvofi,- The AUF. Pout soys it is currently rumoured that the two well known residents at tin» L-iveii have an- nounced their intention' of 'contesting the seut for West Devon at the forthcoming general election Tims the electors o| tluit constituency Will l).-\ve a, choice of f)hr«e candidate« ¿tall events. Important to Chemist».-A« tho Act passed Nst session to amend the Distillation Prohibition Act is now in force chemists will require to renew their licenses uuder it. Licenses iasued under the old Act expire on the 31st ¡list. AnRiour.TUlur. Lhotpiihs.-T|ie President of the Teolinloal Bou.rd received the follow, iug telegram from Mr. Huury Lamb, ut Lauuoaston lost evening :-" Have met Mr. Collin«, of ' Technical Board, and believe that matters ure satisfactorily srruiiged. Mr. Wallace will lecture in Launceston on the i.'ith iust. Techi)iua| |!,r¡a|tj meeta iA)-i||urrnH ii'gl)). »(I'l aiuiiiu» tor leoturo, Mr. Wallace and myself will he present " The meaning of this is that Mr. Wallace will lecture at various places along the ííorth-VYest Coast, »H'' *i launceston afterwards! instead of ûpeiiing the aaurso at Ii uneeatoo. A FnoiT Cowvr.-Mr. Spawn, the en- thusiastic truit grower and evaporator, who was in Hobart some time ago iaeUcoÇnally endeavoring to (jet fjeonle tQ Join Itiin in estai dishing U trude ia fruit dried vegetables,' etc., has established u colony at Riverside, Horsham, In Viotoria. He has been joined by settlors from England, and between them they have taken up 400 acres of ri«|| land divided into 10 to 20 aurç scotiqns, aitd all are very «othu,alaitip as tq tl;e prospects of the ftcalquy.'1 ' ' T^hmaniv; T-rputKiio Com'ii,-!.Tk» Tor-, ( pedo Corps will »arade for Inspection by the Aotlnu Cqrnmaim»n'. ».t TtW, this evening. A fullattendiuice of momber« I« requested, and tho uniform will ho revlow order. S T. Abtilleiiv.-Those members of this Corps who desire to attend the funeral of the late Ounucr Laing, Perrnup,on,t.í\rt¡llory'i are inferipei) by a^ortlsomont Ii another ooiumu that thpy must meet at tho Military Barracks this day at 10 a.m. Derwent Rifles. - A handicap rifle match, op*n qnly (n lfl«roberu of *l(e forwent I\i(Je. Company, Will take place at MjHurouk Roqge, IJew ¡¡forfol«,, un Thursday, Decem- ber 41, fqr three prizes. Entries will be re- ceived by Col.-Si.rgt. Kelley up to Saturday, December 0, CiTï B*,vr> Concert.-Au «pim-alr con- cert, given by the City Baud iu the Barrack Reserve, took place last eveuing. The weather being favourable there was a good attendance of visitors to listen to the fol- lowing excellent programme provided : - Qvormr«! Post and Peftsapt | vaia«, ¡«Iqlda tqn },¡edpr ¡ se|eç'iip,j|, JtoAemi«« Uni I V»t«c, Promotionen | selection, // Troualare i vals«, Au« dem Hochwald ; galop, Kasaussin ; National Anthem, Excursion Tumn.-Ithsslieon arranged to, ruo a special excursion train (rom $(.. Mor«'«. tq Hobart on ti}« )S|ll| Kt- Th.» tiqio for iQsvtng qt. Mary'« is 0 ».ra., and Hobart will be reached, about 1.30 p.m. The return train leaves Hobart in the evening at 7.10, being due at ita definition at '¿30 next unruhig. The fare« aye yerj mftder^te, Unclaimed T-elkoraMS.-Messages ad- dressed h Un M. 'White, LeWf SoMih Hobart." ai)4 H- % i'nery. Telegraph Office,'* »waitulaimapu at the Telegraph Offioe. Bazaar ay Godlp's Count»v.-A bazaar Inosoneeticsi with--e Wesleym Churoh, Gould'« Country, will be opened by Mr.F. Daws«*, J.P., towmw at noon; < * li»,. ' . ' ' Thk GaíLK.-The receipt» for me««agcs Mint from this colony to Australia show a satisfactory increase for the past month over the locolpts for Novombor, 1889. Tho messages for tim latter period numbered 0,710, representing a cash value in roceipts of £1,030 9s. Gd., whereas last month 9,533 messages were d «patched, {or which thoro was paid £1,005 10s. Id. City Pouce Couut.-Bcfora Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Air. J. Solomon, J.P., yesterday, Ocoigo Walsh and MurgJiet Uraggi for having boen drunk and incapa- ble, were each lined Sa., or seven days, and for a like offence Muria Bh-asby wns ordered to pay 10s. Od.,or go to gaol for M days. Arthur Horner pleaded guilty to hiving in- sulted passers-by In ¿avcrpool-sticet tho previous evening. Hu insulted most of tho people he met, and P.C. Hill arrested bim. Horner behaved in a very furious manner, throwing the constabledown, and tearing his uniform, but Hill held him tiHothcrconstnblcs arrived. The Poli e Magistrate said the conduct of young fellows at street corners had become a matter of gi ne ml complaint, Mid defendant had been very properly ar- rester!. ¡Such conduct must bo put down, and defendant would have to go to prison for two months. John Bradley, charged with having neglected to join the whaling barque Waterwitch, was ordered to bo sent on loard. Court ok Requests.-Mr. Commissioner Tarleton dealt with the judgmunt sum- monses at the sitting of the Court of Requests yesterday. In the aase, Chapman v. /Vee. thoro was na appear- ance of either of tho parties, and tho C.180 was adjourned till next Court. In Steinbock and Any v. laxton, Mr. S. T. Tin- ning appcarad foi- plaintiff». Defendant produced a doctor's certificate that hu was unfit for work. Placed In the box, he said he attended to a stall in the market, but the stock belonged to hie mother-in-law named Thompson. Hu and his wife obtained the goods, but Thompson provided the money to pay for them. There was a horso and cart belonging lo his mother-in-law which be used for the purpose of taking articles about for sale, and he kept a shop in Argylo street, the stock for which was also supplied byThompson. The Commissioner j Sliescems to be a very convenient ipother-in-law." Defendant-, "What, sir? yes, I think you ought to be lenient." The Commissioner considered the man wnj In a position to pay, and made an order for his committal to gm.l for 14 days, the warrant to bo hold over in the 6vent of defendant paying fis. u week. Mr. W. F. Stephens ^applied for, and was granted an adjournment till next court of the coso Willing v. Onborné. In the case //»ii« v. Carton», Mr. C. Clerk (Lues«, Clerk, and Walker) appeared on behalf ot plaintiff, and »aid the amount of the debt was £9. Defendant sworn, stated ha u as a gusiitter, but hud not worked for l8 months. Further examined, lie i-aid he eirned 25s. and 30». a week, and had lodged for nine montliB ut clio Brisbane Hotel, paying £1 a week for his board. An order was made that defendant should be sent to gaol lor 14 days, tho warrant to ho held In abeyance if 0s. a week he paid, De- fendant did not appcur in tho ouse Payne v. Prient. Kvidenoé was given by plaintiff that Priest was a cubdriver, and was ¡u constant employment. Au order was m ide for the payment of Ss, a week, < Pout Cvokkt.- On the 2nd inst., before Mr. A. H. lloyd, P.M., and Messrs. J. H. Clark and T. Mills, J.'s.P., Joseph Harvey, licensee of the Commercial Hotel, was charged by Superintendent Ruddock with allowing persons othor than travellers or lodgors to oirer his llpenecd house during prohibited hours, The case was dismissed, two of rthc meu being iona file travellers. The third, named Thomas Cohen, who re- sided within two miles of tho hotel, pleaded guilty to being within tho promises during prohibited horn« and was fined £2 and costs. ¡ Ba/aar at New Town.- A determined offort has been made by the New Town reiidents ty clear . away the debt duo in respect of.thu Oriokut Aseuciatiuu piviliou. Putting their shouhlors to tho wheel thoy organised a bazaar, which was held yester- day in the Templars' Hall, New Town, and proved to be a thorough succss. At 3 o'clock Hon. P. 0. Fysh oponed tho nulo. In a choice speech he draw attention to the necessity which previously existed for some shelter from the sun's rays during the pro- gress of a cricket mutch, and to the spirit of the eight gentlemen who took upon thomselves the 'responsibility of erecting a pavilion, which had been lqiin.il to be of Krcat service since. To roliovo'tho'o eight volunteer» of' the expense they had iiioui'l'od, the baziar was held, and he hoped the £40 required wou'd be soon obtained. They had lind ii very good inniugs, und had tcarud 40, und it Was the ladies^ turn to score. Ha wished they liad ' an umpire who would register tho figures 5, 10, 15, 20, and so on, until the 4(t was outuined. That the ludios tlihjfit win was his desire, and t-ho desire of them all. The bazaar \\\'¡;s then ¿leuUrcd open, and pur qhases were at ones oommencud, On enters ing the door ' of tho hall the first stall soon was tln\t on the right hand «¡do, homing fancy goods am| toys, the Indies in. ntten.da.tico being Musilurnb» l|. Ç. Lovett und Wintcrsop, Misses Huriletnan mid Mann, AU tftsten must'luve found' satisfaction amongst ilio numerous articles displayed, for thoro were fans, huiid-palntcd plaques, oi-ftüy patchwork, but lugs, a'hand- some mid novel tennis newspaper'rack, and all descriptions of, mechanical toys. Que of the most uL trac tue pinccj ofwurfa W» ft tubUi-lo'j>, with Piiilpoi) (jip QsouUtione of Tasmanian berries, uenUy ox«,aulod, There 'was alec«, vulnablu collection, of,fuis pro , sealed by Mr. Josoph Cook. On the opposite side of tho room, was tho fancy and , plain needlework stall, over which Mesdames Hurst and R. P. Brook, Aljisucs HurstandBeuger presided. AH Ske goods,wore marked at very low priais, yu n\my cases, m«cli below tlW tino value. At t,ho far cn (J qf tins hall Mesdames Richardson and Andrvswivrtha dispensed re frishiiieiits from an amply provided table, mid ut tho opposite end Messrs. Scully, Long, P. Pierce, and N. Hurst attended to the produce and pot plants gluJI, Tho Christum« tree was in'tj\a pliargo of Misses Jeffrey and Cqwburu, and the bran pic mid lualty hug were iu the bandj of Misses Seager and Audrcwarthu.' Ml', H. ' Corney | made a prosput qf a, liundharro.w. The room had boen ttistofully decorated by MY. H. C. Lovett, lion. sec. N.T.C.A., who lind also done his utmost to in.ko tile b.i/uur i^nqc ces». Asilstancc waft reifiW'vl by ^k. .rutilus Whit« in thft i'W'i.Vvm «if Hie ntii'1», anil tins pequlc in the itutt-iut generally did idl >hey could for;, the búraar. Cakk and^ Amos- Fair. -The reduction., and, If possible, extinguishment of {ha debt; exlstcnt'iipou tho, pal soilage, Kokeby, was the óbicQj; fo,j¡ rçfiicli the ladies of Clarence n,nil TiêlUirh'P especially bestirred themselves yesterday! ' A'criVe and apron fair was bold ¡h tho BoIIerjva Institute, and d^t Humera and willing'miuds,'liidçil by a profusion of flower's, (ii|uiit;|tie^riE poeillowork of, various aoscript\a«D, end other articles of, art, pro- duce, élo(, <çto" soon, tfaiisfprmcd the in terloj- otihe bidding into, u ycçy petty souno, Inhere, were, in, all, «eveu, aCalN containing such, varied, wu'çctiuna, that they bailie par^cvvaristt((cm. A,t titele the «tait ho,ld.pia wore ¡-^Vpiluço atoll, Mrs. ltig nallt Miss ' S,m,vluiç : ¡»»¡er, s^all, Mrs.. 1\\. ' IV^'Wi^' Missis» Burgess and Westbrook; ; refreshment stall, Mr«, çea^heriiljorié, Moïses Smith and Westbrook ; work tjtaU, Mrs. Macintyre, Mrs Hu LI . cake stall, Mrs. Hatub, Misses Muç^ii^y^e' liù'd Murphy j confoattansry, : M¡ré\ Jamieson and Mrs. ¿a,nib,i ahildron's sljall n'ml Uah pond, \U«; Polluid The pro- ceedings \ysr* opVueu hy Dean Dundas in a fo\y happy roinarks wlicrein he expressed his pleasuio ut learning that thoro werp te, be no radle«, although lie admitid, U,ç did not consider purticiput ¡(jil }u ih.sseane.Qf (lip worst sill« tha,t (¡qujd, bp kU)uin>i tl(k|. Ho expressed the tipnc. ihftV iho proceeds would go far toward" wiping off the dcfioicmy on the parsonage. There win a good ai,teml|\n,cu during tlie afternoon and evening, »wt tho fair suicswomen appa.ren.tty (|ij (¡nail busi nt«!. Hoiurt Tawcrnaolk.- The sale ef pi'ft« in aid uf the Building Fund ofihe Hobart Tabor uaale, opened on Tuesday,' was continued yesterday afternoon and evening. A g<od u mount of business was done, uilil the ¿JaJI» were looking bare when Ijliç «nip e|p,eoü¡, A number of ipR.trn.inen.iul «oleotio_ were glvcp flHvlim tb,o evening, and tho choir , aodei| sevei/al gppd vpcul Hungern. M,|ss , Annie Soundy, aged 8, saug a, sojo. which, wjs"iiiiicI( appreciated, Tiikatr.k ^QVAlii-Tho performance to lie given, |f) (Im Theatre Royal on Monday eyeuuig next by member» of tho Gaiety A. P, .Society, in aid of tho Fire Relief Fund, fives every indication of being n siuiofeas. nfluential patronage has beau obtained, and every care ia Ue|Hj¿ tasjen io «ave the perffl-nwn.ee un to. th.p chili's usual standard. An ai|d|timial attraction Is offered by tue assistanoe of the orchestra of the Orpheus Club, who will render several of tllulr best items. Derwent Sailing Club.- There, will be a race for 28ft. yaohts. on Saturday, and the 21ft. yacht km» postponed from November B2 w11) also be' re «ailed. Entries for the, races will te received'st Mr. A. W. WiV ,u>mt' office7^» «114 VoJoçki'ÏW»: "MternooiiJ AiwobD-BAnNttw Conükht. - 'i'ho pro< gramnto of thin concert, to tako placo to- night at tho Temperance Hall, will be found Sublished in our advertising columns. Mr. . Maughan Harnett will play for tho brut time two fugitivo compositions of his own, besides tho Adagio of Schubert, and (J al op of kotUror. liy roquost Mr. Hubert Arnold will repent Concoi to No. 2, of Do Heriot, so enthusiastically received at tho last concert, two other boIos before men- tioned will also bo henrd at the hands of tin's artist. Tho chorus, in addition to other items, will sing " Gipsy life," of Schumann, at the commencement of tho conceit, and the orchestra will introduce two entirely now works. Other attractions will bo repre- sented by a duet for ;t»o violins, in which Mr J. Dillon will tako part, and a ti io for 'cello, violin, and piano, in which Mr. J. Trunthlm-Fi- yor as 'cellist, will join the concert givers. S< uts arc lining rapidly booked ut Meier« Walch and Sous, whoro the plan for tcscrvlng places can bo neon. Montacute -Tuunku Ofkiia Company, Lovera i-f good opera will leam with pleasure that tin Moutaguc-Turnor Opoia Company open in the Theatre Boy .ii on the 11th i nat. Tho season will bo for 12 nights only, and the company, a» announced else- where, is a strong one Miss Anuís Moutiiguo is, of course, leading lady, and Mr. Charles Turner's reputation tis a tenor stands very high. The list also includes Mr. Warwick Golnor and Mr. Fred Knglatid, both of whom aro well-known in Hobart. A good chorus, complote orches- tra, first- class scenery, and a new wardrobe aro piomiscdi mid everything augurs well for a most successful run. Tho works to bo staged are not yet published, but will doubt- less ino'udo somo of tho latest and most popular. DtuvKits and Obuoerh' KxoORhion,-A fino day, calm sea, and blue sky all combined to muke the anniversary of the Drapers and Grocers Assistants' Asso- ciation, which was celebrated by un excursion to Oyster Covo, a complete success. The Huon started punctually to time with a full ooiuplement of passengers, and a plea-ant run was made, OyBtur Cove being reached at 4.30. An hour was allowed by Capt. Kvans for a run ashore, which wus avail, d of by nearly all on board, most making »ho Selby Memorial Hall their dcitination Hush flowers were very source. It is u wonder, on occasions liku that of yesterday, that some enterprising old, or young, lady does not have a stand and dis- pense cups of tea to those who would only ho too glad to avail theinsolvos of tho oppor- tunity of partaking of ¡t. Noarly till the excursionists were provided with baskets of eatables, but water and tea were nowhere. At fi.3Q a s'art was made for town, and the wharf reachid about 7.30. Captain Evans, Mr. R. Crawford (tho secretary of the Asso oiutlon), and others, did all that was neces- sary to ensure tho comfort of all on board. Wa understand that there ia somo talk of j running shilling excursion trips on Wed- nesday afternoons frequently during the summer season, und if they ino run on similar lines to that of yesterday, thoy oiifjlit to yield the promotora a handsome rotura. St. Andrew's Suwatii Sokoul.-A sale Iot lililíes' work was oponed yesterday m at. Andrew's Schoolroom iu aid of the sabbath School funds. Stalls wera ranged round the room containing an extensive assort- ment of useful and fancy articles which reflected oredit or tho ncodlework of the ladies of tho congrégation. A specialty was modo of useful articles of clothing suit- able for children, and the display was oxoel lent, Although prominence was given to such articles, the ornamental was not forgotten, and on the central «tulls was a tempting display of fancy goods, which found rcudy pureba Urs. Tho cynosure of all oyes wai au "autogi-upli quilt," embroider- on sutin, and trimmed with luco. It boro the autograph signature of His Uxcelloncy tho Governor and immy members of tho congre- gation. The letters ware truo lo tho oullgraphy of the writors, and were deftly wovon with silken threads. The names of flowers worn interwoven with the signatures, and it wus altogether a rare and arti tie piocc of huediwork. Refreshment stalls wero pro- vided and liberally patronised, including ona for thu sala of produce, cake, otc. A Christmas tree bearing a rich crop of toys, and nick-nacks formoil the centre of u.ttra,e tion for tho young folks. Tho sa,lo. waa opened at 3 o'clock yesterday, and, us good vuluo was given fqr |ho mpuey nutted, a brisk at»!»' 'iooU pjaoe. Miss Todd and M(aa MuoMJIlt^n bud charge, of thu stall ladou with mefiil articles, whllo Mrs. Hull «nil Mrs. Hadrill attended to the stalls, whereon tho fancy gooi\n «evo displayed. Miss Oltllum and MU% Qi'uhom liiitlohurge of the rofrojjipvnt stall, , M isa Seott and Miss Rju.inu.¡ty dispensed afternoon tea, the Missen Allison (2) sold tho cake mid rouu,t;y ^roduo», while Miss M. Seo ti and Misi K'uuudy wero kept busy, u,t f,h,e Christmas tree. The Raw« Caines Scott was present, and generally, siipcryisud, being UjSsistml |\j« N|r. llutlijill, tho oiiorgetio superintendent of thu Sajibatli-school. In thu'Qven^iig tlujro. was, u, largo iittendanoa, and a good business donc. Tho autograph quilt wau disppsod of on iho art union prin ujple, and went to u gentleman residiug in Molbourne. It will, however, ho oil view ußiiin to-day, when the sulo of gifts will bo continuod The stalls will bq replenished, and the salo will be open at 3 and 7 p in. Demise of Tun Rk\\-, J\ A. Marriott. The Jiuroptfw ¿fail of October 24 suya : Our friend» at Hobart will greatly rogrqt |o heap of the death of the Rev. Fit7,horuert Adams Marriott, formerly ArcUd.oa.coji of Tasmania, who, on his return, ti K'lglund, bui-amo senior curate to Mr. dilldoll In the oarly days of his ir\cv\mhcnoy of .St. Paul's, Kniglithrid((o, during tho time that the .affairs rjf vhut pari- were conntantly hptoro tho Court» herb, and who of late y^iars has been vicar of Chaddcrsloy Corbett, ¡U Wowostorshlro. Mr. Marriott, who wns known fur and wido iib an eat"it, thought fill pieachcr, and who was greatly admired bv u lari/o i.ir.-li. fn» i,i. ,....-..; .- . ..j .. i...|,u i.,¡<.¡i. luv mi quiet, mannell I a,nd kindly feeling, passed away at 'J¡í¡q Close, K\etcv-the residence of his sister on. Ootobor 19, and his remains were laid to rest in Bournemouth Cemetery on October 24. A Nhw'ÜlSKASK in l'ooi.Tuy.-Wo ( Laun- ceston Telegraphy aro infornjiid thaV tua attention of Dr. A. (Parity, hnnamry valor . Inary smgepii to tho. Cl,ovCM\moiit, having bujii drawn to 'I great tnurtallty among , fowls In the Western districts, he paid n vis!r. lo Vho alïucteil parts and procured somo bp, elinoija,, whipli, upon being submitted to i\ strong 'microscopic test proved to bo tho bacillus, uhiuli prad\ioo« cnlcillis. It attucks poultry o{ n,1] ages, and very quickly causes, do'itth- The ducks seem 'o eiuupo it. Ali poultry farmers should lillie warning, ,and thoroughly cli-nuee and dlslnfçnt their ' yunis and pons, and so prevent tho disco.-o sproiding. ftpoolmens of tne baeiMu.* m.»y be s. cn, by applying to Mr, Ciirv, ut Mews. Halton und Law«, llrfrbaiioaittCCJt. Cats.-A Sbutlilaiid, ßvna a,dvcrlippa I« nu .Invercargill paper í,o¡¡ SOO," outs over throe nnmiths olil^aijd vffora one tdiilllng each for them. ' ' I ?-. , J.'.'..»? ?!. .!??!, .li ,'g I 