A GIGANTIC MONOPOLY. (to tor editor of the " australian btar.") Sir, — Mr. James Burns, in the March 14 issue of the Daily Telegraph, appeared to be sorely exercised in, his mind on account of tho suspicion with which the labor party view the proposal to hand over the city and suburban streets to a private monopoly for the purpose of constructing a cable tram service, and advanced as a reason why wo should grant tho monopoly to the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Co. that, if the com- jJilliy vllCl JTlilKG spent in tho colony. A splendid source of satisfaction, certainly, tliat of allowing a private company to iiceco tho public in order that a portion of tho profit might he spent in the colony. In that case, when A, B, and 0 allow private company D to rob them of part of their earnings — part of the profits of their labor — if private com pany D. spends part of tho money extorted in tho purchase of some more of A. B. and Co.'s labor, tho colony (the community) benefits by the transaction— according to Mr. Burns. Excellent logic ! Mr. Burns states that because we rcquiro tho Govern ment to undertake the alteration of the present locomotive tram system to a cable service we evince a deplorable dependence on the Government, and that wherever such dependence exists the welfare of the country will be subject to violent changes. When have those violent changes taken place in this colony because tho Govern ment have undertaken to \ construct railways for the community, to carry out the postal and telegraph service, to provido us with cheap education 1 Where would the violent change tako place if the Government woro to adopt and carry out, on behalf of tho community, a comprehensive cable tram system and give the public tho benefit of a cheap mode of transit, instead of allowing a private company to secure the monopoly and charge tho publio 3d. faros where in tho greatest of probabilities (if we may take the success of the cable tram system in Mel bourne as a criterion) Id. fares only would be necessary. Mr. J. Burns swells with indignation when he finds that the proposal to form a tram trust composed of tho city and suburban councils is received with dis favor by a meeting called under tho auspices of tho Trades and Labor Council. But Mr. Burns surely is not aware that the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Co. propose that this trust shall borrow money on the security of the joint city and suburban municipal revenues for the. purpose of taking over the existing lines and the construction of tho new cubic system, and then grant separate leases of tho lines to tho company of 30 and 40 years ; that is to say, that the publio of Sydney and suburbs — eight-tenths of which are com posed of what Mr. Burns calls "tho sus picious working-classes" — shall become responsible for the wherewithal to build a cablo system of tramways in order that the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Co. shall have the right to bleed the public for a period of 40 years on the payment simply of the interest of the money borrowed, and the setting apart annually of a sum sufficient to pay off the principal by the time that the leases expire. Does Mr. Burns know that the balance-sheet of the Melbourne Tramway Co., published on.August 28 last, showa a profit balance of L197.389 16s. 9d. for the year after paying all expenses, in cluding interest and the annual instalment necessary to pay off .tho ' principal 2 Who UUU UCliy UliUU 9UU GUpUIU UU1U wouiu prove oven more profitable in Sydney than in Melbourne 1 And are we going to give up our streets in order that a private com pany shall find scopo for the investment of its capital, which capital, Mr. Bums states, if not invested in trams, must bo put into mining companies and silver stbeks ? Are we going to grant a monopoly to a private company whoso right to squeeze money out of the public would be worth quite asmuch as that of the Melbourne Tramway Co. , shares in which arc quoted at LG 12s. caeli, and only 10s. per share called np? " Specu lators and investors must return to mining companies and silver stocks," as Mr. Burns states. They must return to that fascinat ing occupation of "bulling" and "bearing" the maiket, and fleecing one anothor'. "The public are not likely to put up with such a. diversion as a partial cessation of gambling in. mining Bhares, in order that the gamblers may have an opportunity to "corner" tho public. Not unless our legislators are so devoid of patriotism, so gullible, so deficiout in brain power, so criminally neglectful of their duties as representatives of the people as to allow such a measure as tho proposed Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Co.'s Bill to become law. Wo want no private companies to undertake works of national importance, for tho reason that under Government employ a man can obtain a resnoctablo wago to support his wife and family ; for the reason that under private companies, in tho majority of cases, wages are pushed down to the point of bare subsistence in order that " profits " will bo larger. The Government, as an employer, is satisfied with a return of 4 per cent, on capital invested, and is therefore able to pay just wages ; but tho private company wants 14 per cent., or moro. I trust that tho public will keep its eye on the quiet, unosten tatious, yet full and complete, scheme which is at present at work to secure, one of the biggost monopolies that over adorned any oitv outside of tho United States of America. — Yours, &e.;, W. G. HlGGS. 70 Oxford-street, March 16. P Fallon, Hay, writes to say that the boy, Thomas Fallon, who was reported by some of our contemporaries to have died from the effects of injuries received at a bushfire on Tuppal Station, near Hay, is not dead, but alive in the Deniliquin Hospital, and is pro gressing towards convalescence. 