T*JJ - : i •' ' ' King Tom. ; , ; Country cousins. Notables returning. Thanks, Mr.^SohSil, Military conf&M;<*> Well spoken^jBeaipe. Faraerf' Aiwooiation. Boucant^Bible, bother. Railway revende increasing. Socialism progressing^ in Germany. Baby-farming rampuit in Victoria. RotMrtEmme^t bornMarch 4, 1778. Cai^adian Separation League formed. Enormousi bushfires in New Zealand. Who paid Pigbit ? We shall toon know. $atie]tary A^d Labouohere at logger heads. Generous, hospitable, liberal Mr. Cohen. Catholic Interest Society meet this: evening. The. Register could'nt draw the Premier. Paddy Coglin goes for his old love— Newcastle. Quite an epidemic of accidents and wrecks lately. Saturday last the anniversary of Pigott's suicide. Great debate in the Commons re Parnell enauirv. Labby wants more light on those West End scandals. Mr. Gladstone walking into the Times' Commission Judges. Michael Davitt is organising a labor federation in Ireland. Mr. J. J. Clarke, the new President of Hibernian Society. Cambrian Society had a social on St. David's Day, March 1. Mr. Cos, M.P., has been fire times imprisoned by Mr. Balfour. Penn and Bonython two new town ships for the Cousin Jacks. Australian natives wrestling with the education and social problem. Will O'Connor wrest the sculling championship from Australia! Lord Salisbury's explanation re West-end scandals rather thin, Railway troubles again. The Com? missioners always in hot water. ; \- Dilke considers Dr. Cockbura " an able and ambitious Scotchman," Well blend the shamrock with the rose, And wear the red and green. Rejoice, South Australia 1 Dilke Says you are " thoroughly honest and sound." Mr. Playford now favors local repre sentation. He didn't say that last election. Mr. Kingston "would" when he " should," and " should" when he " would." " You have before you to-night one of the most hardened criminals in Ireland." Duke of Connaught to be Com mander-in-Chief. Lord, preserve us from war. Lively scenes in the House of Com mons. Would'nt Joe Biggar have enjoyed it ? Civil Service Commission has a word to say for the underpaid juniors in the Service. The staple productions of Cornwall in the old times were apparently ghosts, giants, and fairies. For the first time in South Australia an Australian native is chiet of the Hibernian Society. On the tomb of Louis Veuillot, Paris, is the simple inscription, "I have believed; now I see." The acting-governor is a Celt, and not a SaBsesnach—no connection with the foreigners beyond the Tamar. Cornishmen trace their history back to the Phoenicians, the Milesians are the only race that can give them a start. " Who would have thought that Kingston was a mata of " weak will ? " It took a statesman on the other aide of the world to discover it. Mosquito is a f>it of a liar himself, but he cannot give the Cousin Johns much start after'their late banquet. No offence, your Excellency. Labouchere does not believe Lord Salisbury, says so in the House of Commons, , and is suspended. The steamer Quetta, from Brisbane for London, struck on a reef off the Queensland cpj&st; — sunk in three minutes} over ISO lives lost. New townships named after promi nent Cornishmen. As St.: Pa&riok;'s Day is approaching perhaps tbePremier will act grace tally towards Hibernia. 