"Camperdown Chronicle." PUBLISHED Tuesday,Thursday,and Saturday. THURSDAY,JANUARY 16, 1890. CURRENT TOPICS. Tire trip organised by tho Hon: JTP. I' Macphors£n..-from _Camperdown~through tho forest country to tba coast has so far boon a decided success. Tho Minister of Public Works and the otlier visitors with him, inctudiug_Mows._\y.. IL_ Otmand , «Ha "Tn>owlinpV M's.L.o., ond Messrs. Uren and Buttcrly, - MV.L.A.*, - wbro , hospitably entertained at the Leura hotel 1 hy the president of tbo shirs, Mr. W. A. isylor. At nine . o'clock on Tuesday morning they left in a couplo of drags for the scacoast. The Minister of Public Works was also accompanied by Mrs. Daviea. Thore ra only a slight delay at Cobden, and at Scott's Crerk tha party halted for refreshments at I'urz's Tom peranco hotel. Port Campbell wag reached about 4 p.m., and after dinner a deputa tion interviewed Mr. Davios. They naked 'for tho erection of a breakwater at the mouth of tlio harbour, and - tho extension of the pier in the direction of tho proposed railway station. Tho Minister promifod. to send down an officer to inquire- into the cntt of construction of the proposed break- Rater, and If the costwero reasonable he would submit the prnpojal to his colleague. With regard to tho oxtensiun of the pier to the proposed railway station, the lino would not be completed for throe years, and it was a matter to be decided in the future. HoVpromUod to have a th"~ ton cn-uo placed on tha pier to assist in discharging the caigoes of the small craft frequenting the ' harbour. In the evening Mr. Davies wu inter viewed on the question of shiro severance Ho replied to tho effect that tbo matter would bo fully considered when tho peti tion for severance came before him. At Six". o'clock yesterday morning the Minister of Public. Works accompanied by Mr. Taylor, president of Batnpdcnshire, and the sbire engineer proceeded to Princotown, where they mot Mr. Walls, and a number of local residents. The party proceeded to the month of the Oellibrand river, and the loss occasioned .by its frequent - barring was pointed oat to the Minister. Several plan* were suggested. Mr. Divies himself thonght tho must feasible- plan was to erect a sort of breakwater to pre vent tbe-axpended wave* bringing the sand up which csuied tbo barring. Ho promised to send an officer down to report fully to him on the matter. After an interval ~Mr. Davies returned to Putt Campbell, and was driven thence to Cam perdown by Mr. King, shiro engineer. Tho Minister of Public .Works and Mrs. Davies will return to Molbourno by tbe second train this morning. They leave for Newcastle on Monday. They woro^ pleased with their brief visit to the Port Campbell district. The remainder of the visitors went to Princetonn later in the day, and greatly enjoyed tbe beautiful scenery along tho intervening coast' lino. They are not expected- to return till Friday or Saturday next. TnE heat yoterday was very great, though the weather was not what might be truly termed unpleasant. Appearances last night seemed Ui indicate a continuance of hot weather. Ret. A. C. Surrn, is annonnced to deliver his lecture " Pduion Flay" in the .Mechanics' iiall, Lismore, on Tacfday, i February 4, in 'aid of tho funds of the Presbyterian Sabbath school. Mr. Smith h»s already given the aamo lecture in ' Camperdown, and it was highly appre ciated. Railway official* when out on a tmir of inspection do not care to have their privacy broken in any way. Last week the Enpineerin-Chief and other officials were over tba lines west of Tormnu in a special train. Returning on Saturday the engine was brought to a standstill at the 72nd milo post, about a mile east of Weerite, and the officials proceeded to do justice to an appetising spread. Lunch over tbe tables were cleared, and the eagine steamed off again. A collision- on a small scale occurred one day last week on tbe Gfelong and Camperdown line, near whst.ia known as the rabbit-proof gate. Tho morning down goods train came into collision with a 300 gallon tank, which was by some means left standing oil tbe line at tho time. Tbe tank was rendered usele«s, and as the engine had been "slowed off"considerably, no damage waa done. It is computed that from 15.000 to 20,000 acres of grass were destroyed by the tire which started on Terrinallum Isst Thursday. The damage in Jellalabad waa not aa great as oriitinally reported, not more than 2000 or 3000 acres htvins been destroyed. The risk of fire* has had a depressing effect recently on sales of live stock, owing to tbo dangers to be run. The goat nniaance is still rampant in Camperdown, and great complaints are made of the destruction they cause. During this week a herd numbering about fifty took possession of tbo paddock south of the town, known as " PoultonV and now rented by tbe Rev. ii. R. Forater. The lessee very naturally was much annoyed at the trespass, and has resolved U> tske stringent ruossures to repress the nuisance. He accordingly notifies that all goats trespassing. henceforth on his property will be prosecuted. Some time ago the herdsman inserted a notice in The Chronicle to the effect that he .would take steps to deatroy all goats found in the township afters given date. Tho date has expired, but the numbers of the goats do not appear to bare been diminished. These animali arc very destructive to gardens, into which they can gonarally find an entrance. A sheep-proof fence is by no means gust proof, and under the circumstances the shire council might bo asked to instruct their officers to carry out their duty without fear or favor. Word wis received in Camperdown on Tuesday, eremng of tho death of Mr. JoUo H. Down/ at bis residence, Litrobo Terrace, Geelong, after a protracted illneu. The deceased gentleman was the father of Messrs. Win. and Thoa. Down, of Camperdown. From yesterday'■ Gtdotia Advertiser wo learn that the lato Mr. Down, who was 74 year* of a~c, " came to Geelonp in tho forties, and started a cooperage in Moorabool Street, on the aite now occupied by Mr. (iilbert's drapery establishment. Ahout 1831 or 1852 he had the Eureka Hotel, in Little Malop Street, built for himself, ami for many years conducted tho dual business of cooper and liotelkeeper. Hy very careful attention tv his occupations, hu speedily accumulated money, which ho invested in ■own and suburliin property, anil for many years put ha has been living upon his me ins in a retired manner." TliK origin of bushfires is frequently attributed tv a spark from the engine. In order to prevent such an origin, pa-ties were on^agoil yesterdny between this town and Teranj; in burning the Iniii; grass alim^ tlio railway line. The. occasion was mo»t favourable, as the ntmospliere wan fairly calm, and what little wind thero happened to be was in the direction of tho track. Tho gra;s did not burn so roa.lily as one ini^ht auriniM, owimr in a threat ' mensuro to til* ■nripen«4 aute of'the i undergro.th. Probably Ik* olker side of ' the track vitl ba kirM,,! in th« course of I tho m.xt few days. It is la kd bupod precautions will ha taksja M «tffcsgfAfc*il I ■MOttldihag tUMsfi^ I Tire 3.30 p.m. up train one day last* week carried away the rabbit proof gato on tho Colnc aud Camperdown railway line. Tub secretary of tbo Skipton library desires to thankfully acknowledge tho following donations, viz., from Sir Samuel Wilson, per Mr. Sliornood, mnnagor, Mt. Bute, £2, and from Mr. G. W. Wilson, Banongil, £2 2a. A stmcltaneoch nid upon tho rabbits ju^bo iufusted. dittricls throughout', the colony has boon ordered by the Executive Council to bo commonced on the 17th mat. Thin step has been taken on the rccom tnondatibn of thu Ministsr of Lands, and is in conformity with tho provisions of section 7 of tho Vunnin Destruction Act passed during the last aossioo of Parlia ment. .' Tho penalty that m»y bo 'inflicted upon any person neglecting to comply with tho proclamation which will appear in next Friday's Government GaxHU is not loss than £2 And not more than £50. The rabbit inspectors stationed in the various districts will bo entrusted with the duty of seeing that the order is carried out in au effoctivo manner. . Mr. D. P. O'Ksefo announces that he has commenced bnsinou as a tailor in Manifold Street. II r. and Mrs. Bayer notify tint they will rc-cotnmcoco muiical tuition on .uondav. 20tb lost. Mr. Paikioson, «argron-'lontij|-, Colnc, is announced to visit Csmpenlown every Saturday, and will be in attendance between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. The portion of land sonth of th« railway line at Mortlake known *« Webster's hom» steatl, with aa area of 650 acres, is to be leated. Tender* mast be seat ia before 2 p.m. on Saturday next. ' Tbe fortnightly sitting of tbe Camperdown police coart w<!!-w lieia thU moraiDar. xueie is irDamber of ca«es on tho list for hearing, iboagh the' sitting ef the caart is not likoly to be a long one. Following the aiaal practice tbs Governor in (Jonocil has isinml a prodauutian direct ing Moacjav, the27th iujl., to be observed ai a public holiday throughout the colony, in commemoration of tbe first settlement of Australia in 17SS. The JTtrald reports thst Mr. Brown, who has acted as sUtionmaster at Pirron Ysllock since tbe opening of tho station, hai been transferred to Whittlesea, where he will occupy a similar position. . Mr. Watt wilt succeed Mr. Brown at Pirron YaJlock. • - ■ The Rulway Commissioners expect to be in a position to oflioially open the line from Teraag to Fort Fairy, via Warrnambool and Koroit, for traffic next week. An inspection of the Udc his ja«t been made by Mr. R. Watson, the engioeer-in-chicf, and Mr. R. 11\. Francis, thotraftio manager. The president of tha Part F«iry shire c-vuncil (Mr. J. Lydiard)aid Cr. A. Corlwtt hare resigned their seats at tbe council table. I'hcco resignations haro been brought about in cooßiqaence of tho coancilV action in adopting a proposal at its last meeting to increase thetalaryof its engineer (Mr. C. H. Xejlon), which Messrs. Lydiard aodCorbett opposed. A great seusatiou hai been caused in Moscow by a terribla event wnich has taken plscn in that city in connection with the iSihilist organifation. The beai of the secret po'ice was shot by a ycaog woman, pro-umably belonping to the Nihilist body. Tho wound was almost immediately fatal' The mncdercss oommitted suicide before the could be secured. 