>FIRE AT iOR IFELL At about half-past ten o'clock on Tuesday night the reflection of a large fire was observed in the direction of Morwell which was at first supposed to be a bushfire raging between that township and Traralgon. A few minutes later, however, Mr. Taylor, station-master, received a wire stating .that a large block of buildings was on fir?at fMot elland tsat the fre-wras rapidlfspreading towards ?Adams'and Maxwell's draper's shop. Messrs. Adams and Maxwell were._.at once informed of the danger their premises were in, and lost no time in proceeding to the scene of the conflagration, and they were ac companied by' Messrs. R.M; ckay and ; Staley, and were driven by Mr. ,E. Roberts,- while 1a party` of horsemen, consisting of the Messrs. Parer Bros., Atkinson and Burlhnd, also started off to learn the extent of the damage done and render-, assistance if needed. On reaching Morwell 'thb extent of the fire was soon ascertained, for it was at once noticed that the places of business from the Bank of Australasia to the drapery establishment of Adams and Maxwell had been ,burned to the ground. From particulars gathered it appears that the alarm was given by a a railway porter who noticed the fire from the railway station, almost at the same moment as Mr. Cleaver, who manages the butchering business for Messrs. Howlett and Allan, rushed out of the burning building crying "Fire I Fire !" Within a few minutes of the alarm being given the building was in flames. The fire quickly demolished the butcher's'shop, notwithstanding the gallant efforts of the Morwell towns people, who were present in great numbers, to extinguish the fire. They were handicapped by there being no -water supply in the township, or fire-fighting apparatus. TThe water that was thrown on the burning build ing and those adjoining was taken in buckets from the tanks at the rear of the buildings in jeopardy. The fire spread from the butcher's shop to Easton's baker's shop on the east side and to Robertson's boot shop on the west. As the flames had now got com plete hold of: the premises, and the water was giving out, efforts were made to stop the progress of the fire at the Bank of Australasia. Wet blankets were hung on the sides of the building, and by strenuous exertions on the part of the residents the hank was saved, the only damage being done to the property was that the fence between the bank and Miller's tobacconist shop was burnt. . The fire then quickly spread westward, taking in rotation from Robinson's boot shop the business establishments of Messrs. Stevenson, saddler, and Earle, - auctioneer. Here the resideritsagain rendered good service, as ,Mr. Holmes' shop, which was a one-roomed one, and which rested upon.blocks, was bodily turned over into the street, and by doing this, and hanging" wet blankets on the build ing, Adams and Maxwell's shop was saved. As it looked at one time almost a certainty that the drapery shop must go, all the stock was taken from the building and heaped up near the railway fence on the opposite side of the street, and the same thing was done with the contents of Mr Rintoull's shop. A few articles, but of not much value were saved from one or two of the buildings burnt. The damage done is estimated at nearly £3000. Two or three of the premises burned were uninsured. Great praise is due to the townspeople for working as they did to extinguish the flames. At one time it was feared that the whole block from Brown's . Hotel down , to the Colonial Bank was b:ound to go, as the places were all huiltof wood, the hotel and the bank being the only brick buildings. The conflagration could be seen for miles around, and as showing how fiercely the fire fiend raged it may be mentioned that the time taken to demolish the buildings was only a little over an hour. Fortunately no loss of life occurred, but the inmates of the shop' in which the fire first broke out only escaped with bare - lives. Adams * and Maxwell, although they had none of their stock burned, will be considerable losers, owing to the way in which the articles were thrown about. Main street Morwell, presented a most de lapidated appearance after the fire. 