ES FROM HODDLE'S CREEK. (BY VULCAN.) e Upper Yarra Shire ("our Counand Mr R. T. Kings have coine to erheads already. How unfortunate " our Council." One would have i a councillor of Mr Kings' ex- 'ence ought to hare known how to ress brother councillors; but the wledge that Cr Kings does not, e as a shock to the Upper Yarra uncil. A coarse insult such as that by Mr Kings only requires a ice of Billingsgate to do credit to a ndon costermonger. )ancing in itsself is an innocent healthful amusement, yet it has L condemned for generations by ~dy people and the clergy generally an allurement of the evil one. They ndemn it for its associations, the same they condemn cards and dice ; yet find at bazaars and church fairs the are introduced as a grist produg institution, and on the same prin- 5 it appears some very good people willing to allow "a quiet dance rwards, though we can't publish it know" if it prove an inducement draw the public ; from which we y gather that a conscience that uld turn in pious horror from a oublic ball" may salve the wound used by a "quiet dance" with a few IH 6d tickets. Personally, I would like to see the time arrive hen the line between things sacred things " naughty" would not be so rictly and rigidly adhered to, so that e clergy by combining more with the ople in their amusements would tend y their presence and example to raise e tone of society in general. As region is at present people are led to nderstand that good people must asoci&te; with good people only, and a "ne is drawn, beyond which "bad" pie may not enter, and so remain without any possibility for hope f getting better. The only body liich has, so far, departed from this w is the Salvationists, who haunt the ery denB of vice and degradation, and hose popularity is perhaps due to the -fc that they show poor sinners they ave some one who takes an interest them, and that they have a soul to save. We have had some really heavy and continuous rain, the first for some months, and things appear to look fresher and greener already. The rainfall will add a few interesting particulars by way of " news" to some of your correspondent's contributions; while it will prove a calamity to others, as it will put out all the bush fires. It is a recognised fact that everyone is allowed to tell a few "fairy tales," of fish that invariably escape,'and snake yarns that fairly bristle with frozen horror as the summer approaches; some philanthropic individual should include bush-fire yarns in the category; for the benefit of mankind in general. A lady of masculine appearance, the Countess Sarolto Vay, took to disguising henelf some time ago as a man, and, under the name of Count Vay, contracted marriage with a young girl. She has just undergone a preliminary examination before the magistrates of Klagenfut, Germany, but medical certificates having declared her to be afflicted with moral insanity, she has been relegated to an .asylum. 