MULTUM INPARYO. fBr Chips.! More newspaper enterprise. Iiindley Cowen and Forater (the journal ist, not the beer-bottler) playing a game known as ' the fittest survives.' The Fremantle Bar and the Perth Bench are always on the move. Another move in Block 14 shares. S-me large holders in W.A. Our central scrip again on the wane. How are the mighty fallen ! An Industrial School for unprotected girls. A national need in W.A. The influenza is quite a treat after so many big guns have gone off with it. Another big complement of passengers from the other side per s. s. Flinders. W.A. is not to be despised, after all. That was a very interesting epistle about dear old Lord Nelson, Mr. Flindell ! A rough time among the Fremantle ship ping during the past few days. A drive to Fremantle by road jnet now is warranted to shake even an Alderman's liver into a saddle-flap. The Gaiety Theatre continues to be well supported at Fremantle. It is expected the 'Mikado' will have a great run at both the City and Port. Some of the New York dailies now contain a pork sausage neatly wrapped up in tissue paper. ThU has proved an effective step to the oft-repeated growl, ' There's nothing in it.' Buy fields in out forests and roller mills follow. William Traylen, as usual, doing what he can for his adopted country. The Queen's constitution is a very strong one, and it is well-known that she com pletely knocks up her ladies-in-waiting, and that if the periods of their duty ween prolonged beyond the usual limit th»y would eoon be incapacitated from perform ing the functions allotted to them. Her Majesty's W. A. Constitution is just now as weak as they can make 'em. Colonel North, ' the Nitrate King,' is said to be about to buy a seat in Parliament, to go with the other trifles that he has acquired with his millions. Bad he been in Australia, he would have been a Minister of the Crown long aga. Sydney newspapers have the following : '?Parkes. — April 15, at her residence, Hamp ton Villa. Lady Parkes, of a son.' Her other three children are said to be daugh ters.. King George's Sound is the only pro vincial seaport town in Australia with two tri-weekly penny papers. The Albany Observer is said to be a Sound investment. The following brief telegram from Bourke, New South Wales, coucerning the late floods, speaks for itself : — The railway station is crowded with all descrip tions of humanity, as well as with horses, dogs, cows, birds, and other specimens of animated nature. Acimel has managed to secure a place of safety on the line, and it makes up for something more palatable by gnawing at tbe corners of one of the rail way stations. When are we going to have a telegraph office at tbe Canning ? A number ot empty houses and still more empty pockets in Perth just now. In fact the only thing that is not empty iB the Supreme Court, insolvency file. This time next year W. A . will be in the throes of a three-million loan. You can C. Grief in Murray- street, and if you have an overdraft, feel it in St. George's Terrace. A servant girl with light hair is called red-head t-d, while her mistress, with a, bead like a bush-fire, is in the b'st of ' auburn.' Ahem! When is Mr. Grave going to reply to Mr. Sherlock? G. F. Salas, of Caledonian Gold Company notoriety, is now a clerk in the Frcmaatla Lunatic Asylum The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court commence to-an-rrow. At 5 he Ojuntess of llojiftuun's second recep. ion held at .Melbourne on the 25th ult. 3000 guests attended. 