DARDANUP From our own Correspondent. Harvesting is now nearly over, and I don't think there are many, who have any reason to grumble at the result of their year's labour. For corn crops, 10 to 12 bushels per acre, is the average yield this season. The fruit crops are, in regard to quantity and quality, considerably better this year, than they were last. I regret to learn that Mr. M. Shana han, a young man well known here, met with an accident the other day, while out riding, which resulted in the fracture of one of his arms. I am glad to say, however, that he is now fairly on the mend. Another mishap occurred last week, to Mr. S. D. Buckley, while engaged in working a steam thrasher at Mr. Turn bull's. Some how or other, he got caught by a hook, which inflicted a severe wound upon his right arm. Mr. Buckley, who has, for the last twelve months, creditably performed the task of overseer and gen eral manager on the Dardanup Park estate, is now about to take his departure from our midst. Both himself and Mrs. Buckley, who are most kind and obliging neighbours in every sense of the term, have, during their stay here, made many friends, to whom their departure will be a subject of regret, Mr. Buckley, is now about to take charge of Dr. Harvey's estate on the Harvey River. We heartily wish both himself and Mrs. Buckley, all happiness in their new abode. Some young men from here, who were lately employed at the tin fields, have been discharged in consequence of the work on some of the claims being sus pended, owing to the scarcity of water. Bushfires are the order of the day at present. On Thursday, 24th ult., Mr. Rich narrowly escaped being burnt out by a fire, which originated close to his dwelling. Happily, however, the flames were extinguished before any damage was done. The Venerable Archdeacon Lecaille, paid Dardanup a visit a few weeks ago. I need hardly say that the people here were very pleased to see him. Fr. Brady said mass here on Sunday, 26th ultimo. He informed the congregation that he was leaving for York on the following day, and would be away for some time. Fr. Mateu, he said, would take over the spiritual charge of the district during his absence. Feb. 8th, 1890. 