NEW SOUTH WALES. A J P. STRUCK OFF THE ROLL. Stbnet, December 26. The Executive Council has decided to strike off tie name of Horace Kennedy Bloxham, editor of-tfae CeUnUAmttroUauat Bourke,irom tiie list «f the Justices of the Peace for arritingartacles making reference to the mannei in which Mr. ParneU's re prerious similar cases by tie Prince o Wales. *.-;' THErPYRMONT BANK ROBBERY. r*'*'-'7'': Stdnbt, December 89. Two men7v'narx-ed-G«orge£Wihow, olio* Qrieve,and Fred. Grieve, alia* Graham, have beenanestedT onachaige of being concerned *in the daring robbery of one hundred pbnndB from the Pyrmont branch Of tie Bngli«h«Tlf' R«ft^»«;li Ra«»lrl«»JtS(itTir day. The accused were brought before the Police conrt yesterday and remanded. THEA.J.C. MEETING. At the Australian Jockey Club meeting held on boxing day, the principal event, the Summer Cup, was won by Stickwell, Vespssia second, and Pretty Kate, third. CASUALTIES ON CHRISTMAS DAY. i SYmuT, December SSta. JL man named -Tindall was drowaod *t Lismore on Christmas Day by a boat capnz isg in a storm. From Maitlsnd three cases of drowning are reported, tie victims being a youti named Davidson, an apprentice in the ilercwry oSceTHngocs, a clerk in &e; Sydney Stamp Offiee,aad Duckley, a. draper's assistant at Sydney. ATTEMPT TO BURN DOWN A WOOL SHED. „ A dastardly, attempt has been made to tram down the woalsbed-on the Jingabyne ittatiOB, ne*r Cooma, tie property of Mr. Ei BoAjSnXbe.\&cn; was fortunately dis coved and extinguished before mnch damage was done, Non-union shearer* were employed under the station ruled. MURDER AND. SUICIDE. . A man named Gallagher has shot his wife andthen himself sftfae Ws-yedey Hotel, near WanxannL The woman died instantly and Gallagher Eucenmbed-aXter a few hours. The cause is believedto have been jealousy, as;tiey l«d a very snhappylife. The fatal dejedwa* committed* on Christmas Bay. after the pair bad-returned from attending mass. ? : : '.,-??, : RACING ATJBYDNEY. Tattetsall's Club races were ran on Satur* dajy. The big event, tie Carringtan Stakes, was won by Too Soon, by Antetos out of Stvppo, with VeBpssia second, and Odo A WAN KICKS HIS WIFE TO DEATH. Sydbwt, December 30. At WardeH, ne*r Lismore, on Sunday, a man named (Joskin kicked his wife to death. It appeals tbe two were drinking together, whereupon the husband ordered his wife home tog 41118 dinner ready. This regueet she refused to comply with, tie Mi^iiir. being thM; Goskin knocked her down and kicked her below tie heart. The un fortunate woman died immediately, after which tie husband gave htiyaoif up, on the charge of murder. DESTRUCTIVE BUSHFIRES. Extensive bushfires are occurring at Molong, at the Bertfaong Tabletop Lagooo, as well us at Gc»ldine, where a number of selectors have been burnt out. 