i MF ®A¥i r A South Austbalia2T -Rtoby. Well, Miss Grey, you are going to haven scorcher, ' said Mr. ' Rreeh as be greeted me one soihmer moining. - '-r: I woold gladly kave do'nbted his word, 'for it was Christmas day, iind, more over, my wedding day as well; but early as it was, the son was shining from the. cloudless sky — '"bhitflcg with ail his might and though he had browned . the _grass, and baked toe earth, and Doomed un "everv dron of water long ago; leaviug/oothiug: "bnthnt stones io the creek"heds, he set to work as earnestly as if be had jost taken the contract- to dry -up the deluge and wanted to get done in time. ' 'All, weli,' I said, trying to make the 1 'best of j it— -' ab, well, blessed is tbe' bride the son shines on, you know.' I left the' 'shady- veranda, and Went I across to the .wool-shed to give a .finish ing -touch to the weddiog .breakfast, already laid there on s long table impro vised for the occasion. Only the de corating part was left forme; and as I arranvad nnnh meenerv.and flnnrnrn T had, Hie old saw- kept running in my head : ' Blessed is the bride- the sun ,'shioes on.' Surely, the omen is iroe this once, for waa there ever such! a splendid fellow as Jack, or each a Iocky girl as I I | T' changed my opinion of old saws before 'the ' day was over ; bat there, that's telling, - Then I thought of my past life, and wobdered ff I was theeame-Mary Grey who, two years— yes, only two years ago, had been ali alone in the world. I remembered my timid, scared feeling at. being among strangers when I came - as. governess to this up-country run. How queer the life had seemed at first, aod how home like it seemed night. It was hard torealise that I coold ever be afraidr of .Mrs. Green, who was like a loving mother to ma. I soon got to like any work too;, and then — yes, then came' Jack, and had things been ever so had,-, life would have seemed cojdeur de rose to me. So I was dreaming over-my work on" that hot fihmtmfis mnrnincr .Ahirtv. years ago,whea I was disturbed by Minnie Green. ' Oh Miss Grey,' ehe said, 'Mr. Rushton has cpmc, and Mr. Stanley Dick Stanley was to be Jack's - best man, 'and Mr. Brace, and' — with emphasis — ' the .parson! Such a fanny little man, Miss Grey, with . yel low bair, and a pink face like a -baby's,; and white hands. — Do parsons -always have pink faces'and white hands 1' ' I never had an opportunity of answering this question, -for jost then -Jack appeared, -and Mionie having gooe to have aoother look at the cleric English complexion and white hands which had so impressed her, we fell into a conversation, interesting enough to ourselves, but of no concern to outsiders, till we were interrupted by Mrs; Green. 'Well, .upon my word,' she said, 'what on earth can you two have to talk about? — Come, Mary : it is time for you to think of dressing. You can't have anything very particular to say to Jack here ; and if you have there is all your life to say it in.' With which profonad remark she sent Jack to the dining-room, where a picnic sort of first breakfast was going on: and taking me to my room she hrooghtme a cup of tea, and told me to rest a little,' for I had a thirty-mile ride before me. Now, though my dress was simple in the extreme, and I wotdd baye pot it on myself in five minutes, being a bride I must be dressed. Mrs. Green aod Mionie, who was to be my brides-: maid, nodertook this office and hindered, me sadly. My dress was plain white, muslin, simply made, and I had not intended wearing a veil ; . bat - Mrs Green said that as thev seldom saw! a wedding, and she j did not sup pose U would be married again; iu a -hurry, I might as well do the tiring in -style while I was about it ; so! to' please her, I shrouded myself io a length of plain tulle that 'covered me almost from head to foot, aud really the effect was rather good. 1 At last I was dressed ; -but somehow we managed to b'e. late, and "it vis a quarter of an hour behind time when I went across to the' wool-shed on Mr, Green's arm ; while Biddy, held an urn! breila cvar my head, arid Mrs. Green followed; sticking in utterly unnecessary pine to toe very last moment Every one' was waiting ; and the shed, decorated with sucbgceeueiyaswasavaflable;Iooked quite festive.. !, At. one end stood, the -breakfast table with the cake, home made; bat imposing, a towering monu ment to Mrs. Green's housewifely skill. By a small table stood the clergyman, looking, a trifle out ofplace ; while round about were ranged all available seats from Chairs to riiilking-stoots 'and slab benches ; with stick legs. They were all ofccupied,- for,- as I -have already said,- a wedding was not -an every-day occur rence,- and. peoplehad turned cutinfull foroe,. \- We advanced with all possible de corum,- and the ceremony proceeded as usual till the ring had been pnt on' and -the, Wessing given, .when some one, breathless -and dusty, dashed in at Ithe door and cried : <\- ' Fire ! Bush-fire j! Close' hef4 !' "'Instantly most of the; forms. were'jspset, japd thelre was a. rash; for the door. . . Hi ! Stop a minut«,' cned Jack as The coUared:toB two friends arid -dragged them .laCk' ; '/ wo, wfll grit this o_ver Ww.' \- The clergyman! hesitated, theri rrikip- ping a good deal, fae began Ithe Jexhorta- tion'iri which' wives : get-ao much; good advice nqd hasbaudssolittle, 'Gh, never nrind aQ thatj' craed. Jato, stamping with .impatience ; : we will haVe toe "'amazement" land all the test 'qf.jt.toriieotber timb.— what have < :we-tomL-i Be qiutoi' "!. . Jack's ftierids made toe poor clergy man shovy where bs. haff! to ;Hg<i:l: And we all did it Jn;A«(esg&ato; Jhurjy,wtoe two witnesses ricrawlu somethiiig when 1 toeir trim1 bainC wod bolting jat /once. jalijtuttqoktoAto indgajre' -me» hucried lose. T . ' Goodim , dtor UtHe wife,' fee iwhiapered — 'goodjiye f arip "he Wah gone; lAvlng toe clagyrnari' Ziffle :: ; T ;:;!(," He— the clergyman — was a young rriaUfftret-Otit !from: Home. - He bad gStheri the -mridestooking - llttta .mah iritagihablo biri'little frettnd jfeDe- jpat astonishment. 'Ye husbands — -loveth hiit|tolf— ye wives — subject— plaiting of hair and wearihg of gold— amazement, ' he muttered -incoherently, l«okibg from . ine, standing alone in my white dross, to the deserted and upturned forms, and ithe cake towering-' In solemn grandeur rah the end of the room. I "believe he .manfully intended to. do his dnty, if no lone else did, aod finish that ceremony to the bitter end bat to read that exhor tation, at one poor woman left aU alone would have bepn, to say the least of it, persoual; so he gave it up and ehook: hands, as is the practice of clergymen. ' I— I wish you every happiness, Mrs. Rusbtoo,' he stammered ; toeo,remember- iog that I : had just been unceremoni ously deserted by my bridesgroom, and not being 'sure whether . such was toe custom of the country or .not, he mut tered something about 'sympathy ;' and. .then, gathered his wits together with a violent, effort, he burst not like Mr. "Winkle : ' Where are they i What, is the meaning of this most indecorous behaviour?' , I did not answer, but no to the door tp look out. What. itiMa Lhifl mnjinf ha rAnonhxl following me. Can't you see? Can't yoo smell?' I answered impatiently. ' It is a bush- fire.' j Ihe head-station was bollt-io a valley at toe foot of a range of hills that fonned a sort of semicircle behind it They were thickly wooded with -' stringy, bark,' aod; covered with -fern and grass- te eea, and-from among them there now rose, through air already quivering with beat, a colamn of thick white smoke! tbst floated upwards in billowy clouds. -The fire was near — that one coold tell by the smell of the burning, gnm-leaves ; ; and though it could not have been burn ing long.it promised to be a large fire, and a fierce one, for, as we watched, puffs of reddish brown rose before the white smoke, showing .. that Hie flames were getting stronger. The first set of men had disappeared over the ridge already ; bat Jack and his friends were only half-way up, and had stopped to. cot boughs from some- vuunff'sanlivum. Thav Inntnl has>k n-nrl I snatched .off my . veil; and :waved it to Jack ; they returned the salnte with , a fioorish of Jtheir branches, and then re turned tbeir climb ; while I twisted Hist, unfortunate veil into a turban and weDt to the house with the bewildered parson. We found Mr. Graen giving orders for the bonghs with which the verandah posts were decorated in honour of Christ: :rnas to .be palled down and all inflam mable things to be put away. Will the fire come here V asked, toe Rev. Augustus Smith anxiously. Not if w can help it,' said Mr. Green ; ' bat it will be hard work stop ping it on. a day like this, aud it is well to be ready.' ' If the fire doo't come, the sparks will,' said Biddy, whose experience of bosh-fires teas . extensive ; ' and them branches is just the things to ketch.' Yes ; get toem down at once,' said Mr. Green, and - he harried off! calling back to his wife : ' Send np some tea to the men oe soon as you can.' I went to my room to change my dress, and there on. the bed was my habit laid out for my homeward ride with Jack. 'Dear me! how differently the day was turning oot from what we expected,' I thought. If it had not been for the fire, I would have been put ting oo my habit instead of this print morning-drees. No. Ou second thoughts, I decided things bad happened so fast, snpposing the ceremony to have been finished properly, we woald jost have sat down to breakfast, aod I wonld be catting . the .cake ; instead of which I -went to the! kitchen and cat large honks of bread with cheese to match. It was really a disappointing wedding .day. What was the use of getting mar- ried oDlyto lose sight of my bridegroom at once and have to work away as if nothing-had happened? And Jack, poor fellow, whatri day he most be having, hard at work-in to® -heat aod dust and smoke. I felt, half inclined to give iri and have a rear good "cry ; but laughed instead, for through the window I saw the Rev. Augustus working hard nnder Biddy's directions taking down and carrying away the decorationB pnt rip with so nioch care an honr or so before. \- - Mrs. Green and T set to work at once on womap's work in time' of fire — -boil ing kettles itod getting tea and provi sions ready .for the men — no light task, iu' this instance, for there were thirty or forty men, and no other station near enough to share in the providing When the first batch was ready it was taken up the hill by two of the men's wives. / !Mf.. ptithYan<l I next bnsied onr- seives iff taking out and filling all the tubs in the establishment, and in toem; bgs arid-branch.88 to .be used in beating BhoutdYthe fire, come near thB house. . yrepaased. Mr. Smith and I, when we had done all we could,' and gazing up wards, wondered wliat it mriat feel libe to be .before that awful fire. ' Even .where tee we re, the air quivered and danced with (be heat and Bmoke, hod . the baked earth almost hart oat feet, .What jurist it be op there 1 we Wondered. The filed had strengthened, driving the smoke across' the sky ; and the sunlight ! coming, toroagh it, shed a lurid yellow glsre' po atl round. . Behind the bill the "smoke rose' thicker, faster, :Snd JabIVAB AMJ IIIM JAAM tfjCaflaa ' inate ' nf ' UOIAClj jfkUU vUQ UODJJ QUI1CU lUnl , Ut the fipe could be' heard.. As we watcheS, ' A Ggore appeared on toe top of toe hill,1 themAuotber and another, till quite : a dozen Were in right, ' I coulfi jost make opt Mr. .Green with Jaii arid hisfriends sidehiin! ' They seemed to be'eorisnlt! tog afrant something. : More'meu kept .totpug.by. twos arid threes, dragging or rewecojclied branchtM ; some flung tbem'selvei down Th the' nearest. sUade with (he characteristic impulse' ' of : old harids atbrisb-fites t;o ttoe a rest when_ jttey iifld.'iget it ' The stood- Iqlled ih jgrpupi>, eyiStotly ' waiting /-for " prfiere.!. . At last. trte;oquncliy of 'War on! | the hrti-ipp to Wi srid i Mt. Green;' ilntl along toeridgiearid shookbands .wuh jack, who with ten or 4' dozen men' startedqffin'theSitiori/indiM 'Is' V s ' ViWABLS iHsoovaar rai 'ro Hue.— U yonrhiar ta tenrinS mror wtiite.CriblUiiz-oa, uk "The :Meii<aii 4a3r;Xau»ar,,Vbr itttBIiiMiovehireitiife -te every ease Oris or WHte Scar to UsNHHka- color .-wfrncjit loaytax the dtragreraMBgnellct n»o«t -92nbaea/ Tt-?nirefl too t»«v Wttenni>Mv|o hrewtMhi as well u feromotangthe growth <dt mte f.'massiids. we zu>tr dscayed: t Ask yoor ssiarrmgon Bnwy Ix»- "n' -ii. 