.BEEOHWOHTH UNITED SHIRE COUNCIL. \- ' Thursday, Fob.O. ?i-esent: The presiiont (CrTli6tkili-i 3011) and CM Wilson, Ferguson, Warner, Tanswell, Orton, Fletcher, BiUson, V) ei- theim and Orawford. _ . The minutes of the previous iiieeiu.0 were read and confirmed. Civr.-spoiidence was read— ,ni His Excellency the Governor, fonvur ling reply to address of welcome allir.-ssed to him by the council. From the secretary of the Beechwortli an.l North -Easter n Agrimi'tur 1 "d Ror" ticulturil Association, makn'g application for permission to erec a temporary building for show purposes in the lown Hall Gardens. „ Ci- BILLSON supported the application, which was gi-nted, on fhe TANSWELL, seconaod by Or »» AObh. .7r„m A. W. Seymour, Kergunyan, cV, lining £4, for injury to his waggon. caused by the giving way of an mbank- me h at the bridge opposite Leonaici s, B.nvidgoe, on Now Year's Day.— No enteriained , Or TANSWELL remarking that the council would require to set &fl;(le the whole revenue for settlement ot claims for damages and in payment of laW-SUl R. From J. J. Cullen, Stanley Wishing 10 rent the council's pile-driver, for a snu coniract at the 'J arrawi.-gee slud e eliaunel. — To be infovmeu. tlnu- tue machine eould not be sp red. Fr- in tlie secret -ry Nort :-Easte n Municipal Association, no ifymg that the next meeting of the association would be lielrt ivuircn. . , Cl TANSWELL pointed out tnafc the council did not belo g to the association. Cl- BILLSON thought that the council -ovvlit to join that body, and pointed ou that if that had been clone before no donofc Beech worth would have scored the election of its representative (CrFl-tchei( on the Public Health Board, his appomt- ,ment having been lost by only two vobs. It was decided that inquiries be made :r,s to die objects of the association. From Peter Garbelini, Melbourne-road, asking permission to erect a fence ab ait 10ft Oil the line of road opposite tin. "Coach and Horses" for a distmce ol about ten chains.- No actum. From Edwin Gannell, Bcschwor.li, n: iln.t at ton fi on +p. ,1'" ' '!' Kerferd-streefc near - Ins propeiti . am ur«in" that immediate steps be taken by the c iimcil to divert fclie storm rrsun flowing on to his premises. Cr TANSWELL mov.nl, and cm BlLii- SON seconded, that Air Gannell iv , in formed that the engineer would att-.-nl to the matter.— Carried. From the secretary v, em-rat B ..ird o. Health, acknowledging receipt; of letter respecting the Chincsi Camp sanitary arrangements, and thanking the societal? for the information containel therein.— "D a .a/. vdfl From the Eiiginoer-in-chief, Victorian Hallways, stating : Deferring t your letter of the 7th December last, addressed to the Secretary for Railways, requesting that double gates, extending th- full width of the Albcr-road, may be erected on the Yackandan .lull and Beechwortli lino at Beechwortli. I 'nave the honor to inform you that niven your re- qu-st consideration. I am prepared to re commend, for tlie approval of the Railways Commissioners, tli't the gates be made double ISft Gin, instead ..f double 14ft Gin. Will \ ou please inform me if this will meet your wishes iu the matter I — Received. ' From D. Hourigao, C.irraragarmnugee. asking the council to reduce the valuation of his grazing area. — Referred to the Rate and Law Committee. From A. a-id A. Dale, Carraragar- mnneee, and Harry Walker, El Dorado, to th i same effect. — R-irerred to the Rate An/1 T nf nAiRiiiifi.fiP. From the lion. sec. Beechwortli Volun teer Fire-brigade, drawing attention to the present dilapidated condition of the bri"a le station, and asking what steps were being taken in tlie matter of building r AW 1 \ ! A1Y1 \ SG3 . the brigade being quite willing to assist in that direction. Cr "CRAWFORD stated that plans of theproposed building were being prepared, and ho therefore asked that the m-tter be allowed to stand over till next meeting. Cr BILLSON pointed out iliat it would be well for the council to hear the report of the Finance Committee before decid ing upon doing anything in the matter, He would be pleased t > see the brigade get the money required ; but in view of the many necessary works calling for im mediate attention (notably those referred to in the health-officer's report), he did not see how it could possibly be given, urged that the council take steps to borrow money to carry out the works so urgently needed, without which it would be im possible to do them, the present revenue . being totally inadequate to requirements Cr TANSWELL sii 1 he quite agreed with Or Billson's rem ika, and farther It was re3 jived that the matter be held over, a3 suggested by Cr ORaWFORD. From J. J. Cowan, Three Mile, bring ing under notice the bad state of the roads leading past his stor , and also of that leading to the po3t-"ili :e. and requesting early attention.— Referred to the engineer, to have the necessary repairs effected. From David Ilea, G psted, offering to erect a culvert across the creek below Croft's, in that locality, for the sum of £8 ; such being required to render the road over the creek passable. — Referred . to the engineer. From the Conservator of Forests, re precautions towards prevention of bush- fires. — Received. From the Secretary for Water Supply, requesting copy of council's balance-sheet . for the past year. — Attended to. From the Public Works Department, notifiyiug the revote of £39 Oj lid, to assist in completing the Tarrawingee i Sludge-channel, the council to expend a , like amount. — Received. I From the chief inspector rabbit extirp®- | tion, forwarding forms in connection with the Vermin Destruction Ach— Received. From the Government Statist, acknow ledging receipt of statistic il information. — Attended to. . . From the Under-Treasoter, enclosing forms for preparation of statements re lating to the Government subsidy for the ensuing year. — Attended to. . The he dth-officer (Dr Skinner) It,- ported have to report that since my last communication ail unusual number Of cases of zymotic Mscaso have been re ported to the Board oi Health. Theie have been seven cases of typhoid fe , two of diphtheria, and one of scarlet fo\ Cl . The particulars are as follow : \ -Typhoid Fever. — C;iSG 1. ISelly flnade. off Tlavelock-road : For this case Beechwortli is in no way responsible. I lie patient arrived in Beechworth on the 4 th January, and was, aeenjffijn8(tte;y|:; TnMhy-'O junion-sll 6 sick ; and in all probability contract-e l the disease in Barealdine. () l -eUSUintt, Wllicll She left on the 23rd Do.-ombor last ; and this is the more probaU ii3 I infor.HO that typhoid fever was prevalent in th. township at the time this patient passed fbromdi if. Mv instructions as to disin- fection were iu'totli -en tip cavrmvl out by tlie p i rents of this patient and I bave no fear oi the spread of infection from tin. j focus. Case 2. Robert Dorman, groom to Mr T. Tanswell, Newtown : The origin of this case is obscure. Dorman un doubtedly contracted the disease in Beech- worth ; but an inspection of Mr Tanswell's , premises satisfied me that there was no possible source of infection there, as they were a pattern of sanitary cleanliness; and I cannot account for the occurrence of the disease in this case except it was caused by some of the many foul gutters that we only too much "on evidence" in the town at the present time. The case- is being well taken care of in the hospital. Oises 3 and 4. Willi nn Hannan and Bridget Naugbtin, London Tavern : Gare- ful inquiry and inspection certainly dis close an insanitary condition "f premises. at the L mdon Tavern, but I do not ascribe the incidence of the disease here to thai- cause. I believe that a lodger barely recovering from the disorder, stayel . I he hotel from about the 13th to MiSc January last, and probably disseminated the germs by the medium of the closet. Every precaution is being taken to prevent infection from tliese n\o c.uic, , but i£ is possib'e that fresh cases may crop up from tlie former infection. Tlie in-nnii.ry state of premises referred to consis's "f defective drams, lne drains start from a bricked surracc be tween the kitchen and washhouse, and a well-bricked drain crosses the court-yard diagonally to near the Camp-street fence. At th-i start, however, the bricked surface is over the site of an old well and lias sunk about six inches, and the drainage percolates into the old well ; in addition to which, the wash-water from the bath never "«ts into the drain at all, but is all absorbed by this old hole. The state of .hat well may better lv. ima.nied than described. Further, tlie lower end of the iia3 never been bricked, and is simply a toiu givter huuui «ao x.. length : and the box leading under the Camp-street pathway is small, frequently choked, and for the past week the foul | wter has been flowing over t'-.o pa hway. I have pointed out the necessavy improve- ments to the lessee ; tlicy are self-evident, and ihe council should see that they are carried out without delay. Cases 5 and G. Airs Ge>rge Dennett and May Dennett (mother and daughter), Fincli-street : For these cases I bold the state of the town drainage responsible. -«-v i i 1 _ A v.. a AAWorfifl From liemiet -s drck uuyi vlrain (untrapped, through defective know - led jo) leads into the main town clram lead-in from the back of the Star Hotel to Holmes's Creek. This latter cannot but be a nuisance. Iu its construction it is suitable only for a sto-m-water main, and not for sewage. Leaking at every interstice, it necessarily is foul, and being unveuiilaieil, the fonl gas necessarily finds its way out at branches such as Dennett's. The sianor it is replaced by a proper pipe-drain the better it will be for the health and credit of the town. In this connection I may state that tlie street channels on the upper side of Loch- streei and of Finch-street (and also Last- street) are in a most unwholesome and dang- vous condition (for want of pitching or bricking), and, if I may be allowed to say so. are a disgrace to a progressive municipality like ours. Case I . George Davis, Alalakoff-road : Aly inquiries lead me to beueve tnat tills panem-a juuoob was causod by drinking foul water at- Wooracee from a stagnant lagoon. «> bile lie was sick at home, proper disinfection and burial of stools was cirrio 1 out, and on 31st nit. lie wa3 removed to the hospital where ttiese meiwm-ts sistently curied out. . "B— Diphtheri a— Casa 1. Annie Os borne. Spring Cr ek : There is no difii- | culfcy in tracing this case to that of _D. | Ivemiedy, reported on tlie loth ult. The j former is- an aunt of the latter, and went to assist in the housework at Kennedy's after the -child died of diphtheria. In a few davs she contracted the disease. " Cav.i 2. Mi'3 W. Thomson, Newtown : I fear tliis case must he ascribed to tlie foul state of 'the outfall of the Newtown drain, which is within a few yards of All- Thomson's back door. He complains (and with reason) tliat offensive matter fre quently c unes from a butcher's shop in Newtown, a:rl, owing to the irregularities of the ditch, lodges close to his dwelling. The drain ought, doubtless, to be ronned in sonic failiion. so as to carry the drain age well clew of dwellings. M: (3 _:ScarIet Fever. — One case (Harriet Osbol'n ', i5pl'l"Sf Gresa; U.ia I ha v.- utterly failed to trace the source of contagion. . . " Hc-narks.— I have no hesitation in statin that the health of the citizens is beinf seriously endangered by tlie_ de-. fective sanitation of the town, aided by the pr itricted lieat and drought. If lne channels and drains were properly con structed, a small quantity of towns water would be sufficient to e'eanse tliem. At present this is impossible. I am often told that Beechwortli is no worse m health matters than other towii3 ; but, from its situation and natural advantages, it ought to be ahead of most of thein, and I'fear that from year to y.-ar matters will get rapidly worse, unless the elifhculty be im mediately and . resolutely faced. But, apart from the long lonkedTor drainage scheme, private sanitation ought, to be better supervised;, and the inspector of nuisances onglit to make a house-to- house- visitation, at regular intervals, o _ a pi : - mises in tbe boroagb, and he will dbuL-tr- less find sufficient breaches of bye-laws to occupv bis- attention for some time. . The secretary stated that Dr Skmnerliad recommended idiat a family on Spring | Creek, a member of which had died fro? diphtheria, vacate- the premises-m wbiclv they resided, . on-aocount of tlieirinsanitary. condition. This, however, the house holder contended? that he could not attorcl I Cr WERTHEIAT remarked that the- ! council were not prepared to- provide si new house for the family. Cr FLETCHER-stited, witlh reference- 1 to tlie matter of dl-ainage, that tlie engi- I near had pre riarcdl a drainage scheme tol' ! tlie borough and estimated the- cost- at £1G00' It was impossible to do>anytlnng ! in the matter, in the absenco-of-fnndB, and nothing ouTTbe done unloss money were borrowed. He prop- sed that a sum of £3b09' be borrowed, and- nioved that the Finance Gbmm'ittee take into C011- SsidfiWipu; the.;qdj:iRite., 'rMraiSing 'a meeting of' the council.. - Cr- BTDLSON seconded tbe motion, ; which was carried. Cr FLETCHERrreadthe raport of the Finance Committee,, whicli recommended that the office of r.bbit inspector to . ... 1. rtnrre.llr fnV 1 1- abolished (tJiere- being. uo.iieecoa>"j "i under the new Act);, and fcliat Air A. Curd lie apooimo-l night-watchman, at a salary , Of Ids p-r month, The horongli riding.; account showed an overdraft of L4Ib4. /s. 3d- and the shire riding account a debit oh £1-200 TSs od ; making a total overdraft ot: £24415 5 s S:l. n , , . . The report was received? and adopted,. on- the motion of Cl- BILLS ON, se-- condeel by Cr FLETCHER, and the, following accounts passedifor payment .. Jas. Mitchelson ... ... £2'3 8 8 Tames Ciiappelt ... ... 3 10 G. Simpson Bra? 9 o Greig aval Wilson ... d ' - v b John Duncan ... 5 4 8- Vv. Pembei'ton ... 0 6 Andrews a-iiil Sou ... 7 11' 6i Jolm Clements ... ... 1 13- 4 A. ami J. Kyle 0 lCf TO Gas Company IS 2 O Wm. Kniglit ... . 1 19; Ul Janics Tells ... ... U l' b Travelling expenses ... 5 Br Skinner 5 3 n Colonial Mutual Ins. Co. 5 0 0 A. E. Taylor Jr ® Prosuc&nb;'s allowance ... >0' 0 U Salaries 7S 2 b __ - . i \ o.t. T H Day Itibor (5>orougn; — Bay lalxir (sliire) — 3 Day labor (parks &. gar- ' . dens) ... — ' 6 Toye, Ilohmiitb & Scott. 2 4 b Beck, Lo-.vc and Co. .... 1 2 n Crawford anil Co. — .9 1' Water Supply. Wm. I'nlmear ... 9G S o J dm Lang ... ... 7 17 G ll-.v 1 .!,:» 20 4 4 The- Rate and Law Committee's report was submitted by Cr-TANSWLLL, ftlld received and adopted, on liis motion, se conded by Cr Warner. The rep rt is as under— "The committee have tbe honor to reoorfc iu reference to a summons received claiming on bcb-.i f of Airs L. M. Glycle 4'4G for d mincres io a horse, and loss sustained, th.t Uiey iusu:maA G-o council's solicitors to defend tbe action. The report of the Borough Members Committee was read by Cr TANSWELL, and adopted, as follows : — "The committee have the honor to report that having received Mr Jeffs's ex planation in reference to grass, sic., burned at the Botanical Reserve, they referred the matter to the Parks and Gardens Com- mittee. An applicition tor water iin mining wa3 refused, and an instruction given that tlie water at present being sold be discontinued when the 28-feet level the Lake bad been reicbed. The committee duly considered Bye-law No lo, wh ch they now beg to submit for adoption by the cnmcil. The committee also re- 1 that the regulation for pro- hibiting ilie keeping of swine witlnn tlie boron-d) boundary, and repealing regula tion No 4 as submitted, be adopted by the council." _ 1 A report was received from the borough inspector of nuisances, of an important nature. ,. Cr TANSWELL also read, as under, the Water Committee's report : — " The committee have the honor to re port that they deemed it advisable to en deavor to purchase some 10 acres of land that was being sold by auction, and ad joined the lake. They deputed tlie chair- luiui to att end to tlie matter, anil tlie land was jougbt for £96 8s 3d. i " An aimlication to rent the caretaker s cottage was refused. " As some danger exists in consequence of psrsons using the boats rocking thorn about, the engineer was instructed to warn tlie boatkeeper not to allow such practices in future. :: In reference to a letter from Air H. J. .Jan-is, requesting that tlie water supply be extended to bis property at Newtown, the committee directed that Ml' Jai'VlS be I informed that the council would ex- end the water main to the borough boundary, ! and lie could if lie wished continue it to I liis plao? from that point." Cr TANSWELL referred to the fact that to water tlie trees in the streets a horse and cart and two men apneated to he required. He did not think that any private person would act in that maiiuer, lmt. would devise some" more economical method of procedure. The hire of a horse and cart with driver was 13s per day. ; Cr CRAWFORD asked why the hose ! from the main was not used. 1 The report was received and adopted, ! on the motion of Or TANSWELL, se conded by Cr WARNER. The engineer reported : — _ ' "I liave the honor to report that since i last meeting the roadsmin have been employed in effecting repairs to the Star Lane and Brewer's road in Vvooragee, Hurdle Find, Buckland, Three Alile and El Dorado roads, and at bridge near Morrison s, Everton. V i?i ' ' The ' bridgo over ; the., creek near i!ii Dorado is. completely done and lias fallen in I have closed.the road and made a temporary"' track .round the head of the creek The bridge over Norton s Creek, oh the El Dorado, road, is also in a very bud state, , and ; requires renewing. 1 would suggest that I be autliorissd to calf for -tenders for These works at next ,me 'S (c The engineer for the Bright Shire and myself liave made an inspection of the- boundary bridf. -at Alyrtleford, and find rt in very bad repaiT._ The easier abutment requires xenesing, .ancl tlie- whole bridge requires- to- oe re-decsiec.. The- bank of the creelckon-tbe west side also- requires to be protector! AVith sheet- : Dillnc. and I would suggeafr\ that ibis- council joins with tlia» -BiliglUOuneil ill- having the repairs carried .oufc.- 1 - .. Cr WARNER urged- tliat" aamethinff would have to be done- in-.tii© matter of providing increased rhnds- ffeu- i carryaig: out necessary works i» ivarioiw i par's ot tllO- sliire. The Tarrawr.ige® \ S udge- cliannel was sol-bingiithe- girea ter por tion of the lifShey availabib. a ml no w large- sums were x-equhvd! for- r epa ib»g and? renewing bridges, ...ass staSet . m true | engineer's report. He -consider ed tlwit renewed application would hay? a to pa- made to the G >vernmenii for '.a special errant for the sludge-channel. _ Without some provision of tlie kind bvin g made;, it would be inipossiblo- to tiittenc I to jhe- main. roads and effect other, mucl i-needsm wevks. . .. , ... The clause «-f tile report ralain lg to ti.e Et? Bbrado bridges v;AS-bekl over Ull d after the 'meeting ofMve ' Fingmce Com-- mibtoo to consider ths- xthanciai pOSltlOll' of tlie council. , , ... , "With reference to tr.G-bte at lViyiti-.v ford, the engineer strkedithat the cost of ' tlie work would be £Sa0j.b;io 3>eochworth couiicil's share being hah that sum. i expected to hen- from- tfe Briglm Sb.ie- i. t-r»nnw. engine r m tu« iil=cn,J." 0V FLETOHER moveie, and Cr \\\ LA THE! M s-ooii'le i. tlmt the council go- upenite with the Sliire m Lie- matter. — Carried. , .. , Or WARNER cennidei-ed that Gte- bri-iirc being on a . main road, assista-Me fe i wards its repair should be granted > by the Government. Tlie report was adbpied, on the nicuoii ©f Cr T A.IS 3 WEtlji sccanded by tlio- president. : Or ORTON urged that steps be iauen to prevent encroaGlimenfc by the U\eil3 River Oil the Myr-tleford-road. Cl- WERTHEIM pointed out that nothing had been done towards covenng a milling race on tbe Asylum Rul. It was resolved that the atteivojom of the Mining Depm-fcment be drawn, bo Jie m OrCR AWFORD drew attention, to the nuisance arising from the channel ill Hiffiv-strect, now the coach factory. Cr BILLSON urged that iaie eras should be cleared from the dnvnage i-igiw_ of-way from Camp to Loch slrsecs. Cr WARNER referred to the necessity for cleaving a culvert at the- top of tlie Newtown Hill. , Tlie engineer made a net© of eaeii matter.. . . - i Or FLETCHER brouglut torward a byelaw providing for Ike removal ef lliMltSoil and refuse, and other matters ot sanita' ion. He moved iia adoption. The motion was seconded by Cr lill- SCN, and carried. Or FERGUSON requested that a i. e /L, >vi nom? fallen tree bo ramoveai nom the road at tlie Lower Three Mile, as the-. reservoir was a great, convem-nce to the- ; travelling public. Or C RAW I?OTLT>- oftered to have the- work done free of cost to the council , tlie offer being thankfully aco-ptcd. _ Iu reply to Or Tax-swell, the engineer stated that certain of the improvements mentioned at last meeting in r,fei»nce to the Chinese C.nnp were being carried- out. \- The council then adjourned. 