Brevities. Council meet Monday night. What's the matter with the light? Oddfellows meet on Tuesday, night. Mulgoa Irrigation Scheme. Advance Penrith. The death is anounced of the Dean of St. Paul's London. The pipe laying is being proceeded with, at a rapid pace. Oh where! and oh where! has the top of High- street gone? For Boys' and Youths' Washing Suits, go to Noble & Co. * Tenders for waiting shed at The Valley close on the 15th inst Adjourned Fire Brigade Meeting at the Council Chambers to-night. For Boys' and Youths, Knicker Suits go to Noble & Co. Railway House. Mr. Sydney Burdekin, M.P., was on Tuesday re- elected Mayor of Sydney. Oddfellows social in Temperance Hall next Tues- day night. See advertisement. The Czar of Russia has forbidden his subjects to visit the gambling salons at Minorca. For Boys', Youth's and Men's Straw Hats in every shape and quality go to Noble & Co. * The Irish secessionists intend starting a newspa- per in opposition to Freeman's Journal. The Irish Land Purchase Bill passed, through com- ittee of the House of Commons on Friday. For Boys', Youths' and Men's Felt Hats, Hard and Soft any shape or price go to Noble & Co. * Sir Morell McKenzie has treated a number of consumptive patients with Dr. Koch's lymph. A large bush fire in the neighbourhood of Nyma- gee destroyed 240,000a. and 45 miles of fencing. Mr. Justin McCarthy has been elected chairman of the party who have seceded from Mr Parnell. The reduced postage rate of 2½d on letters to Aus- tralasia comes into operation on the 1st January. Tenders for the Penrith Mulgoa Wallace Little- fields, Luddenham, mail service close on Wednesday next. Commanding officers inspection of volunteers to- day at 3 p.m. The new tried service uniform to be worn. The Inspector of nuisances would do well to en- force the bye-law for the suppression of noxious weeds. The stevedores at the London docks have refused to go out on strike at the dictation of the Labor Council. A large number of Nihilists are being tried in Russia and sentences are being passed upon them in batches. The Irish delegates are returning from America, and Mr. Parnell has agreed to meet them in confer- ence in Paris. A free laborer named Richard Simpson shot a un- ionist miner named John Jeffries in the leg at Bulli on Monday evening. Locusts, in vast numbers, are invading the north ern portions of Victoria, causing great havoc among vines and fruit trees. Warning has been given to Paris bankers not to honour Mr. Parnell's cheque drawn upon the funds of the Irish league. The First Lord of the Admiralty refuses to allow a British cruiser to visit the Croset Islands and search for castaways. A cheque for £500 has been received, from the Miners' Association of Victoria towards the support of the Southern Miners. A married woman named Charlotte Markham died in Adelaide on Friday through taking a dose of carbolic acid acid by mistake. The Earl of Jersey sailed from Plymouth to Syd- ney on Friday, Mr. Goschen, Sir Robert Herbert and Sir Saul Samuel saw him off. Athletic sports and dancing on the lawn at Finn's Tattersall's Hotel grounds this afternoon, commenc- ing at 2 p.m. Band in attendance. Mr. Gladstone says that the Liberal party desire to introduce no scheme of Home Rule which will be unacceptable to the Irish people. The official declaration of the poll for the West Macquarie election was made on Monday, the num- bers being—Crick, 496 ; Boyd, 390. Is it a good line for a J.P. to even hint to a wit- ness that he is telling a lie about certain things, and that he, the J.P., knows all about it. In our police court report last week we ommitted the name of Joseph Irwin who was fined 20s, or failing to find the needful to "go up" for 7 days. When the news of the split between Mr. Parnell and Mr. McCarthy was conveyed to Mr. Gladstone he exclaimed, "Thank God, Home Rule is saved." Grand handicap pigeon match at Rooty Hill next Wednesday. Mr. F. J. Weston is the handicapper, and Mr. T. Wilkins, Hon. Secretary and Treasurer. A scene occurred at a meeting, of the Irish party on Saturday between Mr. Parnell and Mr. Justin McCarthy, when the latter repudiated Mr. Parnell. Public meeting at the Council Chambers on Tuesday next at 8 p.m. Business : Railway from Penrith to Luddenham and Mulgoa. All are in- vited. The secedors from the leadership of Mr. Parnell have subscribed £1000 in order, to assist those mem- bers who have hitherto received salaries from the Irish fund. The Kingswood Cemetery is not to be "foisted" upon the St. Marys people. See result of deputa- tion's interview with Minister for Lands reported in our reading columns. Quite a commotion in! High-street on Monday night, when one of two half drunk pugilists went clean through one of the large panes of plate glass at Mr. A. Judges shop. At the Foresters' Hall to-day Mr. R. Stuart offers at auction valuable, blocks on the Lambridge, Es- tate, Penrith northern suburb, also several lots in various parts of the town. Stocks owners are reminded that they must send in their returns this month. Failing to do so they are liable to a penalty of £20 which the inspectors have been instructed to recover. The Melbourne Centennial Exhibition Commiss- ioners explain that the loss of £238,000 on the ex- hibition was justified. as the greater part was ex- pended in paying men within the colony. The Marquis of Salisbury is very reticent as to the difficulty which ha9 occurred between England and Portugal in connection with the invasion of British territory in South-east Africa. How is it that the trenches were not properly rammed in High street after the water pipes were laid, and what became of the surplus earth ? It is stated that some of the aldermen know all about. Mr. Justice Harding, who has just returned to Queensland from a visit to Europe, is of opinion that the policy of the Colonial Office is, as far as possible, one of non-inteference in colonial Matters. Both Mr. Parnell and Mr. Justin M'Carthy are issuing manifestoes to the Irish people. Mr. Par- nell proceeds to Dublin to address a public meeting there on the crisis which has arisen in the Irish party. A pigeon match comes off at Rooty Hill on Wed- nesday next. There will be a plentiful supply of birds, and the affair in such hands as Mr. Frank Weston, J.P., and Mr. Thomas Wilkins should be a big success. Irrigation in the air. No sooner had the Mulgoa Irrigation Bill been put fairly on the road than Mr. Abigail introduces a Bill for the irrigation of Segen- hoe, a settlement a short distance from Musclebrook on the northern line. Considerable interest has been excited in Muswell- brook over the discovery of a relic of the bushrang- ing days, in the shape of a bottle stuffed with bank notes, supposed to have been the property of the notorious Thunderbolt. Snakes are numerous. During the week these reptiles have been destroyed as follows :— one at Mr. R. D. Graham's, Mt. Pleasant; one at Ald. Barlow's, Penrith ; one at Mr. J. Heron's, Penrith and one at Kingswood railway station. The Mulgoa Irrigation Bill was passed through the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday night, and re- turned to the Council with a message inviting con- currence in the amendment made. On Thursday night the amendments were accepted by the Council. The police are on the look out for boys with cata- pults. Already several windows have been broken at the public school and one or two of the electric light incandescent globes. The police will prosecute every boy found with a catapult and no doubt they will have a "lively time " before the Bench. Boys see to it and burn your catapults. 