Our Illustrations. The views of Killarney, with which we present our readers this week, are the result of a few days of tramping through that romantic district by our special artist. To those who are unacquainted with this part of Queensland it may be explained that Killarney is situated on the left bank of the Condamine, a short distance from the border. The principal street joins the road from Rivertree in N.S.W. A promise has been made by the Queensland Government to repair the Queensland portion of this road at a cost of £500 in order to secure the timber and other traffic, making Killamey's railway terminus its destination. One of our sketches shows the new Government bridge on the road about one mile from the border and 500 yards from the station. The soil of this district is the richest alluvial imaginable, and almost everything seems to grow in abundance. Wheat was tried here, and proved to be a failure on account of the richness of the soil. Maise of course is produced largely, and tobacco is cultivated by some Chinese exten sively. The Killarney fruit is reokoned by many to be the finest in the colony. The Presbyterian Church is one of the most elegant little structures to be found in the colony. It is situated on the top of a hill on the southern bank of the river. The view from it is charming. The A.J.S. Bank shown in the sketch is doomed to destruction, and ere this the new building will have been commenced. The School of Arts is a new addition to the buildings of Killarney. The hills shown in the background are in New South Wales. Christ Church is a building eleven years old. As it is insufficient to provide the accommoda tion required, designs for a new church are being prepared, and something like £400 has already been subscribed. The church stands on about two acres of land, and the house on the left of the sketch is the parsonage. The next sketch shows the bush-fire method of clearing scrub and timber. The meadow shown in the foreground is on the bank of Farm Creek, which is a tributary of the Condamine. In the foreground is seen a vineyard belonging to the Killarney Inn. The remaining illustration shows the local butcher taking his customers' supplies up the Barrier Range over tracks which most people would regard as impassable. 