YORK. From our own Correspondent. As last Sunday was the first in the month, the members of the Female Branch of the Sacred Heart Received Holy Communion. From the long record of acts of rowdyism, for which York has been so conspicuous in times past, on each recurring New Year's Eve, we now claim an exception. During the celebration of the last occasion every one, young and old, it seems, were impressed with a sense of respect due to the season, and conducted themselves with the greatest decorum and circum spection. Mr. D. Connor, of Newcastle, paid us a visit on New Year's Day. He came to meet his son, Dr. Michael. Connor, on his return from Ireland. While on the subject, I may state that we have had a large influx of visitors, and our town presented an unusually gay appearance during their stay. In our scattered community, great difficulty is often experienced in obtaining reliably accurate information, and this must be sufficient excuse for taking the following, from the columns of the Easter District's Chronicle: — A fatal burning accident hap pened at the residence of a Mr. David Evans, on the York-Guildford road on last Monday evening. It appears, that two of Evan's daughters were sitting in one of the rooms, when one of them turned down the lamp wick rather too Iow, the result being that it fell alight into the kerosene, and the lamp exploded. The dresses worn by the girls caught fire, and they immediately rushed into the open air, screaming for help. The breeze blowing at the time, of course, fanned the flames, and the injuries inflicted on both the girls were of a painful and alarming nature. The mother, in endeavouring to extinguish the flames that surrounded her daughters, was severely burned about the hands. Medical skill was immediately summoned, and Dr. McWilliam went from York with all possible haste, to the scene of the unfortunate occurrence, and arrived at the house ten minutes previous to the death of the eldest girl, who was about 13 years of age. The younger sister, 9 years, although not so badly burned as the other, received very severe injuries, and very little hope is held out of her recovery." Bushfires have been the order of the day during the last week, and reports from the surrounding localities, speak of the great damage done to farming property. They have also greatly augmented the summer heat, and rendered the atmosphere oppressive and stifling, from the volumes of smoke which have resulted from the conflag rations. January 6 1890. 