EDENHOPE. (from our own correspondent.) March 24. The rain that has Dtely faen (some 70 points) in this put of tbe district has done much good in many ways, bat especially in estjngnisliing the bash fires that had been raging in various parts. Although no serioas damage has been done by tbe fires, stall several thousand acres of bosh and grass have been consented. It is commonly rumored abont bete that these fires owe their origin to the rabbit inspectors: if this report be troe (and I have every reason for crediting it), it will give rise to serious reflection on the part of landowners whose properties sre situated in tbe vicinity of Government lands infested with rabbits. We can cope with the harassing rabbit, thongh it be at great cost and with macfo trouble, bnt with the raging bushfire, assisted by strong winds it is futile to combat. Tbe "squatter "and the " cocky" would tar rather have "bonny" as a neighbour and an invader than live in the proximity of ao all-devouring bosh fire. Last week the Salvation army had deter mined to hold a monster meeting at Sdeo- hope, and it was given oat that a whole posse of military officers, including a "major" a " captain" etc., would be present to bravely lead the soldiers now bring recruited along the path of victory. Great was -the expectation and the delight of the nnwariike warriors. Large numbers con gregated to witness tbe arrival of the "officers." The hoar of their approach was oear, it came, it passedaway. Tbe night was dark and stormy and a certain feeling of numbness, of dread, of loss, overcame the little faithful band, aa they sorrowiugly re traced their steps to their cheerless homes. . Here is the explanation of all this. It was middle-eight, " the time when evil deeds are done and ghosts do sneak about," and I. had retired to rest, when I was suddenly sta-tied by a wild blast of a bugle which was continued for abont three parte of an hour accompanied by demoniacal shoots. Thinking this some drunken .freak,! took no notice till 1 beard a boisterous noi&e; in front of the gate asking, " Is there-anybody about?" Ongoing o'nt with whip in hand to chastise the rude disturber of the nightly silence, I fonnd, to rdy surprise, myself addressing the 41 majo' himself who, as he said, had lost his way oo the . public road. j Several imilwihiMnt Imamonnl Inhety go far to prove the dire necessity of having an honorary magistrate living in the town- ahip of Edenhope itself. Tunes oat of number it "has happened that important business matters have been delayed on ac count of'tfae absence of a residential- I.E., and more than ever is his presence required in Edenhope since "the passing of the Rabbit Act. List year a very inflnentially-rigned , petition was sent to toe Minister praying that a certain , highly respected' townsman and shire councillor be appointed a commis sioner of the jpeacej bnt for some unex plained reason rib .-notice was taken of the petition- Sow'I.am told, another move ment ia on foot to .again petition tor an. honorary magistrate who shall be'a raident of Edenhope. Afyriada of locusts have made their ap pearance in the district, .'and are working groat havoc.'' Althoughtheyhave now teen ' rightor pine dayB here, there "is at yet no" sign, of ' their great enemy, the " Artemns Sordidos." . .. . ; 1 Oa dit that the Roman Catholic hisbop of the diocese sbortly infcendapaying Edenhope a visit, accompanied by several Redemptonst Esthers. w ? I >_ . """ e : - 