Local and General. WE have received the following sub scriptions during the week : — Mr. J. Murtha, Guildford, 7s. 6d. THE Albany Agricultural and Horticul- tural Society intends holding an Autumn Show of fruit, vegetables, and flowers on the 12th and 13th inst. MR. GEORGE ROBERTS, the popular Traffic Manager of the Eastern Railway, is expected to arrive by the steamship Albany to-morrow, from his holiday trip to the Eastern colonies. STRANGE to say that of the four boats, the Maud, Terror, Maori, and Karrakatta, which won the principal events at the Perth Yacht Club Autumn Regatta, not one was built in Perth. WE regret to learn, that Captain Pincombe, of the Franklin, became so ill at Cossack, as to be unable to continue in command, and that he has been compelled to return to Fremantle, by the Otway, on her downward voyage. IN view of the approaching Military Tournament, the Artillery corps' of Perth and Fremantle, have suffered some incon venience, owing to the severe illness through which their instructor, Mr. Matthews, has just passed. As Mr. Mat thews is fast mending, he will be able to take over his duties again, in a few days. MR. BENNION, the Manager of the Equitable Assurance Society, left last week for a brief visit to Melbourne, and it is probable that ere long, he will assume the management of the Company's branch in Brisbane. In yachting circles, Mr. Bennion will be much missed, for it is owing to his spirit and enterprise, that the Perth Yacht Club has been raised to a flourishing con dition — second only, to some of the premier Yacht Clubs of the neighboring colonies. THERE are to be races at Dardanup on St. Patrick's Bay. THE Victoria Turf Club are about to improve their course, by erecting a grand stand. THE Quarterly Licensing Meeting, for the district of Perth, will be held next Monday morning. A COMMANDING Officers' parade of the Metropolitan Rifles, will be held this even ing at 8 o'clock. MR. J. H. MONGER, of York, has recently imported a number of high-class draught horses, and also some well-bred cattle. THE directors of the W. A. Coal Company, have decided to purchase a borer, for use on their claim at the Irwin. WE hear that another newspaper will shortly be established at Albany, and will make its appearance in a few days. IT is rumoured, that two of Lady Broome's sons have been laid up with the influenza, and that she has been occupied in nursing them. BUSHFIRES are again prevalent, on the Albany Road, and caused an interruption on the telegraph line for half a day, on Tuesday. WE hear that, the children attending the R.C. Boys' School, and the Convent Schools, in Perth, will be entertained at a monster picnic in Easter week. IT is stated, Sir F. N. Broome is to be offered the Governorship of Trinidad, tho salary of which is set down at £5000. THE passengers by the last P. & O. steamer, were landed at the Land Company's jetty at Albany, and thence trained to the Central Station. MR. J. T. HAMILTON, who was so widely known as a " great traveller" for the A. M. P., has been elected a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, and of the Royal Colonial Institute. THE Venerable Archdeacon Lecaille, solem nized marriage on Monday fortnight, at the Vasse, between Mr. Flood, of Bunbury, and Miss Reilly, daughter of Mr. P. Reilly, a widely respected settler of the Vasse District. THE remains of a well-known old resident of the city, Mrs. Neeson, who resided in Mounts Bay road for the past quarter of a century, were interred in the R. C. Cemetery, on Sunday last. The deceased, was the relict of the late Patrick Neeson, a military pensioner. WE notice that Mr. Mather, is offering his smart yacht Hibernia, for disposal by raffle, at £1 per ticket. The winner will indeed be a lucky man, for not only will he become the possessor of a clipper, but of a boat found, and furnished, in a way rarely seen in West Australia. ____________ AMONG the visitors at the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, at the Musical Union's rehearsal of the Stabat Mater, was His Lordship Bishop Salvado, who expressed to the conductor, Mr. Hensman, his suprise at the proficiency shown by the soloists, chorus, and orchestra, in their rendition of Rossini's grand work. WE draw the attention of our patrons, of the Eastern District, to an advertisement placed above the leader of this day's issue. Our representative will visit the principal towns, on the days specified, and will be prepared to receive all monies due for subscriptions, etc. WE are requested to remind intending competitors, in the forth coming sports to be held by the Perth Catholic Young Men's Society, on St. Patrick's Day, that all entries must be sent in by Saturday next, the 8th inst. A horse drawing a heavy cart, ran away yesterday, and dashing down William-street, reached Bazaar-terrace, where its career was stopped by coming in contact with a telegraph post. The only occupant, a boy named John Williams, was thrown out and rather severely injured. A COURT of Enquiry, was held on Monday, to take evidence, as to the cause of the mishap to the barque Lucia. After hear ing the statement of the captain, the chief officer, and the idiot, the court was adjourned to enable the diver to complete a thorough investigation of the vessel. THE customs receipts for February, reached the sum of £13,591 7s., being an increase of £2,003 13s. 3d. over that, of the cor responding month of last year. MR. BROWN, the assistant light-house keeper at Rottnest, was knocked down, and run over last Friday. The wheels went over his body, and he is seriously injured about the back. ANOTHER vexatious delay occurred, in the training of the English and Colonial mails, which arrived at Albany, on Friday, and did not reach Perth until Monday after noon. IN the race for third class yachts, held on Saturday afternoon, the Robin Hood won by four minutes, beating the Terror, Ethel and Alert. MR. J. N. TAYLOR, who lives a short distance from Pingelly, on the Great Southern Line, has secured a wheat crop of 9OO bushels from 30 acres. PRINCE ALBERT VICTOR, during his visit to India, has not given proof of the possession of that savoir faire, which so distinguishes his august father, the Prince of Wales. MORE reassuring intelligence has been received, re the resumption of work on the Midland. But this time, the news is backed by a draft for £5,000, and work was resumed on Monday. Our supposed natural production, the albino " Jungun," has been attracting great attention in Melbourne. The papers have published long descriptions of him, and the Australasian, in an especial manner, seems to have been much taken with him, and his proprietor, Mr. McPhee. The rain, which fell out eastward of Champion Bay, came none too soon, judg ing by the loss which Messrs. Sharp and Mawhinny suffered, during the drought. A flock of sheep, numbering 1,100, and the shepherd in charge, perished miserably for want of water. THE Chief Inspector of Stock, Mr. J. M. Craig, has, with his usual energy and promptness, set about the work of clearing the Victoria District from that dreaded scourge, the scab in sheep. He appears to view the present outbreak with great calmness, and states that there is not much cause for alarm. THE tin mines continue to yield a fair promise of success. On most of the claims, preparations are being made to resume work, on an extended scale, so soon as the rains set in ; but, on two or three, suffi cient water is still obtainable, and operations are in full swing. One ton thirteen hundred weignt of tin, was sent into Bunbury last Monday week, from Mr. R. William's claim at Dumpling Gully. IT has often been remarked, that the officers employed on the Eastern Railway, are the most obliging body of public servants in the colony. One has, but to travel between the city and port, to verify this statement, by watching the guards Guilfoyle, Crewse, Barr and Malone, perform their routine of duty. Always civil, invariably obliging, they seem indefatigable, in caring for the comfort and safety of their numerous charges. THE match, Mets. v. Feds., was advanced another stage, last Saturday. The Feds, completed their innings for 106. Wilson, 24, well caught by Dr. Connor in the slips, Bishop 15, Cottrell, a dashing 25, and McDonough, not out 12, were the principal scorers. The Mets opened their second innings carefully, but, after the first wicket fell, the others followed rapidly, and they were all out for 48. This leaves the Federals 69, to get. Both Grundy and Bishop bowled splendidly, the latter securing 5 for 10. THE Launceston Daily Telegraph, of Feb. 20, says : — Among the passengers, by the p.s. Newcastle yesterday, was Sir James G. Lee Steere, Speaker of the Legislative Council of Western Australia, and dele gate to the Federal Council recently con cluded in Melbourne. The object of his visit to Tasmania, is to inspect the North east tin mining districts, and to make himself acquainted with the mode of treating stream tin, as recent discoveries of this nature, have been made in West Australia, and they give promise of a great future. Sir James, who visited Bischoff, when in Tasmania a couple of years ago, will leave for Scottsdale this morning, and will return to Melbourne by the end of the week. THE Fremantle Artillery are very regular, and punctual, in their attendance at parade. Last Friday evening, there were present, Captain Mayhew, the commanding officer, Lieut. Imray, and 31 members. The men are ably seconding their captain, in his endeavours to make a creditable appearance at the tournament, and under his direct ion, are engaged in a diligent and arduous course of preparation. THE banks have been busy, inspecting their stocks of gold, with a view to complying with the late edict of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that all sovereigns and half- sovereigns coined before the reign of Queen Victoria, shall be withdrawn from circu lation. It is supposed, that there are not many circulating in West Australia, as we understand that one bank, in going through its bullion, amounting to £40,000, found only 140 coins, which had been struck before the commencement of the present reign. THE two hours walking match, between McGovern and Strickland, for £10 a-side, attracted a fair number of spectators to the Town Hall on Saturday evening. Punctual to time, the men were sent off by the starter, and McGovern, going off with a little burst, obtained a slight lead. Strickland responded, and passed him, and gradually, but surely, increased his lead, until he was a clear lap a-head. After completing the seventh mile, Strickland complained of a pain in the side, and that his left leg was failing him. Notwith standing these hindrances, he kept on the track, until the completion of time. McGovern now had the race completely in hand, and won as he liked, by a lap, cover ing 10 miles 14 laps. It is extremely pro bable, that these two pedestrians will meet again, at no distant date, as Strickland has challenged McGovern to walk for £20, or £50. A COMMITTEE meeting of the Guildford Municipal Council, at which representa- _ tives from the various religious bodies were present, took place on Wednesday, in the Mechanics' Institute. The meeting was called, to decide upon a site for the new- cemetery. After a lengthy disscussion, it was ultimately decided to accept that, offered by the Government. The question of ways and means, next occupied the attention of the meeting, and a rough calculation, showing that the expense attendant upon placing the road to the cemetery, in a condition suitable for wheeled traffic, would be great, it was resolved upon the motion of Cr. Gardiner, seconded by Cr. Worth, that a deputation consisting of the Mayor, Rev. Father Kelly, and Messrs. C. C. Fauntleroy, and R. D. Hardy, wait upon H. E., the Administrator, and ask that a subsidy be granted, for the formation of the road. THE following cutting from a Wexford paper, will be of interest to many of our readers. The Mr. T. Clune, whose im personation of Antonio, evoked so much admiration, is a young West Australian, a son of the well-known genial squatter, Mr. J. Clune. of Victoria Plains. We learn from another source that, at the College sports, Mr. Clune carried off the first prize, for the running hop-step-and- jump, defeating fifty-two competitors, by cleaving 45 feet 6 inches. " The Christmas Dramatic Entertainment, commenced at St. Peter's College on Thursday evening, and as usual attracted a very large audience. "The Merchant of Venice," with which the entertainment opened, is by no means an easy piece for young amateurs, but the pupils of St. Peter's, by their admirable performance of it, fully justified the selection. The scenery and the stage fittings, generally the work of College pupils, were ex tremely pretty and appropriate, and no expense appeared to have been spared, upon the elegant costumes. Mr. T. Clune, who took the principal role of "Antonio", got through the part in a manner, that might put many pretentious professionals to the blush. His com manding figure, fine clear voice, and really genuine acting, were thoroughly appre ciated by the audience. Mr. D. Lyne, in the difficult and unpopular part of "Shylock," displayed considerable his trionic talent. His representation of the heartless old Jew, was perfect. Mr. R. Fitzhenry, made an admirable, and quite captivating "Portia," and was most enthusiastically applauded. He seemed quite at home, in this rather difficult part. Mr. F. Owens, maintained the dignity of the "Duke of Venice" to perfection, and the Princes of Morocco and Arragon, had very capable exponents, in Mr. P. Can ning, and Mr. P. Power. Mr. J. Holbrook was a clever Bassanio, and the following other parts, were well filled — Salanio, M. J. Donovan ; Salarino, J. O'Brien ; Gratiano, E Hartley ; Tubal (friend of Shylock), J. Murphy ; Launcelot Gobbo (a clown), servant to Shylock, J. Furlong; Old Gobbo (father of Launcelot), D. Law- lor ; Nerissa (waiting maid to Portia), M. Kelly ; Jessica (daughter to Shylock), W. J. O'Connor," THE Land Company has, at last, set about opening a passage, for the inhabitants of Albany, to the sea. Last Friday, a number of men were engaged, preparing the much talked of crossing, at York-street. THE Geraldton Building Society, may now be said to be established on a firm basis. A number of shares, sufficient to guarantee its stability, have been taken up, and all the preliminaries, including the rules, have been completed. ON the voyage out of the Cooleen, a fatal accident occurred, by which two men named McGregor and Johnson, lost their lives. While engaged with others of the crew, in taking in sail, these two men lost their hold and fell. Johnson came headfirst on the bitts, and was killed instantly, Mc Gregor, so severely injured his spine, as to die within two hours. THE Autumn Show of the W. A. Horticul tural Society, was a decided success, though not quite up to the standard of former years, in some respect. A very creditable display of flowers, fruit, and vegetables, was made, and the arrangements reflect great credit upon the Hon. Secretary, Mr. Carl Fuchs. A decidedly noticeable feature, was the large, and varied collection, shown by Mr. D. B. Rowley. His exhibits, certain ly monopolized the major part of the space, set apart for each class. We under stand that Mr. Rowley's partner, has had a large experience in gardening, in all its branches, and holds a first-class certificate as a landscape gardener. 