DONGARRA . (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) I should have written you ere this but hav- ing only just returned by the Rob Roy from the sunny south after a pleasant and profitable outing at the Races—could not fulfil my promise, besides, a fortnight from home re- quires pulling up to put matters even again. It is almost out of place for me to refer to the Perth races on the 1st instant, as the news is quite stale however I cannot refrain from referring to my favorite here Irwin who did not succeed as well I expected, his owner Mr. Criddle, however, is fairly well satisfied and still has good hopes of future victories. Now as to our district and it resources these I imagine are of far greater importance than all the Races especially as we have been favored with a magnificent season. I learn upon going my rounds that the land in my immediate vicinity has yield excellent crops, in some cases over 30 bushels of wheat to the acre, but this in very few cases. Mr. Criddle tells me that he has exceeded the 30 bushels, and Mr. E. W. Clarkison will reach about 25 bushels, so that these facts are very encouraging. The ruling price of wheat is from 4s. to 4s. 3d. free of board, and barley 3s. to 3s. 3d. per bushel, but sales are not forced, as a rise is anticipated. I hear of 200 sacks being shipped last steamer, 4s. free on land. The Rob Roy took a fair cargo from here on her last trip to Fremantle, over 500 sacks of wheat and 150 bales of wool and sundries and had quick despatch, arriving at 6 o'clock a.m and sailing at 11 o'clock. Who can deny the fact that Dongarra is not a good and safe port. Bush-fires have been very prevalent here of late but did not reach my way, however I sympathise with all those who had the worry and trouble in checking them, and I may mention that our neighbour Mr. S. J. Phillips assisted most materially in saving the crop of Mr. Robert Cousin's from total loss. The extreme heat of the weather caused the fires to burn very briskly, and after the warm work in keeping the fire from spreading, a good feed of Rowlands water melons, and grapes were very accept able. Reaping is nearly all completed, as the past hot weather suited splendidly for all the farmers. Cleaning up and tugging is now the order of the day. I much regret to inform you that Scab has made its appearance on the Irwin, and I am afraid that it will spread to several stations. I am anxiously awaiting the return of Mr. Morten Craig from Yarragadee to know the result, let us hope it will not be serious. Mr. W. Criddle has just received three very fine imported clydesdale mares, and should prove a very great acquisition for improvement of breed. I am informed that Mr. Maley is to be stationed here to work the Irwin Mill which that he hopes to turn out flour of equal qual- ity to any in the colony. Before concluding my small budget, I cannot refrain from referring to matters requiring immediate attention, namely re- pairs to the jetty, and, the absolute necessity for a Bridge at Walton's crossing, these are most important requirements and the Roads Board is endeavering to urge upon the Gov- ernment to complete the same, it is quite evident that our board cannot carry out these urgent works having no means at their disposal. In my next I will most probably be able to supply you with the total yield of the dis trict in the shape of wool, grain &c.; Irwin January 25th 1890 AN interesting experiment in the closing of public-houses by State interference is being tried in Hungary (writes an exchange). The Government has become the owner of about 10,000 public-houses by the redemption of rights formerly enjoyed by landowners and communes for retailing wines and spirits. A considerable number of the houses thus ac- quired will be converted into public schools, but some of them will be re-let under more restringent provisions for police control. The cost of the experiment will be between 70,000,- 000 and 80,000,000 florins, and this amount will be raised by a special loan. Many more wealthy communities would do well to enquire whether they should not improve upon the example thus set them by a State that is far from being financially strong. Mr. John Robyns of Irwin coal fame has re- cently been interviewed by the ubiquitous newspaper reporter in Sydney with the result that the Sydney Evening News of the 25th ult. contains two columns of interesting information regarding Western Australia its natural resources and probable future. Holloway's Ointment—Miners and Workers in the Goldfields.—This invaluable and re- nowned Ointment is extensively used and patronised by such people to their very great advantage, being easy of application and portable in small compass. When used in conjunction with Holloway's Pills in accord- ance with the clear and concise directions for use which accompany each pot and box, there are but few of the diseases which afflict mankind which will not yield to the sensative powers of the combined remedies. Holloway's Ointment and Pills do not det- eriorate by keeping, nor by change of clim- ate, and as they contain no deleterious min- eral drug, they can be used with the most perfect safety under the most adverse clima- tic and sanitary conditions. 