I Tale. . - A I My Wedding Day. I _ A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STORY. H Chaptee I. ' Well, Miss Grey, yon are going to have a scorcher,' said Mr. Green, as he greeted H me one summer morning. I wcnld gladly have doubted his word, for w it was onnstmas day, and, more, my wed ding day, as well ; hut early as it iva.s, the son was shining from a cloudless Bky — shin ing with all his might ; and, though he embrowned the grass and baked the earth, and pumped up every drop of water long ago, leaving nothing bnfc hot stones in the creek beds', he set to work as if he had just taken a contract to dry up the deluge and wanted to get done in time. ' Ah, well,' I said, trying to make the best of it, ' well, blessed is the bride the sun Bhines on, you know. I left the shady verandah and went across to' the wool-shed to give a finishing touch to the wedding breakfast, already laid there on a long table improvised for the occasion. Only the decorating part was left to mo ; and as I arranged such greenery and -flowers as I had, the old saw kept running in my head: 'Blessed is the bride the sun shines on.' Surely the Omen is true, fBio once, for was "there -ever such a splendid fellow as Jack or such a lucxy girl as Then I thought of my past life, and won dered if I was the same Mary Grey who two years— yes, only two years— ago had been all alone in the world. I remembered my timid, scared feeling at being among strangers when I came as governess to this up-country rim. How queer the life had seemed at first, and how home-like it seemed now. It was hard to realise that I could ever be nfrpirj of Mrs. Green, who was like a loving mother to me. I soon got to like my work, too ; and then — yes, then came Jack, and had things been ever so had, life would have seemed conlenr de rose to me. So I was dreaming over my work that hot Christmas morning thirty years ago, when I was disturbed by Minnie Green. 4 Oh, come anu see Mr. Stanley Dick Stanley was to be Jack's best man, and Mr. Brice, and — with emphasis—' the parson ! Such a funny ; little man, Miss Grey, with yellow hair, and a pink face like a baby's and white hands. Do parsons always have pink faces and white hands.' I never had an opportunity of answering this question, for just then Jack appeared and Minnie having gone to have another look at the cleric's English complexion and white hands which had so impressed her, we fell into a conversation, interesting enough to OUTRfllvftfl. Tvnf. nf nn fnnnprn +n till we were interrupted by Mrs. Green. ' Well, upon my word,' she said, ' what on earth can yon two have to talk about ? Come Mary ; it is time for you to think of dressing. You can't have anything very particular to say to Jack here, and if you have, there is all the rest Of your life to say it in.' With which profound remark she sent Jack to the dining-room, where a picnic sort of first breakfast was going on ; and taking me to my room, she brought me a a cup of tea and told me to rest aliltle, for I had a thirty- mile ride before me. Now, though my dress was simple in the extreme, and I could have put it on myself in five minutes, being a bride I must be dressed. Mrs. Green and Minnie, who was to' be my bridesmaid, undertook this office and hindered me sadly. My dress was plain white muslin, simply made, and I had not intended wearing a veil ; but Mrs. Green said that as they seldom saw a wedding, and she did not suppose I would he married again in a hurry, I might as well do the thing in Style while I was about it ; so to please her I shrouded myself in a length of plain tulle that covered me almost from head to foot, really the effect was rather good. At last I was dressed ; hut somehow we managed to be late and it was a quarter oi an hour behind time when I went across to the wood-shed on Mr. Green's arm ; while Biddy held an umbrella over my head, and Mrs. Green followed sticking in utterly un necessary pins to the very last moment. Every one was waiting ; and the shed deco rated with such greenery as was available, looked quite festive. At one end stood the breakfast table with the cake, home made hut imposing, a towering monument to Mrs. Green's housewifely skill. By a small table stood the clergyman in his surplice, looking a trifle out of place ; while round about were arranged all available seats from chairs to milking- stools and slab benches, with stick legB. They were all occupied, for as I have already said, a wedding was not an every day occurrence, and people had turned out iu full force. We advanced with all possible decorum, and the ceremony proceeded as usual till the ring had been put ou and the blessing given, when some one, breathless and dusty, dashed , in at the door and cried, ' ' Fire ! Bush fire ! Close here.' Instantly most of the forms were upset and there was a rush for the door. 4 Hi ! Stop a minute,' cried Jack, as he collared his two friends and dragged them back, ' we will get this over now.' The clergyman hesitated, then, skipping a gocd deal, he began the exhortation bn which wives get so much good advice and husbands so little. 4 Oh, never mind all that,' cried Jack, stamping with impatience : ' we will have the 4 amazement' and all the rest of it some other time. What jhave we to sign? Be quick.' Jack's friends made the poor clergyman show where he had to sign, and we all did it in a desperate hurry, the two witnesses scrawling something when their ; turn, came and bolting at once. . Jack justttook. me in h'is arms and gave me a hurried kiss. > Good by, dear little wife,' he whispered,/ good by' ; and he was gone, leaving me and the clergyman alone together. He— the clergyman — was a young man just out from home. He had a clear com plexion and fair hair parted down the middle and was altogether the mildest-looking little man imaginable ; his little round face just now displaying the blankest possible astonishment. ' Ye husbands — loveth him self — ye wives— subject — plaiting of hair and wearing of geld — amazement,' he mut tered incoherently, looking from me, stand ing alone in my white veil and dress, to the deserted and upturned forms, and the cake towering in solemn grandeur, to the end of the room. I believe he manfully intended to do his duty, if no one else did, and finish that ceremony to the bitter end ; but to read that exhortation at one poor woman left all alone would have been, to say the least of it; personal; so he gave it up and shook hands, as is the practice of clergymen. ' I — I wish ' you every happiness, Mrs. Rushton,' he stammered ; then, remembering that . I had just been unceremoniously de serted by my bridegroom, and not being sure whether such was the custom of the country or not, he muttered something about ' sympathy ; and then, gathering his wits together with a violent effort, he burst, out like Mr. Wilkie ; ' Where are they ? What is the meaning of this most indecorous be haviour ?' I did not answer, hut ran to the door to lookout. . .. ; ' What does this mean ?' he repeated fol lowing me. 'Can't you see? Can't you smell?' I answered impatiently. 'It is a bush Uro. The head station was built in a valley at; the foot of a range of hills that formed a sort j of semi-circle behind it. They were thickly; wooded with 4 stringy bark,' and covered with ; fern and grass trees, and from among them now rose, through air already quivering ' with heat, a column of thick white smoke, tbat floated upward in billowy clouds. The: fire was near, that one could tell by the burn- 1 ing gum-leaves; and though it could not : have been burning long, it promised to be a a large fire, and a fierce, one, for, as we watched, puffs of reddish-brown rose before! the white smoke, Bhbwing that the flames! were getting stronger. The first set of men had disappeared over ! the ridge already, but Jack and his friends; were only half-way up, aud had stopped to cut houghs from some young saplings. They looked back, and I snatched off my veil ' and: waved it to Jack;, they returned the salute with a flourish of their branches, and them resumed their climb ; while I twisted that; unfortunate veil into a turban and went to the house with the bewildered parson. ' ' ' We found Mr. Green giving orders. for the; boughs with which the verandan posts were: decorated in honour of Christmas to be pulled down, and all inflammable things to be put away ' Will the fire come here ?' asked the Rev. Augustus Smith anxiously. 'Not if we can help it,' said Mr. Green ! ' but it will be hard work stopping it ou a j day like this, and it is well' to be ready for i it/ . v : ' ' ' If the fire don't come, the sparks will,' i said Biddy, whose experience of bush-fires was extensive,, ' and them branches is just the things to ketch.' ; ' Yes ; get them down at once,' said Mir. i Green, and he hurried off, calling back to! his wife, ' Send up some , tea to the men as soon as possible.' ; j'1 I went to my room to ohange my dress, ! and there on my bed was my habit laid out) for my homeward ride with Jack. 'Dear! me 1 how differently the day was turning I out from what we expected,' I thought. If ; it had not been for that fire I would have been putting on my habit, instead of this print morning dress. No. On second' thoughts, I decided things had happened so; fast that, supposing the ceremony to have : been finished properly, we would have just ' sat down to breakfast and" I would be cut-; ting the cake, instead of which I went to ' the kitchen and cut large hunks of bread with cheese to match. j Itreally wasa disappointing wedding- day. i What was the good of getting married only i to lose sight of my bridegroom at once, and! have to work away as if nothing had hap- ; pened. And Jack, poor fellow, what a day: he must be ha7ing, hard at work in the heatj and dust and smoke. I felt' half -inclined to I give in and have a real good cry, but; laughed instead, for through the window L saw the Rev. Augustus working hard under; Biddy's directions, taking down and carry- i ing away the decorations put up with so; much caro an hour or so before. Mrs. Green and I set to work at once off woman's work in time of fire — boiling kettles : and getting tea and provisions ready : for the ; men — no light task in this instance, for there ! were thirty or forty-men, and no other station ; near enough to share in tie providing,: When the first batch was ready it wasj taken up the hill by two of the men's I wives. : ! Mr. Smith and I next busied ourselves in ! taking out and filling all the tubs in the i establishment, and placing in them hags and branches to he used in heating, Bhould the fire ! come near the house. We paused, Mr. Smith and I, when we had j done all we, could, and gazing upward, won- j deredwhat it must feel like to be before that ' 'awful fire. Even where we were, the air i quivered and danced with the heat and! smoke, and the baked air almost hurt our i feet. What must it be up there ? we won dered. ..The wind had strengthened, driving the smoke across the sky ; and the sunlight coming through it, shed a lurid yellow glare on all around. Behind the hill the smoke : rose thicker, faster and darker, and the deep sullen roar of the fire could be heard. As jWe watched, a figure appeared on the top of : the hill, then another and another, till quite , w uwz-ou v iwc IU Dlguv. J. UUU1U J UOL JUIUtB ! out Mr. Green, with Jack and his friends be side him. They seemed to he consulting: about something. More men kept coming 1 up by twos and threes, dragging or carrying . scorched branches : some flung themselves I down in the nearest shade, with the; eharac- ; teristic impulse of old-hands at bush-fires to take a rest when they could get it. ,The rest i stood or lolled in groups, evidently waiting; for orders. At last the council of war on the ' hilltop came to an -end. Mr. Green pointed along the ridge, and snook hands with Jack, who, with ten or a dozen men started ia the direction indicated. ; We had not noticed — or, at least, I hid' not, for, of course, I had eyes for no one else while Jack was in sight — that all this time the two women had been scrambling down ; the bill, accompanied by a msn, who ! turned off to the Btables, while the women ! came down to the house, whither we fol- ' lowed. 'Mr. Green says will you give Jackson tea and tucker for ten men ; Mr. Rushton is going over to the big range,' Mrs. Brown, one of the women, was saying as we came in. We all fell to work at once. Mr. Smith cut beef and sliced plum- pudding, while Mrs. Green and I made substantial sandwiches ; Biddy hurried up the kettles, and Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones packed things up as soon as they were ready. As we worked we asked brief questions, and got them' answered still more briefly with most aggravating interruptions at interesting points. ' Is it a big fire ?' 'Yes.'" ' Where were they when you got up ?' ; 'Just coming; 'off i the steep- range.: They had: stopped' the fire all along, but, it' got into the -stringy bark and came along over their heads: - Are these; the bags, ; Mrs. Green? Yes, they had to ruin. It got be hind Mr. Rushton and a lot of 'em: Where do you keep 'the clean towels ?' Imagine my feelings when at this point she dived' head first into a cupboard and be came deaf to questions. I can see it now, that country ' kitchen, fresh whitewashed in honour of Christmas, with a bunch of gum- boughs hung from the ceiling by way of a fly-catcher. A good-sized room, with a roughly flagged floor, just now intolerably hot; for we had a roaring fire in the large fireplace, on which two large kettles and a fountain were singing and spluttering. The window- panes were hot to the touch ; plates taken from the shelves were ready warmed, and the butter wa3 clear transparent oil. It certainly was warm work. At the end af the long table stood Mr. Smith, just now with knife and fork sus pended, as he gazed at Mrs. Brown, who was now intent on sorting towels. : ' But— but, Mrs. Brown- — ' he gasped. ' "What's that Z she said, emerging : from the cupboard. ' How did. they escape ?'. ' Oil, they came through it, of course. Here's a towel to wrap that pudding iu,' I suppose, if I had had time to think of it I, would have been wretched about Jack's danger— I was anxious as it. was; but we 'were all so busy that I had no time to fret ; beside, I knew he was safe. . If he had been killed / . badly hurt, nothing would have hindered. Mrs. , Brown from telling me every detail; . -s : ; I suppose we all looked hot ; hut poor Mr. i Smith was the picture of misery, as 'hestobd in his hot' black clothes 'slicing beef in a fomruiwifuTo nnnMArnhlv aliAv/tlHA nrvrana WWM.Vl.HVIMV MVWTV AVV UV4UOQ«f 'Why don't you1 take off your coat?' said; Biddy, noticing his distress. . .: " ' ! Poor little man ;,I believe he blushed; furiously, but can't ha . sure, for it was a ! simple impossibility for his face to get any! redder than it already was. 'Do, Mr. Smith,' said Mrs Green. 'I wouldn't work in a hot thing like that for anything ; besides, it's reil good cloth, and ; it's sure to get spoiled. Here, Biddy ; take Mr. Smith's coat and hang it up somewhere' out of the way.' ' Look sharp? sir,' said Biddy, holding out her hand ; ' I've do time to lose.' So he had to give it' up. Aud I think that after a while hie was glad, though just at first he looked hotter and more uncomfort able than ever. When we had packed up the provisions and seen Jackson start we all went into the back verandah and looked up at the hill. The fire was nearer now and the smoke was thicker ; ashes aud biifl 6i brunt fern and gum leaves were falling all around ; the sun shone hotter and the parched air seemed to scorch one's face: On thb hill-top the meai were cutting down branches and evidently ' getting ready for a struggle. 'They are going to burffa track,' said Mrs. Brown. ' I expect, they'd .like their tucker; now ; they won't have, time to eat when the i fire .comes.' ! . . j ? Where is' it now ?' I asked. ' About half a mile off '; :hut it won't take long to come,' said Mrs. Rrown. 'But,' said Mr. Smith; looking puzzled, 'why don't they extinguish it further off?' ' 'Because they can't,' said Mrs. Brown. ' It's, in a grass-tree gully. If they were fools enough to try to stand against it,' they would beu shrivelled up like so much brown paper.'1 And she went .into the kitchen, where Mrs. Green and Biddy were already preparing more tea and provisions. All this time I had been longing to hear more about Jack; but every one baff- been too busy to answer questions ;' now I tried again. . - 'What? said Mrs. Brown. Oh, Mr. Rushton P He's isn t hurt ;' not that I know on at least. Some one got his ' arm barnt, j but I don't think it was him'--iti ah aggra- ! "vating, doubtful tone— 'Mrs. Jones here) saw it all ; I only saw them afterwards. ! They did look like sweeps, and no niistake.' ' I didn't see much,' baid Mrs. Jones! modestly ; ' I only see half-a-dozen men .beatinglike mad ; and all at once the fire i got into the trees and some along over their j heads and they never took no notice till the sparks and things had lighted the fern behind them. Where's the sugar Mrs. Green? Yes! they had to run for it, they did ! But it was ! all so smoky you couldn't make out which1 was which. The fern was blazing and burn- ! ing bark was coming down like rain.; If it! had been up-hill they had to go, not down, j; wouldn't have got away, no,- not one of 'em. j Oh, no , Mr. Rushton isn't hurt;; he got hisi eyebrows singed and lost. the ends of his! moustaches, that's all. My husband has last j l.irt. T- J J J. ill' .i'. Ilall Ula utiaiU) t»uu gUb a JUUlty liih (j|4o OX your two hands in the liack of his waist- ! coat.' '. i ' Chapteb ii ' . ' ' What time is it ?' askedMrs. Green, when! .the two women had started tip the hill once) more. 'Two. o'clock? Yoii 'don't say so !! Weilj we may as well have a bit of some- ! thing ourselves. The fire will be on the top! of that hill in half an hour at the rate it is coming. ; If they can't stop it, it wi1! coine j down here, and we'll have to turn to and fight with the rest of them. , ' We'll have to look out anyways,' said: Biddy. ' The sparks will ;be all over the1 place with this wind, and it's not much time, we'll have then to be thinking of , dinner.' The children were called in, and we sat down! too picnics sort of meal, consisting of cold i beef and plum pudding, and a tart or two ; from the unfortunate wedding breakfast. These tarts reminded me of a fact that I found hard to realize — that I was really married, and that this was my wedding day ; yes, actually my wedding day ! and hers was I, the bride, sitting -down to a demoralized sort of Christinas dinner in a ho kitchen, with : a half roasted clergyman in his shirt sleeves . TVffa riitahn in a vrr\l n min i"\i a nnnlntiM aiiU iu.19 vsi av" -a u< a uouAiug apron. And Jack ? where was he? Over a mile away, fignting the fire in heat and dust and smoke. In danger, perhaps ! Oh Jack, dear. Jack ! And I lost myself in loving, anxious thought, till I wes roused by Biddy's 'My word !'. she said, coming.to the back door.' ' It's near now, roaring like anything and they 're beating, like mad.' : We jumped up at once and went outside, i There waB a fierce deep roaring, rushing sound like a big bush fire, and nothing else. The smoke hung over us thicker than ever and like a lurid cloud kept off the sunlight, thesun itself showing through it as a dull deep crimson disc, and through the! roaring and crackling of the flames we heard the sound of the branches as the men fought with all their might. While we watched, Mrsl Brown and Mrs. Joiies came hurrying down again' bringing with them some of the eatables they had just taken up. - i! ' ' They're no time to eat,' said Mrs. Brown ' but they're jubt dried up with thirst. They want some more tea just aj soon as you can send it up.' : . ' I will take it,' I said. ' Pray, allow me.' said Mr. Smith. Well, said Mrs. Gieen, « I expeot Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones are tired ; and heBide they want their dinner.' I went in search of shadiest hat, and the parson donned his coat— a great mistake, as it proved — and we started off, he with two buckets of tea an l i with one. Now, full buckets are awkward things to carry no a hillside at the best of timej, and when they are full cf tea, every drop of whiohyou know will he precious tothe thirsty men above, you get nervous and consequently . spill more. Mr. Smith started with a light heart to carry those buckets up that hill, and if his heart was heavier when he reached the top the jbuckels were considerable lighter. We got on well enough at first, but soon came to a steep place were, though our arms were aching furiously, there was no place flat enough to sett the buckets down. Then we had to sidle along the hill, and Mr. Smith had to hold one bucket higher than the other to keep it off the ground ; and in spite of all his care, the up-hill bucket wouldkeep cateh- ing on sticks and stones, and sending cata racts of streaming tea over his legs. He did not complain ; but it must have been too hot; to he comfortable. At last we got on a cattlo track, which made the walking easier, though it had its- drawbacks too, being, six inches deep in soft well trodden dust. The condition of the parson's moist legs after two minutes' walk through this may he imagined. He sailed benignly on, however, with., one long coat- tail in eaeh bucket of tea, tfli I could stand it no longer. ' Mr. Smith,' I said, ' i am afraid the tea will spoil your coat.' Dear me! dear me!' hesaid / what shall I do?, They will goin, and! can't put the buckets down, and the teawill be spoilt. Dear me 1 what shall I do ?' / Shall I pin them np for yon P I-asked. : ' Thank you, : : thank yon, Mrs. Rnshton; if you would' he answered gratefully. Imanaged to setmybneketdownandsteady it with my foot, white I pinned- the tails of his coat together behind, ss that it looked like a demented swallow-tail. ' Thank you, thank you, very innoh in deed,' was all he said just then; bnt when ..wis came to a place where we could set down our loads and rest, he , observed, as he mourn fully gazed at his muddy legs : ' Really Mrs. Rushton, I am afraid this kind ef work is detrimental to my cloth.' i At last we reached the top and found the i man Vian<4 at nrnnlr . — «««« »» WW a. AttOJUD uau uuxuu upuu them before they expected. Where a track ; was already burnt, they stopped it easily j enough ; hut just here they were having a ! hard fight. So much we learned from one j another as they stopped to swallow a panni- ' kin of tea and then rush back to their work j again. How hot they looked ; hot and tired i with faces scorched and grimy and eyes red : with t tie stinging smoke. I had seen , thirst before, though not quite so bad as this. ; Mr. Smith had not, I think, and his f aoe grew : ' very grave as he watched them. j i ' W ell, parson,' said one, as he drank the j i tea, in a voice husky and weak from exhaus- \ ; tion, ' you're a Christian for this if you never ; said a prayer.' / . j i The clergyman looked distressed; he was; a little shooked at first, I think, then I heard ; him murmur to himself : ' A ' cup of cold water ? I never knew what that meant until ! to-day.' ; "When! we got' dowff dgairi, he insisted on ! making another trip at once. I could not! ! help admiring him as he started np the hill ! i again with a bucket in eaoh hand, this time! i without his coat. , : 4 Well,' said Biddy, looking after him, 'he's! : got some pluck in spite of his coat.' He's a brick?' said the children, and I ! quite agreed with them. . i j The fixe was stopped on the hill behind the ' house, and the men had gone along the ridge i to stop it farther on. We had dismantled; the neglected breakfast table, and rear-! ranged it with more regard for compactness' than elegance, ready for the men's supper, and at last the loag hot day was nearly over. - Having nothing particular to do, I went and) sat under the baok verandah to rest. Mrs.: Jones did likewise, and leaning her elbows ' on hsr knees and her chin on her hands/ gazed silently upward' at the smoke that told : of the fight: still going on. Mrs. Brown! seized a broom and proceeded to sweep up ; the leaves scattered about by our: decorations, talking meanwhile about other1 bosh- fires she had seen. N6w that the' fight was no longer in sight/the sense of ex-' citement and conflict we had felt all day in some degree abated. Peaceful home sounds ; — theerying of acalf, the musical sound of milking from the bailyafd close by, and the cheerful tinkling of teaspoons in the kitchen; — contrasted strangely with a lurid glare of a smoky sunlight and the distent roaring of! -the flames. In a gnm tree close by were a crowd of magpies that 'had flown screaming away from the fire, and were watching it! -intently, now and then bursting into a flood - of angrj song; while once or twice a; flook of paroquets whizzed (shrieking over-' head. I paid little attention to Mrs. Brown's con versation,; but fell to; thinking— of Jack, of' course— till Biddy came across to the dairy with ber buckets of milk and Mrs. Green- came out and called tho children in to tea.; They' ! came scampering in, discussing the! 'day's events with a vivacity which put day; dreaming out of the question for the time' being. .; During tea the talk "was still bush-fires;, no one ever talks of. anything else while one .is burning. ; Afterward;, when Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Jones had departed to their respe'o-! tive homes— cottages a little distance off—, .and Mrs.. Green and Biddy were busy pre-' paring for the men, whom they expected Ebon, 1 sat, on a verandah and tried to talk the children into a calm enough state of mind for; -bed time. It had been a wildly excitmg day! f r them and a continual feast' as well, for; they had made raids on the kitchen every now and then, carrying off their booty to be de voured in some place where there was a good' view of the fire. They implored me not to, : speak of bed at first ; but in spite of' thpin-i 8)1 ves they grew drowsy as they calmed) down, and were soon ready to say ' good' night. , When they had gone Tlost myself in my own thoughts again. How long I sat there dreaming I do not know.. The sun had set,' the short twilight was ever and the smouldering logs shone out like large red stars from the blackened hillside above, when I noticed a strange light to iny left. Going to' t.he end of the house I saw a line of fire com fit j toward ushltmj th) flat. A smou'detinjr log must have rolled down from above and lighted the grass. ' Fire ! Fire ! just here!' I shouted. Mrs.. Green and Biddy rushed out and1 took in the situation at . a glance. Biadvi just threw back her head, put her hands to her mouth and ' coo-eed ' loud and long. . Get a can and wet the grass at the end of ; j ths house, Mary i' Mrs. Green called , to me as she ran round the house shutting the win- ' ; dows, to keep the sparks out. ; 4 Biddy,' Bhe continued, 4 throw water off the roof ! it's as dry as tinder.' Biddy gave one more long 4 coo-o-ee !, and, ! Beizing a bucket, fell to work ; while Mrs Green disappeared into the house, returning with the children, blinking and bewildered. Rolling them in blankets, she deposited them in the bed of a dried up creek near the house. Meanwhile, I had been running backward and forward with two large watering-cans from the tubs we had filled in the morning, trying to soak a strip of grass to check' the fire in its advances on the house. My task was only half finished, however, when the fire came upi. I caught up a branch and i called to the others for help. We beat and beat with all our might ; hut the wind was high and the grass long, and it seemed as if we couldnot keep it hack. The heat was in tense and the smoke choked and blinded us ; but we kept on till I felt as if each blow would be the last, and dimly wondered "what would happen when I gave in, as I must do soon. I do not know how long we worked ; 'it' seemed hours ; but I suppose it was not many minutes. All at once we heard men's voices and running feet, and a dozen strong arms were heating beside ns. It was a sharp tussle, but they got it under, and were just congratulating themselves on arriving in the nick of time, when a voice — Jack's voice — was, heard calling for help, and they saw that the fire, though turned away from the house, was making straight for the_ wool-shed, which stood on a slight rise a little beyond. Jack was fighting it single-handed. It seemed to he getting the better of him ; then while I watched, I saw him fall, and the fire rushed onward. And then I suppose I fainted, for I remember nothing till I felt my self slowly and painfully coming back to life .in my own little room. At first I was only conscious of a deathly sick feeling ; then I remembered that something had happened, something dreadful. What was it?' Ah! Jack, I believe I called his name aloud ; and then — could it be true ? I heard his dear voice answering me, and felt his strong arms and his kisses on my face. It was no dream but Jaok himself ! I hid my face on his shoulder and sobbed. I have a dim recol lection of hearing some ono say, 4 1 She' 11 do niw,' then the the door was shut and we were alone. I had my arms around his neck and clung closely to him unwilling to loose my hold even to look up at his face. ' 4 Hush, Mary,' he said — 4 hush, my dar ling. I am here, safe and sound. Look up dear, and see for yourself .' . At last 1 did look up. Could , tbat he.'Jac It looked more, like, a badly blacked - Christy minstrel. ' Why, Jack ?,' I oried, 4 you are as blaok as a—-—' and, I paused for want ,of a simile.:;- _ 4 A kettle?' he suggested. 'Come, 'little woman, don't ball namias. I fancy 'there s : a pair of us, he added, looking laughingly at me. ,' / ' Of courso l sat .up at ohce and looked to ward .the glaqs.to see what yas the matter, and! tbis, is what'' I saw— Jack kneeling ' T>y the side of the, couch/ looking like a sadly dishevelled sweep, for one of his- shirt-sleeves was burned off to the shoulder, and he was mere or less black all over; while his eyes 1 were red, and his teeth, displayed now by a hrnad orin. shono like a negro's from beneatn the singed and stubby ends of what had trace : been his moustache. As for me, my light cotton dress was ornamented by sundry prints of a human hand in black, while round my waist was a broad hand of the same hue. My left cheek was on9 dark smear ; whiie on the other as well as on my forehead and tips, were numerous rough hut uumis- , takable impressions of J ack's moustache. Xt was no use trying to he sentimental un- , der the circumstances ; so I laughed instead, to Jack's relief, for he had a main's hatred of , scones.'1 ; ; j '.How d!id you escape ? I aked. ) . '.I | thought I saw the fire go over yoji/ . ; r . ; 4 Why, so -it did,' he : answered. - 4 When I found I could not stop it, I lay i down -, and let it go over me.' 4 Oh, Jack ! yoii must have been hurt.' 4 Well, I found it rather warm, . certainly, j and I am afraid my clothes have suffered. There,, there, little wife ; don't cry like that.' The thought of his danger had been ; too much 'for; me. ) ' l am quite safe, thank - God." ' rdbn't think I am seriously damaged, j though my complexion is a little spoiled for the present.' , ; He staid talking, a tittle while, and then j had to rush back to his task: They had j ust ; managed to save the wool-shed, but a good deal of fencing had gone. The worst of the fire was over, but it needed watching. Next morning a rather dilapidated but 1 very happy bride and bridegroom started on their homeward way, after saying good- bye to a still more .dilapidated parson and being honored with three very husky cheers from all hands.- \- Chambers ' Journal. 