lu'JOL' i.'D sI I;E. ,--4--- (FROM Orr OWN CORRESPONDENT.) S;. I:February;17.' 4e have had a most welcome change e the weather and plenty of rain. .ihe prospects of any grass for 'the winter were looking rather small, and it is even now doubtful whether the rain has come soon enough, for the grass was fairly dried to the roots. The water supply, however, which was getting very short, has been replenished and is not likely, to become low again. The rain has also had the effect of extinguishing the numerous bushfires which were raging.- The bushfires have- caused considerable damage to fencing, and some split timber lying in the bush hais been destroyed. None of the promises of the Railway Commissioners show any sign of being carried out yet, but I suppose they have not yet had time to properly con sider the matter. A contract has, however, been let for a cooling shed at the station, but that was decided upon previously. A new station would be of much greater service, for in wet weather the present accommodation is execrable. If it is raiuing much pas sengers will get wet while buying their tickets. There is no accoilmodation for ladies, and no shelter of any sort. A consignment of brown coal from Mr. Crisp's seam was forwarded: to Swallow and Ariel, Port Mlelbourne, last week, for trial in their furnaces. It is to be hoped that the-experiments will be a success, and that the coal may come into general use. Mr. Reynolds, phrenologist and physiognomist, has been " doing" the district for d week, and has discovered multitudes of bumps. It is to be hoped that he has not caused too many to become dissatisfied with their positions in life, but he certainly found develop ments (according to his readings) which justified such. Had he arrived before the break up of the sly-grog shops by our local officers, lie would have dis covered many bumps where he would not have expected them, though per haps he would have had no difficulty in accounting for tlem. A serious fire took place at about 4 a.m. on Tuesday last, when Mr. John Harris' general store and dwelling were totally distroyed. Nothing was saved, the occupants narrowly escaping with their lives. How the fire origin ated is a mystery. The loss was partly covered by insurance. Haul it. not been a very calmf imorning several other places would undoubtedly have been burned: also. Mr. Attwood's .Lwine shop and billiard room had a narrow escape, being only a few yards from Harris's. One business place hasa changed hands in the township, Mr. Dickinson having sold out to a Mr. Healy from Melbourne, who commenced last week. 