Country Correspondence. LAIDLEY. FrOaM OUe OWS COBaESPONDEnT.l During the past two weeks,we have had suf ficicnt frost to satisfy a newchuns. The far mers had begun to be afraid that the winter would pass without anlly frost, and then they would be plagued with pumpkin-vines and other rubbish, which would iiiterfere with their spring ploughing. There is no danger of that,however,now. What we shall have to look out for is bush-fires. Such a season as the past has, of course, produced a great growth of grass, and it has kept green till the frost came, but now the paddocks look like ripe whet or oat-fields. A week of nice dry weae ther, accompanied by a west wind, and that grass would burn like mad. I see Messrs. Kellett and Co. will offer the remaining farms on the Rosewood Run, along side the line, between Laidley and Forest Hill railway stations. This is pretty well the last chance to get some of the Laidley land. Un fortunately the present is a very bad time to sell, there being so little money about. Good land, however, seems to sell well at any time. It is fortunate that the weather is dry, and consequently the roads are good, otherwise the Laidley Divisional Board would find itself in a mess. Your readers are already acquainted with the fact that the Board has no funds, and I suppose there will not be much of the rates in till November. It is the opinion of a good many people, that money will have to behad, for the Lagoon bridge mlust be repaired, and there is a lot of terribly bad places in the division besides. A loan seems to be the only thing that can help the members out of their difficulties. There is one very im portant piece of work which should be done as soon as possible, and that is a new bridge for Patrick- street, to replace the present structure which was put up by the Government. I hardly knowhow manyyears ago, but a good many, and it has seen the best of its days, besides which one-half of it is off the road entirely, and,altogether,it is anything but a credit to a town like Laidley. At the Laidley Police Court, on Saturday, before Mr. C. Duncan, J.P., Elizabeth Hall. better known as the "Scotch Lassie" was charged with being drunk in Patrick-street. She pleaded "Guilty,' and was fined five shillings, with the option of spending twelve hours in the cells. On Monday, before Mr. R. Hall, J.P., Thomas Wilson was charged with drunkenness, and as it was his irst offence, he was discharged. Later in the day, Peter Smith was charged, before Messrs. t. Wyman and. Williamn Hayes, JJ.P., with making use of obscene language in a public place. He pleaded "Guilty,' and was fined £1 and costs, or seven days in the cells. Last hight the Salvation Army had a tea meeting in the Victoria Hall. There was a good attendance, and everything passed off well. There was plenty of Ham, Jam and Joy, and though I was not able to be present, it is said that those ingredients mIixed remarkably well. Major Quick seems to be the right man in the right place a worthy saocessor to Major Wright. Extraordinary fatalities have been occurring among the horses in Laidley and district lately. Several reports have been made of horses here and there dying, but no particular notice was taken. To day, however, -three valuable draught horses, the property of Mr. T. Goggin, were found dead in a cultivation paddock, and reports received to-day state that ten more deaths of valuable horses have nouurred during the tlit? ew days. In every instance. the animals have been turned out in cultivation paddocks at night in good health, and found next morning dead or in great agony. On one dead beast being opened the throat was found to be dyed of asaffron colour, and theinternal organs were similarly coloured. One peculiar fact in connection with the fatali. ties is that the eyes of most of the animals were distended and protruded before death, and immediately after death the eyeballs have burst. In one instance the horse was bled, but to no effect. Sonme of the symptoms are drowsiness and stupidness, and in other cases madness. The fatalities have created conster nation amongst the farmers, and a telegram was despatlched to-day to obtain the services of Mr. Irving, Government veterinary surgeon, who is to arrive to-night and make an in esati gation. Up to the present time, no reason can be assigned as to the cause of the deaths, nor has any poisonous plant been detected. July 22. 