BULLEEN SHIRE COUNCIL. MONDAY,3RD FEBRUARY. The whole of the councillors with the exception of Cr. Meader were present. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Re the correspondence, the letters were read and dealt with. The drainage in front of Mrs. M'Gill's premises in Warrandyte was ordered to be inspected and attended to. Through this Cr. Kent withdrew from the meeting for the remainder of the evening. Cr. Kent was the person chosen from the Warrandyte council- lors to see to these matters, and Cr. Goodwin's action in proposing this work was a reflection upon him. With reference to bushfires, from the Lands and Survey Department, to be strictly attended to. Also, requesting the Secretary to promptly furnish state- ments. From the Under-Treasurer, re the allocation of second moiety. The following other business was transacted :— Cr. Lawford presented a petition asking the Council to wait upon the Chief Secretary to obtain better police protection for Doncaster. Another constable was urgently required. The President here stated that the members of the Templestowe Riding were about taking the necessary steps to secure a constable for Templestowe, they at present being left entirely in the cold. After the matter was discussed it was unanimously decided to make a joint application for a police constable at Doncaster and Templestowe respec- tively. The Secretary was instructed to arrange with Cameron, M.LA., for a deputation to secure the desired object. The following tenders were ac- cepted :—Formation of Pound road, Mr. Mullens, £8 4s 6d ; clearing and grubbing, Tindall's road, Tindle, £8 ; painting shire hall, John Hunter, £11 18s ; 700 yards metal, Green Gully, Cashon, £151 15s. The tenders for cutting and forming, Green Gully Hill, was not accepted. The Engineer was instructed to cut and form 15 chains and call for tenders for 30 chains more. Cr. Lawford wished to call for tenders without giving notice for several works in the Doncaster riding. The President objected to any de- parture from the ordinary rules; he believed they were overstepping their bounds, especially at this time, when the Nunawadding Council are taking steps to compel this Council to assist in building a bridge over the Koonung Creek to Blackurn. They want £473, and if the Doncaster Riding spent all their money the two other ridings would be affected. The President moved that (as an amendment) notice be given in proper form, which was carried. At this juncture Crs. Lawford and Sill left the chamber, leaving no quorum. The important business re Board of health respecting dairies had to be postponed. At as great sale at the Paris Auction Mart, the following prices were fetched by letters from historical and celebrated persons. Among them was one from Charles 1, when Prince of Wales, to the Duke of Savoy, his future wife's brother-in law, which was sold for 510f. ; one from Dudley, Duke of Northumberland, father- in-law of Lady Jane Grey, fetched 200 f. ; one from the Empress Augusta to a friend in Paris, 150 f. ; an ill-spelt, ungramatical one from Madame Goffrin, famous for her literary salon and her wit, 255 f. ; and one from Madame Roland, 305f. ; a promissory note written by La Fontaine, 145f. ; a legal opinion in Robespierre's handwriting and signed "Robespierre, advocate, at Arras," [940f.?] ; one from [Renardin?] de St. Pierre, 45f. 