MULTUM IN PARVO. Rain Not enough. Bushfires at Keehan. Weather gradually getting cooler. Splendid race meeting at Mowbray. Races not so good this week at Elwick. Some one shook Captain Barry'.-s manu script. London dock owners now employing non union laborers. A revolutionary rising in Stamboul has been frustrated. Tall persons eniov a greater longevity than small ones. Torquay and Formby joined hands. Vivo la Devonport. John Jarman, s.s. Cambria, drowned at Table Cape, Tuesday. The fish consumed in London annually would weigh 136,251 tons. Mr Andrew Town, prominent Sydney racing man, died on Monday. A Russian conversion loan for 1-J million sterling is about being issued. A movement is on foot for proclaiming Canada an independent)nation. has been established in Finland. Wood pavement lasts about six years I in streets were tbe traffic ie heavy. j It has been estimated that there are I nearly 3(5,000 blind beggars in France. I Two hundred thousand people die every i year in England of incurable diseases. - Terrible holocaust at Newport colliery, ! South Wales, 175 smothered by fire-damp. A seaside hotel near New York is a ; quarter of a mile long, and has 1200 rooms. Marriage with deceased wife's sister bill again to be introduced in Imperial Parlia ment. At the gold-fields, Transvaal, whisky brings 62s, champagne 25s, and beer 4s a bottle. Steamer Gulf of Venice, bound for Tas mania, has put into Portland with machinery disabled. The illumination of the dome and cupola of St. Peter's, Rome, utualiy requires over 300 men. The railway companies of England re ceive nearly two million a year from season ticket holders. To-day more than -000,000 of the youth of India are receiving an education in the English languice. Letters, in the handwriting of Pigott, the notorious forger, are advertised for sale at two guineas apiece. Fifty-five French priests had their sti pends suspended by the Government for electioneering sermons. Customs returns for the we»»k ending Pth February lost : — Hobart, £4497 12s Id. ; i Launceston, £2353 18s. I Alaska, with its islands, ie said to have a ! coast-line of 25,000 miles, equal to the cir cumference of the globe. Lord Carrington it is stated will leave Sydney in December for England. His term of office expires tbie year. II. M.S. Rapid and Royalist arrived at Hobart on Monday, and will await arrival of 1I.M.S. Orlando from Auckland. A movement is on foot to erect— in West minster Abbey or St. Paul's -a suitable memorial to the late Wilkie Collins. Two cheques for more than two millions of pounds each were passed last year through the Clearing-house in London. I Mr Arrowsmith, the Bristol publisher, has I arranged with Dr. W. G. Grace to write i his experience of ' Forty Years of Cricket.' I Till, old rnrrin rroB war* rar„ ha,rv K l state-carriage built for George 111. in *176:2, ! which coast £7652, weighed nearly four tons. The s.s. Gulf of Mexico has this week brought from England six blood horses valued at £8000 for Mr W. Wilson of Broken Hill. Tasmanian Governtment Railways show excellent progress : last week, return £6tiQ over corresponding week previous year. In the year ending October 31 last 1,810 patients bitten by dogs were treated at the : Pasteur Institute in Paris. There were 13 1 deaths. Tbe first electric tramway in Italy ie soon to be opened between Floreuce and Fiesole. Its total length will be 7,300 : metres. 1.UIU1 juswue -iniev, ci ^ueensiaoa, aoee believe in Imperial Federation, and says Australia does not want British surplus paupers. The average watch is composed of 175 different pieces, comprising upwards of 24,000 separate and distinct operations in its manufacture. It is computed tbat in India about 100,000,000 males and 111,000,000 females are neither under instruction nor able to read or write. The weight of fish landed in Great Britian and Ireland during 18S8 was 575.000 tons, of which somewhat less than I half was carried into the interior by rail 1 way. 90,008,0001bs of paper are, it is caculated, used each week in printing the London dalies, penny weeklies, and three principal illustrated weeklies. No less than 17,077 papers and periodi cals are now published in the United States and Columbia. There has been an increase of 8000 in ten years. Edison has just taken out his 500th patent for a new invention, and has also sent in nearly 300 applications for patents pending on all subjects, f Tbe annual average decrease of Indians in the United States is said to be nearly 2000\. Their present total number is esti mated to be about 245,000. It is estimated that the annual money value of the fruit consumed in Great Britain is £10,000,000, of which about 3,000,000 worth is imported. A number of reindeer have been imported from Norway, and turned out on a deer forest in the north of Scotland, in the hope tbat they may become acclimatised. A starling was discovered at the bottom of a coal-pit near Airdrie, and on being taken to the surface it next day returned to the bottom of the shaft, some 000 feet. The actual number of settlers in Canada iu 18S8, as shown by the returns received from all parts, was 88,700. This is an xuereubB ui oh compnrea wun ioo-. An average of _ a million letters are delivered by post in London every week day. In the city districts there are 12 postal deliveries every day, except Sunday. Blind men in Japan, instead of being led by a child, or dog with a string, carry a whistle, which they blow, and thoqe who hear it leave tbe pathway free before their ieet. An Indian runner in California recently travelled a 120 miles in two days to carry an important meesage. He showed hardly any sign of fatigue. A seaman at Milton, Sittingbourne, who has just attained his 100th year, was powder monkey on board the vessel which brought to England the news of the victory of Trafalgar. The wedding trousscan of the Empress of China filled (500 boxes, each of which took two men to carry. The Emperor's two other wives were able to pack their apparel into 200 boxes. The Due de Bragance, the new steamer of the Compagnie Generate Transatlantique, has just made tbe run from Algiers to Mar seilles in 23£ hours, which is said to be the The Russian Government isare organising an administrative railway staff composed of military men, who, in case of war, will re- ; place most of the civil officials on the west ern railways of Russia. Sir James King, the Lord provoat, form ally opened the new municipal buildings at Glasgow recently. The foundation-stone was Uid six years ago in George-square. The building cost £510,000. A new novel, entitled The Career of a Nihilist, by StepniakT will shortly be issued. It deals with movements or revolutionary j life in Russia, the hero bring one of the | chief agents of tbe Nihilist party. The number ot artificial teeth made in America last year by three of the largest business houses ia the trade was nearly 20,000,000, and this was not more than half tbe actual production of tbe country. Some excitement has been caused by a reported great find of gold in Western North Carolina, U.S. Experts declare that the gold shows itself in the same way, and is as plentiful as it was in California. There died recently, at Milwaukee, United States, a man named William Waterman, aged 114 years. His fir6t wife died at the age of 75. He married his second wife when he was in his 100th year. Recent Ceylon papers contain accounts of a remarkable ceremony which took place | lately iu Colombo. This was the recep- j tion of a gentleman from America, who ; lately arrived in Ceylon, into tho Buddhist creed. At a small farmhouse near Lockeford, about 17 miles from Stockton, California, recently, O. A. Ross, an itinerant Congrega- ; tional minister, murdered bis wife aud little ! son while they slept, and then blew out his ; brains. Sir Frederick Boberts considers that tbe services rendered by the workers in con Atfiociation has been equal to the addition of two buttalions to the effective forces of India. , Sir John Lubbock says During the! many years that I have bad ants under observation, I bare never on any occasion seen anything like a quarrel between any two ants belonging to tbe same com munity,'' It is said to be the intention of the United Mates Government to enclose a great sweep of forest land near Washing ton, and therein to shelter as complete a collection as can be formed of tbe animald of the enrtli. The btatue of a god in a sitting po6ture has been discovered at Tripolitza. The style of tho art approaches tbat of tbe autique Egyptian sculptor*. The statue is supposed to be tbe most ancient yet dis covered in Greece. It ii stated that tbe annual revenue re- : ceived from victors to Abbotsford-house, j the residence ot the late Sir Walter Scott, j Cart , umounts to £11'J, after deducting all : expends. The total annual value of the - houee is given at £294. | built in Syrucusa, New York State, for JJ. Edgar Crou.^e, n gentlemau known iu America as 'tbe millionaire 'horseman.' Wheu it is compleaed it will reprefent an outlay of nt Jeatt £100,000. Two Congregational churches in Maiue have a pastor between them. Both would like to Have his services on Sunday even ings, but, this being impossible, the difli culty is solved by the pastor's wife con ducting the service at one of the churches. By recent acts of the United States Con gress every Indian over 21 years of age who receiver an allotment of land in severalty becomes a voter. At the Interior depart ment it is thought that upward of £0,000 Indians will he entitled to a vote at the uext Presidential election. The County Council of London has abolished pensions. 1 1 has passed a resolu tion ; ' That in the opinion of (he Couucil, all officers to be appointed by the Council should be appointed on tho distinct under standing that no superannuation or pension f f hall be attached to the office.' i There are 574,740 occupiers of land in j Groat Britain— 4'27, 384 in England, 03,003 in Wale?, and 82,453 in Scotland— making i altogether 4G34 more than lost year. It ; appears that the area worked by tenants in | Great Britian is 27,881,123 acres, while only 4.852,2:25 acres are tilled by the owners. 