THE WEEK. — W: We have now experienced a week of terribly oppressive weather, and up to the present time Or writing there are no signs of change. The not weather has been e-eneral fhrnno-hnnt colony, and has told with wonderful effect on the waterholes and dams as well as the pastures; 3Even in the late districts the colour of the herbage has changed very much during the past week, the pastures being everywhere as bleached as during midsummer. Land holders generally are commenting upon the wonderfully rapid evaporation of water this season in the waterholes, etc., in their paddocks. We have only reached the beginning of the dry weather/ yet in "the majority of instances the waterholes and dams axe receding with an alarming rapidity that threatens a short supply in a very few weeks mnless we get some heavy thunder showers' Anere is every reason to believe that rain is hot far distant. Exceptionally- heavy rains, follow ing a week of sultry weather, have fallen in Queensland and the northern districts of New South Wales, and latest reports show that the change is moving in a southerly direction, so that when the "break up" of the present oppressive heat sets in, the probabilities are that Victoria also will be visited by a heaw downfall, J The Queenslander reports heavy rains as being gaLaghoiri Jhe northern colony. In S16? dam«e« tea »><«n Oone by tho flood waters, but from latent tele- feraj)hio reports it will be seen tbat the floods fe'fiSE. AJ Normanton the 3er has fallen 3ft. and is steadily reciting. In the fioulhern and central eoaetal districte rain has fjeen taJiing almost continuously. From Rock hBmgtoa we learn that the Comet River is rising and that the Fitzroy is receiving large quantities of flood water. Heavy rain wfalliL in the Wide B y atid Burnett districts, and there jte some fear of a serious flocd. In the Moreton district rain has been falling, almost without intermission for several days, and at present there are no signB of the weather clearing up. Later telegrams report a continuance of the heavy rains, .the inland districts obtaining a Very large supply. Dams and tanks are over flowing, and the creaks and rivers that a few Weeks back were perfectly dry are now running hank high. A splendid season for grass is now regarded as a certainty. \- After several days of intensely hot and sultry weather, the northern and' western districts of . Ne« South Wnles.. have been visited/ by un-. -usually; rafibs. Bouihe and the neigh- bounng distxicW experienced a phenomenal fall of imjWilKbi having, fallen in two days than was negistered during the whole of last- year. Itwepty-four hours 7jrak fell. The downpour was the heaviest expefienoBd for sixteen years. New EngiaSid ahdme northern river country have had steady rains. In Lith- gow and floe .mountain districts generally it has been oold, wet, and disagreeable. Wlloaunia and the west have had a rainfall of from a few pointp to 2in. On the coast, and in the metropolitan districts the downpour has not beehaa strong. In the south it is threatening, and raining in soma localities. At latent re ports the weather was warm, sultry, and showery In the interior. The crops are now nearly ad garnered ; but, douWiless, seme of the late uncut crops, .and thosc stooked in the field, will suffer naoreor less. Fortunately, the crops ar so far secured that a good harvest is assured, JRusfc has pinched the late crops in a few districts. But thiB is by no fheans general. The rein hife effecfaaUy checked bushfires, and assured-a prolific yield of -gram and plenty of water for the autumn and winter months. Harvesting work is now very nearly at an end in South Australia so far as the north is concerned, and the dry weather which has been so fevourable for gathering in the mops will ahortly be looked upon with anything but favour. Already (the Chronicle reports) there are complaints that water is becoming scarce, and that water-carting will soon have to be resorted to In some of the dryer districts. The shrivelled state of some of the wheat which has lately been reaped, and this from crops I which before the appearance of rust promised a heavy yield of flue plump grain, has been a sore disappointment to those who had confi dently expected a good return for their year's labour. Unfortunately there appears to be no wheat yet discovered which can be regarded as proof against the climatic conditions which favour the development of rust but that which comes to maturity earliest has the best chance. The Minister of Agriculture, has received a report from the Melbourne agents of Messrs. Joseph Fison and Co., regarding the proposed shipment of potatoes to England. The writer says: — "Of my own knowledge., I am aware that from Christmas to' March potatoes are sold retail in England as high as is. 6d. per lb. When making a tour of the colonies in 1887) I found that at AacMand new potatoes were in the market as early as October, and know ing the high price obtainable at home during the period mentioned, I arranged to have a case sent by one of the mail steamers of the New Zealand Shipping Company to London. This case was stowed, in, the cool chamber, and leaving Auckland about the middle of December, arrived in London to wards the end of January. The potatoes were in perfect condition. The "kidneys" were valued at from £30 to £50 per ton (whole sale price) in London. The potato that realises the highest price is the kidney. The shipment should be made in medium parcels by consecutive vessels. The potatoes should be packed in boxes, containing, say, from 25, 50, to 1001b. each. No paper should be used in the packing. It is doubtful if the boxes are any the better for being made practically air - tight. Until the shipping companies can give some guarantee of an equable temperature of a suitable degree, I am doubtful if the trade can be profitably undertaken. My experience is that' the so- called cool chamber is a delusion and a snare. While one portion of it may be at fiOdeg. another may be below freezing point, and while one shipment may be landed in perfect order, the next may he quite worthless." The Chief Secretary, Mr. Deakin, has issued a circular to members of irrigation and water supply trusts and persons interested or engaged in the practical work of irrigation and intense culture, inviting them to attend a conference to be held early in March. Delegates are asked to prepare short papers upon important subjects connected with irrigation with which they have practical acquaintance. Amongst the subjects suggested are the method of preparing and laying out the land for irrigation so as to ensure the proper grading of the water supply that there may be do waste ; the most approved method of applying the water to different soils, a id with "different crops ; their treatment, and the results already obtained ; the management of trusts, and the collection of rates and charges. These sugges tions are net meant' to restrict discussion, out merely as a general guide. The Minister of Agriculture has received a report from Mr. Ffrench, the Govern ment entomologist, showing the work he has done since his appointment. His first duty was to inquire into the working of the Oodlin Moth Act of South Australia, and as to the manage ment pf the museum of economic botany at Adelaide. He has microscopically examined and reported upon tare species of laivee and insects forwarded to the department, collected specimens for the purpose of illustrating the handbook of economic entomology, for which some excellent plates are now ready. The first number of this handbook will shortly appear. It will treat of the diseases ef the apple and pear, and will set forth the latest remedial, measures. He has been engaged in the formation of a valuable library and of a collection of insectivorous birds named and described. He is. now taking steps to secure the establishment here of a museum of economic entomology. The Conservator of Forests, Mr. Perrin, re ports that he took advantage of a recent visit to the Australian Alps to examine the quality of the timber. The trees are somewhat stunted and for commercial purposes are not veir valuable. At an altitude of 3,000ft. there is a remarkable disappearance of all the best varieties of trees. Several new plants of economic value and botanical interest were ob tained at Mount Hotham at an altitude of 3,600ft. This discovery is regarded as impor tant, as indicating the geographical distribution of Victorian plains. The Minister of Lands has asked the committee of the Australian Awonnmaon for the Advancement of Science to supply him the names of four gentlemen— two and two praotical agriculturists— from New South Wales and South Australia likely to take an interest in the pro posed intercolonial conference on rust in wheat. Mr. Dow thinks these men might form the nucleus of a commission, and as he regards the subject as of the utmost importance he is losing no opportunity to gather together the best oprnion available. Owing to rust in wheat. \ ictoria s loss this season is estimated at from £500,060 to £750,000, and South Australia's is stated at £1,000,000. In New South Wales the rust did not work quite so much havoc, but even there the injury was quite sufficiently large to attract theittention of agriculturalists aud politiciana „ - She Minister of Agriculture hasbeen supplied with a report from Mr. D. Wilson on the trial ' shipmenfc of potatoes and onions sent to England by the R.M.S. Orient on thelTthinst. Theahte- ment consisted of lhirte en cases of red potatoes, averagingiOOlbj each. The seed came from Brown's River, Tasmania, and the potatoes were grown by Mr. 3onnor, M.L.C., on his estate at Cororooke, near Colac. Finer samples Mr. Wilson had never seen, and he thinks the seed would yield great results if planted in the Bungaree district, near BaUarat. The potatoes were all Ted in the skhy hard as stones, and just ripe, without any sign of seoond growth. Six Gases were packed with dry earth, six with dry grass, ana one with hay. The dry grass packing seemed to be the best to stand the journey. Tme will tell, however. Five cases of globe onions grown at Bellarine and Fyansfordin the Geelong district, by Messrs. Southerland and King, in good order, nard, and sound, were shipped. In three of these esses each, of the onions was wrapped in paper, in tee remaining two cases the onions had no -covering, - If the shipment had been made in «. chamber cooled down to40deg., there is no doubt all would have arrived at London in good condition. But lying where they are, in the hatch of the forehold, the result is not bo certain. The freight -charge is £5 per ton. With all other expenses, it might amount to about £7. The agent in London who is to receive the shipment has been instructed to note the result of the different Btyles of packing and the pnees realised. Under the Maliee Act the Goveraor-in-Coun- cil has sanctioned the appointment of the folio w- ing local committees for the destruction of vermin : — Eastern Vermin District : William John Ingram, Thomas Frauds Hogan, John Irving, James Lonergan, William Noble. Middle -Vermin District : Thomas Connellan, William John - Camp, Samuel Fielding, William Adam Cooper, William Beck ham. Northern Vermin District : Arthur Crozier, Henry Craswick, W. M. Pater- son, Hurtle A. Pegler, Jame3 J. Robert son. North-Eastera Vermin District : William Wood, William Gumming, Andrew Macredie, Walter Macfarlane, Edward Harewood Las- celles. North- Western Vermin District: Dugald M&cpherson;, Samuel Carter, William M Donald, Arthur Dugald Macpherson, Arthur Scott. Pond's butter boxes, which have a reputation throughout the whole of the Australasian colonies, are likely to have a formidable rival shortly. Some few months ago the Olago Witness chronicled a successful shipment to Scotland of some butter in boxes enamelled by a process patented by Mr. M'Gregor, of Roslyn; Since -then several trials have been made of the new process, all giving satisfactory results. The patentee has now entered into an agreement with Messrs. Walter Guthrie and Co. , of Invercargill, who intend to go into the business on an extensive scale. Already orders are on hand for a very large number of boxes, and next season it is confidently anticipated the industry will assume large proportions. The latest statistical records issued from the American Department of Agriculture indicate an average yield of cereals, a full supply of meats of all kinds, and a cotton crop adequate for all demands. The increase in variety of fruits, and in area occupied, in California and Florida, is yearly enlarging the nation's resources, and in some directions limiting importation of sub-tropical kinds. The great crop of American arable culture, maize, is larger in breadth this year than ever before, com prising more than half the area of nil cereals, and representing three-fourths of all the maize grown in the world. It promises slightly more than an average yield, which has been about 26 bushels per acre. Though slow in germina tion and early growth, - in the Eastern and Southern States, from moisture and low temperature, the season was long and frosts late, with freedom from droughts, except in local and very limited areas. The production of wheat has for Beveral years been so large as to reduce the price to a point so low as to dis courage growers. There has been an increase of demand siuce 18S0, due to increase of population, of 70,000,000 bushels, a decline in foreign demand of about 65,000,000 bushels. The exportation of 18S0-81 was 186,321,514 bushels in wheat and flour; the average for eight years since has been 121,300,638 bushels. The United States still supplies the larger part of the European defi ciency, which La much smaller than in the period of poor European harvests about ten years ago. The present crop will be a full average (be tween twelve and thirteen measured bushels per acre), but the quality is below an average, with lower weight and bread-making capacity. There is an ample supply, however, for all prob able European demands, though deficient yields elsewhere would tend to sustain, if not to ad vance prices. The necessity of economy in meat production has stimulated greatly the pro duction of hay and dried forage, and the ex tension of- the silo system, which hns been en couraged by the demand of succulent feed, in the absence of scarcity of roots, has greatly en larged the volume and variety of feeding mate rial. In the arid regions lucerne has absorbed a considerable area of irrigated lands fg assuming large proportions in the crop distribu tion of these areas, The increase of forage and hay is relatively greater in the South than in any other portion of the States. Cooked or uncooked food for pigs has al ways been a debatable point with pig-breeders some agreements it must be admitted being ad vanced on both sides of the question. At several of the agricultural stations and colleges in America, experiments have recently been made to test the respective values of cooked and uncooked food for fattening pigs. In au of these the gain and advantage have been in favour of uncooked food ; but in none of the experiments are these so plainly shown as at the Wisconsin station. These trials were made with great care and accuracy upon pigs of various breeds, fed in one series with barley meal, and in another with Tndiaw corn. The uncooked meal was fed dry in everv instancn and the cooked meal was will coolbTsSm Intkebarleyserios the averagequantityof cooked food required to make 1001b. of pork, live weight, tous 6281b. Of baxtey meal, uncooked, only 5891b. were wanted. In the mea series, 5171b. of cooked meal were required against 4631b. of uncooked meal to make 1001b' of pork, live weight. Experiments in this direction at the Ontario College proved that peas fed raw gavq 1001b. gain in live weightf or 3601b. of peas; but that 4751b. ofcookXpeas were required to produce the same gain. Trials with whole maize at the Kansas Agricultural College proved that the difference between cooked and uncooked maize was one-fifth in favour of the latter. 