NEWS AND NOTES. THE Hongkong-Saigon oable was interrupted on Monday. MAÍ¿8 for Bunbury'and VasB» will be made np at the General Post Offioe on Friday, the 7th instant at 10-30 a.m., for transmission by .theB.s.AUwny:^-'' '.''?* --.'-'- *,J "* .:a';'; AT the Perth Police Court, yesterday, William Green was sentenced to 21 days' imprison- ment, for drunkenness.1 J1 FloriCHarford, a little' girl; ' 12 years of age, charged on re- mand with vagranoy, was further remanded for eight days. BUSH, fires, we are informed, have been prevalent in the Bunbury district during January. A settler named Dickson has suffered severely. All his,sheep, his .house, and furniture, have been'áestrdyed':'" Much' sympathy is felt for him in the district, as he is a very hardworking man. IuroBMATioN !was received in Fremantle yesterday, by Mr. L. Alexander, of the death of the senior member of the firm of Messrs. Falk ft Co., of Adelaide, Melbourne, London, and Fremantle, Mr. Philip Falk: . Inconse- quence of thisa gontleman's death, the Fre- mantle warehouse will bo olesed to-day. A SHOOTING case is reported from the Black- wood District. An aboriginal named Mickey discharged a shot gun at another native named Tommy. The charged lodged in Tommy's arms and back, but he was not seriously injured. His assailant has not yet been arrested. Jealousy is supposod to have prompted the deed. WE understand that Mr. W. H. Stevens, shipping clerk, under Mr. H. King, at the Frbraäntte' offioè of Dalgety- 'ft'Co.,' has ac- cepted an appointment from Messrs. Mcalis- ter & Co. of Singapore, to represent them on tho West Australian coast. Ho will take .the place of Mr. A. Cumming, who has joined the firm as a partner. ON the/fourth page of to-day's issue the following items of news.will be found: " The rains in the Eastern Districts ; York. RoadB Board meeting ; " Heroes," an un- published poem by Robert Browning; the annual general meeting bf the W* A.'Fire Insurance Company, Limited; the usual monthly meeting of the Perth District Board of Edncation, held yesterday j and our min- ing news. A SUDDEN death took pi tea yesterday morn- ing, in the Frtmantle Lit tie A-ylnm, about 11 o'clock. A man n.i n I J hn Harris, about 70 years of age, TLIO iu.d been an inmate of the asylum for about 30 years, was ali right .when the surgeon superintendent paid his usual viBit.'iHe did not complain of being unwell, but during the morning ho was found dead, by one of the warders. An inquest will be held to-day. , , YESTERDAY, as a horse and cart belonging to Mr. J. Back, were proceeding up Cliff Street, Fremantle, the animal suddenly swerved and came into collision with the gateway at Mr. Shenton's warehouse. The cart was heavily laden at the' time, and the force of the col- lision drove the shaft of the cart into the left jaw of the horse, penetrating through the nose and leaving a large bole on the other ¡side. ¿-The animal bled profusely, and is now being attended by its owner, who has hopes of saving it. THIS afternoon, what promises to be a highly successful bazaar, will be held in the Town Hall, Fremantle, in aid of the North Fre- mantle Catholic School recently opened. An active committee of ladies has been hard at work preparing for the event, and with Miss Bessie Gibbons, as seoretary, they have suc- ceeded in making arrangements for an at. tractive fancy fair. The bazaar will open at three o'clock and will continue open each day throughout the week. THE following names were added, yesterday, to the daily list of persons, for whom un- claimed letters are lying at the General Post Office :-W. Blackburn, Mrs.F.Buttler, Mrs. P. Burgess, J. Barran, Lizzie Bolwell, E. Cranshaw, J. Doherty, J. Davis, J. T. Den- nis, Sbaboa Habil, Miss Harvey, A. Hendey, J. Larcen, C. Meadows, A. Miley, P. Mulhall, \- Peterkin, Miss E. J. Palmer, J. Robinson, R. Stewart, P. Shannon, P. Telford, Mrs. Taylor, H. Trudgian, D. Thomas, Louisa Woodward, W. Worsell, W. W. Wise, Marian Williams, F. J. Wilson, W. H. Wright, and Annie Williams. ON the 29th inst. the landlord of the Farmers' Rest Hotel, at Bridgetown, attemp- ted to remove a shepherd named Hollings- worth, who was drunk. Some words passed, and Doust,the landlord struck Hollingsworth. The latter pulled a knife from his pocket, and struck at Doust. Doust warded off the blow from his body, and escaped with a severe wound in his thigh. The shepherd was taken into custody. Dr. Laffan happened to be on the spot, and attended to Doust immediately. The wound is not dangerous. Hollingsworth was brought before the Resident Magistrate' on Thursday, and as Doust was unable to attend, was remanded for eight days. Mr.1 A/ FVSON, who for some time past bas filled the position of manager of the retail department of Messrs. Higham ft Sox's t business at Fremantle, has accepted an d appointment with the firm of Tolley & Co., s Fremantle. Mr. Fyson was generally liked in the town, especially by the customers of the firm, while his prowess in connec- tion with the struggles of the Fremantle Rowing Club at Perth and Fremantle, his crew being as yet unbeaten, brought him prominently before the public. His numerous friends at the Port will be glad to hear ef his promotion1, and will wish him every prosperity and suooess in his new daties. Air extraordinary coinoidence is reported from Fremantle. On a Wednesday afternoon lately, Mr. Forster, atoreman at Mr. R. N. Waldeck's establishment in High-st., was fishing along the South Beach, when he observed a small dark objeot on the sand. Its peculiar formation and eruataceous appearance attracted his attention, .,aad picking it up he began to out away its side. His penknife bade au iricisioa, which wh'eá* opened disclosed* a sixpence in the oentre, muoh disooloured with the action of the sea. The coincidence is that the date of the six- pence was the year of Mr.' Forater's birth, and that the day on which he discovered it was his birthday.'' LAST evening a farewell dinner was given by several of the members of the .Weld Club, to Mr. R. E. A. Wilkinson, on his leaving the colony and the club, on ' the occasion of his retirement from the management of the Bank of New South Wales. The chair was taken by Mr. E. W. Haynes, chairman of Com- mittee, and he proposed the health of the guest of the evening in flatter- ing terms. In the course of his reply Mr. Wilkinson traced the progress of the oolong, Binee his arrival in it five and a half years ago, stating it waa his answer to a gentleman who observed to him in Melbourne that this colony, in its pastoral industry, had made no progress since 1883. We believe Mr. Wilkinson and his family leave finally for New South Wales on Friday afternoon next. _ A MOVEMENT has for some time bean on foot for forming a Limited Liability Company, for the erection and working of a Roller Flour Mill in the distriet, says the Southern Time» (Banbury), of the 3rd inst., and Bteps are being taken to procure an accurate estimate of the cost of a complete set of machinery on the most approved principles, and from statistics carefully collected the promoters are sanguine that the undertaking will be productive of great benefit to this district, and remunerative to the company. To en- sure public confidence, thorough efficiency and judicions economy, it is intended to have the machinery erected by a competent msn sent by the makers for that purpose,and to employ only practical millers in the management and conduct of the business. A LEADING pianist, delares the Sydney Bulle- tin, bad soma fun the other evening at the house of a certain wealthy person to whom Euterpe is merely a vulgar unknown barbarian. It is now and then this pianist's jocular wont (in "private) to perform in sharps with the right hand, and flats with the left while the audience beg for meroy and tie them- selves into knots, and at the aforesaid wealthy person's house he did the same thing for a lark, expecting every moment an- agonised prayer to " please leave off." But no, the more dreadful the discord the more his hostess eat back in her chair smiling like a rat-trap, and when he finished with a particularly awful ohord she clapped her hands and said "Lovely! wasn't it a morso of' Choppings ?" Which the lady's name is 'f YXSTEBDAT morning an inquest was held at the Lunatio Asylum, Fremantle, before Mr. R.'Fairbairn, R.M, and a jnry, consisting of Messrs. F. Collins, H. R. Chipper, and W. A. Armatrong, on the body of William Liddle, aged 53, -who died on ths previous day. According to the evidence of Dr. Barnett, who' was present, the deceased was sent from Albany and was admitted into the asylum on November 30th last year. He was quite demented in mind, and had remained so until the time of his death, which took place at 11.55 a.m. on the previous day. He had been wandering about the bush thinking that people were trying to poison him. He was in a feeble bodily state, and gradually got weaker. On January 27th acute peritonitis set in, and although the deceased had every attention, he gradually sank and died from that attack. A verdiot in accordance with this evidence was returned. The deceased came to the colony in the ship William Hammond. ACCORDING to an exchange there appears |to be a great difference of opinion in Melbourne with regard to exporting butter to London. The Victorian Government has recently been encouraging this trade by means of a bonus of 3d per lb., and as a result over 860,000 lb, of butter have been sent to Tjondon during the post season. The butter was sold in London at about Is per lb., and the Victorian Government dairy expert declares that if the surplus production had not been sent out of the colony in this way, it would have had to be sacrificed at very low figures by reason of the glutted state of the market. The leading salesmen take an entirely opposite view of the case, and state that the butter could easily have been sold in the colony, and that the only result of the bonus system has been to dram the market of the best sorts of butter, leaving the inferior ' kinds for the Victorians themselves to consume. House- wives also complain that they have to pay from Is 6d to Is 8d for butter not so goed as that sold in London for Is. " W.H.P.," writing from Northam, says :-It may be of interest to yonr readers to learn that it is possible to pick up a plum even in a backwood townsite of Western Australia. In 1802 Mr. G, Throssell reaehed Northam. On trie 91st December, 1889# that gentleman and his lady banqrietted 200 guests in cole* bration of the completion of his new store, erected at a cost ot ¿4,000. This fine build* ing which is, in every respect, admirably adapted for business purposes, is 90 feet long by 60 feet broad. The basement is provided with ample and well-ventilated cellars, adapted for carrying on a large trade in bacon curing. There are two retail stores on the ground floor, occupying a breadth of 60 ft. by 40 ft. Above the retail stores, and running the whole length of the building, is an extensive warehouse for furniture and up- holstery. The dinner at the inauguration Was everything'that ooald be desired,' and the cordial welcome of our genial host,"and the courteous attentions of our fair hostess, cembined to render the occasion certainly one of the most enjoyable social festivities ever held in the townsite of Northam. The" manager of the National Bank" (Mr! Malden) the Resident Magistrate, and the Rev. Mr. Kerami and a host of others did hononr to the occasion'.,' THE following passage from the Art/us of the 22nd nit, throws some light on the question as to the price of potatoes in London, referred to by our correspondent " Spud " in our Sat- urday's issue. The misunderstanding has evidently arisen through ignorance of the quality of the potatoes. Those exported from Melbourne are evidently "new " potatoes, which command fancy prices in London in the winter months, though the previous season's are aheap enough. " The colonial manager for Joseph Lisbon 4 Co., England, has for- warded to Mr. D. Martin, secretary for Agricnltnre, a communication in which he offers his experience respecting the shipment of potatoes to the English market. He states that from Christmas to Marsh, potatoes of good quality sell rapidly in Landon at Is 6d per lb., " kidneyo " and " rounds " being pre- ferred, and realising as much as from ¿30 to ¿50 per ton wholesale. They should be sh.p ed in medium parcels, and in boxes of uniform size. Paper should not be used in packing them, as it absorbs the moisture and makes the potatoes dry. Tho successful shipment of potatoes wili be impossible unless an oven temperature in tho cool chambers of the ships can be guaranteed. The writer's experience in this respect has not been favourable, as he has found that the temperature in one part of the chamber would be about 50 degrees, whilst in another portion it was below freez- ing point." As will be seen from our digest of the official meteorological report, and from other intelligence appearing in today's issue, the long expected rain has at last fallen, and in very satisfactory quantities. Less thanda week ago, we were able to record the occur- rence of a remarkably heavy downpour in the far northern parts of the colony, and since then the threatened rains in the loss remote districts have fallen, and from north to south there have been splendid showers. One »f the most satisfactory features is the good reason which exists for believing that the rain has extended to the Yilgarn Gold- fields. At Newcastle on Monday, and at York yesterday, the indications were strong- ly ia favour of the belief that it had not only travelled in that direotion, but had reached the place where it is so very greatly needed. It is to be hbpedvthat before long, we may receive the welcome intelli- gence that these expectations have been re- alised by a heavy downpour. From the East- ern districts we hear that in some cases, the rain has done some damage, but it has not been extensive. A private letter received from Newcastle, yesterday afternoon, stated that the fall there had been very heavy, and owing to the heated state of the ground from the prevalence of bushfires recently, the moisture could be seen in some places rising 'from'the ground. / ^ * ' > A VERT original parting between a husband and wife recently took place, says an ex- change, at the' New York docks. The lady was about to make the voyage to Europe, alone, like many other fair Americans,; while her lord stayed at home to work and supply her with the neeessary funds .for her tour. 'After' placing his wife on the Canard liner, which was to convey her to Liv- erpool, the' husband withdrew to the landing-stage and addressed a group of men, who were loitering about, in «the following terms :-" Which of you would like to earn a dollar P " Two or three answered in the affirmative, and the gontle man, after selecting his man, gave the following orders :-" You seo that lady dressed in black, standing at the ship's side ? Well ! that is my wife. She will expeot me to stand for at least twenty minutes and wave my handkerchief to her till the ship is out of sight. You understand ? I am very busy, and have no time to waste ; my wife is very short-sighted, so that it will do just as well if you take my place." " And if the lady looks through a telescope ?" " I have thought of that. Bury your face in your pooket-handkerchief and she will think that I am overcome with emotion." " That will cost half a dollar extra ! " " All right. Time is more valuable to me than money ; only do what I tell you. Yon may, in case she looks throngh the telescope, throw in a* few hand kisses at, let us say, throe cents, each." The merchant then thrust the money in the man's hand, and hurriedly looking at his watch, departed. ACCORDING to the official meteoro'og'o -1 report issued at 9 a.m., yesterday, the fo low- ing rainfall was registered for the preceding 24 hours: Derby "Olia., Broome *14in., Lagrange Bay *03in., Condon 'Hin., Fortescue .05in., Roebourne "12in., Cossack *02in., Carnarvon *04in., Hamlin Pool *02in., New- castle *70in., Gingin l*01ins., Northam *37in., York *60in., Beverley -51in., Guildford '68in., Perth -51in, Fremantle *30in., Jarrahdale *20in., Bridgetown 'Olin., Bannister *18in., Williams -21in., Arthur River '08in., Kojonup -83in., Mt. Barker -81in., AlbanyJ l'Olina, Bremer Bay '33in., Adelaide -09in., Sydney .05in., Brisbane *78in. The weather was re- ported cloudy at Broome, Ashburton, Carna- mah, Fremantle, Jarrahdale, Pinjarrah, Mandurah, Vasse, Israelite Bay, Berkshire Valley, and Adelaide; overcast and threaten- ing at Lagrange Bay, Carnarvon Perth, Bannister, Williams, land Kojinup ; cloudy and gloomy at Condon and Hamelin Pool ; fine but cloudy at Roebourne, Cossack, Don- garra, Greenough, and Eyre ; overcast at Northampton, Gingin, Guildford, Bridgetown, and Brisbane ; overcast and gloomy at Ger- aldton; sultry at New Norcia; threatening at Newcastle and Bunbury; raining at Northam and Mount Barker; light rain at York and Beverley; dull, with heavy rain; at Albany ; showery at Bremer Bay ; over- cast and misty at Esperance Bay ; few clouds' and hot at Eucla ; fine and a few elouds at Fortescue; and generally fine at other ob- serving stations. The maximum temperature in the shade was as follows: Derby, 86 Cossack, 87 ; Ashburton, 89 ; Carnarvon, 95 Geraldton, 80; York, 77; Perth, 83; Fre- mantle, 79 ; Banbury, 74 ; Albany, 65 ; Es- perance, 77; Adelaide, 94; Melbourne, 94; Sydney, 75 : Brisbane, 91. THE barque Edwin Seed recently discharged at Philadelphia (says the Detroit Free Press) a cargo of nitrate of soda brought from Pisagua, Peru, which was gathered from the battlefield of Tarapaca, where the bodies of 4,000 Peruvian soldiers bave lain for ten years. The battle was fought between the Peruvians and Chilians on November 17.1879, and the heavy losses sustained by the Peru- vians forced them to retreat, leaving their dead lying on the field. The nitrate of soda was gathered among the corpses, loaded on the backs of mules, and carried down to the Port of Pisaguar, where it was transferred on lighters to the barque. It will be manufac- tured into gunpowder. The bodies of the soldiers have turned into mummies, strange as it may soem, after lying in that desert plain all these years. In any other conntry they wonld bave been reduced to skeletons in a Bhert time, between the ravages of wild beasts and the exposure to the elements. For over 199 miles OH either Bide of the battle- field not a blade of gross can be seen, owing to the nature of the soil. The absence of grass and water accounts for the absenoe of wild beasts. The earth is so filled with nitrate of soda that this, in connection wich tbe hot, dry atmosphere, has preserved the bodies of the men and horses from decay. The scene is a strange one indeed, and when the officers and some of the passengers of the barque visited the place they were aston- ished. The fumes arising from the nitrate of soda have prevented the uniforms of the soldiers from becoming rotten and dropping off. On a bright moolight night the scene is said to suggest the idea that the battle had only been fought a few days. The Peruvian Government has not made any effort to bury the dead. The country is so poor since its defeat by Chili that it is as much as it can do to pay the tributes levied by Chili. The demand for nitrate for use in the manufacture of gunpowder has become so great, though there is no immediate sign of war anywhere, that thousands of tons of the artiole are brought to this country annually from Peru. Peru-pays a tax to Chili on every ton of nitrate shipped from that country. MB. W. H. NEELAXDS, President of the Perth Branch of the Australian Natives' Association, has received the following letter from Mr. Wesley Maley, one of the Weat Australian Delegates at the recent A.N.A Federation Conference :-"Grand Hotel, Mel- bourne, Jan. 26th, '1890. Dear Sir,-In ac- cordance with your instructions, I have done my best to represent you at the Federal Conference of the Australian "Natives' Asso- ciation. In some respects this has been a very great pleasure, for we have all been entertained in a most princely manner, and the hospitality received is something I shall Jong remember. , Unfortunately fer me, how- ever, on the trip over I caught a terrible cold, and it flew to my eyes, so that I had not altogether a pleasant time. In spite of this I attended every meeting, every banqdet, and every festivity, for I felt the honour of Western Australia was at stake. It was the first time all the colonies had been repre- sented at the A.N.A., and the opportunity was taken to mark emphatically the peculiar pleasure this circumstance gave to the local people. Of course I have been very happy to advance the interests of Western Aus- tralia, and I never had a better ohance than that given by the representation of your branch. When I return to Perth, I shall personally receunt my experiences here, and from what I hive gleaned here of the work- ing of the varions branches, I shall be in a better position than before, to forward the causo in Western Australia. To-day I pro- ceed by rail to Sydney, whore I shall stay bnt a few days ; then I return to Melbourne, and propose after a week's rest hero to go back to Adelaide, and arrange my affaira so as to proceed to Western Australia. With very best wishes to the Association and your- self, I am, yours faithfully, (signed) Wesloy Maley." Writing to Mr. Neelands, under date Jan. 27, Mr. Maley, in referring to the results of the Conference, says >-" Thero is no donbt in my mind that Federatian will soon be accomplished, and if the Natives alone were to be consulted it would quickly be settled. I took the liberty of mentioning your name publicly at the banquet given by Mr. Frank Stuart, M.L.A., when I referred to ¡the very patriotic manner in which you had planted tho A.N.A. flag in Western Aus- tralia. I may say the company heartily cheered my expressions in regard to you. To-day I attend the Natives' Demonstration, by invitation," ON December 10 the Court of Appeal gave ,an important judgment in Tomlin v. Luce as to the position of mortgagees in selling mort- gaged property. The Daily News gives the following account of the case :-" In 1883 a building estate at West Kensington was mort- gaged to the defendants to secure a sum of over '.£34,000. In the following year it was also mortgaged to the plaintiff upon his ad- vancing £20,000. Of this latter sum the great- er part waa repaid, but seme ¿64,000 waa still due at the time when the subsequent proceed- ings took piece. In 1886 the defendants, the first mortgagees, in order to realize their money, put the property up for sale, and the particulars prepared by the auctioneer des- cribed the roads upon it as being already constructed. This turned out to be a mis- take, and a purchaser of three lets who had bid ¿21,000 for them, demanded a- reduction of price in consequence. This was accord- ingly agreed to, and an abatement of £895 was made. So far everything appears straightforward, and it was natural enough that a purchaser who had bid for building land with the reads npon it ready made, should receive compensation when he found that he would have to make them himself. Bat the second mortgagee,who was of course interested in the obtaining of as high a price as possible, felt aggrieved at the reduction, and brought an action to compel the first mortgagees to account for the full sum of £21,000. Curiously enough, Mr. Justice Kekewich, before whom the matter came first, agreed with bim. He held that the auctioneer had made a substantial error, and that the first mortgagees who had employed him were liable to make it good. As a general principle this is correct enough, and the Conrt of Appeal expressed their agree- ment with it, bnt his conclusion that the whole £21,000 must be regarded as the proper price appeared at the time, and ap- peared to the Superior Conrt, quite untenable. It overlooks of conree, the probability that the erroneous description in the first place enhanced the property in the eyes of the purchasor, and that the subsequent abate- ment simply brought th« price back to its proper level. Prima, facie, then, no one had been injured ; but in order to ensure perfect fairness the Court directed the en- quiry as to what prioo would really have been given if no mistake iu description had been made. Admitting the liability of mortgagees for the errers of their agents still that liability should clearly extend no further than the damage actnally caused." WITH respect to the Queensland sugar indus- try, about which there has been some corres- pondence in our columns, tho Queensland correspondent of the Argus writes from Brisbane, under date Jan. 9 :-The move for separation up North-this is distinct, mind you, from the «entrai agitation-is closely identified with the block labour question. Black labour expires at the close of this ysar-that ÍB to say the legalised importation of kanakas - but there seems to be no obstacle in the path of introducing Japs., or colored races from other places than Poly- nesia. Malaya have been tried, Cingalese have been tried, many races have been tried ; all well nigh failures. Some oan't work, some won't work ; nearly all the Asiatics are litigious, shrewd interprétera of an agree- ment. They have caste prejudices ¡and a civilisation of their own quite equal to threading the meshes of intricate English law. Nothing equals the docile Polynesian, but even if the country would have him (which it won't) the recruiting ground is becoming exhausted, and the kanaka, like the Maori, is dying out before the pakeha intruder. But it is beet competition, not black labour, that kills the Queensland sugar planter. Yet is there hope for him with irrigation and improved appliances and method of cultivation. In one case, I think at Ingham or Cairns, some China- men have Bold 60 tons of cane per acre from their rented land. This means by present processes six tons of sugar per acre. On the delta of the Burdekin with irrigation three tons per acre is produced. Such results show what can be done. On the other hand, the Colonial Sugar Company, the largest local employers, have publicly notified their intention of removing their plant to Fiji at the close of the current year, which if, as there is reason to believe, a matured conclusion, will prove a matter of serious import to the districts ia which their opera- tions are carried on. The whole subject is a grave one, not to be lightly decided by the most rabid of Radical advocates. On the one hand, black labour involves national risks to which it is unnecessary to allude ; on tha other, throughout the North its bitter- est opponents are not chary in using it when able to obtain it. Working men, in towns and bush, are the best supporters of Chinese storekeepers. What little land is clearod from northern scrubs is, in nine cases out of ten, cleared by coloured labour. Selectors purchasing land by deferred payments of 2s. 6d. an acre, reap a comfortable income by leasing it to Chinamen at an annual rent of £1 per acre. The fruit, which now forms such a considerable item of export from the Northern parts, is almost exclusively grown by coloured men. The Central Sugar Mills at Mackay, subsidised by tho State on the condition that the cans crushed should be grown exclusively by white labour, would be less used than they are were it not for an evasion of this clause of the agreement. Finally, eau the colony, iu its present con dition, or at.anrother.time; afford te'destroy SA,industry which utilises land fit for no other p^fpVBo/employs' capitel to so'large an extent, and exports firodno'e of so considera- ble a value ? Messrs. W. D. Mooro ft Co , of Henry streot, Fremantle, have on hand an excellent | stock of bran and pollard which they ore offer- ing at very low prices. The quality of this material is unquestionable, and thoso requiring I it had better apply at once as t IC supply is | being rapidly disposed of. 