GREENOUGH. From our own Correspondent. Mass was celebrated at St. Peter's on Sunday. Father Lecaille has been on a round of visitations to Dongarra and the Irwin. We had a week of proper summer weather recently, and to add to our discomfort the country for miles round was on lire. Many have suffered through bushfires lately. I believe Mrs. Pleister and Mr. Stevens, of Dongarra, liad their houses and everything destroyed last ult there was a very large fire on the Flats ; it swept everything before it. I understand Messrs. H." Kemp and Develin were .the chief sufferers. They lost the whole of their property except their houses. Even their pigs were burnt. I do not know how stock will fare for the next two' months, as all the feed on the Bootnal is burnt. M!ost of the people in the neighborhood turned out at the recent fires and worked well ; but I am sorry to say there are some who make it a point never to put in an appearance, yet own a great deal of property and may need the assistance of their neighbours at any moment. Mr. R. Morrell lost two splendid cart horses the other day. It appears they got into the yard in which there was a quantity of wheat, ate some, and died the neixt day. I hope cur member will draw the attention of the Government to the incon venience the people, of the Flats are put to with regard to the delivery of their mails. The last arrived in Geraldton on Sunday, and yet did not reach the Flats till Wednesday night. We think it too bad that we should be kept without our correspondence for three or four days when it is within a few miles of its destination. This is the second time it has happened lately. The Geraldton Quarterly : Sessions are over. The three navvies charged with an assault upon Mr. King were acquitted. The stripping in this district may now be said to be completed. The weather this week is pleasant and cool. A. refreshing shower fell this morning. I hear that F. J. R. Lloyd has accepted James Webbe's challenge to run 120 yds., for £30 aside ; the race to take place at Northampton, not later than five weeks from date of signing articles. March 7. 