GENERAL NEWS. _ v DOBING the whole of the week bush fires have been raging throughout this district. MAILS for the Eastern Colonies will close here on Tuesday next, the 10th instant,"at 5.30vp.m. Mr. F. WILKINS has lost one of his children this week through the effects of croup- The deceased child, was two years of age. A QUANTITY of galvanised roofing was blown off one of the sandalwood sheds on Mr. J. II. Monger's premises the other day by a whirlwind. AT eleven o'clock to-day Mr. H. j. Horley will hold a public sale at the " King's Head" hotel. A large num ber of useful particles will be offered. Full particulars appear elsewhere. 1 UNDEB the heading of 41 Long Lost Relatives," the following notice appears in Lloyd's weekly newspaper of De cember 14 :-Eleanor Burton, of Hod desden, Harts, went to West Aus tralia five years back. Her parents are very distressed at not hearing from her, MESSKS. Fletcher and Burk, of the " King's Head," are organising a £15 Consultation upon the Sheffield Handi cap to be run at the Ohidlow's Well Athleti'j Club Sports on the 11th of March. Particulars appear in another column. IN the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Canning moved for leave >o bring in a Bill to be intituled " The Constitution Act, 1889, Amend ment Bill," having for its object the abolition of the property qualification and the extension of the franchise. The House divided, with the result that there was a majority of 18 against the motion. UPON reference lo our business columns our readers will notice that in response to numerous requests Mr. M. Williamson, late of Melbourne, has opened business . in this town as a tailor, eto. Mr. Williamson's tem- porary business premises are situated next.lhe "Imperial Hotel," at the interesection of .Joaquina Street and Avon ,Terrace. We understand that, already Mr. Williamson has received a large number of orders. [?\Thk. following is a list'of the n^ra b j of person? for whom unclaimed' letters are now lying at the York Post office : S J. Monger, J. B ddy J. Bailey. H Foster, I yre, Wm. Doue/an, J. Hymns, J. McKenna,'H. I'. Woodward, E. S. Ryder, G. Sheen, G. H. Robert s 'n, Thos. Bishop. Bv the mail van" on Thursd^ ev.ning Mr. 1. J. K. Colin arrived in this town from Southern dross. M*" Cohn showed us some excellent Bpec1" iik'ii8 of gold-bearing stone cbiaiue'^ from the Central mine at a depth o^ 101 feet, and he reports 'hat every thing in going on very satisfactcril}". A HALF CASTE lad in the employ of Mr. W. T. Craig, was thrown from his horse the other day while riding into town. The accident occurred through some dogs running in between the horse's legs. The lad was thrown violently to the ground, where he re mained in an unconscious 'state for some time. In the ^Legislative Council on Tues day last the Hon, McKeuzie Grai t moved that a return of the number of ounces of gold obtained from the mines now working at the Yilgarn goldfields be laid on the table. The Colonial Secretary replied that at the present lime there were no authentic returns compiled. Mr. Giant thought that considering the amount of money that had been expended on the fields the Government were very forgetful in not obtaining leturns. The motion was agreed to. Upon reference to our advertising columns it will be noticed^ that ^the Taylor-Carrington Dramatic Company have decided to pay this town a^visit next Thursday, on^which day\they< will peiform at the Oddfellows' Hall. This talented troupe bring'"with it an ex cellent reputation, and;its performances in the other colonies, have met Hvith much appreciation. Glowing accounts have appeared in the press elsewhere, and we predict a large attendance on their appearance here, feeling confident that the public will receive good value for tbeit money. A con RESPONDENT writing from Parker's Range, under date February 2, says :-Rickey's gold mine at Parker's Range is turning out the richest sam ples of stone on the field. And this is saying a good deal, as all the mines here already ^opened, are believed to be richer than at the Southern Cross On Parker & Company's leases Tiew discoveries of rich r, efs are being made frequently, and the Syndicate now in possession of that immensely valuable property may be congratulated upon their further prospects. Thk marriage of Mr. Ronald McKay to Miss Lillian Davies, youngest daughter of Mr. Thomas Davies, of Spring Valley, was, solemnised at Holy iriuity Church ou Wednesday morn ing last, in the presence of a large number of people. The Rev. E. Williams officiated. In the evening the happy pair left for Beverley en route to Albany by train, whither they proceeded for the purpose of spending their honeymoon A large number of ladies and gen^^men were entertained at the residence of the bride's father, and a most enjoyable time was spent. WE understand that a challenge has been sent to the Nortbam Cricket Clilb with the view of arranging a cricket match between tliat Clab and a scratch eleven from this town. The York team will bu chosen from the following : H J Horisy, W L Hoops, A J Monger, j W Monger. T Davey, F W Stokes, Jas Rose, J D vidson, Joe Toorney, H Monger, Rev, George, Geo Monger, E Whetler, F Davey, and James Craig. The challenge lias nothing whatever to du with the Cricket Club lipre, and none of the .men selected have; played against Northam this season. We are infotmed that a meeting was arranged at Northam last night to discuss the matter, and to determine wlwtber tVife challenge should be accept ed orotherwise. " Thk Great Australian Circus opened opposite the "Castle Hotel1' last ^ven* ing. The attendance was not very large bu^ thoroughly appreciative. The pro gramme was an excellent one fhj wonderful fivita performed throughout the evening were greatly admired and the performers were warmly applauded. Madame Lyola, the lady with I ha iroa jaw, gave several exhibitions of her sUeugth, and well-'merited the app ause which was bestowed upon hp". To il "hi . h»> ncrhirmant''1 will c niL-iude w'th C l. 1 the sensational drama - U'ic^ 1 n.-pin a ride to York. U.LSEWII iUi in 'this issu/ it announced t.iat on and alter Tuesday, March 3, the In'and rate of exchange fixed on by the Associated Banks will be as follows :-On all cheques, bills, transfers for customers, and credits for bills, cheques, etc.. collected, 6d. on every 501 or part thereof ; on drafts, 2s. Gd. per cent., minimum Is; on telegraphic transfers, 5s. per cent., minimum 2s., iu addition to cost of telegram. Transactions with Roe bourne, Cossack, and Southern Cross, are subject to special rates. 1 he Associated Banks are following the custom of Banks in the Eastern Colonies and the tJnited Kingdom. A correspondent using the nom de plume of " Nemo," writes as follows respecting the Cricket match which was played on Wednesday afternoon last. A cricket match took place on the York ground on the 4th February, which de serves special notice. Some months ago Mr. Bennett, who had had several years experience as Master in the principal school in Tasmania, and King's College, Sydney, and who possesses the highest testimonials from the Head Masters of the above -establishments, arrived in York, and started a Grammer School. The success which has attended Mr. Bennett's efforts is apparent as now he has close on 20 boys with every pro spect of the number increasing. Mr. Bennett not only instils learning in the brains of the "young idea", but being a first class cricketer himself, he takes every opportunity during play hours of making the boys follow in his footsteps. The success wnich has attended his ef forts during the short time he has been in York was apparent on Wednesday, when an eleven of the York Grammar School and an eleven boys from the Go vernment School met for a friendly game of cricket on the York ground. The game was played with unflagging inter est throughout, in the presence of a good number of spectators. Both eleven played with pluck and spirit and the match resulted in a win for the Go vernment School by G wickets. The scores were as follows York Grammar School, 1st innings 61; 2nd innings 17. Government School, 1st innings 46; 2nd innings 33; for 4 wickets. Tor the Grammar School Doncon played a good innings for 23, and W. Monger made the same number for the Government School, showing nice forni. The field ing of both teams was very fair, Langsford being specially noticeable in his wicket-keeping and bowling. For some years past it has been a well-known | fact that there are no young cricketers coming to the front. This is most re gretable as the York Cricket Club, a club second to none in the Colony, must look to the rising generation to recruit its numbers. From what was seen on Wednesday last this can no longer be said. Uiider Mr. Bennett's tuition the York boys will develop into great Cricketers and ; will uudoubtedly keep up the prestige of our Club. One matter I must allude to before conclud ing and that is the neat appearance of the Grammar School eleven, all turned out in flannels and colors and presented a pretty sight upon the ground. A re turn match will shortly be played when no doubt the Grammar School will''do their utmost to turn the tables iipon their opponents. At the conclusion -of the game W. Monger, tha Captain of the Government School eleven, after making a fevsr appropriate remarks called for three cheers fofc* the Grammar School; and Gaptain Hagiie in a very neat1 speech1'"responded to the compli merft;. In conmudmg, 1 trust that Mr. Hes and Mr. Bennett will often 'fillow their boys to meet on the York Cricket ground, and may they all of the two Schools go on and prosper in the nobl4 ame of cricked 