ICOKtt.: (From our CoireapinxJetik.) Alarch 13.' The weather during: the flatter part of last week-has been tbabottest experienced here this; summer, jind, as I mentioned in my last, that bush/fires were plentiful, but no damage had been reported. So far that statement was then correct, but very soon after posting that report matters, assumed quite a£ different aspect, and it soon became evident that unless steps were taken to check: the progress of the fire which started in the vicinity of Iiowrie's Hill, and which appeared to be carrying all before it, much damage would be done. Accordingly everyone that could get away started for the then Bcene of the fire; but owing to the very strong wind blowing from the north at the time, and the quantity of grass and undergrowth to feed the flamos, all efforts to master it were for a time futile. Con sequently some of the best grass paddocks, in this neighborhood have been completely swept, besides doing considerable destruc tion to fencing.. The Richmond Park Estate suffered^ the greatest loss in grass, and at one time it was feared that the bonse and other buildings were doomed, 1 but fortunately ' they were with difficulty saved; but still the fire held on its courser of destruction towards Mr. .0. Goddard's t property, situated on the east side of the I Range, but with timely assistance and the ' country being somewhat barer of grass,. Mr. Goddard did not sustain any serious. . loss. This fire raged for two days and | only staye 1 its ravages with the change of 'the weather, which set in on Saturday ' evening, when we were favored with a. thunderstorm • and a little rain. Tho weather has" been cool and pleasant since. The life-saving apparatus, crew were called out this afternoon and exercised, a. rocket being fired over the jetty, the I hawser hauled out, and-a supposed cast away rescued in the space or 24 minutes, which must feat.be regarded as creditable considering the available material. The Robe Athletic Club held a meeting: , last Monday evening, when it was decided to have their annual sports on Easter ' Monday. -A liberal programme has been arranged, and it is anticipated that the* meeting will be a successful one. With regard to our Cricket Club, if it is not defunct, they certainly keep things very dark,, as they have not given an exhi bition of their prowess in the field at all this season; -.. .. " Quiz " reports-:—Mrs. H. B. Hughes, who * is residing - at; l&arratta;, Robe, formerly the seaside residence of Sir James Ferguson, gave $ pleasant dance* at the beginning of last, .week. The house assumed its gayest appearance, being artistic illy, decor tel with"'flowers from tha well-known garden of Mr. Herbert Giles, and the Indian servants made no small addition to the picturesque appear ance. A great aided enjoyment was the sympathetic playing upon the harp by Miss E'sie- -Hughes. Mi68 Wat kins also, gave great pleasure by her reu iering of a. song. Among those present were—Mrs. Simpson, who wore blackaudjet; Mrs.. Giles, in amber silk; Miss Hughes, in. black and plaid ; Miss Maud Wright in deep red, with sprays of .white flowers p Miss Elsie Hughes, pale blue; Miss Wat kins, black and yellow ; Miss Lea, a pretty simple pink ami green dress ; while the hostess wore a becoming gown of brown and gold. There- were besides several other bright dresses, among which one of sempe lofiette, with a red sash, worn by little Miss Ann Simpson, who looked very nice. The enjoyment was kept up until 11.30, and the Rarratta dance was pro nounced a great success. A new Fire Brigade station is to be erected in Adelaide. The Morning Post., it, discussing the subject • «»f the Federation Convention now.tweeting in Sydney, glees it warning that the new British democracy is as keen as the Australasian, aiid it iiiay refuse to be longer parties t<» a one- sided and ex pensive bargain with the colonies. This refers to the colonial protectionist tariffs, and the supply of ships of war for oui d'fence. 