IN TEE COUNTRY. Albury, Monday. — Tho intensity of tho heat yesterday was due to bush fires, which broke ont during Saturday and yesterday at Munder- waddera and Cnlcairn. It is reported from Cnl- catrn mat a selector namea .Duruestoa nas neeu entirely burnt ont, and that the fire did much other damage. During last night tbo wind blow with great violonce, and great destruction has beea wrought iu the orchards. Apples and pears have suffered most, some of tbo crops being completely blown off the trees. Rain sot in thi9 morning, and nearly lin. fell during the day. Bullt, Monday.— Tho weather here during the last week hus been the hottest experienced for many years. Water is becoming scarce and rain is badly needed. Bathurst, Monday.— Intense heat prevailed on Saturday aud yesterday. Yesterday tho thermometer registered 93deg. in the shade at the telegraph ofiico and lOOdeg. in some places. Last night it showed 70deg. On Saturday night, however, tho lowest registration was 68deg. There is now a strong westerly wind blowing, with rain. The weather is still muggy. Captain's Flat, Monday.— Last Saturday and Suuday were tho two warmest days that hare beeu felt here this summer, the heat being extremely oppressive ; but a welcome change iu the weather took placo this morning about daylight. Since then it has been raining freely. Camden, Monday.— Tbo heat was inlenso yesterday, being tho hottest experienced for soma time. Bush fires were raging in all directions. Several people wero prostrated by the heat. Crookwell, Monday. — Tho heat yesterday ottd this morning was excessive, registering BOdeg. in the shade at 6 in tho evening and 85deg. this morning. Rain is now falling, with every appearance of a continuance ; 85 points has fallen. The rain was badly warned for the potato crops. Cootamundaa, Monday. — A very largo bash fire took pluce yesterday nt tbo eastern end of tho Burtbong run. Over 1000a. of grass was destroyed, and at one time it was thought that sotno of the best wheat crops of tho district would be ruined, the properties of Messrs. Dacoy, Thorue and Troy being in dangerous proximity. However, volunteers numbering about 80 oppeared on tbe scene,, and after fighting the liarnea for Beveral hours at last conquered them. During the night showers fell and rain has fallen throughout tho day, nearly 2in. having already been registered. Condouolin, Monday.— A very destructive bosh fire has been raging here during the last three days, commencing on Melrose Blaius. The wind, which has been blowing a gale at times, brought it directly on to tho town, and last night it was within one mile of tho hospital wlleu fortunately tho wind changed to tho west, and at 2 o'clock this morning a storm, with heavy rain, cafoe on and allayed all further anxiety. Tho damage is not yet known, but must be considerable. North CondoboiiQ ia believed to have lost a number of sheep and several selectors have beeu burned out. Mr. Potter, two miles from town, lost a stack of hay valued at £150. The rain still continues and will do much good. Cobah, Monday.— Yesterday was the hottest day of the season, a stiff northerly wind coining over a largo extent of burning country, apparently about Corronga Downs. The register showed lOSdeg. iu tho shade, with a very sultry night. A few slight showers fell up to 9 o'clock this morning, when seven points ot raiuj were registered. About 3 o'clock this afternoon a heavy rainstorm broke over the town, registering 188 points. Tho weather is still very close and like more rain. A great deal of good will result. The tanks at the Cuestuey and Occidental mines will bo re plenished and grass freshened up. Fokdrs, Monday. — The weather yesterday was terribly hot, the thermometer registering lUodeg. in the shade. A storm passed over the town early this morning, giving 65 points of light rain. Guenfell, Monday. — Heavy rain fell last night. Yesterday wad the hottest day of the season, with u strong wind. Several bushfires are raging in the neighborhood. Gundagai, Mouday. — Yesterday the weather was exceptionally hot, tbe glass reaching HUdcg. iu the shade. Last night the heat was something terrible, residents saying it was about the worst night - they could remember. However, about 3 thi3 morning a great windstorm passed over and was succeeded by heavy raiu, which continued all day aod ia now falling with no eigUB of cleariug. Up to 7.30 to-night tho gaugo hud registered 807 points. This is tho hoariest raiulall for ooc day since the storm of 1835. All the creeks are bankers. JiiiiLLDEitiE, Monday.— Yesterday was the hottest day of the season, tho thermometer registering 114deg. in the shade. Excessively hot winds blew from the north-west all day, aud iu the distance bushfires are rugiug. The weather is now cooler, with occasiuuul light showers. Kiama, Mouday. — Tho weather to-day has beeu very hot und sultry. Rain ia wanted badly. Katoomba, Monday.— Tho last three or four days have been excessively hot, but a chaugo took place to-day, and it is now much cooler. Several Jargo bushfires have been raging iu the vicinity of the town, and at night the burning trees illuminate tho horizou on every aide. They aro now gradually burning out. No damage has been done, with the excoplion of some panels of fencing burnt hero and there. Liverpool, Monduy. — The heat yesterday was intense, bush fires raging all round the district. Mr. Harris' residence ou the main road narrowly escaped conflagration, tho bush fires being no close that the doormat on the verandah was ignited. At fairlield from uoou till past 4 o'clock the thermometer was steady at lbihleg., and this at four differeut places. At midnight it stood at UUueg. The heat this morning is terribly oppressive. Moss Yale, Monday. — Yesterday the heat was intense, registering 93deg. in tho shnde, a hot wind biuwiagtl'rom tbe north-east. To- day the glass showed 8Gdeg. in the shade. To-night there is every appearance of a heavy storm. Nymageb, Monday.— Tho amount of tbe rainfall recorded for the past six months is 6in. Yesterday was the hottest day experienced during this summer. The sky is now overcast aud a change for raiu impending. Mthiuumdurraji, Monday. — Exceptionally hot weather prevailed here yesterday nnd Saturday. At Cunninghamc, five miles from here, the glass registered 114 in tbe shade; hero it was about 106 on Sunaay and nearly as high on Saturday. A hot north-west wind blew and tbo sky was thick with smoke from bush fires apparently ragiug about Nubba and Bcrthong. At 2 o'clock tills morning a southerly gale Bprung up and rain set in, which has con tinued all day and is now falliog in torrents, the atmosphere being very close and muggy. - Narrandera, Monday.— Sunday will be re membered for a long time as being one of tho most terrible days for heat and smoko ex perienced here for mauy years. Bush fires were raging in close proximity to the town nearly tho whole day, devastating everything before them to within half a mile of the town, while at the same time fnrious hot winds were blowing clouds of dust and smoke till tbe atmosphere was almost Blitiing. The thermometer registered llodeg. in tho shade. Two thousand acres of grass on tho town common were burnt, also ou the racecourse and at Adams and'Cowen's paddocks two fires were burning, tbo second being occasioned by a spark from v.tbe engino of the Hay train. At 11 o'clock last night the fire was so great about two miles distant that the whole sky appeared to be brilliantly lighted, and tbe town was so brightly lighted from tho reflection that newspapers conld be distinctly read even at that distance. The violent north wind which prevailed prevented more serious damage than what occnrrcd from taking place. This morn ing heavy rain sot in nnd 2£in. fell in les9 than two hours. The total fall is 3iu. and fires are now extinguished. St. Mary's, Monday.—' Yesterday was the hottest day. experienced here for some time past, tho thermometer registering 107 in the shade. Bush fires arc raging in all directions, caused in many cases by gross carelessness, the destruction of grass and fences being great. Tuhut, Monday.— Tbe heat ranged over 100 in tbe shade yesterday. Hoavy and continuous rain has been falling since 8 o'clock this morning. Wollongokg, Monday. — The weather to day and for several days past has been exces sively hot and oppressive, the thermometer ranging as high as 93 in tho shade. Every thing in the shape of vegetation is becoming parched up, and a good fall of rain is badly needed. Windsor, Monday. — There has been very hot weather since the commencement of tho new year and tbe climax was reached on San- day when tbe thermometer showed 111 deg. in tho shade. Bush fires surrounded the towns of Windsor and Richmond, and heavy fires occur red at Knrrajoug ; these make the weather more sultry. Wiloannia, Monday. — Yesterday was one of tho worst days ever experienced here, a strong scorching wind blowiug, accompanied by clouds of dust. The thermometer registered HOdeg. in tho shade. A most welcome chnnge set in early this morning, rain falling heavily about 5\. Tbe official gauge at 9 registered 44 points, aud since then a very heavy downpour has occurred, bringiug the real fall up to about 1-10 points. This fall was badly wanted to replenish the tanks, many of which were nearly dry along the principal roads. Other towns have partici pated in tbo rainfall. Mentndio reports 67 points, Broken-bill 61, Silvertou 59, Euriowie 95, Purnamoota 35, Thackaringa 75, and Bar- ringun 24. A small rise in the river was reported this morning at Mungindi nod Wulgett. To-day's level hero is abont 7ft. 6in. and falling. Wellington, Monday.— The weather during the last three days has been excessively, hot ou Friday, Saturday aod Sunday tbe thermometer showing 98, 101 and 102 degrees respectively in tho shade. The weather this morning was again very warm and brought up rain this afternoon ; it is now raining steadily. The raiu will do much good throughout tho district. Yass, Mouday.— Yesterday the heat was al most unbearable. Rain fell this morning, and there have been soma heavy showers during the day. tfouNG, Monday.— Satnrday and yesterday wero the hottest days of the seasou. A hot wind from the east set in yesterday and con tinued all day. Tbo thermometor rose to 102deg. in the shade. Bush fires are Baid to have occurred at Berthong aud Lake Cowal, from which places a red glare was observable last night. Rain set iu early this morning and has fallen steadily since. It id still close and there are signs of the rain continuing. 