YORK. . _ (From a Correspondent.) The Rev. Mother of Perth Convent is at present on a visit to York. She arriv ed here early in the week. If every question propounded has two sides— it is hard to decide or de termine how many sides — so to speak — a paragraph may contain. Written propositions are unhappily too often misconstrued or misunderstood through the fault of the writer or the readers misconceptions. The speaker gives force to the words, by look, tone, and gesture — it is therefore as a rule sel dom that speeches are misunderstood. A written composition however, may be never so great— may be faultless in ex pression in the writer's idea, yet its sense may with the individual reader lack animation and is therefore solely depend ent upon the disposition of the reader. Hence the code of honor established in the literary circle prohibiting a refusal to concede the interpretation a writer gives of the meaning of his language. A few of my late paragraphs may have been mis understood, but none were intended by me to give any wrong impression. Hayes' Australian Circus Co. have given two more nights' entertainment in this fair city. " It never rains but it pours." Local politicians are considering the necessity of enacting a kind of protective duty upon ''all entertainments," with a ' view of encouraging local competition and obviating a money drainage. The Taylor-Carrington troupe perform ed here on Saturday night. They an nounce their re-appearance here 011 next Tuesday evening. The diabolical outrage by " Ah Chi" of the Celestial Empire, has caused quite a sensation here. The officials have been busily employed during the week; An adjourned inquest was held on Thursday, and, after hearing the statements of the various witnesses, the jury returned a verdict of "wilful murder" against the prisoner. It was stated that the motive given by the prisoner for the murderous attack was because they had robbed him of £5 a few days before. The Chinaman, Ah Gin, he killed by blows on the head with a tomahawk, and two more it was alleged were dreadfully mutilated. The white man, Enright, who was in charge of a party at Manning's paddock, stated that he requested the Chinamen spectators to interfere and assist him, in quieting the prisoner, but they refused, stating they were frightened. Enright, it appears, is not very active as he is partly a cripple, bo could not possibly do any more towards preventing the occurrence, besides being totally unprepared. On ' Friday last the prisoner, Ah Chi, was charged at the Police Court with the wilful murder of Ah Gin. Sergeant O'Connell applied for a .remand, which was granted, and the prisoner . was . therefore remanded for eight days. The two wounded China men are at "present in the York hospital and are said to be still in a very precar ious condition. One of our local solicitors, Mr. H. E. Spry, has, according to announcement entered the marriage state with Miss Doonan, of Fremantle. They were mar ried in Fremantle. Mrs. C. Collins, of Malebelling, an old resident of the district, died last week. . She was buried in York on Friday. At the Quarterly Licensing Meeting held last week the application of Mr. Mead to have the license of the " Stanley Hotel" transferred to premises situated in Avon Terrace was refused. It is under stood that he will apply again at the next Quarterly Meeting. Mr. Spry asked for an adjournment to enable the present landlords of the Imperial hotel, and Settler's Arms at Beverley, to comply with the conditions requiring them to give due notice previous to the meeting. An adjournment was refused on the ground of its being illegal ; the two hotels therefore cannot be kept open after the 1st prox. The R. M. promised to do what he could in the meantime by representing the matter to the proper authorities with a view to a satisfactory adjustment. Mrs. J. H. Monger and Miss Monger left York last week en route to the Great Australian Metropolis. Not once, nor twice, has it been found necessary for the York bench to comment upon evidence given in various cases as being contradictory. To use a vulgar saying "a screw must be loose some where," either gross inaccuracies existed, ar else culpable falsehoods were uttered. On some occasions, when persons accused of criminal conduct were, through the na ture of the evidence given at Court acquit ted or released, it evoked manifestations of applause. It would seem indeed as if Law. was the evil and not the breach of it, a dangerous state of things to use the : mildest terms. The oath administered in Courts of Justice is a remnent of the Christian period and should always be venerated by a thorough Christian, and, with Shylock, we should exclaim " Shall I bring jperjury upon my soul, no not for Venice." We have been blessed with a most agreeable change of weather which, al- thongli rather cool for this time of year, was most welcome indeed. The rain which fell during the week has, I think, put out the bushfires, and until the heat again revives and is augmented with run- burning we shall have a pleasant inter mission. I heretofore alluded to fruit as being dear in the York market. Now grapes may be purchased almost everywhere at 2d. per lb. March 9, 1891. 