Local and General. READY FOR DELIVERY. — The following gold-mining leases are now ready for delivery : W. H. Skidmore, county Bathurst, parish Somers ; T. Hoarn and another, and G. H. Sinclair, county Georgiana, parish Meglo. TENDER ACCEPTED. — The following tender has been accepted : Mr. A. R. Coleman — For erection of additional telegraph wire on existing poles, Rockley to Triangle Flat, at £3 per mile, and new line thence to Burraga at £13 19s per mile ; struts 10s each. APPLICATIONS APPROVED. — The following applications for gold-mining leases on Crown Lands have been approved : S. J Camac and others, T. Burns, and George Sergant and others, county Wellington, parish Tambaroora. DEMISE. — Mrs. William Bayliss, widow of the late William Bayliss, of the Vale Road, died last evening at the age of 71 years. Mrs. Bayliss has been an invalid for many years, and her death was not unexpected. She, with her late husband, lived on one farm on the Vale Road for upwards of 50 years. Only two children survive their parents — a son and daughter. The son has been the main support of his mother and sister since his father's death. The daughter has been deprived of her sight for nearly a quarter of a century. SALE OF CROWN LANDS. — On 20th January, 1892, a sale of Crown lands will be held in Bathurst, when the following lot will be offered : — Seventy acres, county Roxburgh, parish Thornshope ; about 25 miles in a south-easterly direction from Bathurst, within the population area of the village of Rydal, north of John Bingle's portion 23, adjoining J. McLaughlin's portions 32 and 30 on the west, and J. E. N. Bull's portion 37 on the east , within the Mount Lambie Gold-field. Upset (£2 9s 3d per acre) includes £58 10s, value of improvements. SWIMMING IN THE RIVER. — As summer advances the youngsters, and some of the elder people as well, are finding their way to the river to indulge in bathing. Year after year, complaints are made of the freaks of the bathers, and their unseemly conduct, both at Ingersoles and the bridge. Almost every season summonses are issued against persons for bathing within sight of the public, and Sergeant Morris informs us that unless more caution is observed the offenders against the law will, this year, also be brought to book. A policeman is now on the look out for offenders. HEAVY STORM. — Yesterday afternoon a very heavy storm passed over the city, and rain fell in large quantities. In the outskirts of the town the rain was accompanied by hail. Many of the hail stones being like large pieces of ice. Considerable damage was done to the young fruit and growing crops in the neighbourhood of Perth and Evans' Plains. The severity of the storm appears to have been experienced in this direction. The growing wheat was battered down, and a quantity of young fruit destroyed. At Perth a horse was killed by lightning, and other damage was done. During the night rain fell at intervals, and to-day there has been every indication of a continued downpour. It is hoped that this welcome change will help to clear away much of the prevailing sickness. EXTRAORDINARY TRAIN ACCIDENT. — An extraordinary accident happened at the Warrigal Railway Station on Monday. While the 9 o'clock train for Melbourne was at the platform, the driver, receiving the signal to start, moved off, but the engine had not as yet been coupled to the train. The driver did not notice this until he had gone about a mile. When he observed that there was no train behind he reversed the engine and went back, travelling, however, at such a speed that he was unable to pull up in time to avert a collision with the standing train. The trucks and carriages were driven back about 20 yards at a bound. Five timber trucks were so badly injured that they had to be shunted off. The buffers of a passenger carriage were destroyed, and the carriage had to be shunted. Several fragments of the buffers were thrown violently across the platform, one man receiving a nasty cut on the cheek. The guard in charge of the train jumped down in front of the train to couple the engine when it returned, but seeing that the collision was inevitable, he jumped out of the way and just escaped. Fortunately there were no passengers at the time. A BIG BUSHFIRE. — A wire from Albury yesterday says : Last week a bush fire, which destroyed 6000 acres of grass, besides much fencing, occurred at Nowkanie run, adjoining Momalong, the property of Mr. J. S. Horsfall. The course the fire took is marked by burning trees, which are now being watched by the employees, who fear another outbreak. IMPORTANT SALE OF MACHINERY, &c.; — In our business columns will be found the announcement of the sale of the sawmill and plant (Messrs. Kethel and Co's.), Rankin and Russell streets. The whole of this extensive plant, together with machinery, timber, buildings, etc., will be put under the hammer on Tuesday and Wednesday, 1st and 2nd December next, by Messrs. John W. Jaffray and Co., of Sydney. Full particulars are set forth in the advertisement, and should attract the attention of builders, investors, and machinists alike. A PRACTICAL MAYOR. — In our present Mayor, Bathurst has found a thoroughly practical man. He has always got his eye to business where the improvement of the town is concerned. Mr. John W. Jaffray, an engineer of extensive experience, being in town Mr. Crago has taken advantage of his presence to obtain from him a hint or two concerning at least one important work. He has taken him to see the site upon which it is proposed to erect the stone-crusher at the quarries. Mr. Jaffray will be in a position to give some valuable hints as to levels, &c.;, and should the Council decide upon purchasing the stone crushing plant, these suggestions will be most useful. Having visited the Bald Hills, Mr. Jaffray will be taken to the pumping operations at the water works. At the last meeting of the Council it was stated that the drive through which the water supply was received was silting up. The obstruction is getting worse every day, and in order to secure a constant and regular supply, some means must be adopted to clear the channel. Mr. Crago has an idea how this may be done, and already has consulted some engineers in Sydney about the matter ; and now that Mr. Jaffray is in town Mr. Crago will give him an opportunity of expressing an opinion. The result of their visit will, doubtless, be made public to-night at the meeting of the Council. 