WOMEN'S GOSSIP. (From a Lady Correnpodcnt in Sydney.) "Vor,ansrTY in dress," says a writer on the snubject, " is the prevailing fashion;" and really the verdict, seovero as it is, is not withoult truth. Ouo soos the most extravagant things worn by women, old and young. Not only is the setylo of many dresse ono mooets " on tihe block " absurd and ugly in the exotreme, but the colour and material are entirely out of heetop log with the age, appearance, or com plexioh of the wearer; for instance on a recent morning one of the most conUspicuous figures on the promenade was a tall, large woman with a blonde complexion and red-bronze hair, at tired in a gown of broad striped red and white serge; it was one of the showiost and most zebra-like costumes I over saw, and nothing could have been in wores taste. To orown the hideousness of the set-out, she had a small white toque smothered in scarlet poppies. There is nothing very fresh in the make of frocks, save a tendency in the direotion of draperies. The fronts of these dresses are made in the Grooek style, coming full from the throat to the hem and are very graceful, e0s. peooially on slight figures. Hats and bonnets remain the same, whilst the floral training still occupies the chief plase. I saw the other day a very pretty design for a bodice. It was made of fine pink and white spotted cambric, plain and tight-fitting over a full veset of all white cambris, confined by straps from either side of the outer bodice, and these were fastened with large fiat pearl buttons; the shirt -worn with this was quite full and had thin little frills at tho bottom. The Hon. R. H. D. White enter tained Mr. and Mrs. Stanley and a few friends at a luncheon on board his beautiful yacht the White Star a few days ago. The day was exceedingly fine and the route taken, first to Middlo Head, then up the Parramatta River, gave the distinguished guests the opportunity of viewing some of our prettiest scenery; but after the Nile and the Zambasi our nicest places must be a bit tame to the lion of Darkest Africa. The friends of the Woman's Suf frage League are beginning to grow uneasy concerning the fate of tlheir pet projest and to dread that the flourish of trumpets with which the establish ment of the league wont off is not destined to be lasting. At the last meeting, in spite of the attraction of an ex-minister attending and speak ing, there was a very " beggarly array of empty benches." Miss Scott ard Miss Manning, who are both enthu -iasts in the canuse, read papers expla : n?tory of the nature and aims of the agitation; but little or no interest was manifested, and the meeting was of the coldest and most unsympathetic character. Not a very lively prospect for the promoters 1 The Tyson marriage case has fur nished food for mush gossip, and no small regret lhas beeoon expressed at the decision which leaves the poor woman in so sad a position and her ohildron nameless. It is odd too if further complications may not arise out of this declaration business. Of course, if the law says a declaration is neces sary to ensure the legality of a mar riage, thie law must be upheld; but Cardinal MIoran, who should be an authority on the subject, thinks other wise. I know myself that I have boeen present at a good many marriages, but I have no recollection of anything in the shape of a declaration; and others of whom I have made inquiry affirm the same; so that I fear the judges will be kept busy in the oases of those who are not satisfied without adeclaration. " Confusion worse con founded" will be the ultimate result. When will man be just ? An ontor prising lady reooently journeyed from Auckland to Wellington (N.Z.) to take her seat as a lay delegate at the annual sitting of the Baptist Assooia tion; but the chairman looked over the rules and found that delegates must be "male members of the ohuroh," and, orestfallon, the lady was compelled to retire before she had the chance of saying a word. I think it was St. Paul who handicapped women in this way, saying something about " not hearing their voices in the sanctuary." The same St. Paul too laid down the precept of obedience, "wives be subject to your husbands" -all tending to show that he at least regarded her as " the lessor man." Madame Bernhardt thinks that Australian audionces are more en thusiastic than English or American ones; " but," so says the report, " she olyly added.that she would not care to ay that they were more discrim inating." This was both ungraoious and ill-natured on the part of the divine Sarah, who was treated as a queen amongst us and who might well have spared the small satire, Austrelian women's industries after all are to be represented at the Chicago Fair, and quite right that they should be. The committoee in clude some ladies who can take a keon and intelligent interest in every thing affooting woman's welfare, and we may rest assured that they will leave nothing undone in the way of making the best display of fomale art, taste, and industry at the splendid show. Though tho ladies have not o'or toppaed the senior wrangler this year at Cambridge, their last year's repro bentative still holds her placo among the foremost mathematicians. In tho lassle list o! tho Tripes, Part HI, there ar-o only two men's names: In class I,' division I-Bonnott (St. John's), the cenior wrangler of 1800, and Craw ford (King's), fifth wranglor. In close I, divieion I, for women, the only name is that of P. G. Fawcott, Newnham. In Part I, last year Miss Fa oett was placed above the senior wrangler: and, although the present class-list does not indicateo that in the higher subjects they are other than cqoual, it shows that the lady has sao coeded in maintaining her highs pomition, WATTLE CULTIVATION.—Operations began some time ago, under the auspices of the forest department, at Otford, on the Illawarra line, for im- proving the state of naturally growing wattles at that place. About 140 acres of wattle-bearing land have received systematic treatment, and it is estimated that this piece of country now carries from 400 to 500 well tended trees per acre. These wattles, according to present anticipations, will be available for stripping two years hence. Putting the yield per tree at the low estimate of 10lb of bark, the total stripping will amount to 250 tons. The ruling price of wattle- bark at the present time is from £6 to £7 per ton. After the clearing at Otford was completed the lopped branches and stubble were burned, and fire- breaks have been constructed along the boundary fences to secure the plantation from bush-fire destruct- tion from the outside. The formation of an artificial wattle plantation a few miles north of Wollongong will be begun immediately after the Christ- mas holidays. By the forest depart- ment it is recognised that the growing of wattle will develop into an im- portant industry. The director general has ascertained that the southern parts of the colony are the particular habitat of the various species of wattle. M. J. Ednie Brown therefore intends to make a journey from Kiama to Bega about the middle of January next for the purpose of ascertaining to the full extent the wattle-bearing qualities of that belt of country.—S. M. Herald. GAS v. ELECTRICITY.—Professor Preece is the chief electrician to the British Post Office (writes Dr. J. E. Taylor). Few electricians stand higher in technical rank. You will therefore understand the bombshell he has dropped, in stating that it is possible to produce electricity at one penny per Board of Trade unit, which is equiva- lent to gas at 3d. per thousand cubic feet ! The electric light is not now what William Siemens called it a few years ago, the "luxury of the rich," al- though it is doubtless employed by them as a luxury. It is also the comfort and friend of the poor. For instance, since the electric light has been introduced into the sorting de- partment of the London post-office, its sanitary value has been estimated by the chief controller as equal to 200 men. In the Post-office Savings Bank, the new light has reduced the sick leave by two days per head per annum—a saving of £680 a year, It is interesting to learn (says an English contemporary) from the official statements made at the Church Congress, that the Church Army movement is being greatly blessed in the work of reclaiming tramps, inebriates, and criminals. As an illustration of this success, it is stated that with the exception of the cashier and the clerical staff, every man employed by the Church Army in the central offices in London is a re- claimed tramp. 