NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUT.SHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. Tbo Czarina is Raftering from influenza. Partial holiday to-day. Banks and publio offices closed. Twenty-five persons drowned about tho London docks during the recent three days' foe. The Duke of Oiarcnco is to be married to thb Princess Victoria of Tcck on 27th February, . . A roroit of miners has takon place in the Malay Peninsula. Overseer shot and acvoral persons injured. It is expected that tho United States legislature will admit wool, but not woollen goods, free of duty. A jockey, named R. Casey, who was in jured through hlsliorse falling in a hurdle nee at Trenthatn, has died from his in juries. .'...An aged Jew found stabbed in throe places at Adulaidc. His assailant is at present unknown, but is believed to bo a woman. Owing to tho depression in tho local Industry, an oxodus of brickinakers and carters baa taken place from Brunswick to the country districts. Two Englishmen convicted of espionage at military works in Franco 'have been sentenced to Id months and two months' Imprisonment respectively. Results of Williarastowii racos and other sporting events posted to-day out- aide fire Herald telopbono box on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Though tho weather on Chrismas Day was somewhat against outdoor sports it has boon most brilliant and enjoyable since, and continues so to-day. Dyimmito outrago in a church in Spain on Christmas Eve, destroyed tho altar, and injuicd several of tbo congregation. Two men arrested on suspicion. Orders have been issued by tho Russian Minister of tho Interior to tbo Provincial Governors to ' rofrain from mentioning the worst features of tho famine in th»ir reports to tho Czar. Tho Northumberland miners aro not in favor of tho eight hours' system. By 4 to 1 they have rejected a proposal that boys should work only oight hours a day in minus instead of ten. South Australians aro to-day cele brating the founding of their colony. Marine athletic sports aro being bold at Glonelg, and by nudday 20,000 persons woro. present, though tho weather was intensely hot. Tho troubles of Russia and of her ruler thicaeu fast Famine in tho provinces, small pox iu Moscow, inoro arrests for conspiracy in St Petersburg, and the Ozar'e own brother, tho Grand Duko Sergnis. believed to be under suspicion. Shocking -railway accident in tho United States botweon express trains. Nine killed and many injured. A man was sent ahead to warn tho train of the danger, but he stopped to get a drink, ind arrived too late to givo the warning. Bushfires' have' been raging around Namndem and near Jerilderie in New South Wales. A young man natred Robinson, brother of Dr Robinsou, of /erilderie, was thrown from his horse Into tlie burning bush, and burnt, to death. I Mrs Osborne, tbe.plalntifTin a slander action against Major and Mrs Qargreaves, which has excited - greet interest in England owing to the social position of the parties, has absconded,. A warrant has beon issued for her arrest on a charge of obtaining a choquo under false pre tences. . Ou Boxing Day 22,2C9 'passengers booked at Prince's , Bridge railway sta tion ; 51,985 at Flinders street, and 7700 at Spencer street, a total deoreaso as compared with Boxing Day laatyesrof 14127\. paslengers. The tramway to St. Hilda, which was not opeued last year 00k thousands' of people this year, who Would otherwise have gono by rail. The batten shop of Messrs Masos Brothers, Bourke street, was broken into lAst night or early this morning, and the safe, ooutainiug cheques and caeh to a considerable amount, carried awsy. Entrance was effected from the front, but the safe was carried out by »ho back en trance, and a hansom cab was seen to drive out of Little Boutke street about the time tbq'i'obbary ia supposed to have been eommlBed. ' . An extraordinary esse of starvation la the street,- ooedpledtfte attention of Mr Candler and a jury of five at the Morgue this morning. ' ' The inquest was cn the. b<>c\y'. of t. child named Elisabeth . Harriett' Walsh/ the daughter of a singlo woman- Itappeared that after being re fused admfaakmto the Immigrants' Heme, ind Wandering. qbout the streets for some boon, tho mother saw the ohlld .expire in her ariua/Fkrtloulare are given In. another eolutnpV .< The fifty -fourth anniversary of. Seem Church, which was celebrated yesterday — to which reference is made elsewhere— was mads memorable by the appearance in the pulpit of the Rev. 0. H. Berry, one of the moot distinguished men in the pul pit of the Congregational Church in Eng land, who, in the evening, delivered a disoouno of striking originality and re- maskable power, which bold a largo con gregafion in rapt attention throughout. We hope to give an abstract of the dis course daring the week. New South Wales all ont in their first innings for 218. G corgi na Draham, a woman, who .had twice attempted to take hor life, once by throwing herself before a tramcar, and tho second time by endeavoring to strangle herself with a handkerchief, was at the Fitzroy Court today remanded for a week. Up to a late hour to-day the body of the man who died in the Melbourne Hos pital on Saturday ovening had not been identified. The deceased was thrown from a horse in Carlton street,, Carlton, on Saturday morning; and received fatal in juries. A little girl, seven yean of age, had a narrow escape from a violent death to-day. She slipped in front of a tram car in Spencer street and was dragged 10 or 12 yards with her legs in the cowcatcher in front of the dummy car before she was released. Fortunately, she was only slightly injured. Further particulars appear elsewhere. 