GE1NTERAL NEWS. We understand it is the intention of the Fremantle Rowing Club to entertain Dr. and Mrs. Barnett at a ball prior to their depatture for England. Speaking of the Land Grant System in this colony, the Adelaide Observer says : — When the Government of Western Austra lia consented to the construction of the Great Southern Railway on the land grant system it was understood that the English Company -ras to have an alternate block of 12,000 acres for every mile of railway con structed. The Company has chosen its land, but owing, it is said, to a flaw in the agreement, they have not confined them selves to blocks ©T uniform size and shape. They have selected some of the '* eyes' of the country, monopolizing no less than forty miles of land on either side of the line along the southern coast, including the foreshores of Albany and other harbours. For the agricultural land they are charg- 1 ing se ttlers from 10s. to £2 per acre. I The receipts at H. M. Customs last I month show a decrease of £335 8s. 6d. as I compared with February, and a decrease of I .£541 13s. 8d. as compared with March,] 1890\. The following figures represent the] total revenue for the periods specified : — I March 1890, £15,096 19s. 7d.; do, 1891,1 £15,555 5s. lid. ; February 1891, £14391 4s. 5d. Further details will be found in 1 another column. The Taylor-Carrington Company were rewarded with another fine house on Friday, when they ck-3ed the season with a performance of the drama 'Hazel Kirke,' or ' Out i' the Streets.' It was a very excellent performance throughout, and Mr. C. Taylor gave an admirable im Kirke, affording yet another instance of his extreme versatility, tie was ably sup ported by.Miss Carrington as Esther Kirke, and whenever these capable actors were upon the stage the interest of the audience was fully aroused. At the conclusion of the play Mr. Taylor appeared before the curtain and thanked the audience for the large patronage that had been accorded his company in Perth. He - stated that their success had been phenomenal, and that for the nineteen nights they had played at the St. George's Hail they bad averaged £55 a night. He further stated that it was the intention of the Company to visit Bunbury and the Southern Districts, after which they would return to Perth and give as a farewell performance a representation of the well-known play ' Mr. Barnes of New York.' It is proposed, says the Albany Advertiser, to form an Agricultural and Horticultural Society at BroomehiU, owing to the rapid progress being made in the development of land around that district. We are. given to understand that the crops of one kind and another from this district during the past year were of a value of about £2,000. On 'Change on Saturday Centrals were wanted at 19s. with sellers at 25s., Central Extended being offered at Is. 3d. with sel-: lers at Is. 9d. For Fraser'6 8s. 6d. was offered with sellers at 9s. 3d., Fraser'e South (pro.) being offered at lls without buyers, 7s. being offered for contributing without sellers. In Hope's Hill sales took place at Is. 9d., Is. 8d. and Is. 7id., Is. Id. being offered for promoters, with sellers at Is. 6d. For Caledonian (con.) 8Jd- was offered with sellers at lid., 2Jd. being nffarv-A fni* WA.tAi*halI it-ran \ wi+ii ctdlArci nir. 4d. For Exchange (con) 4d. was offered with sellers at 6d , promoters being offered at 28. 6d. without buyers. Parker's (pro.) were offered at 10s. without buyers, 11s. being offered for Stanley Brewery, with sellers at 20s. At the Fremantle Police Court, on Saturday, before Mr. R. Fairbairn, R. M., and Mr. ri. Gibbons, J. P., Joshua Davies was charged by Mr. J. Hayden, Inspector of Permanent Way, with trespassing on the Eastern Railway by crossing the North Fremantle bridge ; fined Is. and costs. Theobald Hcgan was charged with carry ing and conveying on shore a quanti'y of uncustomed goods, viz., about 800 cigars, on the 31st ult. Water Police-constable Simmonds deposed that aboat 7*15 p.m. on the day named he was at the sea end of the South jetty. At7'30p.m. he saw the accused come off the steamer Siladtn carrying a large parcel. Witness followed, and saw him go behind a stack of goods on the jetty, where he arranged the parcel. Witness asked him what was ii- the parcel, and he said. ' I have some cigars, which I have brought down to try to sell.' Witness replied that it was curious he should bring them down to a steamer to sell them. The accused replied. ' v man can sell his own property, can't he ?' and offered -to sell wit ness a box. Witness then seized the cigars aad arrested the accused. On the way to the station he admitted that he had ob tained the cigars from the steamer. There were eight boxes in alL John O'Connor, chief landing waiter, corroborated tbe evi dence of the previous witness. The Col lector of Cuftems (Mr. L. W. Clifton) gave evidence respecting the value of the cigars. The accused, in defence, stated that he bought the cigars for £3 43., from some Lascars in High-street, and he lamented that now. ' The Lascars bad gone, his money had gone, and the cigars had gone.' He was fined £16 15s. and costs — £18 in all, to be paid on Monday morning. Alfred David admitted a similar offence and wae fined £3 14s. 6d. and costs— .£5 8s. 60. in all--.. *....- s ^ .... . ,,,-.,r ... . Messrs. Dalgety & Co.XitdL. reeeive-pibB following cablegram -from -t£eir irtniilofe office on Friday: — April 2. Sales opeo-d with large numbers of buyers. Competitiofi animated. Since our last report prices ait par. Total available, including old stoci, 286,000 bales. Our own sales will fikfe place on the 3rd, 11th, 20th, and Sttr April, and 1st May. ;_ - ' *?. -; Oar correspondent at Busselton, wriJang last Wednesday, says : — A rather sBrlous accidentlias happened to Mr. H. Layman. He was skylarking with another young ''»w and fell, and in trying to save himseK.he pushed his left hand through a pane of glass, cutting it so severely that a messenger baa lobe sentt* Bunbury to obtain the services of Dr. Sampson. The sufferer is now re covering, but slowly, while it will b« «mm time before he will be able to use the in jured members. I regret to report the death of Walter Cridland,_«ldest son of Mr. Win. Cridland, of QSundalup, which took place rather suddenly. He complained only a few days previously of net' feeling well, but nothing serious was thought of his complaining until Thursday evening, when a messenger was despatched for the doctor, but the poor lad died before the messenger had time to reach the town; It is supposed the deceased injured t&nself; some time ago through falling across a~ strained wire he was trying to walk along. ~^Che tnneral took place last Saturday. MucH sympathy is manifested for the bereaved parents, for Walter Cridland was a general favorite among his playmates and ali who knew him. At the Perth Police-eoutt on Mon day Ah Coon, for larceny, was seat to prison for 1 month. Peter Me Bride, for being drunk, was cautioned and discharged. James, a Cingalese, was charged with in decently assaulting a girl named Emily Griffiths, and was remanded for 8 days. Onr Rvdn^T talMmL-Tn a tnvtk #;Tia numlfs' of the principal races run off at Kandwick last Saturday — the concluding day of the A.J.C. Autumn meet. Among the list will be nD tiwd that Bendigo won the Final Handicap, Splendour being 'secjsid, and7 Savant third. In this race Marvel, jdbo~ beat Carbine in the A.J.C. AU-agt&Stafgf;*^ one mile; last week, was entered, aad, strange to say, tbe sen of Marvellous— La Belle was drawn by a W. A. ticket- holder in TatteraairB £5,000 -= weep on Saturday's event. The following, under the head of 'So- ciety Note3,' appeals in a recent issue of a Home journal : ' Mr. Eobert Ctossman, eld est son of Major -General Sir WiUiamCross man, K.C.M.G., M.P., of Chiswick, and Holy Island. Northumberland, wOl shortly wed Miss TS1''- Clogstoun, younger daugh ter of tie late Mr! E. L. Clogstoun, of Mount Four PeakB. New^ealand.' Mr. Crossman is a native of this colony. .- With refemce to a paragraph relating to the Midland Bailway debentures which -we quoted from an English contemporary in last Friday's issue, we are informed by Mr. Herbert Bond that the statements therein contained are altogether inconsist ent with tie advices he, as 'MMiagiwg Director, has received from London, where a firm tone prevails among the holders. Although the market price of th** deben tures is a matter which does not concern this colony, where, so far as he is aware, there are no holders other than himself, to allay any feeling of nnpnniTwm as to. the progress of the work which the paragraph may have caused, he has thought it right that it should not be passed by unnoticed. James Morrison, stock and_station agent, report : — At my weekly sale,* held Thurs day.2nd inst, tfcere were no cattle forward. Cull store sheei», mixed sizes, realised from I Ss. 9d. to 6a. 4d. Der head, areraeintr fis. Fat wethers averaged 14s. per head. The following is a comparative statement of the total amount, and some of the prin cipal items of Customs revenue for March and the corresponding month of last year. The figures for March, 1890, are shown in ^parenthesis. Total revenue, £14,555 Ss. lid. (£15,096 19s. 7d,), decrease £541 19s. 8d. Fremantle, £10,661 3s. Id. {JZ1OJ01Q 14s. 9d.), decrease,' £650 8s. 4d. ; outports, £3,894 2o. 10d- (£5ft&B; 4s. lOd.), decrease, £1,192 28. Od ; detailed recepte from out ports, Albany, £1860 lls. 3d. (£1^81 Os. 9d.), decrease, £20 9s. 6d. ; Bunbury, £285 3a. 6d. (£491 Is. 6d.), decrease, £205 18s. Oo. j Vasse, £18 Ss. 4i. (£699 93. 2d.J, de crease, £631 3s. 10a. ; Champion Bay, £676 8s. lOd. (£543, 6s. 3d.), increase, £133 2s. 7d. ; Cossack, £720 18s. 7d. (£1.094 10s. Sd.), decrease, £373 12s. Id.; Catnarvoh, £52 12s. 9d. (£124 Os. Id.), decrease, £71 7s. 4d.; Broome, £66 9s. ; (£50 14s. 4d., increase, £15 14s. Sd. ; Derby, £76 13s. lOd. (£63 0s. 2d.), increase, £13 13s. 8d-; Wyndham, £136 19s. 9d. (£139 Is. lid.), decrease; £2 2s. 2d. Principal items of revenue, bacom, etc./ £81 14s. 6d. (£92 8s. 3d.,) decrease, £10 13s. 9d;beer, &&, £1^95 6s. (£1,051 17s.), increase, £243 9a, Od.; buttei, &c;, £152 Is ; (£131 7s ) increase, £20 14s. Od. ; candles, £59 ! 16s. lOd, ; (£120 lls. 10d.), decrease, £60 16s. Od. ; cement, £66 (£12), increase, £54 ; cheese, £91 13s. 3d. ; (£88 6s. 3d.), increase, £3 8s. 0d.; cigars, &c.; £167 10s. ; (£87 2s. 6dO, increase,' £80 7s. 64. ; corn, £78 Is.; (£164 14s. lOd ), decrease, £36 13s. lOd. ; fleur, £62 2a. ; (£188 2a.), decrease, £126; dried fruit; £74 4s. 6d. ; (£206 7s. 61.}, decrease, £132 3s. Id. ; galvanised iron, £156 ; (£133), increase, £23 ; hops, £109 6s. 4d: ; (£28 5s.), increase, £81 0s. 4d. ; malt, £88 Us. ; (£17 4s.), increase, £71 8s. Od. ; oil (mineral and turpentine) £431 9s. 6d. ; (£317 Is.), increase, £113 17s. 6d. ; potatoes. £86 9s. ,- {£22 15s. Od.), increase, £63 14s. 0d: ; spirits, £2,297 5s. : (£1,608 15s.), increase, £688 10s: ; sugar, &e.;, £558 16s. lOd. ; (£5014s. 9d.), increase, £57 12s. Id. ;tea, £476 5s. 8d. ; (£253 I 4a. 9d.), increase, £223 0s. lid. ; tobacco ] (manufactured) £695 8s. ; (£1,020 12s.), I decrease £325 4s. Od. ; do. unmanufactured, I £764 14s. ; (nil), wine (except sparkling), £128 15s.; (£181 15s), decrease, £3 ; sandalwood, £84 5s. ; (£49 5s.), increase, £35. Next Fiiday, April 10, is the last day this year on which those entitled to vote for parliamentary elections can have their names included on the Electoral Boll, and it is to be trusted that no one thus entitled will fail to register. .Applications can be made either personaByjoirin writing to the Clerk of the Court'far/therfustrict in whish the applicant resides. _-;--' ^ i: ?The Hon. J. H. Howe.ML t%«tflouth Aus tralia, who u^ently visite#thM^olony, has related biCraiMession of Weetera^Mistralia to a represenfatiye of the iS. A^-fZegJMttr i» follows i^iejnjn^ York for **Yilgten-Sbld fields Itr. Howf not ced that the ;«ountiy. for a distancfe -of about twenty -miles Was fairly good agricultural land, but a great area of it was pbinte&outcolum; a^ belong ing to absentees, whwsseared in th»-»^y days cf the. colony^JLai^ge grants of such land, and hafl not attetoptwd to improve it. On enquiring why it Could not be^pur chased,^ie was met aricb. the reply,;r^Oh they wont sell it.' He found that large tracts of country were comparatively worthless. Oa the other hand large areas of forest land he mat with en route were of really good quality, being suitable for agri cultural purposes. The expense, however, of clearing such land would be fiom£3 to£6 per acre. Between York and Yilgarn, along theioute of the proposed railway, there is, in his opinion, toqtd for a fairly large agri cultural and pastoral population. It would, however be uoeless to attempt to settle people on the soil without giving them, at the s=une time, facilities, to get their ptodcra to. mar-' ket by railway, and without '' the Govern ment spending money on water conserva tion. At distances of a out every ten miles there are granite hills, varving in area from 10 to 100 acres, and from these hills water could be conserved at probably a small cost. While benenng tfeaf t|ie*3oU is good for agriculture; DTr. 'Howe says that he saw none tojpompaae-inth that of Belalie, (Mtowife, M|riua*alieaiid'Guuiare, in South Australia. Speaking ofthegold fidds, Mr. Hafe Ssbnsideis tbst, w#i a juaiciou8 parpendituieof -caphsl on tbe development of tbe mines, a permanent mining.difefcrict vaiB&opeued; vip t» employ alargd and prosperous pepulation. But like other goldfields in Austratia many of these mines are being worked with in in sufficient capital. Sinceihe opening of the Great Southern Railway from Albany to Beverley-jr^distance bf 243 miles— a. large tract of fairly good agricultural - iand has been opened up. It is only a matter of a few years when the area under wheat in Western Australia will be very largely augmented, and, as a consequence, they will urtimatety 'be independent of the supply of breadstuffe from Sooth Australia. For instance, he noticed tiut at Katannin^. 118 miles from Albany, a large roller-mill ,«aD juiaiuji uunpieseq, ana taers.were l*rge stacks of wheat alongside of it, which, he wajs told, had brenproaticed witiua twenty five miles of thomiTL Mr. Howe speaks in high terms of the hospitality that he re ceived whilst in Wt«tern Australia. Mr. Howe visited the karri timber for esta, and . was . much struck with .their magnitude and excellent quality. He was informed that such timber, after practical tests, does not stand be:ng submerged in the wa! er or being placed in the ground. For other purposes it ie. however, of great durability. As thu timber is n-ar the seaboard, and bears a very strong resem blance to jazrah, it is being ship .*d as jarrah to various . ports. Jarrah being so suitable for railway sleepers, piL-s for jet ties, &c.;, it' would bd a pity for the West ern Australian people to injure their trade by sending karri timber in its place. Mrs. Allen, who has for many years past been known as ' Twenty^ight.' has at last, through failing . health, been com pelled to enter t he Home. The Chinaman who was on Friday con victed of the wilful morder.of Ah Gi^i, and Siems to take his sentence very t^iinly, has expressed himself that he d*-es not ca-e w uen he is hanged. The following is the text of a circular which has been addr ssed by the Roman Catholic Archbishops of Sydney, Melbourne and Hobart to the bishops of the various dioceses throughout Australia : — ^St.'Mary*s CitbedraL Sydney, March 12th, 1891. At j a ?meeting of several of the Australian j Bishops, held on the occasion of the Dedi- j caripn of the Convent of Mount St. Mary's, Moss Tale, the approaching visit to this , Wnntry of the Irish National Delegates 'H£; brought under their Lordships' con. I aeration. It was' felt that the subject is | Ae presenting oonBiderabie^iffieulty to hs, — and likely to lead to serious disunion in the ranks of our Irish Catholic people in Australia. W ith a view to prevent, as far as possible, so deplorable a result, and at the same time to put on record for the guidance of our flocks in this important crisis, our opinion on this proposed mission of the Irish Delegates ; it was unanimous ly resolved, that, while deeply bympathis ing with the Irish National cause, and ready to make every sacrifice for the ad vancement of it- interests, it is not expedi ent to extend our support to the represen tatives of either of the rival parties, as long as the present unhappy differences remain unsettled in Ireland. Should your lordship coincide with the views here put' forth, may we request you to authority; us add your name, to this expression of opin ion. On Saturday at Fremantle a gentleman nrnnfid Tallernian had a narrow escape from accidental poisoning. Feeling somewhat indisposed, be purchased some medicine at a chemist's shop, from an assistant. Hav ing taken the medicine, and while walking up High- street, he experienced a fainting sensation. He was taken into Mr. Wheel er's shop, and while there exhibited all the symptoms of poisoning. Medical assistance was procured and the stomach pump applied. After a critical time Mr. Taller man shewed signs of recovery, and he is now considered fairly out of danger. Judgment was given in Dublin on Jan. 26, hi the Queen's Bench Division, upon an extraordinary question of law arising out of the railway disaster of Armagh. A Mrs. Walker was a passenger by the excursion train which was wrecked, and, being at the time enciente, she subsequently gave birth to a deformed child. For the injuries she h«-r8elf received the company paid her £800. She then instituted the present action (in the name of the child), in which she alleged by her pleading that she was acceptedasa passenger by the compviy; that at tbe time she was so accepted they knew she was eneiente ; and that at the time she was a passenger the child was in jured by the accident, in consequence of wfaiehitwas bom injure! and deformed, t'o this statement of .claim a demurrer was taken by the counsel for the defendants, who alleged ~that no unborn child. had any right of action or interest t» recover damages for personal injuries. The Lord Chief Justice, injgiving judgment. Baid that chum which disclosed any duty on the part of tbe railway company towards an unborn child. The other judges concurred in this view and the demurrer was accordingly allowed. We understand Mr. Darldt, owner of Will o' the Wisp, has offered to run his horse against Wandering Willie for £600 a side, in a race of two miles, each horse to carry the same weight as imposed in the York Cup— Willie lOet. 61b., WispSst.— and in which the two brother* secured first and second place. The man Hogan who last week was fined for smuggling at Fremantle was sent to gaol on Monday, in default of payment of the fine inflicted upon l*«»*i While having a two-mile trial saUop a few days ago the well-known Melbourne raoehorse Jebusite broke a blood vessel, owing to the effie ts of which he succumbed shortly afterwards. ? At the Fremantle Police Conrt -on Monday, before Mr. Jft. Fairbairn, R.M., 1 and Mr. R. Gibbons, J.P., Isabella Turner, for drunkenness, was fined 5s. ; as was also Peter Ran for a similar offence. Ran was also sent to prison for 21 days for resisting the police. Sarah Jane ? Clarke, for dis orderly conduct, was fined 40s. or one month's imprisonment. Elizabeth Thomp son, charged with vagrancy, was cautioned and James Woods, for a similar offence, was also cautioned. David Ward, brought up on remand, charged with an unnatural off .'nee, was remanded to Perth, as the offence was alleged to have been commit ted at Bullen's. \ ?Mr. George Wilson, Lexington, Missouri —an American gen tl nan who has an ex tensive personal acquaintance with the North American Indian zaces and their ways— declares that to those who know tne facts the massacres of the Sioux are inex pressively sad and shocking. The Govern ment, he tells us, makes 'treaties with the Indians, promising them annually certain .supplies, which are mainly stolen by the agents.ihen the Indians suffer in body from hunger, and iu mind at the thought that they are perfidiously treated. Thus they lose all hope of earthly help, and turning towards th« thought of supernatural de liverance they quickly adapt the idea of the Messiah to their own case, the ground be ing ready for the seed. ' AU through the bloody year of 1865 (says Mr. Wilson), when we were prompted to feel esu-h. morn ing whether our scalps were in place, we eould not fairly deny that the dagger we were incamef rom the faults of onr own ra-v in their bad faith with Indian*. Toe ia. ^ lot of Sioux that I eaw was E^d Cloud and other chiefs and ' Strong Hearts,' in Chey enn, en route to Washington. They were as straight as arrow*, and as i hey stood in the streets surrounded by crowds of the curious, they wore like eo many Sauls, a head and shoulders above any of the white men iu town, except the sheriff (an old soldier of Stonewall Jackson's) and two' men who are now Senators from Wyoming.' Mr. Wilson confesses to a feeling of sad ness in the thought that such a raca has extinction as its certain fate, and that their smooth, beautiful tongue— to them and their neighbors tbe international and diplomatic language, as French is to the whites — must be lost to comparative philo logy. ? ? At Fremantle, on Saturday, a visitor from Perth was in the act of stepping from the steamer Baladin after saying goodbye to some friends when-he accidentally fell into the wa er. Prompt assistance was -rendered and the man was hauled from file sea to the jetty, evidently little the 'worse for his impromptu bath. Tb'« following ca-ses were disposed of at the Fremantle Local Court April 6: — Judg- ment for plaintiff with cos's. — F. J: Itnray v. W. M. Brown, £2 10s. ; F. Henderson v. a. V. Eaton, £10 19.= . ; Same v. G. King, £13 2s. ; Same v. Mrs. Smith. £2 ; D. K Congdon v. F. Platt, £3 4s 3d. ; J. & W Batemam v. J. Gurney, £10 Ss. lid. ; T. Smith v. H. E. Spry. £1 7s. ; SymoD, Hammond and Hubble v. Mrs. 'J. A.- Hall. £10 6s.6d.; Samev. T. D'Alton, £9 16s. lOd. (judgment for £1 8s 3d.) ; C. J. Mc Mullen v. E. Beardsworth, £1 8s. Cd. ; C. J. McMuUen v. B. Morris, £4 13s. 6d. ; J. McCleery v. J. Brans, £8 13s. ; Symon, Hammond and Hubble v. J. H. Lindley, £13 Ss. 4d.;E Paliett v. G. Outram, lls; G. k. Woods and Co. v. T. J. Hall, £23 19s. Id., di -honored acceptance ; J. and W. dart-ey v. L. 'Wimtridge, £3 15s. 6d. ; E. Evett v. J. Summer-ton, £7 ; J. J- Higham v. D. Gordon, £5 3s. 2.1. ; D. K. CongJoa t. W. Rutherford, 16s. The following cases wereadjourntd until next Court day: — S. W. Copley v. W. Toompson, claim for £18 for money lent; R. N. Waldeck v. F. Hodges, claim for 15s. for -damage ; and V. W. Ross v. R. and K. McElroy, claim for £4 8s. lOJ^for goods sold and delivered. On 'Changeon Monday Centrals were wanted at 19*. with sellers at 25s , Central Extended being offered at Is. Id., with sel lers at la. Sd. In Frasers a sale took place at 8s. Gd. For Hope's Hill (con) Is. 6d., was offered witU se-lers at 2s. Id., promot ers being offered at Is. Gd., without buyers. For WaterhaU (pro) Is. was offered without sellers, contributing being offered at 6d., without buyers. When th-* Fremantle Local Conrt rose on Monday Mr. Fairbairn.ti.M., announced that he would take the remaining cases unheard on Wednesday. On and after Friday next there will be a regular bi-w«ekly train service on the Midland Railway between Guildford and Gingin. The train will be despatched on \- Wednesdays and Fridays from Guildford at 10-30 a.m., reaching Gingin at 1 p.m. The return train will leave Gingin at 2 p.m., arriving at Guildford at 4-30 p.m. At tbe Fremantle Police-ocmrt yesterday Mr. A. B. . JLidson appliei for bail on behalf of Aithur Turner, who is now under remand charged with having stolen about £30, the property of Byron Hayes at the Albion Grounds on the 30th ult. Corporal Connor objected to bail being granted. Mr. Fairbairn R.M., informed Mr. Kidsonthat the accused would be brought up for trial as early as possible, and that probably the case would be taken on Thursday morning. At the Fremantle Police Court, yes terday, before Mr. Fairbaim, Thomas Smith was charged with allowing a dog to attack a little boy named Healy. The boys' leg showed the mark of a severe bite. Mr. A.B. Kidson, who appeared for the defendant admitted the offence, and a fine of 5s. was. imposed, on the understanding that the dog would be kept chained up in future. Mary Ann Weaver was charged with assaulting Mary Ann Wayien. There was no appearance of the parties concern ed and the case was struck out. George Hughes, teamster, was charged with assaulting William Holmes. The com plainant deposed that early on Saturday morning the accused brought him from a boat in which he was sleeping to a stable on the pretence that a man was lying sick there. He then struck witness a severe blow en the eye, and beat him severely with a stick. Phe accused was ' pretty drunk ' at the time. The complainant showed some of his bruises, and it was evident he had 'been brutally treated. The accused, in defence said he had been told that the complainant drark a pint of bier beloneine to him. and that was how the quarrel arose. The accused was fined £4 8s. and costs— £5 in alL OnSnnday last it was announced in Wesley Church, Perth, that the 57th anniversary of Wesley Sunday School .would be cele brated on Sunday next, when special ser vices will be belt, the Rev. W. A. Potts preaching. momingand evening. At three o'clock in the afternoon the usual presen tations of prizes mil take place, when the prizes will be distributed amongst the olderclasses by His Excellency tbe Go vernor and Lady Robinson, and among the younger children by Mrs. Shenton and Mrs. . Simpson. The following Wednesday evBnSng a pnblic meeting will be fa«*)^ in Wesley Church, when the report and balance sheet of the school for the past year will be presented. A case of considerable interest in bnsi nmfl 'Mn4«l war liaslnA fat tlio IfVtfxmuntia Local Court on Monday. Messrs. Symon, Hanunond and Hubble sued the Mercantile Agency Co. for £11 8s. Mr. A. B. Kidson appeared for the plaintiffs and Mr. J. Fiddes represented the defendant company. The claim was based on a written letter of guarantee, np to £50, given by the defen dant on behalf of Mr. John Elliott, while the bitter was trading as the W, A. Furnish ing Co., and pievious to his bankruptcy. The letter was dated the 26th. June. Mr. Schrouder, amwmfatnt, deposed that the goods value of which it was now sought to cover went forwarded on, July, 11, and that the guarantee had not been withdrawn. Mr. Fiddes combated - the claim on the ground that this particular transaction bad not been endorsed by the defendant company, and submitted that the plain tiffs thereby took the risk. Mr. Kidson, in reply, urged that the plaintiffs were not obliged to communicate where there was a rontinuing guarantee. After a short deliberation the Bench re turned into court, and Mr. Fairbairn R.M., Btated that they were of opinion that the letter was a guarantee and judgment was given for the. plaintiffs. Mr. Fiddes stated that lie purposed appealing against the decision. Mr. W. H. Bessel-Browne, ? the Perth manager of tfce Equitable Life Assurance Society of U. S., has received a cable from bis bead office to the effect that the Equit able has succeeded in writing the phono uiinal sum of fourteen million five hundred thousand pounds sterling during the first quarter «f the present year, bome idea of i he magnitude of these figures may be gathered from the fact that tbe total busi ness written by the combined offices of Anstrolaaia in one year is considerably under twelve millions. forming him of the purchase of the Pioneer I Battery formerly belonging to the Uphill Co., at Parker's Range. We have received from the Hon. H. W. Venn, Chairman of the Agricultural Com mission, the final report of that body, which we hope to be able to renew at length in an early issue. The Fremantle Turf Club has organised an attractive programme to be run off at Woodman's Point on the first of J-ne — Founfotion Day — which contains seven events, as follows : — Maiden Plate, of £10 ; Peny fcace. of £10 ; Fremantle Cup, of £30 ; Galloway Race, of £L0 ; Hack Race, of £5 ; PoBy Race, £7 10s.; Ladies Purse, of £10 10s. We 'hope to public the programme in detail in our next issue. Mr. Edward Downes, a very old colonist and one of the earliest settlers in the Victoria district, died at Dongarra a few days ago, at the advanced age of 72. An other well-known resident of the same district- Mr. Robert Pearson— died at the Greenough on the 29th inst. During the week ended the third instant the total number of visitors to the Victoria Public Library was 300, of which 20 were ladies. At the Perth Police-court yesterday David Ward charged with an unnatural offence, was remanded for 8 days. Tbee Ah Kin, a. Chines -. was charged on a war rant with deserting the service of his master. It appeared that the accused came out under agreement to James' Craig, and was afterwards transferred to Mr. Stiick land, who dismissed him. Crai^ fiuding this out desired accused to come back to him, but be would not. and ac.ordingly the warrant was issued. The police this morn ing applied to have the accuied remanded to York, but the magistrate, Mr. J. C. H. James, refused to make any order. On Wednesday night, says the Albany Advertiser, a man named Walter Scott -vas brou^lii down to Albany from Round Swamp suffering from severe burns received .-- i Monday night at the latter place. It seems that Scott, who is a kangaroo hunter, had spent Easter Monday at the Rannd Swamp Races and i i the evening being somewhat intoxicated he laid' himself down by a bushfire to sleep. By B)me means or other the unfortunate man's clothes became ignited and soon began to scorch bis flesh. He then jumped up and ran for assist-in;- --, but before this could be obt lined hisbudy wats burnt in a inost.terrible manner. Scott who. was suffering intensely, was brought down by Mr. Hugh Cliniic on Wednesday night for treatment at the Albany hospital On . 'Change yesterday sales took place in Eraser's at 8/4 and 8/3, Centrals being offered at 85s. without buyers. For Central Extended 1/2 was. offered with sellers at 1/8, Eraser's south (pro) being offered at 10/ without buyers. For Hope's Hill (pro) 1/ was offered with sellers at 116, contributing being offered at 2/ without buyers. A sale took place in shares of the York and Yilgarn Carrying Company, at 9/. It was reported in Albany last Friday that a valuable find of gold had been made in the Broomehill District by two men who have been employed tank sinking on Lord BraBsey's property. The specimens brought into town are, says the Advertiser, of a particularly fine description,, coarse gold in considerable quantity being- dissetni nated throughout the stone. Should this be 4 genuine -find, Broomehill and Albany may look for an important impetus to be given to their .trade. Arrangements are being made to obtain confirmatory evidence c.f this reported valuable discovery. Messrs. Anderson &. Barr, whose business {-remiseR and dwelling in Hay-street were destroyed by fire eariy., last month, have, thrduga their aolicitoss, Messrs. Stone and Bart, issued wiits against the New Zea land and Loadon and Laacashire offices to recover the amounts of their policies secur ed in those offices on their stock and furniture. Trains on the Guildford-to-Gingin sec tion of the Midland liailwiy. which will be opened for traffic on Thursday next, will for the present run on two days iu each week — namely, on Wednesday aud Fri day — as follows: — Leavicg Quildford at 10*30 a.m., arriving at Gingiu at 1 p.m., and returning at 2 p.m.,reach ing Guildford at 4:30 p.m. Tbe following cases were heard at the Fremantle LocalCourt onMonday afternoon :— R. Honey v. J.J. Elsegood, chum for £13 17s. 8d. Mr. GawL'r appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. G. Starker f»r the defend ant. Plaintiff's cierk stated that as uider was received for a quantity of art-hit laves, 5 by 1£. Th~- order was entered in t he ord-a*-book, »nd was taken do.rn from the plaintiff. The lat'er, in defence stated be ordered the timber G by 1 j- He was positive be did not order 5 bv 1£. £4 83. was paid into court and judgment was given for the plaintiff for £6 15s. 8d. J. J. Highaai v. W. Davis, claim for £10- 5s 9d. for galvanised ion eu;-j 1 ed. The defend ant eaid'that the iron was damage! by seawater, but he admitted that fce had used the iron during the past sixteen months. Judgment was given for £6 19s. Mr. R. II. Bateson, the local director of ihe Macintosh OJ.M. Co.. received a wire From theB-ard in Adelaide , yesterday in 