ITEMS OF NEWS. . ' A publio and hank holiday will bq obsarved in- tho district on Wednesday in honour of tho marine excursion. The Victoria "and Talbot' Drug Stores will also be closed for the whole day. The well-known farm belonging to Mr Thomas Lee, "at Muckleford,' has been leased to Mr Michael Burke, of Richmond Plains, for a term of years, through the agency of Messrs A. H. Halford and Co. The auctioneers draw the at tention of buyers to the advertisement in our columns of Mr Lee's clearing-out sale. . The annual picriic of tho employes of Messrs Thompson and Co.'s Foundry will he held at Elphinstone on Friday, /March 6th. The pic- nickers will be conveyed by special train, and an interesting programme of sports will be gone through on the ground, which can also be easily reached by vehicle. The Chief Secretary, has given instructions for the immediate distribution of the Govern ment vote to the free libraries and museums. The distribution has been delayed in order to give Mr Langridge an opportunity to consult Mr Deakiu, his predecessor in office, by whom most of the claimsJiad been sifted. The Rev Father Collins paid a visit to the town last week, and on Wednesday tendered a picnic to the scholars attending St Mary's School in the Botanical Gardens. The Misses Justice and Torey supervised the arrangements, and the outing was greatly enjoyed by the children, who . indulged in various games, sang choruses, and gave hearty cheers for Father Collins. : 4 The company coinpetition for the Sargood trophy took place at the local rifle range on Saturday. C Company, 4th Regiment, com peted, but D Company was precluded, in conse quence of not having 75 per cent, of their strength represented. Colonel Penno was tho umpire, and the result of the competition will not be known for some time. All the officers belonging to the C and D Companies were present. The half-yearly inspection by the Commandant takes place on the 21st prox. A lecture will he delivered in the Congrega tional school-room this evening by the Rev T. J. Pepper, who will discourse on his journey to Jerusalem. Amongst the topics on - which he will dilate will be the holy city, the church of the holy sepulchre, Jeremiah's grotto, the temple, the pool of' Bethesaida, the Mount of Olives? and life in Jerusalem at the present time. His treatment of the subject will be of great interest, and the lecture will be illustrated with diagrams and photographic views thrown on a screen by the sciopticon. The Rev J. Albiston has engaged his berth on a mail steamer for England that will leave next month.- For thirty-four years he has had no holiday, hut now he will -have a rest for twelve months. He -will be accompanied by his son, who has passed his second year as a probationer for the ministry. They purpose leaving the steamer at 'Suez and iriaking a tour to Jerusalem and other places in which our Saviour sojourned, and which are associated, through him; with the worship of , Christianity. Tho : friends ; of Mr Albiston will wish him and his son an enjoyable trip. A cricket match was played on Saturday afternoon at Wattle Flat between the Clyde and North Castlemaine clubs, and resulted in a draw, each side scoring 58 runs. — The two days' match, between the Castlemaine and Harcourt Clubs was concluded on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the latter by 59 runs. Harcourt closed their first innings for 234 runs, whilst Castlemaine, with Sarvaas absent, scored 175. Costello and Slattery each contributed 46, and W. Wilson 32 runs. In their second innings Harcourt made the poor score of 23 runs. Cos- tello howled well, securing five wickets for nine runs, and Richards three for six. ' A tea-meeting in connection with the Primi tive Methodist Sunday school, will be held this evening, and will be followed.hy a public meet ing, at whioh-addresses will be delivered, hy mns sung,' and recitations delivered. The anniver sary of the Sunday school was celebrated yester day in the presence of good congregations. The Rev W. Bennett - preached the sermons in the morning and evening, "and in the afternoon the presentation of prizes was made to the scholars. The children occupied a platform on either side of the pulpit, at the rear of which stood a beauti ful banner. The church was nicely decorated, and the manner in which the hymns were sung during the day -by the scholars showed careful training on the part of Mr F. Hough, wlio pre sided at the organ. Recitations were also given very effectively. There was a large demand on Saturday for the rail and boat tickets/ for , the citizens'- and pioneers' marine, excursion on Wednesday, and as only a limited number' of tickets remain unsold early application is necessary to the various agents.,' The first and socopd special trains from Casticmaine. to/ Williamstown pier will leave the main, platform, ' p/nd .the third special starts' froiri 'the" down or ' Maryborough platform- A new JoiidTtongd phonograph hp? been placed on board the ' Hygeia, and this shonld prpve an-additionaj source , <?f attraction to" the excursionists. The'Excursion Committee .will meet in, the t9w.n Hall tO:night to make final arrangements for-the outing. A historical and descriptive account of the Jenolan Oaves has been published -in a hand some volume with 23 - illustrations, produced; from photos' taken pndeigrouhd by tjie aid 'of /artificial' light:'' The: author/ of it, Mr Samuel Cook, a ;Sydney jpufnidist, Vfirpt wrptp' it in a' series of papers : contributed', to , the ' Sydney: Morning Herald,' which "were so, noted- for the beauty of composition and sp1endQur.of . descrip tion, (hat wo, as many other journals did,- copied many of his articles. , It is at the request, of numerous correspondents that these articles are now ; republished in a -form in which they/ can be preserved. The hook -is printed' by /Messrs Eyre and Spottiswoode, of -London, on /tliick hot-pressed paper' arid clear type, with heavy-hoaWi hound, in . red, clotli. In his pre face (he. author remarks?: th'at neithor tqngue, nor peri, nor pictorial art cap convey an adequate idea of the magnificent arid .exquisite beauty of these caves.'- . Words are. too poor to express the feelings -of admiration mid awe which, ara ex-i perienced by. those who. wander- through : the- marvellous subterranean galleries, embellished /with myriads of- graceful and- fantastic -forms of /purest white, alternating -with rich colour and' delicate tints and shades." The two principal ." day caves,", the Grand. Aroh and, the Devil's /Coachhouse,, are . formed. .right; ..'through;, the mountain. Water courses coriverge towards them, and- in times of heavy rains they, are scoured by floods, so an understanding may he obtained of the.meebanical causes of the enor mous excavations which excite admiration and astonishment.- Water, light .arid variation of' temperature acting on the limestone dyke for mation causes these geological transformations that astonish. ; ; In the interior caves, where night : reigns supreme, chemical combination has played an important , part._ ' The effect of water is everywhere observable 'in graceful contours, lovely .forms,' sparkling grottoes; and /fairy cities. Mr Cook's description of his excursion to. the Jenolan. Caves' is delightful to . read, arid being now procurable in a volume, it should become in great requisition by. the public. ; The/Minister of Railways has had his atten tion direoted by a deputation from-the Women's Christian Temperanoe Union to. what are alleged tp be the evils arising from the refreshment bars on the railway stations, and he was asked to in'-, troduce legislation having for its object tlie aboli- tion of all such bars. . . Mr. Shiels, in reply, said he was' unaware of any very serious results hav ing occurred among, the railway servants, ns pointed out ; by the deputation. Regulations were already in existence under which no railway employe was allowed- to. indulge in -intoxicants, and the. commissioners "would see that any breach .of ...tp8» ./ regulations was attended, with the sorvereet 'consequences, but in regard jq tfye closing of the bars ho was -sorry he r could- 'tot comply with the request of the deputation. Inn public demanded the refreshment rooms,. UtV1 would be unfair to expect that the bulk of the. people should .bo compelled by force of l»w to accept the views of even so worthy a body as the Women's Christian Temperance/Union. V" The young man William Fuhrmeister, who had his arm nearly severed at a MVmill at Blackwood, and who was thon admitted to the Ballarat Hospital, died on Friday. The deceased was only 20 years of nge. _ ' A telegram from Port Augi#o statw that the captain of the barque Newsboy, which ar rived there, on Friday, reports that the seepqu mate was lost overboard on the voyage 'h1®® weeks io# At the Central Criminal Court. Sydney, on Friday, Alexauder Scott, and his Wife Mary Scott, wero found guilty of neglecting their iu- fant child and were sentenced to I months imprisonment. A woman named Sarah Morns was found guilty of a similar offence but as her case was of a- much more oruel character she was sentenced to three years imprison ment. , ' . A terrible accident happened on Friday to a little girl, the daughter of MrsM. Q'Bouoghue, Brown's Plains. The child trod on a hot cinder, and, in the attempt to get away, pulled a kettle of boiling water over herself, then fell into the fire, terribly scalding and burning herself. The little sufferer was brought to Rutherglcn, where she was attended to by Dr Leslie, who holds out but faint hopes of her recovery. ' Mr D. E. Martin, the secretary of the Agri cultural Department, has now ready for.distribu- tion about 100 varieties of potatoes, including all the choicest and most prolific kinds known. They have been, grown at the Royal Horticul tural Gardens, Burnley, arid Mr Martin will be glad to receive early application from growers in potato districts who desire to obtain samples for the purpose of testing them in their particular localities. ... During tho year 1890 there was received at the Sydney mint for coinage 119,-563oz of gold, as compared with 114,486oz in 1889, and 82,891 in 1888. The value of the gold received in 1890 was L435.983, as compared with L414,027 in 18S9. Gf the total "quantity, 42, 582oz came from tho northern gold districts, 21,515 from tlio southern, 27,871 from the western; and 27,592 from localities unspecified. ' Great care is" taken of the morals of the youthful Heligolanders. No young person under 16 is permitted to enter a : public-house, dancing room, or theatre. The law has been in force about a quarter of a century. / and_ the Germans, while making various new regulations, have not altered it. Strangely enough, it.does not appear that Heligoland hoys' are > forbidden to smoke. But perhaps cheap -cigarettes have not yet found their way to the island. ; ; Mr ICG. Fuller, the well-known solicitor of Seymour, committed suicide on Saturday about 6.30 o'clock. Mr J. A. Taylor, discovered the remains on the bank of the river near tho Royal Hotel, with a bullet wound in the region of the heart, and a discharged fowliug- piece with a string attached to' the trigger, lying -close by. A letter was found in one of the unfortunate man's pockets, saying that his affairs were so mixed that ho felt his reason giving way. 'Mr Fuller was a bachelor, and it is said had no friends in the colony. The charge .against Oswald Twist, lato boots of the Palace Hotel, of setting fir? to that place, was concluded on Friday afternoon in the Mel bourne Criminiil Court, when the jury returned a verdict of not guilty. The foreman of the jury added the following rider:— "The jury are of opinion that undue influence has been used to procure evidence against the accused;"" Twist was then removed to gaol, where lie is under going' a sentence of 18 months for perjury in connection with the mysterious Palace Hotel fires. Steps will probably he taken to have, the evidence taken in the perjury case reviewedj " On the 31st March last year, a clerk employed by Mr Prowd, . stock, and share broker, Adelaide, was paying L2636 into the. bank when soriiejim- pudent thief seized the money, whieli was in notes, and made off with it. - The detectives have been at work on tho case ever since, . : and suspicion having fallen on a young man named Walter Saville, who has been residing in Sydney for some tiine past, the Adelaide detective were comiriunicated with, and Detective Lawlor, who was sent over, to take up the. case, obtained suffi cient evidence against Saville to justify him in taking hini ipto custody, which he did on Fridcy evening. The only case heard oil the civil side at the Sandhurst Sessions was that in which Mr W. H. Grigg, a mirier, sued for. divorce from his wife, Susan, on the grounds of her desertion and adul tery. . She left her home with one Joseph Hore, now supposed to be in America, arid the woman now lives with a man nariied Parish"? in Croy don, Queensland. Affidavits from, the. clerk of Courts at Croydon proved, the service of the necessary notices, and that defendant '- riaid that she would not defend the case.r .Mr Justice Hood granted a rule ' him? anriullinj- the mar riage, with costs against the co- respondent. Hore. ; Owing toseyeral bush, -fires occurring through the careless use of fire-arms, the Avoca police have been on the look-out for pereoris shooting op Sundays, and Mounted-Constable -Hall,/ of Re'dbank, discovered four men, naiped' Odgers, Snowden, Trainor, -apd ': Mrirley, from Mary borough, shooting on Sunday; the 25th January,' on Natteyallock estate. ' Shortly afterwards a bush-fire broke out, 'destroying an imineriee quantity.of grass, and it was presqmed ihpt/ the men caused the fire. The men were : charged with the offence at "the Moonambel Conrt on Fri- day, before Mr F. K. Orine, P.M. The cases were proved, and the culprits severely .repri manded by the Bench. : Odgers was fined '60s, and the other three 40s each. ? ' ; A well to do up coupty farmer and grazier has some difficulty in getting :gdpd working hands. The willing men are duffers, /and the capable men are lazy. At : least, that's his experience. He got a new man; the other day and set him to reap some oats that he "wanted for seed.' After a while he went '- out - and. Interviewed? himi - He hadn't made much progress; : Seq a /coach . go down the road i little while ago ?" asked the. grazier, 'Indeed I did, boss. Ope of the/ horses was agrey hoss, and' the other /was a roan', end Iftjuo in tjie p£f leg.' 4 1 . thought -I hQarl iSonae shots over there in the scrub.' Yes, lwssj .there, is three men there, and they've got new fangled loadin', guns that break/ in two.'. 'Did' youisee those wild pigeons fly over just : now ?.':/.> See 'em? Guess I did. There were 19 on 'eni. They is in that field over yonder.' .' Well, you see fo \ much for a man earning a .weekly screw. Here's your wages.' Wheri I want a riian to keep watoh of what is going on, I'll send for yqn.' A singular case of hiood-poisoning with fatal /result has occurred at Gaffney's Creek, the vic tim being a child two years of age, son .of Mr J Benford, engineer at the A1 mine. The boy ih supposed to have ' been bitten' or stung by a. venomous insect. ' Mrs Benford says the child was in his usual good health when she put him to sleep in his cot on , Friday night. ' She was awakened by the screams of the /boy at about 13 o'clock, and had considerable difficulty in pacify ing him. Qn Saturday the child sickened, and went into convulsions, and his right arm became swolleu and slightly discoloured. Dr of Wood's Point, was sent for, and on arrivai pronounced it a case of blood-poisoning. He made two ' inoisions, and /otherwise treated the patient, but the venom was too well estab lished, and, in spite of; all efforts, reached tho hrqin of tho child, who died. There" is a black spider common, enough tliere'kriawn to be veno mous, and it is thought the. child was bitten by one of these. Sunday, January i, was the ' anniversary :of the first great oceaw race on : record. This wak. 399 years ago, when Columbus set sail from a newly-discovered port hf euha.'.whiclr hri named Navidad, baoansn he latided.'th'erri om Christmas Pa y. Jps ooHeagne, |»in?on, wfio Behaved somewhat feieely toward the great explorer, j tried taget) .eh4td/of Mm op the reu homo. but ; iri spite o«Mie terrible storm Mob- lo.- 149.2' ; laating for/over a week, and duWP h,ch> despair, Columbus threw overboard the sealed log of his discoveries addressed to Ferdinand of t Spain, he won the race by about two days, and | was the first to bring the news to the monarchs of Spain and Portugal. Itis said that the log has recently been picked up on tne coast of South Wales, and will shortly be published. Columbus gives so precise a description of it m his celebrated letter to Ferdinand thatthere ought to be no difficulty in testing its authenti city. The claim of the Welsh to have been the first discoverers of America has been proved to he untenable, but they may possibly hereafter he credited with the fact of haying discovered an important relic of the great discoverer of that A peculiar accident happened on \Vpdnescl ay to q German farmer named August Jarqck, resid ing at Jindera. It appears that early on Fuday nioniing. as a fanners .wife was coining into Albury, when near Black Range, she sqw a men apparently hanging by the neck in a tree a litOe way "ofT the road. The woman, believing the man had hanged himself, hurried into town and cave information to the police. .On going out Sie police found that the supposed suicide was Jarick. He was alive, but in an unconscious condition, and was lying in the fork of the tree. On his removal to Albury Hospital it was ascer tained that Jarick had received concussion of the brain, besides his collar hone being broken, Jarick's horse and cart wero subsequently found in the bush some distance away, and it is sup posed that Jarick, who was somewhat under the influence of drink when leaving Albury previous to the accident, drove into the bush, and the horse;holting threw him into the tree. 