WOMEN'S GOSSIP. (From a Lady Correspondent in Sydney.) ? It has always been a source of won derment to me what objection people, and chiefly women-folk, have to second marriages. It is a notorious bat that het Majesty the Queen is very strongly opposed to anything in the shape of second love, her own de votion to her dead husband's memory being a household word ; hence she ' has no forgiveness for a eister-womaa entering the marriage state again. I was told only a few days ago by a lady just arrived from England that a society woman of high rank who had not been to. court for several years — not since her second marriage to a gentleman quite her equal in social position — but who upon applying for permission to attend the last drawing room was indignantly refused, her Majesty expressing herself iii the most decided manner upon the imper tinence of proffering suob a request. Now I call this interfering with the liberty of tne subject in the most un mistakable fashion, nor do I see either reason or fairness in it. To be sure the sentiment of life-long attachment, deathless love, &c.;, is all very pretty and romantic ; but how if there is no affection in question at- all? Be sides there is no offence to the memory of a dead partner ia putting one equally good in his place ; and I have no sympathy with views so narrow and stilted, even though they be en dorsed by royalty itself. Very few weddings have taken place j since my last letter, and those -that have, have generally been on rather a I qniet scale. One which tool: place in a suburban church last week was pretty, the church being beautifully decorated with flowers. The bride wore a superb iGng trailing gown of richest white mervillieus, with high pnffed sleeves, caught up with little trails of orange blossoms, Medici collar, coronet of orange flowers and diamonds, her white satin shoes hav ing buckles of the same precious stones. The six bridesmaids wore frocks of soft white crepe, three having trimmings of shell- pink, the others of sea-foam green. For the ' send-off ' rose-leaves superseded the time hononred rice — much a nicer and cleaner salute by tbe way. The naval element has always been a popular one in Sydney, and is be coming more so every day, whilst lat terly a new and interesting feature has been introduced — that of inviting friends to the morning services on board the men-of-war, and indeed to the afternoon services as well ; the churches quite losing their fashionable audiences in the new craze. Lady Charles Scott is said to have a parti cular penchant for ' praying on the water,' and to give every encourage ment to making it popular. Whilst the magnificent s.s. Orotavo was in port I observed it lighted up every night for service, although I am unaware whether it was patronised by the outside world or not. The custom is an ancient and good one of holding church service on board a vessel every Sunday, and asking others to attend can assuredly do no harm, although the practice has something of the ap pearance of a fad about it. Christmas fairs, Christmas school 'exams.,' and 'sich-like ' have been occupying the time of those who have leisure to give their presence to those little entertainments, and very pleas ant it is to witness the advances made by tbe young students of both sexeB in every branch of education during the past year. I confess it becomes a bit tiresome to be called upon too often to attend those celebrations, but then, as they are for the encourage ment of the coming men and women, we should not complain at so trifling a sacrifice. TTisro ia annfhor nnitit. fnr flio women. Miss Annie Mozley was selected and appointed by tbe late Cardinal Newman to collect and pub lish the whole of his correspondence whilst he was connected with the English church prior to his going over to Home. The material, as may be imagined, is voluminous aud of most interesting character ; and that so cap able and seasoned a judge as New man should have entrusted a task of such magnitude to the hands of a woman is tbe biggest compliment that could be paid the sex. Miss Mozley is better known as a thoughtful con tributor of occasional articles to higb class journals than as an all-round literary woman ; but tfeat she must possess the qualification necessary we may rest satisfied, or tbe analytically minded cardinal would not have charged her with a work of so much . moment. Some very nice things in the way of hats are in for the festive season— amongst others what isknown as'Vthe Langtry.' shape— wide and flat, in crepe of a eea-ehell pink. The cr^pe is bunched w- into a crown withlovelv bouquets of forget-me-nots. Another is. in anew French green, -arranged on top in butterfly bows with dead-white ribbon' interwined and pearl bacldes. A/ew of tbe pretty floral toques are still -seen, bnt they aro dyiug out slowly hut surely. A vision in cream crepe de chiffon with delicious tea roses is known as ' tbe Countess of Jersey,' although her ladyship is doubtlessly in entire ignorance of tbe reason- why tbe nomenclature has been, bestowed. Large batB are also much worn in black and white lace, with either bunches of flowers or soft feathers. v' In dresses the ' nobby ' little jackets of the same material as the \- : dress us rapidly Increasing in {Favour, . and' very smart they look with a few pearl ot gold or silver buttons, especi ally whenworn with awhiteblcmse : and Ibelt; and j-ftiflotft intend die . bloascio be confounded, with ihat r most- masculine ; article of dress, . Ihe -shirt.wbieh no woman who understands -grace m dress would ' dream of weaong. j - A-tlnicr ham the old-country who ' ~ i WM h -sojourner for -e6veral years at 1 -Cap* Town and othetpartB of British At&tK; grnr far/ Sto^oent the -ether ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ^ ' eveningin my hearing ovprthe Btrange idea of women in these ljot countries persisting in wearing black or heavily coloured gowns instead of white, which always look so swept and cool. I have heard other travellers make the same remark over and ovir again, and of course I see the sense of it ; nor for the life of me do I understand why we all do it. It cannot be that black is' nicer, for what can he fairqr or fresher than a soft cream white! dress, say with becoming ribbons ? But in any gathering the number of white frocks ' to be seen is so few tbat tbejr are posi tively remarkable, whilst black, navy blue, 'heavy prone, and other deep colours are everywhere, aud assuredly they are not seemly nor appropriate. Will our girls take the hint ? ChriBtmas will have come and gone before I have the pleasure of addres sing my dear readers again — Christ- mas with its wealth of golden wattle bloom, its bells with their rich waxen petals, its fair flannel flowers, and other blossoms emblematic of the time and season — Christmas with its hal lowed associations, its happy memo ries even, if it has its sad ones. To me there are few things more touch ing, more suggestive of the deadand gone hopes and pleasures of life, than the joyous peal of the church-bells on Christmas Day. They speak of those tbat were with us away in the bmied years, who shared our hopes and fears, oar hannineBs and our woes : hut then I suppose these thoughts are common to all the children of men, because there is no life without its tears as well as its smiles; but Christ mas seems to be the centre, tbe point around which its memories gather, when friends and dear ones meet, when unkindness is buried and good feelings alone live. It is given to none of us here to dwell iu Arcadia, but none are so poor that they may not help to scatter a few rose-leaves on Christmas Day across the path of those less happily placed, even if only to say a few kindly cheering words at this joyous season which comes but once a year; and in the greeting, ever old ever new, to each and all I wish a Merry, Merry Christmas aud Happy New Year. Fumigating Fruit-Cases, — The fruit season is now on, and fruitgrowers who desire to keep their orchards free from insect pests bad better see that their empty fruit cases are properly fiimicrnfp^ nffer hnvina hnf»n nonh fr.n market before tbey are allowed on their premises again. Fumigation is a simple matter. An air-tight box, or nearly so* is secured ; tbe fruit boxes placed therein, and a smally quantity of sulphur burned in the bottom. Tbe fumes of the snlpher will kill any insect pest that may be lurking about, and so save their transportation from the market or other place in the box. A little precaution with a fumigator in this way would save many a fruit grower much trouble. — Town and Country Journal. With the approach of summer, when bush, fires become prevalent, attention may be drawn to the construction of what we are informed admirably serves the purpose of a fire-beater. The beater is made by cutting a piece of harness leather from 18 iu. to 2 ft. long, about G in. wide at the other eod, tapering in to say a couple of inches. This is attached to a piece of wood or handle 5 ft. or 6 ft. long, with a saw-cut in the end in which the leather ia placed, and the whole riveted through or securely bonnd round. At homesteads where appli ances ars kept ready for the emergency of a bush-fire we would recommend our friends to supply themselves with a number of these fire-beaters, the ordinary sack of green bushes usually in use as fire- beaters beiug too heavy, and a person requiring to use them, as a rule, has to do so in a stooping position, which persons of experience will admit is perhaps tbe moBt tiring and exhaustive work that can possibly be nndcrtaken, and renders the beater more exposed to the smoke. The article we suggest may be made of any l length and very light. Nothing makes j a better handle than an old handle of I a hay-rake, say about an inch in diameter. It has also the great ad vantage of being easily carried when upon horseback galloping to a distant fire. — Exchange. Tbe liquefaction of gas as a motive power for tbe Giffard gun was tbe result of nearly twenty years of ex perimentalising on the part of tbs discoverer. M. Giffard has sold the right to the rifle as a weapon of war to tbe French government, and the patent rights to tbe Messrs. Colt, tbe | American firm of small-arm manu- : facturers, for the sum of £200,000. 1 Experiments are now in progress for the application of liquefied gaB to cannon of the largest size. A singular case has just . happened - at Dnnkerqne, France. In 1870 a girl was burn who was in error re corded as a hoy at the Maine, She was in due course, balled upon Jbb serve in the conscription. „8be pleaded her sax. It was demurred that hor ' name stood on the register aB a boy, and that she bad'^no jigbt tb he i, girl. At last, on due' proof to the civil tribunal at Dankerque, she was re lieved of army service. . ' ' I saw a hat on a girl the other day which literally touched her head nowhere (write? a London correspon dent). It was fastened upon a small mound of hair which by some means had been induced to stand erect. Thrust through with a highly danger- , ons-lookine wflftTlnn. f.lifl hat, fnamhlaA and shivered, -boreriug abovp, bnt not resting upon, the very pretty head beneath. This is one of the excellent' ways of bringing on neuralgia which I have npticed of late. Professor Bartori of Lodi, aware of '. the commercial importance of the aroma, for butter as well as for its digestion, has been/ laboriously in vestigating the important subject. - It . itchiefly by the aroma 'that butts? is 1 distinguished from 'the -beat margarine and artificial preparations. Forage is the chief bnt not tho sole source of aroma. The baiter fronr stock pas tured intheAlps- possesses a flavour - and a perfume superior to the batter prepared from ihe milk of cows fed on plains. 