NEWS AND NOTES. MR. LOTON, M.L.A., will address bis consti- tuents at the Court-house. Guildford, to- morrow evening, at eight o'clock. SIR FREDRICK BROOME, Governor of Trini- dad, and Lady Broome left Southampton for West Indies on October 27th, by the steamer Medway. THE warm appreciation shown for Fitzgerald's clever circus troupe at Fremantle was in no manner abated last evening when another well-filled house testified to the sterling merit of the programme gene through. The circus will be open again this evening. THE ceremony of swearing in the Mayor and Councillors elected for the Municipal year, which commences to-day, will take place in the Town Hall to- day. The swearing-in ceremony will be performed by Mr. G. Shen- ton, M.L C, the Colonial Secretary, and, of course, will be open to the public. THE REV. W. ROBY FLETCHER, M.A., the well- known South Australian Congregational Minister will arrive at Perth by the mid-day train to-day, on an official visit to the Con- gregational Churches of this colony. In our advertising columns will be found the pro- gramme of services and public meetings in connection with his visit arranged by the reception committee. SIR J. B. LAWES has made his usual annual estimate of the wheat crop of the United Kingdom, with the result that he adopts an average yield of 30 bushels per acre, at 60lb. per bushel, for the season of 1891. The requirements of the population are about 28,500,000 quarters, and at this rate twenty million quarters of foreign wheat will be required to make up the deficiency. THE London correspondent of the Argus, writing under date October 16th, states that Baron Hirseh's agents are looking out for suitable settlements for the Russian Jews, and that there is reason to believe that a "colony" would be established in West Aus- tralia, if the Government and people made no objection to the advent of considerable num- bers of Russian Jewish refugees of the agri- cultural class. THE public examination of Mr. J. M. Wil- liams, a farmer, residing at Newcastle, whose affairs are in the Bankruptcy Court, was commenced yesterday afternoon before the Registrar, Mr. F. A. Moseley. The examin- ation was conducted by Mr. H. Wainscot, as proxy for Mr. J. H. Monger, a creditor, and was not concluded when the Court adjourned till 10.30 a.m. to-day, when it will be resum- ed in the Registrar's office. A report of the proceedings appear elsewhere. THE owners of the s.s. Australind and the s.s. Saladin are having constructed by Messrs. Blackwood and Gordon, shipbuilders, of Port Glasgow, a large steam steel lighter or small steamer of specially light draught and with twin screws. This lighter is to be named the Beagle, and is to be stationed at Cossack for the purpose of lightering cargo to and from the Australind and Saladin, and will also keep up a communication between Cossack and the months of the adjacent rivers at present unvisited by steamers. Mr. GLADSTONE writes to the Liverpool Daily Post, in reference to the Church census taken in the town on October 18th : "To have 63,000 out of half-a- million attending church at any one time was, and still is, a dismal spectacle and a great reproach. To collect these various returns must, I suppose, in- volve considerable expense, but it is the performance of a great public service. Al- though the Nationl Church has gained rela- tively since 1881, she has but two-fifths of the churchgoers. I imagine there are few towns in England where this is the case." THE conference between the Committee of the City Council and the Directors of the Perth Water Supply Company was resumed yesterday afternoon, in the Council Chamber. There were present, in addition to Coun- cillors and the Directors of the Company, Mr. Parker, Q C., and Mr. G. W. Leake, Q.C., on behalf of the Council, and Mr. S. Burt, Q.C., on behalf of the Waterworks Company. The proceedings were very pro- tracted, and both parties separated at the close, although the points were narrowed down to very few, without having arrived at a basis of agreement. THE London Daily News regaled its readers recently with the following interesting item of fashionable intelligence :—"There is rather a fancy for high-stepping dances in American circles just now. 'The skaters' is one of these, though to judge by the name the step ought to be rather a glide than otherwise. The music to which this is danced is the well-known pas de quatre from a recent Gaiety burlesque. This, with the skirt dance, is for girls only, and other measures are being devised for their special behoof, as the gentlemen of America seem to incline less and less to this amusement." ON October 1st (says the Anglo-American Times) there was a dinner as New York, when many newspaper men met, among them Geo. Francis Train, who spoke in his usual wild strain. In the middle of his harangue he exclaimed :—"Boulanger is deal, Balmaceda is dead, and Parnell will be a corpse within a week." This prophecy was received with incredulous smiles, and Train, as quoted by one of those present, ran on in this style, "Ye are idiots who kugh. , The revolution is on. The people will rise. I am the apostle of hypnotism. Death, devastation, and disease are in the air. Two adventurers are dead, the third—Parnell—has run bis course, and will die within a week. The translatantic- hypnotic-psychic cable brings the news." On Tuesday, four days after Train spoke these words, Parnell died ; and if the story is authenticated, the coincidence must be re- garded as remarkable. THE London Daily Telegraph of October 24th contains the following paragraph:—"Mis- fortunes are falling thick upon the beer trade. In addition to home difficulties and 'lager' rivals, it has now to count upon colonial competition. The first consignment of Australian beer ever exported to this country by our Antipodean offspring has arrived in the Thames by a Peninsular and Oriental steamer. Should it prove palatable to English consumers the trade, it is said, will be rapidly pushed ahead. What with beer, wine, mutton, kangaroo's tails, oranges, apples, and other articles too numerous to mention, Australia will soon be able to supply us with the complete equipment of a sub- stantial dinner." It may be added that the judgment of those who have sampled the new importation is distinctly favourable to the Antipodean brew. ON the subject of kangaroos as an article of food, "West Countryman" writes to the St. James's Gazette :—At the present time a large number of these animals are being kept by Baron Rothschild in his park at Tring; and amongst them are to be seen a variety of the species, ranging from the big old man kan- garoo down to the diminutive Wallaby. When I was privileged to inspect them during the summer of 1890 they one and all appeared to be perfectly acclimatised, and were in excellent condition. As, however, a six foot fence does not act as a deterrent to some of them if they desire to seek fresh fields and pastures new, keeping them as an adjunct to ordinary farm stock would involve a some- what heavy outlay in the way of fencing— unless, indeed, ingenuity suggested something in the way of hobbling. Kangaroo steak would certainly prove an agreeable addition to our limited meat dietary. ALTHOUGH the Government did not deem it advisable to proclaim the 2nd December—the day fixed for the Eight Hours' Demonstra- tion—a public holiday, a large number of business people in Fremantle have agreed to close their places of business to-morrow, and, judging from the complete- ness of the arrangements generally, the Demonstration should be a pronounced suc- cess. Yesterday a number of the employees of the locomotive branch of the Railway Department interviewed Mr. J. Murray, president of the West Australian Federated Eight Hours Association, and informed him that in response to a requisition forwarded by them to the Hon. Commissioner of Railways a holiday had been at once granted them on the 2nd inst. They requested to be allowed to march in the eight hours' procession at Fremantle, to the number of 80, and Mr. Murray cordially welcomed them. ON Thursday afternoon last, states the York paper of the 28th ult., a fire was noticed near a hay-stack at the residence of the Rev. P. J. Gibney. Upon closer examination it was discovered that a quantity of rubbish surrounding the stack had been ignited, and the alarm was at once given. There was soon a large number on the spot who succeed- ed in extinguishing the flames. It is under- stood that the fire was started by two small boys carrying a piece of smouldering horse manure to the haystack. They had been watching the permanent way men burning the grass on either side of the railway line, and in view of having a fire, as they thought, between themselves, attempted to burn the haystack in question, which contained about 15 tons of that valuable commodity. Fortu- nately the young rascals were frustrated in their attempt, and what might have proved a most disastrous fire, was, through the praise- worthy efforts of several citizens, confined to a very small space. THE birth of a daughter to Mr. Grover Cleveland, ex-President of the United States, would appear, states an exchange, to have done much to favour his chance of re-election next year. Had it being a son, the general opinion is that his success would be assured. The newspapers are full of the topic. Mrs. Cleveland has always been a picturesque personage to Americans, and already "Frankie and her baby" has become a campaign cry. Every good American knows that the little girl weighed eight pounds on the night of her birth and that she has blue eyes. "Baby McKee won't be in it now," cried a tariff reformer on hearing the news, and the Democrats are in high spirits over the event. They know that it will rouse the feminine portion of the com- munity to enthusiasm, and in that way affect the masculine voters. One of the prominent newspapers has offered a prize, consisting of a handsome gold watch, to the competitor who first sends in the prettiest and most ap- propriate name for the ex-President's little daughter. The decision is to be made by the- votes of the subscribers to the journal. THE following items of news are taken from the York paper of the 28th ult. :—Bush-fires, like influenza, are very prevalent in these districts just now. Messrs. Parker Bros. and Dinedale, lost a considerable acreage of bush feed from the former cause on Tuesday last at the seven mile gully on the York- Guildford Road.—A fire broke out at the rear of the residence of Mrs. Lowe last Tues- day morning. The fire-bell was at once set in motion and before many minutes had elapsed a number of residents had assembled on the scene, and succeeded notwithstanding a strong gale was blowing at the time, in arresting the flames before any serious damage had been done.—Our Newcastle correspondent, writing under yesterday's date, says : Yesterday afternoon Mr. S. Hagger, an old and re- spected settler, passed away. The deceased who had been to Perth, as a witness in the case of Edgill v. Clarkson, returned hone on Tuesday evening in a semi-conscious state, and has never spokes since. He was about 63 years of age. THE long talked of bridge over the Irwin River is now states the Victorian Express, an accomplished fact. The construction of the bridge may be cited as one of the smartest pieces of bridge building accomplished in West Australia, while the workmanship is pronounced by several authorities as not to be surpassed. The structure is over all, including approaches, more than 300 feet long. The first pile was driven on the 16th of October, and on the 14th of November the construction of the bridge was complete. There are thirteen piers of piles, each pier having 3 piles. These piles are driven from 10 feet to 14 feet into the ground. About 4,500 cubic feet of timber has been used, and over 3½ tons of iron. The cost was over £1,200. The contract was in the hands of Mr. Matt. Price, and the result reflects great credit upon him and upon all concerned. It is expected the bridge will be open for general traffic in a few days' time, the only work re- maining incomplete being the metalling upon the banks forming the approaches. The whole structure is very complete, having a well finished and painted hand rail, and the approaches being neatly dressed with hard dressed stone. The site is near Criddle's Hotel, on the road to the Park. THE secretary of a London Labour Associa- tion having sent to Lord Knutsford, Her Majesty's Secretary for the Colonies, a copy of a resolution urging the Government to in- troduce a scheme of state-aided emigration and colonisation as a remedy for industrial depression, Lord Knutsford has directed the following reply to be forwarded :—"Sir,—I am directed by Lord Knutsford to acknow- ledge the receipt of your letter relative to the question of state- aided emigration to the colonies. As the association is aware, the subject of emigration and colonisation has been very thoroughly considered by a select committee of the House of Commons, which took a great deal of evidence, and which eventually reported unfavourably to the adoption of any state-assisted emigration scheme. In view of that report, therefore, Lord Knutsford cannot hold one any hope that Her Majesty's Government will be dis- posed to introduce any such scheme as is proposed in our resolution, which would be both inexpedient and ill-advised. Lord Knutsford desires me to add that in most of our colonies a very strong feeling prevails against the emigration from Great Britain and Ireland of persons likely to become a burden upon the community, and that in some of our colonies labour troubles are quite as intense as in the mother country.—I am, sir, your obedient servant, Robert G. W. Herbert." THE following paragraph appears in the an- nual report of the South Australian State Forest Administration : "In connection with the introduction of timber trees from the other colonies, some very satisfactory evi- dence has lately been obtained as to the useful character of the yate tree (Eucalyptus cornuta), from Western Australia. This tree has new been planted at Bundaleer and Wir- rabara reserves for some years, and, in fact, on all the reserves, but in greater numbers at the two first named. It has grown very well, being hardy, and little, if at all, affected by frosts. Its special value, from some points of view, lies in the fact that it is fit for many purposes at an earlier age than most of our gums. A fence was lately lifted at Bundaleer, and amongst the posts that had been used in it were several yate gum posts. They were cat from trees seven years old, and, though they had been quite three years standing in the ground, the sap wood (they were round posts) showed no sign of decay. Few posts of other saplings at such an age will stand in the ground above one year. The timber also, even when cut to a thin strip, proves very elastic; and used as swingle bars in a plough, it stands the daily strain of a six-horse team without any sign of fracture. It has a high character in its own colony, and it appears likely to maintain it reputation in this colony also. It will be extensively planted in the future on the reserves, as well as the Vic- torian ironbark (Eucalyptus sideroxylon) which also gives evidence of being a valuable tree for a great number of purposes. THE following letter was received by His Excellency the Administrator, yesterday :— "Sir,—As a doubt appears to exist whether some Government advertisements which were received some time back by the WEST AUS- TRALIAN do not technically, at all events, approach a contract within the contempla- tion of the Constitution Act, I feel it my duty, while any uncertainty exists upon the subject, to hand my resignation of my seat in the Legislative Council to your Excellency. I am the more induced to take this step as I find that my private business entails at all times a very severe pressure, and renders it a matter of great difficulty to do justice to the further work demanded of anyone who has the honor of a seat in Parliament.—I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, J. W. HACKETT." The explanation of the difficulty which has arisen in the case of Messrs. Harper's and Hackett's seats is a simple one. According to the general schedule specified rates are charged for all public advertisements, ac- cording to their length and number of inser- tions. This method of charging was found to entail great trouble in the Government advertising, and to save this an arrangement was made, in certain instances, which was also much more economical for the Govern- ment, that a fixed space should be taken instead of having the notices charged indivi- dually. It is extremely doubtful if the arrangement really constitutes a "contract," but there being the doubt, the gentlemen above-named felt it due to themselves to place themselves in the hands of their respec- tive constituents at once. 