,`E L -. L A] . tS.' SiPDNEY, WVeduesday, 10.1i A.m. Wonor has been resamed by the old hands at all the southern collieries wih thie exoception of Mount Keira, where free labourers are still employed. Reports received by the lends deportment. show that there is a steady and marlred diminution ic the rabbit pest in the western districts. The minister for justice bas decided to disallow the exhumation' of the bodies '?oif' Chinese unilse they have been interrod for a period of seven years. lSince Monday moroinng 488 points of rain have fallen at Tumut, and the river and creseks ar:e flooded. Already great damage has been done to Ihe maizeo and other crops. Bush.fires are reported to be raging in theb Nevertire,, Albury, sand Parkes districts, end large areas of pasturage have been burnt. * A woman named Mrs. Harriet Woodleigh attempted to commit snicide last week by, shooting herself at the grave of her child in the Graftoi cometery, and died yesterday" from the effects of the bullet wound. A lad named Gill wasedrowned at Grafton yesterday while fishing, . When the bodye was recovered, the line wn?stwisted round tlic boy's wVrist, and a fish was attobhed to the hook. rA woman named Elizabeth Donovan, 100 years of age, has been accldentally drowned in Mlangroveo Creek, Goeford. She had lived iu the district for sixty years, A public meeting was held last night in the Proteatent Hall to express indignation at the antion of the railway commisseloners in die. peaning with the ,services: of, Mr.' Hoyle. Several speechles were delivered by members of parliament and ohbore, and resoletionse condemning the commis'sloners and express.' lag sympathy woth Mr. ElHoyl weore Corred. Heavy penaltios were inflicted yesterday at the ceatral police court fotr'bhreoees of the DoBetting Houses, Oapprosiin Act, the tiner being £100 In nee ease snd'£0O in several other eases .... 4.1 p m. Messrs, Goldebrough, Mort, and Co. ro. port :-We offeored yesterdoay 500: bales of wool to a crowded ale.idance of Eaglish,, foreign, and local buycr o . orpettleont:wae active nod woll'slsnetainod throtlghont fer good and fairly.aoudlitioned parcolels, but inferior and faulty lots were 'more difticult of sale, Continental buyers were' again tile' largest:, operators. At auction and privotely. plnco. last. reporting we ihave disposed of 4810 bales;; good, greasy selling to0 9d. ;, good washed fleece to 1/.; good scoured to 10d: f lb. l . r The premier is aweayfrom 'hie office to-day owing to iondisposition, and it isteared lie will not be.ablo to leave lise private resideece foi' some days. ' SFerris, 'tlia orac leftlhanded bowler, leaves on tie 1Itlh instant for England, whore be ltonds aelkitg a loagtby eojoaru..' It is pro.. posed to present 'bhie, stlb a'. chronograpls watoli prior to his dep'arture." '. ". 'The police have' no oelu at present' to'' Benneitt, the misseiog bale nlanager,'. It ih cow stated that Ihie defIaliatias do not exceed : £4000, 'Before leasving,' Benneott disposed alf a great deal of property hld lied in Padding. eon, so that the chanceeof a recoup.from thlt quarter to small, Ar must dariiig daylight robbry was prpe;s. . tratad in. the Domain :yeterday. A yaoung man taking rest woas sot upon by two'young' S'men, nod in resisting -awnbrrtally lbuoaole: about and rendered senseless, Hie assailants' 'tfaeu rifled llls pealcet cAnd: mado off. ' Al. tiugh lo'the affair toak: place during: the itler. nooen, no c senses tohlevavee seen ; it' George G lrievciind Alfred Grieve wer com.'' mitted foe trial to.day on' the liarga of IHvieng sloloen £100 in noteslfron tie Pyrmont branch of iho\E,;;. S.,' arid A,.0C Banli,, where: they represented thomseeole to be dteetives, Bail 'was 'refused,: us, it?'? 'sstated that botlh' hove already senvedtr:ysyears'foe forgery on'the. same bonk, LONDON;: Tuesday. Tnar directores ..ofthci Scotolhrailwayes are ojeotitg' mono o. esitrilit who'bocupy ' houses Iowned by thle ompnies'a . Aafiocee are regarded1 as very critical' A riotl' tokpi aco'at Mother. well," where a croowd of about 2o0,000 etikors nld mineai:s' neaealled,' anrd,: were? forcibly dispersed by tice police nflera dotachment of ,Hnessais had' fired aipedn thelm'-,withl blankl cartridges, welct a Blantcyre the mob at. ial?od thebo'selope . Sevoire fghtlig';tools place on' Monday be. .tweeni :theo Amurican .trolops':end the Sioux Indidanse, The ;batsle was proceedlng die. estrously for lthe eoldl`e : "?" ie. Sficldon, Amerlcan.oexplorer in Central ?frioai'.iaoe 'estobliehed' 'a bodygunard of soldiers, composed of negressee. Professor Bornhcim, pupil of Dr. IKlc, lies explainod tlhomothod employed for the cure oi eneumlctien. He says the loundation of the lymph i horseo.fleeh bouillon. ,'The Britsleh squadron in Behring Sea Is 'to .bie roinforced. It ie reporled that is Gorman fleet is to pro. ibhed to Bahring Sea to proteel German inter. osiio,; cad it is eaoooiaeedi that "tossle is me. .btlisesg tiue fleet in Siberian waters, witli thc vieW sif assisting the Aeertean eisuadron in Ihohring den, Itia reported that Proiildiit Blaine lnc coce. seeled to arbitration with a view to tic settle.' woect of tile deltriog dea dilicoulty. James Mullet and Patrielc Dolanoy, Ito.: Invinoiiles ewho le ave evidence before the' TlcocPnr-rnell connihesoo, have beeoe re. leaned tromc prisiu, thle remainder of their; soelOeCoO htviull been remitted. The ramoinci cf tit Into lIrf, Klcgtaklo, the ilelorian, hove Ilcin oereinated, It is icnnoincud th1at the rescent fires, icy whioch tie Fifth Aveniiue aec Mtrmanao's Thceotres in Now York were clestroyid,.orlgi. catod in a dofeclioc ololerictrligt wire, Later, Dr.rIloob'e eocincceptioe oil'o hcn boon op. plied iu eases of leprosy at lofdlid, and been partially iicoonolal in eflechtiog a cure. tlcting in ennouooticm with the groat rail wey strike an Scotlanicd ociurrei at catCobridgo noar Ghlsgaow. Nillrlre o1 perioou were neoro or Ices injored aid great damoge done to proporty. Tradel in the district is lanrn lysod, and ail tice Ifcetoriec etopped for the wnool of coal. Thu poophc o Nloilounidllndc tlicvo dr0arold their right ta dol cwiti Freiohmoen fidsling ic Nowfcurdlland wcahies, sod iaoill tic asnert their riliht ti expel tlhe Frenol, wchile they leaooci Froiace acid Engllacndc tii ioltlo lnatloreat isaeo bicwonn ticnm. 