Local and General. \--4e-- FOURTEEN deep sea-vessels arrivedin port •durinh the week,. and 19 sailed. 'DuRnGN the fortnight ended today,' Greta 'colliery has worked eleven days. H.M.8. OoAcoA has boon recommiesioned 'for service on the Australian station. Meassns. 'J. DILLON AND W. O'BRIEN were arrested on landing at Folkestone. THE strike of dock labourers has extended to Liverpool, where 2000 men have gone out. THE China 3k per cent. loan of '£7,000,000 will probably be floated in gold, and not in Ssilver. FIvE vessels cleared at the Customs yesterday, having 10,910 tone of coal on board. ON 'Wednesday next Arnott's employees' annual picnic will take place at Cockle 'Creek. YsrTrrsaDAY news reached here that the ketch Rock Lily had gone ashore at Camden Heads. THE Tithes Bill passed the third reading in the House of Commons by a majority of '89 votes. THE Dutch barque Concordia arrived yes terday, after a passage of twcelve days from Adelaide. THE share 'market yesterday sustained another 'heavy fall, Broken Hill stocks especially being low. STHrE export of coal from Newcastle during .e past week, to foreign and intercolonial ports, was 37,558 tons. DuarNG this season to dato 48,083 bales of wool arrived locally for-chipm'ent. . Last season 58,830 bales arrived. AN expedition of 1200 Egyptian troops has ,sailed from Suakimn for Tobkar, which place they will occupy and fortify. TuHE men on strike in London and Cardiff express themselves confident of being able to crush the Shipowners' Federation. THE supporters of Mr. Justin M'Carthy have passed a resolution endorsing his con .duct since he was selectedas leader. IT is estimated that the loss to the miners of the New Zealand West Coast collieries through the late strike was £30,000. THE steamtug Awhina has been sold by the Auckland ('N.Z.) Tugboat Company to Mr. Andrew Dalton, of Newcactle, for £4300. THE B!I.S. Mombassa sailed yesterday for. Singapore, via Sydney, with-4S00 tons of coal, the largest cargo that hasyet left here in one bottom Da. Koon'sc lymph for the ours of con. sumption has been oflicially named tuber culine. It is shortly to be offered for sale to the public. 'DURING last year the importations of coal into San Francisco amounted to 1,096,498 tons, as against 1,146,937 'tons for the pre ,rious year. IT is stated that the Karralatta, of the Australian Auxiliary Squadron, will be placed 'in the reserve immediately upon her arrival 'in Australia. IT is reported that large bush-fires are raging in various parts of the Gippsland dis 'trsrt, and doing enormous damage to timber, 'foncing, and grass. THE Melbourne Builders aud Contractors' Association are opposeodto a proposal for the formation of an employers' defence fund, with a.capital of £100,000. THE barque Cooleep, now 102 days out 'from London to 'Newcastlo, has been fixed 'by Mesars. Gibbs, Bright and Co. to load wool here for London. ,HE Cardiff strike leaders are appealine to the railway men, miners, and alt other unions, to strike, out of sympathy with the 'dock labourers movement. IRuE arrivals of wool in Great Britain from Australasia during 1890 amounted to 1,228208 bales, of which Now 8outh Wales .contributed 313,776 bales. MRO. W.XNDrA?r, widow of the late Mr. John W yndham, of Dalwood, near Brasnxton, died rather suddenly on Thursday, at her residence, from heart disease. FoB 45 days prior to the 12th ultimo no Neweaetle coal arrived at San Francisco. A good market was anticipated for the expected arrivals for the three months from that date. IN connection with the Fremantle Harbour works, the ,Government of Western Australia propose to adopt a scheme of Sir John Coodeds's, involving an expenditure of £448,000. TscRE is every probability of tho West Australian Government inishing the work of Parliament in time to enable the representa tives to thoes Federal Convention to reach BSyd ney by the 2nd proc. IN consequence of the inclement state of the'weather on Thursday, the Lambton shop assistants were unable to hold their picnic at the Lake, and have resolved 'to make another try in a fortnight's time. THnE Government have decided to invite tenders for the supply of -175,000 tons of Ssteel rails, to be made in the colony, out of -Eioerals raised in the colony, and with fuel also raised in the colony. AT the annual meeting of the Wallsend and Plattsburg Coal Company, held on Thursday night, a dividend of 8 per cent was deolared, £150 written off the works, and -£152 6s ld carried forward. A FLTAL'gun accident happened at South land, N.Z., on 'ihureday. Jonas Miller.was out shooting, aWd while attempting to pull hieloaded gun through a fence, the charge exploded, shooting him dead. Mr. PAHnarI, has failed in his negotiations with Messrs. O'Brien and Dillon, and has declared " war to the knife" with his oppo nonts. Ieo is making arrangements to address toeetinge throughout England. Jona Fosnus, the man who was appre hended in connection withtho alleged assault at Merewetiher on the 6th' instant, was brought up st the police court 3esterduy, and further remanded till Tuesday next. Tsu ks.lf-yearly statement of revenue and <xpruml:ure for the Stockton ntunicipality is published in this issuo. D!ui?a the week -eding last night 45a,~847 tons 12cwt 2qrs'f coat arrived at the C?rrington Dyke for shipment. Tue Government have refused to purchase I.M.S. Swinger for £5000, that being the sum asked by Admiral Lord Charles Scott. SIE HENRUY lBEUGOIIA LOCe, Governor of the Cape, who hue been on a visit to London, returns to Capetown on Feb. 27. "Su BnIsorse," Iselington.-The paragraph came in the ordinary course as news, and we have not received any further information on the subject. Tue Federation Convention will meet on the 2nd proximo. For the banquet to be held in connection with the assemblage, 700 inviations will be issued. IN th.e list of directors of the New North West Sunlight Gold and Antimony Mining and Reduction Company, advertised in our columns, the name IIon. E. Morley should read Hen. E. Morey, Ts.L O., Victoria. TIrE South Australian Government have given instructions to the inspector of the codlin moth to destroy all fruit trees affected on the land of owners or tenants who have frelod to comply with the notice to eradicate tfo poet MEt. M'WurHIRTEra's barn at Bionaway, near Coonabarabran, was burned on Wedneeday night, with 400 bushels of wheat and 100 bushels of oats, estimated to be worth about £200. The fire is supposed to be the work of an iscendiary. AT a meeting of the shareholders of the Wentworth Goldfields Company, Mr Cooper, the engineer of the gompany, exhibited ore taken from the mine assaying 15;000oz of silver to the ton. The ore is expected to average 60oz to the ton. TIoE Queensland unemployed desird to send an agent to the United Kingdom, to counteract the work of Mr'. Randall, a lec turer who was steibesidised by the Govern ment to induce emigration of English labourers to,that colony. TeeEe little boys, named Arthur Miles, Frederick Dobie, and Daweeson Edwards, were brought before the police court yesterday, and ordered to be detained in the lockup till 7 o'clock, for having stolen a quantity of fruit from the garden of Mr. -hbo Thorn. A cAntweTmsrann, noned Johln Henry Buon, pleaded guilty, at the police court yes terday, to a charge of stealing a pair of boots, valued at 7s Gd, thbo property of Mr. J. D. Smith, of Hunter-street. A sentence of three months' hard labour in Maitland gaol was inflicted. Savacn bush - ires 'have occurred in the Narrabri district Two broke out on Nowley run on Monday, and were subdued. There was one at Parrott's on Sunday night; the men turned out, and extinguished it with some difficulty. Part of Boolcarrol grass is being purposely burnt to prevent the spread of probable tres. ON Monday evening a grand concert will be given in the School of Arts, Wirckham, in aid of the Hamilton 2. C. Church organ fund. An excellent programme of musical and vocal selectione has been arranged, and the well-known farce, " Whitebait," will be produced. GEOR?G? HAOE, a wife deserter, appeared at the Adelaide Police Court,' yesterday mornieg, and from the evidence it appeared that during the last three years he had been in gaol 2j years for failing to pay an order of 15s per week for his wife's eaunport His incarceration has seriously affected his health, and the 'order was consequently reduced. He had been before the court on about 20 occasions previously. Mr. T. Cox has for private sale £10,000 worth of land and house property in the city and suburbs. Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe will sell on Satur day, Mlarch 14th, the Kilroy Estate, North Stock ton. btr. Theom?m Anwickl will sell two allotments of. land, with cottages upon them, on Monday next, at 3 pim. Mr. . Flynn will offer for sale, at 3 p.m., on theo lst inst?n?t, fourteen allotments of ;laud in Waratal,. Mr. E. P. Hill will sell, this morning, at 106 Hunter.street, a collection of furniture, books, and miscellaneous goods. M5r. Johnl Grisdale will sell to-day at4.30 p.m., at Frew's Great Northern Hotel, the gates, &o.;, of the Plattsburg and Walleand Amateur Turf Club race meeting. Messrs. T. Burnage and Son will sell a bicycle and shares in the Newcastle and County Building Company and the Comet Soap Company at their rooms. MIfarket-street. at 3 p.m. to~day. At their oflice, WVolfe-street. to- day, at 3 p.m., Messrs. Bibby and Tighe will offer for sale 100 acres of farm land near Coornubong, and the' property is commended to the notice of farmers, fruitgrowers, &e.; Messrs. Batt, RIodd. and Purees, in conjunction with Iessrs. Blrunker and WVolfe, will sell on Saturday, the 21st instant, farms and grazing areas at Raymond-terrace. and an estate of 1500 acres at Cooranubong. The sale will be held in the Newcastle rooms of MIessrs. trunker and Wolfe. Mfessrs. J. C. Bonarius and Son will sell, to. day, an allotment of land. On Thursday next, at 2 p.m., on the ground, a parcel of land on Fleming's subsivision, Linwood. Atan early date they will sell laudedproperty in the city also .t1 acres of land at Lenehan's Flat, near Miami. At their rooms, Wolfe-street, to.day, at 11 o'clock, a quantity of furniture will he olfered. Mr. hI. I2. Lang will, on the 25th instant, at 3 o'clock, at the Great Northern Hotel, Watt-street, sell a large quantity of valusable city property. The property includes business premises in ante?.stroet, a block of freehold landi=n King street, land and buildings in Bolton-street, a building site in Scott-street, and freehold allot ment in Dutmaresque street. Messrs. Creer and Berkeley wfll sell household furniture at their rooms to-day at It o'clock. On the 21st instant, at 2.45 p.m,, ninety allotments of IHamilton ParkEstate. On Suturday, March 7th, on the ground, ninety nine building sites at Moss Vale HIeights will be offered; and on an early date, by the same auctioneers, nine allotments in Chin. chen.street, Islington; and on April4, sixtytvre allotmentson the ommnonageo. On Ionday nest t rey will sell household furniture on the premises of Mrs. Johnson, Pawson-street. M'r. G. T. Edwards will hold a sale of freehold property in Little Deuison-street, Carrington, to day, at p.m., upon the premises. The property will bo offered oneasy terms. On thursday, tIhe 26th instant, lhe will sell the machinery and black smith plant of lr. John Rees, Darby-street, and on the same date some freeoohold property in Dsrby and Pitt streets. On Saturday, the 28th instant, he will also sell the Star Inn, and a quarter acre of land, Hunter-street West. Os Tuesday next the battery and plant of the United Reefs Gold MIininc Company will be offered for sale at Mr. Edwards' rooms, Wolfe.-treet. At his rooms today, a sale of furniture and clothing will he hold. 