[?] The collapse of the Queensland Shearers' strike is complete. We wish we could say the same of its consequences, but these are only beginning and must continue to be felt with increasing severity for many a day to come. The brunt of the suffering may fall, as it ought to do, on those . who so foolishly fore .id the struggle, and by that we mean, to some extent, both sides. The squat tei-3 in their contemptuous refusal of all terms of possible peacftjol sittleiruMib at the out Set were no more fre-.j from blame thau wore the shearers in the silly and cnl 'pable, not to say criminal, extremities to which they threatened to proceed, and must suffer, though in another way, hardly loss ; but ib is a case of very general loss and suffering all round. The colony suffers in the heavy expendi ture incurred by the Government to keep the paace within ita borders, and in the I033 of confi dence (already made painfully manifest'.) abroad ; its great Btaplo industry suffers in a way that must react, on every other branch of trade and ? industry in the country ; labour generally must suffer in the simultaneous falling-off in employ ment and flooding of its market with imported labour to take the strikers' place 3 and moat of all must trades- unionism suffer, which again ha3 e3Bayed madly to win its battle by force and vio letfce and again has been badly beaten. Against all this, and much cruel personal suffering to the helples3 and innocent, of which it is pitiful to think, there are to be set only such doubtful benefits as the vindication of law and order in a country where it should never have been neces sary, and the lesson of a bitter experience which may or may not be laid to heart. From the fact that there are to be no ' camps' ia this colony, and that the destination or ambition of so many labour leaders just now seems to be, not prison, but Parliament, it may fairly be hoped that here the lesson has not been without effect, and that all danger o£ the Queensland bush-fire spreading to New South Wales may happily be averted. 