TALLANGATTA. TUESDAY, February 17. (FBOM OUB OWN OOBBESPONDENT) The increase of business at the Tallangatta post office has led to the staff being supplemented by the appointment of an operating messenger. The officer appointed here in that capacity is Mr. Lang, from Echuca. The tender of Isaac Brown, of Beechworth, has been accepted for the erection at Newtown, Tallangatta, of offices and dwellinghoute of four rooms for Messrs. Thwaites and Co., auctioneers. Mr. Brown's was the lowest of five tenders sub* mitted, the contract price being £315. Messrs Thwaites and Co., auctioneers, faara changed the day of selling at their Tallangatta. yards from Monday to Saturday. This is in deference to the wishes of their constituents and cattle men generally, who were rather inconvenienced and delayed by the fact of two firms selling on the one day. Messrs. Thwaites and Co. have also determined to in future sell In Carkeek's centrally situated, yards, at the real' of the post office. . At a meeting of tbe Benambra Agricultural and Pastoral Society held at the Tallangatta Hotel on Saturday evening, it was resolved, after a lengthy discussion, that a sale of (show stock should take place at 2 o'clock p.m. on the second day of show. It was. also decided that any exhibit deemed worthy might, with the iron! sent of the exhibitor, be forwarded to the National Agricultural Society for further exhibition, provided no Cost be incurred to the local society in forwarding same. As a result of two concerts in aid of a school library, Mr. J. G. Campbell, head teacher of the Tallangatta state-school, has now got together a very nice collection of bookBforcirculation among the school children. The library comprises upwards of 120 volumes, and the books appear to be very well chosen, including a fair number ot tales of adventure, so dear to the juvenile mind. It la almost needless to remark that the pupils greatly appreciate their school library, which ia evV dently fulfilling the object of its thoughtful in. Etitation, viz., the generation and encouragement of a love for reading. Several changes in the disposition of the district police are announced. Constable Stewart leaves Bethanga shortly for Jamieson : Constable Weathered, of Granya, will take charge of Bethanga ; while the vacancy at Granya will be filled by Constable Waters, sometime stationed at Mitta Mitta, but presently at Nagambie. The changes will take place in a few days. Owing to the resignation of Constable Macdon aid as rain-gauge reader at Tallangatta, the Government Astronomer has appointed Mr G Wilkinson to fill the position from 1st February A bush-fire raged for several days last week In Burrowye district. Mr. Brown, surveyor, and bis staff, on returning to camp on Tuesday night, found that all their tents, bedding, saddles, and most of the prevender had been destroyed by fire. The party had to go on «• short commons for supper, and were obliged to sleep in the open without any bedding to shelter them from the chilly night dews. Fortunately the party a instrument escaped. Mr. Brown computes the damage and IOBS to be not less than KoO, 