Grass Tree Notes. [froh our own correspondent.]. \ Aumist 26. This field ianow looking bettor and more lively than at any period since its discovery and tlie amount of moneys paid away on Satnrday lastjby the Zelma. Company alone must have ' yomcthlit . ^hnSidertfWS: , The Stone now bciig stac20) ^atheyROsl tunnel prospects verjf well, and.omdl'midpt. is. a. foregone conclusion . tha^the mineVwul turn' out a good*pafing concern. ? Dickison's , claim on top of the mountain is also looking well, jsome of the pfospects obtained being , superior to anything oa the mountain, with tne excep tion of,the. . TIC. Further developments in it ond the adjoining mines will no aoubt prove that more payable lodes exist in the mountain than the/one being worked t by ' the Zelma Company) - The Work of- excavating- for -the machinery and the construction of tne dam^js. being pushed on vigorously ; and a start has been made on. a siding round; Mount Mary Anne in connection with the ' tram ; lino' from the tunnel to the machine. .. A blacksmith's shop has been erected on the, machine site, and Mr. * Dickison has nearly /completed ; tbe , building which is is intended as- an office 'and store for the company. ' Mr. Thomas Hebbard. and employees have arrived here from Mac? kay, and have made a start on their contract for making and delivering 25,000 bricks to the order of tbe 'Zelma Company. .They have found a seam of suitable clay in a very- ad vantageous position, being situated about mid way between ''Matthieson's Hotel' and ' the machine site. - r- ; In the way' of buildings,' several private re sidences have been put up lately, and aTilack-. smith s shop is now being erected for Mr. Gv F. Nolan, whore, no doubt, general smithy, work:. -will-- be^ done for -'the public. -A new butcher's shop has been opened : next, to - the Miner's-. Arms Hotel, where I Mr... James. McKenzie intends to cater' for the. wants* of; |the field, he has just ''received a sausage machine from *town and 'will probably 'soon supply us with small goodB. ♦ / .? A house-warming in connecribh Svith the Miner's Arms Hotel^was, given on. Saturday evening.last by Mr. damps ^Carter, and* was 'undoubtedly one of the inost enjoyable . enter- tainments yet given pn'G.rasa Tree; * Dancing was carried on in tbe new'butcher's stop next door,- oqd there being-a good pine -floor/ was thoroughly appreciated -by. the lovers of the' light fantastic. There .were a J few vistors from town ahd aboiit? 90 per cent of our ^ own Population present, and everybody, seemed to o^Rjoying a pleasant evening. : Supper -was serwjRpt ouoat 11p.m. and ample justice was dojj£$£ tke good things provided. The whole affiri^i- reflects the greatest - credit on Mr. Carter and his staff, and. will long be re-' membered as one of the' events of Grass Tree. rT l)?* J| V»Te were very pleased to see that we. are soon to be visited by ,a Government surveyor, as all the allotments in what is coifeidered the business* portion of the field, .are now.'takeh up. New comers seem to dislike -having; to go outside. of'the crowd' iof t£ residence; *btit this is what they are cfempdled to do fdrfjthe future. ? | ' Mr) George Brn- ker haB fepced in His market garden area, and already; started, to plant. He expects to begin ploughing about the latter end of the week and will put: in a: crop' of roaizo and sorghum round the outer portion of-the paddock. ' ; On Mouday'last a sale .of a , residence area was held by Mr. 'Reitly/' tho .District Court' bailiff This ! allotment, which adjoins the thimway, and has a frontage to the inain street, was seized for debt, brought £9 at the sale. It is asserted that the . actual frontage of tho'aUptmCnt is only 6ft. so that if this be* correct the price paid was pretty high, being at the rate of 30s. per foot, of frontage,. X be lieve the purchaser is , Mr; 'Kennedy; storer keeper of' Mackay. ' Some large bush'fires have been raging round the neighborhood during tho past 'month and gri^'is tonseqhehtlyBcafcc. ' Owners of stock nxiuld like to see a little rain, for/as the cold nigbtsore over, the-grass would soon , spring up again. .. ? ' 