WILSOa'S PLAINS. [raoM O?R OWN i DeBe~BPONDEN.] Baehflree havde been all the rage daring the lest week. and a l1rge quantity ot: graes "a= oaneequently been bureed afF-in view of obtainaog better feed for the oomipg suanmer. The neors that the Qaeeneland Pactoral and Acricultural Soaiety has seoceededln onrryiag off the distriot prioe of £100 at the 'Briebane Exhibition, wan reoeled. here ,th general atiefaot!on. Ipowrioh has in th'e pant, neo. oeeded in holdisng the proud positioncof premier distriot in the colony, and this reont eumaese, will enable herto oontione to hold that eavi. able :distinotion. dfy theshonours so abl1 won by gtowo bog continue. . Let her motto he " El6 rLe?6 ,s wilkPe her's in the future, even more t haen been in the pet. h'he Rev. T. Jones, of .the;loagregaatiUal Church, North Iapswih, journeyed hod?aton Wednesday evenirg,_to give the reidents an intellectqal treat by delivering hJs lecture on the "Lifq pod Wor of.Jopn B. ough," tlhe eminent ?t?mperanoe advocate. [he leotor# was given in the Primitivee Methodiat Church on behalf hf the Blue Ribbon Society. Many saidents were, unfortunately,' a·ltsi, attend. ing the Ebhfbitibon in ;be metropole, coanse qouently there was'but a fair attendance. The 'mdGtisig ieee 'rested eerqhy' thh v n ir . C Gi~ison, pastoraf the Congregtbodual Charoib, Rosewood. After prayer had leen engaged in by the ERev.. C. T. Roper, of Flindege, the Obhlrd?na briefl bat- sbl*.ntrodi~bed the lecturer. Mr. Jones has an exoellentl~ distinot and fluent delivery, end, by h'e sfeble matner, 'oon sriooeeded in makicg his audienos feel qoits at home. Quqtof from Longfellow ?dd Shalbe·t~I rgei·tef a prelode totber lptnre, after whlbh: very concise ahd intere'ting aeoount of the, early life of Oongh, . hie *.TidigrationO to America, marriage, the sanshisne and ahodow of his career in that continent, hieosl to the Temperance platform and eooaee attendant, thel eto,' iereeoioellntlyelplotid,' The leotnte was freely studded with amusing sud- inle-eat ing asneodtesoonneotqct~ 'Witlh the ilfeuf the great inan under eleel a abme'of whitifairly caonvulaed the audience with lapaghter. The diseoouree, which occopioed slightly over an hoar in delivery, was listened to by a most ai teatiee 'audibe?d e, oo, by cthieir frequent plandits, showed their apprscition. ef it. :A vote of thanks was, on the motion of Mr, T. Foote, aoorded the' tblturer, chairman, and Rev. Boper. Mr. Jones,. it.isphop?d,4may; favour s with aneother. visit and lenture On some future cooaesion, when lam seare he will be.greeted with a croswded audience. , . 