Hoc a I ait it $e Mral. The plant of the defunct Fremantle Advertiser is in the market. The Central G. M. Company crushed 45 tons of stone and obtained 33oz. 6dwfcs. of gold. The country on the Murchison is very ' dry' and rain is much needed on many ot the Stations. Messes. Stirling Bros. & Co., have declared a dividend equal to 10 per cent, per annum. The death is announced of Mrs. Henry S Spencer, senr., who arrived here in May 1830. The s.s. Bullara sailed from Fremantle on Saturday for the Eastern Colonies with 110 passengers on board. "We understand that Mr. T. F. Quinlan lias . resigned the office of Treasurer which he held in the Licensed Victuallers' Associa tion. It is generally stated that Mr. Clayton T. , itiagon will continue his duties as general . manager of railways until the appoint- menhof his successor. ' The last crushing of 60 tons of stone from the No 1 Central Extended G. M. Com- : pany's claim yielded 93oz. 8dwts. of smelted gold. It; is reported that a splendid supply , of water, supposed to be unfailing, has been discovered atTotagin, on the. road to Southern Cross. It is . currently reported that a company' with a fully subscribed capital, has beep formed to establish a weekly newspaper atRoebourne. 'A number of friends assembled at the Fre-- 'mantle railway station on: Friday evening jto bid bon voyage to Mr. Mrs., and Miss 'Marmion who are on their way to the Eastern Colonies. ;An official inquiry into the circumstances attending the recent fire in Hay-street, iwas opened on Friday last. After an ex amination of the premises the inquiry, was adjourned till to-morrow. On Friday morning the W. A. Fire Insur- : ance Company paid over a cheque of £800 ito the trustees of the Congregational ; Church, being amount of insurance upon the shops which were burned down on i Monday night week. i The manager of the Pioneer , Coy., made | two crushings recently at Parker's Range. The first consisting of 27 tons of stone from Pringle's claim yielded 33oz. 15dwts. the other was a parcel of 15 tons from Merrall's claim and gave 22ioz. On Wednesday of last week a young man named Thackrah, a resident of Nottham, while, engaged at a circular saw had three fingers of the left hand cut off and the thumb so injured that it was deemed ad visable to amputate it. Intending competitors at the Perth Catho lic Young Men's Society's Sports will please notice that all nominations must be in the hands of the Hon. Secretary not later than Friday, 6th inst. Performances for the last two years, and if none for that period for the last three years, must accompany nominations. A man named Abbott, a recent arrival from Adelaide, was found to be suffering from typhoid fever. He was taken to a house in .Bay-street, Fremantle, where lie was attended by Dr. Birmingham. His condition did not improve and he died on Thursday morning .last and was buried in the afternoon. A meeting of the Executive Council was held on Thursday last and the following appointments have been made public: — Mr. Clayton T. Mason, to be Collector of Customs, Mr. Reginald Hare, Resident Magistrate at Roebourne, to be- Auditor General ; Mr. R. Gibbons to be Resident Magistrate at Wyndham, relieving Mr. W. D. Cowan who goes to Roebourne ; Mr. F. D. North to be clerk to the Executive Council. A deputation from the W. A. Temperance Alliance ' waited upon the Premier on Wednesday of last week. They wished the clauses of the liquor law relating to local option to be more clearly defined; that Clubs be licensed in the same way as public houses ; and that the law relating to Sunday trading be more strictly enforc ed. The Premier in reply said if the Alliance would submit in writing the amendments they desired, the Government would consider them. On Friday night the delegates who are to represent us at the Federal Convention started from Perth by special train. The party included Mrs. John Forrest, Mrs. and Miss Marmion, Mr. and Mrs. D. Forrest, and Mr. and Mrs. Sandover. The train consisted of two saloon carriages belonging to the Great Southern Railway and the Governor's carriage. The carriages were so fitted as to afford fair sleeping ac commodation. A great many ladles and gentlemen had assembled on the platform, and, after a warm leave taking, raised a hearty cheer as the train steamed away. An incident which occurred on the occasion of the wreck of the schooner Pearl on our North West coast is worthy of being recorded. A young Malay who with several others had secured a safe position on a large spar, seeing the captain some distance away clinging to the precarious support of a small coop, swam over, persuaded the captain to take hold of his belt, and thus heavily burdened fought his way back to the, spar. Such instances of unselfish heroism shame our ungener ous treatment of " inferior races." How many belonging to nobler the Caucasian type would have run a similar risk to save the life of a coloured man, or even of a white brother ? The Customs receipts for last , month amounted, tor£14, 891.4s. 5d. , Captain Stego, master . of . the barque Atlantic, died at Rockingham, on Sun day.-- : : : The creditors of , Mr. C. A. Paterson have, accepted a proposal made by 'the bankrupt , ! to pay 10s. in the. pound. 0 ; ; - , . On and after to-day the' late. ; trains j between Fremantle and Perth, and Perth and Guildford will be run accordinu to j the ordinary time-table. ! On , Tuesday last, the. day appointed to receive the rents for pastoral leases, the payments made at the Lands Office amounted to £26,000. On Tuesdaymorning a navvy employed on the Midland Railway, at Gingin, was at tempting to board a truck while in motion, when he slipped and fell. The wheels passed over his leg completely severing the foot. The Directors of the Land Corporation of West Australia, Limited, paid an interim dividend of 5s. per share, for the three t months ending Dec. 31, 1890, on January I 17th. This is at the rate of 44 per cent, per annum. , Bushfires are Btill causing considerable loss to the farming portion of our com munity. Quite recently in the Toodyay district Mr. T. Donegan and Mr. E. Gavin suffered severely from this scourge of the summer season. The body of a woman named Mrs. Gardiner was found in the bush near Fre mantle on Tuesday. The remains were in an advanced state of decomposition, but easily identified. At the inquest held on Wednesday an open verdict was returned. It is expected that the delegates will be absent from the colony for six weeks. The duties pertaining to the offices of the Colonial Treasurer and Commissioner of Crown Lands will in the absence of the Premier and Mr. Marmion, be discharged by the Colonial Secretary and the Com missioner of Railways respectively. On Tuesday morning a Chinaman named Li Ki Hong, came to the police station at York, and reported that he had killed three men with a tomahawk, at a place a. few miles out of town called Daliak. The police proceeded to the spot, and found three Chinamen, one named Ah Gin, with the head severed from the body, and the other two alive, but horribly mutilated. The men were all in the- employ of Mr. J. H. Monger. The reason assigned for the- committal of the murderous assaults is a quarrel arising from a gambling dispute. .One peculiar feature of the occurrence is the statement commonly made that three Chinamen aud a white man witnessed the murder without attempting to interfere. We are informed by Mr. Henry J. Saunders the legal manager of Hope's Hill Amal,, company, that by yesterday's mail the mining manager reports the battery has had a run of 140 hours, crushing 70 tons of- stone and yielding 82ozs. lldwts, of re torted gold. The Tangye pump is erected and is working splendidly, giving an ample supply of water. No encrustation now occurs in the boiler, and during the coming fortnight it is hoped the battery will be worked full speed, crushing much more stone and the yield of gold much larger. A mint return just received shows that the first parcel of retorted gold from this mine viz., 20aOzs., realised £81 14s. 5d. or about £4 per ounce. This is highly satisfactory, considering the gold was only retorted. r-HE following report from the mine manager "of Fraser's Company has been handed to ns by Mr. H. J. Saunders, the legal manager: — I am pleased to inform you that during the past fortnight we have had a. run of nine days at the battery, crushing 115 tons of stone, yield ing 1223- ounces smelted gold. There is still considerable delay and difficulty with the salt water used in the boiler, but we shall overcome this on arrival of the condenser, which is shortly expected on the mine. We are opening on a large body of stone in the drive north from Simpson's shaft, and it is from here and Fraser's shaft most of the stone for the battery is being taken. In the drive south in water , shaft the lode looks promising, but it will take several weeks longer to finishing blocking out this ground for stoping. The, general work on the mine proceeds satisfactorily. WILLIAM OATS. Fraser's Gold Mine, February 23. Mrs. Seymour Steuart, wife of the Manager of the Bank of New South Wales, died on Monday night, after a long and painful illness; at the age of sixty-three. The funeral, which took place on Tuesday afternoon, was conducted by Mr. A. Lee. - 