Ltents ::m eiuýf : o OuDRE'Ls.--Wo ouild remind our. readers that, in.order-to allow our staff to enjoy, the,Christnias, and, New . Year's holidaysi ithere, willboinino issue of the "Record" on Tuesday,.the 29th inst., or Tuesday, the 5th January. The "Record" 'will be published as usual on Friday. .1st Jaihiary,ai ~ini weillicontainf ourt weekly supplement." Advertisers will please' note and arrange accordingly. i HoLoiAY PosTAL, ARnAnoEsEcTS.-lThe following irrangerients have been made by the Post-office and Telegraph depart ment for tie' Christiias "and New Year holidays :-On Friday, (to day), postal money, order, and saving bank business will be entirely suspended. No mails will di despatched, nor letters,. &c.;, delivered. In tegraph offices, Sunday arrangements wsill be oberve.. - On Saturday, O2th inst., and Friday, 1st Januiiy, 1892, all post offices will be closed at 10 a.n. The first delivery only by letter carrier will be effected. All country mails will be re ceired and despatched as usual. No money order or saving bank business will be transacted. Telegraph offices, will be open from 8.30. till 10 a.m., and from 6 till 7 p.m. Mails in the morning will be sent from the General Post-office Mel bourne,- and only the mails despatched from suburban offices before noon and in the evening will be sent to Melbourne. On Monday, 21th inst., and Saturday, 2nd January, 1892, all post and telegraph offices will be open to the public and business transacted as usual, with the exception of money order and saving bank business. 'THE SouTH GIPPSLAND ELECTORATE.- For some time past it has been currently rumored that Mr. H. G. Bodman would woo the electors of South Gippaland at the forthcoming general election. Indeed, when Mr. F. C. Mason, M.L.A., was up at Alberton lately, he was reported to have made allusion to the.oppositiou hl was likely to mieet with from that quarter. The "' Gippsland Standard" of Tuesday, however, intimates that it is not Mr. Bodman's intention to contest the seat, the reason for such decision being that the claims of personal matters in regard to his own business in the South would take too much of his time and attention to admit of his paying frequent visits to Melbourne; and he could not couscien. tiously accept the position, as, should he ;e returned, it would be impossible to carry put the duties in a manner satisfac. tory to bhisclf and his constituents. The many friends of Mr. F. C. Mason will read the above with pleasure. AccIDENT.-On TuesdJay morning a lad named Louis Bonnet, son of Mr. Bennett, who resides near the Gas Works, aged 14 years, in the employ of Mr. Keen, while coming back from Mr. Carey's, had the misfortune to break his thigh. The boy was riding over the culvert at Mr. Brooke's when his horse shied at the train, and coming violently in conttact with the fence, its ridersustained the iinjury above meintioned. M. Crowe and others bound up the injured linl,, and on being brou'ght into Traralgon Br. Montuomuery advised his removal to the Sale Hospital, where he was taken by the mid-day train. THE LATE Snow.-Prize takers at the late show of the T:aralg,,i Agricultural Society are reminded that they canl obtatin their prize money by railing on the secre tary, at Mitchell's ~l.te!, ?etwrenu the hours of 2 and 4 up.'a ,u Saturday next tBoxing Day). PARLIaEuTx.-It is announced that Parliament will be prorogued on Tuesday next. . CHOnrsTAs CARDs.-Our staff desires us to acknowledge the receipt of some beauti ful specimens of the printer's art, bearing god ,wishes dnd fraternal greetings from the staff of the "Hamilton Spectator," '"Essenddn Gazette," and the Bairnsdale "Advertiser" and "News." THE COAL COMMISSION.-The final re port of the Coal Mining Commission has been prepared. Among therecommenda tions are the following:-" That the Government offer a bonus of £5000 for the first 100,000 tons of briquettes manu factured in the colony by any one person or company, subject to such conditions as may be imposed. Also a bonus of £1000 to any person or company who shall be the first in the colony to erect a plant which shall, for six months at least, manufacture 1000 tons of briquettes per month." THEMART.-%We are pleased to chronicle the fact that though Messrs. Lawrenson and-Widdis (owing to dissolution of part nership) have determined to close the mart after Wednesday next (the last sale day), arrangements have been come to between a number of business men of the town that a new mart will be opened on Saturday, 9th January. The mart sales will be held in Neville's buildings, lately occupied by Mr. Barden, and will be conducted in the interests of the farmers. We understand Mr. Lawrenson will wield the hiimmer as formerly, which will greatly please his old constituents. SFiRi.-Shortly after eleven o'clock on T~esdayo morning, a fire occurred in a. all builb n used a workshop, by "Medri; .Miner and Woodwa;rd, situated" :on a vacant allotment between the Me chanics' Institute and Mr. Pate's shop. The fire was first seen bursting through the roof, and before the brigade could get the water on, the shed was one mass of flames. ,It only took about ten minutes to demolish the whole structure, and even had'the"brigade been smarter than they were, they could not have saved the building. We believe that about £20 worth of carpenter's tools were destroyed, and it is doubtful if some of them can be replaced. Messrs. Miller and Woodward 'are therefore heavy losers by the fire, the cause of which is shrouded in mystery. A CURIons ACCIDEXT.-The" Mercury" 'is1ipdonsible for the following :-A curi busa-ad zdecidedly unpleasant accident befel'a young lady named Johnson, re siding at the Tyers, on Sunday evening. No doubt life in so onu' of the way a place is dull, especially on Sunday, and Miss Johnson, prior to retiring to rest, yawned so. prodigiously as to dislocate her jaw, which remained fixed. She was brought into'Sale and placed under the care of Dr. Wells, 'who succeeded in reducing the dislocation, but not without trouble, see ing that the young lady had had her mouth open for some five or six hours, aiid the parts had becomeswollen. How ever,,&he.is; all right again, and probably 'will, check any disposition to yawn for some time to come, no matter how weary she may feel. THRAALGON POLICE ConRT. - There were only a few debt cases at the local petty sessions court oli Wednesday, before Dr. Morrison and Mr. Jones, J's.P., which were as under:--Hermann Baker v. W. Aitken, £37 19s Gd, due on dishonored promissory note. Mr..Boyd appeared for the complainant, and an order was made for the amount with £3 2s Gd costs. A. Sweeney v. S. Bachelor, claim for £1 10s, use and occupatioh of a house. Mr. Pace appeared on behalf of Mr.' Harvey for Mrs. Sweeney, and Mr.. Jas. Gray for Bachelor, and the casew as settled in court for 25s and 15s 6d costs. T. Merryweather proceeded against James to recover the sum of £13 duo on a pro missory note, and an order was made for the amount with £1 16s 6d costs. Mr. Gray appeared for complainant. ! SECONDARY InDUSTrIEa.-A point 7on whichwe may. (says our Melbourne cor respondent) fairly congratulate ourselves are taking root. The creameries will work a big revolution, not only because they eiiable the' dairy farmer to.get a good price ftr his butter, but because they render dairy farming a comparatively light undertaking, whereas under the old system the queen of the dairy needed a constitution for which the average woman sighs -in vain. The viticulturists and horticulturists are struggling bravely with a host of difficulties; they are buying their experience,.and .in some cases,the price paid is' a high'ofie, but.they are per severing. One hears a good many unkind things' said concerniig Aisttialfati wine, and the unkind things are not always undeserved. - "They turn out'symup and vinegar,. said a. visitor-from one of the districts id' which" ~ iei" 'making has recently, been .undertaken by a host of amateurs,, but luckily the. syrup, and vinegar makers are progressive mortals, who will use eyes and ears, and will. pro duce sweet wine and dry:wine all in good time.- -'But here again I don't, think we n ed greatly regret that Igooi~d many of our ,.gation vituresa.wre i n hng up, for it is a aiistake to siik millions in experiments.: Five .years hence half a Smillion will produce a' return -which: a millioh would not give to-day,:and which two million would not 'have l ccurc a a lustrunm h?ag.' ... . : ,"" ... : "; SoUTH MELBOaRNE BUILDING SbcIETu. -A meeting of depositors of the South Melbourne Building Society was -held 'on Wednesday night in the local itown-hall, Mr. J. Stead, president of the'society,' occupying the chair.- :Messrs '.W. B. Shaw, H. Dodds, and D. Boyd, who had been appointed at a 'previous meeting to investigate the affairs of the society,' brought up a report, which was to the effect that in consequence of- the defalca tions of M. Larkin, the secretary, there would be nbthing left for theshareholders when its affairs were settled, and that there .might be about 1Ga in the £for. depositors. They recommended that a committee of liquidators should be ap pointed, and expressed the opinion that it would be well to wind up the society as early as was possible. Un the motion of Mr. W. P. Buckhurst, seconded by Dr. Haig, a resolution was passed in favor of winding up the society, and recommend ing the shareholders to appoint Messrs. W. B. Shaw, H. Dodds, D. Boyi and J. Danks as a committee of liquidators. Aiother resolution, requesting Messrs. Shaw, Dodds and Boyd to continue to watch over the interests of the depositors until the shareholdeis appointed liquida tors, was also passed. I VIcroTRIAN YEAR BOOK.--We have re ceived from the Government Statist, Mr. H. H. HaytCr, C.M.G., the first volume of the Victurian Year Book for 1890.91; As usual it contains a vast deal of useful and important information. .After a chapter of introductory remarks dealing with th'e colony of Victoria-its size, growth, &c.-it; goes on to give a detailed account of its constitution and Gorern ment, finance, population; vital statistics and accumulation. This volume also gives the revenue and expenditure for 1889.90 to 1891-2, labour reports, censuis tables, &c.; The population of Victoria is stated to be 1,140,406, being 599,172 males and 541,233 females. The return of population for Traralgon is 4394, of which 2400 are males, and 1988 females. There are 890 inhabited dwellings. SALE WVEEKLY HAL'- OLIDAY.-- We are requested to draw particular attention to an announcement in another columni regarding the Sale weekly half-holiday. The Borough Counlcil lhave passed a Iye law nmakiig it compulsory to close, and this will c,,me into effect on antd after Thurhslity, 14th January, 1892. As many of unir iuulnscriiers do lusines nwith Sale, it will save dtialpointment if they bearin I nind thiat after the date tueuntiulnel every TlhurIsday the shoqm will be clsed l in the ofternooun. ' SALE or BooTas.-On Wfednesday.next, Messrs. Lawrensoti and Widdis (through their auctioneer, Mr. Lawrenson) will sell at the Mart at 2 p.m., one publican's booth and one fruit and refreshment booth in connection with the Trarelgori races, which will be held on the 26th January., Honse STEALING.-At the Sale Police Court on Tuesday, Edward Neil, a resi dent of South Gippsland, 'wsas charged with stealing a bay horse, the property of John Amey, a farmer now living at Mor well, but formerly a resident of the Franklyn River. The evidence showed that Neil had offered the horse for sale in Matlhieson. and Davis' yards,' together with another 'animal. Neither reached the reserve, and were passed in. Amey saw the animal, and swore an information against Neil. Prisoner was committed for trial, bail being fixed in two sureties of £50 each, and accused in £100. LAIEs.--Before purchasing your new season's .Millinery and Dresses, we re. spectively ask you to inspect our new and complete stock, now on view at our show rooms, whore you will find innummerablo varieties and fashions to select from.-J. HALL .AND CO., Universal Providers and, Produce Merchants. Mart sale next Wednesday.at half- past one o'clock. J. Thompson, : the 'econibmical ,under taker, and Cabinet Maker, Seymour-street Traralgon.-AnvT.. Very tilie, all:is not gold that' glitters. The best value in Drapery is to be had at MAXWELO. BRos., Traralgon. --ADv,. :,Intelligenee~ has been received from Chink that a'thousand- Ohristian,--n5lud ing Father-Minu,'have been massacred in Mongolia?..... . ...... Bushfires are reported to have occurred on Tuesday . at Gobrnong, Brooking station," Sutton Grange, Malden, and Tatura. About the middle of October the body of a man was found in the Murray, near Swan Hill. The clothing has now been positively identified as belonging to Power,' the bushranger. A young man named Edward Stephens cut his throat with a razor, near the Korumburra railway station, on Sunday night, and died from the effects. Jealousy seemed to have been the cause. Mr. John Harris, of Shane's-park, near Parramatta, N.S.W., was killed on Tues day morning through being run over by a train while attempting' to cross the rail way line at what is knownt as the Harris siding level- crossing.; Deceased was a bachelor, and said to be worth- over a million of money. . A little fellow named Lucas met with:a severea ccident oil' Monday at' the Coal ville state school picnic, held at West bury, near Moe. Heo vas riding on. thd merry-go-round, which',was rather a :rude structure, when he fell, and was"jammed between a carriage and the root of a tree which was. protruding. His collar-bone was broken, and his head, cheat, and shoulders much bruised. The Mining department has arranged to have tracks cut for the purpose of open ing up the Mount Wills tin field, and also to facilitate mining operations in the vicinity ofMountBaw Baw.' Accordingly the tender of D. Rankin, at £21310s., has been accepted for, cutting a track from Glen Wills to Bright, that of Mr. Prenderigast at £392 to cut one fron Good gurrak to 'Clarkville, and that of J. lt'Donald at £123, to cut a track from Moondarra to Mount Baw Baw. A narrow escape from accident happened to Mr. Wuillamin's family at Briagolong on Monday. He was ready to start to the railway demonstration, and had put his two children in the buggy, -when one of his' men thought he had better change the winkers. The horse was a young, one, and the man foolishly pulled off the winkers whilst the horse was in thebuggy and walked away for another pair. As might have been expected (says ithe "Times") the horse bolted off. through the vine-yard; and then shaped'its course ,hrongh- --'reu fenco down'a hill, break ing the buggy to pieces, but fortunately the children got off without a scratch. A very large and most beautiful col lection of every conceivable novelty in Toys. Games, and goods suitable for Christmas Presents have just been im ported by Craig, Williamson'and Thomas, Melbourne, from Europe, .America and Japan.- One of' the Melbourne papers described C., W. and T.'s warehouse as the "House of Santa Claus."' Three large floors being devoted to the display of Mechanical Toys, Dolls, Go Cars, Rock ing Horses, Japanese Curios, FaisV.ises, Workboxes, Writing Desks, and thousands of other useful and amusing articles. The prices we underitanid ari abuiit hialf'lthe ordinary retail rates.-Anv -.. 