? T he E a s ie r E n cam p m en ts. fpBOM. CUE SPECIAL BKT0BTEE8 1 THE ROSS CAMP,. Good Friday. The annual encampment of tbe infantry division of the TAFnuniao Defence Faroe was opened a t Robs latt night, whpn the , jtuqcestou Riflep and Northern Auxitiaty ! forces marched into Camp at WillinmB. wood, one mile from the township of Robb The site ie th at occupied by tbe troops in 1686, and is on the estate of Mr E. M. Cameron, I t is most bpalthily situated, and Is in a very pretty position. Since the 0tfa lost, a party of 16 men of tbe Ttemantes Permanent Artillery, under Camp Quarter-Master Sergeant Goucher, with M ajir Wallack (Brigade Major and Acting uarter-Master General) at tbe bead of ffairs, have been bnaiir engaged preparng the ground, and the result of toeir ork is highly creditable to all. The ross has been burnt tiff, and by an inenious contrivance nf Sergeant Gouober, he whole of the burnt etuffhae beenolesnly etnoved. Tbe broad arrow and Aldershot vens have been made in a workmanlike ashion, and ate now doing their work factually, Coppers hsvealso been erected, ud a number ot convententiy’sized tanks laced along th e lines, The water supply s excellent. Much pftctioal «kil) in cam- of the tents,'■-whichrform most perfect canvas straetva& d Afford ample room on a^l sides. Sanitary arrangements are good, and due provision has been mode for the disposal of refuse. Hospital aocommodation is provided in three tents, AUd an ample supply of surgical aud medical requisites is in stock. There are iu all about 154 tents on tbe field, of which 147 are of the ordinary regulation bell-sbape.. The sergeants’ mess is most comfortably equipped. Golor.ftergga&t; H. Carter fTasmanisn Rifle Regiment) being a t the bead of affairs, ~ Last evening, at 7, a train consisting of six carriages conveyed tbe Tasmanian Rifle Regitaent and about eight me&-pf tbe' Channel Corps to the field. There was rary little delay in oalromment, owing to the exertions of Captain E T. Watchorn and Sergeant-Major Alderton. Tbe rifles mustered 116 all told, eight of the men having gone up on the previous day to make final arrangements. Tho journey up was done in beautiful moonlight weather, though a t times there was some Trost and fog, the latter operating to-day rather ferionslv on Sergeant-Major Alderton’s voice. On the trip up the men npneared ‘o enjoy themselves, often indulging in snatches of popular songs, bugle cells, etc. At Brighton Station Captain Chamberlain, of tbe Clyde Rifle Clnb, and one man got aboard. From this district, as well as many others, reporta of big bush''fires have come in, and many meti iof-the auxiliaries b&ve; been detained at home owing to this. At ,10.80 a t Porattah the down train with tbe Northern Artillery oh board passed the Eifle’a train, and hearty greetings were exchanged. At 12.45 tbe Robs Station was reached, and the men at once disembarked, were formed into fours, and marched off to the camping ground. Hera they were met by Sergeants Tinker and Goucher, and after a cup of warm coffee end a biscuit tbe men were not slow in turning in, being rather fatigued with their ride. Jit balf-an-hour everybody woe under caova®. and so quietly was tbe work done that tbe majority of thoBu in camp were not cognisant of th e arrival of the new-comers. Tbis year there is a liberal vupply'of splendid blankets of looal manufacture. and all are as snug as could be at nighttim e. The officers who arrived by this train from Hobart were ; Major Reid, Captain "Watchorn, and Adjutant Chambers, Lieutenant Penay, and Sargeon Giblin. Owing to a mistake Lieutenant Reynolds missed the train, but came on by tho 10.80 p m. train, reaching here at about 8 this Xborsing. The comnaissiariat department, of which Captain Kirkland has charge, is in the hands of Messrs West and Chappie, who ere performing their duty in a style th a t fcives every satisfaction. Tbe meals in the officers’ mess are qntto up to the city ateodsrd, being of good quality and well served. The men's rations comprise bread, meat, vegetables, and groceries of excellent description, and are served out in liberal quantities. Enquiry along the lines this morning after breakfast elicited hearty approval of the previsions and tbe arrangements generally. At reveille this morning all bauds turned out in good order, apparently much re freshed after tbeir rest. The keen clear air of the district appeared to have whetted the men’s appetites, judging from the execution they did. From an early hour the cooks and their mates were at work and gave the canvas town quite an ani mated Bupearonce. Tbe Hobart Rifle's red considerably helped to relieve tbe monotony of color ai seen in the dun uniforms of tic auxiliaries and the dove color of (lie Launceston Rifle?. After bicikffist Commandant (Colonel Warner) addressed the officers on tho necessity of strictly maintaining discipline in tbeir respective commands. At 1O.S0 the various C *rp9 were formed up, and |tb e Auxiliaries were exercised in company drill by their officers, while tbe rifle regiments were exercised in the new attack formation. All appeared to take an intelligent interest In their drill. This morning a Launceston cadet was taken to the hospital, suffering with an epileptic fit, hut he toon recovered, and to aee Dr. Giblin’s words, “ discharged himself." The health of the men is firf-t-claee, and their behavior all that cmtd be desired. Dinner was got through, and shortly after 2 o’clock the companies were formed up to go off for some ball practice.. A large tract of grass caught Ste at the rasr o f the hospital tenta, and tbe Auxiliaries were soon bard at work with boughs beating it out. A large number of rabbits and bandicoot; were unearthed, and afforded some ex* citing chases. All cause for alarm from the fite was now removed, and tbe afternoon'a drill was gone on with. Guard mounting is carried on in strict military manner, and the men do their work in a hearty and willing manner. As usual "lights o u t” sounds at 10.30, and the nmp room assumes nn Air of perfect quiet. be white tenta glittering in tbe moonlight make an extremely pretty picture, he only moving objects being tho sombre igures of the great-coated sentrcis with livteniog bayonets. There are three other newspaper representatives in Camp, besides “ Your Own,” and their thanks are largely due to Sergeant Boneber for bis courtesy and kindness. The scribes are quartered in two comfortable bell tents, with plenty of clean straw and blankets. The baud of tbo Launceston Rifles is in Camp, under Bandmaster Harrison, and considerably enliven the proceedings with tbeir fine playiog A number of men from ike Tasmanian Permanent Artillery are also on the ground, and tb tir experience os old soldiers is of gf-eat value to tbe volunteers. Sergeant Major Rafferty is attached to the Auxiliaries, and bus taken much pains in making his men present a creditable figure. Shortly after 1 to-day 13 men from the Channel Corps arrived, they haring been detained through s steamboat mishap. One of tbe men of the RifleB also arrived. To- night seme of the Launceston men go back to town, being finable to absent themselves from tbeir business, b nt It is probable that they will return on Sunday. While the skirmishers were out this morning a fine diamond snake, 4ft long, appeared in close proximity to seme of the men. besgeant Ttokerie sou, who happened to a t hand with a shot gun, and a sura ehot, soon l*id his enaVcsbip low. Several other reptiles were Been, font they escaped The general appearance of tbe men if emart and soldiery, and there is no division of opinion as to the utilityjof the buff dress and brown belts of the Auxiliaries, The following ii the camp strength up to 6 p.m. to -d ayL auncesto n Rifles, 1 field officer (Major Martin), 2 captains (Sadler and Gould), 4 subalterns (Lieutenants Craig, Gould, Chapman, Burrows). 1 quartermaster, 2 warrant officers, 8 staff sergeante, 10 sergeants, 4 buglers, 19 bond, 64 rank and file, total 110. Launceston cadet?—8 sergeants, and 48 rank and file. Tasmanian Rifle Regiment—1 fi**ld officer (Major Reid), 2 captains (Watchorn and Chambers), 2 subalterns (Lieutenants G. $enuy and Reynolds), Surgeon Giblin, ,1 warrant officer, 1 staff Battalion—Major R om. 4 captains Adj te n t Barker, Connell,' Ferguson, Ch&mberlen;). 4 subalterns (Lientenanta Bpn- Rett, RiggaU, W ardls"1, and H arris,1 7 isergeants, 6 buglers, 102, rank and filet total 13fl. Second BsttaJJon — Major Walsb and Captains Brown agd McCall, oeven liemehanla (DJilley, fipicer, Hutchinson, Twyhe\l, fKnlhysiu, Bruce, and Q. Hayes), eight huviero, u(ue sergesute, and 126 rank ana file. The grand total is 667. Assistant Staff-Clerk Miller is In charge ll Ṫo-night a programme is to bq drawn up or to-morrow'# (Saturday) work, and will, t is expeoted, consist ohiefly of Seld attack raotioe, The weather is beautiful, a nice coo) reeze tempering tbe sun's best. 