INTERCOLONIAL. (from ona own coekespondenis.) NEW SOUTH WALES. Stone?, January 5. Whilst the barquo Verulam was being towed out of Newcastle Harbour this afternoon by the tug Gamecook, the point of the tow line slipped from the belts of the barque, and broke both legs of the ohief mate, Mr. C. Campboll, and also the left leg of one of the seamen. The barque then ran aground on Stony Point, but, was eventually got off uninjured. The men were taken to the hospital, where they now lie in a precarious state. The seaman's leg has been amputated, but the mate is too weak to undergo an operation. The Premier has received offloial information of the arrival of the Earl of Jersey, the new Governor, at Albany, by the R.M.S. Carthage, early this morning. His Excellency was anxious to mako the journey from Adelaide to Sydney by rail, but Sir Henry Parkes has inti- mated to him that it would be more suitable to the arrangements made for his reception if he would come by steamer. It has been deoidod that if the Carthago arrives here before noon on the 15th instant the publio reception of the Governor will be held the same afternoon, but if the steamer does not reach the harbour till late in the afternoon the Governor will remain on board till the following day. The weather during the past few days has been most oppressive, and reports from the country districts show that almost abnormal temperatures have been registered. Bush'fires are breaking out again in many quarters. On the Merrinla and Lindary runs, near Cobar, many miles of fencing have been destroyed, and at Bug's Whyalong station, near Temora, the homestead and 3000 acres of grass have been burnt, while the selectors in the district had a narrow escape of losing their crops of wheat, haystaoks, and maohinery. Light showers of rain fell this afternoon, but that has only tended to increase the muggy nature of the atmospheie. A man named Joseph Brackin; formerly a member of the Police Force, committed suicide to-day by hanging himself at his residence at Redfern. ' No trace has yet been discovered of O. W. Bennett, late manager of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, at Paddington, who disappeared on the 28th December, and whose clothes were found on tho cliffs at Bondi on the following day.. The bank has offered a reward of £100'for such information as will lead to his arrest. The total amount of his defalcations is said to be £13,000. VICTORIA. Melbourne, January 5. A man named Dougal M'Dougall was suffo- cated at the Collingwood Gas Works. It is the duty of the gas purifiers to pump out the pipe at the bottom of the well which leads into, the purifying chamber once every twenty-fouj: hours, and to do so they have to descend it. M'Dougall, followed by a fellow-workman named Joseph Bagley, was about to perform the duty, and when he had gone down a few feet, he fell, and appeared to slip. At the same moment Bagley noticed a strong smeH of gas, which nearly overpowered him, and with no little difficulty be managed to reach the surface. Some trouble was experienced in bringing M'Dougall out of the well, but he was then dead. He was 50 years of age, and leaves a grown-up family. " * The Postmaster-General to-day received the following telegram from the South Australian Postmaster-General with reference to the re- duced cable rates. The chairman of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company has telegraphed saying that he will lose no time in wiring out the heads of the draft agreement as soon as it is finally prepared. The full text would, of course, follow by post, but meantime on receipt of the heads we could decide whether the Agents- General should sign, so that the reduced rates might be brought into operation without delay. The official returns of the Customs, with respect to the export of gold and specie during the"year 1890, show that the quantity of poid exported was 128,004oz. 12dwt., and specie £2,219,565. The Premier has received a communication from the Colonial Secretary of Fiji, stating that no step will be taken to have that colony repre sented at the Federation Convention unless under instructions from the Imperial Govern- ment. ' ' A communication from the Premier of Tas- mania has been received by the Premier respecting General Booth's colonisation scheme, Mr. Fysh pointing out that the sohemewas imperfectly known and little understood, and suggesting the desirableness of waiting for the arrival of General Booth's book before discuss- ing the question of a united Australasian protest Such as Mr. Munro proposed. Mr. Fysh points out that we must take into con- sideration the very much higher rate to be paid for passages of emi- grants under the auspices of the Salvation Army for these colonies, as compared with the American British Possessions, or the United States, whioh would naturally tend to direot the course of emigration to the nearer country. ' The Secretary for Agriculture to-day reoeived a cable message from London intimating that the most recent sales of butter shipped by the department realised 90s. to Ills, per cwt. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. I Adelaide January 5. I The Victoria-square railway station on the Glenelg line was this morning the soone of a tragio act of suicide. Rowland Augustus Treadie, a hairdresser, rushed out of his shop in King William-street while the train was just starting, and threw himself under the wheels. The middle part of the train did not pass over him, but pushed him a little distance, then carne to a standstill. The man was taken to his own house, where he shortly afterwards died. The deoeased, who was a young man, held the Royal Society's medal for distinguished bravery in jumping off the Victoria Bridge into the Biver Torrens and rcsouing a man named Charling. The clothes and bathing towels of G. L. Hall, a commercial traveller, and his brother, a well-known solicitor at Adelaide, were found at the end of the Glenelg jettv this morning, pointing to a fatal bathing accident. The body of a well-dressed elderly man, sup posed to be James Murray, formerly a well known tradesman at Port Adelaide, but mole recently a member of the Stock Exchange, was found in the River Torrens this morning. At a meeting of the Central Agricultural Bureau, to-day, the subject of the appointment otan expert or professor of viticulture was again under consideration. The recommendation of the direotor of the Sohool of Agiioulture at Montpelier, in Fiance, in favour of a gentle- man well versed in viticulture, and now residing at Tunis, seemed to meet with considerable approval from the members of the bureau. At a meeting of the Irish National League this evening a motion was passed that while acknowledging Mr. Parnell's great servioes to the oause of Home Rule, the interest of the latter called for his submission to the vote of the majority of the Irish members in favour of his retirement for the present. Canon Whittington has received from the Bishop of Brisbane an offer of the position of organising ohaplain to the diooeso of Brisbane, as one of the Cathedral staff, whioh he has accepted. It has boen one of the prinoipal objeotB of the Bishop of Brisbane in establish- ing the ohaplainoy to have assistance in com- pleting the endowment of the proposed new bishopric of Rockhampton, in Central Queens- land. TASMANIA. Launceston,January 5. John Hayward, a tinsmith, residing at Campbelltown, stabbed his wife in the throat as she was lying asleep earljron Saturda^morn ing.' Her son-,was roused by her scieamsil ana' rescued his mother. Hayward then eut^'his' own throat, and is how dying". He had been' drinking heavily. Mrs. Hayward is recovering. NEW ZEALAND. Auckland, January 5. At the Silvia Park stud Bale the racehorse Nordenfelt was sold for 5G0O guineas io Mr. T. T. May, of Sydney. Mersey, the dara of Car- bine, was sold for 300 guineas, the purchaser being Mr. W. B. Wilson, of Broken Hill. . 