THE HEAT WAVE. DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES. THE intense heat experienced during the latter end of last week, resulted in the outbreak of numerous bushfires. One of the most disastrous of these was one which broke out in the Macarthur district on the Mount Napier Station. Miles of country were swept by the fire, and an enormous amount of damage is said to have been done. Another fire was also reported from Dunmore, whilst the country from Linton towards Mount Mercer, was also swept. A disastrous fire is reported from the Colac district, and on Mr. Andrew Murray's property, Holmchase, several thousand acres of grass and miles of fencing were destroyed. In the Heytes- bury forest heavy fires were burning on Saturday, the most severe being those which visited the parishes of Laang and Nullawarre. Fires were burning on Fri- day along the Port Campbell road. The telegraph service was interfered with, several poles being burnt. The wires were also drawn to the ground by the weight of fallen trees. Altogether the heat wave of last week will be long re- membered for its intensity. The district immediately around Camperdown has furtunately escaped ravages by fire. The Heytesbury forest, which has this season been remarkably exempt from bush fires, was overrun in many parts last week. One of the most severe was that which occurred at the Black Glen, on the property of the late Mr. D. S. Walker. In addition to the loss of grass, &c.;, the stables and out- houses were burnt to the ground. The dwelling house caught fire several times, and was only saved from destruction by the efforts of the man in charge. The fire crossed the Port Campbell road, and spread towards the Gellibrand River. The full account of the damage done did not reach us yesterday, but it is thought that some of the selectors must have suffered considerably. Between Scott's Creek and the Port about three miles of the telegraph line was down, and communi- cation was interrupted, The line re- pairer, Mr. J. Brown, was summoned from Warrnambool, and after work- ing hard he succeeded in restoring communication yesterday. When he went down on Saturday he found the line in a deplorable condition. The wires were red hot, several of the posts were burnt down, and fallen trees were lying across the line. Whilst at work a tree fell, and he experi- enced a very narrow escape. A tree fell close to him, and one of the branches struck him on the shoulder. It is feared that the fires, extending as they did all through the forest country, must have caused heavy loss. Heavy fires were also burning on Saturday and Sunday, in the Carpen- deit district; but these were subdued by the rain which fortunately fell on Sunday evening. Travellers by train report heavy fires in the Colac district. One skirted on Holmchase, the property of Mr. Andrew Murray, and swept over 3000 or 4000 acres of the estate. Several miles of fencing were destroyed, but the losses in stock have not yet been ascertained. WHEN Foote, the comedian, was in the zenith of his fame he forwarded a copy of his farce, "The Minor," to his friend, the Archbishop of Canterbury, asking his Grace to strike out or correct any passage he might deem objectionable. The M.S. was returned untouched, the Archbishop remarking that if he put pen to it Foote would have advertised the play "as corrected and prepared for the stage by his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury." Victoria boasts a wandering actor and manager who outdoes Foote (says Atticus in the Leader). Lying before me is a playbill of his which runs :—"The per formance will consist of the thril ling sensational dram*, in four seta, by tha Rot. O. H. Spurgeoa, now the rage in England, entitled Tha Parson's Oath." O, shades of tha Metropolitan Tabarnaela. in which lastruasa ago I heard the great Baptist preacher liken the pit threttric to that other pit, can theee thing! be t Havo any Baptista of oar bash town ahips, and raiders of Spurgeon"* aarasoot bane teaspted to witneta Tha Paraoa'a Oath I If ao, I ahoold like to have atodiad their faces aa tba drama daralopad. A geaial fellow ia tha showaun referred to, bat tba awUoity which fathara a stay oa thaMrailaat ditiaa of ffmrhnaslataMHaa 