QUEENSLAND. Brisbane, Decembers. A petition has been presented for tbe wind ing-up of the Imperial Deposit Bond Building And Investment Company. Thomas W. Fraser, Under-Sheriff of Queens land, died to-day from influenza. A telegram from .Ingham states that all sugar-mills, except MaoKnadi, have finished crushing after a good season. The total output 'is 10,060'tons. Brisbane, December & ThePremier and Mr. -Cowley (Minister of Sdmds) 'leave on a northern trip on Monday night. Mr. Cowley only goes as far as Goolc tawa. Sir S.' Griffith, proceeds to New Guinea. The Police :Magist rate at Roekhampton re ceived information yesterday that a young man named Quigley, aged twenty-three, living with bis father, the .proprietor of a eteam laundiy, was supposed to be suffering from leprosy. Foprdoetors examined the young fellow, and they state that the case is un doubtedly one of true leprosy. . Brisbane, December 7, . The Colonial Secretary's Department this morning received .a wire from the Roekhnmp ton Police Magistrate .confirming-the account of tbe examination.of- the man Quigley, who is said to be suffering from leprosy. The anneal -meeting of-the Shearers' Union was begun at Blackall this morning. About siity were present. The proceedings are fcept strictly private. Brisbane, December 8. At tbe annual meeting of the Shearers' Union at Blackall to-day Mr. W. Kewley was reappointed Secretary at a salary of £200. The report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. During the past twelve months 2,300 names have been placed on the electoral rolls, this number being a decrease on last year. Five hundred sad eighty-eight mem bers have paid subscriptions for 11192, and £1,811 were received for the Defence Fund. All bills giyeft during tbe strike were paid when due, a levy of £1 per member having been made to merit the same. There was a credit balance of £2,077. A bushfire occurred yesterday on the east of Darr Station, near Longrcaeh. A number of sheep perished in the flames. Three men are ■inspected of having fired the grass. Corporal Charles Hastings, of A Battery Permanent Artillery, committed suicide at Lytton to-day by placing a detonator in bis month and discharging it by means of a fuse. The explosion shattered both his jaws. Brisbane, December 9. Four rabbit districts will be proclaimed under the new Rabbit Boards Act during the first week of January, and Boards will then be elected. The districts will be Warrego, Maranoa, Mushell, and Gregoy North. At the Shearers' Union meeting at Blackall to-day the report of the Adelaide Conference between representatives of the A.S.U. and the Queensland Shearers' Union was considered. After hearing the statement of the delegates it was resolved that the resolutions arrived at at the conference be confirmed. Fifty pounds is to be wired to the members of the Miners' Association on strike at Moonta from the funds of the Union. The meeting expressed sympathy with the Unionist prisoners sent to Queensland gaols, and general satisfaction with the management of the late shearers' strike. 