WATTLES AND WATTLE CULTI VATION. The following paper was read by Me. A. von Doussa. manager of the Echunga Wattle Plantation Company, at the meeting of the Hahndorf Agricultural Bureau on October 17:— From nearly 20 years' close observation and 10 years' practical experience I think I can with confidence speak on a subject which is every day increasing in importance and one which is greatly helping to develop our country and producing interests — namely, the cultiva of the wattle. Mr. J. H. Maiden, curator of the Technological Museum, Sydney, in his book on ' Wattles and Wattle Barks,' states that there are over 300 kinds of wattles f ni--nr'.*na\ in A iic4n**alin cntrtf? 1\q*3 Q.tirl in. different, and that the broad-leaved wattle of South Australia (Acacia pyenantha) is on9 of the richest tanning barks in the world. The . district of Echunga is in the very heart of country producing this wonderful tanning material, and as so many colonists are making and intending to make their livelihood by wattle-growing it is essential that in doing so the very best information on the subject should be obtained. The systematic cultivation of the wattle is only in its infancy and I have no hesitation in saying that nearly the whole of that strip of country (having a width of front 15 to 20 miles) from Rapid Bay to beyond Blumberg will in a very few years be chiefly used for wattle- growing purposes. This is the natural home of the broad leaf wattle, and I maintain that it is useless to attempt to pro fitably grow wattles on ground not naturally suited to them or in any part of the country with a rainfall of less than 22 inches. I do not wish it to be understood that wattles will nob grow and thrive well with a less rainfall, bub quite that amount of moisture is necessary for the successful stripping of the wattle when it has come to maturity. According to Mr. J. E. Brown, our late Conservator of Forests,, there is not the remotest possibility of the market being over-supplied. British and Con tinental tanners are languishing for ample and continuous surrolies. and South Australia exports in such driblets that many of the large firms in Great Britain have given over using: our bark and have fallen back on valonia and other barks more fully and regularly supplied. Reliable leather cannot be produced with an intermittent and inadequate supply of bark on which the tanner relies when laying down his hides ; indeed in large yards, such as tho3e with 50,000 hides always in the pits, it be comes a very serious difficulty attended with anxiety and loss not to be able through want of sufficiency of bark of one class to work them through successfully. It therefore becomes a matter of necessity that the exports pf bark should be abundant and regular to such an extent as tanners may confidently rely upon. The export of bark from South Australia for the last six years amounted to 27,459 tons, representing a value of £286,272; and when it is considered that in that period one-fifth of the quantity exported could be taken by one yard alone it wiU be easily seen that growers need not fear being able to produce more than will supply the demand. Even in Tasmania, which exports nearly three times the quantity of bark per annum that we do, the necessity of cultivating the wattle is receiving the attention of the authorities and Mr. F. Abbot, ths superintendent of the Botanical Gardens an Hobart, says: — 'We have so many -wattles growing naturally that we have no need to cul tivate them, but the destruction is so great that we shall have to do it before long.' Both ia Victoria and New South Wales the cultivation of the wattle is receiving marked attention, as throughout Australia the species oE wattles richest in tannin are becoming seriously diminished, and there is a consensus of opinion. amongst persons interested in the matter that the various Governments should encourage the replanting of them. The subject of wattle growing will bear calm discussion, for we have much to learn in regard to it yet. So far we have had to depend chiefly on estimates (which look very taking on paper) in lieu of statements of results attained. As an example of the estimates on paper which -were given before the Victorian Royal Commission on Vegetable Products, Mr. W. Ferguson, Inspector of State Forests, Victoria, says: — 'I calculate that from the time the seed was sown at the Majorca plantations, Ballarat, in seven years we should get 10 tons of bark to the acre ; that is off trees that were fit for barking at tha time. This would be the first thinning out ; then each succeeding year and for years and years to come we would get the same result.' The soil on which this wonderful result was to be obtained was stated to be so poor that neither grass nor anything else would grow. All you who have had anything to do with growing wattles will be able to form your own opinion of the above statement. They may be able to obtain such results in Victoria, but ia South Australia, even on the very beat aad most suitable land, this would be impossible. The best result I know of is from a 10-acre paddock at Friedrichstadt, near Hahndorf!, which .after it had been cropped for over 20 years was given a spell and in about two years the whole became covered with young wattles, thus showing how long the seed will remain in the ground). These were conserved and in 1L years after the last cropping, the wattles being then 9 years old, the paddock was stripped, yielding 27 tons of bark, for which the owner got over £300. The soil most suitable for tha growth of wattles is of a sandy nature lying upon a clay subsoil or on ironstone gravel ridges, which generally produce the best and thickest bark. Ona frequently notices wattles flourishing naturally on the poorest soil, there fore farmers should not hesitate when they have such land which produces them nothing to put it under wattle cultivation. On the Echunga Wattle Plantation Company's_ pro perty wattles can be seen growing UrKnriantly on land of the poorest description, in fact U- was considered wasting time and labor when this portion of the property was put under cultivation, -but the result so far has proved quite the contrary. Some years ago it was thought that stringybark country waa not adapted for wattle-growing and to a certain extent there was some truth in it, but it was not on account of the nature of the soil but tho frequency of bushfires in this class of country, which almost eradicated the wattles growings thereon. Take the hundred of Kuitpo for instance, nearly half of which is stringybark country and most of which has only coma into the hands of the people since 1884. Previous to this, while Crown lands, bushfires would rage for days and sometimes weeks in this open conntry and there was hardly a part of it which was not burnt at least once in every five years. Since the land has been taken up under miscellaneous leases and fenced those fires have been an exception, each holder of a section or sections using the greatest care to prevent the fires in the summer, and the more the land is cleared and the timber killed the Ies3 fear there will be of fires in time to come. I now know hundreds of acres of this formerly useless stringybark country covered with splendid crops of young wattles, which in time will repay their owners for their outlay_ and trouble. Preparing virgin soil for cultivation is a question on which there are different opinion*, but I think results will prove that the plaa adopted by the Echunga Wattle Plantation Company is the most correct and cheapesb method. Here several experiments liave been tried — ploughing in ridges, putting in seeds with hoes, and scarifying. The scarifying ha* proved the most successful and cheapest plan. The ground proposed to be put under cultiva tion, say a piece of 100 acres, is during th-» summer months cleared, all useless sapliugs and scrub timber are cut down and with tha dead timber and logs lying about the ground are stacked in heaps ready tor burning later on.. All the large trees, reserving the best aud those useful for timber purposes, are killed by ringing. Then in the month of May, when . the tire can be easily controlled t-y three or four men, the whole patch is burnt out and tiit ground will then be found suitable for a s^tump- jumpiug scarifier with a team of six ' good bullocks to go over the whole 10D acre3 ia from 25 to 28 days. The ground in this state forms a protection of no mean value to the young wattles in their early growth, the useful timber trees that are left and the standing dead timber being a great protection against sever** frosts iu the winter and the hot suu in tho summer. One of the most important quastion* to the intending wattle-grower is the procuring; of his .seed. This is a matter which in tiuy* will receive more attention than it does at present, and ju&lly; so, for in order toasdiatths development of wattle cultivation it U ne?e3 sary that the best seed procurable sawito bs obtained. This can be dona only by cortsfuUv collecting seed from thoroughly hoalt::y, well-grown, a«d best ijs.rk-pionining tr*o^ The eeed-cullector w.ll find that by iiuka criniiuately collecting seed in a good ar-&4 a season it will not take him long to proiiura a hundredweight, but lei him carefully swlsoii liis trees a«d he will find that he has dene a 1 good day's work when he has from 10 to 12 1b. c-olleeted. It is a angular fact that the better grown the larger the ?wattle tree is, and the the better the quality of the bark the Ies3 seed will be found on it; whereas very often from the common, useless scrub wattles, with bark wo thicker than brown paper, a large quantity of seed ean be collected. ' An instance of the importance of procuring the proper seed can be seen in the late Dr. Gfithing s plantation near Hahndorf. The worthy doctor was a treat enthusiast in wattle-growing and was the first to cultivate wattles by artificial means in this district. Some 10 or 11 years ago these wattles were planted and should this year produce from 2 to 3 tons of bark to the acre, but the result will be very disappointing and I :im afraid it will take about 10 acres to produce 1 ton of bark. Dr. Getliing purchased tho *red as die best broad leaf wattle from an Adelaide seedsman, but the result lias proved it to be the poorest scrub wattle with. bark no thicker than and as light as parchment. Before putting the seed into the ground it is necessary, on account of the extreme hardness of the outer covering of the seed, to prepare it for quicker germination. This is best done by putting what is required for one day's sowing into a saucepan or boiler with sufficient water to well cover the seed ; it is then placed on not too fierce a fire until it commences to simmer and is kept at that point from three to fiveininates, when it has to be taken off the fire and lef b standing till cool. The seeds are then fit for jwe with a guarantee that nearly every one will grow in a few weeks after being put into the ground. From a series of experiments insti tuted I obtained the following results: — 100 *eeds treated in the above manner were planted and 98 germinated, with only boiling water poured on them 53 germinated, and out of 100 seeds planted without any preparation only IS grew. The seeds were all planted on tlie same day and on one plot of ground. The whole 98 of the prepared seeds that grew appeared before one of the unprepared seeds germinated. The best time for putting the seed in the ground is in the months of .July and August, and when sowing the prepared seed broadcast, previous to running the scarifier over the ground if on virgin soil, or tlie harrows over ploughed or formerly cultivated land, care should be taken not to jnit more than li- 1b. of seed to the acre. Say 4 acres are gone over in a day, the whole should not be sown at one sowing, as on a dry windy day before all the seeds could be covered those assisted in their germination through the boiling process would become useless when tli :i-d up. Wattle-growers will find the prun ing of their trees when four or five years old -jf great advantage, for the tree when pruned (which must not be done too heavily and only tue lower branches should oe cut onj will grow tjuieker, give a clearer stem, hence easier stripping and at less expense, and the bark will be found to be of better quality and thicker growth than on unpruned trees. The best period for pruning is during the months of April and Slay. The stripping season generally commences in October and in wet jvars continues till ApriL Should the season be favorable for late stripping I would recom mend growers not to commence too early, as during the months of September, October, and November the trees grow more than in the remaining nine months of the year, and from an analysis of bark, taken from one tree, made by Mr. J. H. Haycraft, of Ecliunga, the fol lowing results were obtained :— For the six months from May to October (inclusive) the percentage of tannin was from 33 to 36, and from ^November to April 3S to 39, thus showing that out of the season there is a depreciation of tannin in the bark. The exact age at which wattles should be stripped can only be decided by the cultivator's commonsense. Some growers allow their trees to stand until the bark on them becomes quite blade and scaly. This, I think, is very poor policy, as the bark in that state becomes too fibrous and woody and certainly does not contain the same amount of tannin as the smooth-skinned bark from trees aged from seven to ten years. As soon as the tree shows signs of the bark becoming s-caly it should be stripped. The time is not far distant when bark will be judged as criti cally as wool and the price paid for ib will be according to its strength, age, and condition. I am pleased to say that during the last three or four years growers have shown a greater amount of care in harvesting their bark than in former years. This can be easily done by not tying the bark in bundles in its green-state immediately lit is taken off the tree, as was invariably the case, as the bark in that con dition would take from four to six weeks J tc become thoroughly dry, whereas if it is allowed to remain for a day or two in small heaps to partly dry before being tied up it will be found that in 10 or 12 days after stripping the bark will be fit for the market and be in such con dition as no buyer could cavil at. Since the section of Messrs. Borrow & Haycraft'* tannage factories at Echunga and Littlehamp ton wattle-growers have been able to make use til their waste (tops, thinnings, and pruning*) iii a most profitable manner, and those factories have to a t'reat extent caused the cultivation of wattles to be more seriously considered. The tops, &c;, in former years were during or after the stripping collected, put in heaps, and burnt, but. in thickly-wattled eountiy thi-s could not be done without risk, and very often these heaps would remain for years covering large areas in paddocks and preventing the growth of either grass or wattles on those patches. With the advent of those factories growers have now an opportunity when stripping to at once dear the land, the tops being collected in / their green state, tied up in bundles, and -«rted to the factories, when a former nuisance and useless article is turned iuto a profitable commodity, causing a large amount of money to be annually circulated and being a great boon to the working classes. In this natural wattle-bearing area there is room for at least seven or eight factories such as that erected at Echunga, and itjs only a question of time and capital to see them established. As a preven tive and protection against fire in wattle , t-ountry it is necessary to keep the vegetation in check, and to feed off the grass depasturing i* necessary, but on no account should sheep be allowed to graze among wattles, as they eat the young plants, eo do cattle if the paddocks are overstocked, but not to such an extent as sheep. Horses can be safely depastured, as they do not harm them to any extent. In conclusion I would point out that the various district coun cils in the belt of natural wattle country before mentioned ean do a great deal towards increas ing their annual revenue by paying more attention to the wattles growing on their «*erves and roadsides than tiiey do at present, awd as an instance I may state that about four ytais ago the District Council of Eehuuga took the matter in hand with the result that last year the splendid return of £311 9s. 4cL was obtained from wattle bark and tops sold from roads a»d reserves, whereas the rates collested for that year amounted to only £'260 Kfe. Thus for a very trifling outlay the ratepayers reaped this large benefit and one winch for years to come will l-e a large item in the council's balance-sheets. I trust these notes may eon tribute matter worthy of reflection, and I think it is the duty of everyone interested to supply any information that tends to advance an industry which ean be made a most valuable source of revenue both, to individuals ;\nd to the State. ^ ? 