LOCAL NEWS. The excursion train in connection with the State schools' excursion to Faudringhani to morrow will leave Lilydale on the arrival of the Melbourne train, about 8.30 a m. j Excursionists must tike their seats iu the ^ train at least 10 minutes before that time. ! The return journey will be commenced at J O.10 p. m., arriving ab jut 7 5. That fell disea-e—diphtheria—has again made its appearance in the Healesville district. On the 26th of last mouth a fine heilrhy young woman, 16 years of age, a domes'ic servant at "Coouara." died from the disease aft. r an illness of four days, and on the 7th inst. an a-b,,te.i daughter of M r i°nZ months, y 'u died 1 ol the 3 ;game ag<al .disease , .y eara "at d t.tlie 11 U n-si.lence of Mr P. Farrell, Major's Hill, Healesville, where she had been on a visit ! with her adopted mother. J he body nas t*k< n to MeHKJiu-r.e by the first train on j Monday n.orning for lmrial. On Saturilay Messrs R. Hart and Co., acting under ius'ructions from Mr R. T. Kings, will sell by auction at Yarra Glen at 4 p.m., six valuable allotments of land adjoining the raiiway st-ition. 7here are business premises an 1 other buildings erected on the laud, and as the tenns a>e liixirnl a good siale should result. Aifred Dowsett, of Watson's Creek, for merly «f \leIl>ourne, di aper and hotelkeeper, a n insolvent, was examined on Monday in t,,e Insolvent Court, before Judge Worthington, Mr Iiraba.ro appearing for the trustee and Mr M ; Farlane for the insolvent, file examination had reference to the past dealings of the insolvent with his wife and members of his family in respcct to certain hotel business with which they had Ijeen connected. His evidence throughout was very contradictory, and his Honor, at the close of the examination, sent him to prison for ! 24 honrs for Prevarication and evasion. Our Healesville corespondent writes :— " 1 h". weather during the larter part of last week and on Sunday was excessively hot, culminating in extensive bush-fires all round the district, but being on Crown lands th«re has not. so far as I can learn, been any danger caused to private properties, although some of the settlers have felt that they h»ve had very narrow escapes, as for instance on Sunday evening there was a very fierce fire raging in the Maroon dab valley, not far from the residence of Mr Schroeder. The sparks were falling around his place, and the heat and smoke were almost suffocating. Mr and Mrs Schroeder had to be constantly on the alert. Fortunately the Maroondah flows almost at their door, so that plenty of water was available to extinguish the sparks as they fell. A very grand and magnificent view of tii- fires along the course of the Marooudah aqueduct was obtainable on Sunday evening from the hill above Symons street, to which all the townspeople seem to have repaired at the close of the several church 8-rvices. At half-past eight o'clock the whole face of the lull was literally covered, families in groups and lovers in couples all seated or lying on the dry grass. As conversation was mostly carried on in low tones, or as in some instances where there were only a couple sitting together, no conversation at all, or only in low whispers, it was almost dangerous to move about, as owing to the darkness, except in the case of white garments, any person doing so would be in danger of collisions. I noticed some very interesting couples, who for solitude kept to the higher ground wheie there was perhaps a better view of the fires, but 1 have very grave doubts if they saw them. They appeared quite happy without contemplating bush fires. But what is that, I hear some one say—Rain ? VesJ there is another spot, and so it was raining, drop, drop, drop. And what a commotion. The hill, which was covered like an ant hill, was in less than ten seconds after the first warning drop left desolate, every one, young aud old, trying to get home first, and then there was a steadv downpour for half-an-hour, which made everything appear quite fresh apaia." The usual monthly meeting of the Wandin Baud of Hope was held in the Temperance Hall on Monday evening. There was a good attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Green. President of the society. After the meeting had been formally opened by singing and prayer, the chairman delivered an excelleut address. He said that if success was to be gained by the temperance party there must be individual effort. It was not enough for teetotallers to belong to some of the temperance organisations; this wa« quite necessary, but each oue should work and use their influence among the circle of their acquaintances, for in this way much good would be done. The following programme was then rendered in excellent style :—Recitation, " The Prosperity of a Publican," Miss M. Rouget; recitation, " The Amen Corner," Miss Einily Green '• «ong, «• The old Cot iu the Lane," Mr Taffs ' recitation, " The Cold U T ater Cure." Susan 3LH.ttn.gley; recitation, Dora Hunter - recitation, «'Why don't Father come Home," llmK " vr ™ y 5 F ecita tiou, " The Lost cT.fr T £ OS - la y ,le ! dialolgue, "Mr S e K H r«<V' Messrs .Cbire (2)" ^fci' 1 a Bti n l the Baker T» ; g h B,an u Shy Q,U ' I Y IE . aud Bailey This caused much merriment, each of the characters being ably repreUted. M^ Quayle ably presided at the harmonium. Complaints are made with reference to horses and cattle being allowed to roam about the streets at night time, and also of their trespassing within the railway enclosure- In fact, «ie visits from these animals are becoming so frequent in the latter place, that the railway authorities have determined to prosecute, henceforth, the owners of any stock found tliereu>. Oil Sunday next mass will be celebrated at Yarra Glen at 8 a.m. and Healesville at 10 o'clock. To-morrow Mr R. T. Kings, auctioneer, will oiler for sale at the local market yards that piece of land marked allotment 2A consisting of 40 aeries, on which is erected a three-roomed cottage, iu the parish of Wandin Yallock. Full particulars appear in another column, In 1W advertising co^mens the Heales vflle Shire C-oaneil invite tenders for a number of Works throughout the shire, which were sot let at the last meeting. The tenarc tb be sent in before 2 p.m. on WedotzJdjr Lext To-morrow u-ill witness the advent of a new firm of nacti sneers to the township. We allude to ilesgit W. R. Looker jk Sons, anctioue.-iis, of M-l bourue, Ascot Vale and Oaklelgh, who '•rill, at 12 o'clock, offer for sale, at the lilydale Hotel, Crown allotment 9, parish of Naogajia, and Started about 12 mfle< from Senile, due land should cause eon»e spirited bidding, as it is permanently watered by two never failing creeks. .About 30 acres hare been cleared, and a ottage erected. The toil is of the best quality, and an abundance of splendid splitting timber is on the ground. Fall particulars appear in the advertisement in another column. Our Warbnrton correspondent whites :— "Doring the past few days the heat his been intense. Bush fir s are again raging in every direction. The thermometer registered t»0 degrees on Thursday in the shade, and went over that ou Saturday. A slight £hower fell on Smui&y; night. Charles Morr s, who has been groom at the coach stables for some time past, died on Thurs _ • day from Bright's diseaa-.-, after a few days' j illness, aged 78. His last h-.-urs were soothed ami comforted by the curing atwnt.ons of chanUblencghbo^ ne^rand dis-J tant, so that nisht and day he was never left alone. The fuoeral took place on Fti . day. His widow, who is hopelessly ill, was \ removed on Saturday to the Melbourne Hospital." iS. 