[?] Among the passengers from the eastern colonies per 2. M. S. Orizab% which leaves Adelaide for '.Albany this evening, are Mr. T. W*i Owyerand Mr. T. Lonn, who em baxksd at-Sydney. There was a case of kleptomania report ed injthe Victorian newspapers the other day where a respectable man, without any apparent necessity, abstracted several articles from a shop where he dealt. The magistrates, of course dismissed the case at^once. ..Little Flossie, who has a logical iriip^j wAfi reading about this. - Said-she ? ' Po»r Mr. .Blank, I was glad that he got oS, ,b«fc he must tjo and steal something else now, or people will say that he could help.it, and couldn't have had all tbose things that the doctors said he hud.' On Tuesday next (St. Patrick's Day) the Hibernian Society will march in procession through tjbe principal streets of Fremantle, and in the;afternoon sports will be held in theTark. . Frtfm' Melbourne we learn that Mr. Franqs ]?ox, one of the sub-editors of the ' Evening Standard' and sob-editor of the 'SjaprJAng Standard' has been appointed, to ? the ..editorial chair of the latter papery idee M£;!WV'F« ?limonby, resigned. Mr.. Fox has: bfeeh in Melbourne some 12 months, baring joined the' staff of the ''Evening Standard™ ©n his arrival from England. In Press circles at home Mr. Fox was well known, fie was a leading member of the Northern Count^stDifitricf of .the Institute of Jooroaliats -and held' prominent posi tions on several, nf '. the.WiTing provincial dailies^ The new editor^ of .the ' Sporting Stsadaid' Cime to the colony -with a geod record, which has beetrfnlty maintained by his performance oF sub editorial duties on the'well-TiMwsged and' Tsidely-circulated evening ptfpdr on which he has served. As sporting editor of the ' Evening Standard,' and editor of its weekly associate, Mr: Fox hara congenial sphere for- lheJ exennae of hiS~abiHtie*; and his many : friends in Mel bourne will wish him every sucdeW in Jus new f^If . ? — - ? - ^ ^ . . TbJ&scnnualgeheirti; assembly of &m; Order of St. Andrew was opened last etening (says the Melbourne jDailil ^Telegraph of March 3) in the frO-OifV tail, corner of Ensselland Victoria streets: There was a good attendance of delegates, including a representative from Albany (W. A.), white 4 lo^ge-oiE the order' h is been opened ^uring the past year: The Grand Master (BrotaeiJi'B: Wood), in his address, con gratnlatfed the order on the increase in its membership and funds and on the extension effected in Western Australia. Mails for England, India, China, «tc.y for transmission from Albany per B.M.S. Ori»i)B,BiH. be closed at toe General Post office to-morrow morning.- ? When the Bank of France recently oblig ed the old lady of Thre&dnei-dle-street; with a '.littlejuan ' of some three millions, the gold (says a' writer in the. Globe), travelled from the G\»re*dn Nord up at the end of the long, long Bob Lafayette to the Cannon-street station of our South- eastern Bailway. Part was in gold coin, part wav in gold bare. All . was packed ' in strong wooden cases and each weighed abont a nunareo.weigni ana a nau. uareiuuy seal ed and cawfWly-handted, they were cu- ted t^the Gare du Nord, there loaded in loc£o$^np special rans.Bod despatched by the'leveaing train So Bo'ulogue. Trusty couriers from the firm of Eothsehild accom panied them throughout, and kept on the prop^t^ ajsTeepIeaa eje. At Boulogne the cases were cent down tne'shout' to a secure corner on the ctrgo boar, leaving at a dark, dismal hour of the night, and in aUojit.thcee, tto^rslplDey had crossed the gnsjEyi tenipestiiouB Channel,', and were available for' unloading %t Folkestone. There ai dawn they were hauled' np and swung into-p^cial vans reserved by the English company fcr this kind of traffic These are .shallow, dingy little trucks, and they run between London and. ;the port everyday, exciting the mild curiosity orthe uninformed passenger. Only two rets of keys exist of the locks of these miniature vans. One is 'kept by the harbour-master at Folkstone, the other by the responsible officer at Caiimon-stfett. These keys sire guarded with an infinite amount of care, and changed with a frequency fhicii must be irritating to the intending burglar. Arrived at Cannon-street, the vans are opened, a small army of porters assail the cases ; under the superintendence of detec tives and other Argus-eyed gentlemen, they are checked and carted to tiie bank, and there the work of weighing and stor ing is at once commenced.- It may interest those who have never weighed a million of gold to know that (including the packing-) it turns the scales at about 8 tons. The local paper at Geraldton, in the following paragraph, records a fresh dis covery' of gold in that district : — Gold has been found at ML Hill, about six miles from Walkaway, by Mr. duBoulay, who with Mr. B. H. Cowan has pegged oat and registered two protection areas. A little gold, it appears, was found in a piece of sur face iron stone procured from the hill after being treated chemically, and the prospect was thought good enough to war rant further search and the ar.as being taken up. No gold can be seen in the stone, and Mr. duBoulay, while hoping for better things, is afraid that the precious metal will not be found in payable quantit ies in the locality. The English wool market had improved between the close of the November sales and the middle of January. About 1200 bales had changed hands. Stocky in the manufacturing market were light. Trade generally showed signs of improvements, and the approaching auctions were expect ed to be favourable to sellers. Messrs. Jaeomb & Sons reported the gross arrivals to 14th January for the February sales as 243,462 bales. The total import of colonial wool . into the London market during the past year was 1,511,547 bales, as agaiast 1,526,G9S bales in the previous year j the direct shipments from the eolonies to the Continent and U.S.A. having been 254,000 bales in 1890, as against 126,000 bales in 1889. Of the year's imports 256,500 bales were landed in transit to various European manufacturing centres, as against 317,000 bales in 1889. 1,273,672 bales passed the hammer during 1890, in five series of sales —namely : —New South Wales. 309,615 bales i Queensland, 117,505 bales ; Victorian 252,873 bales ;Tasmanian, 25,929 bales;' South Australian; 72,862 balei ; West Aus tralian, 26,676 bales; New Zealand, 279,883 bales ; Cape and Natal, 189,426 bales ; 1,273,672. About 640,000 bales of the above total were this year taken hence for France, Germany, Belgium, TJ.S.A:, Austria, Italy, Switzerland, Uussia, &c.;, in competition with the home trade, which had thus taken less 'than half of the quan tity sold. '? On 'Change this morning Centrals were offered at 25s. and Central Extended at Is. 6d. without buyers. For Frasers 7s. lid. was offered with sellers at 8s. 9d., 9j. 7d. being offered for Fraser South (pro), with ?sellers at 10*. 6d. contributing being wanted at 7s. Cd. ' without sellers. For Hope's Hill (pro) Is. was offered with sellers at Is. 2d. Is. 7d- being offered for contributing, with sellers at 2s. Fjr Cale donian (con.) 9d. was offeree' with ' sellers at lOd. For Exchange (pro) Is. was offered with sellers at 2s. contributing being offered at 9d., with buyers at 8d. For Parker's (con) 4s. 3d. was offered withoHt sellers, promoters -being offered at 10s. without buyers. Another very serious bushfire has occur ed near Geraldton in which the' greatest sufferers were .Messrs. Kemp, Butler, and Devlin — all small farmers at the BootenaL As our readers were recently informed by our Sydney telegrams, the Bev. Dr. Oswald Keating was found guilty at the Central Criminal Court of that city of an attempted criminal assault ou a girl 13 years of age, and was sentenced -to iiye years' imprison-, ment. From' our ' Sydney files we gather that Mr. Justice Windeyer, in summing up, condemned in strong terms the conduct of Mejfas. Willis and Taylor, M.L.A/8, adding that if Taylor's evidence was to be believed Willis had connived at the escape of the prisoner from the colony to be reliev ed from. & threatened lawsuit, and .fining that Keating would neither leave 'th^e col ony nor abandon, the lawsuit Willis Bought to protect himself by exposing the crime. The offence -was committed at Taylor's house. Prior to that lime Keating had been associated , with Willis and Taylor in the conduct of a recently established Sunday paper. And Willis, who is the - actual pro prietor of the print in question, had refused , to pay Keating for Borne articles which he contributed. Taylor, while under crossex amination, admicted'that he was frequently drank for a. week ai & time, and that ic was quite possible he migtit have gone for more than that period withont having washed himstslf. The attempted assanic was com mitted in last Not ember, and though the girl immediately told Mr. ani Mrs. Taylor, of the affair tney concealed the fact for over two months. The jury, in returning a verdict of guilty, added & ridec expressing the highest indignation at this . 'onducL. .Referring to the death of the prisoner. which was also .reported by telegraph, u Sydney exchange says ; — The Eev. Dr. Oswald Keating, who was found guilty ou Tuesday of attempted assault on a little girl and sentenced to five years' iinprison tuent, died in Darlinghursc Gaol to day,, from cerebral apoplexy.. After the sentence had been passed upon him he asked the judge to allow him to have a short inter view with his wife before he went to gaoL The request was granted, and during the interview, when she exhibited some emotion heaaid, ' Becalm, and listen to what 1 have to say.* I may not have an oppor tunity of talking to you again.' From the time he entered the gaol he seemed to be convinced that he would not live long, and. his -last act was to write a loh» letter,1 couched in affectionate terms, to his wife. Shortly after he had' finished this he was seized with a fit, whiitL ended fatally. A post mbrfem examination showed that the] brain was much diseased, and tout the severe mental strain bad probably brought on th' attack. There was no indication of -suicide. The usual weekly meeting of the Excel sior Lodge of Good Templars whs held on Tuesday evening,. in, the .Protestant Hall, Fremaatle. There was a moderate attend ance of members, and three new ones were duly initiated into the Lodge. A good ac count was given of the private practices for the forthcoming public minstrel entertain ment on April 6th. The adjourned .debate on 'Suggestions ror the improvement of the Lodge' formed the concluding part of the evening's business, in which the follow ing member took part: — Messrs. Smith, Henstock, Durrant, fiyouck and Evans. In response to a request for information as to the extent to which tobacco is cultiv ated in Hew South Wales, the secretary of the London Chamber of Commerce has re ceived from the Newcastle (N.S.W.) Cham ber of Commerce the following information, supplied by a representative local manufac turing firia which, will probably be of inter, est to many in this ..colony at the present time: — ' Both the soil and climate nf New South Wales are admirably adapted for the growth of tobacco leaf. Special knowledge, however, is required on the part of the growers, in order that proper cultivation may result, and probably for this reason a larger quantity is not grown. From reli able sta.istic ve ascertain that in the year 18o2- there were only 224 acres under culti ' vation, which ' produced 2.467 cwt. of leaf tobacco, but in the year 18S8 the area had increased to 2,371 acres, yielding 23,463 cwt. ov leaf tobacco. The growth of tobac co leaf teems confined principally to the agricultural dist, icts of Argyle, the Hunter VaU.-5 j and Tumut, a very large quantity bcing.gcon n-in the latter district, chiefly Ly Chinese, who seem to be well skilled in its cultivation and in the preparation of the leaf. IV. may be observed that the quantity of co.lonial-grown leaf used in the colony now au*ounts to about three-fourths of the total consumption.' W-» regret to sinnoun.L'e that His Worship the Major of Fremantle (Mr. E. Solomon) £s. suffering from pleurisy, and nas now bees confined to his house for upwards of a week. The many friends of Mr. Solomon will be please. I to learn that lie is progress ing favorably towards recovery, under the care of Dr. White. . A correspondent at Pinjarrah writes: I regret to have to record the death of Mr. William Pollard, an old settler of Mundup. He was one of the earliest arrivals — a hard- working, honest man — who had to battle with the privations of a new settlement. He resided on the Dandalup for years and afterwards purchased the property where he lived until his death. He leaves a widow and large family to mourn his loss. The funeral took place on Sunday and was attended by a large number of settlers who paid their last tribute of respect. The Fremantle branch of the L. O. L. i will hold their fourth anniversary in the Protestant Hall this evening, when a. social and dance will be held. Bathers will be interested to learn that a I sHark, three feet in' length, was caught be- 1 ween ™» Stanley Brewery and the first spit-post, in Mr.- Jones' fishing net this morning. Referring to the Bunbury-Boyanup rail- way, the Southern, Times, of March 9, has the following :— The railway staff that arrived per Flinders recently under the direction of Mr. Mather, the Locomotive Superintendent, have made very rapid progress with the preparations for the open- ing ceremony, and the line will be in per- fect working order by the 12th inst. Trial trips are occasionally run as far as the ballast pit for the purpose of getting ballast and we understand that the permanent way is in a substantial state of preservation and the oscillation on the line is reduced to a minimum. What promises to be a successful sale of choice buildings lots takes place to- night at the Mechanics' Instit ute, when -Helena Vale, section B, will be offered, commencing at 8 o'clock sharp. These lots are situated at the junction of the Midland and Eastern Kail ways, also the junction of the York, New- j castle, Gingin and Victoria Plains roads, I so that they are bound to increase highly j in value. A splendid recreation ground has been reserved on this property and the, j terms are very liberal, being twenty per cent, deposit, with the balance payable in j three and six months without interest.] \- Last week two shipments of gold coin— I .£20,000 for the National Bank of Austral asia and .£10,000 for the Commercial Bank of Australia. Limited — were passed at the Fremantle Custom-house as having been receivedfrom Melbourne. Tn addition totbis the Albany on her present trip., troth Mel bourne is bringing two boxes of sovereigns, valued a* &1J0Q0. . ?? ? ' The Commercial Bank of Australia has on view to-day a number of bars of .gold from the mines at Southern Cross the total weight being 1450 ounces. The bars vary in weight from 133 ounces to 9 ounces, the largest being from the Fraser mine. This gold will be forwarded to the Bank B head office, Melbourne, by the first direct steamer for transmission to the Melbourne Mint. To-morrow — Thursday, March 12 — has been proclaimed a Bank Holiday at Bun bury- ? At the Perth Police Court this morning Hugh Dow for being disorderly was * fined 10s. or 14 days; John Boyle for bathing in the Swan during prohibited hours was cautioned; Thomas Wiltshire was cau tioned on a charge of vagrancy ; Norah Waylen for using obscene language to Charles Farley was fined 5s., and Annie) Cronin, charged with 'committing wilfuf and corrupt perjury at the inquest ou Sophia Holmes was committed for trial, the evidence against her being identical with that given at the inquest. . The Government have decided to call for tenders from the different mining com panies for the sinking of a shaft 500 feet deep on their lode. It is considered that this is a fairer way of attaining the end in view than selecting one company and giv ing them a bonus for sinking their shaft. . Ths Hon. J. H: Howe will mot return to Perth, he having, on arrival at York from - the Eastern goldfields, gone straight through to Albany to catch tbe P. & O. boat. ????;?. It will be'gcatifying to the members of the Australian Mutual Provident . Society to learn that advice has been received that the new business transacted last year is in excess of that written the previous year, and in fact exceeds the total amount written, by the Society in any single year with one ex ception. ? . -.. At the Fremantle Police-court this morn ing, before Messrs. Fairbairn, B.M.,andE. Gibbons, J.P., Charles Peterson, for drunk enness and disorderly conduct, was fined 50s. or, in default, one month's imprisonment. 