·iii i-ii'i ON 'Tucsdays aid 'ridays FRIDAY ,D)ECEMIBER i1r, t.1891. 'ITH? present session qf.Parliament • is rapidly' drawing tio a:close. Several "months ago ?iewient '".isfir. in our re irmars :concerning ppltics as:: to very .nearly.jpredict that, when the Gov" erni?niet retired ftoi'i ffice; it iouiild do so: with very little-credit. Butt we are now glad'to be abledfo:',assert that all -our" expectations have been ,dopmed to' disappointment and. that :the Ministry has since that titie'accompishillied some first class work, notably that which it h'is doiie in reg3rd:tothe Local.Gov eminent,. the 'ni lway: Management; atd the Railvay''Coitriuctiin' Bills-2 measuires of. the utmost local and Inational : concei. uSome very, good work has also.been -performed by" the Raihts'ays Standing Cominittee, inris much as through the scrutiny. and in. vestigations thereof,s'everal'abuses have been discovere? in?hd -'pesed.' "-More over, it has been shown, that the claims. put forth in inpny) .casesifor. .te .con struction of ibraic; n tlihes" throughoutt the colony vief6 fsed [upon fallacy and h iolshdtead tl .ly :;'' -systeiss atic advocacy: ''Ho far this assertion applies to thei etmstrictr of IBenall' and to' the :tiliayl,:qeagues '-h'ichlit lately e.erciseil thei'dniri rgies th ein, need not be stated.here. But it, isd certain that our claims .-thiit is in an ?mimi?di ataly local sense- were not considered sufficiently good to jutify. the Railways Standing Committee in making: a- re ;conimendation to.Parl'miment that' they be recognised. At the same time; t is ts gratifying to be able.t. .assert that.l our. ndighibbrs iatGlenrowan r have not -ben t left out iii the cold,: n'd tlfhat as their ti interests are part!y, if not wholly, identi cal with those of this comrmunity, the b people :ofBenalla will indirdctly bene fit by their good luck. ' It is likewise f pleasing to us to be in a, position to a stitie to-day that the line from Hedi to d Glenrowan is likely toi be unldertaken or exectctpn' pt iit early date . That li idi is" bo: " ib? ut by the ." Age" of y€yesterday ivhich states - "The Ministir of Railwsays aiinounicqd in the Icgislativ ":Assembly yesterday tat ithe Government intendi d fringihg do;in iesolutions next::'eek .ddclaring that it is expedient to construct certmin lines, of arai'iway. Inquiries._ into the mahtter elicit the fact -thbit the Govern ment; hasnot yet finally decided the amount of the expenditure to which it would be justified uinder the existing .circumistances in comn itting the con try, liutit is lreit? well iunderstood that a inajority of the Cabinet is'in favor of unidertakingnew lines.- of railway in volving a cost of' not morei . than £r;ooo,ooo1 It is explained that; if a rail? y constructiomtibill ispassed mthis session 'ontamnn! b es that ,il cost Sthait 'iounit of mnon) to construct, "it does? not:?:;ecessnrily..follow\i that' the nlisoney will be reqluired it'an enibarass-' inigly"r-a rfy period If a'itere probhiel that it.wouldibe:in immediate .demand, it ivjuld b6,suseless to ;pasii-the' bill) bectuse there- isn'so money" 'il,'iible, but it is pl dilitd-.outs that ;tli9? greater .pbotibi of xt,~ yeart':d ould ?e absorbhed in malking a 'detailed -survey of the different lines, taking out the ekact' quantities, and preparing plans and spcifa~icatir:o, and.tliat .by tthe time tendersiare 'called for .and 'the works sufficienitly advanced to 'warrant the contractors sending in claimis for prc gress paymenls, the Government will be in a position to float a loan 'ind meet its erigagements'. Everything, how; ever, will depend upon the decision of the Government next Monday as to the extent,of Zbe .railway • construction to le ,undertaken:". Our contemporary then goes on to say that, if one million pounds'is the outside limit, the lines that are to be recommended for con struction number six altogether, Glen rowan to Hedi being set down amongst them at an estimated cost of £83,000. As there is, amid always has been, a com inunity of interest hbetween B?enalla and Glenrowan, we think we are safe in say ing that the people here, now-that Glen. rowan has ivon the day: in the battle of? the leagues, will,b e only too glid to do 'ill they can to strengthen their, present relatitonlsh ip, for 'as -their interests are identical-from 'a imunicipal p·oint' of vie'i at l?cast- they,.cannot :fairly be" exuccted to do nnything in'the way of fostering. exclusive- e individualism or' to set up a~:hausterity 'wh teser in their future attitude towards one another. ;Each.cai;,. hpis}ver,'hold :its "wn jh iut let/their i'notto. be,' ull, pull,p togetlief b,.o ; ipull, pull 'aivay." "Coun:;illor~ ? our .letter is to handilit will see the light-oin Tueaday. Short of spnac: toJday, else .it would, be published in thiis issuer.": Good ifter boon.' SThe' ne;s year is. approaching. frst, and ealreidy amusements for the gay and festive season are attractinig 'at?it~ tion. One of the first is anentertainment :on, behalf'of the ifunds of the Bennlla: 'Orcl estml String Bianid, to-be held'in ,the, shire-hall;:on New .Year's night. 'The band, which hias been .in-exist.: ence~a short time, has, on ltwo recent occasions, performed creditably, and requires only thi support of the public to ensure it being a'l)ernmaient intitu-' tion in the town:.- Tlhere is a good deal' of e.'penss' attached ;to the purclhascof music, etc., so that we-hope- to see a good hodse on the occasiont A dance will he held after the.concert ' :,A report from.,Je'ilderie gives, piii culars of a very destructive bush .fire .which :broke out last week on the Coree station, the, "property . of ' Samuel M'.Csughey. The- fire: startedt at, the westernehd and, owing ton high wind, ias ' carried sith marvellous rapidity throughout the' greater iportion of-'the run. The selectors and stiation hands tiirned out in. large tinimbers, but: the effort to stay '.thea progress ;of'.the' fire swere only partly suiccessful,;and 4o;ooo acres were' burnt."Besides: the loss' sustained ,through:: thedestruction':-of grass,:Mr M'Cafughey has 'lost".inilcs. of fencing and some .slieep-.that' could nobtb renibvcd: The fire twias corm mencing on the:, Wuniun;rr:a ,statiort v'whichad ourns, I?nisiig, to, lie prompt. aitiohli?:f thd}'st?tion . n thands; itvas checed soon hiftrcrossing tlie bouhdb - cry aidd ev'entually bhuirii d itself' out: Bush.fires inl ,CQnlrml Risrioa.s are niow of. frequnt rioccurrence; anid despiitc the late. rainst ihe 9ountry is very tr)y, :Only one case came.on for, hearing at the Benhlla Coudr'tof Petty Sessioiis, on 'i'iesdlay last,,. John p1lummer;ap-, plied for a garnishe, order on the Rail way aommissioners to recoverhe s'?sum t of , i 7s iod-? 'debt osiniig boone J; Cain. ',The order was m'de iabsolute;' 'iiiht s'si 6dcosts. .. -, :: ''At a meeting of the Farmers' Union, at ? iralg'on, tl.he question "of the management of the railways wsns intro. dted'd niid opinions expressed hostile I to Mr Speight. .Mention was made of t tlie" 'thousands of pouids .squandered l1 in tideless coolchambers and refrigerat ing cars, which might have been put to f better use to benefit the faritiers. If I Mr Speight's services were dispensed I with they need not go outside Victoria fora success?r.:- .Theyshould make' it a' test point at the next" -election'"'A A discussion took place as to whether it qI was ivithin their functions to exflreas nii t) opinion, and eventually they decided i by' one 'vote to postpone the qu(istioii We ?fe informed, on" undoubted iAu* :hority,,that, Ml .Afeiklejohin, of Hill Plain, is to lo a tcandidate for Benalla and Yartawonga at next general election: .. ; .. The policy. of boycott formulated Iby barristers to deifeat the-aot amalamnating tho two hbranClies of the legal pirofessiun; wais ieferred to a'd dol eprecintirl;ini'tle Legislative Assemnbly on':Tuesday] by: Mr Shiels.. The' Attorney-General admlitted that he Iadino oflicial know ledge of .t society 'bing foimned Iby ,barristers for such ai purpose, and thlit he knew nothing about the matter but wlhst was to begleamied from tha? newr palp rs The T.ari,.ho'wever,: Ihd ;take;. ta equrse to.be deplored, aid-which .was wholly indefensible. He' hoped. the` matter had: not goneltoo ifar :to. leave rooin for4witflidrawval '. froni!:the. legal attitade which.the I.ar- hnad'.taken up towards the Legal,.Prtfessions, Areal 'gaiimating,. Act. 'The.i House cheered these remnarksi,-and ttl he.labor re-; pre"entativrs .,becnam, quite. jubilant 'over a suggestion which. Mr : ' Mum ray thirew onutto put 'downi the revolt of. bi rristicrs:by calling out "the militia. i SBy" iau advertisement which appears. in another colun'in:it willebo seen, lthat. uider tihe provisionstof "', The Special Sales of -Lanid Actof. 1891," couiitry: -Liands, in: tle colop~y ~f rQueoiish?didl distant tiie' less ,laiit twventy mstiles .frotn it havigable ri;er or front a rail way or from thel srveyed.. line of ia railwa?y for the construction off a which imoney has been raised by loan, may be otflried for sale by auction, in portions not exceedinu 5,120 acrbs. The upset price wilt in no case 'lio less than .10s per acme;.'' The tiiiefor payment may Ih dxterndid to a' ieriod not exceeding 3 ?ivers, instalments: pa3able later than six months from tlIe date of sile. heai fng iiiteriFst at?5' prcentper annum Persons desirous of having Crown' linds oloered at auction are invited .to apply to the Under Srcrtary for Public Land:, Brisbate, omr any Crowni landmlsCn C missione rs. r Tho Premier has forward( d a recoin inetiedationo to-the. Newi South VWales Government' intiniating~that the Vic. to ion Government is prepared to bear thi cost .of. cinstiucting a red gum bridge ove'r thi.Miiiiay at Cobrain, at a cost of ;£i7500, ii addition to the bridge the two colonies: have already agreed to erect at. Tocumiwal. The Tocuna:altabridge is to consist of four cylinder?s tilled witlh concrete; and is estimatedf to cost £11,500. Oin tlm 29th of October ltt a cnase- (Gibson , Japeirson a clhaim for £27 7s Gil- ~;ias beiaid befoire Messrs Shor' tell and'Ginnivan; 3 Ps., at thde Be nalla Court of Petty,:Sesssions, but 'the suite was dinmisaed.l M Trenery Ilroini, \tho n oied for the compllil ut, itookt. he matter ,to the Supreme Court and .btineaiiii ati odide'' ii .sito review thed. lecision o) J: lie -,round;itiat the !ijustices haitl:d no .jurisdnetiotli to heal 'theojeise, andi that' their tiirting `wisi contrary:: to Ithi: evidence. IOn ?Momiday la]nst tin h Stipeio Court:dis missed the aipplicatiomm to nmake the mder' n?i: absolutoiannd thus upheld the .'decision of oiurlocal imigistrates. Mlrm Pyne acted for the, defendiant;t:;: . The railway tratilic returns fori -the week ending 3rd Deceninter show' the averhgo reci"pts are stillt about £3000 jelhiid thei weekly.,avorage for the aline period in 18900 Tie actual money . taken was,n'e however,:. nearly £250 more thou in thie ?orrespondiug week of last rearn. " .:Tlio position' of M11r Kinsmi, the apostle. of cheap and easily obtainedl mattrimony,- "is: to be - discussed iili'the Legislative Asse mbly this aifter riabi lit thellinstaniice f Mr L: L. Smith, who :Ihisi fiamined a series of qjuestionsifor thio"Attbrdiiey General to answer. ..According to these interro ato'liest it is alleged itat the hiand'r of tho VNictorih?n Free Church .has iu tholrised or licensed three persons to p'erform miiarriiige . cereinionies. This trio is saaid to consist of a medical studeiit, a bush li? issionaii y: and a re. porter. 'e ncemobler for Morni.ngton'e s quesitiolos also include ethe following quceries :-Is AMr K'ilnsiiimn an auc. tiboneir, registereid ri "nisiister for the Victorian ?trea:shOlitirclh i it so is it le'gl for Itim''ts si'gn: the uns: iin ga ce??tificatte as iiiriister for the Vie. toriani :-F' ce "Chui'ch "'of Englaild only? Is it 'tru' :thlat the whole averign' collections of thie Victorian Free Church am?unt?tto only 8s weekly and its congregatiosso °0? Is it true. that hllehas .per forimed " ii - marria ge ceremniiy upoi "overu r 000 couples I Has Mr 1Kinsnianis tlhe legal power tor licensIe a numlber oflpprsinn to perforomi thile niarrige ceremony, ovr thshe whole coloriy. 