A GOLD-MliCKR'S STORY. In a large minihg town in the far west there lives George Bandolf, a mining king, who by nature is as stern and ; arbitrary as men 'are apt to be wben they acquire sudden 'riches. In addi tion to bis gold, he possessed a rare treasure iu the person of his daughter Bessie, as sweet a seventeen-years-old maiden as ever lived. Pretty Bessie did not lack for lovers, and, quite as naturally, tbe favoured one was the very one that her father objected to. Clyde Brown was frank-spoken, with an honest manly face, a true, loving heart, and nothing else. ' Why, Elizhbeth ' ; — her father always called her that when dis pleased — ' how can you forget tbat we are descended from tbe Bandolfs of Virginia ? Just a little longer, daughter — a year or two at moBt — and we shall go east, and live as other people do. Then my jewel may find a worthy setting.' ' I waiit no one but Clyde, papa,' protested Bessie, tearfully. But tears made no impression upon tbe hard heart of George Bandolf. However, he condescended to give a conditional consent to their nnion — such au absurd condition tbat people laughed, and shook their heads, and Bessie's merry face grew grave. ' When you cau show tho posses sion of 100,000 dol. you can have her,' be said, grimly, in answer to Clyde Brown's manly petition. 'Until then I'M bear no more about it.' 'You can never do it,' sobbed Bessie when they stood alone in the mooniigut uy tue roaa a iew moments later, while her father watched an grily from tbe window. 'Fortunes are wonderfully made in tbeee mines sometimes, but none will fall to us.' ' Don't be discouraged, my preciouB Queen Bess,' Clyde returned, with all a lover's unreasoning fondueBS. 'Only trust in me through all, and wait for me, no matter what may happen. Will you promise me that ?' 'Indeed I will, dearest I You knew that 1 would before yon asked,' she murmured. ' But do not try me too much, for father is as hard as a rock.' ' I mast go away for awhile, my darling. Somewhere in yonder end less chain of mountains a fortune is waitiag for me. I know it is as well as if it were already in my grasp,' he answered in solemn earnestness. ' God grant that it may be so,' she added. And then Bhe walked slowly to tbe house, to her father's great relief. The next morning Clyde left the town, fully equipped for a prospecting tour, and quite alone except the three large dogs which followed sedately at his heels. For some time the prize which he sought eluded him, but it came at last in a strange manner. One day, after following the course of a noisy, shallow stream iuto a narrow valley, hemmed in by lofty mountains, he camped at the foot of a gigantic tree near tbe water. The doge whined uneasily, and sniffed at a bole among tbe roots of the tree ; but he called them away, and went on building a fire to cook supper from the loose wood aud branches around. ' Now that the fire is ready,' he mused aloud, ' I wonder if I'll find any game hereabout.' As if in answer, a half-grown deer came down to the stream on tbe oppo site bank, not many rods away. It stopped, with one foot upraised, and looked at the dogs with startled eyes ; bnt the next instant the report of Clyde's rifle rang ont, the deer leaped into air, sprang forward and fell into the stream, from which it was soon dragged by the doge. But the echoes made by the report bad not died out along the hills before another sound aroused them again. It was the scream of an angry panther from tbe mountain behind, him, and it was instantly answered by another on the right, and yet another, far down in the valley, on tbe left. Clyde heaped tbe dry limbs upon fire, and the dogs, usually as brave as lions, whined piteously as they skulked close to. bis feet. He waited with breathless anxiety for several minutes, but oould hear nothing except the crackling of tbe fire, which now threw a wide circle of light, and a night wind among the trees. Soon, following a magnetism which be could not account for, he fixed his gaze upon a tall tree near the base of of the mountain and encountered the glare of two fierce yellow eyes. A panther was orouehing there up on a long limb, every nerve of hie body in motion as he prepared for the fatal spring. To aim hastily and fire at him was tbe impulse of a second, and the tawny brute sprang outward with a snarl of rage and pain, and fell squarely into the fire. There was an nneartlily shriek, a smell -of burning bair, a shower of eoal and burning wood ; then tbe brute stood wounded and blinded near tbe tree. ''At fain boys! at him 1' cried Clyde. ' And tbe dogs closed on him, but, wounded as he was, he was more than a match for them. He killed one, and sent the others bowling to a safe distance before their master conld surely aim the second ; bullet, which quieted him. He was not an instant too soon, however, for there came another ter rifio scream, this time from tbe tree directly over his bead. ' I'm ready for yon now 1' he cried coolly, sighting another panther' directly between the scintillating eyes, He fired, and sprang aside, while the animal, struck the earth with a heavy thud, clawed tbe earth and air convulsively for a few seconds, and then lay quite still. ' This , is getting interesting,' mattered Clyde, 'grimly eyeing the twobage, tawny bodies, the dead dog, and the skulking living ones, while 'he threw' fresh wood npqh the scattered fire, and peered in every direction. - i. So turned sharply to see the heads fftwo panther-cub# thrust oat of ihe hole near tree, their ears laid close to their .round heads, and their eyes sweeping the scene in fieroe inquiry. ' Ha, ha 1 A regular family party I've stumbled on,' langhed Clyde, ' S-8-b 1 Seek 'em, boys.' And the dogs pulled one kitten out to bis death, while the other scrambled back into tbe hole. Suddenly there was a slight noise in the edge of tbe forest, and two half- grown panthers oame cautiously iBto the oircle of light, sniffing the air uneasily, and evidently afraid of a trap. The smell of tbe scorched bur and the blinding glare of the fire puzzled tliem. But Clyde did not wait for them to beoome satisfied of the safety of an attack. He fired two pilots in quick succession, killing one animal and badly wounding the other, which tbe dogs attacked at once. When tbe sharp short fight was over one dog limped back to receive the praise of his master, while the other lay dead beside its dead foe. ' You and I are alone now, Brave, my boy,' said his master, patting the dog's head. ' Well, when daylight comes we'll seek after tbat little varmint in tbe hole.' The night passed without further molestation ; but Clyde kept the fire burning brtghtly, while he buBied himself in skinning three of the panthers, tbe one whioh had sprung into tbe fire being worthless. Tnrft (DA«a mnnofvAiia hviifflB TTIqIo and female, evidently the parents of the smaller pair, as well as of the kittens. After a generous breakfast of roasted venison he enlarged the hole, with his pick and shovel, and, after examining his revolvers, crept in cautiously with a lighted torch, while the dog remained outside protesting against such foolhardy conduot by dismal yelps aud whines. The captivity under tbe spreading roots was deserted, but a larger open ing led into the rocky mountain side, and through tbis tbe astonished young man crept, to find himself in a natural oavern. He soon discovered and killed the kitten, but could find no signs of any more. The floor of the oave was covered with bones, and a neatly-made nest of sticks and leaves was in one corner. But Clyde did not notice these ; he was examining the rocky Bides, which were of a peculiar veined greyish stone. There was a smile of satisfaction on bis face when he had finished this ex amination, and when he crept forth into daylight again he muttered, tweaking Brave's ears nntil the dog yelped in pain and wonder : ' Queen Bess is mine, Brave. There's gold enough there to satisfy even George Bandolf, I should say, and I claim it as tbe panther's be quest.' George Bandolf could say no more, although he insisted on visiting the panther's den to Bee himself. ' Some folks are lucky,' he ad mitted, reluctantly. ' If tbat mine is worth 100,000 dol. you can have her, for a Bandolf never goes back on his word.' That was only a year ago, and the mine has already netted its owner over 500,000 dol. 1 But he regards as a dearer prize the loving wife who rules his heart and home — his Queen BesB. — Saturday Night. Wheat- Seed. — Experiments re cently made in England appear to show the advantage gained by the use of the larger grains of wheat for seed. Seed-wheat, fully matured, _ was selected out of one bin, and by sifting, two lots of seed were taken, one ex tremely large, the other small. The large weighed 68*9 pound per bushel, the Bmall only 40-5 pound, a differ ence of more than 50 per cent. Each lot of seed was divided into four sepa rate parcels, and four separate sowings were made. The land waB good wheat land, bnt not specially manured. The large seed sprouted the quickest, made the best growth, was taller, and on the average made ten bushels per acre more than the small seed. The ad vantages from tbe large seed were greater rapidity of growth and deve lopment of crop early iu tbe season, greater yield of grain and straw, better weight and better quality of grain for milling. A sieve tbat will allow the smaller kernels to go through along with the seeds of weeds will very speedily pay for tbe time and labour required to separate and save tbe large grain for seeding purposes. In other words, good, plump, well-cleaned seed wheat is best for sowing. It ahonld also be of a good variety. — Exchange. From Chicago we learn that Chief Buchanan of tbe World's Columbian F.-rnnfiitinn Tiiva-Stneb Dflnartmant has sent out about 8000 oopies of the' live-stock premium list to, the various fairs and 'breeders' associations of tbe country, and is reoeiving responses', which show, that, the live-etock ehow ' atthe Exposition will -be s'oihething tremendous. Besides the large pre miums offered by the exposition for a live- stock - exhibit, all the various breeders' aBBDciations are offering large prizeB, notably for shorthorns, Herefords, and Jerseys. As an evi dence of the widespread interestta'ken in the live-stock show, A.,;E. Mansell-of Shropshire, England, offers a prize of BOO dol. for the %sst Amerioap-bred ? Shropshire ram. The State :ofXUinois: offers 40,000 dol. in premiums for live stock; the Clydesdale hone-breeders offer 5000 dol. extra prizes, tbe cattle associations offer extra- prizes as follows: — Galloway, 8000 dol.; abort horn, 6000 dol.; Hereford* 5000 dol.; Jersey, 10,000 dol. ; and Holstein, 10,000 dol. The swine, sheep, and dog breeders also offer extra money prizes. The money prizeBtoWpaid for live-stock will amount to 250,000 dol. or more, which of course, includes the sum of 160,000 dot voted 'by the exposition cotnpany'-'fo'r premiums in tbat depaptment. The exposition buildings for the accommodation of live-stock will cover thirty acres. The ntats ot (be late Mr. Dd»id Beriy, ol Oool»og«tta, wae proved at £1,289,195. Mr. Bee uwwning a question from Mr. 0'{talli»n in tbe Assembly, laid, tbe .amount of probate 4nty paid by the trustees under tbs will IU «6t,45® Ma ? '? .?* ,v' ' Asiebican ' Tin fbom Wales. — Bellaire (U.S.), September 10, 1891. —Nearly every republican in Ohio is wearing a lapel-button bearing an im print' of William MoKinley junior; and under it the legend ' American tin.' Thesb buttons are furnished by the secretaries of republican ' clubs throughout the state, and; John W. Crooks of Martin's Ferry, a notion dealer, has the contract for supplying the state. Mr. Crooks is a member of the executive board of the state re publican clubs. TheBe buttons are proudly shown by tbeir wearers as examples of what Ma Einley's protec tion to American industries can do in a short time, and are a souroe of great pleasure to Ohio republicans. A clerk employed by Mr. Crooks gave the snap away yesterday, and the Mo Kiniey tin-plate lapel-button will likely be a source of sorrow rather than, joy to the Ohio republicans. The buttons came to Mr. Crooks in one original packages, ana ujobb pack ages were put op and tbeir contents made iu Swansea, Wales. There is not a partiole of American tin about them. They were made in Wales, and were ordered by the Ohio republican committee, the design for the button being made in Cleveland. This fact' has become pretty generally known in tbe eastern part of this and the adjoining counties, and many Me Kinley buttons have disappeared.— American paper. Wattle - Cultivation. —Operations began Borne time ago, under the auspices of the forest department, at Otford, on the Illawarra line, for im proving the state of naturally growing wattles at that place. About 140 acres of wattle-bearing land have received systematic treatment, and it is estimated that this pieoe of country now carries from 400 . to 500 well tended trees per acre. These wattles, according to present anticipations, will be available for stripping two years hence. Putting the yield per tree at the low estimate of 10 H) of bark, theitotal stripping will amount to 2 Bi} tons. Tbe ruling price of wattle-bark at the present time is from £G to £7 per ton. After the olearing at Otford was completed the lopped branches aud stubble were burned, and fire- breaks have been constructed along the boundary fences to secure the plantation from bush-fire destruo- ' tiori from the outside. . The formation of an artificial wattle plantation a few miles north of Wollongong will _ be' begun immediately after the Christ mas holidays. By the forest depart ment it is recognised that the growing of wattle will develop into an im portant industry. The director general has ascertained that the southern parts of the colony are the particular habitat of tbe various species of wattle. M. J. Ednie Brown therefore intends to make a journey from Kiama to Bega about the middle of January next for the purpose of ascertaining to the full extent tbe wattle-bearing qualities of that belt of country.— S. M. Herald. The abundanoe of salmon tbis year on the coasts and in tbe rivers of British Columbia and tbe State of Washington is so great as to be almost incredible. The Port Townsend (Washington) Leader in a recent issue says: — 'The preBent wonderful run of salmon has so glutted tbe market that for some time they have been selling at five cents a-piece ; but the price took a tumble the other day, and several fishermen Bold a boatload of fine salmon, weighing 20 lbs. each, at tbe pitiful sum of one cent a-piece. One cent for a 20 lb. silver salmon, the finest quality of that excellent fish, is the lowest price, perhaps, that a food-fish ever sold for in this or any other country ; but salmon ~ are so plentiful that people do not know what to do with them. It is estimated that enough fish could be taken here in one day to fill 1000 barrels. Fishermen say tbey oan make big money by selling salmon a oent a-piece to the oanneries if they will only buy all that tbey can catch. Old residents say that they never saw such quantities of 'salmon before.' \- The prison farm at Jrnnoetown, Dartmoor (England), comprises about 2000 acres, which until the year 1850 was waste land. A report in the Journal of the Boyal Agricultural Society says that this is a notable example of the results of skill and - capital. High stone walls, built of granite boulders raised in the prison quarries or from, the land as the work, of reclamation prooeeds, divide, the land intofields of fifteen ortwentyaores. Exoellent roadB have been made where needed, and are extended as required. Swedes . are followed by . barley, with which are sown the seede for permanent grass. No cleaner or purer pastures are to be found any where tban those laid down ' on this . /arm within the last, few ,year^. Aty kinds of .vegetables are. grown. A. dairy herd and .a flock. of sheep are! kept and' all., Mfe «alves 'reared.. Annual auctions of sdrpl us livestock . suq -held.Vnt whioh . worth are often sold. Private -sales of ; pontes, , sheep, and pigs are also made ? Tbe whole of the, work ia done By convicts,, without ' tlie aid of horses, ', except for carting. . Gas v. ELEOTEioirr.— Profesaor Preece is tbe chief electrioianto the British Post Office (writes Dr. J. J3. .Taylor). Few eleotrioiansstaud higher :in technical rank. . You .^iil therpfo^e understand the .bombshell he has dropped, in stating tbatit is possible to produce -electricity, at one jpenjiy j?pr, Boardrof tirade, unit, . jriiifllys : .equiva lent to gas at .89. per thousand feet 1 The electric light is not now wh^ ^illiam Siemens polled it - fejryepzs,.; ago,' the 'Icxuiy. ofi the 'neb, though it is. doubtless employed by, them as a luxury., It.is.ajso the, comfort and friend of th6 poor. ;For instance, sincerthe electrxo lig'ht has bee&i; introduced jBto the.Heor^n^ 3e partmept ^of the Londpn popt-ofEop, iti sanitary value bas ii'een estimated men.', in,. the . , Pgst-pfiice . 'Savings, - Bknk, the new ligbt has reduced the. sick leave by, two days per head ptr annum— n saving. i-t ,£680, a year, .Tbe Canadian apple.orop is believed to be the 'largest on jree ori ' this year, and at the date of the last ad'-, vices |he railway . companies weje* conveying B&QQO; .. barrels , ,per GcomOnnHo to WBtnnliforffliipmWi 