N~E JDjL^JEiSS *. " Short. Sharp, Shiny." Opera. Circus. Warn;. Cricket. Pony races. Deputations. Rifle matches. Cowboy sports. Sunday closing. Affairs in Chili. Military rivalry. ... Gold discoveries. Open-air carnival. A fatal operation. Sad incident at sea. " Martha", to-night." A double succession.. Collision at tlie Port. Intercolonial cricket. Holidays nearly over. "Flight into Egypt." Australia v. England. Diplomatic Randolph. Labor representatives. A serious burning case. - A captain driven mad. _____ Sculling championship. Death of Alfred Cellier. . Opera at popular prices. _ An Adelaide ghost story. Broken Hill water supply. Another year nearly gone. Attack on a prison warder. Return of Mr. James Shaw. Pony races at Port Adelaide. Poxes increasing in Victoria. Sydney tailors still on strike. ' Walter Giffen unable to play. The Ministry still undecided. Spanish loan fully subscribed. ~ "Art Notes from Australia." Mr. Ash on local government. ££' Bushfires in New South Wales. Another plot against the Czar. Who is to be the new Minister'! A smart Anglo-colonial wedding. Free education in two more days. Heavy gales on the Spanish coast. Mr. J. R. Cox has been interviewed. We shall soon have an Agent-General. George Augustus Sala is G3 years of age. Double succession to the Clancarty title. The^Wallsend colliery still remains idle. A young girl severely burnt at Port Pirie. Prince Christian unable to leave Osborne. New gold discoveries in Western Australia. 110° in the shade at Broken Hill yesterday. A small fire on the Queenscliffe (K.I.) jetty, . Maceabe, the ventriloquist, is on his way to Perth. Another suicide from taking "Rough on Rats." Sir John Bray will probably resign to morrow. Those anxious Ministerialists will soon know their fate. Mr. J. R. Cox, M.P., collected £2,500 in Australia. Pony race meeting on the Port course this afternoon. Ambitious members waiting for Sir John's resignation. Ail easy win for Victoria in the intercolonial cricket match. A big show on the Old Exhibition Grounds this afternoon. Big fields for the six events at Morphett ville on Friday. When is the fowlyard in the Botanic Gardens to be removed 1 These peripatetic geese have gone from the Botanic Gardens. The Anglo-Australian combined match com mences on Friday. Lord Randolph Churchill is an aspirant ta diplomatic honors. . Signora Cuttiea will sing "The last rose of summer " to-night. Several parties have done well at the Echunga goldfields. New South Wales has been visited by de structive bush fires. The Zoo has been splendidly patronised during the holidays. . W. J. O'Connor, the American oarsman, challenges the world. New Year's Day regatta promises to be the best for many years. Mr. James Shaw was entertained by the Lord Mayor of London. Rolfe Boldrewood's novels are increasing in popularity in England. The Victorian Parliament was prorogued yesterday until January 30. The Victoria Regia is approaching its full glory at the Botanic Gardens. The Gladstone teams were again successful in the rifle nlatches fired yesterday. H.M.S. Ivatoomba returned to Port Adelaide from Glenelg on Tuesday afternooD. The Englishmen won their match against a Ballarat 20 by an innings and 134 runs. . Bandmann, an actor who was in Australia some years ago, is selling milk in Montana. £The licensed victuallers meet to-day to dis cuss the Sunday-closing clause of the new Act. It is thought that several weeks will elap3e before Prince Christian can leave for his home. Foxes in Victoria threaten to become as great a nuisance as wild dogs were in former days. The wife of the Earl of Clancarty (Miss Belle Bilton) has presented her hubby with twins. George Augustus Sala is going to start a penny miscellany under the name of Sulci's Weekly. Princess Beatrice .Tent, I.O.R., grateful to the hon. members who supported Sunday closing. ' , A secret league, having for its object the assassination of the Czar, has been discovered at Polpa. Six unbroken colts will be ridden by Wirth's cowboys at the Old Exhibition Grounds this afternoon. The traffic on the railways and tramways during the Christmas holidays was heavier than usual. Alfred Cellier, the composer of " Dorothy," "The Sultan of Mocha," and other popular works, is dead. Mr. James Shaw, formerly Mayor of Ade laide, returned to the colony by the mail steamer Oruba. The reduction in the price of admission to the Theatre made a considerable difference in the attendance. Flotow's charming and popular opera "Martha" will be produced at the Theatre Royal this evening. The butter taken to England by the Cuzco had the effect of bringing down "prime Nor mandy" 2d. a pound. The Katoomba damaged another of the Adelaide Steamtug Company's boats on the Port River onSTuesday; Somebody has discovered and announced that Sir John Gorst commenced life as an usher in a private school. Entries for regatta day races exceptionally large and good. Crews from the outports have signified their intention to compete. The first important postal reform under Sir James Fergusson's regime concerns the reduc tion in postage on books and papers. The Smith trophy was handed over to Cap tain Catt, of trie Gladstone rifle team, by Leiutenant-Colonel Madley yesterday. Lord Randolph Churcmll would like to be British representative at St. Petersburg, bub the experiment is considered too risky. The'supplv of water at Broken Hill yester day was only equal to about three or four pints per head of the inhabitants of the town. English people have given up looking upon Lord Carrington merely as "the coaching Johnny who horsewhipped Grenville Murray."' A number of visitors have inspected the Echunga goldfield during the holidays, and many announced their intention of giving it a trial. Weather forecast for to-day - "Fine weather. Still hot inland, but cooler towards the south coastline. Winds variable, chiefly northerly inland, southerly in southern dis tricts." At all gatherings, political or social, the working man drinks his beer and is jolly, but he rarely abuses the liquor, and it would b& an insult to subject him to any restriction whatever. Behrmann, the victim 6f the mysterious stabbing case, has filed an information against his landlady, Miss Amelia Codd, charging her with wilfullyand maliciously inflicting grievous bodily harm uponhim. It is said that the Prince of Wales has been visiting the slums of London. Clad in shabby clothes, with false wig and beard,_ and accom panied by one friend arid a police inspector, he was present at a thieves' supper, and also visited some of the worst localities m the East-end. Mrs. Brown-Potter was one of the few guests invited to meet the Prince of Wales at luncheon at Lady Dorothy Neville's last month. With Lady Dorothy's wit and Mrs. Potter's fascinations to cheer him his Royal Highness must have found the little luncheon entirely chainiing. 