GENERAL ../NBSRS; The usual monthly meeting of the Fre mantle Municipal Council will be held this evening. - When the ? Fremantle Local . Courti .rose yesterday Mr. Fairbaim,; R;M., announced that he would take the remaining cases unheard on Wednesday. ?'-???, ' On and after Friday next there will be a regular bi-wuekly train service on the Midland Railway between Guildford and Gingin. The train mil be despatched on Wednesdays and Fridays from Guildford at 10-30 a.m., reaching Gingin at ' 1 p.m; The return train will leave Gingin at 2 p.m., arriving at Guildford at 4'30 p.m. . ' At the Fremantle Police-eourt this morn ing Mr. A. B. Kidson applied for bail on behalf of Aithiir Turner, who is now under remand charged with having stolen about £30, the property of Byron Hayes at the Albion Grounds on the 30th ult. Corporal Connor objected to bail being; granted. Mr. Fairbaim R.M., informed Mr. Kidson that the accused would be brought up for trial as early as possible, and that probably the case would be taken on Thursday morning. At the Fremantle Police Court, this morning, before Mr. Fairbaim, Thomas Smith was charged with allowing a dog to attack a little boy named Healy. The boys' leg showed the mark of a severe bite. Mr. A. B. Kidson, who appeared for the defendant admitted the offence, and a fine of 5s. was imposed, on the understanding that .the dog would be kept chained up in future. Mary Ann Weaver was charged with assaulting Mary Ann Waylen. There was no appearance of the parties concern ed and the case was struck out. George Hughes, teamster, was charged with assaulting William Holmes. The com plainant deposed that early on Saturday morning the accused brought him from a boat in which he was sleeping to a stable on the pretence that a man was lying sick there. He then 'struck witness a serere blow en the eye, and beat him severely with a stick. The accused was ' pretty drunk ' at the time. The complainant showed some of his bruises, and it was evident he had been brutally treated. The accused, in defence said he had been told that the complainant drank a pint of beer belonging to him, and that was how the quarrel arose. The accused was iined SA 8s. and costs— £5 in all. On Sunday last it was announced in Wesley Church, Perth, that the 57th anniversary of Wesley Sunday School would be cele brated on Sunday next, when special ser vices will be held, the Rev. W. A. Potts preaching morning and evening. At three o'clock in the afternoon the usual preset tations of prizas will take place, when the prizes will ' be distributed amongst the older classes by His Excellency the Go vernor and Lady llobinson, and among the younger children by Mr3. Shenton and Mrs. Simpson. The following Wednesday evening a.public meeting will be held in Wesley Church, when tho report and balance sheet of the school for the past year will be presented. A case of considerable interest in busi ness circles was heard at the Fremantie Local Court yesterday. Messrs. Symon, Hammond and Subble sued the Mercantile Agency Co. for .£11 8s. Mr. A. B. Kidsou appeared for the plaintiffs and Mr. J. Fiddes repressnted the defendant company. The claim was based on a written letter of guarantee, up to jSoO, given by the defen dant on behalf of Mr. John Elliott, while the latter was trading as the W, A. Furnish ing Co., and pievious to hia bankruptcy. The letter was dated the 26th June. Mr. Schrouder, accountant, deposed that the goods value of which it waB now sought to cover wertt forwarded on July 11, and that the guarantee had not been withdrawn. Mr. Fiddes combated the claim on the giound that this particular transaction had not been endorsed by the defendant company, and submitted that the plain tiff's thereby took'the risk. Mr. Kidson, in reply, urged that the plaintiffs were not obliged to communicate where there was a continuing guarantee. After a short deliberation the Bench re turned into court, and Mr. Fairbaim R.M., stated that they were of opinion that the letter was a guarantee and judgment was given for the plaintiffs. Mr. FiddeB stated that he purposed appealing against the decision. Mr. W. H. Beisel-Browne, the Perth manager of the Equitable Life Assurance Seciety of U. S., has received a cable from his head office to the effect that the Equit able has succeeded in writing the pheno minal sum of fourteen million five hundred thousand pounds Stirling during the first quarter of the present year. Some idea of the magnitude of these figures may be: gathered from the fact that the total busi ness written by the combined offices of Australasia in one year is considerably under twelve millions. At the Perth Police-court this morning David Ward charged with an unnatural offence, was remanded for 8 days. Thee Ah Kin, a Chinese, was eharged on a war rant with deserting the service of his master. It appeared that the accused came out under agreement to James Craig, and was afterwards transferred to Mr. Sttick land, who dismissed him. Craig finding this out desired accused to come back t.- him, but he would not, and accordingly the warrant was issued. The police this morn ing applied to have the accuied remanded to York, but the magistrate, Mr. J. C. H James, refused to make any order. On Wednesday night says the Albany Advertiser a man named Walter Scott was brought down to Albany from .Round Swamp suffering from severe burns received on Monday night at the latter plac-?. It seems that Scott, who is a kangaroo hunter, had spent Easter Monday at the Raund Swamp Races and in the evening being somewhat intoxicated he laid himself down by a bushfire to sleep. By some means or other the unfortunate man's clothes became ignited and soon began to scorch his flesh. He then jumped up and ran for assistance, but before this could be obtained hisbody was burnt in a most terrible manner. Scott who was suffering intensely, was brought down by Mr. Hugh Cliraic on Wednesday night for treatment at the Albany hospital On 'Change this morning sales took pla-se in Eraser's at 8/4 and 8/3,; Centrals being offered at 25s. without buyers. For. Central Extended 1/2 was offered with sellers at 1/8, Fraser's south (pro) being offered at 10/ without buyers. For Hope's Hill (pro) 1/ was offered with sellers at 1/6, contributing being offered at 2/ without buyers. A salo took place in shares of the York and Yilgarn Carrying Company, at 9/. It was reported in Albany last Friday that a valuable find of gold had been made in the Broomehill District by two men'whb have been employed tank sinking on Lord Brassey'sproperty. The specimens brought into town are, says the Advertiser, of a particularly fine description, coarse gold in considerable quantity being dissemi nated throughout the stone. Should this be a genuine find, Broomehill and Albany may look for an important impetus to be given to their trade. Arrangements are being made to obtain confirmatory evidence of this reported valuable discovery. Messrs. Andorson &Barr;, whose business premises and dwelling in Hay-street were destroyed by fir** earJy last month, have, through their solicitors, Messrs. Stone and Burt, issued w/ifcs against the 2few Zea land and London and Lancashire offices to recover the amounts of their policies secur ed in those offices on their stock and furniture. Trains on the Gnildford-to-Gingin sec tion of the Midland Railway, which will be opened for traffic on Thursday next, will for the present run on two days in each week— namely, on Wednesday and Fri day—as follows: — Leaving Guildford at 10-30 a.m., arriving at Gingin at 1 p.m., and returning at 2 p.m.,reach ing Guildford at 4.30 p.m. The following eases were heard at the Fremantle Local Conrt yesterday afternoon : — R. Honey v. J.J. Elsegood, claim for £18 I7i. 8d. Mr. Gawl«jr aDt»eared for the plaintiff and Mr. G. Parker for the defend ant. Plaintiff's clerk stated that an order was received for a quantity of architraves, 5 by !}. The order was entered in the order-book, and was taken down from the plaintiff. The latter, in defence stated he ordered the timber 6 by 1J-. He was positive he did not order 5 by 1}. £4 8s. was paid into court and judgment was given for the plaintiff for ,£6 15s. 8d.J. J. High-tm v. W. Davia, claim for .£10 5s. 9d. for galvanised iron supplied. The defend ant said that the iron was damaged by seawater, but he admitted that he had used the iron during the past sixteen months. Judgment was given for ,£6 19s. Mr. R. H. Bateson, the local director of the Macintosh G.M. Co., received a wire from theBoard inAdelaide this morning in forming him of the purchase of the Pioneer Battery formerly belonging to the Uphill Co., at Parker's Range. We have received from the Hon. H. W. Venn, Chairman of the Agricultural Com mission, the final report of that body, which we hope to be able to review at length in an early issue. : ' ? ; ' '? ??' \ The Fremantle Turf Club has organised an attractive programme to be run off at Woodman's Point on the first of J .ne— Foundation Day — which contains seven event3, as follows ? — Maiden Plate, of j£10 j Peny Race, of .£10 ; Fremantle Cup, of .£30 ; Galloway Race, of .£10 ; Hack Race, of £t- 5 Pony Race, £1 10s. ; Ladies Purse, of .£10 10s. We hope to public the programme in detail in to-morrow's issue. Mr. Edward Downes, a very old colonist and one of the earliest settlers in the Victoria district, died at Dongarra a few days ago, at the advanced age of'72. An other well-knowa resident of the same district — Mr. Robert Pearson— died at the Greenough on the 29th inst. A quantify of sporting news will be found on the fourth page of to-day's issue. During the week ended the third instant the total number of visitors to the Victoria Public Library was 300, of which 20 were ladies. 