BUSHFIRES. la tho Hamilton District. HAMILTON, Sunday, j Yesterday was one of the most disastrous I lays in the annals of .this district. Prom tony in the morning a strong hot north wind . urea blowing, and before the day was far ad- vanned one column of smoke, after another was seen arising in the neighbour- . hood of Hamilton, and by the afternoon the town was -surrounded. Messen- gers arrived from different directions announcing that fires had broken out', doing fearful damage. The property- owners who had visitedto wn to attend the usual Satur day's BaleSy hurried away to their homes. Applications for help were liberally responded to, ttnd <$ number of men were seen departing in cabs and on horseback to lend a helping hand ; bat as time passed on the smote in creased in density, and at 5 o'clock the ringing of the fire bell, sum moning more assistance, caused the excite ment to increase, especially as messengers arrived announcing" the wholesale destruc tion of property. One fire is said to have broken out on the Bochara ran, whence ft strong wind quickly drove it on to Grange Greek, carrying, desolation with it. The greatest sufferer at this place was Mr. Robert Eraser, whose smil ing homestead and fields were iu a few hours changed into a charred wilderness. Here the house, a substantial brick building, stables, sheds, -with all their contents, were within half -an-honr converted Into heaps of rains. Besides his homestead Mr. Eraser lost his stacks of hay, over 100 tons, a stack of straw, 20 bags of wheat, 20 bags of oats, a large quantity of Hour and fotatoes, all his" machinery, cart and uggy, a number of sheep, four miles of fencing — in fact, everything except the clothes he wore at the time. Messrs. James Mason and A. Port .lost 20 acres of grass and half a mile of fencing each ; Mr. M 4 Neil lost everything but his house ; Mr. J. Spring lost two chaff cutters, a ton of flour, 20 bags of wheat, 10 bags of oats, 10 fens of hay, plough, harrows, four sets of harness, saddles, about three miles of fenc ing, and all his grass. Messrs. Jack- eon Brothers had 94 bags of wheat and barley, 150 bags of oats, 70 tons of hay, a huge stack of straw, machinery, buggy, etc., destroyed, in addition to grass and fencing. Mr. Holden lost 275 acres of grass and fenc ing. 