NORTHAMPTON. (From our own Correspondent.) The Sisters of St. Joseph's School in conjunction with the teachers of the Gov ernment School gave their annual chil- drens' pic-nic on the 24th inst. Father Brereton was unavoidably absent, and was missed by the children on account of the reverend gentleman's hearty manner of joining in their juvenile amusements. A little after nine o'clock on last Thursday morning, the good sisters marshalled their numerous pupils and proceeded through the town to the pic-nic grounds, adjacent to the town. The juvenile procession was a long one, and at its head was carried a large banner, the children singing as they marched along. There was a large assemblage on the pic-nio grounds, quite as many adults as there were children. Tho tables were covered with toothsome edibles in great variety, and although there was a large number present to par take of the many good things provided for. the occasion, there was evidently abund-' ance for all ; and such proved to be tho case as the day wore on. The usual pic nic games were indulged in by the chil dren, and everything passed off well. About sundown the children were formed into procession and marched back to town in the same order as they left it in the morning ; but before dispersing for their respective homes three hearty cheers were given for the Sisters of Mercy. With the exception of the prospect of a speedy re-opening of one of the many copper mines in this district, I have nothing to communicate in the mining iu- dusory. Bushfires are making their appearance very early this year, none having taken place in September before the present un- precedent dry season ; at least, so say our oldest residents. Last week fires were seen to spring up in almost every direction, and in some instances home steads were endangered, but were saved by some of the townspeople and police. On last Saturday morning Messrs. E. Bracken and W. Jones made a start for the Upper Murchison goldfields. They went on horseback with packhorse, and I understand, they are well provided for a lengthy prospecting trip. The weather is very dry, and the crops are gradually, but surely dying away. | Sept. 29. 