A Trip on a Bicycle. ? LONGFORD TO EMU BAY. A party of wheelmen, consisting of. Messrs Gill brothers and Ling, left Long ? ford on the Thursday afternoon preceding Easter, intending to spend, . as is ' the bicyclist' wont, their holidays on wheels, another old cyclist, W. Ford, joining the' party en route. '.* Satisfying ourselves that we'had escaped the attention of the lyhx evedbier eooseberrv emulator, who. doubt less would as usual make us fit; subject's for his much-used pen, we glided merrily on towards Carriok. An hour later a dismount was. made at Westbury, where we con formed to the inevitable rule of hotels, viz , ' ring, drink, and pay.' Our lines, or rather'wheels, were not now to fall in such pleasant places, tho road ieading to Delo raine beins; patched with newly broken metal, and as the powers that be believe in a good solid surface whereon to lay thie metal, the macadam once more adheres to the law, of nature and each bit. assumes a rounded form. Tot does that dirge-like ' ain't it siek'nin'!' ring in my ears. As our number was composed principally , of sons of the soil, the most interesting objects to their' experienced eyes were t well-designed haystacks, their re marks verifying Carlyle's adage— ' The eye 'sees what the eye brings means of seeing.' A voice from the, top of th%' stack, a thatcher's,showed he preferred hisihay-leviation to even our slight, eleva-' tioiiV ?'' Deloraine was reached at 6-30 p.m., and as. this is a suggestive hour we. quit our steeds and consult the . ' cup ?' that cheers but not inebriates.' This refresher prepared us for the hill leading but; of this . picturesque township, and such a one as all bike riders coudemn. Here our number, increased, and Mr J. Galvin on his rear driver makes the pace. Everything; went satisfactorily till two-thirds of the distance to. Latrobe was traversed, when dismounts beea'me for a time the rule, bush.fires, being responsible' for this, large trees being thrown in all directions, ;' as if the . Titans battled.' Our destination for the night, Latrobe, was reached at 11 o'olock,' the light at Bramich's hostelry revealing the fact that an almost invisible some thiilg had bespattered its occupant with fine sand. Mrs Sodgers says when men sit up late they drink, so we soon retired tc 'sore labour's bath.' Good Friday dawned on us as a ' warm, lazy day.' Spreyton with' its much worn road iB soon at our backs, but the Devon hill suggests to the cyclist that if he 'toils not neither will he spin.' Ata near 'distance from this the Don township presents itself, and soon another hill a mile long has to be essayed. The sea is now at no great distance, so we. determine to ibqwl along a bye road which led ''directly to the beach, in order that, we might . xeally , ?' smell the air.' Here groups of pleasure seekers' were taking lunch alfresco, and an invitation to one.we cordially accepted, one of our party gaining .distinction by his avidity tor a special make of coast cake. The greater part of the day was pleasantly spent here, and when night threw her sab: uiautlp over Ulvorstono, the scoel steeds and their riders became part. of its popula tion. Our Iiostes3 here was a ' rale nice canny ' body,' hailing from the land of cakes, but when she ejaculated that '.' ye'd no be the waut of a dram,' our youngest wheelman thought that women ought not to ' learn, foreign languages,, consider ing one tongue sufficient for any fair creature. The situation of Ulverstone is to be commended even .by a pedaller, but its primitive-looking sandy pathless streets compare anything but favourably with its principal buildings. Even a wheelman likes an occasional spurt along, a hard set level path, don'tcber know. Saturday found us gliding, along in search of Kmu Bay, the alternate, glimpses of seascape and many-coloured autumnal landscapes on tho way seeming to shorten considerably the 20 miles of ron.d., 'We ni'.-t, several bikes, but one which in the distance promised to supply us with a novel make of machine proved, when iu close proximity, to bo naught else than a double-chained kafety supporting a rider wearjng not the orthodox cyclist's uniform, but a frock coat and tall hat. After two hours of really pleasant wheel ing wo arrived at Burnie. Its natural harbour and surroundiugs prompted us, to make an offer to exchange the situation of. our little city of the plain-r-Longford— for that of Burnie. Whilst refreshing our; selves with ...a... dip. in the. briny a fellow plunger ( assured us with ^ 'as much zest . as they enter into' political' matters coastwise,' that Emu Bay would yet prove a rival of the historical seven hilled city. 