CHRISTMAS SKETCH. THE FALSE AND THE TRUE. BY J.M. BARR. CHAPTER I. THE PROSPECTORS' CAMP. Tom lay sick almost unto death with that terrible malady, colonial fever, which seemed to have burned up the strength and vitality which was such a prominent part of his youthful countenance. Now, his long limbs lay inert and powerless, and the once massive frame was painfully emaciated, and the strengthless fingers, like birds' claws, moved restlessly upon the thin blanket, his only covering. The beads of clammy perspiration stood upon his brow and the former light brown curls lay damp and limp, unkempt and uncared for. His mate Ralph entered the tent bearing a pannican with some Kangaroo soup, and roused him from a dreamy doze. " Wake up, old fellow, and take this. It will strengthen you before I leave. I want to ride down to the township and get some medicine for you, as well as a few stores, for we are nearly out and as you are not able to be moved just yet we must get some tucker for Christmas. Cheer up Tom ! It will be evening before I can be back, but Rover will keep you company." The sick man tried to raise himself, and a faint look of animation gleamed in his tired eyes. " Oh Ralph ! Do call and see if there are any letters for me, I sent my poor old mother my last address and asked her to write. It may be she has done so. Don't fail now ; matey, for I am awfully anxious and it may be the last I shall ever read from her. I want you to go, although it will be something dreadful to lie here in this little tent all day with the fierce heat and closeness of the weather. There is thunder about I am sure." After a pause he added, faintly, " I am an awful trouble to you, and if I have not seemed to hit it with you just as I would have liked, pray forgive me now before you leave." The other hastily rose to take the hand wearily held out to him, but a deep growl came from under the stretcher, warning him to keep his distance. " You hear that ! Neither Rover or yourself have had that confidence in me which there ought to be between mates of six months' standing, but never mind old fellow, I forgive you. Dare say you can't help it. Well ta ta, I am off. Twenty miles ride on a hot day like this is no joke. I'll see about the letters, and there's a billy of water handy for you to reach." So, mounting his horse he rode away, muttering to himself ; " Yes, if you knew me as well as I know you, you'd have less confidence than ever. However, you're not likely to last much longer, and I have your pocket-book and papers. Pah ! You'll never need them, and they will be of great service to me." Meanwhile, poor Tom's hand hung down, and the faithful collie dog Rover ciawled out and licked the wasted fingers. In a few minutes the invalid fell into one of those fevered dreams in which the past is brought vividly before the brain, and memory awakens the visions of long ago. He saw himself once more the only son of his honoured parents - the heir of his rather proud, but just father, and the idol of his tender mother, the athletic leader of the sports at the public school, the joyful feast on his coming of age, the sweet love of the brightest and best girl of the county, and their affections agreed upon by the parents on both sides. Oh, what happiness to recall those blissful scenes, and as he slept, the thin wasted lips wreathed into smiles of pure joy and rapture. Then the cloud, dark and threatening, fell in blackness over the scene : that fearful and dishonouring charge against him - his utter ignorance of it and inability to prove his innocence \- his father's wrathful refusal to permit investigation - in vain his mother's pleadings - his spirit roused and his indignant denial doubted, and the harsh words and bitter rejoinders - until he was cast out as unworthy to be called the son of an honourable family. Mad in righteous anger, he had turned his back on his home, with the father's words ringing in his ears - "No son of mine. Go dishonored, go. " The parting with his mother -" I believe in your truth, Tom. Wait, God will prove the right." The farewell of his sweetheart -" God bless you Tom, I will never doubt you. They will not allow me to marry you now, but I will never marry any other while I live. You will be cleared yet." Then passed like a vision as in a moment the five years at the Australian diggings, the search and gain of gold - the new mate. \- the prospecting tour, and then he awoke to murmur piteously, " And this is the end of it, dying far from friends and home, dying alone, deserted by all, save my poor faithful dcg." Then he thought how his heart yearning for his mother and lover, he had enclosed letters to each under the cover to the family lawyer, and had learned from him that it was his father's intention to leave the estate to an Irish nephew of his that Tom had never met, but who appeared on the scene immediately after he had fled to Australia. How he had received one such sweet reply from each of the dear ones reiterating their love, and confidence, and then came a long lapse of two years, with not a word from home or friends. Can it be wondered that the once strong man wept as he prayed for blessings upon those dear heads he might never see again. CHAPTER II. THE DESERTION. The day was close and sultry ; the sun hung like a huge ball of red-hot copper in the lurid sky ; the mountains loomed vast and indistinct through the haze-like, thin, blue smoke which hung over the face of the land ; not a leaf quivered on the trees, not a bird twittered in the bushes ; all that seemed alive were the quick-glancing lizards, or the gliding snake, as it swept its folds across the dust. But Ralph, as he urged on his horse, had no eye to see, or ear to listen ; he was brooding thinking over a great scheme, a cruel monstrous injustice, which grew stronger and more fully developed as he rode along. That thought had sprung up in his mind a year ago, and had become an abiding presence with him ever since - the thought of Cain, the murderer. He had brooded over it until it had mastered him in its might, and a thousand opportunities had been given in that close companionship of six months to have turned the thought into the deed.Yet he had hesitated, and now he congratulated himself that the illness of his mate would save him from all need for crime. He had only to wait and let him die - it was better so. What had he to fear from the disinherited outcast, save that the father's pride would give way at last, and the mother's unfailing love conquer in the end. And, therefore, it was a stroke of diplomacy on his part when he volunteered to his aunt to secretly go out to Australia and find out how the cast-off son did fare, while he was supposed to be travelling on the Continent. When he had found this cousin, who knew him not, he had wormed out his secrets, and now was going for his letters, which should decide the future course. As he rode, the gloom grew more oppressive, but he knew it not. When he arrived at the rural township store and post- office combined, a packet was handed to him, with the address, Thomas Wentworth Warren, Esq., and bearing the Melbourne post-mark. He hastened to the quietest corner of the hotel bar, and while his horse was being attended to, opened the packet and read. It was from the firm of Ward and Safe, solicitors, and requested their respected client to come down to their office at once, as they were instructed by their London agents to inform him that matters of importance to his personal interest and advantage required immediate attention. They also enclosed a bank draft and a letter from England, which he also read, and gnashed his teeth as he did so. It was from Tom's mother, full of the outpourings of maternal love, but to the reader the most important words were these -" Do not delay ; come at once ; your father is failing, and thinks (though as yet he will not say so) that he was too harsh with you. Besides he has heard something - I know not what as yet - which causes him to have doubts about your cousin Robert. Have you not met him yet ? He promised to search for you and bring you back with him as a brother would do. His last letter said he was still searching for you. I enclose a photo of him, so that you may know him should you meet." As he read, a look of black ferocity settled on his otherwise handsome face, as he muttered, " So you doubt me ; he never will now." Then he read again : " Since I last wrote, your poor girl has lost both her parents at a stroke, and has gone out with her uncle, Major Campbell to Victoria, the name of the place I cannot. tell, but the solicitors in Melbourne can easily tell you where they are to be found. Go to them at once, as soon as you receive this letter." " So," he said, with as deep, black frown on his forehead, and his eyes contracted with hate, " This hurries matters. If he had received this Ietter, it would have been all up with me, exposed and disgraced. Fortune is with me, however. I will not return for a day or two, but will ride to Beechworth and cash the order, money is always handy. But to make matters sure, I must have proof of his death to satisfy the lawyers and my kind uncle and aunt. Well, I can leave word with the shepherd or stockman about the poor fellow dying in his tent alone while I ride off for a doctor to Beechworth. Of course we will be all too late. I can then go to town at once and hey ! for home, money and beauty. I will soon find out his lady-love and it will go hard if I cannot persuade her and her uncle too, to let her return to England with me." Accosting the landlord in an open, eager manner he asked : " Is there any medical man about here ?" " None nearer than Beechworth. Anyone ill ?" " Yes ! I have a friend sick in the bush and must get a doctor. How far to Beechworth ?" "Sixteen miles, and a bad road too. You will scarce go there tonight. I'm sure the bush is on fire between here and there. But if you will go, there is a to the left, about six miles on, that takes you to a shepherd's hut on the creek. You'd better make for there, and he will show you the way. The station is about two miles further." The horse was brought out and he dashed away into the deepening gloom, and the smoke that hung like a pall. CHAPTER III. THE STATION. In a wide and deep verandah which encircled a large and roomy house, there sat a group of ladies overlooking a nice garden well stocked with fruit trees and flowers. Although the latter were drooping in the dull heat, the cherries gleamed like coral on the branches, the currants shone white and black in clusters, and the scent of strawberries mingled with the perfume of honeysuckle and roses. " I do not know, aunt, how you can stand such a climate as this. I am completely melting," said the youngest and most beautiful of the three. " I am sure if I had known of such weather I would have hesitated before leaving England with uncle. And by- the-bye, where is he on such a day as this ?" The elder lady replied to the last question first : " The major has ridden out to visit the shepherds. He said this morning we were likely to have bushfires about, and Sam has gone with him to carry fresh provisions to the outstations. The waggon will not come back empty for the major generaly shoots a kangaroo or something to bring home. But we do not have such weather all the time, even in the midst of summer. Daisy, so you must not be too hard upon our climate after the dismal rain and cold we experienced when at home. But see, the heat has not been great enough to prevent Dr Parker from riding over from Beechworth. Doubtless he will spend the Christmas with us, and the attraction is plain ; Miss Daisy, you have made the doctor the captive of your spear and bow," laughed the lady. But Daisy replied with a pained expression on her face : " I hope you are mistaken, aunt, for I respect Dr Parker, and would be very sorry that he should waste his affection where it cannot be returned. I cannot speak to him on the subject, but you know that I am pledged to Tom Warren, for good or ill, so long as we both shall live, and if you think there is any occasion, I wish you would let the doctor know in your own quiet way. I am now free to act as my own mistress, and the principal cause of my coming to Victoria was to try to find poor Tom, to let him know that the stigma is cleared from his name, as well as to escape from the importunities of that evil cousin of his, who, Iike Jacob, tried to rob him of his birthright." In a short time the guest had arrived, and received a hearty welcome, although he appeared rather disappointed at the tinge of reserve which mingled with the greeting of Daisy. After some refreshment the conversation turned upon the weather, and the doctor informed the ladies that from the heights he had crossed he had seen the gleam and smoke of a large bushfire in the Black Range, in which direction the major and his man had gone, but as he was a good bushman and well mounted no anxiety was felt. CHAPTER IV. THE BUSH FIRE. Alone in the small tent, the heat was awful to the poor fever-stricken man. As the afternoon came on he had exhausted the supply of water, and the dog suffered with him, panting with its tongue out, as it lay or sat looking at its master. The water-hole was not a mile off, but the dog remained by its master's side ; there was no desertion in its faithful heart. On the hills behind the tent the ominous dark clouds hung deeper and denser, and a hollow, sullen sound, like the distant breakers, could be heard. It came nearer, and now loud reports, like infantry firing. mingled with the roar and heavy crashes as the big limbs fell down. A rush of wild animals went past at full speed, as the denizens of the forest fled before the destroyer - for the bush was on fire. Flocks of parrots and cockatoos passed screaming overhead, the wallabies and kangaroo rats leaped away, and the dingo slouched behind them. Yet Rover remained by his master while the fiery death drew nearer and yet nearer still. There was no wind as yet to fan the flames, to send them springing forward fast as a horse could gallop, but it was coming. The heavens were black, and at intervals, flashes of lightning rent the veil, but no thunder was heard. The heat became beyond endurance, and the sick man raised his hands towards heaven and cried, " Merciful God, it is hard to die thus. Let me be resigned to Thy will. Bless Daisy - mother - father," and then nature could bear no more, he sank back unconscious, while Rover lifted up his voice in melancholy howls, as if his heart would break in its agony. Who will say that the despairing cry of the man, or the inarticulate prayer of the dog, were unheard or unanswered ? * * * * * * * * ** * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Hurriedly driving the waggon laden with the spoils of the chase, Sam was hastening homeward, when the major riding beside him cried suddenly, " Stop ! There's a dog howling. Something's wrong ! Turn to the right and follow me." Dashing through the smoke drift, meeting the shower of sparks, right almost to the face of the flames, rushed the gallant major. Tearing into the tent, now ignited on the top, he caught the senseless form in his strong arms. " Hold the horses ! Make room for the man. Cover him with the rug, and now drive for your life to the waterhole. Good dog !" he cried, as Rover with one bound leaped into the waggon and lay down by his master's side. The spirit flask was put into requisition, and a slight fluttering of the pulse followed. " Thank God he is not dead yet. Pour some of the water over his head and drive, for life or death hangs on your speed." * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * In just the contrary direction from the station, a man is goading his overdone horse along as if pursued by the furies. The heat and passion combined appears to have maddened him. He bursts into hoarse laughter at times, and drinks from the flask he carries. The shepherd's hut is reached, and the wondering man points the way to Beechworth, but pleads with the rider to stop. " The storm will be on you in a few minutes. Your horse cannot carry you far, it already trembles beneath you. You had better bide a wee till the storm is over" " Curse the horse and you too. I'II make him carry me. I must go on --" and he dashed forward. " Take care of that branch !" shouted the shepherd. " My God ! He is down." The animal, goaded by the spur, had galloped beneath an overhanging imb, and Ralph, struck on the forehead, fell to the earth. Justice had overtaken him at last, The False Mate. CHAPTER V. RETRIBUTION AND REWARD. There are two patients at Campbell's station on that Christmas morning, when the storm of the night had passed, and the earth, fresh from its bath, sent up a grateful steam. The fires had been quenched by the thunder rain, and the flowers looked up and smiled at the clear blue sky. The windows were open in the cool chamber, where the breakfast was laid, but none were there to partake. In the verandah the major paced restlessly, until the doctor appeared : "Come, Major ! You are a justice, and I wish you to witness a dying man's deposition. He cannot live for an hour, his consciousness has only returned for a little while, but cannot last. He is terribly smashed. I opened his pocket book, and found letters and papers addressed to Thomas Wentworth Warren. I think that must be his name." " That cannot be," said the major ; " Tom Warren is the man I brought home last evening. He was recognised at once by Daisy, who is with him now." Draw the veil over the death chamber, where Robert Warren, the false mate, Ralph gasps out his confession of the wrongs he had done to his cousin, both at home, by the lying accusation made by his tool and slave, a poor fallen girl, and in Victoria, by his retention of letters and final desertion of him who was thought to be past recovery. The confession is full and complete before the pale Angel of Death seals up his lips for ever. In another chamber, surrounded by all the comforts that wealth and affection can give, lies Tom Warren, with the hand of Daisy clasped in his. All is explained, the dark shadow removed from his life, his father's letter asking for his forgiveness and return has been read to him, and the love pledges renewed between him and his recovered darling. Joy seldom kills. His countenance is happy and peaceful, the great weight has been lifted from his heart, and his position now is like Paradise when compared with the Inferno from which he has been snatched. The doctor comes in, and is amazed at the change for the better in this patient. Of the other he simply says, " He is gone, and it is better so." A silence falls upon the group ; Daisy's hand is still clasped in that of Tom, and seeing the doctor's look of astonishment, she simply introduces him : " This is Tom Warren, my affianced husband five years ago. We took each other for good or ill when all seemed against us, and I thank God that I am permitted to try to make up to him for the sorrow and suffering he has had from his false mate." And Tom said, faintly, " I will forgive him all ; I have now my father's blessing, my mother's love, and you true and faithful mate once more." The sweet calm of the holy Christmas morning falls like balm upon their hearts, and the only sound is the tattoo of joy which Rover's tail beats upon the floor. He is happy too. 