COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. (From our own Correspondents,) Wellington, November 16. The weather daring the last few days haBi been fearfully hot. A large bushfire is burning to the north of Cooke's Plains, and it is reported that a lot of fencing has .been burnt. M.C. Pyne has gone to the scene of the lire. . Our local ferryman had a treat on Satur- day. A mob of cattle had been orossed, when suddenly theytbroka out of the yard and made for. the . river, jwhieh~ they ; crossed and then' took up their abode on the swamp. The ferryman with a band of willing helpers and the men in charge had to wade, waist deep, in the swamp for several hours getting the cattle out again. This' they succeeded in doing, but not.'until the footpath over the swamp had been wrecked in several places in order, to let the cattle out to the road. We hare been having .our share of la grippe. Scarcely a family has escaped, and in some cases the disease has been very severe, but I am glad to say that so far no fatal case has occurred. The attendance at the State school 'has been much affected by the epidemic. I am told that the members' tickets for onr racing club are "going off " well and that the committee are formulating a good programme for the races,, which .aie to come.off on January 1. Burra, November 17. Here we are beginning to see and (eel that we bare entered on the summer months. Our hiliB hare lost their green mantle and. now look dry and brown. The rajs from old Sol are now- so powerfully, felt ttrntthefcuqiiiar summer phrase, "Hot,.isn't itJ?"iB often heard. Hay harvesting is the order of the. day in th^B district, but the yield is light. Had it not been for tbe last splendid rainwe should have had but little hay here this year. The mia did much good to the crops' standing for wheat, but the^average rdam; cannot be heavy.;>The earliest &nd;? are tniieh affecMd by the terrible I month ago that ^wrought j|iuch dest amongst all kinds- of repetition thi^dioatl the North. The frost was one' tp?be membered. It was one of the most'dmfrnctive. I eversaw in South Australia.-. --" A The shearing in-this district 'is^.juf^fti The season's clip on the whole is i^rjr'good. A large Quantity of' wool is being sent' from - the Burra raUway-staiion. Mr.Paynter continues working over the slag-heap at the old Burra smelting works. Evidently it is not a fortune-making business; sliiritls to be hoped sufficient ore ia being1 extracted to render the work of treating the slag remunerative. \- - The influenza has been a disturbing and \- distressing element in this district. In dividuals and families have suffered terribly through it. At the present time itie abating, yet there are many of its victims very ill. Business here has eoihewhat improved of late. This possibly will he received with the proverbial " grain of salt " by outsiders when - they are told that one of our leading Chinese firms, Sing A Fat, haB just been'added to the list of insolvents. That certainly looks like hard times or that rice is very scarce and dear or business dreadfully dull. I think the secret is' that John has had " too many irons in the fire." The blind performers from the North; Adelaide Industrial School gave a concert in our institute-hall last evening which. waB well patronized and appreciated. I understand our cavalry corps numbers' between 40 and -60, and it is evident the men are energetically preparing themselves to be efficient and brave .defenders of our hearths, homes, and country. Kersbrook, November 18. We were favored with a.leetureon Monday ; evening,- it being the closing -of the' session of our mutual improvement. society. Mr. Charles Cross delivered his popular lecture on "Love, Courtship, and 'Marriage"' to a very large audience. ' The advice imparted will" long "be' remembered. Mr. Cross has'a pleasant manner of introducing humor, and.: for nearly two hours lie kept the attention of an. appreciative audience. Mr^Bell, the president, occupied the: chair; - Some were compelled to stand the whole time, the room being so full.. An earnest desire was ex pressed thatMr. Cross would again visit us and deliver another lecture. ~ Clarendon, November 17. On Friday, November 13, a banquet wag tendered in the Oddfellows'-hull to - the members for Noarlunga. ■ The . 'Hon.' T. Playford and the Hon. J.G.-Jenkins repim sented the Ministry, and there "Were also present the Hon. Jenkin-jColea {Speaker) and other members of Parliament. The affaiif was a great success and the attendance' fairly ; representative. After a number of speeches had been'made mid-toasts drunkthe parlia mentary party left for town about.10 p.m. On the public holiday on November 9 our village presented a lively appearance. - About 500 visitors were present, and among others a party consisting of seven drags and traps con-; taining the members of the Sir William; Robinson Lodge, TT.A.OD. On the 9th inst. aericket match was played on the local ground between the Port Centrals : and Clarendon team and was'won by the local men. On Saturday, 14th inst., a game was played between the Hiteham Club and j the Clarendon team, and When stumps were drawn the local .men were all out for 174 runs, while the visitors had one wicket down for 21. Langhorne's Creek, November 17. Haymaking is now bosoming general. The j yield , in most instances is extremely light, varying from 6 cwt. to 1 ton per acre. The wheat harvest promises to be much better than was'anticipated some little time-ago. Snakes are very plentiful near the lake.,. Two men employed on one of the stations in that vicinity have- killed -more than 250 daring the shearing- time. It is a pity that, people have no definite knowledge to gnide them in distinguishing between venomous and non-venomous snakes. - Farmers in this district are beginning, but; very slowly, to find oat the immense advan^j tage of ensilage over hay and dry grass for feeding milking cows. When we remember; that more than one-third of. the..weight 'of bay is lost -when stacked it ferns' only like: business to adopt that plan whichwill con serve to us that one-third, which would "be considerable were the stack large; ~ Mr. Q-. B. Cleggett made silage last year with yery successful results. Mr. W, T." Binney" "has j put in about 40 tons of hay this year, 5 and there is reason to hope sncoess will attend his efforts. - Our local boatbuilder,Mr. Fred. Potts, has j jnstcompleted an ontrigger racing skiff of the following dimensions :—Length 18 ft..6, im, breadth 19 in., depth 7 in. With the. exception of sitting-room for the oarsman she is covered in, is built of kauri planking, and' weighs 68 lb. This boat is no exception i to the rule of -racing boats of this class in the fact that she is very difficult to sit. . Her., builder,; who. is a 'practical oarsman of long ^ experience, has not yet mastered her in this respect'. - - The influenza epidemic is abating. Very few fresh oases are ooourring, and those that do are not of such a virulent type as was. prevalent some few weeks ago. 