i uv./. .?!'.< ifi) '.-lil-l <! - ' .'tli.r i.'j GREAT BUSH, FIRES IN.RTVERTNA - : . Yery.iextensive hush fires are reported- to have i taken plaoein .centra) Riverina,. doing, a large j amount of damage!'-' Th6l fire'1 is "stilted 'to' have started on Melrose station, an. tphave. been caused by the carelessness of travellers. Tlie ! .fire took an easterlv course, and unread ranidlv I 'riritil-it had travelled a distance of 30 miles._ It I th'eri' tuf riedin "a southerly direction/ 60 miles : north of Condojlqliil.g /Fp'rty-ejghtf hours later, it ! was .within 20 iriiles of tlie town and travelling ; ab.;thp;rato pf lO, , miles, an.hour.ithe wind blp.Wr ; ing. a perfect gale at tlio time. Tout's station , at- Melrose, , Plains .was, swept joverj/the station' buildings being saved with difficulty Condo- bblin"station,Was,thoit.atta'cked, .and mist of "the grass destroyed: "'pa.Giil.riin, ttiere-.are a.large luimhor of 'selectors' holdings/ arid in'mos't'cases their places -were burnt 'out. . The fire also took sovoral Dcrewang'selectibns, travelling'through the dry scrub at .a/rapid' .'.rate. Efforts were mado,Abyi'burning;.tracks;' to keep the 'flrd iri check/hut, owing ti> the foi'ce'bf the gale, these attejnp'ts- were .ineffectual."; The. houses of. the seieotprs Wgrjg' jn f nwat instances saved;'! but graks,: fencing/ and/haystaoks were destroyed, and it js, estimated/that fully 20,000.slieep- wore bqrned.,'.,From ,first ;itq last,.; the extent" of opiintix-ibdrhcd -is/calculated to he 120. miles long:byil2 .miles Wido!-' Telegraph: ' « ''i' r-'i-.q!; :J-'. -< \- Early iasfemonfii' a/mail.' hag, coritairiing re-, gistered letters andflettersmn aervice, between Alhury and Urnna, waB-found between Malionga and the latter; place; with': the' bottom put of it arid tlie letterk extracted."' Suspicion. ( fell on a lfejr riained -Her bCrt HilCock/ Who was employed pjr jthtj miiil 'contractor, but he ' Stoutly denied his jjuilb. ' /A! littlo while afterwaids Hilcock ivas fouhd' 'griilty, on a charge.of tho larceiiy .qf somq clothing, arid served a.,' short . sentence in Grana loolc-up.— On his discharge, the - -Albury police were advised that he was going to Albury, and he, might attompt to change some of the .cheques, and notes, the proceeds of tho mail robbery/ The police on Monday, ascertained that Hilcock had arrived 'iri' Albury;' ftn'd Was ! ritopiping at an hotel-:on ;.the;outskirts of the -itowrirlwhereiip'on they instituted inquiries which,res'ulted in. trac ing to his possession one of the stolen notes — thejnumbors of which were .knpwn-rhe lhaving cashed -it with the. publican with whom he was staying. He was then apprehended. Hilcock is-17 yedrs of aAuoiip.-ii -i.- Female martyrs: to! kidhey'' arid' urinary com plaints are vory numerous. -Tho delicate organism of itho gsntlet sex reiidCrs ib fur nibr'O susceptible- to hurtful < influendos: than the- hardier -male "sys tem. For the various ailments peculiar to women, as well as for the hysteria, pains' in the hack and loins; and nervous debility to which they give rise/ Wolfe's- Schnapps is a potent and pleiBint remedy. Throat- Affections and Hoarseness.— Alt suf fering from irritation of tho throat and hoarseness will "bo agreeably surprised at the almost imme diate rolicf afforded by the uso- of "Srown's Bvonohial ' Troohes." ThCso ' fatuous ' " lozenges " are now sold by most rospsotable chemists in this country at lF;Ujd per box. ' People troubled with a "hacking cough," a "sliglit eold," or bronchial affcotions, cdunot try them too' soon, as- similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pulmonary and asthmatic affections. See that the words " Brown's Bronchial Troches " are on the Government Stamp around each box. Prepared by John. I. Brown and Sons, Boston, United States, Kuropoaa depot 33, Farringdon Road, London, England ; h Valuable Discovery for the Hair. — If your hair is turning' grey, or" White, or falling off, use " Tlie Mexican Hair Roiiewor," for it will posi tively restore in every case grey or white hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagree able smell of most ''Restorers!" It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as pro'noting the growth of hair on bald spots, where the glands aro not dcoayed. Ask your chemist for — "Tho Mexican Hair Renower," Bold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere, at 3s 6d por bottle, Wholesajo depot, 33 Farringdon Road, London, ' KeAtino's Couok Lozenges cure coughs, aBthma, bronciiitis. Medical testimony' stateB that no other mcdioino is so effectual in the cure of these dan gerous maladies. . One lozenge! alone gives easy, ouo or two at bedtime ensures rest. For relieving difficulty of breathing they are invaluable. They ; contain, no opium, nor any violent drug. Sold by all chemists, in tins, la ljd and 2s 9d eaoh. 