Australasian. Queensland Parliament prorogued to 5th May. ' Federation Convention getting along swimmingly now. s Military encampments in all the colonies Very much in the wet. Elevenfatdories in Auckland shut Up in .con- - sequence ol fee boot- makers' strike. D&suop; ctiiw yu Bfiiwruig uyui uuuaiuu ACI W. at Norfolk Island, is improving in condition. The Albury" Pastoral,Agricultural , find Hor ticultural Society offers . ih . prizes at next show £1,300. The New South Wales Agricultural Society's annnai show opened oh Thursday by the Governor. - Sir GorgoGrey has been, nominated for the seat for NeWlon in the N.Z. House of Repre sentatives. - Mr. Shirley Raker, formerly Premier of Tonga, arrived at Auckland from America by the R.M.S. Alameda. The Earl and Conntess'of Onslow, with Lord and Lady Charles Scott and party have returned to Auckland from Rotorua, A movement on foot in Newcastle to raise a memorial to 4l»e - late Mr. James Fletcher, M.L.A., New South Wales. Qaemidand'e railway commMmoPWS.f8 missing empires who openlysympathne wi to the insurrectionary shearers. James Hyde committed suicide in tteEnrm- gration Barracks at Brisbane on Saturday morningby hanging himBelf. » - _a Melbourne Unrrareity rowing by the Sydney Umversity Rowing dab, and driven round Sydney in a drag. Athol Beletti, son of a Tasmanian police superintendent, accidently shot and killed while duck-shooting at Glenorchy. Welcome rains throughout Australia. caltifMiii -ffpritiga, the blue msh freshens, and the pg faee flourisheth like a rose. The intercolonial cricket match between Queensland and New South Wales resulted in a victory for the visitors' by 32 runs Queensland shearers weakening a good deal. The arrests and the wet weather seems to have cooled their revolutionary ardour muehly. The draft 11 Constitution Bill" of the Commonwealth of Australia has been submitted to the Federal Convention by Sir Samuel Griffith. „ The first eight-oared race in Tasmania at Hobart, on Saturday, between theTamar arid Derwent Club, the former won from start to finish. Tasmania rejoices in the rains which have spoilt her Easter holidays but extinguished her bush-fires and freshened up her crops and pastures. Last Friday Donellan defeated Young in a sculling match for £50 a-side. Donellan will r challenge Stephenson for the championship of Tasmania. Sir Thomas Elder sends out another exploring expedition to Central Australia. David Iindsay goes in command, with F. W. Leech as his lieutenant. Match betwesn Neil Maiterson and C. Stepheeon for £100 a side on the Parramatta River won by the latter on Thursday, by several lengths. A general break-up of the long spell of dry weather in South Australia set in- last Saturday, and fairly soaking rains are reported from meet parts of the colony. A large number of his employes presented Mr. Muecke, the German consul at Adelaide, with an iliuminatod address on the eve of his departure for Europe. ' Bartholomew Dolan, seventeen years of age, resident of Penrith, was killed by a train on Good Friday evening. She was going to church at the time of the accident. : Mr. Reeve, the N.Z. Minuter of Education, is utterly opposed to any scheme for raising the schoofage, lowering the standard, or ohwjging fetei in toe higher -standard. - South Australian Mounted Rifles grumbling deeply in Camp becaurtr there are 'no trains to take them ana.their homes home. Theraihhas come, and they want to work. \- James Gay, who shot his brother-in-law, David Strubbs at Plattshurg, near Newcastle, has been arrested, by ordr of the Attorney- General of Hew Soutii Wales, on a charge of wilful murder. Body found near Glen Osmond, 8. A, iden tified as that of Alfred .Corby Hillary, of Norwood, aged fifty-four years. The medical evidence showed that the deceased died from the brain being injured. Dulhuntly, formerly Crown lands officer at Corowa, committed for trial on a charge of . Lady Jersey has already made a big bidito rapnjarity in South AtorfwOa, duSd a. poem on the level of Parkea'fi toa; at the Federal banquet. 1 stusf be better than Parkes'a own poetry. At the Adelaide Easter eneamjmenAMajar General Downes said that if the Mounted valuable portions of the Austeahia defence force; At Botany. James Guthritiroioevem years of age, dived mto a waterbole after bis little boy 'a hat and id i aot e agam. body was recovered about two hours axtCT wards. It is supposed that he died from heart National Juvenile Industrial Exhibition onened at tiie Exhibition-building, Prince Alfred Park, Sydney, last Saturday, by Lord A laxge choi of Stete-schoof chiTdn sgtbe "Australian Anthem," and "Fede rated Australia," speciaHy composed fcr the occasion. James Erwin was drowned in Sydney Har bour last Sunday. He was - out with three companions in a centre-board ba» when a eliebt puff of wind struck her and she capozea. The o&mcs; (dang to the keel of the boat, but Erwin sank. Death has been busy in the ranks of Australian politidans of late. The death-roll includes the Hon. G. D. Langridge, Sir Francis Murphy (Victoria) ; the Hon. T. Macrossan (Queensland), and the Hon. David Ben (South Australia). There are, besides, two vacancies in the Sydney Assembly in consequence of the deaths of Messrs. J. R. Street, and James Fletcher. ; 