[?] Tag above Board net at tiheir offioes, Besudesort, on Monday last, when all the members were present. A special meeting was held first for the purpose of con firming the By-law and on the motion of Mr. Collins seconded by Mr. Quatermain, 44 Tbat the By-laws, as drawn out, be confirmed/ was carried unanimously. The minutes of last general meeting were next read and confirmed. . The chairman read a letter from Manager of New South Wales, re the overdraft and his reply thereto. The outward correspondence from last meeting was next read, and the new corres pondence contained the following : — From Messrs. Smellie and Co., acknow ledging cheque. From Joseph Bryant, of Kerry, asking permission to open a catch drain on the road . near his property, to keep it from damaging hifl cultivation ; and, also, to take out a few trees standing in the road. The Board agreed to the same provided the trees were grubbed or cut level with the ground. From E. Doyle, asking to be taken on as a maintenance man at £'1 10s. jujr week, also stating that he had a horse and dray in case it should be required. A reply was to be sent stating that a man had already been appointed. From D.Enrifcbt, asking the refund ment of. the £5 he was lined at the Police Court, Beaudesert, some months ago, for driving five horses contrary to the ByJaw. The Board decided to write to Enright that \- .'after the Governor-io-Council had confined \- *- 'the' now By-law the Board would re -consider the case. From Public Lands Department, asking acknowledgment of Deeds re Henderson. From S. W. Greenwood, of Christmas Creek, stating that he had sold part of his selection to Mr. Egan, and that Egan would pay the rates for the same ; as. this had not been iutiuiated previous to tbe issuing of rate notices it was decided to hold Greeuwood liable for same. From Messrs. S. Davis and Sean, re the opening of road near Begreggan, and offer* ing to dn the same at 2s. 6d. per chain. It was decided for the Overseer to report for necfe meeting . From John Saville, agreeing to exchange through his property. It waa decided that the Overseer iuspect and report on sauie. From C. Marks, stating that he and Mr, Sanderson had audited the half yearly ac cuutitsand had found there had been no profit and loss accounts kept It was ordered that the clerk procure a lodger for that account. , . Petition from residents on Pal en Creek; asking that a suui of £15 or £20 be spent on tho river crossing. It was decided tbat Messrs. Collins aud Tilley iuspect same and report for next meeting. The letter standing over from the July meeting re the opening of a road through portion 56v, parish of Palen, Mr. Collius moved and Mr. Walker seconded ' that the road be made through portion 13 for the present, as suggested by the owner of BOv.' Mr. Mylett proposed an amendment 'that the road through portion 50v be now opened,' seconded by Mr. Tilley. Only two showed for the amendment wd seven toe the original motion, which was carried. A letter from Geo. H. Taylor, of July date, re part of same road. The Overseer was ordered to inspect and report for next meeting. Tho Overseer's report was tiext read : — Ho. 1 gang had completed the gravelling and draining of Telemon road near the racecourse aud the Porridge pot. This gang will commence tho Christmas Creek road from O'Neil's to Blockey's flat. No. 2 gang were on the road from Woodhill to Scrubby creek. The repairs to Kerry bridge and the hand rail to culverts near L. Dunn's wore completed. Contract No. 4, satisfactorily completed. This road mar Mr. Robinson's, of Dingo-head, was in a very bad state and required attention. It was decided for Mr. Collins to inspect the latter and also interview Mr. Robinson re alteration of road at this place. It was also agreed tbat an extra £10 be spent from O'Neil's to Blakey'a fiat. It was agreed that two new piles be driven to Bromelton bridge and the others braced to thcui. The Ovcraeer was ordered to clear all bridges .and culverts of debris and grass in case of bush-fires. It was also agreed to fence the catch draius uear the Porridge pot. The Overseer was instructed to report on road from Jimboomba Bridge leading to Manning's. Mr. Lahey introduced Mr. E. Harrison, of -jCedar Creek, who bad met with an ?abcideutVih a road near his place in October 1889- And of which Mr. Harrison had in structed his solictor (Mr. Leeper) to make &' claim. 'to the Board last April. The Bo aid asked Mr. Harrison to submit a claim in writing and they would further consider I it seeing that tbe road in question was now I . . in the Tambourine Division. . . I After the passage of tbe finances the meeting adjourned. j During August the amount deposited in . the Government Savings Bank of Queens laud increased by £3363. The Chinese of South Australia are pre* tenting a petition to the Legislative ? -Assembly pointing out certain serious hard ships euteiled by the existing legislation with reference to restriction on Chinese im . migration. Hebe ib a specimen of how letters are sometimes addressed (says the Tweed Advo cate) and which will be difficult to beat : — j Head Telegrahm Master Willoonbarah , Tweed New South Wales dont Know nans name | This was received at the local office early last month. The writiug is fairly good. Vr. John Blanc writes at f .llowa. — Fortitude Valley. March, 1891.—' I can bear confident testimony to the value of St. i Andrew's liniment, as prepared by Rev. J. 1 ? Stewart. About a year ago, my nephew suffered from a painfal gathering in hta shoulder joint, which was opeoed in two places i by the doctor, and which discharged for weiks, I 4 until it beeroed as if the joint was destroyed ' hopelessly. After two months terrihle j . suffering. th& doctor said be feared he would , ntver use his arm again ; this was aad news to I faim, as he wan one of the principle supporters | ot hiswidowed mother j and as he was so low i spirited I sskel Mr. Stewart to call and cheer : him up. He did so, aod having examined hi* arm, then qriite powerless, be advised the as* of his Liniment. Tbe improvement was I steady and rapid, and a surprise to evebybody j who saw it. My nepbe«r has returned to bis ; business, and is perfectly strong, and we | attribute his recovery largely due to the use i of tbe liniment. I reoommend any one suffering from Bbeumatism, stiffness of t'ie joists or musoles, or indeed any of the cum* ' plaints for which it is recommended, ,to give i ft a fair trial. '-ITuH particular* from the R*v Jab. SrxwuiT, -New Earm,«r M&; tt. P. Ajuvs, 142 Quseu-Jtreet, Brisbane. 