A Revolutionary Letter. The following is a copy of one of the letters found upon Taylor, the delegate, and the Acting-OChief Becretary is informed this is only a sample of very many others written in a similar strain. It bears the stamp of the Contral District Council of Barcaldino, 11th March, 1891:-" Geo. Taylor, C.D.O., orga niser. Dear Sir,-Your letters of the 8th received yesterday. Sorry for the bit of a squabble, end hope the chaps won't drop in for hard times. If they do, and some more follow suit, I suppose all hands will have to make a rush, .and fetch them back again. If the armed forces and unionists were about equal, would our men be willing ? Suppoc ing they failed, have you any plans for a get-away, etc., etc. ? You say the men are firm, and take you all your time to keep them quiet. Send a few partiesof two and three. Organeing until the 23rd. We have had seven and eight organisicg parties out some weeks, with surprising success, and have made arrangements for the same class of work being done from Hughonden, Wintan, Muttaburra, Adavale, Charlevillo, Ounnamulla, Thargomindah, &c.;, &c.; Send three or four strong parties of horsemen round all the stations in your district, and give them a free hand, not as a whole body, but that two or three may do a night's ride when a chance occurs. About the railway men, we will arrange here, and if necessury at head quarters. You cannot fight forces. Keep the forces employed in detail, and they won't use their big guns. Send 80 or 40 good men to act with Meteor Downs men in Springsure. Have you or your agents got a direct answer from the members of the military? Would they in large numbers hold their hands while your crowd surrounded and secured the lot? Remember the Commune. See if the thing is possible in Olormont. Received a wire that 100 came here from Gympie and Bunda berg. Will have a try, and think it over with your committee only. The back country men will do their duty. Have patience for that. A few little bush-fires have occurred, and Maneroo shed has been struck by light: ning. Thirteen scabs have been arrested at &eaneroo;, and are being conveyed to camp. We are getting three or four scabs every day off the train. Dies is in charge at Hughon. den. A. J. Brown left this morning to take charge of Charleville, Ormsby, Adavale, Fanning, Cunnamulla and the Burden, and Kewloy up the Bareoo. A Winton man is to be appointed, and ditto at Muttahurra. Moro was recalled under a cloud. When the call-out has taken effect, more arrange ments will be made. Expenses only will be allowed non- organisors. Ormsley and Curtis give half their wages while the strike lasts. Re the motion on clothing: Cannot enter. tain it for two or three weeks. We must be assured of more funds, and if we once start giving there will be no end. The expenses are more than we at present dare face. You will please lay the whole of this before your committee, and take into consideration, not from an ordinary strike view, but from one of determined resistance, that is all over the colony, and now getting to sch a state when nothing but a square look between the eyes will arrive at any purpose, and determination must go with it. Yours, very truly, (signed),W. Pothergill, secretary, Ef.W.J.B3. Stamp of Central District Coun cil, A.L.F., Barcaldine." Before Chief Justice Lilly, the Grown showed cause to-day why bail should not be refused to H. Mathew, R. Eaynor, T. Rior dan, C. Bohull, W. M'Artney, confinees in Rockhampton gaol, for taking part in the Clermont riots. A letter from Fothorgill to Taylor was read, with an affidavit of the Chief Seeretary. A number of documents of a similar nature, are in the possession of the Crown. Judge Lilley said that he saw no evidence to indicate that the accused would fail to stand their trial. He admitted each to bail in his own bond for £800, and two sureties in £400 each, the sureties to be residing in Rockhampton. The Chief Justice's action hds greatly pleased the labour party, but is bitterly complained of in official circles. The Crown have taken steps to re arrest all the men upon another count immediately they are released. Upon the resumption of the trial of the shearers charged with conspiracy at Clermont to-day, the police produced all the docu ments found upon ¶aylor and other labour leaders. The magistrate stated that lihe would take a week to peruse them, and it was arranged that he should go through them himself. Beveral rioters recognised in court, were arrested. A letter of Mr. lEd. ward Murphy, Secretary of the Queonsland Labourers' Union, Maranon Branch, Roma, to George Taylor, was also put nto as evidence. The following is an extract :-"Forrester has gone down to Noondoo, 50 scabs having come over the border to there. Think they will remember Forrester before he has done with them. Do you not think it a mistake collecting all our men at the ter minus of the railways. I think you had better split them up into bodies of 150 in, each party. Let me stop at Olermont. Asother towards Tambo, another outside stations, such as Bowen Downs, Ayrshire Downs, Richmond Downs, Manuroo, West lands, Northampton, Malvern Hills Bay, 160 in the Maranoa district, and the same quantity below St. George. Keep them con tinually moving about. The Government have not got one-tenth the police required to watch them. As we are now camped, the ssame number of police can watch your men as would be required to watch half the number on every station. If 150 came here they would demand protec tion; also, at every town they passed through. As it is now, the protection they receive at Olermont is taken away from other towns all over the colony. Roms has beeoon a long time with only two policemen ; whereas, if the men were scattered as I say, they could not take the police from one place to send them to another. Then, if you wanted to make a grand coup at any time, you could wind mounted messengers round, and have all your forces concentrated at a given poinc, away from the railways, if possible, and force the running by a little more devil in the fight. 'What chance would the police or the defence force have against bushmen when in their own element in the heart of the bush? They would have no trains to cart them and their Gatling guns, cannon, and Nordenfeldte about. They would find their work cut out to shift for themselves abaut." Up to this afternoon, sixty.four shearers are under arrest, charged with conspiracy, in. timidation, rioting, seditions, libel, inciting to rescue, and minor offences connected with thile strike. 