? l Scrambling for the chairmanship of thé new Metropolitan Board of Works. Prize £2000 a year ! Federal Conference : still orating. Victorian • debates»- ^setting? np fheir -Gmiers^f the Cape Verdp ealléd Tipon i to remove the sunken wreck. " Easier^ M' i Large ' Wp^-ôf^ Ôw ««Idony 'bein^ prepared by Government for use in the Imperial m» institute, JinfliriiaTi Jjondon. Q uàrreling ;/between fllïi thé ^ ï Minister ifini. pf Defence and the Colonifd Ammunition Company. A case of red-tape over a testing range. Victorian railways shows an increased, traffic of £6,500 over conespoding week of last week. Nothing said aboutincreased expenditure. A storekeeper o! Yallock recovers £151 from the Cranbourne Shire for damages sustained through a mud- hole in a road. Another victim to the land boom. A South Melbourne builder goes for £46,000..- Shearing dispute in Queensland still critical. Unionists menacing, 'Government replying with more troops. Rodney farmers protest'in pnblic meeting against the " alarming expenditure" for irrigation. Talk of being ruined by debt.. , , r. Sydney had" 4 in. of rain in three hours oh Sunday*, Heavy rains also .in the border ranges ; will get to cJippslahd in time. Store burnt down at Geebng o*> Monday. - Large quantity of . farm produce destroyed, damages £5000. Mr Justice A'Beckett granted seven divorces on Monday. Query—are all marriages made in heaven? Troops assembling for the Easter manœuvres. Immense mimic gallantry expected. The amalgamation of South Melbourne with Melbourne City not augering well. A contention over the rating. The front of a building suddenly collapsed on Monday, and buried two workmen. One killed on the spot, the other seriously injured. * ; Another intercolonial squabble as to whether N.S.W. or Victoria is the richer. The former claims £400,000,000 the latter £416,000,000. ÎTho shall decide ? A cripple struck a woman over the head in Richmond with his crutch for sitting on his doorstep. Cimmitted for unlawful wounding. Phelan, the Prahran murderer, executed on Monday at Melbourne gaol. The man " stoically met his end." Justice Hodges still wading through the list of contributors' to the Per- $.S. The mihappy shareholders don't like it. "Flash" pickpockets very busy in Melbourne. Detectives estimate-300 are at work, the majority visitors from Sydney. An Episcopalian church in N.S.W. destroyed by fire on Sunday. Nearly _ 10,000 counterbrand cigars seized at Sydney ou a China steamer. ; Journeyman' bakers 'striking in Queensland for more money and less work. An attempt being niadë tô procure a reprieve for thè Adelaide wife murderer, nn the ground 'that he did not -know what he wâs doing.. Lord Onslow, Governor of New Zealand, has gone on a trip to. the Uriwa country, hitherto closed to Europeans, by invitation of tljp Maories. Three small boys : broke into a store Prâhràn. and stole a quantity of goods. One only aged nine years. . _ Tremendous bush-fires hàVë i ti^n raging this week in Avenel district, several selectors completely burn: out. Fruit is so pleiitifulrabout Echucà And the prices so low; that pigs are being fed with "it. . Wheat is rising in price, 3s 3d being given for prime samples, but it ^ not expected to last. A child 3 years old was burnt to death at. Rushwoith. daring the ; temporary absence of its mother. • : Archdeacon M'Cullagli. of 35and hurst presented with £3W) ànd a ItïàVeiling bag-' priôr to' iisitîhg the old coun- W"' : " . 5 A yo'nng man had a laçky walk -near ;Biushworth on Sunday. " spetic -of^ gold he stopp^ to pick it up, and found a nugget of A boy 14,-years -ot age was thrpWn -from a horse «t Wodonga on and killed against a stump. -hA brutal y oatrage 'was committed in ; Ah old man's dothës,wei« iatsiratei with tain and then set; ori fite, igniting in jthtt .^'^Jsj^ii.^ -i-i The; mysterious fireà "at Im Palâce Hotel not yet'done wi&. of conspiracy and perjmy Jiow ofeing jonght. 