'THE TO 1QI® SHSAIIISBS' ^OTHAS. .Another he d probably last chance of preventing the spread cf the (i,ueens1and ' bush-fire' to the southern colonies is pr- santed by the lettar from the Secretary of the Amalgamated Shearers' Union to the PastoralUts' Union again request ing, in terms, apparently, of much genuine earnestness, a free, unconditional conference. Mr. Temple's letter is so admirable in tone as to leave, to our thinking, the pa&toralists; no alter native, if they would avoid a terrible respon sibility, but at once to accede to the request, and, as he puts ifc, ' agree to meet us in fair, square conference^ BO as to diocu-s our differences like rational beings and thereby remove the angularities that are causing irritation and ruinous friction be tween the two parties as well as engendering an uncomfortable feeling in tho public mind.' It is something more, we fear, than ' angularities ' whieh is causing the trouble, though certainly there are plenty of those, but the long word may : be let pass in view of the thoroughly good opirit in which it is proposed t:- round the angulavi tiea off. ' We oanaot understand,' he adds, 'bos? any body of rational men can object to bucIi a fair, equitable pro posal.' Well, the pastoralists may rest assured that the public are beginning to find it ? difficult to understand the same thing. Un doubtedly in their mind there is an ' uncom fortable feeling' and it is that the pastoralis's are rather courting a quarrel than ansion3 to avoid one, it may be in the assured hope of ulti mate victory, but even so, careless of the public cost. Now the public have a r;gbfc to demand that tbey shall not be exposed in this contest to ' any possibly avoidable risks, which cerfa'nly can not be said v bile the expedient of a fair, open conference as a means of settlement remains un tried. At aiy rate it is clear tbat the pre vious pretest for rafusjl will not avail in the ' present case, for here are pretty well all the eon ditionB insisted upon virtually conceded. The '' objections to the pastornlists' one-Bided agreement 'are fully set forth, the main one being that it is one-sided, and even as to the much-vexed ' free dom of contract,' it is explained that the shearers mean by that term just what the squatters mean —only a little nriv. If it is true that the letter '?'' might be more explicit on that po'nt, it is also 1 tcne that it is jaet on thia poiat that a fete and friendly diacuasioa between the two partieo is most needed. Why should it b^ refused when on the one band there is the possibility of the state of things in Queensland being experienced in the ? southern colonies, and on the other the probability, , _, as the letter eloquently expresses it, that ' a *' friendly conference would make affairs as pleasant I as the flowers that bloom in spring ' ? Even the somewhat supercilious Mr. Whitely King may be ' moved, it is to be hoped, by so touching an appeal aB that. 'V The friends of Mr. T. C. O'Mava, B.L.,will be *'? pleased to Eeethat he has been appointed Uiown 5 -* Prosecutor at Tats for the c-ii3uinp, Circuit Com t. . -JPor something like sis months Mr. O'Mara has .v'-bedn in delicate health, and it is to be hoped that .' he ia returning to ru4 professional duties with re 1 newed energy and strength. * The British Government have declinod to cp *???' point Mr. Michael Davitt to o ceafc on tLo Laiootjr ''? Oommisaioa. ;.. /?v Lobd Ber-consfteld xms once asked to pjive a f '. Tory Equire's two eons eouw striking advice. r. Dizzy, alter a pause, said, 'To you, my rocom ' mendation is — Don't try to fathom the myotesy , '';ibf the Mania the Iron MueL-. Don't youbotheryour !/ i ? liead ;alout who v/rote tho letters oi: Juniuo.' ' ^;.,!Whea d colleague io caked r, like que tion he sub ' , etitutea '? Moloney' for the Man in the Iron Musk, ' : and Letto's Diary for the letters o2 Juniue. 