Oiffras: agnn the iclistrict has been swept Lj?|»Bh .£reB. . In ja iew oit feonre, toonsands of -nias haviebeendeanded of ieveiyidung toat would burn. ' -A; IMMed'Blre1 srresiBtujie, 'Wfttere Hie; rich paBfcdrea of the fiavotuileSpriiiggtF'in bonn- femams to zobevpednllnessola-vato area of pazehel -blackened earth. 33»e stoiyotfbe Rres lias -een told in .Word-picfcore-ds Inrid acnough, tis tow. jtrlct, is.SoS'MtSieeAenirig. l JMuHwli jj'.'WlF-TWhrsTI til <b9g a and continuous industry to getting to gether, piece by piece, patiently and I&bouriously;, first the little home and then toe hundred auxiliaries which help to make home life beautiful, and are therefore fee helpfal to tiie pioral ias they are grateful to the physical man, have in % few hours been rendered homeless, aimoet destitute. .Scores of otiiers have seen their crops, hay stacks, grass and fencing practically obliterated. Stock has suffered terribly from -the -fires .aud will pro bably in many instances shflfer worse tortures yet for the want of food ; and the efforts of many industrious men have, for the time bring at least, been completely paralysed. Tbe hearts of our people are always in the right place, and soon as the tale of distress was told, their first impulse was as worthy as it was happily characteristic of toem. Help for toe sufferers "was the primary and pressing need, -and help for toe suf ferers has been coming in, from all sources, in a fashion, which shows that the sympathy excited is to be limited by the capacity of the givers, not by any feeling of penuriousness. This is as it shonld.be. We do not claim on behalf of - the -givers that they are doing a work of exceptional generosity; we are certain that none of them would urge such a claim. The circum stances are such that a duty has de volved upon them as imperative as it is sacred. To the honour of our citizens it is only fair to say that they have been prompt to respond to the call of duty, and have regarded at its true value the privilege of acting as the instruments of Providence. So far so good. The ' question now is : What further ought to be done 1 Positively every Summer bush fires do a large amount of damage in the district. This year's experience has been worse than usual, but every year somebody has to suffer severely. Does human ingenuity, which has accom plished so much in other directions, offer absolutely no solution of the problem which presents itself 1 Does it suggest no preventive means which, even in a degree, might be found effective I We do not overlook diffi culties. Unhappily they are only too manifest. Bat we are not disposed to quietly accept the dictum of anybody, that the disease is one for which there can be neither remedy nor palliative. ; In view of the experience in towns and cities, to say nothing of the bush, ; we may admit at once that no amount of human effort will render the outbreak of fires even impro bable, until science comes to our aid and furnishes us with a new antagonistic force. But if we cannot get absolute results at present, there is no reason wby we should sit down with folded arms, and accept what we choose to think is inevitable with tbe blind fatuity of fatalists. Comparative results may be attainable, and efforts would be well spent in endeavouring to achieve them. It is not for us to suggest a definite scheme. That would simply be au impertinence. We simply propose that to devise some means of checking outbreaks of bushfires during the few months of each year, that danger may be expected from that source,should not be beyond the bounds of possibility. Broad as the acres are, scattered as the settlement in some part of the district, we are assured that care, watchfulness, and a capacity for ar finer nnnn a settled and well understood plan, in the hour of need, would do mnch to mitigate the ills — .LI-L .li ciy»m».k>VUK -forth. __We spend a lot of money m this country every year in guarding ourselves against an enemy who has not come yet, probably may never come at alL Bat by way of preparation against the foe within, a foe from whom we may expect a challenge as soon as the first hot wind of tbe season tells us that we are not to imagine ourselves lingering ing'theSpring.whatdo we dot Here and there a few plough furrows are made around tbe paddocks, and a' certain sort of watch is kept. We are not aware that preparations of a more serious character are often made, in deed we are reasonably certain that they are not. Ho wonder, then, that when the fire fiend comes, he has so much of bis own way, that the force brought againBt him is seldom adequate and that great suffering is caused year after, year. To our minds, bush fires ought to be regarded by all, liable to suffer directly from their effects, as an enemy against whose ravages wise and - systematic measures should be taken.' There: should be a carefully elaborated plan : of defence drawn up, and every man concerned should know his place and his duty. To this end combination is in the first place necessary. Graxiers, farmers, eveiybody living or holding property within the area liable to be affected, should unite to protect an in terest that is common. Let them come together, draw up tire scheme of defence on tactical -principles,' appoint their captains and their pickets, de termine upon the most effective weapons to -he-employed, and- -then await the issue with toe confidence of men, who feel strong in the knowledge - of having prepared for an emergency. Wa ffTo «lif. mnfiim .'fn . plan of campaign. We .contend only on common-sense principlssihst one is necessary, and toatlf those concerned took counsel together they would find that one was possible. Experienced bnshmen would,, no doubt, be ready, with suggestions at the proper time, and there would be: all .tHe' differerice in toe world . between the' n'ri.£nnP under which toe riiemy, always -tome as a surprise, and those under which it was carefully : watehed '-ffor : and found everybody on toe ' alert iii the hourtof pfriL r A. defence scheme, such 6S5 fire Bttire33n Sour; fiiinds, post - a.few. ..hundreds . each great, but what of ;that1; The amount would simply ' be ' an insurance premium, wbich noneuhould object to P»y- i Ecqnomically'. vjt . ;may be , de- fendpd i Jforpjst And smee toesJjnatave must be felten.giny%re, - dp .upt Iqapw, work 3of -afoore-ressentiaUypcacticai chaihfferifdr titepastoralaad agri«ai.: toia<B6CTeti''''"TBeir reason Of bring' is to conserve i.toe ;interests of those Mjp.tofeoajcrops, but turn out, contrary to our present opinion, tbat nothing more can be done than is now being done to guard against the ravages of the summer fires. 