WATTLES AND WATTLE AH IqDOHEAHT' ilTDUSTRY. ' The -following interesting "and valuable paper on an industry which Is- increasing in 'importance in $he South was read byMr. JL too Doossa (manager ottbeEebiinga Wattle Plantation .Company) at the. needing of the Hahndorf AgriculturalBureau on Saturday:— From nearly twenty years' close-observation and tenyear*1 practical experience I think I an with confidence speak on a subjectrphjeh iseyery day ^creasing in importance and one Which -is greatly ■ -helping to develop our country and producing interests—namely, the 'cultivation of the-Wattle. Mr. J; fl. Maiden, enrator- of the' Technological Museum, -Sydney, in his book ,on " Wattles and Wattle Barbs" states that there are over 300 kinds of wattles (acacias) in Australia, good; bad, and indifferent,: and that % broad-leaved .wattle of South Australia facacia Pi/ctMtitha) Jsjorie of the ricfceWftapniiag' t&rjks; in tjje Iwprld. |The dSnct ef p<iiimp|b in the Wery>faeaj>t of coimby tbife wonder ful fanning nntail, and iawii^ colbnists are making and intending* to make their livelihood. by_ jrattle-growing itr inessential that in doingsothe-verybest information on "the subjectsbould 'be obtained. The systematic cultivation of the wattle is' only in its infancy, and I have no hesitation in saying ^hat nearly the whole of that strip lof country; (having a width of fTom 15 to 20 miles) from Bapid Baiy. to beyond Blnmberg -yilj in a yeiy few yeara be chiefly used for wattle-growing purposes. "This Is ,4jhe natural home of the broatldeSf jWatile, andTmairitaih' that it is . useless to attempt to' profitably grow wattles 'on ground not. naturally suited toFham or.in any.part pf the country with a rainfall of less than 22 inches. I do not wish it to be understood that wattles^will not grew ' an d -thrive' wel 1 -with a less rainfall, hut quite that amount of moisture is heceSB&ty; foe. the successful stripping of the wattle when it has eome to maturity. _ j According to Mr. J. E. Brown, our late Conservator of Forests, there is not the remotest possibility of the market being over supplied. British and Continental tanners are languishing for ample and continuous supply, and South'-Australia exports in such driblets that many of the large firms in Great Britain have given over UBing our bark and have fallen back on valonia and other barks more fully-and regularly supplied, Beliable leather cannot be produced with an intermittent and inadequate supply of bark, on which the tanner relies when laying down hiB hides; indeed in large yards, such as those with 50,000 hides always in the pits, it becomes a very serious difficulty, attended with anxiety and loss, not to be able through want of sufficiency of bark of one class to work tbem through successfully. It therefore becomes a matter of necessity that the exports of bark should be abundant and regular to such an extent as tanners may confidently rely upon. The export of bark from South Australia for the last six years amounted to-27,450 tons, representing a value of £286,872, and-when it is considered that in that period one-fifth of the quantity exported could be taken by one yard alone it will be easily seen that growers need not fear being able to produce more than will supply the demand. Even in Tasmania, which exports nearly three times the quantity of bark per annum that we do, the. necessity of cultivating' the wattle is receiving the attention of the authorities, aud Mr. F. .Abbot, the superintendent' of the Botanical Gardens at Hobart, says:—"We have so many wattles growing naturally that we have no need to. cultivate them, but tbe destruction is so great that we shall have to do it before long." Both in Victoria and New South Wales the cultivation of the wattle is receiving marked- attention, as throughout Australia the species of wattles richest in tannin are becoming seriously diminished, and there is a consensus of opinion amongst persons interested in the matter that tbe various Governments should encourage the replanting of them. The subject of- wattle-growing will near calm discussion, for we hare much to learn in regard to it ret. So far we hare had to depend chiefly on estimates (which look rery taking on paper) in lieu of statements of results attained. As an - example of the estimates on paper which were given before the Victorian Eoyal Commission onVegetable ProductB Mr. W. Ferguson, " Inspector of State Forests, "Victoria, says:—"I calculate that from the time the seed was sown at the Majorca plantations, Ballaratj in seren years we should get 10 tons of bark to the acrej "that is off trees that were fit for barking at the time. This would be the first thinning ont i then each succeeding year, and for years and years to come, we would get the same result" The soil on which this wonderful result was to be obtained was stated to be so poor that neither grass nor anything else would grow. All yon who have had any thing .to do with growing wattleB will be able to form your own opinion of the above state ment. They may be able to obtain such results in Victoria, hat in South. Australia, even "on the very best and most suitable land, this would be impossible. The best result I know-of is from a 10-acre paddock at Fried richstadt, near Hahnaorf, which after it had been cropped for over 20 years was given a spell, and in abont two years the whole became covered with young wattles (thus showing how long the seed will remain in the ground). . These were eonserred, and-in 11 years after the last cropping, the wattles being then 9 years old, the paddock was stripped, yielding 27 tons of bark, for which the owner got over £300. The soil most suitable for the growth of wattles is of a sandy nature, lying upon a clay subsoil, or on ironstone gravel ridges, which generally produce the best and thickest bark. One frequently notices wattles flourishing naturally on the poorest soil j therefore farmers'should not hesitate when they have snch land, which produces them nothing, to pnt it nnder wattle- cultivation. On the Echnnga Wattle Plantation Company's pro perty wattles can be seen growing luxuriantly on land of the poorest description; in fact it was considered wasting time and labor when this portion of the property was pat nnder cultivation, but the result so far has proved quite the contrary. Some years ago it was thought that stringybark country wbb not adapted for wattle- growing, and to a certain extent there was some troth in it, but it was not on account of the nature of the soil but: the frequency of bnshfires in this cIsbs of country, which almost eradicated the wattles growing thereon. Take the hundred of Koitpo for instance, nearly half of which is stringybark countiy and rpoBt of which has only come into the hands of the people since 1884\. Previous to this, while Crown lands, bushfires would rage for flays and sometimes weeks in this open country, and there- was hardly a part of it which was not burnt at least once in every five years." Since the land has been taken up under miscellaneous leases and fenced those fires have been au exception, each holder of a section or sections using the greatest care to prevent the fires in the summer, and the more the land is cleared and the timfaer killed the less fear there will be of fires in time to come. I now know hundreds of acres of this formerly useless stringybark country covered with splendid crops of young wattles, which in time will repay their owners for their ontlay and trouble. Preparing virgin soil for cultivation is a question on which there are different opinions, but 1 think results will prove that the plan .adopted by the Echunga Wattle Plantation Company is the most correct and cheapest method. Here several experiments have been tried—ploughing in ridges, putting in seeds with hoes, and scarifying. The scarifying has proved the most successful and cheapest plan. The ground proposed to be put under cultivation, say a piece of 100 acres, is during I the summer months cleared, all useless saplings and scrub timber are cut down and with the dead timber and logs lying about the ground are stacked in heaps, ready for burning later on. All the large trees, reserving the best and those useful for timber purposes, are killed by ringing. Then in the month of May, when the fire can be easily, controlled by three or four men, the whole patch is burnt out, and the ground will then be found suitable for a stumpjumping scarifier with a team. of six good bullocks to go over the whole 100 acres in from 25 to 28 days. The ground in this state forms a protection of no mean' value to the young wattles in their, early growth, the useful timber-trees that are left and the standing dead timber being'a great protection against severe frosts in the winter and the hot sun in tl>e summer. - • One of the most important questions to the intending wattle-grower is the procuring of bis seed. 'This is a matter which in time will receive mar?, attention than it does at present, and justly so, for in order to assist the developmentflf w&ttle-oultivation; it is neces sary that the heat seed procurable shogld be obtained. This ban" be.'done only by oare .fully collecting seed from thoroughly healthy, : well-grown, and best liaik- producing trees. | ^e ^sei^-^lebjor willfinil :that'fby indis criminately ejecting ireedin a good seed season it will sot take "him long to procure a hundredweight, but let him carefully select his "trees and. he yrOl find that, he has done a good day's work when he has from 10 to 12 lb. collected. It is a singular fact that the better grown the larger the wattle tree is, and the better the quality of. the hark the less seed will be fonnd od it; whereas rery often from the common, useless scrub wattles, with bark no thicker than brown paper, a large quantity of seed can be collected, fin instance of the importance of procuring the proper seed can be seen .-in-the late Xhn Getliing'e plantation near .Hahndorf. The? -worthy doctor was a great enthusiast. - in wattle-growing and was.tbe first to cultivate wattles by artificial means in: this district.. Some ten or eleven years ago':tbese wattles were planted and should this year produce from two to three tons of- bark to the acre, but the result will.be very,disappointing, and I am afraid it will take about ten acres to produce " one ton of bark. Dr. Gething purchased, the seed, as the "best broad-leaf wattle, from nu Adelaide seedsman, but the result .has proved- it to be the poorest scrub wattle with bark wo-thicker ..and as light as parchment. : Before putting .the seed into the ground it is. jiecesBary, on account of the ex treme hardness of. the "outer covering" of the' seed, "to prepare it for quick® germination. This is "best done by putting what isrequired for one .-'day's - sowing into a .saucepan' or "boiler with, sufficient water tp well cover the seed ; it .is then placed on. not tod fierce a fire Until it commences to simmer and is kept at that point from three to five minutes, when it has to be taken off the fire and left standing. till cooL The seeds are then fit for use, with a guarantee that nearly every one will grow in" "a lew weeks "after being put into-the ground. From a aeries of experiments instituted I obtained the following results:— lOO seeds treated in the above -manner were planted," and 98 germinated; with ouly boiling water poured on them 53 germinated ; and out of 100 Seeds planted without any preparation only'18 grew.. The seeds were all planted on -the same day and on one plot of ground." The whole 98 of the prepared seeds that grew appeared before °ne of the unprepared seeds germinated. The best time for putting the < into the gronnd is in the months of July and August, and when sowing the prepared seed broadcast, previous to running the scarifier over the ground, if on virgin soil, or the harrows over ploughed or formerly cultivated land, care should be taken not to put more -than li lb. of seed to the acre. Say four acres are gone over in a day, the whole should not be sown at one sowing, as on a dry, windy day, before all the seeds | could be covered, those assisted in their I germination through the boiling process would become useless when dried up. Wattle-growers will find the pruning of their trees when four or five years old of great advantage, for the tree when pruned (which must not be done too heavily, and only the lower branches should be cut off) will grow quicker, give a clearer stem, hence easier stripping and at less expense, and the bark will be found to be of better quality and thicker growth than on unpruned- trees. The heat period for pruning is during the months of April and May. The stripping season generally commences in October and in wet years continues- till April. Should the season be favorahle for late stripping I would recommend growers not to commence too early, as during the months of September, October, and "November the trees grow more than in the remaining nine months of the year, and from an analysis of bark (taken from one tree) made by Mr. J. H. Haycraft, of Echunga, the following results were obtained :—For the six months from May to October (inolusive) the per centage of tannin was from 33 to 36 per cent, and from November to April 38 to 39 per cent., thus showing'that out of the season there is a depreciation of tannin in the bark. The exact age at which wattles should be stripped can only be decided by the culti vator's commonsense. - Some growers allow their trees to stand until the bark on them becomes quite black and scaly. This, I think, is very poor policy, as the* bark in that state becomes too fibrous aiid woody and certainly does not contain the same amount of tannin as the smooth-skinned bark from trees aged from seven to ten years. As soon as the tree shows signs of the bark becoming scaly it should be stripped. The time is not far distant when bark will be judged as -critically as wool, and the price paid for it will be according to its strength, age, and condition. I am pleased to say that during the last three or four years growers have shown a greater amount of care in harvesting their hark than in former years. This can be easily done by not tying the hark in bundles in its green state immediately it is taken off the tree, as was invariably the case, as the bark in that condition would take from four to six weeks to become thoroughly dry, whereas, if it . is allowed to* remain for a day or two in small heaps, to partly dry before being tied up, it will be found that in 10 or 12 days after stripping the bark will he fit for the market and be in such condition as nn hnvar oonld cavil at. Since the erection of Messrs. Borrow and Haycraft's tannage factories at Echunga and Littlehampton wattle-growers have been able to make use of their waste (tops, thinnings, and prnnings). in a most profitable manner, and' those factories have to a great extent caused the cultivation of wattles to be more seriously considered. The tops, &c.;, in former years were during or after the stripping col lected, pat in heaps, and burnt, but in thickly wattled country this cooid not be done with- j out risk, and very often theBe heaps would | remain for years covering large areas in paddocks and preventing the growth of either' grass or watttles on those patches. . With the advent of those factories growers have now an opportunity when stripping to at once clear the land, the taps being collected in their green state, tied up in bundles, and carted to the factories, when a former nuisance and useless article is turned into a. profitable i commodity, causing a'large amount: of money to be annually circulated and being a great boon to the working classes. In this natural wattle-bearing area there is room for at least.! seven or eight factories such as that erected at ; Echunga, and it is only a question of time j and capital to see them established. As a preventive and protection against fire in wattle country it is necessary to keep the vegetation in check, and to feed off the grasB depasturing is necessary, but on no account should sheep be allowed to graze among wattles, as they eat the young plants ; so do cattle if the paddocks are overstocked, but I not to such an extent as sheep. Horses can | be safely depastured, qs they do not harm them to any extent. In conclusion I would point out that the ! various district councils in the belt of natural wattle country before mentioned can do a i great deal towards increasing their annual j revenue by paying more attention to the wattles growing on their reserves and road sides than they do at present, and as an instance I may state that about four years ago the District Council of Echunga took the matter in hand with the result that last year the splendid return of £311 9s. 4d. was obtained from wattle bark and tops sold from roads and reserves, whereas the rates collected for that year amounted to only £260 16s. Thus, for a very trifling outlay, the ratepayers | reaped this large benefit and one which for years to come will be a large item in the council's balance-sheets. I trust these notes may contribute matter, worthy of .'reflection, and I think it is I the duty of everyone interested to supply ' any information - that tends to advance an i industry which can he made a most valuable source of revenue both to individuals and to the State. Wolfs'e ScaifAPps is a" standard "medicinal beverage and is highly recommended by medical ] men. 