I THE HOLIDAY IN THE COUNTRY. I (By T_r_oi_PH.J (FEOH ODB COniiE3P0.VD_,T3.) SPORTS AT ORANGE. ORANGE, Monday. On Boxing Day, at the Association Ground, the ninth annual demonstration of tho A O F., Court Littlojohn, was hold. Tho weather was boautiful, and the attendance was over ¿000. The following are the results ot the pnnoipal events - Sheffield Handicap (£_), IV) yards, all comers -A Middleton, Newcastle W yards, 1, Horton, Bathurst, 7 yarda i, Harris, Wiltoughb., 7 j ar Is, ') Gullonti. ltace, poaici under 14 jiands -air G Bell's Bapid, Tst lib, 1 Sir Brown's Paddy the ria'j, _t 41b, 2 Quarter of a Milo li ice -Won by It Adams inendlv bocietj-'s Handicap -J Hicks, 1, E Clayton, 2 Hurdle Rico -HicLs, 1, Clayton, - Bic. du Hace, ellsbinco li milo -Won by A Lomon with 100 varéis start, Mitchell, 2*5 yards, 2 The time for the bicycle race was very slow, tho cou-o was ovci lumpy gruau. _ ARMIDALE, Movday. The Christmas holidays passod ovor quietly. The horse-races on Boxing Day were well attended. Thoro were good fields and good races Everything passed olf satisfactorily. Tho Christmas Gift was won by Mr J. Miller's O B , tho Welter Handicap by Mr bniettle's Calodoman ,. the Oponing one! _are woll Handicaps wore won by Mr P G Marsho's Sampson. A cricket match, Armidale v. Salisbury, was won by Alandale by o foiv runs after a most exciting gains. The weather was delightful. Many visitors coming from Queensland hero are all dohghted with the climate. All tho busiuo33 places were opon to-day. The holiday was only observed by the banks and the Govornmont ofilcos. BRAIDWOOD, Monday. The holidays passed over qnietly hore Tho Jockey Club hold races on Boxing Day. The attendance was rather »mall, but the racing was v ery good, a close fiuish having resulted m noarly overy event The Tlying Handicap was non by Mr R. G. Hassall. Carlo from six starters lïr. J. Malone's Fidelity won a Christmas box and trophy. Mr. M'Gratlvs Fairlovo won the trot, and Mr. J. Murphy's Black Swan tho hack race Mr. J. Mulligan's Starlight won tho second hack race, and Mr J. Turnbulls Onont won the Stewards' Gift. Everything passed off smoothly. CORAKI, MofDAY. Beautiful weather was expeiieuced during the holi- days. Tho oxcursions wore largely patronised The steamer Pehoan ran to Ballina for the Oddfellows, ever} thing passing off pleasantly Tho North Coast Company's cheap excursion is causing a largo passen- ger traffic. EMMAVILLE, Monday. Races wore held on Boxing Day. Tho Vegetable Crook Cup (and 15 sovs.) was won by Mr. R David- son's Myra The mare Now Broom throw tier ndor near tho winning post, but ho 03capod with a few scratches Tho Rug, ridden by D Tierney, knocked down Mr. Campbell Shaw, managor of Webb s Con- sols mine and hurt his back. Ho was taken home, and is progressing favourably. KIAMA, Monday. A cricket match was played on tho Church Point to-day between tho local players and tho Strathfield Nomad enckot club. Tho latter went ra first and scored oxactly 100 , Kioma responded with 189 tor four wickets when time was called. The weather was very warm and dry. Rain is much noedod for both the pastures and crops. To-day was not ob serv ed as a holiday except by the banking institutions ra town. MOAMA, Monday. Christmas passed off very quietly hero. On Boxing Day tho steamer Bantam ran an excursion tap up the rtvor, and was well patromsoel. Tho weather has boen very hot dunng tho past fortnight. MURWILLUMBAH, Monday. The holidays passed off quiotly. An oxcursion in aid of tho Roman Catholic presbytery on Boxing Day was well patronisod. At the Tumbulgum athletic sports, A E. Budd won tho Shoffiold Handicap Tho regatta at tbo Heads was a failure, lho water was too rough for tho rowing races, and only ono boat entered for tho sailing races. Tho stores hore aro not closed to-day. Tho weather is splendid. MUDGEE, Monday. Tho principal local attractions during tho holidays wore races hold on Saturday under tho auspicos of tho Mudgoo Tattersall'» Club. Tho two principal ovonts resulted as follow - Opemno llASnicAr -Bon Bolt, 1, Bollbud, 2, Prido of Mudgee, 3 BrjKiso D vY HAKDiOAr -Ben Bolt, 1, Dundeo, 2, Pndo uf Muclgco, J MURRUMBURRAH, Monday. Tho Christmas holielaya passed over very quietly. The town was onhvoncd on Boxing Day by a ono mnings enckot match between teams representing Murrumburrah and Cullinga. The latter, who first took tho wickets, compiled a score of 211 runs, throo of the players contributing respectively 61. jl, and C8 Murrumburrah followed with 146, the chief contributors being Antill 63, Murray 33, und Tin- dale 13. RYLSTONE, Monday. Chnstmas pasBed ovor quiotly. Tho puncip ii events wore horse-racing and athletio sports on tho rucocourso on Boxing Doy. Thom was a largo attonelnnce Tho weather was intensely hot and dry, bushfires oro pre- valent. _ TUMBERUMBA, Monday. The Boxing Day races passed off without any acci- dents Early Roso was tho principal winner Tho woather was wann and dry TENTERFIELD, Monday. Excellent weather has prevailed hero during the holidays, ami farmers aro vory busy harvosting, the crops büingtbohoaviostyotiiithiBdistrictformanyyears past. Tho business pooplo declare that this hits boon the best Christmas exponoucod m the district, auel has far exceoded tho best expectations, ospeciall} in cash takings. Picnics have boon tho main amusements here during tho holtdays Tho evont of tho sootiou will bo tho Caledonian gathnring on Now Yom'p Day, for which thoro aro largo entries and special attrac- tions Tho Glou limos junior cricketers playod a match against Tonterfiold juniors on Boxing Day, and wore defeated by an innings and with OS runs to spare. C Loo playod a good innings for tho winners, making 85 runs in good stylo. Tho scores woio: Glou limos, first innings, 33 , secoud innings. 37 , loutorllald, 1G8. YOUNG, Monday. Tho Christmas holidays passed off pleasantly. Tho weather on Christmas Day was delightfully cool. A race meeting hold at Wombat on Boxing Day was largoly attended, and thoro wore good field» in oaoh raco. Tile following oro the results of tho principal events . Maiiiss Vusm -Mr Cain'» Carlisle, 1 Pom lOAN»' Pimm -Wtmzlo, 1 Womuat Hakiiioap -Mr llabortn's FlcotwInrr, 1 Lord Salisbury has nddroasod o. memo- randum to the Board of Admiralty, pointing out that, m view of tho unfortunate aud unwarrantnblo con- struction plaoed upon the landing of blue-jackets for exercise at Mitylono, the greatest caro ought m futuro to bo taken by the naval commoi)dora-in-chiaf to obtain a permit in writing from tho representatives of interested Powers before any firing or practico with explosives is carried out within foreign territorial wutors The Foreign Office has, it is understood, made this representation in viow of tho transmission of o special instruction from the Admiralty uot only to the comviunders-in-chiof abroad, but also to the officers in command of tho Training and Channel Squadion. Fair white hand», bright olear complexion, soft youthful »kin - rears' Soap for teilet and nun.crjf Specially pre- pared for tho delicate »kin of ladle» and chilelrcD, and otho-i "niittve to the weather, winter or summer. Preven- rod __, rough--f and _._>{ inf.-.Abtt.J 