ODDS AND ENDS. Ten inches of rain fell at Tliargo- mindah, Queensland, in 24 hours. Extensive bnshfires are reported from the vicinity of Gastlemaine. Mr. Bradlaugh M.P., has been seriously ill, but is now recovering. In consequence of the withdrawal of the Government contracts the Moe Coal Company has suspended wok. At the Berlin wool sales, which which opened on Saturday last, 1100 bales were offered. Prices ruled a penny lower than the closing rates of last October sales. Mr. Hickman Moleswortb, County Court Judg-e, has been appointed to act as a Supreme Court Judge during the absence of Justice Williams, who has twelve months leave. The cricket match between the Melbourne and Sydney Universities was played in Melbourne and resulted in a win for New South Wales by seven runs. Mr. S. R. Dawson, a very old Gippslander, for many year's secretary of the Rosedale Shire Council, died at Rosedale on Saturday last in an apoplectic fit. The deceased gentle man was do years of age. A little girl named Webb was re cently bitten by a snake at Trafalgar and died 12 hours after. A doctor was in attendance, but it is thought the remedies were not applied in time. During the recent heavy rainfall in the neighbouring colony the Adelong mail coach was washed away in the creek, six miles from Tumnt. One horse was drowned and the mails lost, the mailman narrowly escaping with his life. Burketown, Qeensland, last week experienced a terrific gale accompanied by heavy rain, which lasted for 36 hours. Twenty-four inches of rain were registered in that time and the country was flooded in all directions. Messrs. Jas. M'Ewan & Co. haV0 pnrchased the machinery and iron works of H. Roberts -& Co., Sydney for: the sum of £130,000. Messrs M'Ewan :& Co., liave : obtained a large contract tor tile.: supply of ironwater- pipes'for Sydney and snbnrbs, 'which has -doubtless induced them to make the investment referred to - '< The Melbourne Tramway Trust have successfully floated a 44 per cent loan on the London market for £130,000. The average price realised was £108 9s lOd. - The result is regarded as highly satisfactory, and proving that Australian seenritieo hold a high posi tion in the English market. Owing to the great destruction of fruit in the sonth of Europe through the recent severe weather, the pros pects of Tasmanian apples for the present season are considered to have greatly improved;- and better prices are expected to bo realised than last year. ! . The. ' Daily Telegraph" says that a meeting of : Welshmen was recently held in Melbourne to make arrange ments for the celebration of St. David's J (IV. flllfi 111 Ufitl D tf 1 «-» 4- r . «"! l.vr i-Vi A company singing " ll.cn wlad fy nl|adua." ; 