OUR COUNTRY LETTERS. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) Toora, Nov. 19. Spring, delightful spring weather, warm, very warm, sunny days, with an entire absence of frost during the whole winter, the growth of our pastures is some thing wonderful. They are in fine condition, and so are the cattle. Some of the paddocks not overstocked are a sight worth a journey to see. Clover forming a large percentage of the grasses in cultivated pastures, the air is redolent with its perfume. This, with the odour of the native musk, now in full bloom, fills the air with a fragrance that makes the climate delightful. Cultivation is extending, and a much larger area will be down this year with root crops. Peas do remarkably well ; increased attention is being given to this crop. The rearing of pigs and the converting of them into bacon is grow ing into large proportion on some of the larger selections. The dairying industry is progressing rapidly, butter being turned out in tons. The growing of asparagus is creating a lot of attention here. It grows like a weed, especially on the coast land, being salt. The luxuriance of its growth dearly shows the adaptability of the soil for the production of this choice and valuable vegetable. Our district is lightly infected with a land boom. Mr. E. Scanlon, the Government contract surveyor, is busy at work on the Coast reserve at Toora with an area of some 2,000 acres. The allotments are to be small on account of the value of the land. Ten, twenty, and thirty acres are to be the size. Being adjacent to the Toora railway station, quite a rush is anticipated. The soil is really tip-top. It is to be hoped that conditions will be attached to these selections that will effec tually prevent them falling into the hands of mere speculators ; we want settlement and population. The great curse of South Gipps Iand has been the taking up of large areas of land with no intention of improving or residing on it. This should be guarded against on this reserve, as there are plenty of men who are desirous to make a home for themselves. Our railway communication with Melbourne s gradually being completed. Mr. O'Keefe is now running a train daily to Korumburra to meet the Government train. Although the accommodation is only a ballast waggon, it is very acceptable and a great convenience. To Melbourne in a day is a vast improvement on what we have had to put up with. By the new year we shall have the line completed, and, we hope, handed over by the contractors. The long delay has been a serious drawback and a very great loss to the district. Many of the fisher men who have been waiting for months have had to leave, not being able to get the fish to market. Mr. A. Buckley, with a number of lady and gentleman friends from Port Albert, has given another concert in aid of our Mechanics' lnstitute. These contractors have, while carrying on their work, thoroughly identified themselves with the district, and have always been ready to aid any institute or object tending to our progress. On this occasion they ran a free train from Port Albert to Toora, calling at all stations between, picking up visitors. The result was a splendid gathering, and considerably over £20 added to the funds of the institute. The tin mines have had to discharge over 40 men, in consequence of a selector, through whose land the race runs, not coming to any reasonable settlement with the Agnes River Company. £500 is his demand for the privilege of permanently improving his selection by a running stream of water going through it. Of course, the race will yet be constructed, but the injury one man can inflict upon a district is now felt in Toora. The quantity of land for the race does not exceed four acres. In constructing a tunnel to take the tail race to the face of the wash a seam of black coal 6in. thick was cut. It is of splendid quality, quite equal to the best Newcastle. This discovery clearly shows that all along the coast from the Bass to the Albert River we may _____ We want the diamond drill to test the country. It has been delayed too long in being sent down. With not a show of the prospects South Gipps Iand has, the drill has been sent all over the colony at great expense, but with what result ? Our grog shanties still continue their in famous trade ; the police try to put them down and punish the offenders, but in vain. Some legal quibble is always raised, and they are let off and permitted to continue to carry on their business in the most public manner. As to revenue officers they never visit Toora; the district, in their opinion, is too difficult to get to. To watch some poor unfortunate licensed victualler is an easier task for them. Complaints again and again have been sent to the chief inspector without any result. It is useless to say they cannot detect any sly grog-selling. No secret is made of it, and yet the shanty keepers are allowed to sell liquid death and to feed the calendar of crime. With very little trouble, Mr. Editor, you can now reach Toora. Your paper, The Weekly Times and Farmers' Gazette, is widely circu lated in our district, and a visit from a real live editor of a journal having such influence among the farming class would be hailed with pleasure. We would like you to see our rich pastures, our herds of fat stock thereon, our creamery, carried on by private enterprise, our bacon-curing establishments, our rich agricul tural land, well and carefully filled, and ur mines of tin yet in their infancy, but with evi dences of extraordinary richness that can be seen by any one who likes to visit them. We can show you our magnificent sheet of water, Corner Inlet, almost land-locked, which abounds with fish of the finest description, that only await the railway to become a source of wealth and employment to hundreds of families. The scenery of our district will nchant you, being the most beautiful and pic uresque in the colony. Sunshine again ; pretty Sunny Crank, warm, crops shooting7 up ; flowers galore; bees Trafalgar, getting active. These nasty insects are like Nov. 29. the conservatives, they value "thrift" and property more than life andliberty. Being a thorough liberal myself, I believe in " (dialing the profits." I have been following oat this iprogramme with my bees, and the consequence fs, my face hasgrown out of all proportion to Its original elze, and one of my eyes is invisible. Theory and practice don't always .fit together, t The fruit crops will be heavy this year. Cherries are now plentiful, in some instances they are as large as plums. The peach trees have ire covered, thus proving that it is only the CGld Spring weather that affects them. Experts and Others say that it is a fungi or insect that causes " curl -leaf," but this is not the case. The fungi uthe effect, not the cause, of " curl-leaf." After 4 frosty night, followed by a hot day, the leaves burl np, pests of various descriptions then make their home in them and get the credit for <( curl- leaf" by persons who have no practical ex perience. I tried some experiments with young Jpeach trees this season. Ijplanted some lacing thenorih, ahdsom%tofhe south, etc. Those ; facing the north-east esbapedthe "carl-leaf," botmso to tite senth-west Were badly attacked with the diaes. In some Cubs they were badly d'B&as; -d, the Imves were quite Idacfeened, and afterwards fell off. With the hot weather asecondgrowth of leaves has occurred, and they are now quite healthy , and growing fast. Experts and the newspapers said "mulch your fruit trees." I did bo. Some time afterwards I noticed that the leaves and bark were being devoured' by some insects. I explored the mulch at the butts of the trees and discovered bugs, coekcroaches, insects, and all sorts of creeping things. Investigations proves that these made nightly trips up the tree for a supply of fodder, and slept quietly in their nest daring the dhy. l removed both the insects and theirjuests away from the tree, and applied a match to the mulch. I afterwards spread the ashes round the tree. The result is eminently satisfactory. - If the ground . is loosened around the tree once a month, very little mulch is required. A mulch may be&p-; ptied during the very hot months; but should be removed and burnt in the autumn so as to destroy all the insects which it harbours. Early potatoes have been in for some time. Late crops axe still bem£ planted, and will not be finished . in some parts till Christmas. A pecularity of the potato in this part is the " blind-eye" or " thread shoot.' So common is this that a large per centage of the potatos are unfit for seed, and if one ton is required for sowing three tons have to be kept back to pick from. The sterile or blind ones are recognised by a white thread- shoot about the thickness of sowing cotton, and if planted they are unproductive. A change of eeed from Ballarat or Warrnamhool has a beneficial effect for a time, but they soon degenerate into ' blind-eyes. ' These so-called " blind -eyes'' axe good eating, and as they do not exhaust themselves by throwing out shoots,, they keep considerably longer than the ordinary potato. For this reason, they: are suitable for export and provisioning ships on long voyages. I would sarngBst that a specialty be made of these " biinSPeyes," mid a trademight be opened up as suggested above. Improved methods of cultivation are coming to thefront everyyear. The most important of all these is deep tillage and intense culture. Less attention should be given to manuring the surface, and consequently exhausting the soil, and more attention to breaking np or loosening the subsoil, -and conscajuently enriching the smlond incre&sing; the yield of crops. Blough- mkkers of the present, day devote all their energies to a machine that makes an orna mental surface and leaves the subsoil hard and barren. At the bottom of Borne soils there is a layer of " hard pan," and be this layer lin. or 6ih. deep, we most loosen it up before we can get good crops. The ordinary plough slides along the top of this layer, leaving it smooth and hard and impenetrable to the roots of plants. We want a plough that will leave a broken or loose bottom behind it. If the money spent in artificial manures were spent m labour in properly cultivating the soil, it Would be to the advantage of the farmer. The best money laid out on the farm is what is spent in labour. Manures cannot, and never will, take the the place of cultivation. The real mid natural manure isdo wu among the subsoil; get at it and snccessis assured. ; A/VEEY destructive fire occurred Barfcly, here on the 26th inst, when Mr. , J. Cross's commodious premises Nov. 30. were totally destroyed, as well " W m jiew and well-selected furniture and clothing, also s sum of money that was in the house at the time, making the loss which Mr. Cross has sustained by the des tructive element to amount to fully £300. As Mrs. Cross was about to retire to rest for the night, her youngest son and daughter being already asleep, the curtains by some means got ignited by the candle flame, and in an in credibly short time the whole place was in one mass of fire. Mir. Cross and the other members of the family were away from home, and before any of the neighbours arrived the fire had such hold and whs burning so fiercely that no one ceold get within several yards of it. Mrs. Gross being in delicate health is quite prostrated, and everybody here is sincere in expressions of deep sympathy with Mr. CroBs and his family for their loss of property. As is uso&liy; the case in country places, the premises and furni ture were not insured. The bush-fires have made an early start this year, and a good deal of gra«s is already burnt. This is & loss which we can ill afford, as grass is likely to be scarce enough without burning it, and those who carelessly and heedlessly light and leave fires in close proximity to crops or grass should be made an example of. The late rains have made a considerable improvement in the crops in this and adjacent districts, especially in the oats, which, although not very long of straw, are very well headed, and clean, and free from any sign of rust. Hay-making is just commencing here, bat it is nearly all in the stack towards the plains to the north, and a good deal is cat for wheat. Mr. George Coats, of Trainor's Lagoon, is going to cat down for wheat as much of his splendid fields as ever he can, and will keep the reapers and binders at work until the crop is too ripefor handling so much, as he thinks Ihe straw will be of some valne during the coming season, and, as the crops are very good aronnd Treonor's Lagoon, Avon Plain, Tft&erdeon;, and Wallaloo, I think many more will follow his wise example. ;Mr. Torney, of Frenchman, is the success- iul tefideibr .for the election ybtu new fence at Darkly, at /a CQsttO theEdncation Ihmaxtment of £50. .the .range turn, dsuccaedod in giving some bf but we are. ple&sed; to ' aU are now faifly ... - The Chtmqs tideiWith its reiatiQnB . jsoon beiej&/again,' par ybfinlereilare Iboldng f6t|raSjon|; picnic withTno smallamoun to f anticipated oy. wisn yon, oir, cogeyner wiiu your sian ann oountry correspondents, a merry Christmas and a happy New Year when tiiey come, and also tbnd&ryou; fh y thanks rek the pleasure and in formation derived irom -the columns of your valuable paper during the year ; and will you please convey mv sympathy to some of your correspondents who are experiencing such extreme heat as recorded by the high te ug ra- ! tore of lOideg. in the shade, while' the highest : registered here has been for the season 80deg. Some time ago the ques- Warrnambool. tion of establishing a scent distillery in the Nov. 30. town was mooted, but it was not taken up very heartily. Judging from the .wealth of flowers grown in the district, such an establish ment would soon become a thriving Industry, and some profit wonld be obtained from the flowers which at present go to waste. Not only that, but employment would be afforded to a huge number of farmers' daughters, who would at once be engaged in a pleasant and remunerative oooupation. It seems a pity that the flowers are not better utilised. , The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders Of the Gnsmgre , 0 ! Company, was field in lYwrambool on Friday. The bakuiqe- sheet showed a profit of £426 3s. 6s, for the winter, or six months ending on the 30th September, bat in this was included the Government bonus of £300. A dividend of seven tier cent, was declared, and £100 was carried forward to the profit and loss account to reduce the beak overdraft. Along discus sion took place as to the advisabil.ty of work ing the factory on Sundays. A majority of the shareholders present were in favour of doing so, as they considered that Sunday's milk would not keep till Monday morning during, thejiot weather. Suppliers whd object to send milk on Sunday will be allowed to keep it at borne, but it will not be received at the factory on, the following day. The proposed group system came before a meeting of the Agricultural Association on Saturday. It was decided to inform the De partment of Agriculture that the sosiety is satis fied with the present basis on which the endow ment is distributed, but the association is of opinion that no new societies should be formed unless they were 20. miles away from existing societies. Early potatoes are now being dug more freely, but the season cannot yet be said to have commenced. About the _ same area is under crop as last year, and it is expected the oat-put will equal yield of the previous season. The crops are remarkably clean, and more than usual care seems to have been taken with the moulder and scuff er. Such labour deserves its recompense, and it is hoped prices will be as good as anticipated. A young woman's mind is credited Koroi?, with being very fickle, but it cer tainly cannot be more fickle than Nov. 30. what the weather is with us. We have all the climates of the colony in one week, if not within one day. This variableness is likely to be prejudicial to the crops in more ways than one. During moist weather the pestsreefn to come into existence, and by what I hare already heard, this seascn is not going to be an exception to the years that have gone by. The. .barley crops have been growing with luxuriance, _ and have in a great many instances attained in height the tojp rail of a post and rail fence. The ears appear _ in full vigour and health, and the favourable in dications lead the farmer to believe that this cereal wonld help to fill his sacks. Within the last week the barley crops have been turning yellow, and I was also told that one farmer had got his reaper and binder at work, but I now understand the caterpillar was in the field before Hm. , The moist weather we have had of late has been most suitable, and of course this pest has been ' making great headway. From this time on, unless the weather becomes very warm, there will be a tremendous race between the fanner and the caterpillar, but in any case the pest will no doubt effect- great damage. When fh'e barley crop is too ripe no doubt the pest will turn his attention to the oats and wheat, and before the work of devastation is complete, the damage effected will be very great. The wheat " and the oat6 possess a splendid appearance ; some of the farmers inform me the whole of the wheat crops are not quite as good as represented, and that it is rather early yet to form an opinion. That may be the case, but the growth so far is in every way favourable. In a few paddocks there is a lack of uniformity in the growth of the crops, and this uneven appearance continues to the very end. But instances are on record where, with a suitable change in the weather, this patchiness has dis appeared. May the exception again occur this year for the benefit of all those concerned. Now that we have got the caterpillar, and variable weather of all degrees of temperature, we may next expect to hear of rust, for one trouble hardly ever seems to come alone. A few days ago an interesting and exciting case of rescue and assault came before our magistrates. H. R. Partington, who by the way is a lawyer, has some ground at Kirkstail securely enclosed with barb wire. Every time the agent, T. Murreli, visited the allotment he discovered stock within. Ou the last occasion he opened the gate and made an attempt to drive the sheep out, in order to take them to the pound. Mrs. Birmingham stood in the gave- way and prevented the sheep going through Murrelixeized a large grown Iamb, which had a chain round its neck, with a view of carrying it to his buggy in order that it might be taken to the pound. Mrs. Birmingham seized the chain and then the lamb, and a tussle followed. It was alleged Murreli struck the woman and also broke the lamb's leg. An independent witness gave this in his evidence. Finding she could not get the lamb, Birming ham got hold of the buggy -whip and applied it on Murreli with such effect that he was glad to allow the lamb to go. It may be said the animal died afterwards from the effects of the injury received in the scuffle. Murreli was inside of the barb wire fence and in possession of the chain, but he was so well guarded for two hours hy three women that he had even to give up the chain before, he was allowed to fake his departure. As the complainant did not press the charge, Birmingham was let off with a fine of 2os. and £1 lis. 6d. costs, and her mother a fine of 10s. and £1 Is. costs. It Is hot wise to take the law into one's own hands. Had the animals been allowed to go to the pound the expenses would not have been ab great and there would not have been any ex- ! posnxe. There was one strange feature in the decision ; the .impounding fees were offered Murreli while he -was on the ground, and he refused to take .them. The magistrate over- looked this fact; fi isr a part of the law that when tha exacfc fees are offered the person in charge of stock intended far the pound, he .cannot lawf ully take them away. Be it re- membered It must be the exactfees, neither morenor less. : ; . -- n - Accidentally l omitted to state that the cow that £arrie& on the butter test at ' ohehow — yielding r31b.' 9|oZv in one" of no particular bihfed— a nondescript. She was of bfah&acrbes;' the htosydeep in f1m liitw) rtntV 'jm rt vinifi r fi-nwriw ' x&tm; conenti loofcAt tiaB tinae she was kept in the paddock penffiil test, Bhewas supplied with a few ; Teeds'Atirtav potatoes, but no other artificialfood. "Gur butter-factory is kept in full awing these days. Over 20,000gal. of milk are being sent through every week, and, in the face of this quantity, no occasion is found for keeping the factory open on a Sunday. If hot, sultry weather, accompanied with hot winds, sets in it is quite probable some of the milk at home might spoiL I am not aware as yet that a grievance has been got up by the suppliers. Up to within a small quantity the output of this factory is sold in the colony, and the town agents are ever asking for more. Great is the power of the waves. It is re lated bythe ancient fishermen of Cape Ann that one rock, since estimated to weigh 62 tons, was carried shoreward 6ome20 r .ids in the great gale which tore down Minot's light in 1851. 