GENERAL NEWS. Our correspondent at Cossack wired yes terday as follows :— The Quarter Sessions took place at Eoebourne today, at which there were several caBes for trial. . nu.~ ^imn-nnr Willie, which anchored from the -westward grounds the other day, bring ing eight tons of shell, has returned there. There are no pearling boats here at present. The ketch Island arrived from the Sher lock yesterday, with 125 bags of copper ore. Things generally are very dull here. Our' correspondent at Noitham, writing on Wednesday, says :— The TuylorCarring ton Company had a full house here last night, everyone preBenfc being much pleased ?with the entertainment. They have since left this township, but intend returning on the llfch instant. Extensive bushfires are raging round Mokineand Carolin, resulting in Messrs. Wilding and Hancock losing much fencing. The arrangements which have been come to between the Government and the Great ' Southern Railway Company for the con veyance of mails between f erth and Albany comes into operation on the 15th instant. Every Sunday and Thursday evening a special train will leave Albany, reaching ?'?? Beverley in time to catch the following ' day's down train, which is despatched from that station at 7.15 a.m. These trains will be due at Perth on Mondays and Fridays, respectively, at 1.50 p.m., and at Fremuntle at 2.32 p.m. These arrangements appear likely to give very general satisfaction to ? ??' '?'? the travelling public, but we fail to nee why 25 per cent, should be charged to ? ! passengers who, whether from necessity or choice, think proper to book passages by these particular trains. During the present year (1891) there5 .,. will be two eclipses of the sun and two of ? 'the moon, and a transit of Meruury over the eun's disc. Of these phenomena two only will be visibb from Australia— that of the total eclipse of the moon (May 21) , ' and the transit of Mercury over the sun , .'.' (May 10). The eclipse of the moon will commence at Perth about midnight and end at 3 o'clock in the morning ; the transit ?will be observed at an early hour in the morning. ' : ''?'. Bain fell over a large area of the settled parts of the colony during last night. At 9\. o'clock this morning the following regis trations for the' previous 24 hours were recorded :— Dongurra, 0.04; Perth, 0.12; Carnamab, 0 20 ; Fremantle, 0.05 ; Jarrahi dale, 0.4; Pinjarrah, 0.02; Mandurah. 0.10; Bannister, 0.21; Williams, 0.02; Arthur, 0.10; Bunbury, 0.30 ; Vasse, 0.05; New Norcia, 0.20; Newcastle, 0.11 ; Gin-' gin, 0.12; Northam. 0.08; York, 0.01; Beverley, 0.07; Guildford; 0.21; Bridge town, 0.23 ; Kojonup, 0.13 ; and Mt. Bark er, 0.20. : W: Fully 1000 persons must have visited Bullen's half-way house yesterday after ' - ?': noon to see the promised balloon ascent by Professor Price. The weather was de cidedly threatening, and during the after ? noon some slight showers fell, but towards the time fixed for the promised event the Bky cleared considerably, and the wind, which had been blowing with some force from the North-we3t, lulled. The balloon ?-? ? was hoisted up by means of pulleys at ' - tached to high poles, and undoubtedly it presented a rather patched and dilapidated appearance. A fire wa3 lighted in a bar ? '' rel, and this was freely fed with kerosene Over this the mouth of the balleon was placed, and it commenced to bulge as the hot air filled ics interior. Un fortunately, however, when it was three ; parts full, it burst and then caught fire the flames being with difficulty extin guished. This destroyed all hopeB of: an ascension, and the disappointment of the laro'e ? number of persons present was naturally very great. It waB, however, recognised by the sensible and respectable ?' ? portion of the gathering ttut the occur rence was purely accidental, and consider ' '?'? ? able sympathy was expressed for Professor Price. It was announced that the shilling '?: ?? charged for admission to the grounds would 1 'be returned to train passengers by ' ' therailway department, and most of the :: 'disappointed sightseers left the ground and returned to Perth and Fremantle by road or rail. Unfortunately a number of young larrikins remained and attacked the seronaut in a very brutal and cowardly manner, and had it not been for the intcr Tention of the police Professor Price would have been very roughly handled. As it was .be was the recipient of several coward ' ly blows and was rolled in the sand before he was rescued from his assailants. The nblice should have no difficulty in identi y Ing a number of these young savages, and 'it i3 to be hoped they wiil be prosecuted ''' and severely punished. The untoward in , cident could no5 have been otherwise than ' 12'a serious loss to Professor Price, and he de ' Berred commiseration rather than the BCP-ndalous treatment to which he was sub ejected, and which is a disgrace to the com ?'?: munity. ' As a proof of his bona fides, and :': ' his desire that lhe public should Hut be disappointed, Piofessor Price has decided to give a free exhibition of his remarkable performance next week. This will take place on that splendidly situated piece of ground known as ' Westella,' on Mount Eliza. In the meantime a new balloon is .; being made, at considerable expense. ' ' Under the circuinstancts Professor Price will have the entire sympathy of the public '''/?with him and should have no reason to ? eventually regret his visit to Western Aus . tralia. On 'Change this morning Centrals were offered a 25s. without buyers, Central Ex ' ? tended being offered at 2s. without buyera. For Fra8ers 7s. 6d. was offered with sellers ? at 8b. 9d., Eraser's South (pro) being offered . at 8s. with sellers at 10s. 3d., 7s. 6d. being offered for contributing with sellers at 10s. For Hope's Hill (con) Is. lOd. was offered with sellers at 2s., promoters being offered at Is. 6d. without buyers. For Caler donian (con) lOd. was offered with sel lers at Is. 2d., promoters beiDg offered at 2s. 6d. without buyers. For Waterhall (pro) Is. 8d. mas offered without selleis, contributing being offered fit Gd. without buyers. For Exchange (con.) 8d. was offered with sellers at 10d., promoters being offered at 2b. with out buyers. -'??- ? At Geraldton, on Wednesday . last' Borne little excitement was caused in that town (s'a'es the Victorian , Evpress of the 1st inst ), by the outbreak . of a fire in close proximity to the townBite. The fire was first observed at about half past ei/nt o'clock in the morning, in the ' direction of the Chapman Eiv r, and P.c. 1 Kinane was despatched from the Police station to ascertain whether it waB likely to do any serious damage. The constable found the fire dangerously close to Mr. Alfred Pead's slaughter-house and Mr du Boulay's fence. He tried to beat it back, but finding it travelling fast in a southerly direction, the wind being off the land, he thought the town was in some danger, and accordingly rode off to roport the 'fact and get some assistance. On re turning he found a fire had sprung up near to the cemeteries, where the undergrowth ? is very thick. After a futile effort on his own part to stay theprO;jreB3 of the flames, he came in to Geraldton and reported that ' ? not only the cemetery, but Mr. Witfceuootn's residence at Bellevue, was also in danger. A number of townspeople at once repaired to the scene, and having cleared a space around the - einetery fence to check the '' progress uf the £ re in that directs n, they next turned their attention to Mr. TVitte noom's property, which was not in such immediate danger. A space was cleared along the fence on the windward side of the house and a counter- fire _ set going. The wind changing about this time am coining from the south, instead of from the Ea et, the plan resorted to had the desired effect. The Mayor (Mr. Shenton), and several other leading townsmen were on the spot during a part of the time the fire was raging, and before 2 o'clock all danger was averted. At the Fremautla Police-court this morning, before Mr. E. Fairbairn. R.M., Charles James Bellair in- de his first ap pearance on a charge of drunkenness, and was cautioned and dismissed. George Wright for allowing two horses to stray, was fined 2s. 6d. each and costs. Peter Lewis, also charged with horse trespass, was fined 2s. 6d. and coats. Barry Moore Sergennt, second officer of the Au6tralind, was charged with assaulting Ge Tib, kitchen-boy on the same vessel. Mr. A. B. Kidsou appeared for the complainant, and Mr. A. G. JTarrelly for the defendant. Mr. Farrelly admitted the offence, and said that his client told the complainant to do something, wberepou the Chinaman be came saucy, and that led to the assault. The defendant was fined £1 and cobis ; Mr. Fnirbairn remarking that he had no more right toa&sault; a Chinese than anyone elBe. ' ? A branch of the ; Western Australian Bank is shortly to be established at Don garra. From the Southern Times, of the 2nd inst., we learn that Bunbury was jubilant on Wednesday, evening last at the return of its only engine after an absence of several months in solitary confinement at Freman tle. Mr. Mather, Superintendent of the Locomotive Department, and a staff of men arrived by the s.s. Flinders and the men are busily eE gaged fitting up the engine, oveihauling the rolling stock, and clearing the permanent way, prepaiatory to the opening of the line, between the 10th and 15th instant, the exact date we hope to be able to announce in our next is&ue.; As is fitting, appropriate and significant, the Commissioner of Railways and member for Wellington, the 9on. H. W. Venn, will attend to formally open the line. Beyond the particulars furnished by us yesterday nothing further has transpired respecting the murder of the Chinamen at Daliak. The inquest takes place at York to-day, and up to late last night the other two men attacked were living, but were both in a very precarious condition. At the waterside lockup yesterday afternoon Edward Holmes, who haa been committed for trial charged with the mans laughter -of Sophia Holmes, expired. The accused had been since his arrest suffer ing from delirium tremens, and since his committal has been under the. impression that he was corked up in a bottle; An in quest will be held to aicertain the true cause of death. His Excellency the Governor (Sir Win. Robinson) returned from Eottnest in the steamer Dolphin this afternoon. During' the past few clays Mr. J. R. North, formerly the' well-known draper, of Hay-street, has entered upon th» manage ment of the Court Hotel, in Beaufort-street, the premises of which are now being renovated under Mr. and Mrs. North's supervision, with a view to making the Court the premier hostelry of the city. : It will interest the fruit growers of thiB district to learn that what is probably the first shipment of fruit from this colony to England, left to day by the early train for Albany, for shipment by the P. and o. steamer Valetta. The consignment con sists of eight cases, and includes some splendid specimens of maize, potatoes, onions, etc. The shipment was made by Mr. Herbert Bond, the Managing Director of the Midland Railway Company, who was much struck with the very fine exhibits at the Horticultural Sh»w last week, and de termined to let his friends ;u London see ?vhatthe colony is capable of producing. It will be interesting to receive the report of its arri al and appreciation in England. We are given to understand (sayB the local paper at' Geraldton of Saturday last) that in about a fortnight's time the first 8ecti'n of the Midland Railway Company will be formally opened for traffic. There will, of course, be some little ceremony in connection with the event. Mr. Bond the Chairman of Directors, Mr. Keane, the contractor, and probably a member of the Government will be present on the occa sion. - The Sharks Bay correspondent of the Victorian Express states Mr. A. J. Hastie, of Dirk Hartog Island, who a Bhqrt time back was fined jBIOO for smuggling, haa again just recently fallen into lhe hanis ot the police for defrauding the revenue by other means. This time Mr. Hustie w « charged with illicit grog selling on four different occasions. The hearing of the charges resulted in his being fined J2120, and bis being- imprisoned .for twenty minutes. We have since learned that Mr. Uastie instructed his banker not to pay the cheque given in payment of ttc fine. Mr. Mi Coronel is among the passengers from Sydney by the E. M. S. Valetta, which will be due at Albany next Saturday. The following persons left Albany by the last homeward mail-steamer — the Oroya ?.—Miss Winter, W. P. Addleston, C. KidBon, J, P. Akeman, L. W. Jones, F. Pola, A. Gregor, and T. Plant. lhe Victorian Express acknowledges, on behalf of the inhabitants of Geraldton, a subscription of ten guineas towards lhe women's and children's ward at the Vic toria Hospital, Goraldton, from;. Mr. H. Bond, chairman of the Directors of the Midland Railway Co., Limited. As a further proof of the permanency of the Eastern go W fields, we iray state that no less than 1500 ounces of gold* will be sent down from the Yilgarn, branch of the Commercial Bank by the first mail. \ Owing to the Eucla telegraph line work ing somewhat sluggishly to-day our tele grams from Flemington have not reached us up to the iiine of our going to press. An inquest into the cause of death of Edward Holmes, who was under commit ment *~f or the ; manslaughter of Sophia Holmes, was commenced at 4 o'clock this afiernoqn. 