GENERAL NEWS. w A match was arranged on Monday, to take place on Perth Bace Course on the occasion of the Anniversary meeting, on the 26th instant, between Mr, T. BUnco's Vision and Mr. J. GWndeU's Music, for £75. The weight to be carried by each isSst. 71b. A riepVwit of JS25 was made yesterday, when the articles were signed ; the balance is to foe deposited on the Saturday preceding the race. In the Selling Kace at the late meeting, Music carrying 5st. lllb., lan second to Aim tl., who was conceding him 2st. 8lb. The distance to be covered is 1 j miles. At the Perth Police-court yesterday George Anderson, an actor, was again brought np on a charge of forging a con sent by her parentB to his marriage with Miss O'Grady. He was further remanded for 8 days. It has been arranged that the preliminary bearing stall take pLvse in Perth instead of at Albany, as was origin^ ally intended ... -il :ilJ. ^ __ _ After the ordinary police cases were disposed of at the Perth Court »n Monday an information was laid by J. W Hemns against W. T. Bennett, who trades as TattJe & Co., photographers, to recover JB13 wages alleged to be doe to him. There was also a crMS-information charg ing Hemus with deserting the service of Mr. Bennett. The complainant, it appear ed, was engaged in Melbourne to come to Perth for 6 montns, at a salary of £4 per week. He' came over at the ' beginning of December, and after working for some time the defendant told him that he was going to close the studio on January 4. The complainant accordingly did not re turn after tile 13th inst., but claimed the wages in question. The defendant alleged that he had deducted tbe passage money he had paid to bring the -complainant -over, and on the point as to whether he was justified in sobbing, the case, the hearing of which was adjourned until Wednesday, will probably turn. - At the Fremactie Police-court yester day William Joaes, a. lad about 15 or 16 years of age, was charged with Btealing a bottia of 'sherry, the property -of Mr. A. GraBosser. It appeared that on the 12th inst; Mr Rormffr and bin bookkeeper (Mr Jackson) went to Perth, leaving die accused in charge of the rooms. On Mr. Bosser'e return- he found Jones iwfavra)! tedon the premises. . He asked the accu sed how lie became in such a condition and he replied that he had felt unwell and had t'fc4»' a bottle O£ eherry. Wr. Bosser sent for the. police and gare the accused into the custody of p. c Bonnor. This morn ing Mr. TtofiHptr .withdrew the charge in consideration of tiie accused having been looked up for twelve hours, and he was consequently discharged. The ^following cases of cattle trespass were dealt with-.— J. Hossack, fined Is. and costs, 5s. 6d. in all ; John Atkinson, fined Is. and costs, lls. 6d. in all ; and W. E. Marmion, two head of cattle, nned Is. each and casts. 6b. 6d-inall. On 'Change yesterday Centrals were wanted at 6/6 with sellers at 10/, 1/ being offered for Central Extended with sellers atl/2. For Frasers 8/3 was offered with sellers at 9/, Frasets South /pro)., being wautedat 12/ with sellers at 15/, 10/6 being offered for contributing with seUeis at 14/. For Hope's Hill (pro) 1/2 was offered with sellers at 2/, contributing being wanted at 2/ with, sellers at 2/9. For Caledonians (pro) 2/6 was offered without sellers, lljd., being offered tat contributing with sellers at 1/3. For Waterhafl (pro) 1/ was offered, with sellers at 2/6, 3d., being offered for contri buting with sellers at 6d. For Exchange (pro) 1/ was offered with sellers at 1/2, con tributing being wanted at 6Jd., with sellers at lOd. For W. A. Fire 19/ was offered with sellers at 21/. For National Bank JE10 5s., was offered, without sellers. Our attention has been directed to the fact of a large number of dead fish having been washed, in some cases above high water mark, along the river shore, &i; remains of which are permitted to de compose to such an extent as to make a visit to the river fraught with considerable danger to health. The cause of this great death rate among the finny tribe — that known as the 'cobbler' being, apparently, the greatest BUfferer — te said to be the pre sence of fresh water in tbe river for such a lengthened period during the present season. Whatever the cause the effect . is certain ' and, conse quently, what used to be V-ne' of the1 pleasantest walks and drives, in the city, viz., that atang the river. : sidef hasi been permitted to degenerate into a sink of. pol luted matter, which in a less healthy -local- ity would bring about a very serious epi demic. ? . . ; There are evidences that in the near future the marriage question in India' will undergo, not one day too soon, complete re vision and modification. Especially desir able is it that the practice of what is known as child-marriage should be abolished. The case of a Parsee young lady named Sherin bai, a victim to this iniquitous custom, -who is now invoking the Supreme Court at Bombay to release her from a matrimonial engagement entered into by relatives and friends without her consent, affords a good illustration. Her case is a particularly hard one. It was at the extremely early age of six months that she -was formally betrothed ! to a bridegroom of the same tender years, ' or, rather, months. The little couple lay £n the laps of their mothers while (he custom ary formalities were gone through and attested in legal fashion — at least such is the testimony of third persons. All that Sherinbai is able to Bay on that point, of her own personal knowledge, is that she ' is informed thai when she and the defen dant were babies some ceremony was per formed between them.'' This was at a place called Broach— a distant fortified town on the bants of the Nerbudda. Subsequently the bride's family removed to Bombay, the bridegroom remaining at Broach. - Had they met by some chance in -after-life and renewed their acquaintance, after tbe fash ion of my Lord Claacarty and his betroth ed in tbe late Tom Taylor's drama, ' all might have been welL Parsee law is, it appears, strict on this head, and will listen to no complaints when the wishes of the parents have been thus ratified. Bnt it happens that never did Sheriabai from that hour gaze on the features or hold communication with him, who nevertheless, now ''i*''!' her for his bride. Husband and wife are of about the same age, bat Sherinbai is uncompromising in her de mand that she shall exercise the pri vilege of choosing a husband for her self, and Ae is obtaining strong support in that demand. These proceedings, as we have said, are taking place in the Bombay presidency, in Western Hindostan. A movement in the same direction is bow in evidence on the opposite side of the country — in Calcutta. — where, so we learn by telegam just to hand, that last week a conference, at which fully 1,000 leading natives were present, has been held therefor the purpose of dis cussing the marriage question as it obtains amongthe whole of the native races of India. Resolutions were passed in favour of legislation being enacted to prevent the marriage of Hindoo girls under twelve and boys under eighteen years of age, and also that no marriages should be consummated before the wife should reach the age of fourteen and the husband twenty. The adjourned annual meeting of the Swan Biver Mechanics' Institute was held in the Hall of the Institute last Monday. The President; Mr. E. Kay Courtfaope, oc cupied.the chair.. There was a moderate at tendance of members. From the fortieth annual report it appeared that 180 members had joined «ndJB8 left or bad been struck off Jjftejrolt' during last' year, leaving ifl66 members cm the lstof January, 1891. - Tfie receipts for the-yjBac^aiaounted to JE279 %1b. 9d., and the expenditure, including Ike overdraft with which the year commenced, of £273 3s, 2d., to .£620 5s. 6d., leaving an overdraft of JE322 7s. 9d. at tile bank. Re ference uras^ made to proposals to be laid before the mnctang by the committee for liquidating the amount of the overdraft. The balance sheet for the quarter ending December 31, 1890, was also read. There port and accounts were passed. The fol lowing were elected office-bearers for the ensuing year : — Vice-Presidents : Hon. J. Forrest, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. E. g«ntf. and Mr. M. F. A. Canning j Chairman of Committee = Mr.' B. Smith ; Treasurer i Mr. K. Pether (re-elected) ; Committee: Messrs. H. Brown, P. Kelly, F. Bailey, W. Dale, T. Kelly, and J. W. E. Archdeacon ; Auditors : Messers. W, E. Edgar and K. Collett. Mr. B. Smith, moved a resolution, which was unanimously passed, empower ing the trustees of the Institute to raise money, by mortgage or otherwise, for the purpose of paying off the oveidraft at the W. A. Bank, incurred in the additions to the Library and *?4-mtii'g B om in 1886. A resolution was also agreed to requiring all members joining the Institute is. future to pay an entrance fee of 2s. fid. A vote of rtanks to the President closed tbe meeting. To many the distribution of the prizes drawn in the sweep promoted by 'Senojal' on. tiie Perth Cup will be of interest. 'The sum of «« was the net* amount for apportionment among the various prize winners, as follows t— Perth— three etart ens, Borgoyne, Gond∧ Sfc Xve* (SSlSs. each); four non-starters, Terror,' Btoo, Satyr and Rivalry (£1 17s. 6d. each-} 4 prizes of £5; 10 of 50s., 21 of 25b., and 3 of 12s. 6d. Fremaatie ? Wandenne; Willie (third horse, value JB11 5s.) ; 2 prizes ot 25b. and 1 of 50s. Geraldton— 1 of 25s. and 1 of 60s. Canning— Wilto^the-Wisp (second horse, Taloe £22 lOs.}; and 3 prizes «C 258. York ? 1 prize of £5 and 1 of 60s. Newcastle— Aim (non-starter;; 1 prize of £5 and 1 of 60s. Beverley^-4 of J& and 2 of 26& Vasse— -1 of 60s. and Ief25s. Karridale— The Duke (first norse, value £45); 1 ?nro of 26s. and lof 12s. 6d. ; M**'*''1 Bailway^-3 priees of 26s. Albany — 3 of . 60s. Kfttanning — 1 of £5 and 1 of 25s. GxeenbusheB — Wowabba (non-starter) ;1 prize ^of £5. Jarrahdale— 1 prize of 25s. The sweep proved highly satisfactory in every respect, and haB«n couraged ** Senojal' to promote a sweep on somewhat amilar lines ou the Metropolis tan Handicap, to be run at the forthcom ing Easter Meeting of the W.A.T.C. . We understand 4hat at the present time over 300 men are engaged on the MMlaml Bailwaydrorks at iheendof the line and about 200 at ttie Northern end; whilst about 50 to 60 mee. .ate employed on the waterworks. -As these men recaive from 7b. to 8a. a day, the cireulation --A money caused by the works Mr. Edward jKeane now has in hand should soon be felt. From York we learn that Dr. O'Meehan'fi recently imported' xacehozse The Crash, by Cheviot— Jen d'Attafice, has fallen lame and has been scratched far all bis New castle engagements in consequence. A shooting affray took place near Geeen ough on Saturday wherbya man was shot in the 'eg. It appears that » number of navvies went to the Traveller's Best Hotel, and- dsmanded to be served With liquor on tarust. Mrs. King, the landlord's wife, refused togive it them, and they be came very, abusive. Shortly afterwards Mr. g'np retutned,when he *as asBailftd by the men.' Procuring a gun he commenced to torn them out. The men immediately set upon him, and he fired, wounding one of them in Hoe leg. No further particulars are to hand. What might have resulted in a serious accident occurred in Barrack-street yester day afternoon. While an omnibus belong ing to Mr. Pratley, driven by a young man named Henry Ward, was passing the Railway Hotel the "king-bolt"— which attaches the front wheels to the body of the vehicle— broke, the after part turning over and the horses bolting. They were stopped by coming in contaot with a China man's fruit cart. Needless to say that also came to grief, and its contents were strewn about the road. The occupants escaped without any injury, but the driver is believed to be severely hurt. We learn that Mr. Rotton's horse Will o the Wisp, by Two of Hearts— Shadow, has been purchased by the Messrs. DarLot, at the price of JB260. Mr' W?9E. Oifton, legal manager of the Central G. M. company, baa handed ns the following report received from Mr. LJ. E. Conn, the mine manager, and dated South ern Cross, Jan. 4th, 1891:— I have had a continuous crushing from Monday till 4 o'clock this morning (Sumiay), ana have made all small repairs ready, and will start at 10 to-night. I mean to get all the time in this fortnight.^ I will clean up next Sunday. ' A cricket ; match will be ' played this afternoon on the Esplanade be tween' the employees of the establishment of Messrs. G.H. Snowball & Co. andacom binedteam consisting of other Mercantile houses in Perth. The following represent Messrs. Snowball:— J. Winterton (capt) G. H. Snowball, W. Savage, W. J. Hayes; J. D.C. Kenwortfay, M. J. Moodv, E. Mc Ginn, H. Beid, W. W. Edwards, G. E. Toe and A. Munyard. The following will form the combined' team:— H. Sadler, W.B. Dicksoq, E. Woodbridge, C. Bodoreda, W. Hobnan, Collett, W.H. Glyde, H. Hooley, W. Grealish, A. flockraia, W. P. Hparman, and W, D. Hamilton W. Allen (emerg enoiea.) . Play will commence at 230. ' Aulns' in. .the Australasian is vespon-. sibh3 for the following : — He bad -put into a big swejp on the Cup, and bad taken all bis friends into his confidence, and had talked so constantly of the certainty, of drawing, the first prize that he came to ?be- lieve it... He .was Eurpriaed *hafhe bail reoaived.no news of the drawing when Cup Day came, but put it down to some , orer siRht, and when Carbine ; won he, had a pleased sensiition *^^ be must have *iw^m» him in the sweep, and that he would bear shortly to that effect. Sure enough on the following Thursday evening he Eapeiyed'a wire from Sydney, signed by the sweep pro moter -.—' Congratulations. T«u drew Carbine. Send ticket, and money wfll be remitted.' His joy may be imagined and he expressed it loudly and freely. And h - duly sent off bis ticket. As he could afford' to lose something ent of the JE1Q.O0O that he had. made, and as he concluded his luck was in, he resolved to back a likely double that he knew of for Steeplechase Day. He piled on a good round sum, and stood to win another JElO,O00 ; and, steange to say, the double came off, and he landed *.!'- nuKiey. He went home happy, and found a Sydney teiegtam there — ' Mistake or forgery. No wire sent you by me. Carbine was drawn by Mr. ? . Tour number, which was ? , drew & blank (eee our list duly sent you before race, and now posted again).' And so, on investigation, it proved. Who was guilty of .-the. cruel and heartless hoax he has not yet discovered. But, whoever it was, he heartily forgives him, as he has to thank his tfaouahtlessnesB or malice for winning the £l0fi00 -m the double, . The. three steamers which arrived at Albany between Saturday afternoon and Sunday morning — the Lnsitania, Britannia and Albany — brought a total of 139 passen gers ; but by two of the same boat* — the- Lusitahia and the Britannia — 23 persons left the colony, thus reducing the nett gain u- the population to 116. Of thu, number n.0 came from the neighboring colonies and 29 from Europe. : At ,ai committee meeting of the Perth Amateur Operatia Society, held hist Mon day, it was decided to produce the opera ' lolanthe ' on Saturday, the. 24th inst. The following dates of performance will be —Tuesday, the 27th, .Wednesday, the 28th, and Friday, the 30th insts. Owing to the heavy cost of production two prices will prevail, viz., four shillings -for the reserved seats and two shillings tor the unreserved, Oat point of vantage the front row of the baloany being reserved, as qsuaL The box' plan wOl be open at . Sands & McDojBgalfr -m» gTimyAjy rr.nmujtgf --. At the Perth PoueT court on8«tnrday, George Atideraon, who mas yesterday chained with forging aconeent^oB mar riage, was brought up andTemsnded to Albany ; and Ah Pan, a Chinese, charged with vagrancy was cautioned and discharg ed. . ^ ' General ' Booth haB enlisted the sympathy of a laige section of the clerical wodd (writes the London correspondent of an intercolonial exchange), including the Bishops 'Of Durham and' Manchester, Archdeacon Farrar, and many others. Dr. Moorhouse has sent him a certificate of approval which wfll admittedly give the scheme a stimulus, for it indicates a belief in its practicability. The Bishop writes: — 'I am struck with tbe practical wisdom of your plan, which has in it; I believe; many of the elements of success: My experience in the colonies enables me to cauituend es pecially your determination, on the one liand, to prepare the emigrant for his new home, and, on tbe other, to prepare the home for the emigrant. The latter is espec ially important, and in too often neglected by our emigration societies. I am afraid thatyou will find the development of the national resources tor a. new country more difficult-, and costly than you can have anticipated; and that it will be well for you, therefore, to secure as far as possible the co-operation of the Colonial authorities in your peeposed emigration arrangements. I trust .much, however, to the practical wisdom which you display in all the de tails of your scheme. Very few men cenld hope to carry It out ' successfully, but I think you may for the following reasons :— 1\. Ton have prored that yon can teach the waifs and strays to work. 2. You can surround them with the authority, the sympathy, and help of men of their own class of 'ft™ Christian prin ciple. 3. Yon make a radical change of their character an essential condition of your scheme, -and' have again proved that in many cases religious meane which I con fess I could not use myself are effective to that end. 4. Ton have the assistance of a large and enthusiastic staff of officers stationed in various parts of the world and working for Christ's sake with little more than a bare subsistence provided from your funds. Having this belief, I feel myself called upon to help you, and, though it is set convenient to me to do so just now, you may count on receiving £100 Erom me during the next year. May God blees you for the wise and noble effort you are mailing, and spare you long enough to the poor waits whom for Christ's sake you love to rescue from their terrible physical and spiritual destitution.*' Capt. Hnrburgh, of the Elder Liner Alex andra, which arrived at Port Adelaide a few days ago from Cardiff, reports that en October 24, at $-40 pan., with the Martin Yaatf Bocta (Trinidad, South Atlantic) bearing N. by E. £ E. seven miles, the ship experienced a severe shock of. volcanic , agency, prodocmg an. extraordinary trembl ing or vurating sensation throughout the . ship, and quitie «iMr*wiiur about ffi»* 'vhsel and rudder, pA(-«inp»i«-»-i with a loud rum bling noise as of heavy distant thunder, whirhlnnted for abent fifteen aeconds. The eea at the time about the ship shewed no signs of agitation or change ' of colour, but simultaneously with, the shock noticed either an eruption or a landslide at the north-west end of the largest of the rocks, 300 ft., producing to nearly its height a cumulouB cloud of steam or lust. The weather had been very fine up to this, with a moderate wind from the north-north-east, but within -half an hour of the seaquake or volcanic shock the weather became very sul try, close and gloomy, and immediately fol lowing the above inmflpnt-. the wind fell completely away, and set in with sudden, sharp, shifty puffs, and finally came away with thick raw «*»fl increasing wind from the southward. Sir Frederick Pollock (writes the London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus in bis letter of November 14) has written , an anticipatory article in the Scots Observer on the pending Victorian appeal case, Ah Toy v. Musgrove, He holds that there have been few modern cases in which so many grave and unsettled points of law have been raised or suggested. He enum erates these points under four heads. The first is — Has the Crown any power, with out the consent of Parliament, to exclude foreigners who are subjects of a friendly stale from England in tame of peace, or from any 'part of the British Empire which is governed* by English law? Secondly, if such power exists, has it been delegated to the executive of a self governing colony, so that it can be exercis ed by the Governor of that colony on the advice of his Ministers, without special instmctions or ratification from the Im 1 penal Government ? Thirdly, if such power exists and can be and has been delegated to a colonial Government, can that Go vernment exercise it against a subject of a particular state after the Legislature of that colonv h**-^ wny^** general regulations for the admission of subjects of that state ? Fourthly, if all or any of these questions be answered in the negative, arc the ex ecutive officers of the colonial Government liable to ion action at the suit of a foreigner excluded from the colony under colour of the power of the Crewn supposed to be delegated to the Governor, . or is the exclusion such as to demand, diplomatic intervention- on the part of the official representative of ' his state accredited to the Queen ? Looked at from the. standpoint of the constitutional lawyer. Sir Frederick regards tbe first of these questions «8 of far-reaching import ance, and tbe fourth, he says, may involve potiixcal an^ inftpmyi^irtTmi problems of some delicacy. Bos reading of history is that the Crown has habitually acted as if it had no power to exclude friendly aliens from the kingdom without the consent of Parliament. He emphasises the fact that the Privy Council has already decided that the Governor of a colony is not by the na ture of. bis office ' a viceroy in the sense of *wx»i4»ig /w yn»pnpflynfiii|y *!h« powers of the Crown for all purposes, but a public officer tu-ijing under an express commission, and his poweiJB are derived from the terms of jrtigf. commission. At the ''» time Sir 'Frederick acknowledges that ' if any Ans jftraliiHi county desires the powers . of the {Governor (practically those of the Colonial (Ministers) to be'increaspd, there iB nothing jto prevent it ihort of the ultimate Imperial ^eto of the Crown.' The fuinnai . general meeting of the Xumpers' Union will take place at theFed «ral Hotel, Fremantle, next Thursday even ing, for She purpose of electing officers, receiving reports, etc. A. meeting pt the executive of the West AnntmliBTi fanijioniili'j Allinnw has been convened to be held at the Temperance Hall, Barrack-street, on Friday evening next. The following extract from a. letter re ceived by a gentleman residing in this colony from a friend staying at Davos Plate, 'the celebrated health resort in Switzerland, may be of interest: -' Dec. 5, 1890. Isup. pose you have heard something of Prof. Koch's great discovery for the cure of con sumption. Everyene here takes a lively interest in it Doctors have all been to Berlin, but find that at present the inocu lation can only with 'safety be applied to slight cases— say beginners in cansumptioB. They hope after some ''^p*^* experience to be able to apply it to the cure of all cases, but at present' fellows with great cavities . (in die lungs) like mine have to plod pati ienUy on in the old way and see younger hands at it go ahead and get cured in three monthi or so. A good many cases in Davos are already under treatment, but at present I don't think our doctor will risk having my blood on his head.' In an interview by a well-known gentle man of Perth with- the Government Geolo gist on the subject of a Railway to Yilgarn, Mr. Woodward stated that the construction of a line at once was fully warranted by the permanency of the fields. A telegram received by us on Jan. 10 from our York correspondent stated that the cricket match York C.C. versus Northerners Team was proceeding, the weather being gloriously fine. The Northerners for their first Snniigs scored 93 rnns, and the York team 131 runs. The Northerners went in for their second inningB and at the time of wiring € wickets were down for 60 runs. On 'Change Jan. 10, Centrals were for dis posal at 10a. with buyers at 7e. ; Fraser's found buyers at 7s. 6d- with sellers at 9s. For Fxaser'B Sputh. (pro) 16s. was wanted and 10s. offered, and the same stock (con) had buyers at 9s. with 13s. wanted. For Hope's TTill Amalgamated pro Is. I0d. was wanted with buyers at Is , do (con) 2s. 8d. sellers and 1b. 9d- buyers. Caledonian (pro) found sellers at 3a. 6d- and buyers it lB.6d., do (con) buyers at lOJd and sellers at Is. 6d. For W.A. Tin 19s. was offered. The Club Sweep on the Anniversary Handicap has, we hear, proved so far an unqualified success, there being only 300 tickets remaining unsold out of a total of 1000 tickets. Mr.Heamsisthe promoter. Dr. Tratruan has resigned his position ?s Government analyst, and the Govern ment are now considering the appointment; of some gentleman to fill the vacant posit ion. A special meeting-of the members of the* Royal Agricultural Society of Western Australia was held on Friday for the pur pose of considering certain alterations in tbe rules proposed by Messrs. Morrison, Richardson lad Brock man. The President (Mr. E. T. Hooley) took the chair, and there were present : — Messrs. Fauntleroy (sec.), W. T. Loton, W. G. Heannan, E. Robinson. T. Jecks, J. M. Hnbbard, B. D. Hardey, B. W. Hardey J. Morrison, T. Burges, A. R. Richardson, S. B. Hamersley and Liddelow. Mr. J. Morrison pointed out that tbe land that the society owned at Guildford *-as now w.ortb about £2,500. The society was now to be considered the principal society in West Australia. It was desirable that the system of balloting for members should be introduced, and there should be a distinction between member- and sub scribers. He moved, 'That the names of persons who wish to become members of the Royal Agricultural Society of West ern Australia should be proposed and seconded by members ef the society at any general or committee meeting, the election to be by ballot and one black ball in five to exclude. That the com* mittte for the year should be the body for electing members by ballot.' Mr. Burges seconded the motion, which' was carried. The Treasurer (Mr. W. T. Loton) read a financial statement, from which it appear ed that there was a debit b dance «f JS349 15s. 4d. iast year aiid JcGjO dae on deben tures.. -The receipts during the year amounted to JB6342s. 7d., and the expendi ture, .£566 18s. 2d. leaving & debit balance on the 1st instant of £282 10s. lid. Notices «f motion for' the next meeting having been given, (.he meeting dosed. \- At the Perth Police-court on Monday Thomas .Wiltshire for vagrancy was cau tioned; Peter Vigofora nirnttpi. offence was sent to prison for 3 months; Ah Pan, charged with being . on the premises of Messrs. Dromey for an unlawful purpose, was remanded ; Nesbit Gregg, tor vagrancy was cautioned and discharged; Frederick and Edgar BeU, two boys, wnot were charg ed with bathing during prohibited hours, were cautioned. We regret to hear that an accident of a serious nature occurred on Saturday after n on to |xc. Tyler, wbilst riding in the out skirts of Perth. He was cantering -in company with Mr. W. E. Victor, when bis horse swerved and jammed -him against & tree. With assistance the injured man was brought in and removed to the Police Barracks and the Medical Officer was quick ly in attendance. It was found that Tyler had sustained serious internal injuries, and the doctor was in close attendance on him both on {Saturday and on Sunday. Referring to the serious damage that has recently taken place at York through bush fires, the local paper states: — A woman named Burton, who resides about 12 miles from York, has suffered considerably . dur ing the week through bushfires. The whole of her wheat crop was burnt, while her garden and other property was greatly damaged. — We regret to hear of the great loss Mr. J. H. Monger has sustained during the week by fire. About 2,500 acres, of splendid bush feed, have been totally des troyed, besides a quantity of fencing, at bisColyerninepaddecks. It bas been found necessary to remove the whole of the sheep which were depasturing in the paddocks at the time.— Mr. Joseph Hicks seems to be particularly unfortunate this year with re spect to fires. ? Only a tew weeks ago he was a heavy loser by having a large area of country burnt, while we are informed as late as the beginning of this week he had a considerable quantity of feed destroyed by this disastrous element. Mr. Hicks' loss must be enormous, and we extend to him our sympathies, hoping at the same time that Dame Fortune will be kinder to him in the future. A telegram for J. Reader, from Roe bourne, is lying at the Central Telegraph office. . The following persons booked passages by the train ' which left Albany for Beverley this morning :— Mr. J. Duigan, Mr. F. G. Clarke, Mr. J. Marshall, Mr. R. T. Ellis, Mr. F. niingworth, Miss Hlingwerth, Mrs. and Miss Turner, first class and three others in the second class, for Perth, and eight second class for Guildford. The Melbourne Argus thus sams up a leading article on the formation of the first ministry in Western Australia : — ' Fn a judicious policy of public works, in giving every inducement to immigration, -n assis ting mining in legitimate ways, lies the principal duty for the time being' of the Western Australian Ministry.' A well-known boatman of Albany, named Joseph Foote, died at Mr. Campbell Tay lor's station, on the Thomas River (S.E. Coast), a few days ago, from the effects of a bite he received from a black snake. On Saturday the West Perth C.C. met the Perth C.C. on the New Recreation Ground. The Perths went to the wickets first and only put together 29 runs, the innings of the opposing team closing for 169. . On Friday Mr. Peyton Davies' trotting mare Bettie-dropped a foal to War Cry. It was as long ago .-as December 26th, 1889, that Bettiepaid a visit to War Cry at York, and the tome that elapsed between the two events — one year - and twelve days — was somewhat phenemenaL Tbe foal, which was said to be a miniature reproduction of her sire, died the following morning. In our reproduction of the telegram re ceived by the Postmaster General from Mr. J. O'Connell at La Grange Bay a slight error occurred, it should have read 'Be- tween 115 and 128 poles loaning along line, wire having slipped through the wires.' No further intelligence .has yet come to hand of the extent of the cyclone and the damage done. An Association match of the season was commenced on Saturday, in the Fre mantle Park, between teams representing the M.C.C., and F.C.C. The latter won the toss and sent their opponents to tbe wicket. The M.C.C. were dismissed A CoBimitt.ee meeting of the Fremantle Bowing Club was held in the Club Hotel on Thursday evening last. There were pre sent — Messrs. S. H. Wright (in. the chair), F. Hollis, J. J.Honnes, E. A. Fordham, and the Hon. Secretary, Mr. Jas. H. Rogers. After tbe election of a new member & letter was read from Messrs. Edwards & Son, Melbourne, containing estimates and speci fication for four-oared outrigger boats and wager beats. It was decided to forward the estimates to the Swan Biver Bowing Club and ask for a speedy decision as to which class of boat they prefer, eo as to enable both Clubs to get the boats round as soon as possible, that the senior crews may have time to train for the Club's An nual Regatta in June next. The Committee have to acknowledge with thanks the re ceipt of £2 2s. from Mr. T. H. Marshall, Vice-president of the Club, toward the Club funds. The election of crews to represent the Club at the forthcoming Regatta to be held in Perth on the 26th was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows : Junior Fours, S. Harwood, J. H. Rogers, W. Campbell and L. Fordham. Junior Pairs, J. H. Rogers, A. Cook. Junior Sculls, Tom Bhnco, Junior Double ScuUs, Tom Bunco and another. Maiden Fours, L. Hisks, J. Snook, J. Hicks, H. Hicks. Maiden Pairs, S. il. Wright, and F. Pead. Maiden Double Sculls, S. Harwood, F. Hollis. Maiden Sculls, F. Hollis, S. Harwood. We regret to annonnce the death, at his residence, Balgarrup, in the Eojonup dis trict, of Mr. Joseph Spencer, . the last surviving son of tbe late Sir Richard Spencer, KJL, one of the earliest Govern ment Residents at Albany. With the exception of a very short period Mr. Spencer had lived all bis life at Balgarrup, t*-t'?g a general interest in the affairs of bis district, and he vas one ef the few who remained of those who shared in the work of the development of the infant settle ment of King George's Sound, sixty years ago. It is very unlikely that the colony w'1 beiepresentedatthe nest meeting of the Federal Conference at Hobart in February next, but the Premier will, we believe, make every effort to have the colony represented at the Federal Convention in the following month, although it will be difficult to spare a luemlwr from his Cabinet. James Morrision, stock and station agent, reports : — At iny weekly pale held Thursday, 8th inst., no cattle were forward. A flock of Minninooka sheep, which might be described as in forward store order, realised from Cs. 3-1. to 7s. 3d. per head, averaging 6s. lOd. Since last report the Helena Yale lots in section A have been sold, Nos. 70, SI, 87 and 145. The mails for despatch from Albany during the present week by ocoan packets passing that port will be made up at the General Post-office as follows : — For the eastern colonies, &c.;, for transmission per P. & O. E.M.S. Victoria, on Wednesday, January 14, and for Europe and the East, 4c, for transmission per Orient B.M.S. Ornba, on Thursday, January 13, at the usual hour — 11.30 a.m. *? The following sales of land took place at the Survey Offiee on Thursday last : — Fre- mantle Lot 783, Josephson and Gallop, £85; Southern Cross Lot 13, Forrest and Has sell, £34 ; Souttt Perth Lot 104, James Murphy, £40. 