COUNTRY NEWS. \---» BiaECriWORTÏL WEDNiapAr. ? The election of members of the Beech- worth District Prospecting Bouid to-day' resulted «s follows:-Mr. AVjllinm lîndcliffe, of AVundiligong, to represent the district Mine-owners' Association ; Mr. Dnniel Turn- bull, of Stanley, for the Amnlgumnted Miners' Association ; Mr. Hiram Horrocks, of Eldorado, on behalf of the district muni- cipalities ; und Mr. Murphj*, of the One Mile, ns Mining Board representative. Mr. Henry. Duvidbon, district mining inspector, will con- tinuo to leprescnt the Govemnient upon the board. In only one instance--that of the mine-owners' representative--was there a contest, the other candidates besides Mr. llaelclilt'e, who secured a subitnntiiil majority, being Mr. Wiseman, of Stnnley, and Mr. Power, of the One Mile. CASTLEMAINE, TiiuiisdAv. . Maignrot lij'un, who wns arrested nt Barry's Beef, near Kyneton, j*o.stcrdny, charged with the murder of her husband in June lust, was brought to Castlemaine lo-duy and lodged in gaol. Tho borough council lins udoptcd the following resolution : " That a letter lie sent to the Government protest* iut- against tho apparently exorbitant scale of ollar-tes for auditing, tho murnini liebig 11 per cent, of the whole ratas of the CuHlcniaino borough." DAA'LESli'OIlD, AVkdxksiiav. On the 17th December inst the police chnrged a mun named James Thompson with indecent assault on n girl named Coppock at Stony Creek. The Bench-which consisted of the muyor nnd Messrs. Sainsbury and Donkin, J.P.'s-dismissed the case ; when Scnior-constiible Boyan, who prosecuted, stated that in nil his experience it wus the first time he had known a magistrate to pre- judge a case before it cunio into court, and then to sit on the bench and adjudicate on it, ns Mr, Sainsbury lind done thnt dnj!. Mr. Sainsbury said thnt he would bring the re murks of the senior-constable under tho notice of the Minister of Justice. To-day, at the conclusion of the business in court, Senior-constable Boynn, addressing the Bench, said that he had been onlered by his superiors to apologise to Mr. Sainsbury for the remarks ho had made after the hear- ing of Thompson's case, and, in obedience to the commands of liis-superior ofliccrs, ho npologiscd according])*, but nt tlie Bamo time be regretted that nu inquiry had not taken place;. Mr. Sainsbury baid ho accepted the apology, though lie was dissatisfied with its turms, as it wns evident that the scnior coiiBtablc was acting under compulsion. He ulso regretted that nu inejuiry hud not taken pjnee, but ns ho had no'ill feeling ngainst Sduior-constnble Boynn, he would let tlie innttcr rest.'-. At the monthly meeting of the council of the school of mines last night, the circular recently issued by the Education department promulgating new rules for the management of these institutions was under considera- tion. It was considered that some of tho proposed rules would press very unfairly on country schools, whilst others ? would provo unworkable. It was resolved to support the proposal for a general conference of tepre sentutives from the various schools being held to discuss thcipropoaed rules, and a sub- committee was appointed to take further action. KYABRAM, AVkd.nksiiav. A li re occurred lust night atthe farm of Mr. IticliurdTrevaskis. ' Two largo stacks of hoy, containing 200 tons, were burnt. The stacks ¡were uninsured. No one knows how the fire 'originated. , , "'. I. An extensive bush'fire is tobt seen lo-ilny lift'the direction of Mount Scobie.,' '. ' : .- ' ' POKTLAND; Tiit'ltsi-AY. I The second mate of the s.8. J)nwn was this evening knooked down the holel by a sling of cargo nnd.had his leg broken below the knee. This is the second accident of the kind that, has occurred within the past few mouths, the' first terminating fntnllj*. The exports of fish by rail during the pre- sent month have been about 800 baskets.' POr.T ALBERT, Tiiuiisdav. ' Extraordinary elections for the Soutli mid AVcstridlngsof the Alberton Shire Council took plnccto-duj*. IntheSouthlliding.Mr. Arthur Gellioii' polled 238 votes, nnd Mr. Jumes M'Ken/.io lliii, the majority for Mr. Gellion being 73. In tlie AVcst Hiding, Mr. \V. Jones, who wns a councillor several years ago, polled 212 votes, and Mr..Leonard DntTus, a new aBpirnnt, who had hot addressed tho ratepayers, polled 117, the majority for Mr. Jones being'12. There is a small return to come in, but it cannot afl'ect the íesult. AVAIIRNAMBOOL, Tuuiisiuv. Major-Gencral Tulloch and staff held an inspection of the Witrrnninliool Garrison Artillery this afternoon. There was a good muster on parade, Major llelpmnn being in command. The garrison were inspected in genernl drill, which elicited the commenda- tion of the commandant, who said that it was'tho best ho had yet inspected, and lie encouraged the garrison to make continued efforts in perfecting their c11 ii I. Rcl'ciring to the non-commissioned ofliccrs, he aniel that lind he not known to the contrniy he would have mistaken thom (or Imperial men, and lie was much pleased lo see that there was such excellent material in the colony tor the formation of a military serviré. The Wnunnmbool regatta committee met to-day, and wound np tlie iifl'uhsjn connec- tion with the late regatta. A Substantial credit balance was shown, mid it was decided to bold tho icgntta on Boxing Day niinuuliy. __________________ It was nuthorat'ively stated that telephonic communication between London and Paris «.as to have boon completely established and ready for employment by the public at the beginning of this rear 