INTERCOLONIAL. (FROM OUn OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, February 15. Business in the betting market was a shade easier yesterday, and the demand for Bungebah and Marvel for the Newmarket Handicap was so great that the pair hardened down to 8 to 1 each. Too Soon and Merriment had friends at 16 to 1, and 20 to 1 was offered against Teksum, Churchill, Bendigo, Pygmalion, Ginger, and Havilah. Concert was quoted at 25 to 1, and from 30 to 100 to 1 could be got about any others. For the Australiari Cup quotations are 6 to 1 each against Greygown and Megaphone, 7 to 1 Oorreze, IO to 1 The Admiral and Enuc, 12 to 1 Melos. In consequence of telegraphic advices re- ceived from the Agent-General the Postal Department has notified that on and after the 1st of March the old rates of postage to all countries except the United Kingdom will be reverted to. . ..Mr. Justice Manning is confined'to his bed with a severe attack of illness. * j - J . -An old man named Joyce, who is r alleged to be one of the survivors of the Balaclava Six Hundred was cbarged with vagrancy at Orange yesterday and sentenced to one month's im- prisonment. James Phipps, secretary of the Orange Per- manent Building Society, has been arrested on a charge of embezzling £200 from the sooiety. A Government cheque for £9, drawn by the Boads and Bridges Department on the bank of | New South Wales at Tamworth has been re- turned marked " presont again." News was received yesterday of the capsize of the schooner Helena Davis at Nambucca Heads, but so far only very meagre particulars 'are to hand. The schooner, whioh was under the command of Captain Haekman, left Sydney for the Bellinger Bivor on Tuesday last, and when crossing the bar at the latter port the heavy sea which was running got her broadside on and capsized her. The pilot's boat saw the disaster and went down to the assistance of the orew. After being beaten baok twice and partly filled, the pilot boat suoceeded at the third attempt in reaohing the disabled schooner, and taking off the second mate and one of the crew. Captain Haekman and the cook, whose name is un- known, and a passenger, Mr. Jacob Tomb, were drowned. The names of the survivors are Isaac Holm, tho mate, and William Anderson, an able seaman, who are now at the Pilot Station, and though badly bruised and knocked about, are able to walk. The sohooner is lying on the South Spit a complete wreok. She was of fifty-four tons burden, consigned to Mr. J. Eohmann, a saw-mill owner on the Bellinger River. She is owned by Mr. J. Kondio, of Sydney, and waa insured in the South British for £700. Captain Haokman leaves a widow and a young family. VICTORIA. Melbourne, February 15. The Premier has received a communication from the Seoretary to the Indian Government in reply to a letter drawing _ attention to the emigration of natives of India to Australia, in which it ia explained that in the India' Act of 1883 the word "immigrate" was the technical term defined to denoto the departure by sea of nativea of India under agreement to labour for hire in ^some foreign country. As the persons against whom the com- plaint is made by the Victorian Govern- ment did not appear to leave India under such agreement the Act could not apply to thom, and the law did not authorise police interference to prevent their departure from India. The Indian Government thought the only means in their power of furthering the wishes of the Victorian Government was to give publioity to the fact that the immigration to Viotoria of such persons was not desired. The Govern- ments on the Indian seaboard, as well as the Punjaub, have been requested to make this fact known. s A bushfire at Coorook, near Colac, on Satur- day, laid waste about five miles of country, destroying many miles of fencing. The Coorook Creamery, recently erected, was burnt to the ground. NEW ZEALAND. Auckland, February 15. The Hinemoa has returned from an unsuc- cessful search for the steamer Kakanui. The Campbell and Auckland Islands were visited, but no trace of the missing steamer was dis- covered. At the Snares some wreckage was found, including a teak gun and carriage marked Mis x H. The wreckage is believed to have been there for yearB. The direotors of the Standard Insurance Company have issued their report, in which they reoommend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 7J per cent. 