The destruction of eucalypts. VISIT OF MP. PERRIN,' In accordance with the promise made by the Minister of Agriculture in the House last week to Mr. A. S. Bailes, M P., the Conservator of Forests, Mr. Perrin, yesterday made an inspection of the trees in this district with a view to finding out the cause of the destruction of some of them. Mr, Perrin was accompanied by Mr. M'Cann. Crown lands bailiff, who has the supervision of the State forests in this district In company with Mr. Bailes they proceeded to the locality specially referred to by that gentleman, on the east side of the railway between Golden square and Kangaroo Flat; They found the trees, which are mostly ironbark, about 6 or 8 feet high, completely denuded of their leaves and to all appearance dead. This was evidently the work of a caterpillar, the name of which Mr Perrin was unable to state definitely. In addition to the caterpillars there was another insect, the pelora oxleyi, commonly called the stinging jack, which also assisted in the work of devastation. Specimens of both these insects were obtained by Mr Perria for Mr French, the Government entomologist, Sub-equently Mr Perrin inspected the trees at jackass Flat, where there is a bit of timber that has been destroyed by the ravages of the pest. This strip of infected timber stretches along the west side of the Bendigo valley for about seven miles. The insects are also to be seen on the eastern side of the creek but only in patches. In the neighborhood of the A**li malisation Reserve near the Isabella reef, the caterpillars are exceedingly numerous, and trees fifteen or twenty feet high have been rendered as dry and leafless as if a bushfire had passed over the place. The party then drove through the Wellsford State forest for some dis- tance. Large trees had been attacked here also, but not nearly to such an extent as in other places visited. The only enemy that the cate-r pillars appear to have is the crow, which feeds on then; greedily. This, however, is not nearly suf- ficient to keep them anything like in check. At present Mr Perrin is unable to suggest any remedy for the evil that would be effective, and at the same time not injure the tree. In the afternoon Mr Perrin visited one of Mr Geo. Lansell's Mines for the purpose of obtaining an idea of the class of timber mostly used for mining purposes. Mr Perrin returned to Melbourne by the even- ing train. 