" R.G.," DRUMMOND. — Unavoidably held over. ACCIDENTS.—George Dean, a resident of Glenhope, was admitted to the hospital suffering from a badly fractured leg. He was returning home from Mia Mia on Saturday evening, and, when passing over a crossing, he slipped on a stone and fell heavily, fracturing his left leg above the ancle. William West, aged 30, in the employ of Mr Zimmer, of Carlsruhe, met with a nasty accident yesterday. He was felling a tree, when his axe slipped and cut through his boot, inflicting a deep cut on the instep of his right foot. He was removed to the hospital, where his case received the necessary attention. OPERATION AT KYNETON PRIVATE HOSPITAL.—On Saturday last the wife of a well known Macedon resident, was submitted to a delicate and dangerous operation at the Kyneton Private Hospital. The operators were Drs Pes- tell? and J. H. Pestell, and Duncan, and their delicate work was most successfully performed. While in a critical state, the patient is expected to recover. THE MINERAL SPRING.—The pump placed on the mineral spring at Boggy Creek has been destroyed by some malicious individuals, and contempt for public rights has been evidenced by the notice-board offering a reward for th conviction of persons damaging the pump having been smeared with filth. A new pump of a different class has been placed upon the spring, and it is hoped that it will not be interfered with. SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION EXCURSION.— The annual excursion in connection with the Sunday School Union, which this year is to Ballarat, takes place to-morrow. If the number of tickets sold indicate a success this excursion should be a marked success, upwards of 800 tickets having been sold. A few remain and may be purchased to-day. The first train will leave the Kyneton station at 6.45 tomorrow morning, and will go straight on to Ballarat, arriving there at 10.7. The second train will leave at 7 o'clock, and trill pick up at Carlsruhe, Woodend Fern Hill, and Trentham. This train will leave Woodend at 7.20, and will reach Ballarat at 10.20. The trains will start on the return journey from Ballarat at 5.40 and 6.10. arriving at Kyneton at 9.17 and 9.55. The Gurden Steamboat Company will carry agcursionists? over Lake Wendouree at half price, and those who visit the Juvenile Exhibition will be admitted freeduring the remainder of their stay. Tickets are available for return till Tuesday, March 3. A CHILD KILLED BY UNRITE FRUIT.— During the past few weeks we have noted a number of cases in which young children had been killed by eating unripe fruit, and we regret a similar fatality which has occurred in the family of Mr Joseph Robbins, of East Kyneton. On Saturday night their yonngest child, a fine boy of 18 months, was put to bed apparently in the best of health. About 9 o'clock he awoke in great pain, as evidenced by his screams. Dr Pestell was called in, and notwithstanding his earnest endeavors and skilful attention the little one died on Sunday afternoon. The child was with some others in its grandfather's (Mr D. Robbins) garden on Saturday afternoon, picking up for pig's food fruit, that had fallen from the trees. Unconscious of danger it ate some of the fruit with the unfortunate result stated. The cause of death was cholera induced by eating un- ripe fruit. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved parents. : 8«S'«F FABM STOCK.—Mr. W. Good reports basing mold on behaU of Mr G. IF. Johnson J.P. to Mr J. philipson, fb« purchaser of Eliison, 118 fip>£ ^-attlf, 3 bo»ed, Mid all tfre irarkiflg plant, at A MADMAN or a man in delirium tremens \ attracted considerable attention on Saturday afternoon by bis pranks in various parts of the town. He raced about at the top of his epeed, and occasionally varied the proceedings by kneeling down and praying vigorously. He was a swagman, and that was all that is known of him. HOOSE-BREAKING AND ROBBERV. — It has been reported to the police that on Friday last, a house near Brown's gate on the main line between Kyneton _ and Carlsrnhe stations had been broken into, and that property to the value of £10 had been stolen. The house is occupied by Chas. Branch and M. Duffgan, two line' repairers. They went to their work shortly after 6.30 on Friday morning, and on returning at 5 in the afternoon found that the back windows had been broken, and an inner door burst open. The robbers took with them property valued at £10, consisting principally of clothing, but including a silver watch guard. The guard is described as consisting of long links joined by twisted links. Attached to the guard was an oval silver locket, having on one side the figure of a female. A straBge coat was found in one of the rooms, and Messrs Branch and Duggan believe it to have been worn by a stranger, whom they accommodated for a night about three weeks ago. POST-OFFICE MISMANAGEMENT. — One day last week a local investor in mining Btock enclosed in an envelope a number of scrip representing shares in one of_ the LauriBton mines, and with the scrip a cheque for calls doe. Be addressed the envelope to "The Manager of the G.M. Company," but having forgotten the address, the letter was laid aside till that necessary item of information could be ascertained. The gentleman in question had several other letters to post, and he dropped them into the pillar in Piper Street. Shortly afterwards he discovered that he had posted with the others that containing the scrip, and which was minus the addresB. The local postmaster was referred to, and a messenger was despatched to the pillar but it was found that it had in the meantime been cleared, and had been sent on to Melbourne. The mining manager's address having been ascertained he was at onoe adviBed of what had happened and was asked to obtain the letter from the G.P.O. At the same time the poBtal authorities in Melbourne-were communicated with and requested to send it on to its intended destination. Next day a letter was received from the mining manager stating that the letter could not be traced, and the same day the missing article was returned to its owner from the Dead Letter Office. Two days after the sender received a communication from the Deputy Postmaster- General, stating that the letter (which as stated had been returned to its owner) could not be f'und, though diligent search had been made for it. Evidentlv there iB too much red tape in the G.P.O. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES were held at the Independent Church on Sunday last, and attracted large congregations. The church was beautifully decorated with fruit, vegetables, and grain ; the music was appropriate and excellently e rendered ; and the sermons by the Rev. E. C. Isaac were eloquent references to the occasion. A HALF-CROWN was found on Saturday morning on the footpath in front of Mr M. K. Armstrong's shop. It was rolled up in a piece of paper, on which was written a list of articles of grocery which the money wis evidently intended to purchase. Apparently the coin bB longs to some person in poor circumstances, and we therefore mention thiB that the owner may obtain it by applying to Sergeant Young. ABBEST OF A 1 .T3NATIC.—On Saturday morning Sergeant Young received information that Mrs Malonev, of Carlsruhe, had been nearly murdered by he daughter, and Constable M'Carthy was despatched to take whatever steps might appear necessary. When he reached Mrs Madoney's, the daughter saw him and at once bolted towards the riv»r, but Bhe was captured and secured. Mrs Maloney said that her daughter had knocked her down and jumped on her head. The unfortunate young woman, Maria Maloney, has an illegitimate child about eight months old, and it is stated by the neighbors that ever since its birth she has been going wrong in her mind, and that she has attempted to drown her infant. During the past three weeks she has been very violent, and has thrashed several of the young people in the neighborhood. She was brought to the lockup, and will be brought before the bench this morning charged with lunacy. The unfortunate young woman clearly is bereft of her reason. She thinks that she is dead, having been murdered, yet yesterday morning she wanted Constable M*Carthy to hang her. She bears several marks of blows npon her face, and e possibly the bench will take steps to ascertain how they have been caused. ST. ANDREW'S LITERARY SOCIETY.—As advertised, the Rev. Geo. Tait, M.A., is to lecture this evening in St. Andrew's Church on "Australian national greatness and true patriotism." There should be a large attendance. PARTICULARS OF A WILL.—In last issue it was mentioned that probate bad been granted to the will .if the late Mr William Muntz, of Woodend. The following are particulars of the will:—William Muntz, of Woodend, farmer, by hiB will dated ll August IS. 1890, and presented for probate by Mr A. J. Major for Mr Henry J. Armstrong, solicitor, Kyneton, appointed James Sproule, of Woodend, storekeeper, and his cousin John Muntz, of Woodend North, former, his executors, and his wife Anne Muntz, his executrix. He left all bis property in his wife and children. The testator died on November 24, 1890, and bis will was sworn at £3792 real and £10,378 personal, Total, £14.170. THE NEW DIBECTOB of the School of Mines, Mr 5. Hughes, B.Sc , haB entered opon his duties, and all classes formerly ppjiducted by Mr MacLymont will be re-opened a* the ^indents present themselves. A fortnight of the firet term la gone, but the fees are BO small that the students will no doubt realise that they will lose more by absenting themselves t t for the term e aolitaiy shilling represented by a fortnight's Hme. An advertisement elsewhere invites former students in the Chemistry Botany classes to meet Mr Hughes at the timeB observed last quarter. LECTURES ON NUBSING.—On Tuesday next, March 3, a Nursing Class will be opened at the School of Mines by Dr J. H. Pestell, who so successfully conducted the Ambulance classes last year. The class will meet at 4 o'clock on the day mentioned. The fee for the course of lectures is IDs Sd. Nursing classes in Melbourne are even more popular than, tile Ambulance classes. Every lady should join the class. INSPECTION OF HOSPITALS.—The Royal Commission on Charities is now engaged in making an inspection of country hosmtalf ^nd asylumB. Last week the Comnisslon iHtfn'.'jpwi.,,.... eujmrisjad the r management _ of «n hospital in tiie JNortfi-ea^em district and found things jn "a diBgracefoj state. We nre certain ihat whenever the £om-: jnissięn may visit the local hospital eveiyitunp ?ąibeiojmd jfl proper ofdpjr. LANDS NOTIFICATIONS. — Application , for grant approved: Anthony Byrne, 9a 3r 35p, Trentham. — Application for license approved : Letitia Short, la lr, Gisborne.—Renewal of licenses approved: —James Babington, 20a; W. Clarke, 20a; W. GoodiBon senr., 20 ; Jno. Goodison, 20a; J. O'Keefe, 20a; R. Rodda, 19a ; Chas. Sornsen, 20a, (all at Trentham) ; P. M'Mahon, 19a ; C. M'Mahon, 20a, (both at Metcalfe).— License revoked: Jos. Muller, 4a 2r, Drammond; land sold. APPOINTMENT OF A TRACHEB..—Miss Janesina Harper haB been appointed jnnior assistant teacher iu Maluisbury State School, No. 1408. A RAILWAY LINE CLOSED.—The Railway Commissioners have decided to discontinue the regular running of trains on the line from Penshurst to Dunkeld in the western district. The line, which is a loop, is merely to be used as a convenience in future. The Agt states that according to the traffic returns, where it has earned £10 it has cost about £50; in other words, it costs the Railway department 5s to earn Is. Up to the end of last year it carried less than 600 passengers, and this not altogether as the result of purely local traffic, and granting that each passenger paid about 2s fare, the earnings from this branch of traffic, even admitting that there were 600 passengers, would be £60. The earnings from goods traffic amounted to about the same, so that in about four months the line earned the magnificent sum of £120, or for the sake of easy calculation, say £1 a day. CHANGING STATIONMASTERS.—Some further transfers of stationmasters have been ordered by the Railway Commissioners. Amongst the number of officials to be moved is Mr E. G. Kettle, who goes from Trentham to Wiokliffe Road Mr C Heatley, from the latter station, takes charge of Trentham. RELIEF FOR PUPIL TEACHERS.—The Minister of Education recently issued instructions tbat in future pupil teachers preparing for their final examinatins for certificates as teachers were to be relieved from the duty of teaching in the afternoon, when their places were to be taken by paid monitors, whom the head teachers will be authorised to nominate. Objection has been taken to this proposal, the Argiis remarks, on the ground that, particularly since the school age was reduced to 13 years, there are no monitors who are fit to control classes of chi ! dren, and that the result of the change must be a great lowering of discipline in the schools, besides a considerable falling off in the qmality of the teaching. To this t 1 e reply of the secretary of the Education Department is that this change was well considered before it was made. Female pupil teachers were continually breaking down in health under the double strain imposed npon them of teaching and studying for examination at the same time. The monitors will not be as efficient as the pupil teachers in the management of the classes, but the difference will not be serious, and the change waB absolutely neceeBaiv in the interests of the female pupil teachers, upon whom a cruel strain was imposed. A TEKBIBLE DOUBLE MUBDER was committed at Nsrbethong, in the Healesville district, on Friday night last. The victims were William Davis, a settler, who has livc-1 in the district for 25 years, and his wife. The former was found about half a mile from bia house at the Bide of the road, with his head battered in and his throat cut. Davis had the reputation of being of a miserly disposition and keeping money in the house, and it is suspected that someone well acquainted with his position and habits committed the murder for : he Bake of plunder. No clue has as yet been obtained as to the identity of the murderer. From all the indications it is thought that the wife was murdered as she lay asleep r in bed, while her husband was putting up his horse, after returning from the local hotel. Then Davis, seeing a strange man come out of his house, followed him on the road with an axe. After going Bome distance, the murderer turned upon him, got possession of the axe, and used it to kill Davis, afterwards dragging the body under the ferns. Black trackers, besides troopers and police, are scouring the country, and no stone will be left unturned to bring the perpetrator of the dastardly crime to justice NEW POTATOES.—The Minister of Agriculture learns that there are about 100 new varieties of potatoes ready for distribution at the Royal Agricultural Society's gardens, Richmond. Small quantities may be obtained on application. A SINGULAR CASE of blood-poisoning with fatal result has occurred at Gaffney's Creek, the victim being a child two years of age, son of Mr J. Benford, engineer at the A1 mine. The boy is supposed to have been bitten or stung by a venomouB insect. Mrs Benford says the child was in bis usual good health when she put him to sleep in his cot on Friday night. She was awakened by the screams of the boy at about 12 o'clock, and had considerable difficulty in pacifying him. On Saturday the child sickened, and went into convulsions, and his right arm became swollen and slightly discolored. Dr Hamilton, of Wood's Point, was sent for, and on arrival pronounced it a case of blood-poisoning. He made two incisions, and otherwise treated the patient, but the venom was too well established, and, in spite of all efforts, reached the brain of the child, who died. There is a black spider common enough there known to be venomous, and it is thought the child was bitten by one of these. SUFFERERS BY FIRE. — Mr Seymonr, formerly of Redesdale, and Mr Ualone, a former resident of Malmehury, are now located at Colac. Bush-fires devastated their neighborhood a few days ago, and both gentlemen sustained considerable loss, in which they have the lympathies of their friends. A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY wąs enacted at Broadford on Friday evening. A rail-; way ganger named Campbell, who bad been drinking heavily, after an altercation with his wife fired three shots at her with a revolver, wounding her seriously. He afterwards fired unsuccessfully at ms mothfsr-j|irlaw. and at once committed snicide himself. " Campbell ivas 27 years of age- There is a family of four children. AUTUMN MILLINERY, . &C.; — We notice by the alteration of Craig, Williamson and Thomas' advertisement that they hape poppaenced their Show of Autumn and winter GopęU. In addition to their immense stock of Draper, furniture, &c.;, they have recently started a Bonj Department, where Ladies', Gentlemen's and Children's Boots can be obtained at wholesale prices ipj gash.—£A»yx.] 