PASTORAL INTELLIGENCE. Messrs. Barker & Chambers have received the following telegram from their agent at Tibooburra, N.S.W.:—" 1*600 inches of rain here, 3*600 at Wanaaring. It is still raining. Appearance of a heavy falL" [From the Pastoral Times, January 17.] The weather has been only moderately warm during the week, and the total of 1*600 inches of ram, which was registered on Friday and {Saturday of last week, has done a considerable amount of good to the pastures. The tanks particularly were' largely benefited, and *the pastures where there is any shade are already growing well. Good green grass can even be seen in the streets about the tree guards, and along the river bank some excellent patches of feed 'are to be found. There are very few stock movements, and business generally is stagnant and destitute of animation. Fortunately no bush fires have occurred in this district this. year with the exception of one or two about Tocumwal of limited extent. On the stations things are very quiet. The wool is now all away, and there is veiy little to do beyond general improvements until Jhe next lambing begins.' The river at. Deniliquin has risen -about nine inches during the week. The heat was intense in Bonrke met week, and for three days continuously the thermometer ranged! from 110° to 114° in the shade. Steady rain set. in after, and over an inch and a half was re corded. This serviceable downpour hqs done 1 an immense amount of good, not only to the pastures but to the tanks, many of which were badly in need of replenishing. The river | is down to 8 ft. '4 in. above summer level, and ; the lest steamer up stream has had veiy great difficulty in returning. At Barringun, on the 1 Queensland Border, the weather has been very hot and dry. The rain whioh visited Bourke reached there only in small quantities, and there is a general demand for a good fall ; 'The pastures are completely dried up, and the tank supplies are nearly exhausted. On the frontages there is still a little feed to be ob tained, but back from the river the outlook is a most unsatisfactory one. During the first week of the year intense heat prevailed at Thargomindah, and then heavy rain set in. Two inches were registered, and the fall was general throughout a large extent of the adjacent country. A good fresh came down the Warrego, but the water soon passed away and left the bed again dry. About Adavale good serviceable rain fell since the new year, and a light flood oame down the channels of the Bulloo and the Blackwater. \- At Wilcannia the thermometer last week went up to 110° in the shade, and since then good showers of rain fell.' The' total fall was 137' points.' Louth had 115, Tilna 224, andMiirtee 109\. a Down the toad towards Ivanhqe82 points fell in twenty minutes, but the storm'was almost purely local. The fall in the tempera ture after the rain was remarkable, i Just previous to the rain the thermometer showed. 110° and just afterwards it fell to 57°, a: .difference of 53° of shade temperature, in' twenty-four hours. From Yantara welearn-of the following stock passingA. Johnston . ,wxth 309 fat cows from 'Noocafu^gja' for Ade laide; E. King passed with 338 mixed fats from .ThaTOomindah , Station, for "Broken Bill'; H. . Halls passed with 405 fat bullocks from Milo for Adelaide. At Dubbo the. weather has.been. most-changeable, and as most other places from which advices have been received': the .heat' was at., times intense,' apd was fol lowed by a good fall of rain. Over .an inch fell at Dubbo, and it was much heavier in some parts of the district. About Beak Hill two inches fell, and there was about the same quantity down the Macquafie and Castlereagh. The rain has extinguished the bush fires which' were raging, and has given the new grass a spring, besidps which it has added to the nearly exhausted tanks.. Towards the end of last' week there was some fearfully hot weather at Coonamble, and it was followed by 141\. points of rain. Cool-weather followed, ,and all the bushfires were extinguished by the rain, and an immense amount of further damage was thereby prevented. ; Forbes oame. in for the extreme neat experienced last week,, and the rain a total of 137 points being registered there. Since the rain the weather has been cool. The pastures badly needed the moisture. Last week's rain was not so heavy up the Murrumbidgee and the Murray as it was at Deniliquin, - and a further good fall . would be weloomed about Wagga and Albury: At Albury the river rose suddenly towards the end Of last week, and weut up to ' 12 ft. above summer level, but it fell nearly as quickly as it rose. The fresh will.be scarcely perceptible here as the flood water will be lost m lagoons before it reaches this lower part of the river. About Urana and Jerilderie the fain was of a serviceable charooter last week, but more is still required there. The weather, with the exception of one or two days, has been remarkably cool for this season of the year. At Narandera the rabbit pest is causing increasing anxiety, and there is a good deal of speculation as to the effect which the provisions of the. new Babbit Act will have; upon the \- vermin.. There is no change reported from Hay. Our correspondent-at Birdsville writes on January 10 :—"The weather here is very cool.' About'half an_ inch of rain has fallen during . the past fortnight, but at different' stations around us they have been more fortunate than we have, in some places 2 or 3 incnes having fallen." 