Pastoral News, Stock Movements, and Markets. FoEBBs STOCK REPORT.-Friday evening, Dec. l8 : Fine weather still prevails, and were it not for harvesting operations a good steady downpour o£ two or three inches would be of great benefit. Though grass is still as plentiful as ever, it is be- ginning to get rather dry, and in one or two places some fairly large bush fires have occurred. Busi- ness continues about as usual, except in the stock market where things are particularly slack, the low prices ruling for both cattle and sheep pre- venting vendors disposing of them at anything like a profit. The following are the stock passings since last report; 331 bullocks (11th Dec.) from Fairlie station (Q.) to Wodonga, R. Williams owner;. 12,000 wethers (13th Dec.) from Toralle station (Bourke) to Cootamundra, J. and W. Mcclintock owners ; 10,200 wethers (15th Dec.) from Queens- land to Goulburn, A. G. Finlay owner; 15,000 wethers (16th Dec.) from Queensland to Temora, J. Somerville owner; 830 bullocks (16th Dec.) from Cressell and Eva stations (Q.) to Wodonga, De Salis, McKinnon and Maher owners.-Forles Times. DENILIQUIN STOCK REPORT.-Friday evening^ December l8, 1891.-The weather has been fine and cool during the week. The pastures are now drying up rapidly, and every breeze of wind drives clouds of grass about. A good fall of rain would be welcome, but there does not seem to be any in. dication of a change for some time to come. No more bush-fires have occurred this week and none are wonted. Those of ' last week were particularly extensive and disastrous. They were burning on North Deniliquin, Perricoota, and Woorooma, three different directions from the town, almost simul-r taneously. The wool season is over, but there are still a few odd bales of wool dribbling into the rail- way station. The stock passings are falling off, but the stock routes remain in fairly good condi- tion. The following are the crossings at ¡Denili- quin bridge for the week:-200 store sheep to Macalister's selection; 3500 store ewes from Booabula to Echuca ; 1000 fat wethers from Toogimbie to Melbourne ; also 19 fat cattle from Quiamong, 44 fat cattle (Ricketson's), 50 fat cattle from Moroco, and 2000 fat wethers from Tubbo, all to Melbourne. The river at Deniliquin is nearly down to summer level. On Monday next Messrs. Mackenzie Bros, will send away 16 trucks of fafc sheep from Murgha ; and on Tuesday next r10 trucks of fat cattle (R. Vagg's), to Powers, Ruther and Co. Mr. Wooldridge forwarded yesterday 20 , trucks of fat sheep from Baratta, to Dougharty and Parker. Messrs. Braim, Davidson, and Stevenson . will truck on Monday 620 ewes and 1, truck o£ calves, on account R. Landale, to E. Trenchardand Co. In local transactions Messrs. Braim, Davidson, and Stevenson, Deniliquin, Wagga Wagga, and Hay, report sale of 3015 ewes on account W« » Church, Hillston ; 10 fat cattle account John Stitt j and delivery of 4340 2-tooth ewes on account of J. H. Blackwood, Booabula.-Pastoral Times. ' , Mr. Armstrong, the husband of Mdme Melba is a good-looking athlete of 30, who, as a rough-rider, had few equals in Australia. When Buffalo Bill's Show was at West Kensington, 'Armstrong seized the opportunity of showing his friends what he could do outside a horse, and accepted Colona! Cody's general challenge to ride his buck-jumpers. One of the nastiest of the fiery untamed steeds'waB trotted out, and on to its back leaped Armstrong and there remained, despite all the animal's efforts to shift him. " I guess you've been at this game before, young fiar," said the Colonel, not over pleased, as. he slunk off to his tent. 