NOTES FROM WANDERING. (From our CorrespondehtO Harvesting operations! ; are aboub com plete and results* are satisfactory in most instances, the yield of. wheat being from 12 to 15 bushels to the acre. .There -was 'a are*r extent of hind under crop than usual. and anyone passing through Wandering three or four weeks back, might ; have! ob served two self-raking reapers and five or six strippers, all being worked in adjoin ing fields. Fruit is abundant and of very good quality in most instances, particularly plums, many of the trees almost breaking down with the weight of fruit. . ;t , : TheBev. W. Marshall visited the district on tho 3rd instant to holl a catechism class, as.it is the intention of his lordship the Bishop to be here on the 11th of March to confirm all who. may be presented for the r sception of the solemn rite. ! : ? ; Our annual race meeting is to come off on the 12th of March, and if rumour speaks correctly it will include more than, the usual attra tions ? '; ; Hawkers are always ' showing up^-'.some on foot and some with four-wheelers, and the problem is how so many can make the business pay. . . ??- ? The Great Southern Eailway Company have a party of surveyors camped here, ap parently busy running lines.; Bushfires are evidently burning a great extent of pasturage, as ? we are almost surrounded by them, but fortunately ; none have approached very close as yet. -: ? ; I have to record the sudden and untime ly death of a young woman, the wife of Mr. Thomas Darcey, jun., the result, I believe, of sunstroke. She leaves two young children. Her husband is much to bfi pitied, as it is only about 12 months ago that he had everything burnt, and ? now, besides losing his wife, he is left with the burden of two young children, to be brought up without a mother's care. We are all expecting great things as a result of the new form of (iovernment. A big loan seems to be the idea as something to start with. I supp-se that means more taxation.. Eoads seem to be quite ignored now- a-day, and not a fraction of this big proposed loan is to be devoted ito uheir improvement, as far as I can see.: [A vote of JE 10,000 appears onthe general es timates for 1891 -lot roads and bridges.— Ed.] ....... ....:.- : . ^1 'hops our member, 'Mr \Piesse,' wilt endeavor to have some .alteration made in our mail arrangements, so that we may. have, a .weekly service ; through from ? Pin gelly, independent of the Williams mail. ?;:''F«bruarx23. 'i'i'.l'.',;i',- : ' ,'.' ' '?' ;.'.', '-. ; 