VICTORIA, M??sBOURNE, Monday. ANOTHEB lIBE. A serious bush-fire took place at Beau morris to.day. The tramway stables were saved with difficulty. TBHE USUAL VERBBDIOT. At the inquest on the body of Adolphe Dehaise, aged 71, who threw himself into the Yarra on Saturday night, a verdict of suicide, while suffering from temporary insanity, was returned. CLAIMs ON THE BhAILWAY. A large number of claims have already been sent in for the property.destroyed at last night's fire in the luggage-room at Spencer-street railway station. The originof the fire is still a mystery. The Railway Commissioners had a running insurance to the extent of £500, but have received claims amounting toseveralthousand pounds. To.day another fire occurred close to the station. Several trucks of hay were com pletely destroyed. THE WEATHER. Yesterday and to-day the weather was dreadfully hot. A change is expected shortly. Reports state that large bush-fires are devastating the country. KILLED AT A lUNERAL. James Fadoliffe, a young railway guard, was riding home from the fuseral of a relative at Ballarat yesterday, when the horse bolted, throwing him out of the vehicle. His skull was fractured, and he was carried home a corpse. Several others in a buggy were injured, but not seriously. THE COLLISION ON SATURDAY. The sailor injured by the collision of the Elingamite and the Despatch on Saturday is still in a precarious state. A FATAL BIDB. Victor Boardman, aged 11, was thrown from his horse and had his skull fractured and eye kicked out. There is no hope of his recovery. HEAVTY SENTENCES. Judge Casoy imposed several more heavy sentences to-day of seven and five years, saying that he was determined to shut up confirmed criminals like wild beasts, to pre coot them doing further injury. ?LOWING A GALE. During a heavy gale this morning a number of small vessels drifted from their moorings at Port Melbourneo and Williamstown. A boat containing two fishermen capsized, and one was drowned. A TRANSPOBRMATION SENE. Two well-known criminals, who imper. sonated detectives, and obtained £60 by means of false pretences, were arrested to day. FIBE AT PRAHRBLAN. At Prahran early this morning three shops were totally destroyed by fire. BLOWN OUT TO SEBBA. Three bojs and a fisherman are supposed to have been blown out to sea this morning. They are still missing. DIED FROM BILOOD?POISONING. James Nairn, late seaman of the ship Orion, who was moved to the hospital suffer ing from lead poisoning, died to-day. 