PUinisnRis laVRR TUoDAT A°ND FRIDAY. FRIDAY, MARCH 13, 1891. On page four may be found a report of the Borough Council iseeting; and, in a msip plement to the T'imes, an article of interest to farmers, entitlel" 'Holding for highest prices. The Minister for , Water Supply (Mr. Graham) has intimated; that he will arrive in Horsham by the midday train on Tuesday. next.+ His party will include the hon. Walter Madden; M. LA., for Horsham, Mr. Stuart Murray, Engineer-in-Chief, and Mr. Meakin, Secretary of the Water Supply departmient. As far as has yet been ar-: ranged, the programme for the first day only has been settled, and that is' as fol lowe :-The Ministerial party will be met at the railway station by the authorities of the Western Wimmera Irrigation Trust,. the Winimera Shlir, Horsham Borough, and Arapiles Shire Councils, and escorted to the Royal Hotel, where they will be welcomed over a glass of wine and where they will rest and have luncheon. Later on in the after noon it is expected that the Minister will attend at the Shire Halland receive deputa tions. There has been so much discontenit and misconception on the part of a large number of residents within the Irrigation Trust area for months past that it is to be hoped they will not miss the opportunity of making their wants known to the Minister, who is making a tour through all the water. works districts with the object of becoming conversant with the working of the various trusts and the views of the ratepayers. If the dissatisfied ones neglect the opportunity to be afforded them next week repining may be useless afterwards. We have been asked to draw attention to advertisemente- by:the secretaries of the Shires of Wimmera and Arapiles in to-day's Times intimating that notice of intention to wait on the Minister on the part of any deputation should be sent in as early as possible to Mr. Pemberton or `Mr. Warn respectively. Itis expected that after disposing of the business to be put before him, Mr. Graham will endeavor to see as much of the country as possible before leaving TTorasham on Friday. It is scarcely necessary to remind the local public tlhat the autumn slow of the Horticultural 'Society will be held at the Orderly Room to-day, commencing at 2 p.m. The schedule includes a number of classes not hitherto represented, and, under the head of Vegetables, prizes are also offered for wheat, barley, oats and fodder plants, tobacco and preserves. The proceedings will be enlivened during the evening by the Liedertafel orchestra who, under Professor Andrews, have kindly promised to play some selections. We learn from the secre tary, Mr. North, that tile entries from the country are far more numerous this autumn than usual. We are asked to intimate that the rule requiring all articles for competi tion to be at the hall before 10 a.m. to-day will be strictly enforced. To-morrow has been fixed upon as Hos pital Saturday, andlists having been left at most of the business places in town it is hoped that the employers and those draw ing wages will give according to their means towards this exceedingly worthy institu tion. All interested in the Dimboola to Werrap, Salisbury to Netherby, and Warracknabeal to Galaquil proposed lines of railway.are again reminded that the No. 2 Sectional Committee will arrive at Dimboola by the Adelaide express next Monday, and will take evidence in the local Shire Hal at 8.30 gi a.m.n on.Tlsday. Subsequently they will ra drive. to Jeparit, remaining at Carrick's of hotel all night. On WVednesday they will 11 drive to Netherby, Woorak and Silislbury, yi journeying thence to Nhill by the evening in train, antl after taking evidence there on in Thursday they aire to leave for Warrackna- w beal, and on Fridia ',will drive over the pro. ai posed line to Galaquil and on to Cooroing, I returning in time to catch the Adelaide ex- H pressbt lMurtoa so as to arrive in Mel- p bourne a?t on Saturday morning. The No. 2 el Sectional Committee comprises Me!srs. Zeal s (chairman), Ceo. Yoang, (.ore, Anderson, si Taverner and A. Young. t SOur cablegram-s frorn.Lnnddo niiiHlt5 w: Jw of terrible disasters , in iconsequence of a snowstorm of unparalleled severity in Eng land. c On Sunday next at 11 a.m. a confirmation service will be held at St. John's Church of i England by the Bishop of Ballarat. At 3.15 p.m. he will conduct a children's d ser~ie;·'ind at 7 p.m: twilliagain liscourse. Large congregations will doubtless attend' to hear Di. Thhiito'li who is recognised as J one of the ablot;Atreechers ini the colony. I Frihtilri is8ldriey cbrrespondent'sw tele- C gram it will be seen that the delegates d generally'express tlie belief that all difficuli t ties at the Federation" Convention willbeI )overcome. ' SThe trustees of the Savings Bank about to B Io established in Horsham met at the Town a Hull on Tiesda.?to appoint an actuary and I a clerk.1. Thirtyfive applications; were re ceived tor the-former position, ad. Mr. W. s F. Eddie;.whdois at present filling a similar position in the Portland Savings Bank, was unanimously elected. From the high com mehdatidn of his tdperiior officers, as well as of the leading residents of Portlaiid, Mr.: Eddie should not only make the new bank a success, lut iea' decided acquisition to Horsham'l as a townsmani. , Master, John Rasmussen, son 'of.the late Mr. C. G. Ras mussen, was appointed clerk ' ..' . " . The Borough Council some ,t!ree: years ago agreed to share expenses with the Win-. mera Shire' Codiscil to miake trafic safe on the one- chain laie sivliii forms the?ounodiry between the two municipalities. Taking their word as a bohand the shire authorities, being also convinced that a culvert inl the thoroughfare was urgently necessary to pre vent accident, called for tenders to be re turned to-morroas. At the meeting of the former.bodroni-Wedne.sy ,niglht a feeling 1 seemsed to lb existent againstspending any I more money on this locality; and, the result of Mr.-' Bchanii?h'si''appe?fiaic-las ele'rk of works for the , shire to ask the Borough Council to guarantee the mi?Xei(tiie tenders being. abdot'i 'tob be:,opeoed)t was! that the t town clerk was instructed to bring up a reportf ofv l ii nici' oifbiey had already been spent on the lane and how much was involved in the expenditutre'of wrks alrea'dy decided on in this year's, estimates; I was, however, suggested that the m.uyor, phould, mterview the shire authorities on this question, and, -if advisable, guarantee the payment of the moiety next year, the shire to ca?ry out the work.', If the needi"odiia'ke tli "tliiroughi fare sanefe and so obviat accidcn asd, pro bably much ultimateeuipense 'is ?as alleged, it would' be well if no hitch were allowed to occur at this s?tage?i'' . .. .. .. The ,heat appears, to .e working up as usual towardsthe. end? of the week' ' Teri record as taken at the Shire Office is as fol lows: -Monday' (hi hest registered heait in the shaied , 84 f"Tuesdilay 88';' WVednesday; 90; yest rday,:93" TIhe.Ohervatocy fore cast for to dayis- Fie, siwtih light and variable " wiuds;", tiending .,to . unsettled weiather iniithe ensterti pairts'of the colony.: The following accounts iawait paymenit at the Hlrsham Receipt anid Pay Office - Bentley, J. 1 Campbell: iJ .Cavanagh, .. Claytoin; .i ildlpin;,.T.'?S.'Joehnson;ciMay said Millar A, M WD.onald, V'. "J. Nakoei: Rutpaii,?;p Good' Teniplixrs'' Hall 'Trstees, B Richer, C-: it. ;SprakeI',Stokes,', ."J.; The- barough au thorities, have, resol?ed to ask the Gas Compatiy,for aprice for lighting. the streets for the six mouths from the Ist prox., aoil to get the lanterns in readliiess, for.., the illumination ,i,Tenders for. the latter work-repairing,dpaiuting and fixing are called by ailveitisement today and are returnable- for ,next ;Tuesday, ;when a apecial meeting of the council..ill he i held (after,:theimeeting iof the Water iTrust) to consider thei?and other.tenders for repairs t tramway' trucksI" Mles?rI. ,AHockiig 'ad 'P.?M.Flemiiing, J'sP., were on the Horsham bench ij Tues: day when the only caEses were as follow :-E. A.' Mfannheim- v.-!F.,[ West,' -£4-'5s ;:iMrr. Cathiarit for the o iiplanantand Mr.Ireland for. tie defendanli Thi wi.as clalti for 'a smit of clothes. ordered ?for tlhe defendiant who was ais apprentice at, the time.: Order 'forthe amiount with 2.3 6di cost. -: George Hallam v.I. ABell, £48,workandlabor done.; Mr. Power foriithe coniplainant,;: for whom an order was made with 26s costs. A banlk. holiiy hs been proclaimed 'for Tuesday next, St. Patrick's Day. 'It has to be recorded as an.unique fact in the expericeie of the police: in Horsham ,that for 17 days there has been no arrest made in tbh9 orough. It oay bea. good moral sign, and it may mean that there m'not too much money.'fyinmg around ;but: in:spit'e of the occasiorially hot weather we have had during more thain a: fortnight nd' mani; or woinan has had a policemain's hlind tiit 'h the shoulder for being driaik or for, doing nilything' wrbng whatever. This reminds one of the story of a poor hbul virtuousatriin. ger visiting'a town and bdeing startled by:a policeman laying his hand on his shoulder. And when the iaunocent arresao declared that he had done nothing, the policeman replied that was jnust where 'it came in. "You've done nothing, and' e'e done no thing for a month, aid. ;iless I run- yod in on some charge or other I'll get the sack." The tableaur rcost's given with so -much Ssuccess on Friday and described at length in last issue of the Timnsi, were again presented on Tuesday evening at the ,Orderly Room. Two addled features were given, viz.,a grand march of all the chlar otters,' which took place after the interval and a picture of "Home they brought ber warrior ,dead." The' latter was a most successful presentation, t the bereaved wife heing Mrs. L. Baylis,.the. nurse, Miss Cross,and the ottendant maiden, Miss' Lewis. Tile child was little Chsrlie Wright, and tihe deceased warrior,' in two difbferent scenes, was impersonated by Mir. W. Barrett audl ir. (ullan. Messrs. L. and F. Smith appeared as coiiratles of the late Iwarrior. A. mieeting of tl e conmmittee, was i held ou Wedlnesday whenu there were pre F sent Mrs. 'l'uncr ani .Mrs. Crowtlher, andl Messras. G. Reed, Porter, North, Dunbar, Jesse, Stevens and Attwood. Votes of thainks were accoided as follows:--To all Sthose not coneeteds with St. John's Church Sof England Ssunday school, who assisted in the tableaux; to tile Hlorshamu orchestra; to Mr. Shapland, to Mr. G.Walters, aul finally every one who had assisted in the tableaux Svivants. Gonislderable interet was taken in the appoiitment of a working overseer for tile borough. at a salary of £3 per week, which r was made by the council on Wednesday night. The exhaust ballot was used to redn~e the nine applications received, first Sto-five, then.to four, theo to two, when there was a tie, and ultimately the coveted billet fell to Nir. Peter Basher who has for a Snumber of years been working satisfactorily under the municipality. The vac?ant seat in the Arapiles Shire Conscit cansed by 'ithe retirement of Cr. I JohKuse,' whoitis probeesing to Queens. lanIdl,i snot to 'be a walkl-over, Mr. James i Williams oandr::Mr. Thomnas Graco having a been nominated. . I An interesting incident durio grees of the day's proOeeding at t?he - races, on Wednesday, was the ati of a silver stop-watch and chain senPtatio iH. 3MerredBih, who had been for years secretary of tile clu, before moval to Hoorshlm. The resentation made by the president, Mr. Iector ~1 ' who said the gift was in token of the icet anti respect Mr. Meredit had eSeo while he had been the secretarly ?of thane He had carried out his duties to ti ll plete satisfaction of the ote-war l he nto be cestistaldl aaysscherish Itay he ithit that the wacteh and chain were n"r not alone by members of the Natimuk rce club but also by the public. SThe inquest on thebody of the man ile is supposed to have committed suiidde Dimboola ;lasts week, as reported i a Ta. day's Tiinei, will be resumed to-day. cording;to the Banner, "the polic have somehow got hold of the idea that .l Johnson is no other than Colston, them who is wanted for 'the Narhethong marde Colston is said to have been a sailor onrao dier and to have followed lately theoaoe tions of a carpenter. The deceasel had seafaring appearance, and the ndertltle who buried him avers that his right htal gave evidence of the use of carpenters' teo !at some period of his life." As bowe Johnson was at Kenny's hotel, Hiorsha, from 19th Februisry to 2nd inst, he a scarcely be identical with Colston. A painful accident, which very nearly ended fatally, occurred at Mr. F. Tollner's farm, Natimuk, on Sunday morning last. It appears Mr. Tollner and one of his men, Dawson McAdams, were starting away on horseback when McAdam's horse commenced bucking and threw its rider heavily. He, says the Mail, was picked up in an unconscious state, bleeding profusely and Dr. White was at once sent for. The doctor found the unfortunate man suffering from a slight concussion of the brain and some severe bruises and cuts on various parts of the face. For a considerable length of time McAdams lay in a critical condition but we are informed he is now doing much better and almost out of danger. !The con'demned men, Wilson and Phehi in the Melbourne gaol, appear to be resi o to their doom. Wilson, it.will he reom hbereld, was, convicted for the nmurderof h betrothed, ;Stella Marks, whose throat s cut with a razor whilst out for a walk afit Sunday evenings aigo. TheExecntiveoc~ dered his case on Tuesday and were sdvoi by Mr..Fustice Molesworth, the judgesh tried the prisoner, but after two hours'ms sideration decided that the law should th its course. The executions was fixed Is Mdonday, 23rLd. inst.'. Phelan'a convictis was for the murder of his former pamaeo Ada Hatton. The Minister of Water Supply htu deplorable talei to tell of the inanagened of the Euhica and t Warag nga Water Sup~ Trnst.:: He states that no proper superns ion is being maintained over the chaue ? and. ocdrs w\vhich cost somethinog O? £116,000 are going to destruction. He als found - that peopl who had no right to th water were diverting it from the channek 'In one case at Rushworth, says the Ilumle a man was found enjoying a good irribcigi supply upon his property in a very ine~pg cable manner. y some means or ,th l of its own accord, water had diverted itld from the channel into his graziog padldko then flowed through the paddock into is garden,from there to his piggery, and theu to a couple of dains, where it conveniently stored itself for use of stock. The l1inaer thought the' settler was considerably to blanie for this eccentriclty on the patd the water, and a summions for unauthirsd use of it has been taken out againstl him. A railway accident occurred at Arraats WeVdnesday, tile following particulars hei a received by wire from the local correpe g dent of the P. C. Atro :- Mr. Them, ?el t teacher at the Ararat State School, halt I, miraculous escape from death to-day. gi e crossing the railway line he did notpcnad g a train approaching, and the engitnestrif.i o him, carried him 20 or 30 yardas before a could be stopped. i, Luckily he caught dll i of the cow-catcher and held on, bnt he sa o nearly i ehaiusted when it stoppedi. tl a Thom sustained no injuries beyond a serv shaking, imand wds'alle to walk home. Quite a sensation was caused at thelfha s ton Supreme Court on Tuesday dltringth trial of Cornelitias Bourke for the murderd a fellow 'prisoner in Hamilton Gaol on Its 24th February. The jury found primsa guilty ofiwilful, murder, but added a stret recommendation to mercy on account of 0i r age and growing infirmities. lIis Honort P Chief Justice, on passing sentence, saidl h t. would duly forward the jury's recomnmesnl n tiontothe representative of theCreon,wn, saya'the Tdegrtaph,he wasrudely interruptd r by the prisoner, who kept on interruptin till the end. When the judge uttered the :t closing Wdids',:' May God have mtercy T your, soul" the prisoner shouted, "LHas it mercy on your own; never mind Gal' SThiosee ireseift wore horrified at this reoh Sing scene, and no one stirred till the pi 5 soner had been removed. The police authorities have issucd a se rant for the arrest of William Colsto, th missing earpenter, on a charge of wilfli murdering Mr. and Mrs. Davies, at .n bethong, on the Sl2t of February. a: A telegram from Adelaide states that young womnin named Marian Keel, aged Swaslighting the fireat her father'shoustm SSaturday, when her clothes caught fire,t . although her screams brought inttedilstatt sistance, and the flames were pit iotl a blankets, 'she was literally roasted, n died on Sunday h It is only some three weeks ago that the SWestern district had, such a visitati0is lthe shape of bush.fires tlha it; washopd . the short spad of summer that ws ldt would pass by Wvithout inducing slh k another calamity. How vain sny tsutht Shas been. may be gleaned fromt the repon e of fires in almost every part of the IIgetsle district. Frboi Mount Napier Stationo the sosthern limit of Tarroae isa chied and blackened tract of country In t SDunkeld district thle amiont of dis" Sdone aslonly a little less extensie, i rep?rt ~t suffoering and destrlctiona cms d from Knebsworth aiid Ardonaclle, wsae to the:evil element has also flosrished It a fact, says the Spectator, from all p?itd the district there are records of ires, I the resulting loas of sheep, grao, fesod etc. The greatest damage has beotn done Sthe Macarthur district. II During the excessive hcat of Sunays t O young man, while walking in Willismstor n with two companions, fell dowt . .ns.tlSr SSo adden was the stroke that he fell 5ith y out being observed, those with him i SkLnowing what had ihappened until mitis himu from theicr side. W het they foun his She was uncons-ious. The esufferer w"S moved to a doctor's, and has sisce pottcP h sed toward recovery. y An albatross was olserved swimmiol :o feeblyaeross the bar of the River S" at 0t Freemantle on Thursday morning. ht en bird was shot, when it was foudl that d piece of wood bound to the neck by i a wire bore the worlds, " Barqie Sarah, It y 38, long. 98." It may be mentions~t singular .oincidlence that the birnd wi Swithin a few Ihutdred yardls of the slT r. where an albatross was found dead on te s. beach some two years ago, having ad is plate fastened to the neck, with an intsi g tion relating to 10 French castaWay I on the Crorzet Islands. The lightning no Sioinay was very-v;i<T ,av a Casterton icorrespondentaot the . ilton "Tribune"), and has done con iderable mischief. A poplar treejini thei siddle of the township of Merino was truck, and a large portion splintered and thrown some distance. ,Mrs. iMcDonaldt Was standing not more than two yards off at the mo"met, and had " death in visible hape" at her elbow for a moment,-the lig.htinu scorching her arm and givig her what may 'well e called an electric sholq, t ppilysithout further harmn than the burn -nlfright. Another flash killed two:cowsl at Lfield, near Merino. The only fatality: a Casterton was that of a calf, wis?cl ,,sstruck down. : ' A very sudden death nceurred ,at. Denili tqin on Monday night. A man ni amed John" 'Donald, an invalid resident of Deailiquin? was swimming withl some companions in the, EdIwards Iliver, when he suddenly ,called, out an, began to sink. A man namiedd Irvin went to his assistauce, but whien he reached1 the decesed lie found that the* water was full of blond. He succeededlin saving the deceased from drowning,i bnt MI'lonald expired immnediately lie reached, the bank from rupture of an artery of the lungs. A Hobart telegram on Tuesday. says: S(;eorge lfarolr, aged 48, a prospector re-, siing at Newtols, while journeying, to: lirighlton with his family, found onf joining the train that one child had been left. He got out of the train, found the child,, and enldeavoring to rejoin the train while :in. motionl, he fell beneath and * was'cnt to pieces. The child fell clear of thi train and w;ea scarely hurt. ; . 