AGRICULTURAL NOTES. Sinoe last. date. of writing, the weather has boon . variable, .oppressively, hot days being followed, by a cool change and showers extend ing over a large portion of the colony.. The rain, while being about enough to quonoli bush- fires for tlio time being, was not sufficiently heavy to benofit tho parched land or provide a supply of water where aueh is badly needed. There does not appear to be any immodiato prospcot of a thorough break up of the drought, and its coutinuanco is causing a great deal of inconvenience in tho . northern distriots on acaount of tho distance stoek have to be driven to walor and tho inability of farmers to do anything in tho way of proparing their land for cropping. The hop crop, on account of tho hot, dry weather, is not yielding up to expectations formed some time ago, and tho maize is Buffer ing from tho same cause. Thrashing operations are now proceeding busily. Farmers are still holding wheat back in tho expeotation of bigber prices ruling later on. There is very little of change to report in the weather of New South Wales. Extreme heat and dryDOSs are the ruling features ; but at the commencement of this week many parts of the North and North-west were moistened through the offeots of a thunderstorm. Armidnic, Glon Innes, Tcntcrfiold, Invercll, Maelean, each received about i inoh of rain. Gunnednh had 43 points, Moree 86, Warinlda 192, and Yotmnn 74\. . These showers must do groat servico. Regarding the oolony as a whole, however, says the Mail, it would appear as if tho usual February rains will not come during the present year. Tho. mornings lately havo; threatened rain, but towards noon the. olouds olear away. This is the kind of weather whioh ushers in Aus tralian droughts. - In South Australia some true February wcathor was experienced during the past weok, weather, says the Chronicle, which has. frequently boen characterised as some of "the good old sort." Although unpleasantec to.bear, such heat as we havo .of late experienced is regarded with a oon- siderablo amount of satisfaction, as a break up of a spell of heat is generally followed by rain, and a fall would not be regarded now as an un welcome visitation. Another reason for bear ing with what equanimity we may the very ardent rays of the sun is tho prevalent belief that a cool summer means a dry winter, and that if a good number , of fiery , days , be ex perienced during the season when they may reasonably bo expected, - wo may . almost safely calculate on getting a fair amount of ;rain when the duo season comes round. .According to the Tasmanjan, the .genuine- summer weatbor which has prevailed during the weok has proved favorable in the extreme for harvesting operations. . Although .cutting .is still proceeding, thrashing operations have com menced in a number of the northern distriotB. So far tho results have- proved, generally spook ing, satisfactory, although instances havo been brought to light where the severe frosts experienced during last December have left their unwelcome mark in the form of shrivelled grain. Somo of the grain is also coming out very rough, consequent upon its having been thrashed beforo It had quite matured. Tho mild weather whioh prevailed during tho earlier part of the summer threw tho wheat back considerably in ; regard to ripening, tho outcome being that a considerable quantity of tho grain is not yet fit for operating l'Pon._ Thore are splendid crops of oats observ able in parts of the country bordering on the Western railway line, and good reports have reached tho city as to the prospects of the barley crop, which, although small, promises well in regard to quality. Potatoes are flourish ing as far as the qunntityand quality of tho crops aro concerned, and the export trade may bo expeoted to oommence in earnest bofore long. The dryness of the season, says the Queens- lander, is making itself felt in tho south-eastern districts, Tho grass, which had grown to great length during the favorable season just experienced, is becoming dry, although not deficient in nourishment, as is proved by the fine condition of tho stock. Another indication of shortnessiu the watorsupply is f uruishedby the various kinds of water birds which havo lately beon visiting the permanent water in the neigh borhood of oivilisation in large numbers, tbo outsido , perennial orccks and watercourses having, dried up. On tho Darling Dowiib particularly tho grass is very long, and pre caution has to be taken, to prevent fires from ocourring, . whioh would havo serious con sequences on account of the inflammable state of the herbage. In New Zealand the hopeful and bright prospeota of a- bountiful- harvest and sound dry grain havo been dimmed by the advent of rainy and stormy weather. Nearly the whole of the wheat orop, and a large pro portion of the oats are still in the stook, and upon these the effect of tho downpour must have been serious, as the sample is certain to be affeoted in color if not in quality. The unsettled wenthcr still continues and floods are roported in Borne distriots. Tho Ministor of Agrioulture has . received a report from Mr. M'Alpine, vogetablo patholo gist to the department, in reforence to his observations of the eel-worm diseaso amongst the onion orops of tho colony. - As the pest was making considerable headway, he communicated with Dr. Ritzoma-bos, of' .'Wageningen, in Holland, acknowledged to be the highest authority on tho subject. Mr. M'Alpine states that the eel-worm disease occurs in the onion orop in Holland, notwith standing a proper rotation of crops, and bos become a formidable pest. According to a letter recoived from Dr. Ritzema-bos, the worm, after leaving the diseased onions, burrows into the earth a short distance from ; the surface, where it lies in a lethargio state so long as the Burface remains dry. When the new onion plants are put in, and tho soil is moistened by rain, the worm becomes aetive and attacks .tho new erop. It was discovered that if the worm went deep into tho ground it died for want of food, hence the Bystom adopted in Holland is to plough the land deep so as to turn tbo surfaoo well under, and oause the worm to perish; Mr. M'Alpine is preparing a detailed report, in which he will give tho result of tho experiments he has already oarried out, and offer suggestions as to tho notion to bo taken in the future. . ...... ' The remarkable success that has attended the shipment of butter -to- London under the auspices of the Agricultural department has direoted. the attention ot the Minister of Agrioulture to the necessity for entering into a special nrrangement with the P. and O. and Orient steamship companies by whioh the space to be placed at the disposal of tho depart ment next season will bo doubled. At tho commencement of the season just closing tho department experienced, considerable difficulty in scouring the necessary space, as the greater portion of the accommodation had been acquired by a syndioato for speculative pur poses. Sir Graham Berry, then Agent-General, was requested by cablo to interfero, and he suc ceeded in oonvinoing the direotors of both com panies that it would bo better to ti;oat direct with tho Viotorian Government, and assist in building up a remunerative freight trade with the colony, than to doal with a syndicate whose actions would tend to hampor tho export trade in butter. In order to securo.the; necessary addi tional space for next season, the Agont-General, Mr, Munro, will be. empowered to enter, into au arrangement with tho companierefurred to, and endeavor to obtain, a rmluotion on the freight age.'. New Zealand pays 3s.. 6d. per case for tlio carriage of butter and Victoria 5s.'6d., not withstanding the. distance : from this colony is muoli shorter. It will bo the endeavor of Mr. Munro to remove this anomaly. . .. . ' A gleam of intelligence has at last found its' way into tho musty and obsolete .procedure ot the Lands department.. The officers new admit that tke.old. time' arrangement by which land was selected before itwas surveyed is, in agreat measure, the cause of the dolay that takes placo before a settler.' gets his lease. Thedolsyin many instanoos is so great that men who have taken up land with the bond fide intention of becoming farmers have thrown up their hold ings' disheartened, and drifted back ngain-to centres of. population, in the hopo'of being ablo to.rotrievo tho loss they have sustained. It has now boen arranged by the - Minister to have largo areas of -land in different parts of tho colony surveyed into allotments, marked on plans, and tho roads, -where -the country- is mountainous, carried along the contour of tho hills, thus' avoiding the. absurd blunders now committed of showing on tho plans roads along the bed of a river , or oreek hemmed in by pre cipitous bills, or passing boldly up the face of a mountain range. . The new. departuro is being applied to some 30,000 acres of land in the parishes- of , Coongerdb, Dellioknora, Cobon and B'unoywsrr, situated in, the county of Croajingo- long. The area will.be cut up into blooks rang ing (from. about 250' to ,320 aores, and will bo subject to.the bettorraont principle if. the works are constructed, within a reasonable timo of- tho. land being solectod. . : . Advantage has been taken by tho Minister , of Agrioulture. of the Amended; Thistlo Act passed Inst session, to inolude the .. "Shore," . " Star," "Saffron" and " Malta "thistles amoncst the list of thoso whioh the Governor in. Counoil may. order to bo eradioatod. .' A good deal of attention has boon bestowed upon the subject of rabbit destruction, and somo extraordinary. proposals and suggestions' have been received by the Ministor of Lands-from various parts of the world. - .The latest. sugges tion, is, from South Australia, that a, -number of.oarpot Bnakes should be let looso amongst the rabbits, which would, it isasserted, bo speedily " eaten up by the roptiles." The correspondent furnishes some remarkable data, tho acouraoy of. whioli will doubtless .be questioned, regarding the feeding capacity of carpet suakes. "When 5 feet to 6 feet long they .are, -ho says, ablo to eat two or threo rabbits at a meal,, but when 15 feet or 16 fect.long : they ate equal to making a meal off half a dozen rabbits. Anticipating tho iuquiry as. , to what would happen if tbo snakes multiplied and booame moro numorous than tho rabbits, he proposes that carpet .snakes of ono sex ' only should' bo used, and, ''after eating all tho rabbits the snakes would -then proceed to eat each other." There is cvory prospect that next season Vic torian dairy produoo will be brought prominently under. the notice of tho people of Manchester, Liverpool, and Hull, and that the competition for the.sale of Victorian butter iu London will bo increased by tho appointmont of additional agencios. Sir Andrew Clarke, Acting Agent- General, in a communication to tho Premier on tho - subjeot, forwards tho names of soveral prominent. provision merchants in London, Man chester, 'Liverpool' and Hull whb.aro anxious to become agents for tbo sale of Victorian butter. Tho communication has. been -remitted to the consideration of the hliuister of Agriculture,, who, it is understood, : will consult with Mr. Munro on -the subject. .Tho Agent-General is also to bo asked to endeavor "to arrange with tho directors of , tho Peninsular and Oilcntal and Orient Bteamship . com panies to ; place at the disposal of tho Victorian Government noxt season sufficient cool storage accommodation on their vessels to oarry 3000 tons of butter to London. At the invitation of the Department of Agri oulture, New South "Wales, Sir. John L. Dow, late Minister of Lands, gave a leoture in the Centenary Hall, Sydney, the subject, being Irrigation in California and Australia... There was a large audience, and the lecture was illus trated with limelight views. At tho outset the Iccturor said that tho question of irrigation would, it ecomcd to him, grow vory much more in interest in these colonies than it had dona hitherto. "With irrigation thore was a possibility of bringing out of the soil nil the good possible, and also a concentration of settlements which admitted of duo Booial enjoyments. In Southern California tiro peoplo were making moro than a living — a comfortable income— out of 10-aoro blooks. A few years ago it had been considered an impossibility for a family to live upon 10 acres, but yet it could be done. As regarded the estab lishment of irrigation sotttlements in New South "Wales, bo submittod that whatever Government might be in power would do well to take notico of the mistakes which had been made by . the pioneers in irrigation. Irrigation, it had been proved by experience, was best adapted to the cultivation of small areas— 10-aore blocks woro the right size, not 640-aere blocks. . Cognisance should also bo taken of what the Ohaffey Brothers wore doing." At . that portion of the year when water could not be obtained without artificial aid, it" was pumped up by 'machinery which was' capable of raising from 2 gallons per minuto to 160,000 gallons per minute. About a fortnight ago it was lifting the water at the rato of between 22,000 and 23,000 gallons per minute, and this was sufficient for the use of all the' settlers at Mildura. From tho same source, tbo rivor Murray, thero was water available for the irrigation of traots of land on tho New South Wales side. It was a mistake to think to itrigate land which had a clay subsoil ; the mallee laud was the propor kind. Irrigated land in California, which was formerly bought for 1 dot. on acre, litis "sinco been sold at £200 per acre in blocks of 10 ncres. A meeting of the Western Province Butter Factories Association was held at tho Ozono Palace last week, representatives being present from the Koroit, Farnham, Frnmlingham and Rnsebroolc factories. The chief business was to reoeivo tendors for tho supply of 10,000 or more butter boxcB for the various factories, "the quantities to be ordered including 4000 for tho Wnrrnambool faotory, 3000 for Koroit, 2000 each for Frainlingham and Farnham, and 1000 for Rosebrook. The specifications required con; tractors to tender for threo different lcinds of boxes— one with grooves all around, tho second to liave only the sides grooved, and tho third was the smooth " cube-" box. Eight tenders were received, the prices mentioned by the lowest tenderers being slightly cheaper than those quoted for smaller lots. After considerable dis cussion, it was decided to request tho managers of the various factories to inspect tho boxes at the secretary 's office and solcct tlio sample .which they considered most suitable for their require- monts. The association will meet again this week to finally "deal with' the tendors; . A special meoting . of the Australian Sheep' Breeders' Association, which rwaB 'previously announced to take place on the 23rd of February, will be held at Scott's Hotel, Molhourne, on Tuesday; 1st March, at 7 p.m. The' business to be dealt with is as follows :— To receive the report and balance sheet. The consideration of the following now. rule, as' proposed by. Mr. James . Russell : .'.'That the president,. 'vioo- pfesidents and lion.treasurer bo momberaof all committees." ' That Rule .XYL be am'onded so as to rend as follows.: "No special business shall bo dealt with at any other' than the annual meeting, unless 21' days' notice . thereof shall have been, given to the secretary." Any other business that may bo brought forward. Im- mediately'after tho. above .'business . has' been' dealt with, a meeting of the show committee, will he held, the objeot of .which will b.e.to'fix a date for the forthcoming show, ' to prepare the prize list and qominate the judges, .who are to aoton.tHdt oobasion,- \- Dm. Grcsswell and Shirross, with tho assist ance of the inspectors of tho Board of Health, — i. recently discovered that, thonightsoil from nearly -. all the northern suburbs was being dopositcd on dairy farms and other holdings in tho Preston - - shire,'wlienae a largo.portion of the milk supply . of Melbourne and suburbs is obtained. ' In one instance a dairy farmer had 1000 tons of night- . soil distributed over 36 acres of land in the ' centre of whioh is situated a oow shed where the operation of' milking tlio cows is oarried on. Tho effeotof tho sun's rays on the land, especially , after a shower of rain, was to causo an offensive exhalation, which settled on tho roof of the cow, - shed,, the water from whioh was used- to oleanse tho milk cans. It is stated that a large number of the dairy farmers readily consented to. allow the niglitsoil contractors to deposit the oontents of their oarts on . tho' land, which was tiroreby . consider ably fertilised, and . . produced heavy crops of mangel wurzel. In several instances tho drainage from the laud flowed into Darebin Greek, and in tho stream - tire dairy , farmers washed their milk cans. It was conclusively proved that six caseB of typhoid fever at Bruns wick were caused by the - milk having been diluted with water taken from the roof of a oow shed' in the- centre of a farm that had re ceived some hundreds of tons of uightsoih Though not possessing legal power to interfere, Dr. Gresswcil insisted upon the municipality . declining to allow iiightsoil to bo distributed ia , such a way as to infect the milk supply, and , the health officer lias been awakened to tho .: necessity of putting a stop . to. tho praotiee of washing milk cans in a.polluted' stroam. - ---, Tho' show of grain, ohaff and ensilage held: - under the auepioee of tlio Boort Agtioultural' ; Society produced some very good. samples of the , produots mentioned. Mr. J. O. Anderson, of : Borung, showed a sample of pit ensilage that , was 17 months' down, and lmd in no wise deteriorated, several visitors expressing the opinion that it was equal to any samplo at the show. The olmffcd ensilage exhibited by Mr. i Williamson wsb very favorably commented upon, and the opinion expressed that the prin ciple of chaffing the .fodder was by far the host. Some thistle ensilage shown by Mr, Westcott also excited a gooil dcnl of attention. Hop pioking has oommoncod in sovaral dis- - triots, the period being earlior than usual on account of tho long spell of dry weather. . In the Bright district tlio red spider is showing in many - of tho plantations, and similar : reports oome from tho Upper'King gardens. It is estimated that in many cases there will not bo more than half a crop. Tho plants havo very little foliage, most of tbo hops are growing on the tops of the poles, while tho strobilos are not nearly so large as usual. This is attributed to the dry weather, ' and growers say that a good : shower of rain a few weeks ago would have meant the difference between a good and a bad crop.; In addition to the absence of rain, there has beon a diffioulty in obtaining water for irrigation purposes. Alto gether the hop orop prospects are not encourag ing. Stook owners in tbo Muokleford district com plain of the oareless manner ia whioh poisoned ohaff Is being laid for tho destruction of labbits on Crown lands.. It appears that chaff has been distributed in several, plaoes on the oommons ia small heaps, and, owing to the barren, state of the - ground at this. timo of the seaeon,- cattlo have readily , licked up the poieoned ohaff,. and already one owner hns .lost;sevoral cows through being -. poisoned from eating the ohaff intended for the , rabbits. . The Bairnsiide Advertiser mentions that Mr. Bca. Slater, veterinary surgeon, Luck now, claims to have '.discovered a new system for the aure of chest diseases in; horses, All the anl- - mals he has experimented upon he has com pletely cured; aqd he now. announces that hois prepared to take ia horses for treatment. For tho present only a limited, number can bs receivod, as the .premises whioh Jio has had to oreot aro not yet; as, extensive.- as ho hopes to mako them. Mr. Slater BtateB that, he will fur- riish references as to the -success- of -bis treat ment to anyono desiring further information. The eradication, of thistles, is. being insisted upon in the shiro of Wnrrunmbool, and the firBt prosecution came before the paliee magistrate at tho local court of petty sessions last wock. Tho caso ocoupied nearly 2 hours, and tho police . magistrate remarked " If eveiy man who has thistles on bis land is summoned to this oourt I will have a lively time." " And Bo will we," re plied one of the solicitors, " as tho inspector has sei-yod about 700 notices," and if only a few of - this number are brought into oouit, the legal a fraternity will havo a good income from this source alone. \- The officers of the Salvation Army are giving some attention to the establishment of industrial . oolonics for their members in various districts-. . They, aro nosv- in treaty for tbo purohase of a ... blqok of 640 acres, about 12 miles south from- - Horsham, the . intention being to devote tho - land to intense oulture under a Byatem of irri-. gation. The soil is said to be well suited for the '! puiposc, uud tlio wator supply will, bo obtained - , from tho IVartook reservoir. In tho event of . arrangements boing concluded, experienced oulturists, members of the army , now working at Mildura, will- ., take, okargo of and manage, iffis- experimental colony. The' officers of the'" army wish it to be understood that those for" whom they aro desirous of providing .are in no sense of tbo terms criminals or vagrants. Mr. Andrew Jaokson, rabbit inspcotor for tho Ararat shire, has invented a machine for dis tributing poisoned grain which is highly spoken of for its. offcotivenesB. The work of distribution usually requiros the serv'.o'es of a horse and man, ' but by means of Mr. Ja'ckson's invention the . 1 whole of the work is done by one man. The maohino is a perfect miniature plough, with a ' small .share and. mould .board complete, whilst at. tho top Is a .reoe'ptaolo for tho phosphorised wheat,, whioh is ' automatically and rogulnrly .' distributed in tho furrow. . The operator stands behind, and by means of the handles pushes the maohihe boforo him, and. without the exertion, of "a great deal of m'usouldr power he ploughs' " 'neat little furrow about an inoh deep and a couple' of inohes wide. If an obstacle be met " with, he, by raising his hands, throws the im-." plomont forward on to a wheel, and the , miiohind'is'lidndled on liko d barrow, or it can ' leadlly.be taken up in the arms and carried. A S.nallbelt from the axle of the wheel pate in Iteration — as the machine is impelled forward -a< spnr'whecl in the distributor. This wheel h armed with little cups set on pins at right Angles with- tho poriphery, and these elevators Barry up to a metal shoot two or three grains of wheat each, theshootdischargingthem attheback »f tho share. Tbe operation iB thereforo Automatio and regular. Tho machine, as' we have said; is easy of transport, and tho trials given- indicate that it has great practical value; Two years ago the American Agricatturitl gave a prize of 500 dol. for the best acre of oats grown in the United' States. The prize acre yielded the enormous quantity of 125 bushels. This oat-is oallod White Bonanza. It is said to withstand the heaviest winds and rain with out suffering. Mr. J. L. Salzer (thegrowor) writes of it : — " There is no oat ever planted that has given such universal satisfaction as my Peerless White Bonanza. From tbe hills of Minnesota to the sunny slopes of Florida and Texas; from the prairie of the north-west to the' Golden Gate, glowing reports come regarding the earliness, vigor and yield of the White Bonanza. Its strong points are many, its yield everywhere astonishing. It is early ripening, and matures - full plump kernels." If this oat possesses anything near the good qualities claimed for it by the grower, it should prove a most acceptable addition to the varieties now being cultivated in the colony. Bark continues to arrive at Portland in large quantities, all the- mills being now busily engaged.. Tho prices have declined, though £7 10s. per ton is still obtainable for best samples. One local - bnyer has purchased this season upwards of 800 tons, the value of which was about £5600. The works in connection with the Cohuna Irrigation Trust-are now'so well advanced that St has been decided' to start the pumps at the head works on the Murray Biver on Tuesday, 1st Maroii. The event is expected to provo the most important' in tho annals of the district, and is to be made the occasion of a demonstra tion. Agriculture is oarried on in the : Creswick shite oh a-system whioh varies much from' other districts; The difference is caused by the suita- bility of soil and climate for produce that oould not beprofitably grown in other places; Tho general course is to lay down about a quarter in grasses; Tho cow grass, cocksfoot, - Dutch clover'and rye grass oo'me to great perfection on the farms, and haven capacity of- turning out from four tosix fat sheep per acre. A quarter- is plabcd' under potatoes, and- half sown with cereals- for hay or- grain crop; This year the greater ' portion was out for hay, which will average fully two tons per acre for the shire. Some had four tons per- acre. For tlie last' three years farming lias not been profitable to the general run of the cultivators; Hay and oats,- wliioh have been usually, grown in about equal portions, are the most profitable, then- potatoes'- and' peas, but little if any barley is grown. Baro fallow is seldom followed, and the peas- aid potatoes- pay all. expenses, and some seasons- leave a' handsome profit,.' This makes the-prloe of ' land high; and. few are disposed to part with it. The standard prloe of land' is still-' £30 per aero for the first class. There are f nlly- 12,000 aores of suoh in the shire, and several large farms are valued at over £10,000 caoh.. A meeting re severance of portion of Shopper- tori'shire- from the Sbopparton and Numurkah water trnst'was held at the shirohali, Sheppar ton, last week. Tho Congupna farmers' oiub were the- conveners. There 'was a orowded attendance of farmers and land owners from all parts of' the shire interested. Or. Barritt, president of Shepparton shire, was chairman. Resolutions in favor of severance wore passed unanimously; A resolution was also carried that a' deputation wait- on the Numurkah water trust' to make a final demand for sever ance; Mr. Hall, M.L. A., assured tho meeting of Mr. Graham'B sympathy with tho movement and of' his own. Sir. Solilam, of tho "Water Supply 'department, gave fignres explaining the' Intentions' of the Government a% to the Pine- Lodge weir and works, and answered questions as" to' the- probable result of the severance. Every- part' of the shire was4 represented, and detefmination'was shown to offcot severance at once. Great' loss is oausod to the farmers of Pino Lodgo by existing arrangements,; which benefit' Nathalie and distant parts of the shire ftt the expense of others; With referenoe to a fire- whioh was lighted Aome few weeks ago by a contraotor of the Btioppartori Shire, and which oausod consider able damage to farmors' fonces and grass; to the east of the town of Shepparton, it appears tlint the losers have sought tbe advice of Dr. Madden; barrister, on tho question of the liabi- lity of tlvo shire oouncil for damage dono. This gentleman' has- advised that .proceedings bo taken, and it is thought that a largo number of the "sufferers will Issue writs without delay. Tho fl'ro alluded to occurred through tbo con tractor" for the removal of dead animals having" left a fl'ro after he had finished burning tbe oaroase of a horso. Tho man who was rospon- Biblo for the trouble was awarded' six months in gaol.' A deputation from Hutliergien waited on the Bailway. Commissioners on Monday, and asked for better accommodation at the railway station. Tliey spoke of the extending trade at Buther- glen, and said the accommodation was insuffi cient both for goods and passenger traffio. Tho commissioners replied that" tliey could do . no thing, at present, but if the. traffic was not pro-: perly', met;' stops would bo taken to Have;tlie lieoessn'ty aooomraodatibn provided.' , The committee of the North Gippaland Agri- uultural Sooiety has appointed tho followiog delegates to' the conference in regard to' tlio Increased stook tax in Melbourne on2ndMaroh : —Messrs; M'Uwain ; (president), G. O. Lyndon, j>." J. Little and 3. Cliinn.' Thoy wero also Appointed to attend a conference in connection with' the Viotorian Farmers' Assooiation in' the (Town Hall tbe same evening. It has been deoided to establish a butter Jaotoiry' at Merton, many promises of support having been given. Farmers in tho vicinity are taking up the matter energetically. The dates for tho annual show of the Queens land National Agricultural AsBOcation have boon fixed for 9th August to the 13th, inclusive. The show takes place a week earlier then usual. It has been arranged that the rust in wheat conference of delegates from New South Wales, Queensland, Viotoria and South Australia, will take place at' Adelaide on the 8th March. Tasmania- is to bo asked to send delegates. It lias been deoided by the Central- Australian Pastoral and Agricultural Association to hold tbeir next annual show at Bourko on the 25th and 26th May, and it is: nntioipatcd that the exhibition will be the best of the kind yet held' by tho 'socioty. Prize money to the extent of £1200 will bo given away. Very extensive im provements to tho grounds have been carried out since last year, the expenditure in this respect being-£3000. Lord' and' Lady Jersey havo been invited, and a large gathering of- visitors is expected. ' The forty-second half-yearly meeting- of the- Sydney Meat Preserving Company Limited' was held last week. Mr. J. Lackey; M.L.O., was in the chair; The report stated'tliat' the profit and loss sooount balano'e was £21,319, as against £21,093 at the first of the half- vcnr. During tha six months -275,751 sheep and 1632 cattlo were purohased in Homebush yards, and also a considerable number of quarters of beef. Tbo demand for preserved meats in Europe bad; been and continued very innotive at the lowest quotations ever known. Yet in the face of tlle: large- supply of sheep in this market, and in the expectation of a revival' of inquiry- for' tinned moats, tho directors, had deemed it more oxpedient to run' the' works to tlioir' ut most capacity than to restrict' operations. By additions to the plnnt the effective power of the factory had been largeljr argumcnted, as might be gathered from the faot that in the week ended; the 22nd ultimo the company hiid killed- 25,090 sheep and. 78 cattle,' which.'mu'st havo afforded appreciable relief to the glutted markot;- Tho report was adopted.1 - A voto- of thanks to tho> directors terminated: the meeting. — ileal.' 