FIRE IN THE HILLS, I j A Magnificent Sight. The hills to the south-east of Adelaide on Monday night belched forth flame and smoke like so many active volcanoes. On Sunday only a crimson glow showed high up in the horizon as darkness dropt from the wings of night, but sweeping onward and upward while the metropolis slept securely the fire at length breasted the steep ascent and mounted , triumphantly over the crest of the bills, i swallowing great trees before the eyes of ' astonished citizens. The unwonted sight I attracted general attention even while the 1 sun cheapened and dwarfed the terres . trial fire. But when his rivalry had ? ceased and each spire of flame as serted itself as a feature of interest many ! watchers were drawn out to balconies and ' other coigns of vantage, while .every spot commanding a clear view of the brilliant : scene was occupied by a little throng of gazers. ; The main body of the fire, seen through a cloud of smoke, turned the valleys into dark , red seas, while the contour of each spur of the : intervening range was dimly outlined as a ; curve of cliffs breaks through an evening haze. | In the track which had been traversed j solitary stumps shone out through the : gloom with greater or less_ distinctness, | and the fanciful spectator had little difficulty ' in conjuring up the tableau displayed by the j camp of the "'thirty cities" on the eve of the i battle of Lake Regillus, when " far over hill and valley the giant host lay spread, and with i their thousand watchfires the midnight sky ; was red." At times it looked as though, by a marvel of industry and enterprise a mighty ! city had sprung up on the slope of hill side. ! There one could descry broad thoroughfares .; with countless lamps gleaming through the . black distance. Even the congeries of | lights which gather round the entrance of a ! fashionable theatre on a command night could . be distinguished, while a deep glow of color ' marked the plentifully illumined gardens : where a feast of lanterns was in progress. No ; theatrical limelights, no transformation scene in a high class pantomime was ever so ! effectively gorgeous as _ this _ rioting of the flames among the thick timber which ! once clothed the gorges and eminences ! over which this splendid bushfire marched in devastating and unconquerable might). Very beautiful is the spectacle presented by a snow : covered mountain or by the glittering panoply j of a far-stretching range of hills clad in this wintry armor. _ But life, color, j and magnificence painted in such warm tints : as those which transformed the dry brown ! ramparts of Adelaide into mammoth altars i were incomparably more grand than any monu ' ments of ice and snow however wide or lofty, j Nor was the magnificence of the spectacle marred by any anxiety or alarm, for nothing | but comparatively useless trees were being | destroyed to provide this extensive entertain j ment, Nero's callousness was not needed to . enable men to fiddle Qr dance while : acres of stringybark burned. The "baptism ! of fire" which Adelaide received was far j nobler and infinitely less meretricious than ! that to which the Prench Prince Imperial was j so dramatically subjected. The heat of a : sufficiently^ warm night was slightly increased, ! and the brightness of a half-grown moon was ! somewhat obscured, but no dearer price was i paid by the citizens for an outdoor show ' which surpassed in variety and absolute gloriousness anything which, has ever . been provided by pyrotechnist or theatrical manager within the sight of an Adelaide public. ! Still it would not be well to attempt the ; reproduction of the entertainment in the ; future, for fires let loose in a thick forest are . like giants suffering from delirium tremens, : and even this one is not completely recovered ! from the horrors yet. After passing through several gullies and careering over a number of hills the fire entered i Slape's Gully early on Monday morning, and here a most vigorous protest had to be entered I against its further extension. Early on Monday I morning it reached the property of Mr. "VV. ! Slape, who possesses a valuable garden. The | flames were fought with great vigor by a large i number of neighbors, and the plantation 1 of valuable fruit trees was saved. Mr. ; Slape, however, had a narrow escape in I attempting to remove several cows. He ! suddenly became surrounded with fire, ! and it was with the utmost difficulty that he j made his exit. The cows escaped, but Mr. ) Slape was singed. Leaving Mr. Slape's ; section, the flames entered that of Mr. W. ! Slape, and here the most determined fight ' was made. To the westward it was known | that no great harm would be done, but ; the neighbors'! assembled to the number of 30 I to prevent the fire extending in the direction j of the Greenhill-road. It reached the creek on i Messrs. Slape and Woodcock's property, but i many willing workers prevented it reaching the other banks. The work was not only difficult but dangerous, as those who ; were working were injured by the 1 fences, the wires of which became almost red|hot. The Black Hill was quickly j engulfed by the flames, and during the after i noon was a perfect volcano of fire. The dry ' grass afforded an easy means of progress, while i the sheoak trees were~quickly covered with ? flames from root to bough. The fire was seen to j be proceeding in the direction of Mr. Dunstan's ' quarry, and his employes were sent out to X start a counter fire. This proved successful, ' and during the evening the hill presented a ] beautiful sight to the uninterested onlooker, | but it was a dangerotis object to the neigh .. boring landholders. It was only by the j hardest exertions that the flames were pre I vented from ascending the hill towards : the Greenhill-road. Had they done so, Sir j ! Samuel Davenport's property on the other : a side of the road must necessarily have caught j | fire, and as the land is grassed for some miles I j there was nothing to keep the flames_ from i j crossing the Waterfall Gully-road. As it was ' i they extended for about 3i miles along Slape's j i Gully. Just above Burnside Messrs. Penfold, ! ! Laughton, and Dunstan's vineyards on the j ! slope of the hills had a narrow escape, a,nd it j ? was only through the exertions of willing j ! workers that they were saved. Further up the | gully Messrs. Craven and Dunn's homesteads j ' had a narrow escape, and here the police j ; troopers had some hard work. They arrived ; on the scene just in time, and through sheer I :: dint of hard work they drove the flames back, j ! Towards Norton's Summit Mr. T. Playford, i i jun.'s property, known as Wood's Hill, was ! i attacked, but the flames were beaten. back j I after a hard combat. It took four hours _ to j I save^the property, the greatest difficulty being | j encountered through the shifting character of j | the wind. This was found a most dangerous ! element, as the gullies shifted it into different | '. directions. Although the fire has covered some i ' thousand acres the damage is comparatively : small. No homesteads were affected, al- | . though several had narrow escapes. A i large quantity of grass and a con- ' ; si titrable amount of fencing were de- ! stroyed, but beyond this the injury is slight. j Troopers Buller, Carter, and Kelly were dis- i i patched from town on Sunday, while Trooper j i Mupge came from TJraidla on the same day, j ; and up till a late hour on Monday night they j wtre hard at work. The district owe much ; ' to their efforts, and on all sides i ; nothing but praise was showered on ! them. Another ifire occurred at Forest Range on Priday last, and a woodcarter had a ; I somewhat peculiar experience. He was passing j I through the flames when his load, which con- ?; 1 sisted of bags of chips, caught fire, and it was j ' only by throwing off the greater portion that ! he saved the rest. Some discussion has arisen in the neighborhood as to the cause of the fire at) Horsnall's Gully, as it is alleged that the flames broke out in seven distinct place3 simultaneously. Whether the police can sheet the blame home to any person remains to ba seen, but they have suspicions with regard to a certain individual. At an early hour this . morning the fire was still burning, but it is be lieved that it has reached its limits. A popular ballad concert will be given by Mias Lucy Stevenson in the North Adelaide Institute this evening. The prizes won at the recpnt liquor trade employes' picnic will be distributed at the Plough and Harrow Hotel this evening. 