SUMMARY OF LATE NEWS. Weather permitting the Town Band wilt play in the Gardens to-night. The first wheat of the season has been sola by Mr. W. F. Zwtck. The Biverina Co. bought 220 bags at 3j. Id, delivered at Burrumbuttock. Oae of the Dara D ira blacks was captured* . but got away. The bunylp has been heard io the neighbor* hood of Hawksview. Mr. D. S. Watson nnt with a serloua • accident. There were a good many adverse interj JCtione at Mr. Birtou'a lecture. The interrupters, however, (?ot very con-isiderably the worse of the encounter. Mr. Barton is prompt at repartee, and a tough customer to tackle. A Cook's tourist train left Albury for Sydney yesterday. . , The first authorised cremation In Victoria took place on Sunday. Holiday excursion fareB on the Victorian railways commence on Monday next. Jindera people agitating for daily mail to Walbundrie. Issue of holiday excursion tickets on Near South WaleB lines begins to-morrow. Thirty tons of stone from a claim at Maldon, Victoria, vielded 475 iz. gold. J. W. Bennett, a Sydney bank official who disappeared last year, has surrendered to thai police. He is supposed to have been in America foe some time past. Proprietary mine, Broken Hill, yielded 240,000az. last week. This is the heaviest return on record for a single week. The British farmers are beginning to cry out for protection. Bendigo is said to be just now the mosl:, prosperous town in Australia.' Silver mining shares are again looking np. A grand exhibition is to be held next Friday in Melbourne in aid of the Salvation Army. . Victorian Parliament will be prorogued on CbriBtmas eve. The Ministerial party met with a good reception on Monday. Jury list Revision Court was held on Friday. Two new names were added to the list and four removed. The new wheat is already coming in at Victorian railway stations. The sample generally is said to be of very good quality. George Bunton, an old reisldent of Albury, died last week at Wagrlu Cold wintry weather prevailed nearly all the week. The Dora Dora blacks were seen last week hear Brisbane. It may be of interest to add that the poli are in pursuit ' - Mr. James Hayes says that he has no sympathy with the single-taxers. He regards them simply as "cranks," though he believes in land taxation on prop«c lines. A new find of gold is reported on the Mangcplahrun. An American has written to the Governor' of Victoria, submitting a remedy for the rabbit, pest. The " remedy " consists of a poison which kills the rabbit effectually. The inventor appears to forget that the rabbit would have to be caught before the dose could be administered with certainty. We have already plenty of poisons if bunny would Bwallow them. The Federal Council meet at Hobart 26ih. January. A bather at the Brighton Beach baths on. Sunday had a cat row escape. He came in contact whilst bathing with* shark 4ft. long. John Breen was burned to death at Kilmore on Saturday last. Alderman .Manning has been. re-elected Mayor of Sydney unopposed. Serious damage ts reported to have been caused by the late bush-firee near Berrigan. Local beekeepers were much pleased with' Mr. Gale's lecture last Friday evening. The extra train service on the Tallangatta» Beech worth, and Yarjrawonga lines commence? next Monday. It is proposed to establish a close aeason for kangaroos in Victoria. Falling some action of this kind, it is featied that the animal will soon be extinct. £185 is offered by the Victorian Government for a potato digging machine.. The Bill to legalise lotteries for charitable purposes, in Victoria is oppostd by the churches! Victorian butter still contindes to command a good price in London. George Hill was Sentenced to one year's imprisonment for stealing golden quartz at : Harriet ville. * . The Melbourne police claim to have been successful in the suppression of betting shops in the city. Some busbranging cases are reported in the Tumut district. _ A man has been arrested on suspicion of being the offender. A boxing match for £90 and gale money between Clifford and Cnllen last Friday. Clifford was declared the victor after some pretty hard fighting. ' 