[BY TELEGRAPH.] (from our correspondents.) ARMIDALE, Monday. The Christmas holidays passed over quietly. The i horse-races on Boxing Day were well attended. ! There were good fields and good races. Everything passed off satisfactorily. The Christmas Gift was won ! by Mr. J. Miller's C. B., the Welter Handier by j Mr. Smettle's Caledonian; the Opening and Fare well Handicaps were won by Mr. P. G. Marshe's Sampson. A cricket match, Armidale v. Salisbury, j was won by Armidale by a few runs after a most excitiner same. The weather was deliehtful. Manv visitors coming from Queensland here ore all delighted I with the climate. All the business places were open to-day. The holiday was only observed by the banks and the Government offices. BATHUBST, Saturday. Christmas passed over quietly. The weather was beautifully fine. There were no public amusements to- day, but as usual large numbers of people spent their time in picnicking, the trains running east and west being well patronised. BEBBY, Saturday. Christmas passed off quietly. The usual services were held in the Anglican, Wesleyan, and Catholic churches. To-day was a close holiday, the weather being everything that could be desired for outdoor enjoyment. Hundreds went out picnicking, the majority favouring the seaside. CAMDEN, Saturday. A successful, picnic and sports were held on Mr. Ferguson's property, close to the town, this afternoon. The town band discoured music on the occasion. The receipts will go in aid of the B.C. Church. The principal event was won by Martineer, with Graham second, A. Clune third, and C. Campion fourth. A tea meeting and sports were held at Mount Hunter, and were also largely patronised. An entertainment was given to the patients at the Carrington Cen tennial Convalescent Hospital on Christmas Eve by the hospital staff and local residents. It was a great success and was well appreciated. The town band played sacred tunes at intervals. CABCOAB, Saturday. Carcoar Jockey Club annual races were held to day. The weather was all that could be desired, being fine aud accompanied by a cool westerly wind. The hack was in fair order, and the sports passed off without accident. The attendance was about 500. Many visitors were present from Orange, Bathurst, Newbridge, and Blayney. The racing was very good. The following were the result; : — Opening Handicap, 1 mile. — Mr. J. Marshall's Rainbow, ' G years, 8st, 1 ; Mr. D. Mayne'e Cardinal, 4 years, 7st 2lb, 2 ; Mr. F. M'Gtiiness's Alaska, 4 years, Gst 121b, 3. Cabcoab Jockey Clod Handicap, 1} mile. — Mr, J. Marshall's Rainbow, 6 years, 7st lUb, 1 ; Mr. D. Mayne's Cardinal, 4 yean, Get 131b, 2 ; Mr. J. Hunter's Sterling, aged, ?st 4lb, 3. The other races were well contested. Sports were also held at Mandurama, Forest Beef, and were well attended. ? CROOKWELL, Saturday. The holidays passed off very quietly in Crookwell. There were no public amusements of any kind in town to-day. There were races at Binda, 12 miles distant, and many townspeople went out there. The weather yesterday was most disagreeable. High winds with clouds of dust prevailed during the whole of the day. The temperature was cool, ana at night it became quite cold. ? __ EMMAVILLE, Monday. Races were held on Boxing Day. The Vegetable Creek Cup (and 15 so vs.) was won by Mr. B. David son's Myra. Hie mare New Broom threw her rider near the winning post, but he escaped with afew scratches. The Bug, ridden by D. Tieruey, knocked down Mr. Campbell Shaw, manager of Webb's Con sols mine, and hurt his back. He was taken home, and is progressing favourably INV ERELL, Saturday. The weather to-day was splendid. The combined tends' sports on the show ground was a great success, several hundred people being on the ground. (Hen Innes sent six players, Tingha eight, Bingara two, and Warialdaone, the local band contributing 16. The combined bands were under the leadership of Mr. Bofinger, of InverelL They marched to the ground and played at intervals throughout the day. For the All-comers' Handicap, 150 yards, 20 started. It was run in divisions. It was won by J. Ellis, 20 yards, 1 ; J. Hanshaw, 22 yards. 2 ; W. Boggs, 23 yards, 3 ; T. Hardy, 20 yards, 4. The Bandsmen's race was won by J. M'Shane, of Glen Innes, 1 , F. M'Crohon, Tingha, 2; J. Wilson, Inverell, 3. In the Inverell Handicap, 120 yards, J. Stacey, 16 yards, 1; A. Anderson, 16 yards, 2; Laycock, 10 yards, 3\. A great attraction was the mounted infantry con tests. Private G. White, of Inverell, who distin guished himself at the late Tenterfield tournament, secured the chief prizes for tent-pegging and picking up the lance and peg. A large number of people went out to Long Plain races, the principal event of which was won by M'Kenzie'e Bend Or. KIAMA, Saturday. Christmas visitors to Kiama this year were not so numerous as on former occasions. Yesterday every thing was veiy quiet and orderly, and most people remained indoors, although the weather was beauti ful ; but about 7 o'clock in the evening a southerly burster came up, bringing clouds of blinding dust, which was followed by a b'ght fall of rain. To-day the weather was splendid, and there was a general exodus of family gatherings to the different holiday resorts. The only sport in town was a cricket match between the Ashfield and Kiama Cricket Clubs, which resulted in a win for Kiama by a majority of 37 runs. Monday. A cricket match was played on the Church Point to-day between the local players and the Sirathfield Nomad cricket club. The latter went in first and scored exactly 100 ; Kiama responded with 189 for four wickets when time was called. KATOOMBA, Sunday. Katoomba has been fairly alive with visitors during the past few days. Every available place was occu pied. The rush was larger on this than on any pre ceding year. The different falls and fern gullies were the principal attractions, though large numbers of people attended the sports which were held yesterday in aid of the local brass band. This was a great success. The weather was exceptionally fine through out, and enabled holiday- makers to thoroughly enjoy the outing. His Excellency Sir Henry Norman, Governor of Queensland, with Captain Strachey, aide-de-camp, leave Katoomba to-morrow, going direct to Tas mania. The remainder of the Government House i party intend spending about three weeks more on the mountains. ? j MUKWliiLUMBAH, Monday. - The holidays passed off quietly. An excursion in aid of the Boman Catholic presbytery on Boxing Day was well patronised. At the Tumbulgum athletic sports, A. E. Budd won the Sheffield Handicap. . The j regatta at the Heads was a failure. The water was too rough for the rowing races, and only one boat entered for the sailing races. The stores here are not closed to-day. The weather is splendid. MUDGEE, Monday. The principal local attractions during the holidays were races held on Saturday under the auspices of the Mudgee Tattereall's Club. The two principal events resulted as follow : — Opening Handicap. — Ben Bolt, 1 ; Bellbird, 2; Pride of Mudgee, 3. Boxing Dat Handicap.— Ben Bolt, 1 1 Dundee, 2 ; Pride of Mudgee, 3. MURRUMBURRAH, Monday. The Christmas holidays passed over very quietly. The town was enlivened on Boxing Day by a one innings cricket match between teams representing Murrumburrah and Cullinga. The latter, who first took the wickets, compiled a score of 211 runs, three of the players contributing respectively 54, 54, and 68\. Murrumburrah followed with 146, the chief contributors being Antill 63, Murray 33, and Tin dale 13. NEWCASTLE, Saturday. The Christmas holidays passed off very quietly, j The principal attraction was the Wallsend races. William Bignold's company at the Victoria Theatre in ' Nowadays ' had a crowded house, and the steamer Namoi made an excursion to Port Stephens. ORANGE, Monday. On Boxing Day, at the Association Ground, the ninth annual demonstration of the A.O.F., Court Littlejohn, was held. The weather was beautiful, and me attendance was over 2000. The following are the results of the principal events : — Sheffield Handicap (£30), 150 yards, all comers. — A. Middleton, Newcastle, 13 yards, 1; Horton, B&thurst;, 7 yards, 2; Harris, Willoughby, 7 yards, 3. Galloway Race, ponies under 14 hands.— Mr. G. Bell's Rapid, 7st 4lb, 1 ; Mr. Brown's Paddy the Plat, gst 4lb, 2. Quarter of a Mile Race.— Won by R. Adams. Friendly Society's Handicap.— J. Hicks, 1 ; R. Clayton, 2. Hurdle Bace.— Hicks, 1 ; Clayton, 2. Bicycle Race, distance 1| mile.— Won by A. Lomon with 100 yards start ; Mitchell, 225 yards, 2. The time for the bicycle race was very slow ; the course was over lumpy grass. PABKES, Saturday. Christmas passed off nicely, {he weather being pleasant. The Christmas carols by the Wesleyan Church choir were well received. BYLSTONE, Monday. Christmas passed over quietly. The principal events were horse-racing and athletic sports on the racecourse on Boxing Day. There was a large attendance. The weather was intensely hot and diy ; bushfires are pre valent. TAMWORTH, Saturday. Christmas Eve in Tamworth was very lively. The main street was thronged with a crowd of people until a late hour. Business was very brisk. On Christmas Day all the churches were attended by large congregations. It was very hot, but on Boxing Day the weather was more temperate. A great number of people were present at the racecourse, where the Jockey Club successfully carried out a one day's programme. St. Elmo won the chief event, and Miss Godiva and Slowboy won several of the other events. Pedestrian sports held on the oval to-night were largely attended. TEBABA, Sunday. The pony race meeting at Greenwell Point yester day was attended by thousands of persons. The racing was fair. The principal handicap was won by Mr. Hart's mare Nightshade. WAGGA WAGGA, Saturday. Fine weather prevailed here during the holidays. No sports were held in the town, ana a number of small race meetings were held in various parts of the district on Boxing Day. Races took place at Green's Gunyah, Broken Dam, and elsewhere. YOUNG, Monday. The Christmas holidays passed off pleasantly. The weather on Christinas Day was delightfully cool. A race meeting held at Wombat on Boxing Day was largely attended, and there were good fields in each race. The following are the results of the principal events; — J^AiDKtr Plate.— Mr. Cain's Carlisle, 1. Publicans' Pubse. — Weazle, 1. Wombat Handicap. — Mr. Raberts's Fleetwing, 1. (For reports of other Christmas sports see sporting columns.] ? 