.NOTES AND THOUGHTS ON A JOURNEY. TBy Ivarl Yak Damme, F.r.g.S.I No. XIX. Our next point of visit was Bird Island a bare. rock in the sea, on which ft small kind of seagull have made their home. . They look so funny * as they sit there in little coteries or societies, all- in straight rows, decent and quiet, until bang' goes a gun, and in an instant all is chatter and confusion, as the little creatures leave their ledges and fly away. Whether the rock contained billions of gulls or only millions I cannot say, but I never saw so many birds before. A little further oi\ a sccoiul shut was fired and a fresh cloud of chatterers arose, darkening the sky as they passed over the steamer. After that we proceeded to a whaling estab-. lishment to inspect a whale just secured, which was interesting enough and would have been quite satisfactory had there been only, one dead whale in view, but there were the carcases of fifty-two more waiting to be converted into guano after the more valuable products of oil and whalebone had been obtained. The smell was intolerable. Much of the industry connected with whaling was explained to us, though I am afraid some valuable information wis lost, as the efforts to keep the nostrils pro tected proved an absorbing occupation for the time. The harpoon extracted frgm the last caught fish was a horrible instru ment, having a chamber for a big charge of gunpowder, which had been exploded in the body of the poor whale. Yet there he lay o:x the beach white and beautiful, except for the gash on his left flank. Subsequently Ha mm erf est and Tronisoe were re-visited, and at the latter place we were to see the midnight- sun for the last time, but he re fused to come out of the clouds. Surround ing us, as,we stood waiting for the hour of twelve, was a crowd of townspeople, amongst whom a tnan who spoke English, and had lived in Australia a few years, working in Melbourne and Bendigo at his trade, which was thikt of a saihnaker. Not doing so well as he could at. home, he had returned to Tromsoe. Our captain had also seen Aus tralia, having \isited Adelaide as a sailor many-years ago. He was now 45, remark ably fine looking, a very graceful dancer, and had worked his way up from before the mast. Prom Tromsoe we steamed to a fish ing village called ttoersund, where a fair was beins held, and if I had any dcubfc up to this of the people being poor, such doubt would have been removed on seeingthe -articles here exposed for sale, cheap, common ironmongery, crockery, toys, confectionery, etc., but alt the folks looked well and were well dressed according to their fashion, which is of the substantial style, the principal luxuries of'the women being silk kerchiefs and silver jewellery, those of the men bright neckties and silver watch guards. Wines and beer were to be purchased cheap enoueh, but no spirits, and there was not a drunken person in the whole crowd. eThc social ev-1 was present, however, and not exactly hid under a bushel either. Dai.cing had not com menced,the carpenters not being quite ready with the floor, but what amusements there were we shared in,riding in merry-go-rounds, filing at targets, buying tin trumpets, caramels and strange toys. I was quite pleased with my ride on the fiery wooden steed, but some ladies insisted on our going round a second time and that was once too often for it made me sea sick nearly half-an liour. The fair was only beginning, and boats arrived - every moment with more fishermen and their families, all in high expectation of pleasure. I entered a booth arranged as a grand art gallery, its treasures consisting of two gorguous birds, stuffed of course, six waxfigures, two representing notorious murderers, one General Tom Ihumb, another Madame Pompadour, the rest I have forgotten.' There was also a stuffed monkey and in the middle of the sanded floor, an artificial tree, perhaps intended for the tree of knowledge, having flowers and buds such as I am sure nature does not produce now a days. The principal work of art .vas a panorama of the Last Day viewed through holes in a canvass wall. On a globe covered with graves, now all opening, stood an Archanget in the costume of a Roman knight-, with the addition of wings, holding a trumpet to bis ntouth and presenting a truly magni ficent spectacle. People were rising out of their graves, somein cerements, some without, and Divine Majesty appeared above, sur rounded by hosts of angels and saints. All this formed the centre of the picture. On the right were the mansions of the New Jerusalem, pleasant and beautiful to behold, whilst on the lefc there was something which reminded me of terrific dust and bushfires, of which, perhaps, the less slid the better. It was a picture with a moral, there could be no mistake as to that, and I know which side I would prefor to be on if I have any choice in the matter, Moving amongst the multitude of flaxen haired,blue-eyed people, wr could not help ad mitting that if this crowd represented the substratum of society, whether they were poor or not, no commonwealth could rest on a better basis than this. Drunkenness, there was none. Crime no doubt there was, and will be, but a criminal class does not exist in Norway, and anyone observing theae men and women would notice that they looked strong, healthy and felf-reliant. Strange tu say they do not like the Swedes, whijeh shows bad taste on their part, but this shall not prevent me from doing justice to the Nor wegians. It occurred to me that if Austra lian teetotallers were to direct their crusade against alcoholic drinks only, they would do more good than they have done so far. By warring against all fermented liquors as well, they have the moderate men against them, they oppose the natural desires of man, nay, they contend against the examples of our -Lord and Saviour himself, thau which I defy them to set up a batter, be they ever so good and wise. Leaving light bepra and wine3 alone, the Norwegian reformers have almost completely abolished the use of spirits amongst a people, considered until recently to De tho hardest drinkers in Europe. By this means, also, they have nearly the whole nation working hand ftncj heart with them. We arrived at Bodoe, when the Emperor of Germany was there on his way to the North. Cape. He had just returned on board his ship from a visit to the town, and • wostpamed up to the Hohenzollern as close as we decently coulfiring our guns by way of salutation. Uuf courtesy was not returned in kind, but what vp liked better, the Emperor came up on deck, fc.QQk off his cap to us, and wo doffed ours to liiro, whilst the ladies waved their handerchiefs. Ho re? mainea on deck a good while, during which I was 30 bold, of must I say rude, to observe him closely through i»y field glasses, and he appeared to iuo r. freslj looking, good tempered map, a person \yitl> a healthy maid in il healthy body. You may recollect reading that a few dajs aftev this he had a nastv accident at the North G,.pe, nearly breaking his leg, but W surprise when on arriving in Russia a fortnight later1 read in a French newspaper that the Emperor of Germany was a raving maniac, whose mental pondition could no longer be concealed. In Heaven's name what are we to belies of w*hat wo read? It is a blessing that many of the news items we receive per cablp from Europe are already contradicted, and proyed to be lies in the very same issue of the paper, I in which they first appear. Still I must say . I myself thought the Emperor mad when he dismissed Bismarck. Svartisen is,I believe, the most formidable of known glaciers, and I do not suppose any man lias ever explored it in its awful extent. What we saw was only a small part. Steam in" up towards it, its appearance was as a vast sheet of smooth, milkwhite ice descend in^ a mountain gorge until it reached the fiord from which 3 grass-covered rampart a few yards in width separated it. \\\ e landed, and behold, the few yards leijgthened into a •rood mile, the iirst part whereof was a fiwranc meadow, ar.d the rest an uneven dnS°ert of sand. The glacier, instead of a smooth sheet, was a wild confusion of terrific ice boulders, each block as large as a house nl,d- piled up ;n _ the most extraordinary fashion, some on edge, some on end, and all in the maddest disorder. It was slippery ' nd by ufl means without danger, to proceed :.L boulder to boulder ; but, night though fi- ' ^ yearly all t!jc sailors and stewards it wa., *jjS £0 reader assistance, and the were wu to establish themselves band ma. \£l} ' 0f a tolerably level on the Bui. .captain also cent block, whither ,comfits. For niy a supply of wines j ])a(j g0t safe that part, I was content w. » j^ut sor,;e per far, and so were nea^y •. t(j }?i0ck a good sisted in jumping from1 b o:k ^ QUe ti?ie deal further, ^ ^ j Either with know ? Gliding clown to a far distant bot tom between thou^uds of frozen r.iiV.N-; with out the remotest chancc oF ever being seen by mortal eyo anjvmoro. However, they were safe, and so were all of us, but I was ;lad when we stood on firm land again. J?ancy if the glacier had moved, as it must do sometimes. Oh, lor 1 ■ Some peasants were waiting for. us as we emerged, offering for sale milk, flowers and photos, of which latter I bought two, but they only show how imper fect even the art of photography is in its efforts to depict reality. As wo were nearing Trondhjem on the re turn voyage, and many of the passengers were to leave the steamer there, we were all desirous of testifying our gratitude to the captain and employes of the ship. ^he Germans wcio the first to open proceedings by starting a liberal subscription, in which most of us joined, the Sicilian prince andBohemian countess coming in with a nice little plum eaoli. The Americans, as the most numerous nationality on board, considered proper to have a separate demonstration, and prevailed on our leader to call a meeting in the large saloon after tea. Another of our party, the honorable, was voted to the chair, and being Attorney-General in one of the State Governments, he was a practised speaker of srreat impressiveness. After the opening speech, the other Australian tourist requested leave for us Australians to join the Ameri cans, and a similar proposal having been ad vanced on behalf of the English section, both requests were cheerfully acceded to, and there we were, we three branches of the same good stem, ready to unite in doing honor to the Norwegians. Our chief was not a man of oratory, bub the professor made a grand oration, and so did several others, the Americans in particular being forcible speakers. Iwas sitting in a modest corner near the door, when at last the chairman rose to say that the meeting wished to hear an expres- | sion of opinion from Mr. Karl Van Dainme, of Australia. Oh, good gracious, I got a re gular shock, which you will easily under stand, knowing what a, miserable speaker I am; but whether it was the extraordinary kindness of a friendly audience or, as in the case of Balaam's ass, speech was vouchsafed when most urgently needed, but the room rang with acclamation as I spoke, the out side people crowded to thedoors, windowsand skylights to listen, and when I concluded .all united in declaring that my poor speech Was exactly what, was wanted to properly finish up the most glorious pleasure trip that ever was. As I am timid, nervous, hesitating and lacking the command of words when on my legs, public approval came to me as a new sensation, not exactly unpleasant, but if really for once I was capable of saying some words in public, it must be ascribcd to the change of air, or be regarded as nothingshort of a miracle. , . At Trondhjem arrangements Imd been made for us to travel overland to Christian in, the present capital of Noiway, our first stage being by rail as far as Stoeren, a romantic spot with a good hotel, where we stayed over night. At Stoeren carriages were in waiting to take us on a four days' journey over tho Dovre mountains to various interestingpoints among farms, saeterr, and a number of sta tions established for the pleasure and con venience of touiists with which the country seemed to swarm. AH these stations wore bright and clean, every meal a feast, only the beds were as a rule too short, and mosquitoes a nuisance in some places. The country being full of cloir rivers and streams, forests, cascades, enormous mountains, historic memories, and everything required to delight a tourist, we.began to think this part of our journey the best, as it certainly was the merriest, and we had any quantity of little adventures, meeting some of our recent fellow-travellers over and over again. Our couriers were always before us, so that banquets and rooms were ready wherever we came, everywhere the same wealth of fish and strawberries as already referred to, here in the inland country the most relished fish being the trout. Through a curious optical illusion, when travelling along mountain ledges on the incline grade, and looking into th°. awful abysses below, the streams appeared to be flowing upwards. At first I attributed the illusion to some defect of my own, but at last I could not resist asking my carriage companions if they had noticed the same, when one of them said, "Oh, they are running up very f/isb. I have seen it all the time." By and bye all was right again, but these strange illusions oc curred very frequently. In one place, after having sat a long while admiring an enor mous cascade presenting new attractions from every fresh point of view, we camo into a wild glen, where we found a mound and pillar with an inscription that this monument was erected in honor of three hundred Norwegians, who had hero en countered an invading host of nine hundred English in the year 1612 and buried every one of them in this glen, uot a limn escaping. I must say I have forgotten any such inci dent if ever I did read of it or ever it did occur, nor had the two learned ladies of our company heard anything about it; but there is '.the tablet,^[which every passer-by must see, and if the inscription tells a lie don't blame me for it. Can I:be mistaken, and was it 1216 and not 1612 1 Ah well, it is all the same, and makes no difference to anybody.. In the afternoon of our fourth da> from Stoeren we reached the town-of Lillelm-niner at the head of Lake Mjoesen. Having been coaching so long we had no drive hsrc, hut perambulated the town on foot. I saw a nice substantial cottage ju.4t building, which would haye suited me well if it could have been shifted to Bendigo, and inquiring the cost I was told it would come to 'oyer a hundred pounds wlien finished, A thousand would scarcely d<> it here, in fact, I am suro it would not. A ludicrous incident occurred nextmorningas we embarked in a small steamer to cross the lake. The evening before I had seen a lot t>f my frionds in'a jeweller's shop," and "oing in to join them I atso bought some trifles, which I coulil only pay for hy tendering a Bank of England note for £10. The price of exchange was fixed all along out route and tho shopkeeper took the note and. «ave mo change at once, but behold him in the morning waiting for me at the steamer to see if I could give him gold or Norwegian notes. I could not. , I offered to let him have his goods and change back, and I would take my note, but he did not like that either. Ho had seen English five pound notes, but no tens, and felt funky. Poor man, I am afraid he had not slept a wink all night. As a last resource, he asked mo to write my name and address on the back of the note. Of course I . did' so very readily, but you should have seen his face when he read what I? hud written. "Australia," he exclaimed, "oh, that is along way." Yes it.was, and we h.td a good laugh at the perplexity of the man, but one of my lady friendsrelievedhim of anxiety by giving gold for the note, and probably he thought as ho left, that lie had iust managed to escape a tremendous rial:. ■ We had a delightful passage dowii the Mjoesen *' Syiiafc charming towns and ham lets on the banks ail in £ho leafy richness of Norwegian sunirijer 1 AJ; Itidswold \ve disembarked and took , tho trail? to Chris tianin. Here again I was rfad to pe. re lieved by our conductor of aH responsibility^ in respect to portmanteaux, rugs ana.umr brella and immediately on alightuur offer ing an arm to each of the learned ladies, I marched with tho rest of the party across a lar<*e square to the Royal Hotel, the distance boiV$.&-*Mflr C,lbS' there Kble informed that dnjn.Gr \ffiu.d be on the table in half an hour. I wish you ljad seen this dinner. I am sure there were scores of different kinds of food, hot and.cold, salt, sour, sharp, bitter, smoked, pickled, sweet, all nice, but no .regular courses,jj.nd spy6™1 kinds of liqueurs ill tiny glasses, alldcoidedly good, and we made a hearty _diuiier. Tust as we had finished, the head waiter opened . the door of another apart ment and announced to our astonished oar that dinner was served. All that- wo had had it appeared, was only intended for a preliminary appetiser, and ?ow the regular meal was to commence in earnest, w th oysters, soup, saln?ou( toftsta and boiled, strawberries, puddings, gamo.ioaa aiiddewi , It was cruel. Who was there with a s.oinach to stand it ! I had forgotten all about tli.s fashion of the'eountry, imd hitherto we had seon none of it. We wont in for tho straw berries and ices right enough and managed to stow iway a few tribes before coffee was brought in, after ffhifih wo had h"rry UP for the theatre, but wo admonished the land lord never to dare to repeat this style of cater ings long a? we stayed in the house. Fo e heaps of good things sot beforo ua when tho appetite wm cmipletely gone ! It was cruel there cannot be two opinions about t The feast of the Barmecide was a fine joke, at whLel; ftU the world has laughed, but who ig there that laugh at this, I would like to know. (To be fyntpwd,) 