CURRENT TOPICS. Dr. Scott, of Warrnambool, who his intimated h» ft»i«ntioa of 'coataating Villien and', Haytesbury at the next, general election, visited Cimperdown on Saturday on electioneering business iatent. Mb. W. K. Mickinnon, of Marida yallock. has returned to the colony after a trip to the borne country extending <>vers> period of nearly twelve months. Daring that time h« travelled, over Great Britain aod th» Continent, penetrating even as far wu interest in?. Whilst at home Mr. Muckinnon purchased a number of cattle, reference to which has already been made in these columns. The citile arrived aome time ago in the colony, but they hsvo been in quarantine. They will bo released this wuelr, and will bo forwarded to Maridayallock, proliatly on Thursday next. ■ ■ The, Harvest Home seriices at South Purrumbete on Sunday proved of an an- ( unually intereitins nature. The Rjv. O. Dowsirg officiated and the services were cif an appropriate character. The church, at usual, was specially decorated far the occasion, and there were some splendid exhibit* of fruit. Some that came from Sir. Dalziel's orchard are extremely beautiful specimens. There wore some magnificent specimens of aiples, the samples ahown to us weighing over a pound. The plums looked wall, and the taste, wai limply delicious. Ox Saturday last a vehicU wu unt out from Mr. Stansraore'a stables for the purpose of bringing in the hoofs and other portions, as mementos, of a favtrite horse that waa killed during the collision on Friday. Whilst returning, after having joltad over the wont part of thtmad, the axle gave wav, and tho occupants of the trap were thrown out somewhat violently, though no one wu hurt. The weather or Sunday and yesterday waa very warm, the heat registering up tn 90 degrees in the shade, thuugh that record, it may he stated, was obtained in a close room. Judging from the haze which prevailed throughout yeaterday, numerous bushfirs* were hurting north and south of Camperdown. though at some diitanee from the town. It ia the opinion of some old residents that tie summer will be lite and the leason dry. We have been requested by the auc tioneer, Mr. J. Thornton, to draw atten tion to the sale of household furniture and effects to be held on Thursday next, at the owners residence, Mr. W. Fletcher, adjoining Mr. Fielder's in Brook Strret. The a»U is occasioned by Mr. Fletcher having accepted an appointment in another part of the colony. Table Talk reports that the engagement is announced of Miss Mary Pimblett, eldest daughter of Mr. R. Pimblett, " Kurweeton," Camperdown, to Mr. F. C. Coy, merchant, Terang, youngest son of the late J. W. Coy, of Castlemaine. Slb. Murdock M'Dtnald is appointed^to b» a member uf th« hoard of advice. So. 157, for the wist tiding of the shira of Hampden. Sir Samuel Griffith, the Premier of Queensland, has forwarded to the Victorian Government a copy of a report which he has submitted to His Eicellency Sir Uonry Xorroan. with reference to a recent vnit made by him to British New Guinea. Sir Samuel Griffith statti that he wan afforded a good opportunity of seeing the native! in thuir villages, and observing their present attitude to the officers of the Government. Ho was much impressed with tho influence exercised by Sir Wil liam Mtigregor throughout the possession. He was present at the trul of a native, who vat sentenced to death for tbe murder of a Chines*, and it wa» nndered i quite plain to him t"hit the pritoner fully understood what was going on. Similar I trials have been held at Mvaral pUces, aud as the intsrciurae between the tribe* has been much extendod under the influence of the Government, the nature of British justice ie becoming widely known, and the patience and firm nesi which chtracUriee it are becoming appreciated. What most impressed the QteensUnd Premier was the enormous amount of work.to b« done in adminis urine the government of the 'poteeasion, and the eitremelr email means available for doing it. He stronajy qrg»a the necessity of tha Administrator having the us* for the future «f euh a steamer a» the Herri* England. Tn aeetinf which was arranged be tween the coal metchante and the Tradea Hall Council of London, with the view of arnving at an amicable settlement of the dispute with the Mftl porters, 10,000 of wbon» are now on airike, has resultsd in the merchant* agreeing to withdraw their ciraolar boycotting the unionists. The coalmerehantaannoußioed that they ware willing to re-employ unionists, bat insisted apoa retaining thajejrrieM of.the non nntonwU who taw bw* mH* •iMßth* diipata arose at Messrs. Cameron and Co/seoelabeds. The. earni deßaaded that all the unionists should be re-engiged, and at this atage ia the negatistiens the aaeeting was adioaraed. The press, in diasassing tke'sifaitian which has arisen, blame* the (WsJ merehaota. There v very little coaling being done, and many factories are stopped for want of foal. Yob will hava heard (mys tha Melhooraa aorresboodeat of tha AntrtiAdmrtmr) • great deal ia aaaaaßtion witkMr, Mokro* trip to Europe at Ageot-flenersl. It is iatpoetible to state in print the reason* why this eeiwre of an important politiasl sppointmaot oaght never to hava been ooneeotedUbyhisoolleagoes. Battaiaat it is to say that tha eireuauUnoe* are such as to justify M>e aipalsion from office of avery Minuter who f pproved them tha instant Parliament ateeu. I voic* bat tha opiaioo of avery politieun I hava laat— thst tha self appoiatmeat of J«m«* Manro to the pnsitiaD of Ageol-O«n»ral of Vie. tarmaoa* a»t ratsct creditably aaoa tha aoloay. Tha aammoo jadgmcot is thst ha has not prpvad a great saooaas aiAer politieeUyaraf a fmblie «n»noier, while hitherto wa have Boca represented in London by maa who hava at laaat been SttCMsfMta Mm. T. Oraika, of (ha Bandigo Frail Growers Aesoaiation, has twite* • lettar { (to* Mr. M. Barka. meoaging d>"«lor °* tha Melboarae Fraeh Food tad Storaga Compaay, aow taloftaad. -Taw writ" ■mm that ha attaaisi atlas of Aastra liaa apples st Covcat Qarwsa. m4im dalejhted at thaooaditioaia. whs* the. •nit*, Ha !■■■■«»» tar^iiada aoaM batfcmaif tha east af pUaiag tha frastem tlw matte* aaali haliniiil nanH ■a ate tanakai paMiadM* n«M*fi ; Thr .nonlhly meeting of tlio e-.mniittee of management of the Mechanic*' Inititnte was held on Wednesday eveninc, there being present Messrs. Barlow, Smyth, King. lUe, Walker, and Fuller. After confirmation of minutes of previous meet ng, an applicitinn was received on behalf of Mre. Cridlani and other ladien, asking for the u»o of the hall for a ball on the 25th intt, Two cloak rooms and • supper room (not the one under the sUge) would be required, for the use i>f which they were willing to jiay an extra guinea. It wu agreed that the ladies be granted the use of the hall and rooms as requested for the mm of four guineas. It was mentioned to the committee that •everal public meetings had been held at the institute, for which no foes ap peared to hatre been p^id,"and it waa decided to ask the caretaker to ccc that the necemry fee (2i <>i for use of the •mall room) be collected from those en gaging th» room. Mr. Smyth ge»e notice of his intention to move that the quorum number he reduced from live t» three. The tneetinz then a'ljournea fnr a week when the general meeting will also be held. TllE »eene of the recent accident on the Curdie's River railway line was lar gely, visited on SuMrday and Suuday, and much surpriso expressed at the escape of the driver, Mr. M'DJrtnld. and the lad Trott. At the first shock of the collision they must have been thrown clear of the line, a* the tender of the online must havo crashed over the foro part of the dra». Th« f»nrt»r it.nlf »». Ik"-" partly off the line, and the water tank was torn almost completely off. The engine na< thus disabled, and had subsequently to be towed into Camperdown. The loss to the railway contractors by the collision will l>» something considerable, as the repairs to the engine will cost from £200 to £300. The crossing at which the col- l'sion occurred is stated to be in a very dangerous place. It is only a very short distance : below where the curve com mences, and it is impossiblo for tha driver to see any obstruction until he is too close to "pull the engine np. In addition the gatehouse is stated to be on the wrong aide of the line. We have been informed that the attention of the Railway Department had previously been drawn to the danger, and if such U tho case they cannot be too soverely blimi'd for neplect. It is to bo hoped that tho crossing will be removed before more serious dainige is caused. The temporary re«ervation, by order of the 14 h October, 1878, of one hundred and fcrty-eight acre« thirty- seven perches of land in the parish of drpendeit, as h site tor public purposes, is about to be revoked as far aa regards the most easterly portion thereof, comprising an area of 30j. lr. 37p.' A Cabinet meeting was held on Satur day night, at which all the Ministerial diflerences were setiled, and to-day the Shiela Miuistry will b« duly sworn in by His Excellency the Governor. Mr. Stiiels will be Pfemier und Mr. Peacock Minister of Education. In the Council, Mr. Georse Davis and prohaMy Mr. Zial will i >in the Ministry. Mr. Outtrim will tako the Public Work« Department, as well a» the Mines. Mr. Duffy will bo Attorney. General, and may be Postmast?r-General. Mr. Wheeler will be Minister of Rail ways ; Mr. Turner, Minitter of Justice, in addition to that of customs; Mr. George Davis. Minister of Defence, aud possibly Poitmatter-General. Work will at once be started in railway construction, aoas to pro Tide work for the unemployed. A line has not yet been select«d, but it will probably be a suburban ona. Mr. Munro, it has baen finally settled, is to go home as Agent-General. The following nstice to post and tele graph matters appeara in Friday'« issue o' th« Daily Post and Ttlajmph Guide : — Postmaster* are instructed to see that urgent and 'reply paid' telegrams aru iv future enclosed in envelope" specially pro vided for the purpose. Messengers are U^ be instructed to inform the recipients of telegrams to which the replies have been propaid that they will wait three ininutoa, if required, for such replies. In every cue whero the reply is paid fi.r, ri telegram transmission form on whichthertplyshould be written, mint bo enclosed in the an telope. Urgent telegrams for transmission to plaprt in Victoria, will be accepted from ihe public ou payment of double the or dinary fee*. Such telegrams will be tram? milted and delivered' in preference to any message <>r despatch other than any Go vernment message, or thoso rehtin^ to the arrest of criminals, or any matter connected with the administration of justice." In the case of telegrams marked "urgent" the message will be enclosed in a pink envelope ; *' reply paid' 1 roessiges will bii endued in a green envelope, the ordinary rats only being chirged. The alteration! are made in the intereits of the public, and cannot fail to prove of great convenience to them in numerous mstancea. Tai following Und notices are ex tracted from Friday's Gforernnwiit Oazttte: —Application for license approved under Section 42:—Win Bryant, L% Trobe. Grazing areas available on or before Friday, 11th March :—Allots. C 5, CO, (A, 60, 02, 59, Wangerrip. Applications far lease approved under Section 20:—James Hynee, Timboon. Lasds temporarily reeerved from »la, &o.;:—Site fur a fever hospital, alia ex copied from occupation fur teaidenca ct business under any miner'a right or busi ness licenoe.—Three acres, three roods, thirty-four perchee, onanly of Hsujpden, toarn of Mortlaka: Commencing at a point bearing couth on* chain 6(ty-thr«o links, and watt one chain fifty I'm lit, from the north-west angle of suburban allotment 14 of section 2; bounded thence by a road bearing south ten chains'; thence by a road bearing west two chains ninety-sight links and If. 64° 86' W, one chain, twenty'-Sve links and three-tenths ; ami thanoe by the Public Park and Garden resorte bear ing north nine chaina twenty seven links •ail eMt tour ehiins to the point of com. mtncement. A ciruTtfiq* repree*ntinx the unem ployed waited upba Mr. Sbiefj at the Crown Law offices oo Saturday, to ask that a departmtnt of industry should be ineiaded uupin in the incoming Ad ' ministration. Members of tha deputation described the dittrees Slitting v bitter tad widespread, and aaid Dumber* of mea preferred to suffer ia aileaac rather thau make their waots known. It-' a Stats labour bureau were eatablishea there men 1 woold staa4 a efcaace of obtaioiag cm ploymeat Mr. fjhiels, ia reply, pnmieed to do hie ataaoet to assist tha •mamployed, •nd lacar ia tha day ha b*4 a apeeul in. terriew with hie aoHaagMe, « which it wai detemiaal to proceed with tha wark of railway oeattroetioo ac qoickly a* possible. Tn fullowiog contract has been aaaeptad for the cmtayanoe of iolaad tatits for tba year 18&1?:—To and from Oobdea and Wiridiil. ones a waak, fross lrt Jaly, Ji&l.; to 30th Java, 18W, at Urn rat* of £32 per 1 aanam (In liea of aoatraet No. 1767. >■> I the aaoia af James New, jaar., at the rate of £83 per annas*, ouofllad from lit Jaly, 1891).—Thomas Kennedy, X 32. ▲ »t>vax point was raised at a revision 1 eoait held at Lintoa on Tbonday, whan the liate for the Pitield division of tha ; elestoral district of OrenviUe were aader review. Mr. Sehrsch, a fermrter, claimed that ha had sarvad in the British army at i UeOriawM war, aaJ that a» his disahiifa ona af tha aoadi(ioa« ••• that heshogM haveaUtharithUofa Bntish hora aah i ieetiaaay of tha Britisk eolowiaa. Mr, Foaawexpneasdhisdaepaympalhyforhim > aatkaaawjaat,aa« amtaiaa ha was ■«■ , StaMlsm«7(Mr.Veater)waaaeaiH>e« taariar Umb thw Haw ha atraak a€ Mm I Msi The many friend* of Mr. Neil Ras mujseo will regret to hear that he hai been confined to hia bid ainca Friday Ltt, the cauie being au injury to tho hip. He ia being attended to by Dr. Pettigrew, and it i» hoped thai he will ■oon be about agtiu »a active and alert aeever. A court for the reTiaion of the rate nayin" and general lists was hold at Jlott- Uke, on Friday, before Mr. M'Cormlck, P.M., when the following namea wirn struck off or added to their respective ditisiona:— Mortlnka division- J. h. Armstrong, W. M'Leod and 1 PolUy wera .truck out; C.SiZ^land'a name was ordered to rvinain on, »• it appeared on the rate* raj-eral roll. Wourudcm divi.ion—Win. Prentices'a uamo nas added to tho general list, hating been placed in error on the Ballangeich division. In the Ballangeich division the names of W. Campbell. W. F. Ross, and R. Hood were struck off the ratepayers' list, and Win. Prentice off the general list. Tub shipments of butter to Lmdon dorina the season now cluaing have been verj large. The first couaiziiment of 228,48C11-a wai sent away on October 3, and eiucu then the shipments have been continued almoßtweekly. ThelastbultPr for th« a?ason will be forwarded by tho R.JS.S. Cuzso next week. Exclusive of this consignment, the total quantity uf hatter despatched to ihe London market duriue the season has been 4,720,1711h5, or ov«ir 2107 tons, valued at ruling raiea at upwards of a quarter of a million sterling r, Twill U»...— t»,»f .ff«, a~lnolin and all nther charges, tho trade will result iv a very eubnUiitial profit for the Vic torian producers. The following letter on tho subject of •' rabbit poisoning and bush fires" appeared in Saturday 'aAnjiu :— Sir,—ln view of the numerous and devastating hush fires that arc- daily br. jakini{ out in this neighbour hood, I think it high time the attention of tho Agricultural department should bo directed to what appears to be ouo uf tho principal causes, viz., the laying of phos phorus in a dangerous form as a rabbit puison imd.tr imperative instructions from the Government rabbit inspector. Tho formula issued by tho inspector to the farmers fur making phosphorised pollard is a dangerous one. No raattir how careful tho manipulition in its admixture, any heat over 110 des. we know, as a fact, is liable to ignito the compound. During this hot weather sun hea: is daily over that temperature. The in discrimi n»te laying of phosphorous is prov ina a Btindini; menace and souicr of grave anxiety to thu whole farming class in this district. There are numerous other niethud* of puisonin^ rabbits quite effec tiva. Puosphorieed wheat as made by the patent process is perfectly tafe.—l am, &c;, H. \V. Poixs, Chemitt, Euros, Feb. Tue placing of the Treasury bills to the amount' of £2,000,000 his now been p'racticully arranged, aud the money will ba available (or the Government to draw against as it is required. It is proposed la recoup the Trust fund*, and render them availablo for further local demand*. The bills have been taken up by the bank* at par. and they bear interest ut the rate of 4i per cent, per annum, and are re deemable at two years. The Government haß no expense t<» bo flotation, »nd will extent of the amount drawn. The banks will negotiate the bills in London, to that the Guvernment does not appear as a borrower, but has shown it can arrange its financial needs locally. The arrange ment is regarded as highly satisfactory in financial circles, and Mr. Muuro has been informed ha could have placed £4,000,000 in the same way. A few gentlemon met together at Scott's Hotel, Melbourne, on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of considering a project fur the formation of an assets realisation company to tako over Ihe assets of tho T»rious financial inttitutions whose present positioD, owin<; to tho existing depression, rendt-rs it likely that they may bo forced into liquidation. Mr. J. Service presided, and there w«re also present Sir Georije Verdun, S:r James Macßain, Messn. M. Lin;;, T. Leader, K. Miller, A. Rowan, Ci. D Carter aud R. Murray Smith. Tha present positinn of ;vtfiirs »as discussed, and it is stated that a company will probably bo formed with £100.000 capita!, which would only bo required tn meet ex penses incidental to the liquidation. The securities and the shares of all tha com panies would he revalued, and then I debentures would be issued as a Grst chargo on those securities, and depositors woulil bo asked to tako up these debtn tures to the amount of their deposit. Shareholders in tha various companies, it is urged by those who favour the scheme, would receive shares in the new compaoy as deferred stock to the exteat of tha new valuation or the intrinsic worth of their shares. In this way it ia claimed tha expense* of many different liquidations would bu saved, and the calamity which would follow from a host of securities being forced on tke market at once would be averted. The position was fully discussed, hut nothing definite arrived at, when the meeting adjourned until Tuesday next. It was understood that the Cuinpany should ba almost for the benefit of the shara holder*, and the only payment! the new shareholders would receive on their pre ferred stock would be such commissions, it a, as ordinarily accrue to liquidator!. Th« Board of Land and Works has now taken over the construction branch of the Riilway department, and ratilied all tha acts of the comrnisMoners since tha Ist of January in regard to construction works. The revision of the list of officers and employees of the branch his, however, not yet been completed. Mr. \V. Kel leher, who hsi officiated as secretary at the meetings of the board, has now been appointed secretary to the Minister of ttnilways. A match between the Warrnunbool and Coltc cJiltt* wta tired on Thuisday, when the farmer were victorious. Tenders are invited for repairs till 31st December, 1892, of platelayers' tools oa the vsrinaa lines mentioned iv the advertise m«o>. Teii thaattsd acres of land oorfce resumed portion of the Lome run, Blackall district, Queensland, were sold by auction at Brisbane ua Tueaday at 10« qer acie. Two racing ponies, Richmond Bel'e and Sophy, collided on Saturday morning at Bydo and Yoang, were aerioaaly injared. About lloant Ecctee faxes are increasing to neb an extent that the Minhimite Shire Cooaeil hava teea obliged to redact iv bonns for fox skins from £1 to 10s. II is r-elisved now, ia politicsl circles, tbtf f atare Gavenmsnt loaaa can be' raiat-t in the eolooy by debenture!, people with atvisg*, trnstter, eta, rtquiriog safe in* stsnnt. Contuble Kiehard Csaningsam Peytoa is appoint*! to be an oi»i to oarry out that portioa of part II of the Marine Act 1890, which reUtes to the management of pablic whtrvaa at Apollo Biy. | The Wagga Wagga ttprtu newspaper ariatiog offioo wu.baraedtotke grosad oa Sa-.daj. laesraaaes were fflfeatad to the amoaat of £I,SBO, which, however, does aot repreeeat tbe basinvs lots. Ten of the Ljku orcwof the firitkh atmaier Orieatal aUem|rted to ran away from tha vemtl on Friday. One of them wu eest baok to werk by the Ifciboarae City Beach on Sttarday morsing. - Tha Ooleaial OSca has departed from the policy of anpaiatiag as Uoveraors yoasar ■mb wha have to wia their span ia oAstal ■ad political life. Tha Kvl otGUajew, jam sptiialiaUKew Zeslsaa.iatQyaan ofaee. Oaaaral Bath has haaa aatiaaiiHlmlly •Hsla^BH^sA ksk^aW 4a **- -*" * ~ Kf^ka.Maaaw WVfJm^BaWHI ■■■■ Wt asHBsYJatJaU sBsWmWfJIHatMn ■n sharfst ay tha Aimy nM liaimat to §» oat t> awat hem. At The K«v F Halting*, of AdeUiie, has got iato hot" water wilb the Übor party there for savior th«t •• la Australia the Chines." Qutd .Ik. th. very best colom.ts and ritiicie . . . «■>'« h™".ly3 would like t» s« a gre.t ii-flix «f Chinese. The construction of the great Sibemn . railway, which was rtceotly «ae|iajidcrt m uoneeqoeo'oo of the lick ol lunis, will be, I* I is beleivcd, booh roomed. A numror ol leiding Fn-tch capitalists are thawing every disposiibo to advauco th« fan i required. The £2 OOO.COO ot Trcasorjr bills that have been t o'otiated by th i G .vernmeut witii the snoeialed banks will be iwu'id m ibe tollnwii.K form :-500 bill* c.oh of the value of £500 ? SUO ..! tho value of £ICOD J 210 of the valac ot £DOOO ; and 20 of the valne ol £10,000. A shoemaker named Gnat-ire Vanderavero, a»ed 25. was convicted at B.rlin recently of living murdered three brother* and asinter by iioifoning them. He was tentenced to death. The crime was discovered through an unsuccessful attempt on the part of the prisoner to prison a fourth brother. la view of tb» outbreik of foot and mouth diwaw amongst Danish cattle s.'titto the London ttotk market, as will a. in Germany and other paiU of Laropc, the Morning Post proposes tint tlie Government tnuuld take immediate -teps to rutilly pro hibit the importatioo of live cat' Jot» fcog- Uo.l from foreign countries. «.^ Tne lateDnkeof U.Tonthiie owned l»;d in 14 dffercut counties, viz., D.'il.y, Y.n«. Lvicashirc. Sussex, Somerset, Linouln, Com- Lcrland, -Mid(sl<-»tx, Notn. Chester, &iaf; ford. Cork, Watsrfon). Tipperary. 1h« otitos extend to 103 000 acre*, and the .".oil rental is «ou. e th.n H over £170,000. A riesc«at was raatiir on »i;>«uihiiu^ doi at the back of Kustell-strcet Melbourne early on Sanday morning, which resulted in the apprehension of 21 Ramblers. The prisooe-.s were tiken to tbe City '.Vatch ' 110-ee, where as many were locked up ai there was occomni'd^tion for, others being imprisoned at the King-street police atat-on. The run on the Savings Bank of New South Walei in Birrack-street virtually ceased on Friday, but there were a few timid ouea who visiteJ the institution on Saturday mornine. The total reoiipta at the head office on Saturday morning and even ing amouoted to upwards of £10,000, an i in cliideil a considerable proportion of the money withdiawu during tbe three days a .are. Since hii return to Lon lon from his tour I of the colonies " Guieial " ]'. >otb hts anuouure.i that ho 1..« selected C»ie Cdony as the site'orhiai- xperiin-nt of an ovewa colony to afford an ootlrt for the" submerged tenth " of Em-land. Th.< l)ai!i/ Xfta, referring to the "General's" visit to tbe Australian colonies, atato tlmt if Australia refines to reot-ive his immigrants her briif ri-mnl of progress will l>« prsctically close]. Io the temperance township of Mi'dura a nuinbcr of summonses have bttn served on sly-«rog idlers F. r nine timo past people bate been scandalised by the unusual nmnlier of drunken perssus about, and the facilities offered for obtaining liqujr beoimo a miltet of common Ulk. A clever stranger 11 tail to ha\c bjen specially imported to obtain evidence, and 25summi>LBes h»ve beta issued. Among the number summoned arc a docter mrl a chemist. The only tales called on at the Mortlake P.jlisa Court on Frid»y were—Stone v. Biiley and Wynne, and as there was no ap |:e>ra»ce the case was struck uut. A. J. Brookman anl Co., v. J Jeokins, debt, £3 104 4(1; o:,l'r for amount aod 5< casts. Same v. J. Ware, debt, 1M 2s 6d : order frr 5s cost>, the amnnot having been paid. A carrier* license was granted >o Allan Cameron. The nn^istntes on tha B:nch were Mr. M'CormacU, P.M.. Dr. Sw.etuara and Mr, Ja«. Aikmin, J.'sP. The funeral service fjr the late ttev. C. H. Spurgaon was held in the Metropolitan Ta bernacle on Thursday, the sacred edifice being crowded in all par's. On the couclmiin of the (erviee a procession, consisting of 40 oar riiget and a Urge number of other vehicles, was formed aud proceeded to the Norwood cemetery, where the interment took place. Tne route was thronged with people. Shops were closed along the line of route, and the bells of various c&urctiej; tolled daring the day. The B shop of X jcho»tcr otficuied at the grave, and pronounced tlie blcsius. Th«o,.(li:i v.-issurmi.untel by an open IJ:ble. Whh a view of providing employment, which is thought to be much te^.le I at tno pica titn?, the (iovernotcat has de:ided tj immoliat-ly i roce-.d wiili the construction of one or more lioes uf railway in auticipi tii nof the saaction of Parliament. A cuu dit:oi \>hxh ia to bo observed in the selec tiuu uf any lice is that tin liai along its n.ate most be handed over to tin Gofcrc roent without compecs\tion. C.ntr^cla are also to l>e let for supplies of ll*eper», aad lir.t insialmenu o'the mauicipkl end.jviujtnt will he advanced to ench locil bodies as are prepared tj immediately rxpend the money on works within tlie.r bouadariu. A feinfiu'ar coincitleace has been brought aboat in connection with tne suiden death by accident of the brothers Jcnkim at Hopetnun racte cm New Yej'» Day. It will I* remeiuLered that one of the brothers was riling in the l«t race in the eveoing, when the othe>, Rtece Jenkin', galloped acruai the lacecourse, and running into the racing horseti, brought svvtril down, the remit bsing that he was ki led on the epot, anri his brother received injuiies that tubs« qusntly proved fatal. It appears (remtrks Ihe tribune) that the horses the brothers wer« ritiuig at the time of ths aid fatality, Lady Jane and Robin Hood, have tinco been drowned »t the same tims and in thn sao.o wate'bole, Tba bodies of both animils were fonad in the watcrbol* wbero they hadeTideotly perished tj?eth»r. A Valuiule Disoovebv— Mr. William Railam. c£ Tciti, after uuDy yean' experi u.enting, has invented a pleasaot ionic, which will cure all diseases canted by microbe} in the system, invalids wbo h»ve been dosed with nauseous drugs until tbe stomacb bu b»«n completely rnimd, and revolts at anything in tbe form of medicine will rind a pleasure in taking the Microbe Killer. It is perfectly harinleis to people, hut isdeath to tbe microlei of di«esae, aud will be funnd very invi.'OratiOK at all time. It is also a specific fors<-'ere crldn, lurltiecza. Typhoid, Dpspepiia, Uydatida, i;ip!itarri» t Hcidaclie, Female Comulaiutt, Rh Kidney and Lifer Trouble', Astama, Son) Ihroit, Indigestion, Sciatica, Cancer, Coa ■uinptioa. Skin Diiease, Broochitii, and all dUoues, caused by impure blood. Thoaasnda of testinoaialt testify io it* wonderful effi cacy. Tbe medicine ia sold in gallon atone jura only, and the public are warned against •purioui iinitathns or acything prattniiog to be Kadam'a Microbe Killer that ia offared in bottle. Send for pamphlet, giving full instruc tions and testimonial!, Stevenson and Htnlersow, agents for Camperdown; Jaa. Wrkiuson,' ageat for Colac; BneieU and Powell, ag-.ats for Warrcaabool aad Port Fairy; 