THE ART SOCIETY'S show. Upon the general result of the 305 exhibits which this year's show of the Art Society comprises that body is to be congratulated. As in former years, the exhibition brings to light a good deal of work Of which we all, as well as the artist, may be proud, and a good deal that might with advantage have been kept in a dark — a very dark — corner of the studio. It is a notice able fact that this year the best work is by painters who have carried off honors at pre- ceding exhibitions, and consequently there is not much new blood amongst the exhibitors in the show of 1892. Of the 145 pictures that form the oil-color collection one of the most striking is the large canvas filled by Mr. W. Lister Lester, which the artist has appro priately called "The Ever-Restless Sea." In an altogether delightful picture of curl- ing surf, with patches of weed-covered rock and wet sand in the foreground, the artist has followed closely his best subject of last year. The present exhibit, which forms the best example of seascape painting that has been shown in connection with the society, has been bought by the trustees of the Art Gallery. Mr, Lester's other pictures worthy of commendation are " Daybreak,'' "An Arrival," " A Sqall off Port Stephens," and " Beardy Plains." Of Mr. Spence's collection the most striking is his picture "Toiled and Thirsted, Strove and Suffered," a bush subject, of course, with a gruesome story to tell of death on the plains from thirst. The prostrate figure in the foreground gripping the arid earth in the death agony, the blasting heat of noon day, the empty water-bag, all eloquently tell the dreadful story. Here the young artist has shown vigorous treatment and a fine appreciation for detail, Mr. Spence also sends to the oils the picture "Land ward in haste the screaming seafowl fly," in which the deep tints of parting day are falling upon a rising sea, and a cloud of birds stand out against a sky of gold, and "Listening for the cow bells." Mr. Tom Roberts sends a number of portraits, the best of which is a head, "Eileen," a most charming study, which has been bought by the trustees of the Art Gallery. Another exhibit from the brush of the same painter is a collection of three bends, entitled "Church, State and Law. winch are respectively represented by Cardinal Moran, Sir H. Parkes and Sir W Windeyer. In attempting a likeness of the statesman, the artist has evidently been influenced by the caricaturist. In the other two cases, however, the result is happy. Others from the same source are successful, notably an aboriginal head, which has been purchased by the Art Gallery. Mr. Frank Mahony's principal picture this year is called, "As in the days of old," a somewhat ambiguous title which, however, has bearing on the old- fashioned custom of bushranging and the like. Mr. Mahony has contributed to the collection a very forcible picture in which he presents two horsemen riding down a country road. One has evidently discharged his pistol at the other, but the latter has struck the arm up just in time, and at the moment the artist has caught him he is in the act of bringing down a heavy crop upon the forehead of the murderous rascal beside him. Lovers of peaceful scenery, of hill, sky and stream order, will pause before Mr. Rolando's picture, "On the Ovens River" (No. 14), a most delightful prospect and admirably re- produced. The same artist's "On the Murray — Effect of Bushfires " is no less ex- cellent, whilst his " Sunset on the Buffalo" is indeed an admirably-filled canvas. Amongst the best of the collection are Mr. Piguenit's delightful river scenes, "Sunset on the Lane Cove" and "Spring, Lane Cove," which river and its surroundings provide the artist with excellent inspiration. Mr. Hunt's principal contributions are "The Lust Warm Blush of Fading Day," in which the artist is by no means so well represented as in his other, "The Letter.-' Mr. R. Godfrey Rivers is very successful with his picture, "The Swagsmen," for which only £105 is asked. Amongst the water colors, " Meditation," the work of Anne Dobson, claims special mention, and Mr. Edward Bevan's three, "Boat, Oh!" "Old Ben's Landing" and "A Preliminary Puff' (The latter especially), worthily represent the artist. The Athen- æum Club committee this year has kindly patronised the local article by purchasing Mr. Fullwood's picture, "Cathedral Rocks," and Mr. Spence's "Listening for the cow bells." Mr. VVoodhouse's water-color pic- tures of cathedral architecture commend themselves. The private view will take place to-day, and the usual public days will follow. 