NEVtfSW BRIEF. " Victorian. Lord; Sheffield's teauaha? beaten Is ew South W ales .by. seven;wiGket$ TrawOgan butter fafitQi haA this seasou ex- portedt4?,86iib ofciJufcter. » « AAt i, aXL« Xr>AtAmaYl fit! T, tiftT The vsuzco tooE oo tops; w «.«»«» for London onSaturday-. Geelong gave theHoa. J>wes Munro a tee total banquetlastMonday. Ministrypropcae tosave £10,00uJ>y, not hold ing the usuaJ Eaater, encampment thigyear. Premier Shield to; declare the asterial policy at Oasterton opsSaturday 19th: march. Captain White# the' new. Victorian Naval Commandant, ariivediatiieOrizaba on Thurs day. JOodd M< Abater, kicked on- the head by a horse while driving to Sale races, died soon after. The Melbourne Stopk Exchange is.drafting a rule to put down the "speck" selling of bank shares.. National Association held a big pre-electoral meeting on Thursday night P reparipg for the campaign. Town-clerk oft Horsham, and family half poisoned by. Mane, mange coloured with bad. cochinejal. The " Parvenu" revived- successfully for a week at the Bijou, in succession- to "The Hobby Horse." Mr. Peacock's acceptance of a portfolio necessitates a by -elect ion'4$r Clunes ana Allen: dale. Writ issued. Big bush-fire at Tpombullup,. A shire bridge,, jeveral thousand acre? ot grass, and. a. lot of fencing destroyed. One hundred - unemployed to be set to work. for three m onthe At thinning the Gunbower apd Barm ah State, forests. More trouble in our navy with the razor. Reported that the Hue- jacket's moustache is under capital sentence.- The labour bureau on, Tuesday received 160 applications for free railway passes to look for work, and granted 61 of them. The Carlton School; Board exonorated Mrs. Streeter, of the: Faraday Btreet State school# of the charge of cruelty, toa female, pupil. Executive Council held at Ararat on Thurs day this- week Lord Hopetoun is detained at q Woodlands by the. advent of another son. 5 Mrs. Irvine, landlady, of- the Court House hotel, Talbot, died swiftly from anapopletic J fit last Tuesday Death accelerated by heat Councillor Pigdon, of North Carlton, is asked to stand for Oarlton. He is., opposed to the Stock- tax and the one-man-one-vote proposal. There was only £28yl7 to pay the butter ex port bonuses; but the: quantity actually, ex ported entails a bonus expenditure of £49,000 «dd. The late Ministry dined the new Agent- General at the Oriental hotel on Wednesday. The banquet was not entirely on ginger ale fines. Mr. J ustice Hood, remarks - of the house-sale- affair in the, Mrs. Taylor (Land Credit Bank, suit) case that it was a very " shady transac tion." Stanley is back-againin Melbourne. This week finishes off. his lecturing course, in Vic?, toria, and then he gopsto Adelaide, en route iot Voine. " Little Jack Sheppard," with Miss. Billie Barlow in the title- role, produced at the Theatre-Royal on Saturday night# and well re ceived. Mr. E. Wilkins, Mayor of Colling wood, is a candidate for that constituency. He has been givin g away .meat to unemployeds on Saturday uights. Mr. Justice Hodges last Friday adjourned, the Supreme Court sittings over which he. was: to preside, on account- of the, death- of his, mother.- The suspended, landbauks, await the pros pectus .of the Assets: Trust, and Mortgage Company, before- taking any action , in that ; direction. Riley# the Bendigo prisoner, who knocked down a- warder with his- cell stool, has. been sentenced to 18 months, with -certain weeks of solitary. The Korrumburra eoftl mines have raked np that guarantee of -working expenses for. the trunk line connections, without which the latter will not be made. The P„ and O. and Orient companies charge oe. Bd. per butter case in cool storage. The New Zealand line of steamers. charges only 3s. Gd,. Why this thusness ? The "Broker's Bill",?' which last session ;oueed the, wrath oi 'Changebut wa? dropped In the rush-for prorogation, is /to be reintro duced this year. CarlHerz, the: astonishing illusionist at the: Opera-house, has come out with more astonish ing exemplications of the fact that " seeing is; uot always believing" The Moe swampy drainage navvies took possession of Gibson's -hotel, Trafalgar, last Monday andproeeededto-paini the township red. Eight arrested and fined £2 each. - The landowners onthe proposed Donald and Wirrimhirchlp line havo giVemthe Minister of JKailways satisfactory assurance that the land required shall be-given free to the State. The supporters of, Mr. J ohn Eenelly, candi date for Yarrawongasand Benalia, politely re- queist Councillor: Krville, of St. James's, another candidate, tore tire in-hfa favour. Close and muggy-weather,' with threatenings of rain# signalised the close of last week and the beginning of this The heat wave has qassed now, and welookfor the downpour. At Castlemaine a bhud . organ-player named Honour has baen arrostedfor indecently assault ing an eleven -year- oldsgirl who for ayear back has accompanied him to " pasB rourid the hat." _ " Jean Valjean," Mr, Dampier's dramatisa tion of Victor Hagp'sfaraous novel " Les Miaerables," produced at the AI«vr»«iflTa on Saturday nightj is a legithnate dramatic suc cess. Mr. EascHIes, thetaaHbe Jeaatiiolder, has ob tained guaranteeafoBT the Government that no compensation- shhll-lbef askBA: for the land re quired for the Warzaofcnaheal to Galaquil rail way. Mr. J. H. M'Goll: banqueted by his Gun- bower constituentein the Kerang skating rink. They gave him not only ltind words and flat tering speedies# but a purse of sovereigns to boot. Great temperance demonstration in Mel bourne Town-hall on Tuesday night. Mr. J. Yale declared for," absolute, prohibition," and : the Hon. Jan. Munro was presented 'with- a- yriting-desk. Twente'-eight charges ; of sly grog selling Against 16 defendants at Mildura A > tailor was fined £25 for selling a bottle of whiskey. Dr. Abramowski, who keeps a chemist's shop iras oharged with supplying excise officers with i a nobbler of whiskey, four ounces of brandy , and a bottle ofrporter. His- defence was that the strangers scud they were ill. Young Victorian Patriotic League moving forward. It has added to its programme a resolution to resist any extension of State inter ference with liberty and1 property- in the in terests of Socialism. The Education Department' has retrenched. 22 small, unclassified schools, substituting therefor free conveyance: of children, to the. nearest classified school.. Saving of about £1,500 a year effected. A.M.A. picnic at Qneenscliffe _ on Saturday# conference and banquet at Bendigo on. Tuesday. The- only. Trenwith- attended, orated, and asked, the A. M.A. to. joiu teama with the Progressive Political League. Notbing eyer seeaiin Melbourne to compare, in artistic splendour# perfection mountiagi. and scenic effeofc with " La Cigale at the: Princess's. The Londpn prima. donna,. Miss Marie Halton, is encored nightly to the echo. Charles Haddon Holmes, "a fashionable young man." arrested ona-chargeof victimising his landlady, a Mrs. Partridge, of- Caroline- street, South Yarra, by selling her, for £260, shares in a non-existing mioe in. New: South Wales. An election meeting at, Albert Park,, after, hearing the views of "Mir. Jos.ke, a candidate for. South Melbourne, negatived, a .resoluti on ,of con fidence in him. He is a dual voter and says "Thrift is an emblem of the morality - of the people#" Dr. Bevan's efforts for the relief of 'the .un employed not appreciated so heartily as one- would like After hearing the- doctor, they called for. thai irrepressible Fiynn, and boo? hpoed the idea, of relief through Salvation. Army agency. Six Ballarat. Salvationists (three- of. th«n j women), were on Tuesday fined £3 ' eaoh for. | processionising in the: streets of "the golden city without civic permission. They declined to pay andwentto gaol. Thomas Main, previously, fined, was sent up for a month without option. A Haywood bullock#., which.. objected to. be slaugbtmed, made things, very, lively ur: the yard of doom, last week. He had got a. young, fellow jammed up. against -the rails , and was. going to perforate him, when: a big sharp- edged stone, thrown fair at his forehead, killed , himon thespot. Mr. J . H. Knight, manager of a Bairnsdale farm, found drowned at' Shore's Bay, in the lakes His clothes and a couple of ducks- were found on the shore, and his naked body, with a loaded gun alongside, lying in; 6ft. of waters- He had a warn out affcer a wounded'- duck, and had been seized with cramp. Alderman Anderson of Geelong sues the Geelong Advertiser for libelling him, by declar ing: that he- waa : only, sober by accident,, was. amourously inclined and., that when, acting- on the -finance committee of the Council he was so drunk as not to know what he was doing. The defendants plead j ustifiostion. Mr. Shiels feels. bound by Mr. Munro's promise to,give £15,000 for: the. representation of Victoria at Chicago World's Fair if the ex hibitor interested wffi raise £5,000. They, can t do it, and Shiels will not go a penny be yond Munro's promise In faetlie would much- rather spend the -£15,000 in Victoria. 