THE return of so many representatives of the Labor Party, at the last general elections in New South Wales, was generally regarded as the appearance of a wholly new factor in Australian politics. These representatives, always supposing that they acted in unison and gave a compact vote, would, it was held, hold the balance of power in the Assembly, and in fact prove masters of the situation. The primary condition has not, however, been ful filled. While all tiie members of the labor contingent have consistently de clared their intention of giving all industrial questions the first place, there have been differences as to methods and means, and in some critical divisions the party itself has been divided. The line thus once broken, the weight of the labor vote in the House became rapidly diminished, and at present the party, so far as the House is concerned, and so far as its influence upon current legislation is concerned, is in a state of uncertainty and disturbance, if not of actual dis ruption. This unlooked-for result has not escaped the attentive considera tion of the outside leaders of the labor party, and has resulted in a conference of representatives of the various branches of the Labor Electoral League of New South Wales, which held its sittings in Sydney last week, and, after discussion, passed a number of important resolutions which may be taken to indicate the position which will be assumed by .the Labor League in regard to very important political and industrial issues. It was understood at the late elections that all candidates recognised and supported by the League should in every case vote on the accepted platform of that League, or on such lines as might be from time to time agreed to in caucus. It is charged .against certain members of the Parliamentary labor party that they have not fulfilled this condition, and-one of-the l resolutions, adopted declares that all members who have neglected or. refused to obey the directions oi the party or the caucus, should be called upon to resign. Another resolution affirms that a satisfactory settlement of the fiscal question can only he obtained by means of a plebiscite, and while admitting that it is the duty of the labor party to support the Government, declares it to be also its duty to oppose all party measures, such as the alteration of the tariff, until a “good proportion” of the labor platform is carried into law. These two resolutions involve grave questions of principle. They contem plate the introduction to Parliament of members who in many matters, if not in all, will .be. merely automatic representatives, blocking any such business as they might choose to regard as party legislation, unless or until the special legislation which they may deem it expedient to introduce is accepted and passed. The discussion at times was very warm, and it was determined to bind all candidates, hereafter, to the league platform, the whole platform, and nothing but the platform. We may "briefly summarise the re maining planks added to the platform.. One is a demand that there shall be a, standard trades union rate of wages: paid on all Government and municipal contracts, and that sub-letting be abso lutely prohibited. Another is directed against the introduction of 'Chinese, coolie, or other undesirable alien laborers, as being detrimental to the best interests of labor, and to the social, physical, and moral well being of the whole community. Yet another affirms the urgency of making a redistribution of seats in single-member constituencies. It is further recommended that the Legislative Council be abolished and the referendum introduced in i.ts place, and that there be a prohibition of any further alienation of Crown lands, and that members of public school boards be elected by the people, on the one man one vote principle, such members to hold office for not more than three years; and lastly, that an Acc.be passed prohibiting the use of camels as beasts of burden. The purpose of this last recommendation is wholly inexplicable. Camels are employed but rarely in New South Wales, and in nearly every place their use is mainly con fined to districts where horses are unsuited to the work to be done. To prohibit the use of camels in the arid districts of the interior would be to virtually stop the work of exploration and settlement. It cannot be sup posed that any- Legislature in Aus tralia would seriously consider so extraordinary a proposal. Several other motions were dealt with, but after lengthy debates were set aside. The main purpose of the conference, that of welding the labor members into a politically homogeneous body was not, however, attained. The most important item of news in the Ballarat mining world for the past week is, perhaps, the discovery in the Parker’s United mine, at Egerton. The lode, to strike which the 700 feet level was put in, has been met with, and pierced to the extent of 8 feet without any sign of a footwall. In breaking out the stone, gold has been seen. The reef is a solid one, and should it prove •payable there is evi dently a large quantity of it to work. The result of the first crushing from the lode will be awaited by share holders with some anxiety. On the strength of the discovery of gold shares advanced on Saturday. The striking of the reef had caused a demand to set in for them earlier in the week, but not at any great improvement on old rates. On Saturday they opened with sales at Is 4d, sold freely at up to Is lOd, and at closing time had unsatisfied buyers at the latter figure. Up to the pre sent no gold has been seen in breaking out the quartz from the lode met with in the Black Horse and Egerton Ex tension mine, but a good prospect has been panned off. The reef is 17 feet through, and solid. Shares changed hands freely during the week at up to Is 3id, buyers offering the same when the market closed on Saturday. Berry No. 1 were in good de mand, owing to an improvement in the character of the wash, which is shown by the increased yield—ls 2 oz 18 dwt. The stock sold freely at up to 28s, but eased somewhat, and on Saturday were quitted at down to 255, a small parcel of 10 shares—which cannot be taken as indicating the true market value—selling down to 225. New Kohinoors had extensive trans actions during the early part of the week, but were not dealt in to such an extent towards the close, probably owing to attention being diverted to other stocks. The stone in the north drive at the 1080 feet level is more promising than ever in appear ance, and at the Sir Henry Loch end. the same favorable signs are apparent. Shares sold freely at up to 2s Bd, but on Saturday the best price obtained was 2s 4Jd. Hepbnrn Estate engaged a fair amount of attention, reaching 5s Sd, receding to 5s 2d, and again advancing to 5s sd, at which they closed firm. The yield—6o oz 4 dwt—is an advance of 10 oz upon the previous week’s. The Black Horse United, which have not been much dealt in during the week, are to the fore again with the excellent return of 516 oz from 960 tons quartz and 7£ tons pyrites. The Speedwell Company have also had the splendid yield of 328 oz 15 dwt—an advance of 70 oz upon their previous re turn. The New Victoria United Com pany also announce an amount of amalgam that should yield about \ oz to the ton. - In the Lock’s United (Maldon) 28 tons of quartz gave the splendid return of 80 oz of amalgam from the ripples and boxes alone, with out treating the sand. The Sir Henry Loch has had a satisfactory yield, and the mine looks as well as usual. Sales took place during the week at 20s and 20s 6d, but closed a shade easier, with sellers at £l. The New Normanby return is in advance of previous ones, and is a very payable one—l6o oz 13 dwt from 360 tons. The Star of the East mine continues to turn out excellent quartz, and the mine presents the same satisfactory appear ance. The Temperance Company have gained 52 oz 8 dwt 12 gr from 108 tons—nearly £ oz to the ton. There is a very large body of stone to work, and extra battery power is being arranged for to work it. With 2000 feet along the course of the reef, and 130 feet of backs, the stampers should be kept busy for some time. Taken all round the news from-the mines is of a very gratifying nature. The yields are higher than they have been for some time past, and from the Central, Plateau, Egerton, Gay Star, Last Chance United, North Prince Regent, Prince of Wales and Bonshaw, Prince Regent, South Woah Hawp, and United Albions (Steiglitz), comes news of improving prospects. The market, too, appears to be becom ing livelier, and altogether prospects are healthy. During the week the fol lowing dividends were declared:—Berry Consols, 2s; Working Miners, 6d; Eastern Star, 3d; Try Again, Is. Election mutter*. generally are quiet. Names ure mentioned ns coining candidates —many for the fun of the thing, others simply that their names may bo mentioned, but with an intention of entering the lists. Would -be candidates are holding off, watch ing the Ministry, and what Ministers decide upon lining, and the possibility of other combinations before committing themselves. A municipal advertisement appears in auothcc column which greatly interests rate payers. It’s meaning is - that if rates are not paid within six months of being due, the council may charge interest at the rate of 6 per cent., starting from due dale. This applies to ratepayers who postpone payment: of their rates until June, and then only for . the purpose of securing their vote. This: practice causes .great inconvenience to the council because the rates are not collected •equally over the-yean; in the first quarter of the financial year, at the time when demands are heavy, whereas after June there is an unnecessary amount of funds lor the time being. Under the new schedule the council has only to order legal proceedings at shorter dates than usual, to enable the charge -for interest being made. Thus the intention of the new law is to facilitate the more regular payment of rates. A difficulty presented itself when the application of G. O. Duncan for a lease of 188 acres for the Eastern Plateau Company was called on at the Warden’s Court on Saturday. The hearing of the application commenced on 23rd January., before Mr O’Meara, p.M.,, when n quantity of evidence was taken. Mr Foster, -P. M., remarked that he could not accept the written evide.nc before him, and it would therefore be necessary to commence at the -beginning, and as Ids appointment was not yet per manent be might not be able to complete the enquiry, and the same difficulty would again occur. Under these circumstances, Messrs Nevett and Mann strongly protested against the enquiry being re-opened, and at their rrquent the presiding magistrate-consented to adjourn the case and write to the Minister of Justice, detailing the facts, and asking him to arrange for Mr-O'Meara to return to Ballarat to complete the enquiry. The Ballarat Mining Board will hold its monthly meeting at the board-room to day. Considerable excitement was occasioned in the vicinity of the Rookery Pond gardens yesterday. A mob of cattle were being driven from the cattle yards to the slaughter yard of Messrs Heinz Bros., when one of them suddenly left the herd and attacked one of the drovers named Christopher Heintz, who was leading his horse by the reins. The auimal horned Heintz, and threw him over a three- railed fence into the settlement of the Salvation Army. The young fellow, who, fortunately, was not much hurt, seeing the bullock jumping the fence after him, managed to scramble over on to the safe side just in time to escape a second charge. The infuriated beast cut up very roughly in the reserve, and greatly frightened the inmates of the “ Home.” Meantime Mr Heintz mounted his horse and galloped to the nearest house, from where he borrowed a gun. He then returned to the scene of the occurrence, and stealthily climbing a tree shot the dangerous beast. The adjourned monthly meeting of the Hungareeshire Council will be held to-day, at the Shire Hall, Leigh Creek. During the course of an able sermon at St. John’s Church of England yesterday morn ing, the Rev. Canon Mercer said that in his opinion the membeis of the choir occupied a position analogous to that of the clergyman. The pastor led the prayers, while the choristers led the praises. The minister pro fessed Christianity, lived, os it were, in a glass house, and was criticised in all his actions; if the singers were not prepared to do and be the same, all their labors, all their anthems, all their psalm singing, and nil their chanting was worse than use less. In referring to the annual report, copies of which had been distributed amongst the congregation, the canon spoke in eulogistic terms of the sturdy band of workers who had at all times, and under all circumstances, nobly assisted him. The committee, be said, had put all their shrewdness and financial experience into 'everything undertaken by them, and they were worthy of grateful acknow ledgment, In concluding bis sermon the rev. gentleman feelingly referred to bis proposed retirement from bis pastoral duties. He bad, be said, decided to do so, after much prayer and earnest con sideration, and he believed that in resigning be was simply doing bis duty tn God. It is to be hoped that some arrangemeut may he made by which this extended and deservedly popular preacher may be kept in touch with the church, because his retirement from public life would not only be a calamity tn the palish in particular, but a loss to the community generally. There wax a very large attendance yester day afternoon at the lake and gardens. The 3rd Regiment band played a number of selections of sacred music on the lawn in excellent style, under the leadership of Mr Gray, bandmaster. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society held their monthly meeting on Saturday morning at Craig’s hotel, when there were present Messrs G. G. Mi-rton (pr-sident), Bith, M’Cubbin, Anderson, Monorii-ff, Br zennr, J. Baird, Galloway', Troup, Mitchell, Innes, Austin, Fisher, Gunn, M’lntosh, Snowball, Swan, Fraser, Jopling, Kent, D.algloish, Westwood, and Vaughan. An apology was received from Captain Bridges. The Department of Agri culture wrote asking the society to furn-sh samples of cereals and other seeds for the Colonial Institute. It was resolved that Mr George Smith be requested to furnish the samples desired, A circular wax received from the farmers and graziers of Gippsland, requesting co-operation in regard to the stock tax so far as cattle imported from New South Wales were concerned. No action was taken. The secretary reported that the Government grant of £484 for the National Show had been paid into the bank. The amount of the Government grant-in-aid due to the society for 1891 was £ll7l 15r. The subscriptions for the year had amounted to £752 3s and the private donations to £7BB 19r, making a total of £1541 2s, which was considered very satisfactory. The amount received from Messrs Goldsbrough, Mort, and Cos: for tire scoured and greasy fleeo-s shorn off merino rams at tire lust sheep show was £l3 oslo 1. It was decided to send a letter of thanks to the firm for the trouble taken.' The following donations were received; Messrs Martin and Grose, £2 2-; Hon. D. S. Wallace, M.L.C., per Maclend and Booth, £5 ss; Sir William Clarke, Bart., £7O; T. Harding, per D.- Gunn, £2; the Massey Manufacturing Company, special prize, £52 10*; William Peters, Glenloth, special priz-, £10; G. Madden, Batesford, £3 3>; City Council, £5O; Town Council, £10; J. W. Gray and Cos., £1 Is; J. R. Jopling, £1 Is; Mr Lynn«, per the president, £l. Tire action of Mr G. Smith, vice president, in granting the use of the yards for the rail way picnic was approved of, on condition that they be responsible for any damage. It was stated that there would be about 5000 railway employes present, ami that they bod decided to erect a jetty near the show grounds. Accounts amounting to £3O were passed for payment. Some other routine business was transacted and the committee adjourned. Another case nf typhoid fever was ad mitted to the Hospital yesterday, the patient being a lad whose parents reside in Humffray street, Ballarat East. The fifth event for the Bath trophy wax 8 tiled off on Saturday at Lake Wendouree, The following boats took up their moorings: —Viola, Darlie Bay, Reporter, and Flying A nice south-easterly breeze was blowing, and a gnod race resulted. The Viola hell the leading position all the way, and finished a miunte and 25 seconds before the Gem, whose time allowance, however, gave her the race by five seconds. The Dirlie Bay was third. Towards the close of the race the R-porter came to grief and xunk. Mr Downie officiated as starter and judge, and Mr C. Hnlthouae as umpire. Pro tests were entered by the Scud against the Viola, by the Viola against the Gem mi the ground that the latter carried a professional; mid by. the Reporter against the G-m for a foul. These will be considered by the com mittee at a meeting to he held during the week. The points in the competition at present standi—Viola, 14; Scud, 13; Gem, 7; Darlie. Bay, 5; Reporter, 4. Ihn fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee will be held at the board room to-night, nt 8 o’clock. A curious system of forestry is prevailing in this district. In the Grenville forest the boughs that were lopped off in thinning out are waiting for a chance match to be cast into one »f them in order to cause a disas trous bush-fire. The police have drawn attention tn the matter on several occasions, but so far. their communications have been treated with cool contempt by the Forestry Department. Last year the landholders in the neighborhood suffered great loss through a fire caused by similar supineuess. It would be interesting to know whether, in the event of a fire occurring this year, the department could not be held liable for any damage. Should a fire occur this year the question will probably be tested. Professor Horwood, lecturer nt the local School of Mines, when going yachting on Saturday evening, left his coat and vest in an unoccupied house next to Fry’s flour mills, near Like Wendouree, On returning, he discovered that both articles had been stolen.- In one of the coat pockets was a note-book, containing a quantity and other documents, while his watch chain were in the waistcoat. The P r °£ s *" r values the ne.weller.y and documents at 6LVS. The matter has ‘been reported to the P olloe > but up to last night no arrests had been made. A-cablegram in Thursday's Star alludes to charges of gross cruelty to their men on Mte part B of some German officers. Ihe follow fog quotation from a pamphlet, ‘A cry from 1 ill-treated soldiers of tho German nation,” published in the United Service ■Gazelle, will be read with interest, it >s written by a Captain Muller, late of I >® Wurtemburg army:— Captain Muller declares that soldiers in -Germany are treated with a brutality that is almost ■in conceivable. Here are a few of the facts, for the authenticity of which Captain Muller declares that he is ready to vouch to the utmost:;—‘A first lieutenant of the I-oth Army Service Battalion at Strassburg ordered one of his men to get into a dung barrow. Private Klippert was forced to take a horse’s bit in his mouth and to hark like a dog. The lieutenant dragged the bit back wards and forwards in his mouth. Klippert was, besides this, so badly treated that he has become a confirmed idiot. Captain Mehlhorn’sfof the same battalion) language is too bad to be repeated. He was in the habit of beating his men with his sword, so that often they could not help shedding tears. This man ultimately went mad. Color-Ser geant Wodthe, of the 3rd Guard Uhlan Regiment, ordered all of his men to spit in a Uhlan’s face, because he appeared somewhat late. They all did so except one, who re fused, and for this was spat in the face by the remaining men, at Wodthe’s orders. An anonymous letter brought about this man s punishment.’ The habit of striking privates over the head with swords and sticks and ramrods, according to Captain Muller, pre vails to an extent not to be believed outside Germany.” Messrs Stalker, Archer, M’Naught and Hunter, J’s.P., attended at the City Police Court on Saturday. An inebriate was fined 10s in default three days’ imprisonment, and Robert Gooby was fined'la with 10s damages for breaking a pane of glass. The members of the Parliamentary stand ing committee on railways, who, during the latter part of last week, took evidence con cerning, and made inspections of the rou’es of the proposed extensions in the Beeac and Camperdowu districts, returned to Bd larat by the evening train on Saturday, and, after having taken refreshments, proceeded to Melbourne. In connection with the forthcoming Fire Brigades’ Demonstration, to be held at Bal larat on the Sth, 9th, ami 10th of March, the following teams have been chosen to repre sent the City Brigade: Hoso Eights, Y Coupling, and Hose and Ladder Events— Messrs G. Lovitt, E. Parry, G. Williams, W. Mason, W. Daw, J. Mathieaon, R Waller, and T. Holden. R-presentativo Four—Messrs G. Lovitt, E. Parry, G. Williams, and W. Daw. Six Men and Alarm and Disabled—Messrs J. Shaw, J. Chinnery, A. Kingsley, W. Johnson, J. Trembath, and J. Rowsell. Mr G. G. Morton, president of the Bal larat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, was present at the meeting on Saturday for the first time since his recent severe illness. Mr Morton was heartily welcomed by the mem bers of the committee, who expressed their pleasure at seeing him once more with them. The annual assembly of the United Metho dist Free churches of Victoria will be held during the present week. Services were held yesterday at the South street and Peel street churches, which were attended by large congregations. At South street the Rev, J. Barton, president, preached in the morning, and the Rev. J. L. Green in the evening, while the Rev. J. L. Green occupied the pulpit in the morning at Peel street, and the Rev. J. Barton in the evening. To night a “ love feast” will be held, conducted by the Rev. J. Ross, and the assembly will commence its sittings to-morrow morning at 10 o’cl-ck. Our Buninyong correspondent, writing yesterday, says:—“ It is not often that one hears of such a kindly, thoughtful action as has just come to light in our town—an action all the more pleasing because of the purely Christian feeling which prompted it, and also of the pleasure given to a lady who has passed through a season of sore trouble. Mrs Geer, the wife of the vicar of Bunin ymig, has for some time been suffering from severe illness; just when she became con valescent and her friends trusted that she would be restored to her usual state of health, her eldest son was stricken with diptheria; as a result maternal anxiety and distant nursing considerably retarded Mrs Geer’s own recovery. Yesterday a package was received by Mrs Geer with an enclosure of £l2, and a letter, of which the following is a copy;—‘To Mrs Geer. From a few of the ladies of Holy Trinity Church, Bunin yong, who desire that the enclosed token may contribute to a few weeks at the sen sole; which, by God’s blessing, may be the means of sp -cdily restoring her to wonted health and usefulness.’ The ladies, whoever they may be, may have the satisfaction of knowing that their sympathetic action is greatly appreciated by both Mr and Mrs Geer. ’’ S >rah Rischmuller, a woman well-known to tho police, was arrested on Saturday uight in Main street by Constable M’Pher son on charges of insulting behavior and using obscene language. At the Buninyong Police Court on Friday the following cases were dealt with by Messrs A. C. Davies and J. A. Wilson, J’s.P.:— Dr Longden v Bryan Ryan, for medical ser vices rendered in 1S88; verdict for amount, £2 2s, and £1 6s coats. Mary Cameron vP. B'iilautyue, trespass rates on 9 head of cattle; verdict for amount claimed, £3 12s. Two debt cases were settled out of court. The Revision Court was ndj mrued till the 19 Mi inst., at 3 p.m. .The Town bench was occupied on Satur day morning by Messrs Robertson and O'Day, J’s P. Mary Jane Power was charged with stealing various articles, value 12s 6d, the property of Maggie Williams. As the theft appeared to have been com mitted while the prisoner was under the influence of liquor she was let off with a sentence of three days’ imprisonment. Divid Casson, charged with tho larceny as a bailee of a horse value £5, the property of Mr C. Lodbrook, was remanded for a week. Charles Perry, charged with vagrancy, was discharged. Thomas Todd was remanded for a week on a charge of drunkenness; and Henry Doherty, on remand on a similar charge, wua discharged. A lad named Daniel Walker, 14 years of age, was thrown off a horse which he was exercising at Dowling Forest on Saturday, and had one of his arms broken in two places. He was brought into Ballarat and admitted to the Hospital. Constable O’Donnell had a pretty lively time in Porter street last evening when arresting a man on a charge of drunkenness. The prisoner fought most violently, and it was only when the assistance of Constablea Barrett, Gardiner, and Dunn was called into requisition that he could be conveyed to the wnlchhouse. He was exercised during the journey in “ the frog's march.” On arrival at the cells he refused to give his name. An extra charge of assaulting Constable O'Donnell was entered against him. • There was a very large attendance at the people'll meeting on Saturday night, when the Darkly street B ind of Hope and Elocu tion class provided a varied programme. The following contributed items:—Misses Thomas, Williams, Etchell, Newell, E. Thomas, Lngg, and Hocking, and Messrs West and Thomas. The Rev. A. Rogers gave an address on total abstinence, which was attentive)}’ listened to. According to the statements made by several residents of Ross’ Creek, says our Sebastopol correspondent, amateur bush ranging is being indulged in at the vicinity named. It is alleged by a well-known resi dent that whilst he was proceeding home ward the other night he was bailed np by two men who ordered him to surrender. He replied by striking one of the men with a bottle, which knocked him down. The other made off, and their intended victim pro ceeded home. It is, however, alleged by several others that they have been interfered with, and it would be well to ascertain if the practice complained of is indu'ged in. The following accident cases were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—Elsie Dimont, 6 years of age, whose parents reside in Lyons Street, suffering from severe bmis-s mi the shoulder.oaused by a fall; and John Sullivan a young man living in Humff. ay street, who suffered from a severe sprain of the right ankle. “ We have received the report of the General Laborers’ Union of Australia for the past year. The report is a very long one dealing in a great measure with the stirring events of the year, and indicating the recog. nition of the costliness, and, in the face of capitalistic combination, - uselessness of \- mid the necessity of- directing their efforts to the ballot box-for the reforms they aspired to carry. The report is to he sub mitted to the annual conference to be held at Sydney during the present month. A correspondent writes;:—“lt appears to be pretty certain that Mr E. Murphy M.P., will haven walk over for Waneuheip! The Gordon Advertiser■ has suggested the holding of complimentary, meetings, at which expressions of approval and confidence will be passed. The farmers op Millbror.k have acted on the suggestimi, nndm meetinu will beheld towards the end of next week. Messrs D. Brophy, J-P., and Chas. Walker have been appointed sworn valul ators under the provisions of the Transfer of Land Act, 1890: \- A meeting of ratepiyers in the south ward will be held to-night in the Debating So ciety’s Hail, South street, at 8 o'clock, to di-cuss the proposal of the City Council to float a loan of £l2’.ooo s nr over. The mem bers of the council for the ward in Ballarat (Crs Cooke and Bell)-will attend and address the meeting. We understand that Mr M. C. Donnelly Ims sent a cablegram, stating that he has successfully floated the Hbpetoun Nos. 2 and 3 Cos., Smeaton, on the London market. The first term for the current year in con nection with the University classes of The School of Mines commences to-day. Morning class assembles at 9 : 30.;: afternoon class at 2 30.; evening class at? o’clock. Mr J-din Lynch, sen., has been gazetted a member of theßdlarat Prospecting Board, to represent the Government on that body. The annual excursion to Melbourne under the auspices of the Ballarat Ironworkers’ Association takes place on Friday, Hth March. Tickets will be available for re turn for 21 days. Tho usual programme of visits to places of interest will be supplied, with several additions. Full particulars will be published in due course. To-night Dr Maloney, M.L.A., of Mel bourne, will deliver an address at the Trades’ Hall, at S o'clock,.on “P ditics and people.” The meeting will be under the auspices of the Political Progressive L-ague in Ballarat. Y‘-ndon has been constituted a polling place for the forthcoming election for the Ballarat Mining Board. Messrs A. Kay, R. Nionl, and D. King have been appointed managers of the Morri sons goldfield common. . The following vacancies have been notified by the Education Department : Head teachers—Class 4, Mitcham and Dirnum; class 5, Dimbnnliv East, Bunker’s Hill (near Ballarat), Green’s Creek (near Sfawell), Jones’ Creek (near Tarnagnlla), Fyansford, Wellington road (near Oakleigh), Bobo East (near Violet. Town), and Lab Arum (near Horsham). First female assistant, 2nd class, South Melbourne (No. 1233). Female junior assistants—Auburn, North Fitzroy, and Footscray. A dastardly act was (writes the corres pondent of the Creswick Advertiser) per petrated at the Kingston Railway Station on Tuesday night, when some miscreant ripped open a great number of bags containing peas and oats, the property of Messrs J. Parkin and W. Marwood, and allowed the contents to run all over the goods platform. The act appears to have been more par ticularly aimed at Mr Parkins, for precisely the same scandalous work was done in his paddock, avhere the threshing machine was at work; and a lot of cattle were also turned into another paddock where stocks were still standing. Altogether about 70 bags were thus treated. It appears that some of the banks in Melbourne are prepared to assist the Metro politan Board of Works to make a start with the sewerage works. They are willing to advance £250,000 at 4 per cent, on the understanding that it is not swallowed up in one large contract. The Huntly council has arranged to send 10,000,000 gallons of avater down the Bendigo Creek to relieve the water famine at Goor noug. More light (says the Melbourne corre spondent of tlie Geelong Advertiser) is to be thrown on the political arena. The hand some exterior of the halls of the legislature are to he made fully available for inspection by night as av.ell as by day. The tender let yesterday at a cost of £2OOO odd provides for 14 highly ornate lamps 14 feet ? inches high. Tim centre globe avill be illuminated with an arc electric light, and the two branches avith gas. The portico avill be rendered bril liant with five magnificent pendant lamps, while the beauty of the marble balustrades ■•f the staircase of the interior avill b» en hanced avith four other elegant lamps. Now if the itleas of lion, members were ouly to sliine'out with corresponding beauty, bril liancy, and clearness, the money spent in providing so much architectural magni ficence for their comfort would not be be grudged. The Minister of Customs is very much dis satisfied with the decision of the magistrates who heard the charge against the Foster Breavery Company of iuf'iiiging the Trade Marks Act 1890. He considers that the de cision was against the evidence and intends to appeal to the Supreme Court. The Standard informs its readers that the writ issued by tho City Nsavspaper Com pany for recovery of £lOO,OOO for alleged bresoll of agreement in the direction of amalgamation lias been unconditionally withdrawn, and the judge will be requested to strike the case out of the list. The Government of West Australia ie (aaye the Sydney Telegraph) in a position at once pleasant anil ini-que. It is without an Opposition. Mr Parker, who occupies the post of leader of the “ Outs,” disclaims being tbs head of the Opposition, on the ground that be ami bis friends only sit on the Opposition- benches because there is no room for them on the Government side of the House. The situation is anomalous, for though the colony noav enjoys a constitution, the Government, without the criticism and antagonism of an Opposition, is scarcely constitutional. But the political situation in the sister colony is us yet in the chrysalis stage, and it avill, doubtless, speedily de velop all its essential parts. An Opposition is of quick and ardent growth, and the present single-mindedness of the politicians of West Australia avill suffer cleavage soon enough avhen questions arise capable of being regarded from two Afferent points of view, as all questions are. For the present Sir John Forre-*t remains a semi-eonstitn tinnal autocrat, the envy of all Australian Premiers. The Mnnnta mines directors have ac cepted the Railway Commissioners’ terms in respect to the railway accommodation, and the directors instructed the mining manager to re- open the mine, and take on the miners. The strike avhich has proved a disastrous one for the men, is thus at an end. Market notices, the Stock Tax, General Cable News the Fruit Trade Exports, Depression in Queensland, and letters to the editor are published in our first pave. An abstract ( f accounts of the managers of the United Goldfields Common of Linton, &c;,, is pub lished elsewhere. The directors’ report and financial statement of the Mercantile Bank of An-tralia, Limited, are published in our advertising columns. A-iueetiug will be held at the Stag hotel, Lear month, on Saturday, 13th inst., at 8, to form a coni' hination football club for the ensuing aeasun._ “Full paiticutars of the Combined Presbyterian Sun day Schools Excursion to Queeuscl £t on Friday next avill be found iu our advertising columns. Tickets are now in the-hands of various business men throughout the City and Town; they are available for seven days. The steamer Hygeia will run to and foul Sorrento on the day of the excursion. The weekly returns of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum and Lying-in Hospital show:— Numbers re maining in the Asylum by last return—. Males, females, 65; children, 3. Admitted during the week Males, 3; females, 1; children, 1. hiiohargeu duri-'g the week—Males, 3, died, 1; females. 2; child’ ren, I. Remaining in the" Asylum—Males, - u i’ females, 64; children, 3; total, 274 Number of®’"' door recipients relieved during the week— Adult-, 444; children, 233; total, 082; total of all. 956. rary medical officer for tho ensuing week, Ur Jlitcheu. Or Gutbeil, oculist. 