GENERAL NEWS. We regret to have to announce the death of Mr W S Dempster, of Buck- lands, near Northam, who died suddenly at his residence on Monday night last, from heart disease. The deceased gentleman was much respected and his sudden and unexpected death has cast a gloom over the whole of the district. He leaves a wife and five children to mourn their loss. The funeral took place on Wednesday and was very numerously and influentially attended. A child belonging to a farm labourer named Bishop, residing near the Mackie Bridge, broke its arm a few days ago through falling from a tree. —————— It is understood that the well-known race horse, Wandering Willie, will be shipped to the Eastern Colonies im- mediately after the Albany meeting. On Saturday evening next Professor Gibson will deliver an open-air lecture in York, taking for his subject " Health, and how to preserve and restore it by the use of herbs and water.' In the series of cricket matches which were played at Perth and Fremantle last week by a team representing the Eastern Districts, the visitors were un successful, not scoring a victory in any instance. A very old and respected resident of this township—Mr. H. Davey—died yesterday at the age of 77 years. The funeral will take place at 5 o'clock this afternoon. As announced elsewhere Bella Sutherland's Vital Spark Combination will appear in the Oddfellows' Hall in this town on Monday and Tuesday, the 8th and 9th proximo. We are asked to draw the attention of the public to the fact that Messrs J H Monger & Co.'s 2nd half-yearly clearance sale commences on Monday next, the 1st proximo, fuller particulars of which appear elsewhere in this issue. A gold discovery has been made within 5 miles of York by a party of residents who were out prospecting the locality. A quantity of the stone pro- cured from this new find has been crushed and a few specks of gold were visible to the naked eye. Something like twenty or thirty teams have left this town for the Yil- garn goldfields during the week laden with machinery, general supplies, and horse fodder. The demand at present for teams is very great as there are tons of goods lying here awaiting transit. The weather during the past week has been intensely hot., and greatly in creased by the numerous bush-fires which have surrounded this township. There is a deal of sickness about, con sisting principally of whooping cough and opthalmia Thebe has been a clean sheet at the Police Court this week, not one single case having occupied the attention of the Eench. Whether this state of affairs can he attributed to the dullness of the times cr the advent of the Sal vation Army we leave it to our readers to decide. The special train which ran from this town to the Perth races on Tuesday last was but poorly patronised, no doubt owing to insufficient publicity, as the time-table only appeared in print a day or two before the meeting took place. The raffle of Messrs. Fletcher & Buck's racemare " Hurunui " took place at the " King's Head " hotel 011 Wed nesday evening last, the successful throwo1* being Mr. Joseph Toomev. A large number nf persons witnessed the proceedings. Under the heading of u Long Lost Relatives " the following notice appears in the last number to hand of Lloyd's Weekly London Newspaper : William Bates left White-cross, London, in 1858, and sailed in the Susan for West Australia. A near relative inquires. We are requested to draw attention to a notice in another column stating that a aennon will be preached in Holy Trinity Church on Sunday evening next bv the Rev. E Williams, Rural Dean, on the question : " Are you saved ?" As the question seems a very popular one just now wf have no doubt hut that there will be a large congregation to hear what the rev. gentleman has to say on the matter. A War Cry colt belonging to Mr W L Hoops died the other day. We regret to state that latest tele grams from Melbourne convey the sad intelligence that the Hon J H Mougor is in a very dangerous condition, no hopeB being held out by his medical at tendants for his recovery. Last week Mr Monger had greatly improved, but since tben we are sorry to say, he has suffered a relapse. Mr Ernest Monger left by the mail train for Albany, en route to Melbourne, on Monday even ing last. Since the official visit to this town of the Inspector of Schools (Mr. Walton), and upon that gentleman's recommenda- tion, the Central Board of Education has granted certificates of competency as teachers to Miss Taylor and Miss Minnie Taylor, daughters of Mr. Samuel Taylor, of York, and pupils of the Misses Boyd, the two ladies in charge of the Government Girls' School, to whom it must indeed be gratifying to find their labours attended with such good results. The latest snake story to hand comes from New South Wales. A lady and her little child about 5 years old were walking in a grass paddock on Sunday afternoon, in which was grazing a favorite mare and her foal; the lady's husband was reading and smoking on the fence, not far off. The lady and child had bright red trimmings about their dresses, and suddenly the mare pricked up her ears and ran excitedly in their direction. The mother ran to pick up her child, but was not quick enough. The mare caught it by the dress and lifted it up, to the mother's horror; but when the father came up he was in time to kill a brown snake about four feet long, which was making away from the mare. Messrs Dalgety & Co. have received the following cablegram from their London office under Wednesday's date:—"Wool sales opened with mode- rate selection, large number of buyers, competition fairly animated. Prices show a decline of par to ½d. in general on average rates at last series; the de- cline is chiefly on medium qualities Queensland, The new arrivals have amounted to 300,000 bales, of which 6,500 bales have been forwarded direct to manufacturers at home and abroad leavir g 89,000 available for sale. Pri vate sale close of past series have amounted to 87,500 bales. Our own sales will take place on 29th January, 6th February, 11th February, 15th February, and 19th February. While being harnessed to the York and Yilgarn Carrying Company's Royal mail- van on Monday evening last, at Mr. Wheeler's work-shop, one of the horses bolted off, and freeing himself from the coach galloped down Avon Terrace. Before having proceed- ed far the animal by some means or other became entangled with the har ness, the result being that it turned almost a complete somersault, cutting its knees to the bone. This was only a temporary stoppage, for upon regaining its footing the auimal at a terrific pace continued its maddening career to the "Imperial Hotel" where it came in contact with a trolly belonging to a carrier named Brand. One of the shafts penetrated the poor brute's chest, causing blood to flow profusely. The in- juries received proved of a fatal nature, as the horse only struggled for a few minutes. Shortly after the above acci- dent the townspeople, or rather those residing in and about the centre, witnes- sed another runaway. Upon enquiry being made it was found that a horse driven by Mr F C Monger became res- tive at the Railway Station, and almost uncontrollable. The carriage was brought into contact with a fence, where- upon the horse commenced kicking, doing considerable damage to the buggy, but fortunately Mr Monger and his brother escaped without Injury. The horse broke away from the vehicle and galloped off through the principal street, but was brought to a standstill at Messrs Edwards' store. A correspondent over the nome de plume of "Well-wisher" contributes the following :—I am more than pleased to see the vast amount of good being effected even in this small hamlet by the untiring efforts of the Salvation Army contingent. Their meetings are invariably numerously attended and amongst those present nightly are youths who in the past have almost as often frequented the bars and billiard rooms of the hotels. The two officers of the Army have accomplished much good in this direction, and I sincerely hope that my fellow citizens will do all in their power to assist in the good work before them. Says Thursday's Daily News.—The last reports from the quarantine station at Carnac are of a satisfactory nature as regards the case of the coloured seaman of the schooner E. and H. Avery. A fortnight has gone by since the man first developed the symptoms of the disease and there is a marked improvement already. A vaccinated nurse from the shore is attending him, and who seems to have taken good care of his patient. The man's sufferings on board the Annie Lisle have not been so "bad as these which accompanied the former fatal case. Of course the patient has had more care taken of him than the other man was able to procure. Dr. Hope, the colonial surgeon, advises that two tents should be erected on land and both patient and attendant be removed on shore, as the heat in the hulk is so intense. This advice will probably be acted upon at once. The men on board are all reported to be in good health, and if all goes on as well as it ib now the vessel will probably be granted pratique next week. The Australasian Miller, of Decem- ber 15, contains the following reference to the erection of the Roller Flour Mill in this town by Messrs. Thorn & Co:— "On a recent visit to Mr. O. Schu- macher's branch works, Kilkenny, South Australia, we were greatly interested in two machines shown us by the manager, Mr. M'Kell. They are two of Gellert's Patent Combined Scalpers and Flour Dressers, which have been built by Mr. Schumacher for Messrs. Thorn, Bower, and Stewart's new mill at York, Western Australia. Each machine has two reels, one inside the other ; and for compact- ness and strength of build, and beauty of finish, will be very difficult to beat. The advantages claimed for these machines are saving of power, space and silk, whilst at the same time they have greater capacity, and are guaran- teed to do better work than any other machine of the same size in the market. They have passed very successfully through the experimental stage, and have for some time been daily at work in the Adelaide Milling Co.'s and Messrs. John Dunn and Co.'s Port Adelaide Mills." 