GENERAL NEWS. Fiux and Firewood.—The amount of flux and firewood sent away from the Mount Barker railway-station last -week'waS:— Ironstone and marble flux, 150 tons'; fire- wood, 23 tons. "Farming among the Hills"--This is the title of a lecture which Professor Lowrie, of the Boseworthy Agricultural College, is announced to give in the Woodside Institute ball on Saturday evening. The Professor has kindly assented.to the wish expressed by the. Woodside Agricultural. Bureau, and he will no doubt have mueh of an -interesting and inBtrnctive nature to say. Farmers in the Qnkapairinga district should make a point of attending this lecture by the South Australian Professor of Agriculture. Strathalbyn Show.—The first of the triplet of sonthern agricultural shows will be held at Strathalbyn on Thursday, 25th iast. Last year exhibits were plentiful and-the attendance good, and Mr. W. D. Stephenson anticipates a still more successful exhibition in connection with his society on the present occasion. Special trains will be rnn to Strathalbyn on Thursday from Adelaide, and intermediate stations and on the lines farther soath. Entries for livestook close-on Monday evening and general entries at 10 a.m. on the day of the show. Not Claimed.—Letters addressed to the undermentioned persons are lying at the G-.P.O., Adelaide:—Mr. Allbones, Mount Lofty; Pr. F. Burkett, G-amerscha; W. S. Carlyon, Florence Annie, Goolwa; Miss Clark, TTraidla Hotel; Henry Flatman, Clarendon; O. L. Gilbert, Mount Barker; George Grundison, Goolwa; J. Holnesa, Mount Barker; J. Houlihan, jun., Strath albyn ; Henry Johnston, Mount Barker; Mrs. Thomas Jones, Strathalbyn; Master Donnie McDonald, c/o Miss E. M. Bain, Strathalbyn O. F. Steffena, Hahndorf; Q-. H. Whitehead. Goolwa; and Charles Wvnd ham, s.s. Ernie, Goolwa. Bushfire near Woodside.—A bushfire broke out on Sunday morning in Vernon Park, about two miles from Woodside (the property of the late Mr. John. Martin) and spread with great rapidity in the . scrub land, the hot, dry atmosphere favoring its extension. A. large number of volunteers at once turned out and, aided by a change of wind,"managed to confine the fire to the sorub. On Monday the fire kept extending southwards, but the .workers did not cease their efforts and pre vented much damage being done.. Having got a good hold of the: heavy timber the fire will lake a long time to burn out,, but.so far very little damage has been done, with. the exception of some fencing being destroyed. A Dying Man in a Boat.—On Wednes- day,10th inst., Morris Higgins, a middle- aged man, was found by. the police in a dying state in a boat hear Glen Lossie Station, Murray Bridge. He had quite recently come ont of the Adelaide Hospital and stated that he originally came from New South Wales and after leaving the hospital joined his boat again at Mannum. He had drifted down the river slowly until his boat was caught in some willows at Glen Lossie Station. He was brought to Murray Bridge by M.C. Birt and was examined .by Dr. Gibb, who ordered his immediate removal to the Adelaide Hospital, which was done by the local police. Higgins's two boats, rations, and other property are now in the hands of the. police. A Milang Artist.—It is with pleasure that we note the existence of artistic talent, anywhere.in the province, but when it is of a local character the satisfaction is enhanced. : Mr. Edwin Landseer, of Milang, a son of Mr. A. H. Landseer, M.P., has succeeded in putting some exoellent work into a painting which he has reoently executed. The work, representing a female bust, shows some exceedingly delicate touches combined with a good idea of shading, which is well carried out. Altogether the painting reflects much credit on the young artist, whose work gives promise of better things in the fixture. The famous Sir Edwin Landseer was a first cousin of the junior member for Mount Barker, whose son is now displaying the artistic taste to be expected in a namesake of the great painter. . Compensation Wanted.—An influential deputation waited upon the Acting Com- missioner of Crown Lands.(Hon. W. Copley) on Tuesday with reference.to the road leading from Crafers into Waverley and Upper Sturt.. Dr. J. A. Cockbnrn, M.P., introduced the deputation, which consisted of members of the Stirling District Council (Crs. W. H. Milford, J. Marchant, and P. Flannagan and Mr. T. Whibley, the clerk), the Hon. F. E. H. W. KriohaufF, M.LU^.Jffon. A. A. Eirkpotrick, M.L.C., Mr. A. H. Landseer, M.P.,and Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, M.P. A good case was made out by the speakers, who. urged that the Government should take steps to restore the road in question to its proper' width and reimburse the council for.the law oosts they had had to'- pay, amounting ,&o; £122. Various phases of the matter were discussed, and in reply the Commissioner promised that they would all be taken into consideration. Not Lost but Gone into Service.— Last Saturday's Register contained the fol- lowing paragraph :—" Our Uraidla corre- spondent, -writing on February 18, .says:— ' May Scott, about 14 years of age, a daughter of Mrs. Scott, of Carey's Gully, has been missing since last Tuesday. The mother and, relations in this .district made enquiries of, their relatives near. Adelaide at once, but no news conld be got of her. The; Uraidla trooper was then' informed of the circum- stanee and communicated with the Adelaide pohce. Nothing has been heard of her up to this evening* Weare informed by .thepolice that theybave* not heard anything of the missing girl.*1 ; On - the day - the-, girl. was reported as misting she turned up at 'Mount Barker,- havihg'walked from Carey's Gully with the determination to seek a situation here as servant. - Slieobtomodanengago ment almost immediately and tinoethen has commtnriealed with' her mother. The. girl mtwA raatnn fftK iMijfifi .-Jinmo ihn riflflf oiroumrtaucesof her parent. ; SCHOLASTIC.—Prooai the Bikcafion Ghurfte for. February ■ ire' ^extaacfcStheae items:— Appointment* have beehir-Ateirtant*-—Amy S. Fenwick, Craters; Edith M.Stapledon, Strathalbyn; paid monitors—Arthur Beau mont, Bridge water; Teresa Mx3 weeny, Callington;ligtt Bogem, ITpper Start;. Barbara Smith, Aldgate YaQey; Airina Streinpd, Hahndorf; unpaid monitors— Charlotte Jarrett,Lapghorne'a Creek; Edith E. Tucker, Bogle Bargee. Among the Candida tea for pupil teaoherships are Martha Appleton, Bay Valley, and Mabel PnAi Meant Barker.': Tim reeignation'of Charlotte Meyer as .teacher of eewipgat Lobethal ie accepted. The Gazette also .. contains a classified fiat of State-schools and many other things of special internet to the scholastic profession. A new festnre is the announce ment of the births; marriage*, and deaths among the achool-teaohing fraternity. ' Hot Weather Diet.—A correspondent of the Port Pirie;.Standard offers the following suggestions with-.regard to. diet daring hot weather" To oommenee the day take/two orthree oranges,eut theminhahres/eqaeere thejaipe. Bo thia jialfahhpur before. yoa eat or drink any thing elseV "For breakfa»t,_aa a foundation, solid srheatmeel porridge, with plentiful milk and eome auger;which may be ' . sulSlooooaWithou* wSj/pr/ Attoidday ' -.yu^ji. «oa» underdoo* twt or jnntton or the same bondesiaed "into 9 rich Jtsacupful ol broth. ^ITru^-of-jail? Idnda-^ grapes, pears, Ac. — "best beforebrSsfcimst. cold water it the beet dinner drink, with Wjeocoianal (lot of beer or winefor change; in the depressing heat of smoraer the -tonic principle ofthe hop in good .-beer seems to "keep fererat bay.. If the beer -or trine be well .diluted with good gingerbeep, lemonade, or cold water.it-help* appetite and digestion and does not setup any abnormal thirst, ii Iregarde tea and coffee the less people drink jot these the better." The Australian Widows' Fund.—From "Mr. J, F. Conigrave, the resident secretary in' Adelaide -of the * Australian Widow*'- Fund lAtp Assurance Sooiety, .we hare, received the report for the.-past ye»r and jtberesjilfc of the - fourth quinquennial investigation. They form a thoroughly satisfactory' record of' progress. : During-the year ended October^! last 3658 proposes were dealt -with, amount ■ihel to£963,289'; and 2543ipolieiei, assnridjgl - ;£6t3,884, were issued. ' The accumulated | funds were increased last* year by £125,881 land are now not far abort of a million ponnds sterling,.the: exact figures being £925,000. The interest realised "daring the year wesv £53,363 und for the third year in snooesrion ' i was sufficient to pay the whole -of the- claims ' fori matured policies. The preminm rerenue * ' for the 12 months amounted to£l68,S96 and.^ the total revenue to £224,061. After snaking . reserves there is a handsome" inrplai ot £122,319, which will provide reversionary bonuses of £240,072. The figures all show a remarkable advance .upon those of previous ysire, • and : the ~ quinquennium .. tablei ^ comparison reveal a qoite startling increase in - the society's boriusqjroduoing power." Work- - ihi5bhthe eoohomieal principle, the iu- . trfflian Widows' Fond has achieved really . brilHjiiik resu^fj; .andtbe membersoftbe in munitions may bewarmly congratulated, iirliiS intendingjinsurera should be attracted ~ by tVie:ionhdniMs' and the aooeees at - this essentially Australian society. A Curiosity.—The Adelaide papers pub- lished s paragraph last week, - which .was - - copied into several other journals, in reference: to-anegg received at the Adelaide Museum from Mrs. Young, of Echunga.. Since then . Dr. ,W. Gibb, of Murray Bridge^ has. written to the Adoertiter on the.subjectAs foU "In- your iuue -of February I2you mention ; that .there is an egg in the Museum which has. a mark uponthe shell like a miniature snake iarelief, and the explanation of this appear-, aooe-ia .supposed to be due to the parent hen hiving been frightened by one of these reptiles. Physiologically this explanation is incorrect, as the formation of the shell is the last process inthe laying of an egg and. is merely a deposit. ■ of lime around the embryonic ohicki So mental impression on the part of the him can be communicated to the shell, as it .is not - the BheU whieh develops intp the likeness of the parent hen, but the unusual-appearance is more likely explained by presuming that there was sin increased' flow of lime-forming material at that particular part owing to some lesion'of the glands in the canal^ and thus an extra coating of lime was deposited, which has taken the appearance of a snake. Sad the egg hem hatched and the chiek taken the . form or a snake then we might have given the hen the benefit of the doubt as to having been alarmed daring. the formation of the shell contents." . Thus another illusion is shattered by the light of science. People dearly love a'" snake story and will be ready to say that Br. Gibb is unkind in throwing ridicule on a very plausible belief each, las this. But truth is great, and it must prevail. . Workingmen's Blocks.—Visitors to Ade- laide by the Southern Bail way 'most hare noticed the. workingmen'is ~ homesteads .at. Goodwood and tbelarge number'of Windmills"': that have been erected there to supply the i= little farms with needed water. By invitation a number of gentlemen interested' In the homesteads block system visitod Goodwood on Saturday, and the report of their viaitgjves some interesting particulars. There. are 11 blocks, each five acres in extent—an area quite sufficient for horticultural purpose!— and all of them are occupied. An excellent supply of water can be obtained at a depth of • about 40 ft., and all the blockers have wind mills, jvhich deliver the Water, into.: tanks. The water.--is conveyed " by piping down the > middle of the blo^ .and tlwpretimllated about jtbeproperty by"meansof canvas hose. ' 'fib. A. -; Baffelt, -the principal blocker; has plan ted fche j Whole ot his place kfith trees, andhii wind 'mill and irrigating apparatus cost kim 'om Another.holder haa on Ids block 130 arauge 'and lemon' trees,' 350 fruit-trees of various other kmds, and'YOQ -vines," with a' number , of luxnrifiht'tomato' beds, a flower garden, and .many' ornamental trees.: Sb keeps a 'oow, as do several other blockers. A third occupier has '600 fruit-trees, several of Which are apple-trees of considerable sizej while another blockerhas 500 fruit-trees -and ! 600 vines, and"along Vhe wind ward-tide of his block there .are the same nnmbor of pines and, ■ sugar-gams, which' serve as a breakwind. 1 The blockers have fonnct tile benefit of com bination in the purchase of windmills and other commodities,; as by thii meant, th^y not only get what they want at a cheaper pidea bnt are also allowed tiine peyment. Tho settlers appear well satisfied with the oppor tnnities afforded them. Their land b situated at the foot of the hills, which nudes a pleasant background, while the nearness to the sea-coast gives them the fall benefit of cool breezes in summer. 