FIRE IN THE HILLS, A Magnificent Sight. The hills to the south-east of Adelaide on Monday night belched forth flame and smoke like so many active volcanoes. On Sunday only a crimson glow showed high up in the horizon as darkness dropt from the wings of night, but sweeping onward and upward while the metropolis slept securely the fire at length breasted the steep ascent and mounted triumphantly over the crest of the hills, swallowing great trees before the eyes of astonished citizens. The unwonted sight attracted general attention even while the sun cheapened and dwarfed the terres- trial fire. Bnt when his rivalry had ceased and each spire of flame as- serted itself as a feature of interest many watchers were drawn out to balconies and other coigns of vantage, while every spot commanding a clear view of the brilliant scene was occupied by a little throng of gazers. The mam body of the fire, seen through a cloud of smoke, turned the valleys into dark red seas, while the contour of each spur of the intervening range was dimly outlined as a curve of cliffs breaks through an evening haze. In the track which had been traversed solitary stumps shone out through the gloom with greater or less distinctness, and the fanciful spectator had little difficulty in conjuring up the tableau displayed by the camp of the " thirty cities" on the eve of the battle of Lake Regillus, when "far over hill and valley the giant host lay spread, and with their thousand watchfires the midnight sky was red." At times it looked as though by a marvel of industry and enterprise a mighty city had sprung up on the slope of hill side. There one could descry broad thoroughfares with countless lamps gleaming through the black distance. Even the congeries qf lights which gather round the entrance of a fashionable theatre on a command night could be distinguished, while a deep glow of color marked the plentifully illumined gardens where a feast of lanterns was in progress. No theatrical limelights, no transformation scene in a high class pantomime was ever so effectively gorgeous as this rioting of the flames among the. thick timber which once clothed the gorges and eminences over which this splendid bushfire marched in devastating and unconquerable might. Very beautiful is the spectacle presented by a snow- covered mountain or by the glittering panoply of a far-stretching range of hills clad in this wintry armor. But life, color, and magnificence painted in such warm tints as those which transformed the dry brown ramparts of Adelaide into mammoth altars were incomparably more grand than any monu- ments of ice and snow however wide or lofty. Nor was the magnificence of the spectacle marred by any anxiety or alarm, for nothing but comparatively useless trees were being destroyed to provide this extensive entertain ment. Nero's callousness was not needed to enable men to fiddle or dance while acres of stringybark burned. The "baptism of fire" which Adelaide received was far nobler and infinitely lees meretricious than that to which the French Prince Imperial was so dramatically subjected. The heat of a sufficiently warm night was slightly increased a and the brightness of a half-grown moon was somewhat obscured, bnt no dearer price was paid by the citizens for an outdoor show which surpassed in variety and absolute glorionsness anything which has ever been provided by pyrotechnist or theatrical manager within the sight of an Adelaide public. Still it would not be well to attempt the reproduction of the entertainment in the future, for fires let loose in a thick forest are like giants suffering from delirium tremens, and even this one is not completely recovered from the horrors yet. After passing through several gullies and careening over a number of bills the fire entered Slape's Gully early on Monday morning, and here a most vigorous protest had to be entered against its further extension. Early on Monday morning it reached the property of Mr. W. Slape, who possesses a valuable garden. The flames were fought with great vigor by a large number of neighbors, and the plantation of valuable fruit trees was saved. Mr. Slape, however, bad a narrow escape in attempting to remove several cows. He suddenly became surrounded with fire, and it was with the utmost difficulty that he made his exit. The cows escaped, but Mr. Slape was singed. Leaving Mr. Slape's section, the flames entered that of Mr. W. Slape, and here the most determined fight was made. To the westward it was known that no great harm would be done, but the neighbors assembled to the number of 30 to prevent tbe fire extending in the direction of the Greenhill-road. It reached the creek on Messrs. Slape and Woodcock's property, but many willing workers prevented it reaching the other banks. The work was not only difficult but dangerous, as those who were working were injured by the fence, the wires of which became almost redhot. The Black Hill was quickly engulfed by the flames, and during the after- noon was a perfect volcano of fire. The dry grass afforded an easy means of progress, while tbe sheoak trees were quickly covered with flames from root to bough. The fire was seen to be proceeding in the direction of Mr. Dunstan's quarry, and his employes were sent out to start a counter fire. This proved sucoessful, and during the evening the hill presented a beautiful sight to the uninterested onlooker, but it was a dangerous object to the neigh- boring landholders. It was only by the hardest exertions that the flames were pre- vented from ascending the bill towards the Greenhill-road. Had they done so, Sir Samuel Davenport's property on the other side of the road must necessarily have caught fire, and as the land is grassed for some miles there was nothing to keep the flames from crossing the Waterfall Gully-road. As it was they extended tor about 3½ miles along Slape's Gully. Just above Burside Messrs. Penfold, Langhton, and Dunstan's vineyards on the slope of the hills had a narrow escape, and it was only through the exertions of willing workers that they were saved. Farther up the gully Messrs. Craven and Dunn's homesteads had a narrow escape, and here the police troopers had some hard work. They arrived on the scene just in time, and through sheer dint of hard work they drove tbe flames back. Towards Norton's Summit Mr. T. Playford, jun.'s property, known as Wood's Hill, was attacked, but the flames were beaten back after a hard combat. It took four hours to save the property, the greatest difficulty being encountered through the shifting character of the wind. This was found a most dangerous element, as the gullies shifted it into different directions. Although the fire has covered some thousand acres the damage is comparatively small. No homesteads were affected, al- though several had narrow esoapes. A large quantity of grass and a con- siderable amount of fencing were de- stroyed, but beyond this the injury is slight. Troopers Buller, Carter, and Kelly were dis- patched from town on Sunday, while Trooper Mugge came from Uraidla on the same day, and up till a late hour on Monday night they were hard at work. The district owe much to their efforts, and on all sides nothing but praise was showered on, them. Another fire occurred at Forest Range on Friday last, and a woodcarter had a somewhat peculiar experience. He was passing through the flames when bis load, which con- sisted of bags of chips, caught fire, and it was only by throwing off the greater portion that he saved the rest. Some discussion has arisen in the neighborhood as to the cause of the fire at Horsnall's Gully, as it is alleged that the flames broke out in seven distinct places. simultaneously. Whether the police can sheet the blame home to any person remains to be seen, but they have suspicions with regard to a certain individual. At an early hour this morning the fire was still burning, but it is be- lieved that it has reached its limits. 