YOKS. CFr'.oin our own Coirespondent.) Tuesday lust, 2nd inst., was observed here as a day of special devotion. The solemn ceremony of blessing and distribut ing candles was performed by Fr. Delaney, and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given at evening devotions. On Fri day evening the meeting of the female branch of the S.H. was held. Sunday was communion day, and as usual two Masses were celobraled. The prayers of the congregation were requested for the happy repose oi the souls of Mrs. Moate and Joseph Crogan, formerly of Perth, both lately deceased. Mrs. Moate had been long a sufferer from internal cancer. and succumbed on Wednesday evening at the age of 54 years. — R.I. P. An infant, child belonging to Mr. C. Edwards, of York, died in Fremantle last week. On Saturday evenings, vehicle with flags ( flying and illuminated by torches passed through the streets. After a while a large crowd assembled near the Imperial Hotel to hear the great Professor Gibson holding forth. In good voice, and with appro priate oratorical gesticulations he pro nounced a vetoe upon patent medicines, and the doctors' " trade" in general. I can't say how many proselytes were made. The gathering appeared to be very orderly. Last Thursday a youth named George Cook, of Quellington, was charged at the York Police Court upoD the information of Miss Peacock with attempting a crim inal assault. The prisoner was remanded for 8 days. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £25 each, and himself in that of £50. A Roads Board election yvas held last week and resulted in the return of Messrs. K. Edwards, J. Pyke, and R. Burges. Telegraph communication with South ern Cross and York was established on Thursday. A correspondent in the last issue of the Chronicle writes upon the careless practice of some people in allowing offensive matter to remain about, and points nut the evil likely to follow from this practice. Tho Book department managed by Mr. Tuviner is about to change proprietorship. Mr. Tuviner solicits the public patronage for his successor Mr. McManus. The partnership which existed between the Messrs. Parker is declared dissolved from Jan. 30th. The Inspector of Schools visited York last week, aud put the little ones through their " mental exercises and tongue drill." We have had a bout of most unbearable weather. The heat was indeed most prostrating and was greatly augmented by the raging bushfires which appeared to be not far distant judging from the dense smoke which enveloped the town. Now we are favoured with refreshing breezes Stormy winds have swept over the town, and heavy thunderstorms appeared, to gather to the North and North-East. Now we are having bright, heat which is more endurable, accompanied by " gentle zephyrs that agitate the leaves." Feb 8. 