HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, November 10. AUDIT COMMISSIONERS' REPORT. Mr. PLAYFORD asked the reason of the delay in presenting the report of the Audit Commissioners to the House? He might ex- plain that for the last year or so complaints had been made about the delay in this matter, and considering the desirableness of having it before them when they were considering the Estimates would the Treasurer expedite it as Luuch as possible 1 lit ROUNSEVELL said the report might be in the Treasury, but he bad not seen it. Hb" would make enquiries and bring it down •s speedily as possible. The SPEAKER—I would point ont to the Treasurer that tbe report comes direct to tbe House, and not to the Treasurer. TELEGRAPHIC ERROR. Mr. KINGSTON asked if the Government 'jad discovered the origin of the second mistake in connection with the telegraphic report con cerning our financial position appearing in the London Times'l. Sir J. W. DOWNER—No; we are making enquiries. MR. CASTENE'S SPEECH. Mr. PARSONS asked whether the Premier's ■attention bad been directed to the "Hansard" 'Teport of a speech occupying some seven hours in delivery, cf which he believed Mr. Castine 'was the perpetrator? (Laughter). Was it a *'ful^aithfal,^?nd.adeoji?t?j^pc>rti^ ol the. intelligent criticism brought to bear by that hon. nuunber on the question of a Trades Hall site? Sir J. W. DOWNER bad not thought it necessary to read the report, and bis time was so much occupied that he thought he would for the present be satisfied with his recoUeu tions of the speech. (Laughter.) Mr. JENKINS asked if the Premier did not consider that the major part of Mr. Castine's speech would be found in previous "Han sards !" (Laughter.) Mr. PARSONS asked whether the Premier did not consider the " Hansard" report a mere skeleton of the speech delivered ? Sir J. W. DOWNER said if a complaint was made by the hon. member who delivered the speech or by any hon. member who heard it b9 would undertake not to read the report, but to have the matter enquired into. Mr. CASTINE said he was satisfied with the report. WORKING MEN'S BLOCKS AT MOUNT GAMBIER. Mr. HOWE, in reply to Mr. Osman, said the land at Mount Gambier intended for working men's blocks had been purchased subject to the approval of Parliament. RAILWAY EMPLOYES. Mr. GRAYSON, to Mr. CocK-The Rail way Commissioners report: —It is not a regu lation that all railway repairers are now re quired to be continuous in their attendance on their respective lengths of line. The men are not paid extra for their constant attendance on the lines. It was found that some of the line repairers were in the habit of leaving their districts and going as far as Broken Hill, bo tbat in the event of accidents or washaways difficulty would be experienced in col .ecting a large gang of men in a case of emergency. The men are not pre vented either trom going to church or visiting their friends in the neighborhood, but if they require to leave their districts they must obtain permission in precisely the same way that the district foremen and resident engineers have to obtain permission. A return will be prepared with reference to how many accidents have occurred on Sun days or other days when the men are not at work, and also with regard to the number of aooidents that have occurred during the past two years after the men have left their work at the usual time. It is a rule of the aervios that they are not to leave their districts without permission. No re muneration is paid to the men for the extra attendance unless their services are required. Mr. GOULD asked—Why are some of the employes in the Islington workshops allowed to work full time, while others engaged in similar work in the same departments are on half-time 1 Mr. GRAYSON, in reply, said—The Rail way Commissioners report: —Engine-fitters, erectors, and boilermakers are on full time, being engaged on repairs; blacksmiths and a portion of the machinists are on abort time, as well as the men in the carriage, waggon, and paint shops, in consequence of no further orders on construction account having been issued. Mr. BROOKER asked—ls is the inten tion of the Railway Commissioners to reduce the number of men engaged on construction works at Islington? Mr. GRAYSON, in reply, eaid—Tbe Rail way Commissioners report snob, a coarse may become necessary unless tbe men engaged on repairs are put upon short time, so as to dis tribute the work. Mr. CATT gave notice that on Tuesday be would ask the Commissioner of Publio Works —L How many men in the Railway Service are affected by tbe notice recently issued by the Railway Commissioners re not being allowed to leave the railway premises on Sun days without permission ? 2. Do the Railway Commissioners intend to pay tbe men for Son days if 'they are not allowed to have their free dom on that day ? INTERCOLONIAL RAILWAY TARIFF. Mr. GRAYSON, to Mr. McDosAin— The Government will ask die Victorian and other Governments to consider the question of arranging a uniform railway tariff between the colonies in connection with the establish ment of intercolonial free-trade. KEITH SIDING. Mr. ASH called the attention of the Com missioner of Public Works to the statement made three weeks ago by the late Commissioner of Public Works to the effect that the siding at Keith was then open for traffic and asked —L Is he aware that up to Sth November the siding was not opened for traffic, and that the department had refused to carry goods waiting there? 2. When will the siding be open for traffic? 3. When will tbe department carry the goods now waiting at Keith ? Mr. GRAYSON, in reply, said tbe Railway Commissioners report—We are not aware of any such statement. L Yes. 2. Next week. 3. On the arrival of the man appointed to take charge of the siding pending the com pletion of the signal*. THE LIBRARY. Sir J. W. DOWNER to Mr. Castine—At present the library is kept open till 10 p.m. and the keys are then left with tbe caterer, and members can, if they desire, gain access to the library afterwards. THE BUSHFIRES ACT. Mr. HOMBURG. in reply to Me Cald weu, said —District councils nave no power to alter the months during which stubble or scrub can be burnt, but may alter or vary tbe hours for burning stubble and grass only. QUESTION OF PROCEDURE. Tbe SPEAKER said he wished to point out that cases had occurred where resolutions, notice of which had been given for considera tion in committee, had been considered in tile House. This practice seemed to him irregular, and he proposed in tbe future where notice had been given for a resolution to be considered in committee not to allow it to be discussed on the motion for going into supply. Mr. URAENGER—You ruled theother way some time ago. The SPEAKER said he had just pointed out that cases had occurred in the past, but he intended to rule to the contrary in the future. Mr. PLAYFORD questioned whether it would be wise to depart from the old practice, as if such resolutions were only allowed to be discussed in committee it opened up inter minable discussion, as each member could speak as many times as he liked. The SPEAKER said he was not yet giving a ruling so that discussion could not take place. He quoted from "Blackmore," page 183\. in support of bis view. Mr. HOLDER said he hoped the Speaker would consider when he was giving his ruling whether what he proposed would preventaU motions imposing taxation from being in creased. Mr. PARSONS asked if contingent notices of motion would be considered in committee * The SPEAKER said if contingent notices of motion were moved the House would discuss thftrn. THE STOCK TAX. Mr. McDONALD resumed tile adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. Ossl&s; — That the House resolve itself into a committee of toe whole to consider tbe following resolution :- Tbat it Is desirable that an ?«Miiitm.j tax sbonW be placed on cattle, sheep, horses, asd pigs, and a tax oo meat im portedinto this colony. To which Mr. Homburg has moved the following amendment:— After "pigs." inline 1, tiinsert" bones, raw hide*, and Kkina, ullow, {rreasrand trashed wool, iron tanks," and after "meat," in line 2, to insert "diamonds (except for boring), vinegar, wine, spirits, beer, and cordials.'' He said at the time the' motion was pro posed the colony was suffering from a dry season and there was a dearth of fat stock, co that tbe opponents of the tax had some good reason for opposing it. He, however, did not think tbat the tax would increase the price of meat, as in a month or so we would have an abundant eupply of fat stock irrespective of outside supplies. This should not be made a question of city against tbe country. Mr. KINGSTON—It is not. Mr. McDONALD said the tax of £1 a head would make no difference in the retail price of meat and heavier and better cattle would be sent down. He thought an extra tax should be placed on horses, as tnis colony could produce better gT??"g>g than were cent over from Sydney. Mr. MILLER eaid without keeping stock the farmers could not maintain the fertility of the land, and they could not keep stock with out the assistance of this tax, which would also encourage the rearing of dairy cattle. South Australia could, under natural con ditions, produce as good stock as any other country in the world. It was ungenerous of dwellers in tbe city to oppose this tax, as they had been very heavily protected themselves. He contended that the Queensland growers would pay the bnJk of the tax. Mr. KINGSTON, in accordance with con tingent notice, moved — To leave out all the words affer "House" with a view to add " is of opinion that no further taxation should be imposed for protective purpxea on the Decnuriea of lile without a corregpondW remission ot taxation on necessaries of life which cannot be produced in the colony." He was sorry that members bad referred to this question aa being one between tbe city and the country, and he could assure country mem bers that he was just as earnest in desire to promote the interests of rural industries as he to promote the interests of the metropolitan manufacturers. He, bow ever, could not agree to this tax, because it was an alteration that was in opposition to the settled policy of the country not to im post) taxation on the necessaries of life. It was wrong, also, to agree to it in a dying Par liament, and he denied that members had the mandate of the constituencies to propose it. He claimed to be a titautich and consitiGcnt pro tectionist, and he thought farmers were mis taken in their ideas of the advantages they expectsd to receive from tbe p??«inp; of tbe motion. He had not a personal knowledge of the opinions of the farmers, but he noticed that there was a difference of opinion amongst the farmers' representatives. It was a matter in which the aftnculoural community was very tergely interested, and in new of their semv menfe he would, if he oouid conscientiously do so, advocate the tax if they in return would do something whioh would enable him to fulfill the pledges he had given. The stock tax would, however, imperil the preservation of the protectionist! policy. He considered that the agriculturists ot South Australia at the present moment had do reason to claim that protection had been one-sided, as in a variety of niattwra they had been protected. He did not believe that the subject was mentioned at the last electionp. Mr. CATT—It was so important that I spoke of it at every meeting. Mr. KINGSTON—Then Mr. Catt was the only member who did. Mr. JOHNSON—I did too. Mr. KINGSTON eaid he did not believe that it was advocated by ten members at the last elections. He wan surprised to find two members of the l'layford Government —Messrs, Catt and Johnson —that Govern ment which proposed to give to the people of South Australia that about which they had heard so much, but stten bo little—a free breakfast table—were now advocating a tax on the humble chop and the festive steak. When the policy of protection was adopted it was proposed that a corresponding remission should be made in the duties on the neces saries of life, but they failed, and be now appealed to members to allow the matter to wait till after the next general elec tions, whish were only a few months off. He asked the House to support his amend ment, so as to show that the talk about not increasing the cost of the necessities of life is something more than talk. Mr. CALDWELL said be would have hesi tated to increase the duty on stock were it not for the action of Victoria in raising a hostile tariff to prevent our stock from reaching her markets. It was not a question of raising the price of meat in Adelaide, but of whether we should pl*oe onr neck under the too: of Vic toria. It was a question of principle. (ll<-ar, hear; and laughter.) There was no reason why we should not rival New Zealand to some extend in the export of cattle. The country south of the Bum was capable of rearing all the stock we require for our own wants. If the stock tax was thrown out there would probably be a revulsion of feeling in the country which would sweep away the protection accorded to other industries. Mr. LANDSEBB believed good all round would come out of the tax, which would afford pastoralists some protection against) the refuse stock cf Queensland. Mr. O'LOUGHLTX said circumstances had altered since last election ovine to the im position of a heavy tax on cattle and horses by Victoria. The tax on horses should be £5 in stead of i 2. He had horses from the MooDonnell Ranges working on hia farm which were superior to any Victorian horses. The tax on sheep would not affect the consumer of mutton, as we only got some old ewes from New South Wales just after shearing. The duty on cattle, even if paid wholly by the consumer, would not exceed Jd. per lb. He supported the tax. Mr. COCK approved of the increase of the tax, which would keep money in tbe country and improve the condition of all fie was willing to accede at any time to a free inter change of intercolonial products, but at present we are fighting a battle of tariffs and are forced to do so. Mr. HAWKER said he had promised hU constituents to support the reduction of the duties on the necessaries of life. That being bo, bow could he support the present motion ? (Hear, hear.) If the tax did not raise die price of meat, bow could it raise the price of wheat? 'He had fonnd cattle rasing for the market did not pay long before Queensland was heard of in the South Australian markets. Mr. CATT—That is very humiliating for Sooth Australia. Mr. HAWKER—How could anyone, taking the experience of the past two years, breed up a young beast from a cs.lt and make it profitable? the whole country from the Murray Bridge to Quorn the grass being barely enongh to keep stock alive, and the losses of stock and horses even among the fanners being considerable. He read a report of an interview from the Melbourne Herald showing that the Victorian stock tax had increased the price of butchers' meat, because that colony, like our own, could not crow suffi cient meat for the borne market. He did not believe the tax would benefit the South Aus tralian farmer at all. It could not do so without raising the price of meat, and to do this was indefensible in the present hard times. He had never made what was called an "election speech" in the House, and would not do so now. He opposed the tax. (Hear, hear.) Mr. STOCK would vote for the motion, in tending to oppose certain of the items. He could not support the tax on imported cattle unless he could reduce the amount to 10s. per head. Sir. CATT had a greater belief in the capa bilities of South Australia than Mr. Hawker, and believed we could grow here more than the stock we require. His position was a somewhat difficult one, because he had pro mised to eupcort tbe stock tax and take the duties off tea, coffee, &c.;, which the House had oedined this session to do. He would support the motion. Mr. HANCOCK said he had always pro tested against protection, and when he looked over the history of the colony he failed to see that it had been of much advantage. They bad built up a few industries, and made two or three fortunes for a few individuals, but beyond that they had done nothing much for the producers. Contrasting our land with that of Queensland he Eaid the placing of £1 per bead would not keep one bead of cattle out of the colony, and if they wanted to keep them out they should impose a prohibitory duty of Mr. CASTENE—WiII you move that? Mr. HANCOCK—I would if I thought I could carry it. _ Mr. CASTENE—And then move the adop tion of the Queensland border railway. Sir E. T. SMITH intended to oppose the motion. Some years ago be with others attempted to raise cattle, but all they could do was to purchase store cattle from Queensland. They might do well in good seasons, bat it would not pay in bad ones. It cattle were cheaper now than before they had a tax at all what was the earthly use of imposing a larger tax! They had constructed a line to bring the cattle to Adelaide, and now they into South Austealia. It had been said that the tax would not increase the prioe of meat, but be would point out that tbe butcher who supplied the Blind, Etoaf, and Dumb Institu tion had given notice that in consequence of tbe tax he would have to charge £2 per month extra. Mr. JOHNSON said whether the subject had been brought ap at the last election or not did not matter one whit, because members were sent to Parliament for three years to do the best they could for the colony, and he maintained that there was a majority in favor of the tax. He would point out to Sir E. T. Smith that they had not taken the railway to the Queensland border, but if they had the effect would have been that the Queensland pastoralists would have given up cattle and taken to sheep. The introduction of a free breakfast-table would benefit tbe city, while the farmers—although they would have some advantage—would have to subscribe the taxa tion necessary to make up tbe loss through the remission of those duties. In face of the finances he would ask Mr. Kingston whether ha would like to see bis amendment carried ? Mr. KINGSTON-Certainly. Mr. JOHNSON thought Mr. Kingston was very unpatriotic. Unless something was done the people of the south-east would be almost ruined on account of the action of Victoria. There was plenty of land in South Australia that would rear cattle, and tbe result of the tax would mean that this land would be developed. Mr. HOLDER said he was still in favor of a free breakfast-table, but he did not think that subject was connected with the stock tax. In view of the finances, however, they could not remit the duties, so that he would be found voting against all amendments of the motion. Mr. PLAVFOUD said the mover of the motion stated that bis object was not to raise revenue, but some members favored it for that very reason. So far as sheep were concerned Scnth Australia could bold her own, but as to cattle the tax would not result in raising a single extra head of cattle, and would increase the price of meat. They were simply placing a tax that was not sufficient to keep out the cattle on one of the chief necessaries of life for revenue purposes, and were going deliberately against the promises they made on the hustings. Mr. LANDSEER—AH tbe farmers are asking for it. Mr. PLAYFORD said the majority of meet ings; of farmers held to consider die subject were against tbe tax. If they did carry tbe tax they should take a corresponding amount of duty off the necessaries of life that we could not produce in the colony. We could not compete with Queensland, not because we could not produce cattle, but because it did not pay us. We got better returns from wool, and when the railway went to tbe Queensland border they also would «o in for sheep. He would support Mr. Kingston's amendment. Mr. CASTENE said if the tax was going to increase the price of meat tbey should hesi tate before agreeing to it. J!e believed the tax might be increased eligbtly with great advantage. Ho would support the motion to go into committee, and subsequently propose reductions. Mr. KINGSTON'S amendment was nega tived on the following division :— Ayes, 7—Messrs. Brooker, Gould, Grainger, Hooper, O'Loughlin, Scherk, and Kingston (teller). Noes, 23—Messrs. Burgoyne, Catt, Cock burn, Cock, and Castine, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Gray?on, Gilbert, Giles, Homburg, Holder, Hack, Handyeide, Howe, Hague, Hancock, Landseer. Moule, McDonald, Osman, Solomon, Stock, and Kounaevell (teller). Pairs.—For—Messrs. Jenkins, Hawker, tfcPaersoa, Cohen, f feyford, Horn, Ash, and Sir E. T. Smith. Against—Messrs. Butler, J. R. Kelly. R. Kelly, H. E. Downer, Miller, Blacker, and Gill*-n. Air. BUOOKEU moved to add " that it is desirable chat an additional tax be levied on imported champagne." There was at present a duty of 10s. a gallon on champagne. He trusted that the increasing appreciation of Australian wines would soon lead to the im ported article being shut out. If the industry was encouraged we could soon produce a ohampagne superior to any imported. Mr. Koumur bad shown that even with inferior granes he could make excellent champagne. Wo should ultimately get better champagne at 7e. M. a battle than we get now for 15j. Mr. PAKSON3 would support the stock tax if the Northern Territory was exoepted. The nature of the country rendered it itnpos poHiblefor anyone to bring in cattle from Queensland, and pass them through tbe south eastern corner of tbe Territory and co evade tbe tax. Mr. JOHNSON—How abnut store cattle? Mr. PAKSONS—If the effort waa made the cattle would end aa bonen in a stony desert. He maintained that Mr. Playford had for long years opposed tbe advance of protection, along with many other members who now claimed the honor of the victory. Mr. KINGSTON—Mr. Playford did more for protection than you could in 50 yearn if you tried all your time. Mr. PAKSOXS—My honorable friend is well known as a c-liartered libertine Mr. KINGSTON —\ ou are a libertine with out a charter. Mr. PAKSONS—The hon. member is so well known that he ie allowed to make rude remarks without boing called to order. Mr. KINGSTON—You had better talk about tea. The SPEAKER—I will ask the hon. mem ber to withdraw the statement that an iion. member is allowed to make rude remarks without being called to order. Mr. PARSONS withdrew the statement, and would support tbe amendment. The amendment was carried on the follow ing division: — AVK3, 17—Messrs. Cohen, Cock, Caotine, Giles, Gould, Grainger, Hooper, Hack, Hague, Jenkins, Kingston, Landseer, McDonald, O'Loughlin, Parsons, Scherk, and Mr. Brooker(teUer). Noes. 16—Messrs. Ash and Cockburn, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Groyson, Gilbert. Howe, Handyside, Hancook, Homburp, John son, Moule,'Osman, Solomon, Stock, and Rounsevell (teller). Mr. GILBERT moved to add "alsothat the duty on malleable ploughshares be re moved " Mr. GRAINGER asked if they could speak again on the motion now that new matter bad been imported into it? The SPEAKER ruled that this could not be done, as tbe hon. member had already spoken on the motion, and could not therefore speak on the amendment. Mr. GRAINGER disputed the ruling. The amendment was negatived on the fol lowing division: — Ayes, 7—Messrs. Ash, Gilbert, Giles, Horn, Handy?ide, Hanoook, and Castine (teller.) Noes, 26—Messrs. Cock, Cockbum, Cohen, and Catt, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Gould, Grayeon, Grainger, Hague, Howe, Hack, Hooper, Holder, Homburg, Jenkins, John son, Kingston, Landeeer. McDonald, Moule, O'Loughun, Osman, Solomon, Scherk, Stock, and Rounsevell (teller.) Mr. JENKINS moved— That an additional tax be levied on imported ear rants and r?Wns. Mr. GOULD thought there was already a sufficient duty on currants and raisins, and would oppose the motion. Mr. MOULE, on a point of order, asked if a member who bad already spoken on tbe original motion could speak on the amend ment proposed ? The SPEAKER said it had been tbe prac tice of the House for the Speaker to exhaust all die amendments before putting the ques tion as amended to the House. Members would have tbe fullest opportunity in com mittee of speaking for or against any question that might be remitted to the committee. Mr MOTTLE — Having spoken to the original motion, can I epeak to the amend ment? The SPEAKER—The question before the House is tbat the words proposed to be added by Mr. Jenkins be added. Having spoken to the original motion ■the hon. member cannot speak now. I shall be prepared on Tuesday next to give the House numberless instances in support of what has been tbe practice of the House. Mr. MOULE—I regret that I have lo dis pute your ruling. The SPEAKER—The ruling I have given is that tile hon. member is not entitled to speak an the amendment moved by Mr. Jenkins. Mr. CATT—I quite agree with you as to what has been the practice of the House, but standing order 197 leaves you no option bu4 to put the motion as amended to the House. I think members can claim the right to?peak under that oHer. The SPEAKER—The hon. member knows what the practice of tbe House- has been, and where tbe standing orders are not clear the Speaker has to fall back upon the practice of the House. ' Mr. HOLDER—If yon rule that any member can speak when you put the question to the House that the motion as amended be agreed to, then any member can speak now, because you bad already put that question to the House when Mr. Gilbert interposed with his amendment. After farther dissussion Mns?ra. ASH and KINGSTON suggested that the Government should adjourn the debate till the Speaker gave his ruling Mid the reasons in support of it on Tuesday next. Mr. HOMBURG moved tbe adjournment of the debate till Tuesday next, and this was carried. THE ESTIMATES. On the motion for going into committee of supply, Air. GRAINGER stated that he was snr prised that die Government had not answered any of tbe criticisms that bad been passed on their financial proposals. Mr. OSMAN expressed his regret that the Government had not taken up the report of the Drainage Commission. If tbe work which the Commission proposed were carried out it would not cost a very large sum and would be reproductive. He wished to call attention to'the fact that notwithstanding a motion of the House to the effeot that eecond-olas? carriages on long journeys should be supplied with eeat cushions, the work bad not been carried out, although the' Railway Commis sioners bad fonnd sufficient money to spend £4,300 on a new State carriage. He also hoped the Government would cut up the Pinaroo country into small blocks. Mr. C ASTENE impressed npon tbe Govern ment the necessity of considering the advis ablenees of bnying certain land near Riverton for the purpose of cutting it up into working men's blocks. In committee. Attorney - General's Department — Law officers, £3,025; patent and copyright, £395 ; and public trustee, £630. Items passed. Supreme Court, £5,719. Mr. GRAINGER asked if the estimated revenue of £38,000 in cluded tbe extra £10,000 expected to be derived from the alteration in the Probate and Succession Duties Act. Mr. HOMBURG replied that it did. Mr. HOLDER asked why a saving of £200 was expected in fees of jurors and witnesses? Mr. HOMBURG ea:d the Wiltshire trial cost £500 last year. He believed even the blacks got £200 for coming down from Alice Springs. He did not know who got tbe money. Mr. JENKINS—The lawyers I suppose. (Laughter.) In reply to Mr. Gbajxueb, Mr. HOMBURG said tbe costs in Arthur's case could not come cut of this vote. As to tbe expenses of the Hubbe case they would come out of the " incidental and unforeseen expenses"—what the hon. mem ber termed the "You and I account." (Laughter.) Item passed. Court of Insolvency, £2,365. Passed. Magistrates' and Local Courts, £13,414. Passed. Coronets, £720. Passed. Registrar-General of Deeds, £6,457.—Mr. GRAINGER asked if the Government bad a report on tbe working of tbe Real Property Office? Mr. HOMBURG said tbe Registrar- General bad shown him the time books, which showed that the officers worked from 9.30 a. m. to 5 p.m. Mr. Heath's work got slightly in arrear owing to his absence through illnnaa^ and be had worked two and a half hours'over time. The Treasurer's Department. — Treasury, £3.!M(j. Passed. Agent-General in England, £5,47*.—Mr. GRAINGER argued that the inscription of our stock could be done as well by the Agent- General as by Glyn, Mills, & Co. Mr. ROUNSE YELL believed if we had to inscribe our stock the cost of the department would be raised to £7,000 or £3,000. The present system worked very w<JL Mr. HOLDER believed money could bo saved by doing the work our selves, but the difficulty was that the present stockholders have a guarantee that tbe inscrip tion of stock and the payment of interest should be done through Glyo, Mills, & Co. He hoped the Treasurer would obtain a report from the Acent General on the subject. Mr. PLAY FORD believed we might save money by having offices in the city and relet tbe present premises in Westminster. We had at present to pay the whole amount of tbe interest to Glyn, Mills, &. Co. a fortnight before it is pay able. Tha Agent-General could easily do the extra work. Mr. GRAINGER pointed out tbat under the proposed system the Agtsut- General would bu able at any time to know what is the amount of " undigested stock" in the market and advise bis iiovernmeno accord ingly. Mr- ROUNSEVELL promised to make full enquiries into the subject and ccc if the scheme is practicable. The amount of unclaimed interest was very small. Land and Income Tax Department, £t>,160. —Mr. PLAYFORD baid the Civil Service Commission recommended an increase of £50 to the Deputy Commissioner of Taxes, but as Mr. Spilfer got a £50 bonus by actinic, torn porarily aa Under-Treaaorer no injustioe was done him last year. This year, however, he (should got the rise. Mr. ROUKSEVELL naid he would make the increase if possible. Item passed. Stamp Duty Department, £597.' Passed. Customs. £22,872. Passed. Marine Board, £16,<>1(>. Passed. Interest *nd exchange, £3.loo.—Sir. PLAY PORD thought we dealt witn too many banks, and the Government of the day was practi cally at thn mercy of tho associated banks. Mr. ROUXSEVELL-If we wanted half a million suddenly would one bank be able to do it? Mr. PLAYKOKD-Did we ever want £100,000, and was one of the banks ready to help us? (Hear, hear.) 11l would be better for us to deal with the two local banks. Mr. GILES eaid it seemed from what Mr. Play ford said that we ought to have a real " ISank of .South Australia," a State bank, (liear, hear.) lie asked the Treasurer to eoe if the Savings Bank could not be turned into a State bank. Mr. HOLDER asked if transfer warrants were still forbidden by the Government? Mr. BOUKSEVELL said he had approved the minute of the con. member on this subject and they would not bo allowed with tJiglit exceptions. Mr. MOULK said the Estimates were useless if transfer warrants were allowed. Paused. Miscellaneous, £400. Passed. Progress was reported, and tho committee obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday. CONCILIATION BILL. In oomtnittee. Clause 40. Mode of appointment was agreed to aa previously amended. The following suggested addition by Mr. CASTINE beine rejected:—"No person not a party to or directly interested in the dispute shall appear before or be beard by the board, and especially no counsel, solicitor, or member of Parliament shall t>o appear or be heard unless he is a party or interested as afomtaiil." Clause 4L President—Mr. HANDYSIDE moved that the President should be one of the judges of the Supreme Court. Mr. GRAINGER said as a judge's sympathies might be entirely with the capitalists, and he might be "beakand bobby" at the same time like a certain magistrate who was at Broken Hill. Mr. COCK said he oonld not agree with Mr. Grainger, aa be thought they were more likely to get impartiality if the amend ment were carried. Mr. HANDYSIDEdid not see the force of Mr. Granger's argument, as be might joist as well say that if a rich man brought a case against a poor man the latter would nob get justice. (Mr. Grainger—" He very often does not.") That was a very unfair statement. Mr. HACK thought a judge of the Supreme Court was likely to be as impartial as any one they oould appoint. It would also save the salary of £1,500, which it was proposed to give. Mr. HOSIBUKG pointed out that the salary was not to exceed £1,500, and it waa not likely that that sum would be paid. He would oppose the appointment of a judge, as they did not wish to limit in that way, as judges held not only a judicial but to a certain extent a political position. Mr. ASH eaid if the amendment were carried it might destroy the BUI itself, because under the present appointment they could not compel either of the judges to take the position. Mr. HAGUE thought it might be well to have a judge as president, but it would be a pity to bind the appointment down. Mr. KINGSTON said there were I various reasons for opposing the amendment. The salary of £1,500 would not be excessive, as they might fairly expect the president to fiultil other important duties. Negatived. Mr. HAGUE moved to omit second section of clause and substitute the third section for it, and in lieu of the third section insert " Every member shall be remunerated for his services in a manner and according to a scale of pay ment to be fixed and provided for by Parlia ment. Measure. HOMBURG and HOLDER opposed the amendment, which was withdrawn- Mr. HACK moved to reduce the salary of the president from £1,500 to £1,000. Negatived by 18 votes to 5. Mr. ASH moved to strike out the words "for live years" after the words "during good behavior." Negatived. Mr. ASH moved to insert after the word? "parties" the words "if registered under this Act." His object was to limit the powers of the president to reconcile only those partite who were registered under the Act. Sir J. W. DOWNER said the clause was in the interests of conciliation and not compulsion, and tbe president would have no power to call witnesses negatived, and the clause was agreed to by 20 votes to 6. Clause 42. Passed. Mr. ASH moved to strike out " in the places of all or soy of," and insert instead "in addition to." Sir j. W. DOWNER approved of the amendment, which was carried. The clause passed as amended. Clauses 44 to 59 passed. Clause 00. Limitation of liability and under award. Mr. ASH moved to strike out "or sanctioned by the president." The amendment was carried, and the clause passed as amended. Clause 01 to 64 passed. Clause 65. Provision for enforcement of awards to apply.—Mr. ASH moved to insert after "agreement1' "unless therein negatived or limited." Amendment carried and clause passed. Clause 66. Passed. Clause 67. Penalty on strike.—Mr. ASH moved to add after "dispute" " between or?aisatdons or persons registered under this Act." Arrmnrlmflnip negatived and clause passed. Clause 68. Industrial report.—Mr. HAGUE moved after "president* to insert "or the chairman of any board, or such members of a board as may be requested by the president or chairman." Amendment negatived and clause passed by 17 to 5. Clause 69. Passed. I Clause 70. Investie?tion aad report.—On the motion of Sir J. W. DOWNER the words "filed in the office of the registrar" were inserted in place of "forwarded to the Minister, &c.;, at the end of the clause. ! Clauses 71 to 77 were passed. Clause 79. Removals by Minister.—Mr. ASH moved to strike out the words "to have misconducted himself in such office." A man should only be dismissed if the misconduct rendered him unfit to bold office The amend ment was defeated and the clause passed. Clauses 80 and 81 were passed. Clause 82. Publication of regulations.—Mr. ASH moved after the word " apd" in tho 31st line to add the words "if not disallowed by either House of Parliament within 30 days after being laid before Parliament.9' Mr. KINGSTON opposed and Sir J. W. DOWNER supported the amendment, which was carried and the clause passed as amended. Clause 83. Penalty on persuading to com mission of offence.—Mr. ASH moved to insert a'ter "person" the words "registered under this Act." Sir. J. W. DOWNER said the clause merely repeated the present law. It created no new offence. Mr. KINGSTON agreed with die Chief Secretary. Mr. ASH, however, still contended that a new offence was created by the clause, which subjected an outsider to rules of unions to which he does not belong. The amendment was lost, and the clause passed. Clauses 84 to 87 were passed, and then the Chairman reported progress, obtaining leave to sit again on Tuesday next. VACCINATION BILL. The report of the committee on the Vacci nation Bill was agreed to, and the third reading was fixed for Tuesday. At 1L34 p.m. the House adjourned till 2 p.m. on Tuesday. 