M?'vor uhiro Council, Wa\\.vsnaDA, FsHanun GTI, 1891, Preoent.-The President (Cr J. O'Brien) and Ora D. Chambers, F, 11ill, A. Bege, W. Hondy, J, Tehan, D. M'Maiter and J. D. Bywater. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmc(d. CoRRIesPONDENc0. From R. Jaudon, giving notice he had sold his lald to Mr Ring. Or Bywater movedr Mr Ring's name be placed in the rate book for the property, instead of Mr Jansen'a. Seconded by the Prcsiient and carried. From .11. Greig, Secretary of the Heath cote Hospital, soliciting donation, and stating there wore not anuflcient funds to secure the Govt. Grant. Cr ougg moved and Or Blywater secon ded the usual donation of S10 be given. Cr lfhMaster said they had curtailed donations very much, and thought as a local inotitution it should be well sup. ported. Anyone who gets asoistance was known to many ratepayers ir. the shire and they ought to he as liberal as they could. lie would ask the mover to make it £15 instead of £10. Or Iill--The amount must not be supposed to be annual. They would give it now to enable the iLoepital to get the Govt. Grant. Or Tohan would aupport Iho increase. A good many ratepayers do not give any. thing at all, and by the council giving was the only way to cause them to contribute. Most of the people who got assistance had beeoon living amongst them many years, and they could not extend charity in a better direction. The Secretary said it was 18 months since the council had given a donation. Ur Bywater asked the mover to make it £20 instead of £10. Cr Bogg withdrew his motion. Or M'Master moved the donation be £16. Seconded by Cr Elill.-Carried. Or Tehban-Ticketa must be taken ont. The secorotary said he always got tickets. From A. George, 'Poaunm Flat, asking consentof the council to his application for 20 aores of land. Cr M'Maator said the Heathloto people object to the camraon beolng alienated. Cr Bywator thought the council could not object; that they should leave it to the mining board. Or M'Mastar said the council were the maneagoer of the common for the Heatb cote people, and it would not be fair to give their common away. It was differ ent to land at a distanco from the town, Mr Ryan said the land was fenced in, and the applicant had to pay the depart. meot for improvements. Or Tehan said it was a diflbroet case. 'he land had bhen fenced for 20 years. Mr George senr., died, ahd the son is now applying for it. Or Begg thought they should not object in that case. It was not orowa lands. It had been lieonsed baeforb. Or Tehan moved rinr Cr Hendy Cadoo dod the council offer s,o objeotiaoti. CarFied. From T. T . Draper, ro 'eleatrio light. From Shire of Warsaga, agreeiag to oaeting at Ruassell's bridge. Cr Bligg repnrted that he and Cr lywater met Pr Mulvehill and 'IM) lume, Cnriineer, and agreed with Russelt tt or £1) to keep the bridge clear. 'They I greed to pay one-fourth oftthb amount. t hbey also agreed as to the roAd *owardo Jlare Inn. But did not agree: to bridge rer Forest Creek. Or Bywater said Cr Begg wanted the h, oad done and ho wanted tho bridge. T 'he one councillor from Waranga also , vanted the road but the bridge was not igreed to. The bridge should he made. S man's horse was drowned there, and fI be man nearly drowned himself. He lf vould euggeet tenders be aolled 'o- th d eoad after next financial year. he ad t' ived 20 "ears near where the bridgeo iould be, and one night had to sleep t inder a tree beeauao heo could not get i terusa the creek. But he did not live here now. The bridge should be done t irst. 6 or 8 waggons cross there every c lay. a Or Begg-In the summer time. Or Bywater moved they have a portion t )f the road done and the bridge, and t the other portion of the road after next c September. Or Begg said the reason he went against the bridge was that in winter they only have floods two or three times a year, and there was a bridge within a a mile and a quarter of the crossing. It t was a good crossing, and he would not < agree to the bridge till they were in funds. t Mr M'Master moved the agreement I entred into with the Warauga Shire be approved of. Seconded by Or Chambers and carried, Cr Bywater withdrawing hbi motion. From Dr Clark, Health Officer, reporting that Charlotte Warne was uffering from typhoid fever at Tooborac. Or M'Maater said it was in an isolated place. 1 e had not heard of the case before. The Doctor to be asked if the reported the ease to the Central Board of Ioealth, there being a doubt whether the council or he should do it. It was stated the doctor would report. From the Chief Secretary's Offlca. with a copy of Purification of Rolls Act, calling attention of sections re inspector of rolls. Froro the Trewsury, Melbourne, with form for endowinwntr for current year, and asking for return as to rateo.-To be attended to, Froom Water Supply Department, stating the Minister has approved of grant of £200 for necessary work at Sandy Creek brid?e. From Inspector of Works re name, stating that the woks can be proceeded with at onco. From the Departmentro same. agreeing to payment of £1 per month to Mrs Rowan for trafic through her property. From the Board of Publio Health, with forms for returns.-To be 'for warded. From the Treasury enquiring if the re- ndjustmont of boundarios had included or excluded licensed houses, with a view to allocation of voto for same, Boundariea referred to between M'Ivor and ryalong shires, In the answer toCr Begg the Secretary said the alteration made no differences in licenses. From Kynoton Weights and Meaaursa Union asking the council to join the Union. Or Chambers moved tho letter he rdocived and no action taken. He wouild oppose the Shiro joining it. Methalfe Shire got into it, and cannot get out of it, though it would he very gInd to. In Kyneton scales ha.l been broken up and scales that coat d :' t A id only fetch £2 now. If noles nro thu' least bit out they are taken away, and the owner has to pay a fine of 9£, and 10o for adjust meet. If a person only had a pair of old stoolyards a about the place they would be taken and the fine Taid payinort enforced. Seconded by Cr Begg and carriod. From tfh Municipal Endowment Con. feroncn with report. Or M 'Master said the Maryboronah Council if not instrumeInal in gcaining the desired object, they took a leading and energetic part in the matter, and they ought to be grateful and acknowledge their good services. He moved the secretary convey the thanks of the council to the Mary. borough Counoil. Seconded by Or Bfcg and carried, Or M'Maater stating it would make a difference of about 4400 to them. From the Railway Department, ask. nowledging receipt of letter, re improvements at Knowsloy Station and stating the matter was referred to the inspector. Or dfywater moved the members of the riding and Bngineer inspect. It was thought it hbould be left to the inapector. From the Water supply, re claim of £460 8 for Sandy Creek bridge, rendered necessary by the water being backed up by the weir, asking if the work bad been done. The secretary said the vouchers were sent in in 1890. From same, stating the vouchero were lost, and asking for duplicates, The secrelary said they were tlhe originals. Cr Hill moved the eocretary send fresh vouchers. Seconded by Or Chambers and carried, Or M'Mastor moved the secretary write to the department through Mr Webb, stating they had paid for the bridge, and were paying interest on the money for 18 months, and asking the department to pay the Intorest. Beconded by the President and carried. From Govt. Statist, for return of agri cultural statietics,-To be supplied. From Canlfichl Shire re Karslake v. Canlftield Shire.-No action. From Jae. Mnrdoch, tedcastle, stating the. Engineer had not called at his place, re improvement to road but called at a neighbors'a, The engineer said ha did call and did not find him. Or Chambers moved the Engineer en deavor to see Mr Murdoch on his next vsilt to Omytown. Seconded by Or Hendy. Carried, the Engineer to saed word when going. From G. H. Adamn and Co., 241 Colline Street, Melbourne, re buisines, wire netting, &0. From a meeting of farmers and grazier, i held at Sale, with resolutlons in favor of an increase in the atock tax, with notice of confarence on the asbject at the Town Hall, Melbourne at 10 a.m., on Wednesday, 2nd March, with a view of returning to Parliament members pledged to support a substantial increase in the tax. that tie present steaook tax was only 65 a head on cattle and id a head on shoeip, Asaing the council to send representative to the conference. Cr M'Master said all were agreed as to an increase, and Mr Webb was also favorable to' it, and he thought he might be asked to attend on their behalf. Or Chambers said Mr Webb might not he able to attend, and moved the President be appointed to attend the conference and Mr Webb be asked to attend too if he can. The President suggeated Or Tehan be appointed in his stead. Cr Hill said the farmers had oomo at the eleventh hour, and he did not think they wotld carry their point. The tax should not be so much per head, but by weight. Or Tehan said that in consequence of the lowness of the tax stock had comae in by thousands, and the numbers were so great in the colony now that for the next two years meat would not command a better price than 10a par owt. Lot them have protection all round. Land had dopreolated in value threoghthaglutofthe marketwb they have fat stock in Victoria to ditsposo of. 11o thought it a good thing the farmers had come to their senses. li0 wouild support 'i; asfar on in his power, ' • Cr Bywater tAlithe ueptia w r they would frln nyihh inir ' lerji : . ihinu ratt Heswold auY t irt at thrtdtl In Melbournewallng ebh tvitng. *Or Hill-They would iathe t than worki or Ss or 6 a day. Or Bywat r waold not keep stock out of the country. In '65 people had to pay 6? a hundred for beef o! the moat in fti ior qoality. There was hardly a man had a beast in the colony. Or M'Master-It is es now, Cr Bywater, why tax the poor man forhis food, There were poor men with famili starving in Melbourno to.diay. lHe did not think it a matter for the council to take up, and moved they take no actipo. Not seconded. The President paid if appointed to att the conference he would certainly volf favor of an increano in the stock tax, 2 The motion was then put and carfarl the President and Cr Tehan to atteend 'ha conference, Mr Webb to be invited also'* attend, Or M'Maater auggested any other membeat might be allowed to attend who wished. UH thought the tax should be 42 a head on cattle and 5s or Ga a head on sheep. Or Tehan-2s on sheep. The President-6s. Or Bill thought a difference saould be made between fat and store tock. The Council adjourned for lunch. On resuming, Cr IM'MInter said he thoul't they onght to instruct the delegates to the conference, Ho moved they belnatrtcted to support a £2 tax on all cattle and 5* sa sheep. He thought the ta on atore cattle ought to le more, Many aen could a6t fatten stock on their land. Beconded by Or Handy. Or Tehabsnald be wastia fae-of a?-?ta-. ..·. - - . tax and a ltif one tc,. 1ie was in favtn of £2 on cattle, As to sheep he ought to kiow something about them. Or Byw ater thought the delegates onght to have a free hand, Or M'Master wished to know what they were going to do. Or Hill agreed that it was right it the majority should rule, They must have store stock for 5 or 6 years more. The Presidont understood they were to support a certain thing, and if they can't get that they were to get as near to it as poeslbl, Cr Bywater said for 5 or 6 months they would not have a fat eheep in the district. The working man would have to work cheaper and why starve him? Why keep food out of thecountry He moved as an amendment that they take no cstion. Not seconded. The motion was carried. From the Heathcote Borough CounciL staing thebo council is willing to unite with the M'Ivor Shire on terms agreed to at the conference of the council, with te addition that the Shire Council sell the Shire Hall and devote the proceeds towards extending and improving the Town Hall, thenecCsesty additional improvement to be paid by the Sfour new ridinga of the new shire, and the central riding (at present the Borough) to have all revenue from the Hall devoted tolts soleuae and benefit. Further, that in the event of the council agroeing to the teras asked by the Borough Council, the Shir Council to appoint a day when the council can meet the Shire Connell and ita solicito F to draw up the agreement. a Cr Hendy asked who would keep the Hall I in repair. The Secretary auld anything ,the council 7 did not agree to could 6b antsu itted to the a Borough Council with a view to more favawe able tsrms being arrived at. S In answer to Cr Begg the feeretaty sal4 he believed there would have to be gesnral elections in the four ridlngs, f amalgamation wao carried out. S Cr M'Master sad that Mr Morkhiem state there would not, O r Tahan said the Act was very obscare. There was no certainty about it, Cr Tehan would agree with first part-to amahlamate, hut that the Town Hall should become the property of the four riding* t They could tell their hall and devotethe pro Sproceeds to impnroving ihc hall, and additions aethby thu ridinga. That the rvene belong to central riding, thoy could not sanction,. but the joint lholy derive revenue therefrom. SThey would ha Rvto rep:ir it. He thought a malgaimatin would be a great advantage io. l both borough ain shire. It would remove any ill-feeling, facilitate husiness, and make i- the people more united. Cr )MPMaster moved they accept what they h were asked to agree to, that they amalgamate, ' ie ani sell the Shire Hall, and devote the pro , d ceeds to Improving and extending the Towd; 7. It Hall, He thought the central riding woai ld d be quite entitled to the proceeds from h ,all .y The different ridings get license ee, fe?. i r. thought it best not to throw obataoles iti L the way of amalgamation and moyoed they. d accept the terms submitted to them, CrH1ll seconded the motion, fe tloughbt a. amalgamation would be a great benefit in, to directly if not direotly. That the cental sr riding should bave the revenne from the hall, They have a piano, and the revenue 10 is derived principally through It, but he thought it only right the central riding to should keep the hall in repair as regards furniture and so on, as the furniture would 10 be injured more by concarts than by their d meetings. 7 Or Hendy agreed with that. Or M'Mastdr said they have to keep this it hall in repair. They pay for lin.'lentm&c.;, anid he would leave that as an after question.. re He would let what was required in toture staud over for future councillon, They were ie outside questiona that only retard ther amalgamatoln. With regard to a statement h that they wanted to give away the commoo, id bhe woula say it was one of the thiogs he would like to conserve for the Beathcote lo people. ig OC Bywater thought amalgamation wotl4 re e a benefit nll round. The Town Hall was B, built for many year for the use of the public. ie If they joined the Borough the Town Hall d would be used for thbo same prpose. 80 did not see they bhould give one aelpentc. i- Their hall was there,and why take the rats payers' money? He proposed to join v. quarters free and everything else. Why sell this hall and lay the money out on the Town ia Hall for offices. e was willing to amallga re mate free and give the hall and thaland and a do what they like afterwards.. It was stated that that was the motion. t Cr Chambers said he was not in faorr of' extending the Town Hall, but to. put up . oflioea. It Or M'Masler would add to tha mnoon that y. extension means offices for the use of the un corporate bodies. Or Begg said he Intended to oppose the aa part in reference to the revenue, bat it the g, central riding keep the Hall in repair he would not oppose it. a, Or Tehauthought itonly fair for the central at riding to maintain ts hall in repair. They :e would have the responalbility in ease of fire. in Mr Asher said he was not representing the y, Borough Council, but he was there s a to ratepayer interested. He was suro the rt Borough Council If they amalgamated wouol u. not take thI revenue derived from the hall a and use it for any outside purpose, but they p, would maintain all furnituae and oflcec, to The extention referred to meant additional oftfces. That it extenaion of the ball itself sa were desired at any time the ridings to sha8r to alike in the oxpensee. After paying for to cleaning and lighting the hall. &i;,, it would only leave about 10i or about £2 for each o iding. IIo wac sure the Iorough Conell Be would raise no obstacle to that part of the ir clause. The President thought the central riding a entitledl to the revenue derived in it, bat it should keep the hall in repair. e Or Hill quite agreed with Or Asher, and it :y the whole council were of the same opinion ot there would be no difficulty, ln bringing about amalgamation. The President sald he would not ask the central riding to keep the building in repair, * only the fornltnre. This wa inoluded in the s motion, which was carried unanlmously,t loS* Borough to fix the date of the meeting. ... C Or BCgg moved that the standing counnli.. e be askeif, in the event of amalgamation there'' cc .will have to be an election of the whole'. lo councll in August. Seconded by Cr Hill.. id Ca'rried, it to bh stated there :. to ba no. it chango of boundary. From Publlo Health Department, re . polution of streams and reservoirs or sources f water supply ; that the codncilshould see into the matter,- . .. . Or M'Master moved thoe constable be ankea to report on the.ia5sitary eondition of thdo Costortleld resdtvbir. Mr Cunningham stated that cattle, horces, and goats were in the enclosure every day. Or M'Mastor would add to the motion that tbh caretaker have power to repair the fence, Seconded by Or Bywater. Carried. Frdm H. Harrington, asking for progress payment on one contract, and time on another to finish grubbing. Cr Tehan said the footbridge was in the contract, and in wet weather children cannot get to school. In answer to Cr Tohan the secretary said It would take 3 or 4 months to finish the con. traiQat the rate it is progressing now. Or Tchan moved the contractor be re. quested to pet men on and proceed with the contract within the month on the Ilia-Min and Sandhurst road, failing this fresh tenders to be called for. Seconded by Lr Chambers. Carried. From J. Uamllton, calling attention to the Pound Board, which requires painting, Or Begg moved the engineer have board painted. Beconded by Or Tehan. Carried. From P. Duun, re necessity of appointing an analyst. To stand over for further conasleration. From the Govt. Statist, acknowledging receipt of certain returns. From -. Brennan, calling attention to bad state of road between his place and Mr Palling's property. Or Hendy moved about 80s be spent on it. Seconded by the President, and carried, Or M'Master said he looked in the Mel. bourne papers for news from this district bat seldom saw any. It was an extensive district and should receive more notice. He irveemff' Bi ideath in the paper, Cr Hill-It was in the "Argue,' Any thing important cocuirtug in the district is pat in the " Argus," Cr Bendy-1 sawr it in the " Argus.' Cr M'Master said he tookthe " Age." The " Age" bad an extensive circulation in the district, and he moved the Secretary write to the editor of that paper and ask that a special correspondent be appointed for this district. Seconded by Cr Hill, and carried. PETITIONS. Prom ratepayers 8. W. Riding, asking the council to erect a culvert at Blackburn's, on J road between Glenhope East and Mia.Mia. Or Chambers said they would have to res cind the motion relative to the crossing. The crossing had been repaired 3 or 4 times. I It backs the water on to Blackburn's property.' Or Telan said conei3oring the amount of traffi on the road the crossing was sfllcient. it was a very good one. Ho moved previously for report on a crossingin another place.-Petition received. From ratepayors, Costarfield, relative to I the unworkable state of the pump, that the gate was locked, and the bad condition of the gate, and the necessity of a new post in the fence at the reservoir. Cr M'Master moved the Engineer have the wort done as soon as possible. Seconded by the President and carried, Cr Hill thought this a bad precedent. Rate. payers in another corner of the riding may ay they have no water and ask the council o get it for them. Cr M'Master said the counrll supplied the lam end pump, and fenced it in. Or Bywater said they were only asked o keep it in order. Mr Cunningham said the fence was down nd the gate was locked. A now pump as equired, and the present pannel shortened Ind small gate put up. In reply to the President, Mr Cunningham tatad if the pump was in order there would s no need to get in the enclosure at all. I rhe pump could be worked from the plat orm. The President moved the attention of the taretaker be oailed to tne matter, with a equest that he look after the reservoir. leconded by Or MI'Master and carried. From ratepayers, Costerfield, calling ittention to the necessity of a railing on the P iridgo over a deep drain, and' that on the 0 nad cleared to Sandy Creek, a figer post be I iut at th5 junction of the two roads. The President said the dam was very 0 nlagerous. i Or M'Master moved that hand rails be put a' in the bridge. Seconded by the President rd carried. a TENDER. C Works Bandhurst ,road,-Chedoy - and b lowden's at £80 ll 6d acneptedi, on the lotion of . Or Begg, seconded by Or lywater, Works Old Antimony roal.--L. Merower's t L2 6s d accepted on the motion of the 'resident. seconded Iy Cr Bywater. Works . nearR .JRnes's.-P. Sheedy's at 15 10s cop'fd, on the motion of Cr Begg oconded by r Tehlan Works on' ooborao and Graytown rond,- r '. Norris's at L27 16s accepted, on the aotion of the President, seRnded by Or lendyt. " Bridge, Majors Creek, near Or (hambJrs'a iaddock,-J. Oannally's a £110 naccepted, n the motion of the President seconded by 3r Hendy, Works, Tooborne and Sugar Loaf road, ?resh tenders to be called on the motion of Jr M'Master seconded by Cr Hendy, tentlders ;onsideyed too high. Works, Lower Costerfield road.--. E. yons's at 1.9l 15s accepted, on the motion i it Or M'Master s'cnndred by Cr Houlty. Works, Mitchelli Creek,-W. Jolhson's at t 4118 4o accepted, on the motion of the Preld f lent seconded by Or Hendy, Bridge, Goodall's Creek.-Cr Tehan moved 1 rod Or Bywater secondled J. Flce'a be ac. J oepted at L102, Cr Chambners thought the ( jost of the bridge too high, and moved fresh tenders be called, cost not to eceod L75. ( Seconded by Or Hill and carried, Cr Tehan withdrawing his motion. Works, Franklyn's Lane,-J. Evan's at L74 as 4d, the only tender, accepted, on the ( [notion of Cr Hill seconded by Cr Tehatn. Works near Meacalfe's, Glenhbopo.-O. Rowe's at LI0 3s 4td acceptdil on the motion a of Or Chambers secoundaed by Cr Hill. Works in LXane near M'Kindliy's.--P. lehlr's, at L39 lbs, the only tender, accepted I on the motion of Cr Tehaln aseouded by Or Ohambers. Works near Murphy'a.--U. T, yre's ao. nepted, at L2 5at. on the motion of Or Tehau seconded by Cr Hill, who stated he reqeested Lacoy junr. to put a block in the bridge. It was stated this was done. Work's, Kennedtly's Lane.-Or Chambers moved fresh tenders be called. Sheconded by Cr Hill and carrie:l, tendter in constlered too high. Cr Tehan in reference to bridge proposed on Road near Kilroys, said theycould not undertake to erect the bridge, and moved the erossing be repaired. ,. The Enginear said it was in hiA report. Tbo Engiheer read hln report.-Received. The Engineer said the crosslag would coat about L8, and a good bridge about LS00. Or Chambers said a hose- was drowned there, and some of the butter that was in the cart was carried down to Axedale. IIe supported the erection of a bridge 10 years ago. He moved the Engineer prepare plans and specifications and call for tenders for a bridge at the July meeting. Seconded by Cr Tehan. In reply to a question the Engineer said \- bridge could be erected for LI60. Mr Klroy nrged the erection of the bridge soon t- that it was dry now, and that more sonoy had gone down the crock that had been spent on the orossing, than would have bllt tho bridge. Tho motion was carried, Cr'Hendy moved the Engineer call for tenders for a footbridge between Mac. pherson's and Wratball' paddock to cost 1? 10s, Secondad by the President and carried. Cr 'fchan stt?d ttlat' s cof the girderf in tbh Wild Ditck lrildgel:. hallmost eiven way. The Engineer said tbh bridlgKe as not sfoi that several of the girders had rotted, Cr Tehan sunggested the Engineer examine the bridge, and tuoggestetl stys. He inoe4 the Engineer take somo atilon to rendert the..bridge safe. Secoalod by Or Cbhmbsra and carried. CrVC.bsmbers morvl call for tcndea for i ' .... w. orks near Andrew s and Lyons's. Seconded n by Cr Tehan and carried. Cr' Chambers-' moved tenders be .alled for repairs ,to road between th . Kyneton Sroand aRd Lyons'n gate. 'Sceoided by Cr Hill and carried, Cr Bvwater calle.i attention to the ad. ditions to the works at Knoweley; that ha and his colleagues and Engineer had in spected. The Engineer said it was included in the cetaimnte, The President moved rails be put on the bridge near Bradley's on the Hleathcote and Coaterlield road, seconded by Or lendy and carried, Cr Begg moved the crossing near Whitlock's be repaired at coat notexceeding L, second ed by Or Bywater and carried. Cr Begg moved that the matter of the footbridge near Newton's stand over for the present, seconded by Cr Bywateratld carried. Cr Begg called attention to the neesseite of repairing 2 crossings on the Rcdeastle road. Cr Chambers moved Cr Begg be anthorlsed to have the work done, Seconded by the President and carried. Cr Bywater moved the broken plank in M'Nett's bridge be replaced, Seconded by the President and carried. The President mentioned that Schofield's Lane was in a bad state. Cr Bywater raid he understood 2 crossings were let in the lane, The Engineer said he reported on them, but they were cut out. Cr Bywater moved the Engineer inspect and call for tenders for the crossings, cost not to exceed L16.' Seconded by Cr Begg and carried, Or Begg moved the Engineer prepare a tracing showing the roa.l leading from Staffordshire Flat to Coatorfield, the road on the wenst side, leading by Evans's. Seconded by the President and carried. The treasurer reported the receipt of rates L9 IOs from Mr Palling; fees from M'Ivor Creek Pound, 8s 2d; and from the Treasary, subsidy ro Sandy Creek bridge, L450 d?. Total L470 6a 2d. FaNANCE, The ollowing accounts were parned for payment 0\. Harrle, 5 ; P. Norrls, £8 1IC 4d ; J. O'IBn, £4 Its 8d ; J. Evans, £20 6s d ; J. WM'Ior, £L S: Mrs J. Rowan, IA ; Chan. Young 7a ad; E. Yemm, La ; W. Johnson, Li 1O ; P. Cnannlnglmmn, 4(s; n, neyeon, 19 ; o. T. ILyra, Las ;s It. Harriungton ie : T. PattersoNn, L12 ; J. LaePy, Le lie Od C H. Wallaee, re. 8d ; J. Aitkan., I0 ; Chcdzoy & Bowdon, L51 la ; T, Nolan, LS; J. Fleo. I,80 ; R. Cox, 10s; B. W. Tranter, Li; J. James, 6s ; N. Ingham, 10a; W. Maher, 7as 6; 2' Russell, Li 6i Elngineer & Secretary, L9 S9a Od Petty Cash.l 14si 24 ; T. Dwyor, Li6; ii. I. Paling, Lit ; Bondigo IPottery Co,, LiO 10s Discharged Prisoners'Aid Society, LI Is; W, Perkinson, eao; Railway freight on pipes, L b?;: G. W. oblinaon, Li14 ls Od: Estate J. Fary, L4 lies ; Coastable Dwyer, for asalsatnce ofl amen at busl dro, 15s A number of contractor's auposita were also passed for payment. During the meeting the Couocil resolved itself into a special meeting to strike a general rate. The secretary read the statement showing tho net annual value of property in the shire as reported by the valuers, to be £29,258 lIs, namely, 1. Riding, £8828 10s ; S. IV. Riding, £10457; N. W, Riding, £10,168 5s, upon which a rateof one shilling in the £ would produce £1462 13s 9d, namely E. Riding £431 8s 6d ; S. W. Riding, £522 17a ; N, W. Riding, £508 88 Sd. Cr Hill moved the valuation be adopted. Seconded by Cr Tehban and carried. The Secretary read the estimate of receipts and expenditure, the grand total of receipts being L3,786 1s 10d, this included endow. most on rates L800, equivalent on pub licans' licenses L219, &c;, In the eatimates of expenditure, after paying all ordinary expenses such as salaries of 9 officers, office expenses, painting, stationery, donations, audit charges, election expenses, and interest, a balance will ho left for public works of 1L2896 1is led, including TAGO from the Water Supply Department for the Sandy Creek andl Mitchell's Creek bridge, namely, E. Riding Li070, S. W. Riding 1090, N, W. Riding L746 13 104, The E. Riding is to get (t200 for works near Sataly Creek bridge. But the works already let in the N.W. Riding will take np the available amount, and after paying for works let, there will be small Raims left for works in the E, and 8 IV. Ridings. It was stated some contracts had been let over 12 months and not yet completed, and it was considered the council sbould be stricter with the contractors. Or Bywater moved the estimatei of receipts and expenditure hbodopted, Seconded 'by Cr Iill andt carried. Or lIill then moved a rate of is i the LI be struck, anld alessrs Dwvyer and Palling be appointed to collect the ratae, tihe rate due on 8th Felbruary. Seconded by Cr Tehan anti carried, Constable Dwyer again came in for praise for assistance rendered by him at a bushfire (the tire at the Old Antimony). The President and Crs Hendy and Tehan speaking in high terms of him, and Cr Tehan referring to him as a valuable officer. In reference to hashfires, Or lill spoke of the danger of people using inferior phos. phorisei wheat. Or Tehan also spokoon the sullaject referring ro the damage a person might inflict on his neighbors by so doing. 