Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; There is very little of change to report in the weather of this month. Extreme heat and dryness are the ruling features ; but at the commencement of this week manyparts of the North andNorth-west were moistened through the effects of a thunderstorm. Armidale, Glen bines, Tenterfield, Inverell, Maclean, each received about £in. of rain. Gunnedah had 43 points, Moree 86, Warialda 192, and Yetman 74. These showers must do great service. Regarding the colony as a whole, however, it would appear as if the usual February rains will not come during the present year. The mornings lately have threatened rain, but towards noon the clouds clear away. This is the kind of weather which usher ; in Australian droughts. BINGARA, Febbuaby 15. f . Stock passings: February 12: 112 head mixed cattle, Bonneguy to Laura, Baker Brothers owners, G. Beisley in charge. February 14 : 555 mixed sheep from Manilla to Asliford, W. T. Langworthy owner, L. M'Donald in charge. February 15 : 1400 mixed sheep from Drilldool to Keera, T. Cook and Co. owners, A. W. H. Bull in charge. KEMPSEY, Febbttaby 13. A trip over the country has shown that the estimate made of the maize crop in our last is nearly correct, but the excessively low price now obtained is throwing a gloom over the prospects of our farmers. Their only hope appears to lie in using as much of their produce to feed for butter and bacon as possible, and thus folio jv the example of the American agri culturists. It is surprising that our people have not seen the necessity for this course long ago, having in reality only one market, Sydney. A few of our settlers wll this year be able to say whether tobacco and chiory will be profitable crops. It has been known for the past 20 years that tobacco -leaf of a good quality can be grown, but the item of labour has not been considered. Chicory has been grown, but the root;, when exhibited, were so much forked that it was clear the growers did not understand that kind of cultivation. All that was proved was that the root could be produced and of good quality had the soil had deep cultivation and been well pul T€r6cd* MUDGEE, Febbuabt 14. The weather has been fearfully hot and sultry. The maize crops on the river and creek flats look re markably well. Some of the farmers say that never before did they have such a promise of good crops. On the other hand, the crops on the elevated lands look very miserable, and much of them will have to go for stock fodder. A good downfall of rain is anxiously looked for, as it will do a vast amount of good just now. The pasture is drying up, and bushfires are again commencing. Water is disappearing rapidly, and, strange to say, in one or two places in the dis trict springs are flowing more freely than usual. This, it is said, they always do when a long spell of dry weather is at hand. TAMWORTH, Febbttaby 15. A fall of 167 points of rain on Wednesday last has freshened up the country in the vicinity of the town, but unfortunately the storm only covered a limited area. Farmers are commencing to prepare their land for the ensuing year's sowing, and urgently need rain. 