COUNTRY NEWS. CASTLEMAINE, SUNDAY. A good deal of damage has been done by bush fires recently in the Sutton Grange district. On Friday and yesterday a fire occurred on the property at Faraday belong- ing to Mr. E. Purches, of Chewton. A large quantity of grass and fencing, was destroyed. To-day a serious fire has been racing on Mr. Pattison's property at Sutton Grange. The fire is still burning this evening, and a large number of persons are using strenuous efforts to subdue the conflagration. The grass pad- docks have been devastated, and it is feared that the Breadalbane Estate will be damaged considerably before the fire is extinguished. Dust storms of unusual violence occurred here yesterday, but no damage is reported to have been caused thereby. COLAC, S aturday A sad fatal accident occurred in the Otway Forest about 12 miles from here, on Thurs-day last the victim being, a young man named G R Fawcett. Deceased and two young men named Foster were driving along the main road to Apollo Bay, and in going over a sapling Fawcett was jolted out of the vehicle, falling upon his head and shoulders He sustained such injuries that it became neeesanry to bring him to the Colac Hospital, where he lingered till New years Day, expiring about noon. The inquiry was held to-day by Sir George Scott, J P , when the medical testimony was to the effect that the spinal cord had been injured by the fall, and a verdict of accidental death was re- turned III-ALI SVILLT, Swuiid ur An aboriginal, named Charles Cable, aged 05 years while throwing a boomeiung at Coran derrk on Thursday last, «vas tuleen suddenl) ill, and died in about tw o minutes afterwards lhe post mot ¿em examination by Di Baird showed that tha cause of death was fatty degeneration of the heurt I«.yNI_rOV, SATuapAT Mr T A Heed, the local postmaster, died this morning very suddenly Ho has not been m îobust health sinco ho carno to Kyneton upwards of t«vo years ago, but wns m his usual degree of health and out «vnlking lnste«ening Mra Heed and her family (a son and daughter) aro absent enjoj ing their hohda)B Mr lleed had an apoplectic seizure He u as B4 years of age and lind been mnny«oaisin tho postal sor«ice ut Hayles ford, Stan eil andothei to«vns It was his intention to havo retired from the service this your KOnOir Sum)A\ News was recciicd by tnlcgriph that tho Minister of A.ricillture uni Sir lirynn 0 Loi'hlen would uri ive to inspi et the butter taotory at 9 o clock on Ne«« Years Da« The mayor bia ollieera and the counoillora, with the chairman and the directors of the butter factory, nil assembled torccene the ¿nests Although the dny nnsahohdny the niaolnnery ««us set to work for mapee tion by the expected « iBitors, and the cool chamber was put down to the frec-ing point 'I lu party ivaited o\ir two hours, but there w as no appearance of the promised v îsitors Much dissatisfaction has been cuu.cd in the district by this failuie to keep the engage ment PORT 1AIRY, SiTunrni A senous acoidmt happened jistcrdny A Sunday school picnic was returning home when a horse druin by the Ile« Mt Broivn, Wesleyitn mnnstei, of Voit 1 airy, bolted, up setting the buggj, ««Inch wus full of people Mrs Bro«« u sustained serious injuries to her head Mr Drown was kicked ni the mouth by the horse Mrs 1 arlu waa badly hurt, and several others weie more or less m jured Happily, no futahties ure antill pated A heavy gale from the «vestís bloiving, nnd the sea is tunning mountains luth along the const WEDDERBURN, Saturday A woman aged 32, the wife of Harry Timms living on the Inglewood road, died suddenly yesterday. An inquest was held to day before Mr Greene, P M , and a jury of five. Dr M'Vean who had made a post mortem examination, deposed that death had resulted from alcoholic poisoning. Further evidence showed that the deceased had since Christmas Eve been drinking colonial wine at the rate of three bottles a day. WODONGA, S«T-ium Bush lues are raging on the ranges in the neighboiiihood of kicun, destroying (i good deni of grass and timber So far hone«er, the lo»s »l fencing has not been great During la_t mght una this morning the «void changed and a terrille «vcBlerly gale has been blowing, winch will hate tlio cftiit of funning the Humes 