TOWN TALK. The following howb matter appears on tlio fourth page:—Commercial, Meredith News. The Anatomy of Suicide, Mr Muuro and his I Opponents,' Tho War of 1892, Shocking "Wife | Murder, Railway Projects of tho Government., Special Cablegrams, Correspondence (An Anomaly, Tonic Sol-fa, A Political Plat form). • We understand that notwithstanding tho generous promises of support accorded to Mr | Williams Sommers in tho matter of his pro posed candidature for tho vacant scat for Geolong, ;he has been compelled by business I considerations to decline the honor. ' The Tall Jfalt Urnhjel of January 14th gives i a sketch portrait of the new Agent-General | for yictoria, and says "The: hon. James Munro, tho Premier of Victoria, who has just been appointed to the Agent-General ship of London, will not set the Thamcs"on fire, but he is a level-headed man with 110 ' side,' nnd ought'to do good practical servico for the country of his adoption." The many friends . of • the , Rev. Francis Hopkins will regret to learn that intelligence of his death was received by yesterday'smnil. He died on the.19th December, after an ill ness of fonr months, at St. Patrick's Rectory, Trim, Ireland. Mr Hopkins was universally esteomed nnd respected by all who knew him during his ten years' incumbency of All Saints', Newtown. He was appointed to that | parish by Bishop Perry, nnd it was mainly owing to his exertions that the present church was built. On returning home he was elected I rector of Trim, one of the most lucrative | livings in the Irish Church. An extensive insolvency schedule was filed before Mr G. Read Murphy, chief clerk, yesterday, the liabilities in the estate amount ing to nearly £20,000. The parties who have been obliged to voluntarily seek seques tration are Messrs Michael and Joseph Ward, of Meredith, graziers. Their liabilities are set down at £18,300 14s 5d, and the assets at £24,074 13s 11d, leaving a surplus of £5773 19s 6d. The causes of insolvency are stated to be pressure of creditors, loss in stock, bad debts, and depreciation in the value of real estate. The principal secured creditor in the estate is the London Chartered Bank, which holds a mortgage of £12,325 upon property valued by the insolvents at £25,000. The unsecured debts amount to £5665 10s 5d. The official assignee in the estate is Mr C. J. Mead. Destroying rabbits by distributing grain | prepared in phosphorus lias been for years complained of as a source of danger in tho country districts owing to the large bushfires I which have Irom time to time originated in | localities where the preparations have been laid. Writing on tho subject to one of tho metropolitan papers, Mr H. W. Potts, chemist of Euroa says:—" In view of the numerous and devastating bush fires that are daily breaking out in this neighbourhood, I think it high time the attention of tho Agri cultural department should be directed to what appears to be one of the principal causes, viz., the laying of phosphorus in a dangerous form as a rabbit poiscn under im perative instructions from tho Government rabbit inspector. The formula issued by the | inspector to the farmers for making phos pliorised pollard is a dangerous one. No matter how careful the manipulation in its admixture, any heat over 110 dcg. we know, as a fact, is liable to ignite tho compound. During this hot weather sun licat is daily over that temperature. The indiscriminate | laying of phosphorus is proving a standing menace and source of grave anxiety to the whole farming class in this district. There arc numerous other methods of poisining rabbits quite as effective. Fliosphorised wheat as made by the patent process is perfectly rnfe." From inquiries made last evening wo learn that tho victims of the sensational buggv accident that ocetircd in Myers-street on Sun day afternoon arc not doing as well as could be desired. Mr Pennigcr, who sustained a fracture of tho collar bone, as well as a bad bruise of the hip, was suffering severely last evening from tho shock ho received. Mr Westgarth, whose liip joint was fractured, passed a very bad night, and his condition i3 such as to cause consider able anxiety to his friends, for being advanced in years the shock he sustained through being suddenly capsized from tho buggy to the roadway tells more seriously upon liim. The patients arc under the care of Drs. Crokor and Mueller. An exceedingly pleasant time was passed yesterday at Qucenscliff by tho scholars at tending the Sunday School connected with All Saints' Church, Newtown, on the oc casion of their annual picnic. The excur- | sionists to the number of about 200, including friends of tho scholars, were conveyed to the 'Cliff by a special train from Geolong. Tho picnic party located themselves in the reserve near tho batteries and tho sen, and varied the day's proceedings by an indulgence in ] tho out-of-door athletic sports provided and well arranged by the Rev. H. Kelly, incum bent of All Saints' Church, and agreeable excursions along the shores by the Heads. Tho different sights of interest, at the 'Cliff were well patronised, and Point Lonsdale had its attractions for many of the visitors. The special train brought the picnickers back to Geelong shortly before eight otclock. To-day tlie butchers of G colony mid suburbs will hold their annual picnic, the musters proceeding to Bunvon Heads, mid the employes by special train to Ballarat. Tlio master butchers arc to carry out their gather ing in splendid style, and have engaged six large drags from Cobb and Co. ("Western Stage Co.) in Malop-street for the conveyance of their party to the sea coast. There will be four horse teams attached to three of the drags, the other conveyances being furnished with three horse or unicorn teams. The excursionists to Barwon Heads, who will bo catered for by the Coffee Palace Company, will start from the Exhibition llall in Moora bool-stroct at 8.30 a.m. An interesting debate upon the relative value to Australia of education and com mercial enterprise occupied the attention of the members of the Geelong Mutual Improve ment Association at their meeting on Monday evening. Tlio speakers were Messrs Creer, Cheshire, Westacott, Hash, Hendy, Hankin, Valland, and Browntiill; and the decision of tlio majority was in favor of education, though the difficulty of separating the claims of each was mentioned by some of tho mem bers. The will of the late Itobert Brooks, of Maude-street,Geelong, retired school teacher, has been filed for probate. Hi died on the 9tli January, 1S92, and tho will was executed on tho previous day. He leaves his property to bis wife, Mary, Ann ' Brooks, and his adopted daughter, known ns Bessie Brooks. Heal estate, £200 ; personal estate, £S79; total, £1079 Tho animal picnic of tho scholars attend ing the Suuday school connected with St. George's Presbyterian Church took place yesterday, when about 130 of tho scholars mid their friends were conveyed to Barwon Heads in one of Cobb and Cu.'s large ■ drags drawn by four horses, three of Mr Cuttriss' furniture vans, and several private vehicles. Avery pleasant outing by tho seaside was enjoyed by the picnickers, cricket and oilier outdoor pastimes being merrily indulged In. The pastor of tho church, tho Bev. J. G-. Dairies, and teachers of the school ably assisted in promoting tho pleasures of tho day, and tlio catering arrangements in the reserve near, the Coffee Palaco wcro well carried out, Mr Dungey, manager of the company's promises at Barwon Heads, lend ing mateiial aid in tho samo dirention. The I excursionists started on the return journoy at a quarter to 7 o'clock in tho evening, and ar rived home safely at 9 o'clock thoroughly satisfied with the pleasurable picnic by tiic sea. At an oarly hour yesterday morning Mr G. Aslimore, tho officer in eliargc of tho Gee long fire brigade station,. was aroused from his slumbers by tho ringing of - tho electric alarm hell. On consulting tho indicator system connected witli the street fire alarms lio discovered that No. 3 shutter had dropped down, showing that the alarm had been re ceived from the apparatus at tho corner of Ghcringhap ;and M'Killop streets. : In'view of tlio .many '.'wild goose" errands upon which the firemen liuvo, been sent through'., fulso ]« ahinus , he had the thoiiglitfuluess to ascend the tower and look out for an indication of a fire heforo culling out the men by ringing the big hoU, No reflection of a flro was anywliero observable, but to make assuratico tloubly sure he tele phoned to Mr Taylor, who resides near the alarm box referred to. On proceeding to the locality Mr Taylor found that the glass of the alarm had been.brokcn, and lying beneatli. it was*a belated ." boozer," who .had presum ably unintentionally jpycn the ^larm_.whilp_ "cliugihg for support to the post to which the apparatus is affixed. " Yesterday-."the "scholars "• "attending • tlio Baptist Sunday school at tlio Breakwater, a branch of the Aberdeen-street Baptist Sunday school, held their annual picnic at Bream Creek. The party, consisting of between 70 and 80 children and adult'friends,"was"con voyed to the Creek in one of Cobb and _ Co.'s drags drawn by three liorscs, the Spirit of the Ago, drawn by fonr horses supplied by Messrs Bannister and Blakiston, and a couple I of private vehicles. Tho arrangements mado lor tho eutcrtamment of: tlie excursionists were most complete, Mr and Mrs Frank Hawortli taking a spirited interest in pro viding for the general enjoyment. A variety of field sports attracted the attention of the young pcoplo, the prizes ■ being : principally supplied by Mr and Sirs Ha worth. The day's amusement on tlio coast was one of a delightful character, and "tho pleasure seekers were safely landed at. the Break water township at oight o'clock in tlio evening. " ' On Saturday (says the .Colac Reformer) a very serious conflagration Jwas narrowly averted at "Wool Wool, tlio damage done, though in itself extensive, being inconsider able in comparison with what might, have occurred but for numerous willing workers, who kept the fire within bounds. Mr Mur ray was absent at Bceac at tlio time, and tho fire seems to have broken out' in some incon ceivable manner,5 with the result that about 100 acres of grass were destroyed. About 70 fire-figbteis quickly assembled;, and by dint'of bard work succeeded in preventing the tiro spreading into Balintore.; No fences were destroyed, tho only loss 'suffered being the destruction of the.rich grass with which the area referred to was clothed. "In the six States of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgin, Alabama. Mississippi; and Eouisiana, arc 815,000 white votors and 852,000 voters.of African blocd, of whom 111,000 "whites and 683,000 colored aro illiterate—tho greater portion densely ignor ant ; still the votes of these illiterates count the same as tlio votes of the most intelligent in the gscore of numbers, relatively. As thingsare.it is possible that tho ignor ant of the State may become tho rulers of the State. It is measurably so already, aud it has had actual demonstration in some of the States, "oven in the great Empire State, whoso chief city—the most populous in America—is notoriously carried in elections every year by tho votes of the illiterate aud ignorant, marshalled by corrupt Tammany, and led or driven to the polls liko hounds in the leash or liogs to slaughter in Chicago. Tho Parliamentary Railway Committeo left Mildura per steamer Pearl at midnight on Saturday, expecting to reach Melbourne via Adelaide by Tuesday. Before closing tlieir sitting on Saturday night they took the evidence of Mr G. R. Chaffcy, who stated that the laud sold in Mildura settlement to date was 16,000 acres, the purchasers being mostly young men, and a large proportion from England. A holding of 20 acres, if cleared by the owner, would givo sufficient returns to keep him and his family in good circumstances. In answer to questions he said from his knowledge of the country between Mildura and "Warracknabeal that, though it was of excellent quality, it could not be successfully taken up unless h railway was built. About £2000 per mile would bo a faircost for a lino without stations or fenc ing. On being asked by the chairman if his company would bo prepared to undertake the job, Mr Cliaifcy said lie was not in a position to saj- yes or no. but if tho Government ad vanced tho money at £2000 per mile he be lieved his company would favorably entertain the idea, and bo prepared to guarantee 1 per cent, oil the amount for a number of years. In the course of a speech to his Colliug wood constituents on Monday evening, Mr Hancock asked: " AYas it not nearly time that Sir Graham Berry came out with his programme 'i If he would finish tho good work he had begun many years ago, there was time for him to secure a brilliant termin ation to his career. (Hear, hear) But at the present time he was in very bad com pany. He hoped he had not becu spoiled . by his liuighthood and his residence in Eondon. He did not believe in a man waiting to see which way the cat jumped. Sir Graham should loll tlicm in a word whethor lie was a true democrat still—(lie is not)—and let them know whether ho was tho Graham Berry of 1S77 or of 1892. Ail looked to him as a great friend or a formidable foe, aud it was time he declarcdjhimsclf." Referring to tho Melbourne Town Hall demonstration against Mr Munro, the Xhiitg Telegraph says :—" Up to tho present there lias not been a scintilla of reason advanced why Mr Munro would not serve us well and honorably as Agent- General, or why his right to that position is less than that of any other public man in the community. The promoters of last night's demonstration can hardly suppose that Mr Sliiels will play a base and traitorous part towards his former chief, or that the Governor is likely to act contrary to the advice of his responsible Ministers. Men who entertained a real re gard for the credit of tho colony would cer tainly have abstained from an attempt to dis credit the man who has been selected to represent us in Eondon. A more ill- timed ut-d niiscliiovious demonstration than that made last night could hardly bo imagined.' The programmo of the Invcrleigli races to | tako plnce on Easter Monday, is published in our advertising columns. A mooting of the members of tho Connowarre Yacht Club wilt be held in tho Young Queen Hotel at South Gecloug this evening, when tho prizes won at the regatta in December will be distributed. Tenders for a number of works aro invited by the Geclong corporation, particulars of which are furnished in our advertising columns. _ This evening " Thrco months at sea" is the title of a lecture to be delivered in tho Aberdeen- | street Baptist Church by the Row \V. J. Eddv. 