Local and General. ——♦—— CRICKET. — Ivanhoes (2nd 11) v. Kelso (2nd 11.)— The following will play for the Ivanhoes in a match against Kelso, on Satur- day : — J. Carpenter, W. Tinsley, Lamont, Piper, Churches, Fordham, Seymour, New- man, Turner, Hawke, R. Gartrell, W. Gartrell (12). POLICE. — One drunk, a stranger in town, was locked up last night, but having recovered sufficiently by 6 o'clock this morning to be released he paid a deposit of £2 and was granted his liberty until the court sat. The bench (the police magistrate and Mr. W. Mackay. J.P.) discharged him when he was brought up. FIRES IN THE WEST. — A wire from Molong on Wednesday says : — The bush- fires near the town burnt themselves out after burning miles of country. A thunderstorm passed over to-day, but missed the town. Reports from beyond Cumnock state that a large bush fire there last week was started by lightning. DEATH OF PADDY DOYLE. — Paddy Doyle, the well-known aboriginal pedestrian, and formerly tracker in connection with the Bathurst police force, died the other day in the Sydney Hospital. After he went to Sydney he gave way to the cup which under- mines the health and brings to death men of far stronger frame than was Paddy. SUFFERING A RECOVERY. — John O'Don- nell was arrested on New Year's Day for drunkenness, and as he was suffering severely from the effects of drink the Bench remanded him for a week for medical attendance. This morning the doctor certified that he was fit to be discharged, and he was therefore set at liberty. GOLD AND TIN DISCOVERY. — A late wire from Brisbane says : — A man named Watts, who has been prospecting in the Blackall Ranges, near Brisbane, has reported to the Minister for Mines that he has discovered payable gold. The Minister has instructed the warden at Gympie to report on the matter, as also upon the matter of an alleged discovery of stream tin in the same locality, splendid specimens of which have been for- warded to the Mines Department. " THE VALE STAR." — The Christmas number of this manuscript journal has reached us, and we must congratulate the joint editresses — Miss Annie Furness and Miss Ada L. Mutton — upon the excellence of its get up. The contents are varied, instructive, and interesting, and the members of the Perth Mutual Improvement and Debating Society, whose organ it is, must feel proud of their well written representative. The title page is one of the neatest little bits of artistic pen work that we have seen for some time. THE AGRICULTURAL GAZETTE. — The November number of this periodical is to hand, and we advise every reader of the Free Press who is interested in pastoral or agri- cultural work to send for a copy. Some most instructive papers are given, being from the pens chiefly of specialists or experts One of the best papers in the number is by Mr. Van Weenen, in which the subject of sheep judging by points is dealt with in a masterly manner. The Director of Agriculture also supplies a valuable paper on " Dried Blood as a Manure," and the botanist of the depart- ment a paper on the grasses of New South Wales and a paper on new commercial crops, each of which is illustrated. THE "TAKEALL." — In connection with a paragraph on this subject which appeared in the September issue of the Agri- cultural Gazette, the following letter has been received from Mr. W. J Holland, Price P.O., S. Australia : — " Re take-all in wheat, (1st) it is not poverty of soil ; (2nd) a change of crop will take it out of the soil, such as peas or cape oats. Sow wheat after and you will see a good crop of wheat almost like manured land, without take-all, the following year. The cause of take-all is too much matter that grows the other crops. Peas and oats do well where land is affected with take all. I have tried the above and it has been success- full. I would advise anyone to try the same." SLY "STUFF" AND THE NAVVIES. — The Molong police have known for some time that sly grog selling is frequent on the Parkes railway extension works, but they have been unable to get actual proof. On Tuesday, however, Senior-constable Atkin- son seized a horse and dray and five casks of beer on the Parkes road on suspicion of being for illicit sale. At the court on Wednesday, John Sullivan and John Meyers were charged with carrying the liquor for sale. Inspector Ford prosecuted, and Mr. Kinna, solictor, appeared for the defence. He admitted that his clients had the liquor in their possession and that they were not publicans, but he con- tended that Sullivan was an agent for Fitz- Patrick's brewery, Bathurst, and that Myers was only the carrier. He also produced a memorandum from Fitzpatrick to Sullivan to deliver the beer in question, but not saying who to. The magistrates were satisfied that the liquor was intended for "shanties," but as defendants had not been criminated the cases were dismissed. DESTROYING FISH.— Complaints are being made of the wholesale destruction of fish in the Macquarie, and the probable loss, in the near future, of the little amusement now furnished those who delight in the pastime of fishing. Numbers of dead fish have been found floating down the stream, and for a time the cause could not be discovered, but within the past few days it has been proved beyond doubt, that some persons have been wilfully destroying the fish by throwing into the water a powder which causes them to rise to the surface, dead. This habit was indulged in some years ago, but after the culprits had been discovered and cautioned they wisely re- frained from the poisoning work. One sports- man in town has offered a reward of £6 for the conviction of the offender in this instance and as the suspicion rests upon a citizen who has been heard to make a boast which tends to criminate himself, a watch has been set. Offenders against the law in this respect are liable to a fine of £20, should the offence be proved against them. 