GENERAL NEWS. ? V The following maximum shade-readings of the thermometer were registered yester day :— Darby 101, Cossack 107, Ashburton 107, Carnarvon 84, Geraldton 87, York 100, Perth 91, Fremantle 82, Bunbury 86, Albany 73, and Esperance 82. The Opposition is gradually increasing, and last night saw another addition to it in the person of Mr. T. G. Molloy. Ifiihe Speaker and Chairman of Committees are included in the list, which we think they ifairly may be, there are now eleven mem bers of the Opposition, not excepting those who sit upon the Opposition cross benches. The full list is a3 follows .—Sir J. G. Lee Steere, Messrs. Eandell, Parker, Canning, Quinlan, B. F. Sholl, H. Sholl, deHamel, E. F. Darl6l, Loton and Molloy. At the City Police to-day, W. B. Llewol lyn was fined £2 10s. and costs, or 14 days' hard labor, for assaulting Thomas Linton. James Bogue, a boy, was charged with un lawfully absenting himself from the ser vice oi Mr. E. K. Courthope, but on promising to return be was discharged lieorge Benbow was fined 20s. and costs, or 14 days, for using iusulting language to Stephen Chipper. Henry Hancock, a boy, was remanded to York for trial on a charge of stealing a horse, saddle, and bridle, value i;40, the property of W. T. Craig, of York. John Howard was committed to seven days' hard labor for the larceny of goods from the box of a former lodger at the Koyal Hotel. . 'Artisan' writes : .Now that Parliament Is in session could not the members for the city bring under the notice* of tbe Gover nment the desirableness of keeping the delivery branch of the Post Office open un til a later hour ? I have no wish for any. additional work to be imposed upon the present staff, but certainly think some con sideration should he shown to the laboring classes, whose duties will only permit of their visiting the office before it is open in the morning ©r after it has closed in the eveaing. Why cannot this branch of our Gene al Pose Office be kept open as is the case in the Eastern Colonies, where letters can be obtained up to 8 p.m. ? Even if this should necessitate the appointment of one or two additional baads, it is surely not too much to concede to the bulk of the popula tion. . : As a warning to householders not to leave their front doors open we mention an episode that lately occurred in St.George's Terrace. Mrs. Venn, wife of the Hon. the Commissioner of JEailways, -vas seated in her drawing room, playing upon the piano, with the Btreet dour opened, when she obserred a shadow; Eising and going to the door she found a disreputable looking man decamping with an article he had re moved from the hall, and jusb arrested him in time, and demanded its return. The thief complied with this request and hur riedly took his departure, but; Mrs. Venn has given his name and description to the police. Our Geraldton correspD dent wired to U3 this afternoon :— News is to hand from Mount Magnet that there was a . good fall of r.dn there yesterday week, and that the diggers were doing fairly well with allu v al. ? A correspondent at Noitbam telegraph ing thi3 afternoon says :— There is e\ery signofa thunder-stomi, the heatofthie weather being most oppressive. About fifty men have left here during the week for Yilgarn, mostly labourers. Muoh doulit still exists as to the ultimate decision of Parli ;inent on the Eailway route. It is fult here that should York be chosen the people of that town deserve every credit for the energetic manner in which they have urgi'd their claims. .The balance, of opinion here on the Harbour works is in favour of the river scheme. Wheat is coming in freely, the crops all round being much be terthan were -expected. Num bers of people are daily arriving herein e-e:-rchof land. .. In the Assemb'y, lust night, Mr. Eandell, himself a practicil engineer, and a mm thoroughly acquainted with the riv«r and harbour, in consequence or his long and Jeadin» connection with the lightering firm of Eiiidell, Knight & Co., paid a high tribute to Mr. O'Connor, the Engineerin Chief, in regard to his river scheme. The Commissioner of Crown Lauds evident ly repented him of hii indiscreet and dis paraging reference to Mr. O'Connor, at Kremantle, ou the previms evening, for he nft-pre 1 a loud '.' Hea-\ hear.' .in endorse ment of Mr. E.»ndeli's remarks. Hut this is not a sufficient amend for his extraordinary action. For a, member of the Ministry to openly sUte that he had informffd the En gin' r-in-Chief th:it -4 plan which he h id ?3 ireful iy prepared and thought out w-s 'a very pretty picture on piper ' demon strates that he, for one, has no confidence in that offiinfs skill and ability, aud to re fer to him contemptuously as 'a new prophet ' is an uiwarrautable rudeness. The least thing Sir John Forrest caa do is to disclaim any sympathy with his col leagutt'd remarks, unless Air. M'lrmion himself has the grace to express his regret for them The Commits oner should be able to recogni-e that lor a resp nsihle minist.r to thus publicly refer to a high official is a most terious uiattf r, as it is in jurious t-- him by causing the public to lose confidsnee iu his abil.ty. ' Subscriber ' writes : — '? Would you kindly give jour answer to this wager : A. b»-ts B. that the English eleven (now playing in Australia) is not a pieked team of England. B. says yes.it is, an I also, that if Gunn aud Shrewsbury were added to tho t am, it would he the best England could produce.' We hardly s.'e the sense in which the words 'picked team' are used, but in getting the eleven together an effort was made to include none bat the very best players. As it is, it is un doubtedly the strongest English team that has ever visited Australia siuce cricket has become as perfect as it is ; but no doubt as B says, had Gunn and Shrewsbury been included still further strength would have b eu added to it, and it would then probably have been the best team England could produce. The Hon. W. E. Marmion obtained a new tirle at the hand3 of Mr. De Hamel last evening, who styled him ' The Hon. the Member for Crown Lands.' Whether this was applied ironically aud was meant to infer that Mr. Marmion no longer re presented h:s constituents cannot be suid. Certain it is that he does not represent them in regard to. the Harbour Works question.. The fiton: MaUride SalouJ, M.L.C- _ of South Australia, visited the Legislative Assembly last evening, and occupied a sear on the floor of the house during the debate on Harbour Works for Fremantle. We have been requested by Mr. David Lane to remind our readers of the necessity to apply for the usual annual licenses with the least possible delay. Already bushfires have done very con siderable damage in many parts of the colony. Among the latest sufferers is Mr. Edward Barron, of the Williams, who lost nearly the whole of his standing crop of wheat, of some 20 acres. Mr. Barron may well have sympathisers in his troubles, since it is less than two years ago that he was very nearly ruined by the same cause; Eeferring to the murder of the late Mr. Waldeck, the Gullewa correspondent to the Geraldton local paper states :— ' The police have gone down with the native Minga, who speared young Waldeck. I b?lipve he made a desperate fight for it when brought to bay, and did not give in until he receiv ed o bullet or shot wound in the thigh. We are anxiously awaiting this desperado's trial, to see if Exeter Ball philanthropy will stand in the way of retributive justice, or whether common sense and the State's duty to the settlers will be recognised and the murderer sent back here to be hanged or shot P' Extra mails for Dongarra and Geraldton, for transmission per s. Flinders, will be closed at the General. Post-office at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, 19th inst. Next Saturday evening' is the date fixed, for entries to be made in connection with the Anniversary meeting of the W.l. Turf Club, to be held on the 26th instant. We understand it is the intention of the members of the Sons of Australia Benefit Society to erect a pile of buildings on their property, at the corner of Barrack and Goderich streets, similar to the structure recently erected under the supervision of Mr. H. Trigg, at the corner of Hay and Barrack streets, for Messrs. Eve3ton, Bridges and McKernan. last night as follows :— News is to hand of the arrival of the Elder Exploring Party at Mr. Townshend's Coodardy . station, on the Murchison. In a communicatioa re ceived from Mr. Lindsay he states that all the members of the expedition are in ex cellent health. He has sent a number of letters and telegrams by special messenger f r r transmission to Adelaide. In the Assembly Ia3t night, the recently elected member for Perth (Mr. T. G. Molloy) was introduced by Mr. Canning, and after taking the required oaths, took his seac on the opposition side of the House, betweeu Mr. De Hamel and Mr. Canning. The mem bers for the three principal constituencies iu the colony, are now included in Her Majesty's Opposition. Mails for Great Britain and the East, etc., aud for tbe eastern colonies, Tasmania, New Zealand, etc., and for the United States and other countries in America (conveyed via Sydney to San Francisco), tor conveyance from Albany by contract packets, will be. closed at the General Post-office to-morrow (Friday), the 15th instant. The arrangement; for the posting of late letters, etc., will be fouud among our usual mail notices appearing in another column. But one gleam of humour relieved Mr. De Hamel' e speech last evening, and that was the probability, if an ccean steamer got through the Success Bank into Owen Anchorage, that the sand might silt up, and the steamer would have to be dredged out, at tho cost of several thousands of Dounds. The prospect of such an untoward state of things caused more amusement than alatin amongst the members, but Mr. deHamel propounded the dreadful contin gency with the utmost gravity, and ' was evidently of opinion that one brief Nor' Wester would be sufficient to choke up the Success Bank. At the Fremantle Police-courb this morning, before Mr. L W. Clifton, J.P., John Murray, charged with drunkenness, was sent away with a caution. A correspondent at Carnarvon tele graphed yesterday as follows : — The natives report that the Wooramel River is running within eighty inile3 of the coast. Consequently it is almost certain that heavy rains have fallen at the Murchison. The numerous friends of Police-Sergeant Claffey will regret to learn that hj is pro strated with a painful affliction of the hearc and has baen suffering severely during the past fe.v days. There was a full attendance in the Stran gers Gallery at the Assembly last evening, during the Harbor Works debate. Mr. DelJamel'a speech was a masterly one, aad he rat'-l.-ssly and effectively pointed out Sir John CooJe's many contradictory state ments and opinions in the d-nvrent reports he had sent to the Government of this olouy. From, au analytical and syntheti c .1 point of view Mr. De Hamel's speech was peihap3 the best yet delivered in the Assembly. Hi3 object was, however, very apparent, in opposing the reference of the question to a Select Committee. Naturally,' as member for Albany, he would like to sea it indefinitely shelved, hut though niem .bers saw the force of his criticism and. listened respectfully to what he hai to say they arc scarcely lively tj atsisG him in his very astute little game. . - Our^ Adelaide exchanges state it is rum oured tlut Sir Thorn 18 Elder purposes re calling ihe exploring expedition which has just a- rive I at the Murchison, under com mand of Mr. Lindsay. 