STRATHDOWNIE. (From our own Correspondent.) March 111. iiocally there is nothing of special import anoe to report, The position of our stock market remains unchanged. For ordinary low'conditioned classes there is no improve* ment in values, and they are difficult to quit at any figure. Only recently several lines of sheep have changed hands at from Is. to 2s. Gd., which is almost equivalent to giving them away. ?he much-needed and truly weloome change in the weather Ijas at length arrived, and for several days a steady soaring rain has con tinued to fall, From the experience of the present season there is one important lesson to pe gleaned. For years past there has been an increasing carelessness on the part of land holders to husbapd their water supply, and it WftK by no meanB uncommon this season for ^ore to travel their stock a good peop>e «otua oases they Mupcli, bud been arraogecl to take PW6® now last Saturday, bub for some reason the knights of the willow from the latter place failed to pub in an appearance. As the Strathdownie men mustered in force the opportunity was taken advantage of to inaugurate a local club. A meeting was held at the Strathdownie Hotel at two p.m., and there were present Messrs. A, H. Bilston, P. MaoFarlane, A. MacOorquin* dale, W. MacFarlnne, C. Ellis, W. Watson, A. MacEachern, A. MacFarlane, W. Spring Filgate, and Elliott, and several others, whoso naroes I do not at present recollect. Mr. P, MacFarlane acted in the capacity of Chair* man. It was proposed by tha Chairman that a Cricket Club be formed. Seconded by Mr. Bilston, and carried unanimously Members to be enrolled at five shillings eacn, Mr. P. MacFarlane was appointed Secretary and Treasurer, and Mr. A. H. Bilston was elected President. Directly after the meeting a scratoh match waB played, when excellent form was displayed by Messrs. Bilston, MacFarlane, and Mac* Corquindale. A team from Lake Mundi plajra here on Saturday next. I see Messrs. MacFarlane Bros, have their well-known Strathdownie hostelry and general store for sale by private contract. It being A good Btand they should havo no difficulty in finding a purchaser for it. Messrs. MacPherson, Kilsbty and Freely have disposed of their holdings in this locality! Mr. H. Watson, of Strathdownie West, being the purchaser of the first-named gentleman a holdings and Mr. Hosking of the latter. Eleotion matters are occupying a good deal of attention about here at presenti About 800 people assembled at the Wilder* nesa church on Sunday last, the services of which which were conducted by the Rev. R. A. Caldwell, who appears to be a great favorite in this part. The writer has known persona to travel 20, and even 30, miles on various occasions to hear him preach. Severe colds are again prevalent throughout the neighbourhood. Fitzgerald's Palace Circus, which has visited the district twice previously, performed here on Saturday night, but there was only a moderate attendance. Some of our folk who were sanguine enough to indulge in the hope that the team from here would be capable of annexing the prize in the tug-of-war contest at Mount Gambler were slightly disappointed when tho result beoame generally known. The bush-fire trouble, which caused no email amount of anxiety and annoyance n short while ago, is now, as far as this part is concerned) A thing of the past. Nominations for the principal events on out race programme have filled fairly well, and by the time the weights are allotted I have no doubt that even then it will be a difficult tuk to Bpot the winners. There are 11 entries for the Handicap, 5 for the Steeplechase, and 12 for the Hurdles. A meeting is convened for Saturday next to consider the advisability of holding an athletio sports meeting at Stratndownia west. 