In the Big Scrub. [BY A. J. CAMPBELL, F.L S, IN THE AUSTRALASIAN ] FIVE and thirty miles fromTabulam we reach Casino. There is nothing singularly striking about Casino, but I shall never forget one or two splendid jacaranda trees I saw in private gardens arrayed in clusters of flowers of richest lavender. Casino is on the Richmond River, a river we often notice mentioned in the telegraphic columns as being 40ft. or 50ft. above ordin- ary level, when tropical rains flood it. And one can well believe the reports, judging by the appearance of its deep well- worn banks. A final stage of 18 miles through slightly undulating open forest country, with usual wayside farms, brings us at half-past 4 p.m. to Lismore, the headquarters of the Big Scrub. The road into Lismore is in bad re pair, more noticeable to us because the horses were pushed before a gathering thunder- storm, which broke with great violence just after we had reached our hotel. Subse quently we learnt that during the storm at Casino - the township we last left - the lightning had struck a team of 16 bullocks, killing nine dead on the spot. I have time now to reflect upon my cross country drive from Tenterfield to Lismore, a total of 105 miles. It was remarkable in the sense that you never could ascertain who was likely to be your driver for the next stage, or what the fare would be. We changed coaches three times, and had no less than six drivers. Lismore is situated on the left bank of the North Richmond River, where it is joined by Wilson's Creek. Coming from Casino a kind of double bridge is entered, first across the river, then across the creek. In the river may be seen rafts of pine logs chained to- gether broadside on and moored against the banks for hundreds of yards. The timber has been floated down from the upper reaches and awaits shipment. Lismore lies in a hol- low, entirely surrounded by small hills. The place appears clean and well kept, with both gas and water supply, and for a country township of its size ,is exceedingly lively. Pedestrians are continually on the move, horsemen, horsewomen, and conveyances come and go in all directions. The most substantial buildings in the town are two or three banks, the other buildings are for the most part wooden, roofed with corrugated iron. Some of the better class of private dwellings are a short distance out of town, and look comfortable on the hillsides at the foot of thc scrub, which still exists in patches in its native jungle-like state. Thu hospital is out there, and possesses a pleasant site near two immense native fig trees. The intermediate space between the hills, and immediately outside the town, is a complete network of subdivided paddocks, all more or less occupied with horses and cattle, an indication of a thriving neighbourhood. The municipality of Lismore contains over 3,000 inhabitants, while the population of the surrounding district, including Lismore, and say within a radius of 10 or 12 miles, is near- ly 11,000. pressly to join me. He arrived a few days before me, and secured accommodation in the Big Scrub. After a good night's rest (the last three having been broken travelling from Melbourne to this point) I set out with him some distance on horseback for our head- quarters, about ll miles out in a north-eas- terly direction, leaving our luggage to follow by carrier. My companion's horse certainly is a very peculiar animal, and objects to being mounted. As soon us one foot is in the stirrups, and before the other could be placed home, the horse waltzed round the yard, and in a most unceremonious manner capsized its rider, who fortunately fell in a soft place. A second attempt to mount is more successful and the horse behaves decently for the rest of the journey. Following the Ballina road and just out of Lismore on a gentle ascent, is a strip of pines growing on a rocky formation. The pines throw their whorled stems about the scrub - an entanglement of vegetation "richly dight with tropic hues of green." Some of the climbers reach to the topmost branches of the pines, where also clumps of ferns and other parasitical growths find lodgment. The pine scrub is succeeded by an ordinary forest growth eucalyptus, with occasional banksia and black wattles just flowering, and many other familiar trees, but the presence of elegant elk-horn ferns, flower -ing tree-orchids long bearded lichens that deck the trees, besides handsome-leafed banana groves in farm gardens, furnish the neces- sary tropical surroundings. We turn off Ballina-road along the Byron track. At McLean's farm, or about eight miles out of Lismore, the Big Scrub begins, extending away to the sea for about 15 miles, and for double that distance to- wards the Tweed River - which has had such a fascination for naturalists and collectors from both the new world and the old. Ex- cept the cleared portions there is a distinct line of demarcation between the forest and the scrub land, almost as marked as between forest and plain. Once in the scrub you say farewell to gum trees. Perhaps they object to the great race for existence that takes place in the scrub, where pIants climb one upon another. I dearly love the forest country, but the closer recesses of this scrub, with all its peculiar charms, I do not. Like, the eucalypt I prefer breathing room, not to be jostled , with stinging trees and blistering plants, or suffer the too familiar embraces of lawyer '"palms". Notwithstanding these disadvantages there is a wealth of vegetable forms in which the botanist simply revels : also trees - the bean, teak, buoyong, and many others, beautiful and of great economic value. Having proceeded three miles into the heart of the scrub, we arive at our tem- porary home, kept by a good old widow and her son. The dwelling is situated on a rise near Pearce's Creek, and except a few cleared patches, and those of neighbours, the scrub exists in its primeval state. My friend and I lose no time in starting a naturalist's collection and recording observations, first having obtained a rude wheelbarrow and re- moved our luggage, to our quarters from where the carrier deposited it on a track about a mile away. The scrub enjoys a temperate climate, and, comparatively speaking, a most regular mean temperature, taking the meteorological re- cords of Lismore as a criterion, where the average minimum is 56deg. and the average maximum 72deg. Only about two days in the summer does the thermometer exceed 100 deg. in the shade. The average annual rain- fall for the last five years is 60 inches, being well distributed throughout the year, and accounts for the many perennial streams one sees everywhere. This amount of moisture, together with no end of depth of the wonder- ful rich reddish or chocolate soil, no doubt speaks for the prodigal luxuriance of the in- digenous vegetation. And, as a natural con- sequence, when this scrubby wilderness is reclaimed and replanted with introduced plants they likewise grow apace. Here bananas and strawberries flourish side by side, the banana representing the tropics and the strawberry the temperate zone, and both growing to perfection. This is truly wonderful, and is only another instance of what a glorious heritage we Australians pos- sess. But it will not do to eat the bread of idleness, and condemn the soil because it grows rank scrub, or because we are too lazy to till it. My companion, who is a practical horticulturist, was so elated with the class of land that without loss of time he secured a holding, and I feel convinced that in a few years he will simply "astonish the natives " by demonstrating what the land will really produce. The conditions of the land are most fav- ourable for all members of the citrus tribe. I saw grand orange trees, likewise lemon, but the farmers let their cattle roam through them at will. The various stone fruits would thrive, yet only peach trees were seen. Pas- sion fruits would do anywhere, as evinced by the common edible variety seen growing in a wild state in parts of the scrub, the seeds having been carried thither by birds from the farm gardens. Thus again if crops of Cape gooseberries were allowed to luxur- iate in the waste clearings instead of the useless ink weed, what stores of fruit there would be for making the most delicious of' jams. While on this topic, just another word about bananas. I saw two kinds grow- ing about the farms ; one a small roundish variety, and the other the three-cornered plantain. To those people who love the tropics, their tall, broad, waving leaves would suggest many pleasant reminiscences, but the bananas were just planted in rows, and allowed to grow untended, with unre- stricted freedom, and with a prolific crop of suckers ; consequently the return of fruit is not so great as it might be. To one plant or root there should not be too many stems, and their perpetual growth should be regulated, lt is sufficient to have one with fruit ready to cut, one or two flowering, and a sucker or two. Yet many indomitable spirits have cleared traces of the Big Scrub with axe,and fire, and have made comfortable homes for their fami- lies. Scrub falling is laborious work indeed, and much judgment has to be exercised, be- cause so many of the trees are held together by tough rope-like-stems of climbers. Most of the larger trees possess great spurs or flanges at their base. The faller surmounts these obstacles by a slight staging 8ft or 10ft. high. When scrub-falling, the fallers need a liberal supply of food, and usually have meals four times a day-at 6 o'clock in the morning, at 11, at 3, and at dusk. The scrub is fired about Christmas, or before sum- mer rains set in. There is no fear of the fire overlapping the fallen dry scrub. The avenues of the scrub, with their wealth of green foliage, cannot he penetrated by the fire-fiend, therefore a bush-fire is unknown in virgin scrub, and consequently such a place is an excellent collecting-ground for a lichen- ologist or other such collector. 