TBy Telegbapii. 1 (from oub cobbespondentb.) I BEGA, Tuesday. I Seasonable ram m light showers has fallen last night and to-day. It is still cloudy and threatening. The rain will revive the pastures and prevent the danger of bush fires. BERRY, Tuesday. Heavy rain continued during the night and all day. The creek broke over its banks at 3.30 p.m., flooding the low lands. Many families of the railway workers were surprised in their tents, and had to escape up to laeir waisis ui water, many oi ineir oeiongmgs were swept awav. It is the highest flood since 1872. The rain ceased for a few hours, but commenced again and looks like continuing. BRAIDWOOD, Tuesday. Steady rain has been falling since yesterday. It is most acceptable to the pastoralists, as it will ensure a food supply of autumn feed and will cause all anger from bush fires to disappear. Most of the crops are secure. The late fine weather enabled the farmers to work most energetically in saving them. BURROWA, Tuesday. A thunderstorm occurred last night. Rain fell at intervals since, and now continues a steady down pour. Harvesting is consequently interrupted, but great good will ensue. The bush fires, which were feared, are now averted. The weather is cold. COONAMBLE, Jan. 7. Stock movements : — 1200 fat wethers, from Gean money station to Homebush, via Nevertire, P. M'Mahon owner, M'Carry in charge ; 2000 fat wethers, from Bimble station to Homebush, via Ryl stone, W. G. Taylor owner, Blackett in charge. CARCOAR, Jan. 7. Stock passing through Three trucks sheep, Bathurst to Woodstock, Rutherford to Glasson ; two trucks cattle, Cowra to Homebush, Ousby to Pitt, I Son, and Badgery. COOLAH, Tuesday. After having some excessively hot and dry weather lately a very wclcome storm broke over this town last evening, S3 points being registered up to 9 o'clock this morning. Bush fires have been raging on some of the stations around the district, and thin timely fall will do an immense amount of good in helping to allay the fires, and also in other respects. COOLAMON, Tuesday. A soaking rain set in early this morning and has continued all day. One inch 30 points nave been registered for the past 12 hours. It is very cold. COOTAMUNDRA, Tuesday. The thermometer fell last night from 95* to 5S\ A cold rain set in during the night, continuing all to day. ' Two inches felL ? CROOKWELLs Tuesday. Light showers continued during last night and thin morning, and up till 2 o'clock a steady ana continuous rain fell. There was then a partial clearing, but now a thick mist is falling, and there are all appearances of a further heavy fall. The amount registered up till 9 o'clock to-day is 190 points. DUNGOG, Tuesday. j 'The grass has been thoroughly parched up for weeks past. We have had several dry thunder stormsj but one yesterday brought rain in earnest. 150 points fell during the first hour. Altogether 25 'in. were registered. It still looks threatening. j FORBES, Jan. 8. ' The following are the crossings over tiie common for the week : — January 4, 30,000 sheep, from Orange to Condobolin, E. H. Moulder owner; 5, 662 fat sheep, from New Park to Homebush, W. H. Porter owner. Tuesday. The weather still looks likely for rain, and thunder storms around indicate another heavy downpour. Within a little over 24 hours the thermometer fell about 40*, from 100* to 60'. GLEN INNES, Tuesday. Thunderstorms have been very prevalent. Last night 93 points of rain felL Hay- making is difficult with such weather. GRENFELL, Tuesday. Splendid rain set in last night. Two inches have fallen up to the present time. GRAFTON, Tuesday. Over 2in. of rain fell at the end of last week at Grafton. It did a yast amount of benefit to the early maize crops, which promise a large yield. The rain fall above and below Grafton was much Higher. There is magnificent pasturage all over the district. GUNDAGAI, Tuesday. It has been raining all day, with every appearance of continuing. One hundred and twenty -five points .were recorded. GUNDAROO, Tuesday. It began raining last night. Two hundred and eighty points fell. It looks like more. GULGONG, Tuesday. Showers fell last night. At 6 a.m. a terrific thunderstorm with heavy rain continued for two hours, registering 80 points. It cleared up until 5 p.m., when another storm came from the westward. Six points of rain fell. The rain will do incalculable benefit to the corn crops, besides causing the grass to spring up on the recently burnt country. Thunder clouds are still hovering around. INVERELL, Tuesday. One hundred and twenty points of rain fell last night and this morning. It is now fine. Stock passings : — Seven thousand maiden ewes, Yallaroi to Gostwyck, Dangar Brothers owner, Miller in charge. KEMPSEY, Tuesday. Heavy rains have fallen in the district last night and to-day. MOUNT M'DONALD, Tuesday. A welcome change in the weather took place on Sunday, a heavy shower of hail falling about noon, since when we have had a heavy downpour of rain, which was badly needed here, as water for domestic purposes was hardly obtainable, having to be carted long distances. Rain is still falling heavily, and will do an amount of good to the maize crops. Nearly all the harvesting in finished about here. NARRABRI, Satubday. Stock passings: 3000 fat sheep, estate K. L. Jenkins, from Callendool, Goondiwindi, to Home bush, Bennett in charge ; 1200 fat sheep, Knight Brothers, from Pian Creek, trucked to Aberdeen ; 1860 fat sheep, Lehane and Sons, Greenfield, Nar rabri, to Homebush, C. Lehane in charge ; 1200 fat sheep, Namoi Pastoral, Edgeroi to Sydney, trucked ; 1000 mixed sheep, M. Boyle, from Woodlands, Pil liga, to Trinkey, owner in charge ; 80 horses, R. Davies, from Thom, B. A. Mitchell, Queensland, G. Weldon in charge ; 11,000 store sheep, Peel River Company, from CurrawiUinghi, Queens land to Goonoo Goonoo, H. Campbell in charge ; 2150 fat wethers, R. Eckford, Glenroy Millie to West Maitland, Dederer in charge ; 2000 fat wethers, B. Richards and Son, Talaraga, Moree, to Riverstone, Geddes in charge ; 1530 fat ewes, W. F. Buchanan, Killarney to Homebush, Griffiths in charge ; 1200 fat sheep, A.M.F. Co., Edgeroi to Aberdeen, trucked ; 2000 fat wethers, Richards and Son, Talaraga to Riverstone, Frazer in charge ; 2920 fat sheep, T. Cooks, from Drildool to Maitland and Homebush, trucked, Kennedy in charge. Tuesday. The rainfall at Narrabri was 90 points ; Wee Waa, 85 ; Boggabri, 43 ; Gunnedah, 95 ; Werris Creek, 77 ; Moree, 60 ; Millie, 96 ; Muswellbrook, 108 ; Quirindi, 85; Tamworth, 80; Nundle, 106; Manilla, 105; Yetman, 62 ; Warialda, 37 ; Barraba, 105 ; Bingara, 57\. The weather cleared after the storm last night. NARRANDERA, Tuesday. After a long spell of hot and very dry weather a splendid soaking rain set in here early this morning, and continued throughout to-day. One hundred and twelve points were recorded up to 5 o'clock this even ing. It is still raining, with every appearance of con tinuing. The rain was greatly needed, and will do an immense deal of good in extinguishing the bush fires and filling all the tanks. It will freshen up all herbage. The weather is now very cold. The atmosphere has cooled 50* since Sunday. Rain is general round the districts. Fifty points fell at Morundah ; Juneehad 6 points ; Jerilderie, 26 points; Carrathool, 12 points ; Booligal, 66 points ; Whitton, 42 points ; North Yanco, 68 points ; Billenbah, 72 points ; Berrigan, 10 points ; and Hillston, 3 points. The Murrumbidgee to-day at Narrandera was 9ft. 3in. above summer level, and falling slowly. ORANGE, Tuesday. The weather, which has been unusually hot for the previous two weeks, changed suddenly on Sunday. Yesterday we had a severe thunderstorm, followed by very heavy rain and some hail. Last night the lightning was very vivid, the terrific thunderstorm resembling a roar of artillery close at hand. During the 24 hours ending 9 a.m. to-day 247 points of rain fell. It looks like more rain. The weather is now quite cold. PAMBULA, Tuesday. Nice rain has been falliug all day. It was much needed. The tanks in town were almost dry, and the herbage in the district was becoming parched. The thermometer was at 80 on Sunday, and is now down to 60. There is every appearance of continuous ram. QUEANBEYAN, Tuesday. A desirable change took place yesterday. Steady rain set in and registered 78 points up to 9 o'clock this morning. It is still raining, and will put out tho bushfires in the district. The rain seems to be general. ROBERTSON, Tuesday. Incessant rain has fallen since yesterday ; 220 points were registered. There are signs of the weather clearing. TENTERFIELD, Tuesday. The weather continues unsettled. Heavy thunder storms are of daily occurrence. TTJENA, Tuesday. After a month's scorching weather a most beneficial change has taken place. A heavy thunderstorm broke the monotony by falling here yesterday morn ing at half-past 9, accompanied by . hail and dangerously vivid lightning. It continued raining off and on until about 4 p.m. It started again this morning steadily, and is still coming down, with every appearance of a continuance. Up to 9 o'clock this morning 110 points were registered at the local ! mining office. In consequence, stock owners are most jubilant, as the rain was badly wanted. It will also lie of great value to the farmers and gardeners for their corn and vegetables, &c.; The weather is bitterly cold. ? TUMBERUMBA, Tuesday. Splendid rain set in here last night and continued to-day. By all appearances we will have several days of it. Graziers are jubilant. The new grass will now spring up in abundance over the burnt country. The potato crops were beginning to look bad, but will benefit greatly by this rain. TUMUT, Tuesday. A gentle rain began last night, and is still coming steadily, and like a continuance. Sixty -one points have fallen up to the present. Everyone is jubilant at the welcome change, as it will do immense good to the herbage and maize crops. WAGGA, Jan. 8. The following stock movements are reported : — 4500 ewes, Hassett owner, from Yarran jerry station, going to Benalla, Duncan M'lvor in charge ; 970 head bullocks, Scott and Gibson owners, from Lor raine station, Queensland, going to Wodonga, Mar shall in charjge ; 4400 ewes, Austin, HfflWr owners, from LaCwson, going to Long Plains, G. Osborne in charge ; 500 ewes, fiom Echuca, going to Baratta. Monday. The following stock movements are reported : — 270 crossbred merino wethers, Mackay and Copland owners, going to Homebush market, from.owners of Pomingalarna station, near Wagga, by rail; 5400 mixed sheep, Kennedy and O'Connell owners, from Prussian Park, going to Dubbo, via Marsden and Wagga, W. Binnie in charge ; 5000 sheep, Raw son owner, from Ingleby, going to Tumut, via Wagga and Lower Tarcntta, owner in charge ; 108 head bullocks, Devlin and Co. owners, from Ganmain station, going to Melbourne market, by rail ; 4650 wethers, Austra lian Mortgage and Land Finance Company, from Eunonyhareenyha station, near Wagga, going to Hunthawaing, W. Commins in charge ; 54 bullocks, * Donnelly and Co. owners, from Wagga., going to Melbourne market, by rail ; 4500 ewes, Donnelly and Co. owners, from owners of Borambola station, near Wagga, going to Retreat, via Wagga, J. G. Ogilvie in charge ; 2500 ewes, Jas. Snoagrass owner, from Forest Vale, SomS t° Glen Forest, Buddigower, via Wagga awl Cowabee, J. Suodgrass, jun., in charge ; 100 head bullocks, Hobt. M'lntyre owner, from Bull's run, going to Melbourne market, via Bomen, by rail ; 27 head bullocks, M'Kay and Copeland owners, from Wagga, going to Melbourne market, by rail ; 360 fat mixed sheep, Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Company owners, from Bomen, going to Home - bush market, by rail ; 2500 mixed hoggets, E. Jamicsou owner, from Book Book, gomg to Gundagai, owner in charge ; 4914 store eheep, from Alma station, going to Echuca : 200 fat sheep, from Moorocco station^ going to Victoria ; 5900 store sheep, from Trida station, going to Head and Court, Natina ; 1762 fat wethers, from M'Far land Brothers, Barooga station, going, to Melbourne market ; 1000 sheep, from Kilfera, going to Denili quin ; 6500 wethers, Wilson and Hopkins owners, from Iroubong. going to Ballarat, J. Hastie in charge ; 500 wethers, F. Aughtie owner, from Murgali, going to Carroon. Tuesday. Rain cotnmenced to fall again at half -past 6 and continued, without cessation, until 8 this evening, during which time over 1 Jin. was recorded. There is no sign of the rain stopping. Other rainfalls iu the district registered this morning were 30 points at Narrandera, 25 at Urana, 45 at Lake Cudgellico. Showers also fell to-day at Temora, Tumut, ana other places near here. The rain will do a large amount of good in reviving the pastures. The river is rising a little to-day. A rise of some feet is expected to-morrow. Late to-night the weather is cold and wet. Latek. The rain increased at 10 p.m., and from that hour until nearly midnight heavy showers fell. The rain fall amounted to over 2in. It looks like continuing. WELLINGTON, Tuesday. The last two mornings have been ushered in with iseverc thunderstorms and heavy rain. A drover in elinrgc of Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s cattlc was killed by lightning near Black Bock. Close upon 2in. of rain have been registered. WTLCANNIA, Tuesday. Bains are still falling on the watershed of the Dar b'ng, but too light to have any noticeable effect as regards the prolonging of navigation. The follow ing are the reports to hand : — Mungundi, 61 points ; Mogil,93; Goodooga, ol ; Goondiwindi, 84 ; Colle rendabri, 11 ; Inverell, 114 ; Yetman, 67 ; Walgett, 65 Bourke, 10. Locally the weather is much cooler. WOLLONGONG, Tuesday. Since Sunday afternoon to half-past 2 to-day the rainfall was 4.{)6in. Two inches 13 points fell from 9 tin's morning. On Sunday a cow was killed by lightning at Spring Hill. Two children were injured by the shock. The signal-box at the Mount Kiera railway crossing was also struck. YASS, Tuesday. It rained heavily all last night and all day up to 6 o'clock. It is now fine. Over two inches have fallen. The rain has saved the maize and potato crops, ? ? 