TSOTES FROM PWJARRAH. ? ? ? £From a Correspondent.] The race meeting on Thursday (25th) was very good, but was somewhat delayed, owing to a largt bushfire sweeping over nearly two-thirds of the course. Mr. James Cooper's horses came off best in the Maiden, won by Tremolando, a youngster by Tre mando; the Flying Stakes (strange te say a selling race) was won by Countess ; the Pmjarrab Stakes by Lowlander, and Losers* Handicap by Rob Roy. Mr. Harry Bunco's Vision won the Pony Race and Breeders' Stakes, as he liked. The little beauty was greatly admired, but a little jealously was noticabl,» by tae Pinjarrah people. Mr. E. Jonas' Lass won the Hack Race. On Friday an eleven of the Pinjarrah Cricket Club were to have played a match with the Fremantle visitors ; bat the P.C.C. members were all so busy, beating out tbe bushfire on various settlers' binds, to turn up. The annual race meeting at Pinjarrah is undoubtedly the local event of the year, every settler in the Murray district being met with there. £rom the evening before and for two or three days following there is a regular 'shut op shop' time, except with the hotels and hawkers (who flock there in goodly numbers with carts and packs.) The bush fires have been (and are) destroying thousands of acres of feed, earns of the settlers suffering very severely ; two large paddocks I noticed, on our way to Mandurab, belonging to Mr. Geo. Paters Dn, being swept quite clean of feed, and a considerable quantity of fencing destroyed. The fire was sti.l raging, taking a sweep away towards the Marrinup (or Mowerina) Plains. I understand large numbers of cattle and horses graze on these plains. Tbe Marrinnp Plains looked very pretty, as we came onto them, on our way down a oath, but were then on fire at the Pinjarrafe end. Our hotel experiences were agreeably reversed on our arrival at Man durah, where we fared sumptuously, and were very hospitably received ; ia fact at Mandui-ah kindly treatment of visitors is the order of the day, everything possible being done t» entertain one. Messrs. C. Tuckey &Co.;'e fish-preserving establishment at Mandurah, is now in full siring, tvtnnmfr Large quantities of mag nificent large mullet are being caught and tinned just now. This company have a fruit preserving factory at Pinjarrah, but it is now idle, the stock in hand at present exceeding the demand. The samples shown us were quite equal to (ani in a great many instances better than) the imported articles. It is to be hoped the public will better ap preciate this industry in the near future, as it so richly deserves. However, the perseverance of the manager, and of the firm generally, will 6tand them in good stead, I am quite sure. ? he bar at the entrance to Mandnrah is quite choked up with sand, the smallest boat being unable to enter or leave, and is also preventing the finny tribe from enter ing the rivers and estuaries to deposit tbeir spawn. I forgot to remark on the quantity, and splendid quality, of the fruit, in and round Pinjarrah. It is a great pity tbe splendid pears, &-?.. that are grotr'n there afe esed for tbe pigs, in stead of being brought in to oar chief mar kets. Mr. George Patersoti, who grows some beautiful; fruit (L speak from fcXpe riencel, states that it costs more to bring it to market than it can be sold for. Probably next season tbe fruit may be marketed over some petition of tbe Bun bnrp-Bayswater Railway. Bye-the-by. I might suggest to tbe Pin jarrah Bacing Club tbe advisability of ad vertising their programme i° the daily papers. Had they done so Hue year, I do not hesitate to say the attendance of towns people would have been greater, and I am sure (heir funds would have been increas ed, by subscription as well as gate money. February 27. 