destructive fires/: ' A destructive bush hre broke out in the Cape Otway forest on -Wednesday last, between Apollo Bay and Cape Otway. An easterly breeze carried the flames on to Robinson's station, and inthe morning the wind changed ' to the_ north. At about 11 a.m. the fire was noticed in the vicinity of the Government' re serve. All the available officials turned out to fight the flames, but the fire was so fierce that little could bo done. It was feared that the powder magazine, which contains a large quantity of powder and the detonating fog sig nals, would catch fire and demolish the" tele graph signal station and lighthouse. All the ladies and children were ordered down tho cliffs to a place of safety. The firo was within 50 yards ot the .magazine, which is unfortunately placed in the centre of the quarters, when.it was stopped. A great deal of fencing has been burnt, and it is feared that some cattle and other Btook have perished. The fire is raging i . 1 iiriq thetra'qk tdpqllo Biy and aoross to Point .%tauffiip(It;lteftigji1t.tq Istimate the damage fit present. Information iS:tg>h|nd that a large area of country between Jobarti|a River and Princetown is on firo. _ The pa8seng'ers bjr tlie up' tirain -from -Port- Fairy had a very warm experience when copipg - into tho Camperdown station on Friday even-' ing. At the time of the great strike, when there was a prospect of. a coal famine, , the rail way authorities secured- 2000 or 30d0 tons of fire wood, cut into short -lengths, and stacked it close to the line, between the station and tho engine shed/- As this' wood was not required by the engines, it has been used for, station . pur- pbsris all along the line; There, remomcd two large slacks, each 'containing about 600 or < 00 tons, and this, afternoon, one of tfiese caught fire. .The day' ifas exceptionally hot arid windy, find 'the /flames isooiv. gained the asconfiint. The stationniaster;(Mr. fStevenson) and his, : staff did all tbey possibly could ; and Gqngcr Pearse, with his half-dozari men, also came to the rescue. There is no :watbr . supply there, and .the. only available - water -was from 'an elevated -tank at - the /station/ but the; one hofie playing frorii this yras u altogether irisuffibient/;/ '' As / the flames 'were ' about 60ft' high; and' , were leap ing' 'right 'ficrpte'. the line, tlie'stationiriMter went' ajppg 'tiijfi .trqck with , a ! danger : signal to stop, tfip ppft Fairy, twin, and see .that all the .windows pp thu/sidri i)f the'tra|p nearest to t|)ie fire/were clpsed! ;' These, precautions were yory pecessary, for the flames heat fiercely. on the sides of. the: passing carriages, bpt did no .damage. All that can be done is to keep a constant stream of water playing on the sleepers of the per manent7 way / "and on "the wooden : surroundings of the engine shed, to prevent them catching bre. Trie pre is supposea to nave. oeen causea by a spark from an'eugine. ; : , ' . . T ,i:.'Aq extensive fire is sweeping over Kangatong, Koroit/ tbe 'property of the Hon; N/ Thbrriley. Itrias roi'ched Wpodlaridfi ! station.;, On Thursday 500 acres on Mr R.' Whitehead's property pere burnt. The. fire got away! from a party burning off on the railway line. . A telegram: from Maneroo station -states that the :istore and.btables were destroyed vbyifire; on Wednesday. - -The origin of the fire is. unknown, but it is considered to have been the result of;an accident/ 7 Only the horses; buggies, and a few snridries'.were saved. ' The buildiug'was.jrisured/ but the' contents, valued at- L70, were uninsured. ' Maneroo is owned by Mr W. M'Millan. . // " ./ '. ;. ... V ,!' # ' Hobart, . Saturday. . A terrible coil fiagratiori has been raging In the township of Drindas, , and the town has been al- most.totaiiy destroyed. The fire . sprapg rip. in the dense timber and scrub in .the; y|cinity , 6f Hassett's mine, a mile and a-balf from Dundas, in a nortb- easterly direction, arid spread with startliog rapidity. - The heavy turiber, chiefly pines arid eucalyptus, arid the : dense 7 under growth, burned like tirider;aridGhe' forest fire advanced with fearful/haste. A high wind was blowing at' 'the time/' 'which 7 fanned' the-' flani/s. The towriship of Dundas; -builtln the heart' of timber/.'was'speedily surrourid'ed: :: Tfieih' wfisiio' w.ate.r available tp cppe.wit.h th.e flames/ anil the sceiie toat .ehsued, wysof a terrible! character. The whole of ."the! township seemed at ope tlfiie to he on fire, the internal conflagration being bt: up by the fierce fires of .the surrounding giant timber trees. .The flames , leapt up to the height of 50ft here and .there, and now arid again . tall trees would crash down from the neighbouring heights on to the township/ The people fought the flames' inch' By ' inch,- but many houses were destroyed, . The tramway magazine exploded, -and destroyed all the' buildings near it. Ross! stable's, the, skittle! , alley, and the! Zealaridia -Hptei, were ; destroyed j but. Ross' Hotel was saved' by herculean efforts, - .The. flames are .travelling furiously northwardain the direction of, the .Central Dundas property a.nd southwards -to /Johnson's Hotel. At the east junction .the < tracks and open spaces are crowded with furrii- ;tnre- arid."- effects. /The' telegraph 'line 'between ; Dundas' and J uhction is destroyed," 'and it'is difficult to obtain further news at present. But ;the latest intelligence states that the danger has isomowhat abated, .though a strong galels/blow- j ing. There is ,t).o water: available: ' " / ,, '! '' '/ ; The fire originated hear -Hassett's mine/ arid- ; ran along the gully .one. mile to Dundas town ship, and' thence'- one mile and a half- to the .Junction,; when it was checked. .Hart's Junc tion Hotel "was in- danger, but (he /precautions taken were'' sucoessful. ; There, have been numerous bush'fires along the tramway route, caused by the engine . using wood and coal with out a spark catcher. : \- . 'Melbourne; Saturday. - . -Shortly - after .. ope o'clock this afternoon, a wpoderi stfible' sjtuated. |ri City-road, ; South Mel- bourne,; wqs . flestrpyed ; by " fire. The pre'niises were pwned by Mc/Cockbill, a contractor: One; of the employes noticed a truss of hay- burning, which- 'started' the. fire, and attempted: to: ex tinguish it. He failed to do so; .and. received some'Severe burnri. '-Willing' hands extricated 23 hOTse8 from the" burning -building; but nine carts were destroyedr- The -insurance '-on1 the building is"noi kriown." . : v ...w 