AVON SHIRE COUNCIL. MONDAY, DEC. 5TH. Present: Crs. Crockett (president), Kelly, Latham, Killeen, Thomson, Hall. CORRESPONDENCE. Front the Government Statist, point- ing out that the municipal returns for the shire of Avon for the financial year 1891-92 should be forwarded by the 23rd January.—Received. From the department of Lands and Survey, requesting that the position of the township of Stockyard (the name of which it is proposed to alter to Stock- dale) may be indicated to the department by plan.—Attended to. From the Maffra shire, forwarding cheque for £9 18s 9d, being half-cost of joint work of repairing the boundary road between M'Millan's and Powers- court.—Received. From the Bairnsdale shire, in refer enttce to to the proposed alteration of the boundaries of the two shires. The re ports of the Bairnsdale and Avon shires had been adopted, and the. matter of details to acquire the object of altera tion had been referred to the members of the West riding to deal with.-The secretary verbally reported that, by in-, structions, lie proceeded to Balirnsdale on: the 19th November, and conferred with representatives of tle council there. It was decided that each shire stake appli eation separately, under section 3l, for tile proposed alteration. From the Colac shire, forwarding copy of a resolutioa recently passed by that eouncil, as follows :--"I That in view of the great losses suffered by ttuniciptalities owing to' the rapid wear and destrtcltion of roads by the practice of carrying Ileavy loads oil lnarrow tires, a circular be sent to ill lunuicipal councils throughout the colonsy requesting their co-operation in istpressing upon Parliamaent thle lurgelt neceesity of passing what is called the " Width of Tires Act," similar to that in force in South Autstralia."-To be supported. From the mayor of Broken Hill, forwardilig subscription lists for assist astce to the Broken Hill relief flund. Received. From H. Swan, directing attention to the fact that his property; a suburban lot of 5 acres, was being damaged by water flowing on to it from the roads. A portion of the writer's crop had suffered thereby.—Engineer to report. From the Victorian society for the protection of animals, forwarding a copy of the last annntsal report, and respect fully soliciting a donation.-List closed. Front V. A. Gay, engineer, asking to be allowed £10 per year foIr as elainman. -£8 per year to be allowed. From Joihn Giles, Benglgordeu South, bringing under notice the necessity of having about 16l chains of formation itand Ia low level crossing mlade onl the there chain road, leading from Toms's Creek to 3'Lentanai's Straits, letween allot 1is sec. 7 and allot 3 parish of BIengworden South. Thios portion of the road was almost impasstble in 'the winter season. The work coltd be carried out at a trilling cost, and the council was re spectfully urged to have it carried out as soon as possible.-See rmotioen. Fromt five ratepayers, by petition, desiring to have the road niade and drained from the corner of Mr Lory's and Mr Reeve's paddocks westward, to the end of Mrs Hamnlyn's and Mr Cavenagh's eastward ; also repairs to the road and hill from the corner of Mrs Hamilyn's paddock to the corner of Messrs. Lloyd's and Cavenagh's.-To lie on the table for one month. The lhealth oflicer reported thlat the general Ihealth in the shire continued good.—Received. In reference to communication from Mrs Swan, to the effect that the engi- neer proposed fencing off portion of Merrick-street, and also that the reserve near the bridge was being used for horses, the secretary was instructed to inform Mrs Swan that no application had been made to the council in regard to fencing, and that permission had been given to run horses in the reserve. DRAINAGE AT THE SALE CREAMERY. Front the Matffraslhire council, asking that the proper officer be notified that at the creamery at Gerraud's corner the drainage is inade to run on to the stmaiin Malsfr ansd Sale road, sIad as the dtnitn ,age consists of stale iilk and slops of various kinds, the stmell arising there fromi is most offensive and ia positive nuisance, and that the owners should, in the interests of public health, be made to abate the nuisance at once. Int reference to this matter, the health officer, )r. Matthews, reported asi il, lows :--I hlave the honor to inform vou that since yonr Inst nieeting ai letter lits bleet received frols the shire of IMIlffrtn rconphtlhiting of ia iuiisance iarisilg frolst thle tnilliager of the Sile ceelislery allow hig refuse miilk and othler slolps to Ilowr issto tile uisblic rosid. I ait olcc wrott: reqiriilg tlhe plsce to be tltosroiiglily cleased, and also insisting thait they should refrahit from alloswing lilsy oflfes sire slatter to ilowe on to the public roads in the future, giving tlhem three days in whliclh to abate tihe nutisslce. At thell expiratioli of five dtlys, I insllected tlhet lIlace, when I found nothling lhaid betsl doice. Tile road hlis, howevoir, since been tllorouglily cleansed, aRnd I see fronm the public paplers, tlhey cotnCiilolhto silk isg a well to dispose of trll reflluse. I wouold resloectfnlly advise tlllit yosl ihssist oss this being done witllout delayIV, ias wolest I cautioned theto aboist this saolre nititeulce 12 Iniolthls iigoo, tlsey Ilhen Ir', tliils tool do -o. bu1t Pilo to Illtow aosve takoit nit ste0is Si tlto iilaltcr.--lcc, ived. oThe tooth- Oorhe OiqTt -elt hi 0 00li0 fecl tlhuotkfil if itho, c,,totil w.,,uhIl -as if he had ,t tlake hi- ih-tructtios froi thS o:tuncil tlole otil', ,,r was: le uitp srtd :toi take theu itlhet froot th, 8ootuIh, Eoaot ot NoLth idi'lg o tunnillort, or c,,n The lctlr createld a dis lssn, alI t.r. Iosthani dethied t S kioow who thli sltatter hlad beets broutiht up. The oveirsceer saidl tlhero selollt tot be, a niisunidcrshoto itg, iOt" hl b tt lotlwesit nieetiigC bieeni istreileted tS iito, ii drais at Sloe Sale crtitiiey. W\hal he waosted to know wtrot, wtloit Wtot his exist position. C'1'. Lathalit,: ,lo Itok yloriilro,'trd r frotil tle ColnlUiittee of thil SotIIh silhis. It loao alovy- oesen the riilh of the cotios clt, list, if aiiy sll'gursot worllon were I'e uilhi'Cd, Iher 81101ulti b o e i t11o ott stotve. lie couhld sot sInkyi ,out twhat owe the ni0atlee with the overseer, owho lth :lttrovs taket hIis ijstructtitOt- lot.svitol,.I froo.is conulllitees wtIeIC SIthes footold it neoeo-,rv to toeo10u0hint hiss, tot ositii\hint. 11 wtoutltl like to, knw thle overseetrn little goame ? o lr wloloes anvloltolv land been at loim ? Cr. Hall: He dohesn't blieve in tso Tie iover~seer -tahld tliuht Ithe Ir-ltidet lhad oljected. Cr, Klilleen wished to know o,1t whatli grounds the president had interfered. o The president explained that the over seer had been instructed between meet ings to go to the creamery on the auffra and Sale roads to report on drainage on private property. He etrotigly objected to an officer giving an opinion for private individuals. Cr. Latham: Interrupting you The president: Kindly sit down, I am addressing the counciL Continuing, the president said as far as works connected with the shire were concerned, the over seer was bound to see so themn, but he had nothing to do with private matters. Cr. Latham : You are under a mis apprehension. Instructions were never given to the overseer to report on private lands. Cr. Killeen: You (addressing the president) have a wrong hold of the subject. The overseer was asked to see if there were any means of draining the lower portion of the road near the Sale creamery. The road was not on private property. The president said the statement he gave was as he got it. Cr. Latham wished to know whether the president objected to the overseer taking instructions from a riding board of works. The president said certainly not, if it were to carry out council works, but not on private property though. Cr. Latham : The whole thing is a misunderstanding and a misapprehen sion. The overseer was never asked to go on private property. Cr. Killeen: There is something more in it than appears on the face. After a few further remarks, it was given as an instruction to the overseer that he had to follow out any instructions for any works of an urgent nature given Iy works conmmittees daring meetings. I'AIYM.ENTS. The following accounts were passed for paynent :-Secretary, £16 Is 4d; works. overseer, £24 13s 4d; A. Dovne, £7 1;s; petty cash, £5; Arnall and Jackson, £11 7T 8d; J. A. Harvey, £5 12s ; J. R. Lee, £62 12s ; J. Ander son, £24 ; J. W. Beck, £20; P. Killeen, £3 5s; A. Anton, £10 lls 10d: J. Hickey, 5s ; J. Gallway, 10s Gd : Thos. M'Quillan, £2 5s Gd; J. Mildenhall, £3 4s Sd; A. Bland, 7s ; Giovernment auditor (Mr Strangward), £22 17s 4d ; localanditor (Mr3'JMillan) £14 14s. TENDERLS. The following tenders were dealt with :--Gravelling shire right-of-way, Stratford, J. W. Beck, £4 los; drain ing, etc., east end of Dixon-street, Strat ford, J. IV. Beck, £7 Gs 3d; 166 lineal feet of hand-railing bridge on Lakes road, .1. R. Lee, £3: 15chlains of road improvements, Marley Point, Robert BIlyth £11; gravel on Collins' road, The Heart, .ohn Hickey, £4 17s Gd " 45\. chains fonrmation, lower creamery road, The Heart, Robt. Blyth, £55; 2S.. clains gravelling, etc., near 31''adden's, auntin, 11. Lawhle, £37 1s ; 19 chains gravelling, etc., 3fur phc s road, The Heart, J. 31. Murphy, 27 16s ;d : 20 chains formation, etc., eas tof The Heart State school. John Hi~cker. £12 ls : Trimming and ravellin mroad. west of Gilder's, at p-r chain, J. 31. Murphy, 141 10s; :0 chains forming and gravelling near Wilson . Sale Pains, W. and J. Cart ledge. £29 ; 491 chains improvements, Letts and Kiig's roads, iuntin, L. Scanlon, £4: 13s 2d i 20 chains forming and gravelling, etc., Dawson-street, Sale, W. Cartledge, £.59; ornnation, near Hartwick's, Meerlieu, fresh tenders to be called. MOTIONS. The flliowing motions were carried : Moved by Cr. Killeen, seconded by Cr. Latham " That tenders be called by next meeting for fonning and gravelling had portion of the road near R. Cobain's." Moved by Cr. Killeen, seconded by Cr. Lathal, " That tenders be called by next meeting for 400 yards of gravel oi The Heart main road, from Blacker's corner to the State schooL" Moved by Cr. Killeen, seconded by Cr. Thomson, "That tenders be called by next meeting for 400 yards of gravel ont Gibson's road from the Heart pit or from Skehar.'s pit, to be carted and spread on portion of road not gravelled north of lMr Gibson's gate." Moved by Cr. Hall, seconded by Cr. Crockett, "That tenders be called, re tunable at next ieeting, for a table drain and other improvements on three chain road near Mr J. Giles' gate, Benggworden." Moved by Cr. Latham, seconded by Cr. Killeen, "That the supervisor call tenders for next meeting for culvert and earthworks over creek on Inverbroomn roadn" Mloved by Cr. Crockett, secoided by Cr. Kelly ''l That tenders hbe called for repairs ti Bushy P'ark road, near Iorsyth's, and to road leading to Weir's crossing." 3govel by Cr. Kelly, seconded by Cr. Crockett, "That tenders be aetled for a :rssing nit the main Blairindalde road apposite IMr Davidson's." Moved Ivy r. Hall, seconded by Cr. Kelly, "That tenders be called forclear ieg almnt 40 dchains on the road between .L-tin's anil Hall's selections, of the ,id aid lying tiuberr; also for a croso ig an'id otlier inmprovements on the road ittir Marriott's and Iooney's selections." dovyed by Cr. Hall, seconded by Cr. Kelly, "That tenders lie called for a na-ingi oni the road between thle selec tios of Miss M. Rooney and Mrr J. ,looney, ii the parish of Meerlieu." Movbedl by r. Kelly, seconded by Cr. Crockett, That tenders ii iadled for clearing the maitn Yerumng road to Bartlett's gate, and a culvert at Robin s?n's; also a erussing for children over ithe creek on the we4t side of Robinson's fence; also for crossing at Jones's creek." Moved by Or. Cruckett, seconded by Ur. Kelly, " That tenders be called for gravelling the Crooked River road from Blranch Creek to the intersection of the Briagolong road, and along the Briago hng road to tile gravel formation." Moied by Cr. Crockett, seconded iby 12r. Kelly, "That!tenders be ealled for repairs not exceeding £.5to road from Stockda.e North on the Insolvent Track." Moved iby Cr. Thomson, seconded by Cr. Killeen, "That No. 431:of the Local iGovernment Act,:relating to seedling suckcrs froii live fences aid hedges be enfored Ibv this eouncih." Moved by Cr. Tholison, seconled by Cr. Lathamnl, " That tendlers he called for gravelling formaution oppo-ite M'llwain's "ate." . - Moved by Cr. :Latham,: secondcl by Cr. Kilken, " That the seipervisor call tenders for niext mieeting of council for culvert and earthwork over creek oni Inverbroom road." Moved by Cr. Lathamn. seconded by Cr. Killeeu, "That the supervisor have low crossing maJle over drain at intersee tiin if Hioustin's. main Sale rsad, Niuntin. cst munt t, ex'teed £2." Moved Iby C'r. lnathani. s-iconlel Iby Cr. Killeen, "That th· supervisor take levels of road near Sale creamery, so as to have low places in road drained if pos sible." Moved by Cr. Latham, seconded by Cr. Thomson, "That a low place on Thomson's road between Mansfield's and Miller's near Chinn's corner be repaired at a not exceeding £2; supervisor to act." Moved by Cr. Kelly, seconded by Cr. Crockett, "That tenders be called for improvements on road running north from Munro station to _M Cleeland's, including culvert and formation on swamp, box on new formatiot, near Munro, and clearing the road along south boundary of allot. il from the reserve to the road leading to the creameryT," Moved by Cr. Killeen. seconded by Cr. Latham, " That the supervisor report on Kelly's road from the Heart School to end of formation going south." Moved by Cr. Killeen, seconded by Cr. Latham, "That in consequence of the abundance of grass this season, bush fires would have a most disastrous effect, that this council will prosecute with the utmost rigour the act will allow of anyv persons lighting fires on the roads of the shire without permission from the shire, or any land owner or occupier lighting fires causing themt to be lit, or having fires burning on their land, 3will be samt marily dealt with, to be put in force frotm Dec. 20." [The works overseer's report has not been forwarded to us.] 