[From Melbourne Papers.] VICTORIA. CASTLEMAINE, January 4. A good deal of damage has been done by bush fires recently in the Sutton Grange district. On Fri¡day and yesterday a fire occurred on the property at Faraday belong- ing to Mr. F. Purches, of Chewton. A large quantity of grass and fencing was destroyed, To day a serious fire has been raging on Mr. Pattison's property at Sutton Grange. The grass paddocks have been devastated, and it is feared that the Breadalbane Estate will be damaged considerably before the fire is extinguished. Dust storms of unusual violence have occurred. COLAC, January 4. A fatal accident occurred in the Otway Forest, about 12 miles from here, on Thurs- day last, the victim being a young man named G. R. Fawcett. Deceased and two young men named Foster were driving along the main road to Apollo Bay, and in going over a sapling Fawcett was jolted out of the vehicle, falling upon his head and shoulders. He sustained such injuries to the spinal cord that he expired on New Year's Day. BENDIGO, January 4. Senior-constable Cantwell found the dead body of an elderly man, named John Black, in Lake Weeroona yesterday. The de- ceased's coat, hat, and stick had been left on the bank of the lake. At the magisterial inquiry a finding was recorded of accidental drowning. Mr. Alfred Bailes, M.L.A., and his son, were the means of saving a house at Iron- bark from destruction by fire early yesterday morning. They ran and obtained the reel and hose from Long Gully, and got water on in time to save the building. The Bendigo Fruitgrowers' Association is desirous of establishing a fruit canning factory, but it lacks the necessary capital, and a further appeal to fruitgrowers is to be made. A scrimmage occurred this afternoon be- tween the Sydney men employed in Sell Bros.' circus and some Americans, in which one man was stabbed on the head with a bible fork. BALLARAT, January 4. Three casts of typhoid fevor were ad- mitted to the Ballarat Hospital this morn- ing, the patients being a woman and her two daughters, residents of Ballarat East. Mr. T. Grills' Garibaldi Hotel, at Durham bridge, about five miles from Buninyong, was burnt down early this morning, and one of the family had a narrow escape. The whole of the clothing and furniture were also destroyed. The building was insured, but for what amount and in what office has not transpired. Lewis Patterson, who was injured at Happy Valley on New Year's Day through his horse falling and rolliug over him, died in the hospital to-day. Mr. Edwin Cornish, an old Ballarat pioneer of 1854, died yesterday at the age of 63\. In the early days he and his brother carried on a successful business as wine and spirit merchants in Ballarat East, and they will be remembered by the early Bible Christians as the donors of the first church erected by that denomination in Skipton street, when the rich alluvial mines in the locality were flourishing. DUNNOLLY, January 4. At 7.30 o'clock yesterday morning the body of a man named Leo, aged 77 years, was found on the railway line, He had been run over by the last train to St. Arnaud last night about 1½ miles from Dunolly, and the head was severed from the body, near which was placed, secured by stone, a piece of paper addressed to the ganger, who found the body, on which was written " Take my body to my hut." Mr. W. H. Zangler, J.P., held an inquiry, when a verdict of suicide was returned. The deceased was an old fossicker, and in extremely poor cir- cumstances. GEELONG, January4. A party of excursionists who had made arrangements for spending New Year's Day in holiday fashion at Anglesea River, a watering place on the southern coast, about 27 miles from Geelong, met with a serious accident while traver- sing the most difficult part of the road near a picturesque spot known as the " Devil's Glen." The party consisted of three well-known Geelong residents named Charles Browne, W. Andrews, and C. A. McLeod, and they were driving in a light vehicle driven by two mettlesome ponies. The road near "Devil's Glen" is very pre- cipitous. While going down the hill one of the ponies became fractious, and getting outside the traces upset the conveyance and its occupants, who were all stunned by the fall. The ponies dashed away and smashed the buggy into fragments. The unfortunate holiday-makers remained on the roadway in an unconscious state until picked up by the driver of the Anglesea coach some hours later. They were brought into Geelong and taken to the hospital. The escape of the party from fatul consequences is regarded as most extraordinary by those acquainted with the locality at which the accident occurred. YACKANDANDAH, January 4. On Wednesday the daughter of Mr. James Trebilcock, at Tawonga, 14 years of age, whilst walking through one of her father's paddocks, was bitten on the right leg by a large brown snake, the size of which may be surmised from the two punctures being fully a quarter of an inch apart. Mr. Tre- bilcock being close at hand with a horse and cart the girl was taken home. After a tight ligature had been tied above the bite, Mr. Trebilcock injected one-twelfth of a grain of strychnine, and as the symptoms in- creased he injected another one-twelfth very ahortly afterwards. The child then commenced to vomit freely, but had lost the use of her legs and could not see. These alarming symptoms determined the parents to start at once with their daughter for Yackandandah, a distance of 35 miles. Mr. Trebilcock took the precaution of taking the antidote with him, and it was fortunate that he did so, for during the journey the girl collapsed twice, and had to be roused each time by an injection. She had rallied completely when the party reached Yackandandah, and Mr. Trebilcock had the satisfaction of learning from Dr. Mueller that he had done as well as any medical man could have done under the circumstances, and that his daughter was out of danger, and only required watching through the night .On Thursday morning the child was completely restored, and only showed the two punctures on the leg. There was no excision of the bitten part. 