THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4TH. The SPEAKER took tho Chair at 7.30 p.m. FBEHANTLB HARBOUR WORKS. Mr. MOLLOY moved : "That in the opinion of the Hoase no farther advice from Sir John Coode was needed, and that the Ministry should net further obtain advice from that gentleman in relatiou to Harbour Works at Fremantle." In moving the reso- lution, he would merely say they had bad for soveral years the reports from this eminent gentleman, and it had been generally ad. ruitted that his reports were very contradic tory. He thought it would only hinder the settlement of this sabjeet and delay the con- clusion of the matter if any farther reference was made ta Sir John Coode. Th« COLONIAL TREASURER said he thonght it was hardly necessary for him to erg« upon hon. members not to vote for the motion. It seemed to bim that instead of consulting Sir John Coode, they would, if they passed this motion, be insulting bim. He did not think anything Sir John Coode had dom in this colony deserved from them any such treatment. Whatever they might «ray would not affect him in hie profession, because they all knew he had reached the 'summit of bis fame aB a marine engineer. The opinion they all must have, especially those who bad seen that gentleman and read his reports, was that be was a high-minded, conscientious and able man, and whatever his opinions might be, whether they agreed with him br not, they would not find anyone amongst all the engineers of the world who would say anything disparaging of him. They might net agree with him, but they also knew it would be unbecoming to dis- parage the reputation of a man who had attained Buoh signal success thronghout the empire. They had seen the report of the 'select committee on the harbour works, and it wonld then be for the Executive Govern- ment to carry out the works agreed to by the House, and if it was necessary to consult Sir John Coade, or any other eminent man, before committing the country to a large 'expenditure, the Execntive Government would do BO. At aay rate, it conld not be of interest to the Assembly, at this stage, that ?ooh a motion should be passed prohibiting thé employment of any person, especially when that person had reached euch a summit in bis profession. He thought the best plan would be to leave the matter to the respon- sible Ministers. Mr, RICHARDSON considered the motion was a decided reflection on the intelligence .f th« select committee. Mr. RANDELL said he would oppose the résolution as unnecessary and unjustifiable. Sir John Coode had been consulted hitherto, and they wonld be moving in a wrong direc- tion if they prevented the Ministry from obtaining the best opinions as they were re- quired. He bad the opinion that in their present Engineer they had a man worthy of consideration, but it would be a serious matter to limit the Ministry as to the opinions to be obtained. That would be an improper interférence with the functions of the Ministry. Mr. MOLLOY stated that he said nothing in disparagement of the eminent authority, who was at the head of his profession. (The COLONIAL TREASURER: The motion does.) Ho only moved in this direction, because the country had paid a considerable amount in obtaining the opinion of this great authority, and on his recommendation the Ministry had propounded a écheme of harbour works at Owen Anoborage. That had been abandoned, and a eeleet committee was now at work« while the House had distinctly ahowu that the direction of the harbour i works should take was that of the river ? scheme. This motion of his was not ef a disparaging nature, but it waa merely to con- jure the Government to consulting the practi- cal opinions ef the local authorities, whose opinions were as good as those situated at a distance. The matter had been referred to a aeleot committee, because it was ehown that the Government conld not carry the scheme it broBgbt forward. THE COLONIAL HOSPITAL. Mr. MOLLOY in moving that a commis- sion be appointed to investigate the working of the Colonial Hospital and to report there- on ; to call for auch evidenoe and papera as they might think fit, and to suggest improve- ments should they think improvements neces- sary,^-said tbat for a considerable time past disonssion had been going on in connection with this subject, and bad become more pro nounped in respect te some oomplaints mads by certain ñatees. He was not mov ivg ia ^¡hif matter in consequence of these complaints, but he thought withou any reflection upon the control of tbi Department, it would be evident to hoi members that some improvement in tb accommodation was necessary. Ho woal not speak disparagingly of tho medical erne« having control of the Department, whom b regarded as a thoroughly efficient officer, an the most competent authority in his profei sion in this colony. It was needless for hil to take up tho time of hon. members b dwelling upon this subject. It had "bec mentioned to him by persons outside tbs they bad suffered much from the want < convenience and had been crippled for HI owing to the lack of the at ten tío they needed. Whether the necessity < these improvements had boen brought to. tb notice of tho prinoipal medical officers he wi unable ta say, bat one instance had cou: under his (Mr. Molloy's) notice where an ni fortunate man who had been taken to tl Hospital, suffering from a broken log, wa crippled for life, and would bs an eneumbei ance upon tho State, owing to the neglige nc of the persons who should have attended t him. Mr. CANNING, in seconding tho raotdor said he neither expressed nor implied on single word of disparagement upon the prir oipal medical officer, but it seemed to hi< the accommodation was insufficient. It wai however, a matter entirely beyond th© cen trol of that officer, and it rested with th House to provide it, and with the Govern ment to see that their wishes wore corría out. The ATTORNEY GENERAL said it. wa within the recollection of «orne hon. memjfwi that one or two Commissions of Inquiry ha been appointed some years ago, and be di not eee what pnrpose would bo served <b, another. The Government was »ow con6i Seer ing the introduction of a Bill to place tb Hospital upon the same footing as th hospitals elsewhere. If tbis could be maa aged as the Government hoped it would b( action of the kind he had indicated would b that which the Government would take. H thought he had mentioned this before tbi session. Upon the Estimates now before tbi House the Government had placed a enm o £5,000 for an additional wing to the Hos pi tal, and there was still an unexpended bala: ic< of £J,300 from the loan moneys for the H os pital, BO that they would bave, if the Hoi tai granted the £5,000, £6,300 available to in crease the accommodation of the Hoepit al He thought the Government was doing ai that was advisable in this direction, and he oonld not believe any more light would he thrown npon the matter by the appointment I of a commission. After some remarks from Mr. Quinlan, Mr. MOLLOY said he was unaware before the Attorney General spoke that there was the eum of £5000 in the Estimates, and after hearing what the hon. eentleman said he wonld by leave, withdraw his resolution. The motion was, by leave, withdrawn. BUSHFIBEB. Mr. HARPER in moving that in the opinion of this House further legislation was required for the purpose of reducing the dangers incurred by farmers and others from bush-fires said be need not remind hon. members that the loss by bash-fires every year was very serious to the community. Although they had an Act npon the statute book deal- ing with the subject experience told them it had not bad the effect which was desired. Since it was passed, a new source of danger had arisen by means of fires occurring from travelling engines which in some cases were very serious. Another eource of danger was the ignition of dangerous matches, and he thought it was time some eteps wore taken to see whether it was not possible tn prevent the loss occurring from this cause. He would suggest that the best means of arriving at some idea bow to carry out the résolution would be to consult the authorities of the districts, such as the Roads Boards, the Agricultural Societies, who were keenly alive to tbe importance of the subject. Mr. PIESSE Beclouded the motion whioh he thought was a desirable one. The recur. renee of these fires in the country districts during the past year had been a very serious matter, ewing to tl ie distance they had spread, and the difficnlty of staying their progress. He hoped that during the recess the Government would' take some action in the matter. Mr. TRAYLEN euppor ted the motion, and quoted extracts from a letter he had reoeived shewing the large number of fires caused by railway engines. He suggested that this damage should be minimised by the use of spark-catobers, and that it should be com- pulsory to burn coal instead of wood. Mr. CLARKSON supported the motion, and urged that it would be well te prohibit the importation of any but safety matches. He said that no fires were caused in Toodyay by the engines. Mr. THROSSELL also supported the motion. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said it was strange that no suggestion had been made by any of the pnblio bodies named to tho Government aB to what line of action it should take. If it was, as be thought it was, Bush an important question, it wan re- markable that no suggestions had been re- ceived from those public bodies. The Com- missioner of Railways would only be toe glad to receive suggestions from any one as to the means of preventing fires from being caused by the engines travelling through the country. He was not hostile to the motion but merely wished to show that the Govern- ment was anxious to receive information as to the beat method of preventing bush fires. Tho COMMISSIONER OP RAILWAYS said tl at every possible preoantiou had been taken io prevent hush Aroa from engines, and it was a compliment to the Government that none ot these public bodies had thought it necesaacw to make any suggestion to tho Government. Every engine that left the workshops was provided with a spark arrester, and he was sure no fire had boen caused from the chimney of the engine, althongh it was possible that there may have been drippings from the ash-pan. He did not think any fires had been caused by this hoverer, as tho permanent way men had beeu instructed to take every precaution to prevent these fires. Mr. Clarkson had shewn that these precautions had been observed in tho Toodyay district, and that district was not singular. Mr. TRAYLEN said he not only referred to Government engines, but tho engines of privato companies. Mr. RANDELL rominded the House that come years ago a Dangerous Matches Act had been passed which bad been repealed. He thought there wera some difficulties in tho way of passing such au Act, especially with regard to defining the kind of matches to be used, an l that it would indict a groat deal of hardship upon a large number of people. Mr. HARPER replied briefly, saying that he failed to soe that there would be anj ! difficulty as to the kind of match to bs need, j Mr. PARKER said that with regard to thc fires caused by the engines of private oom anies, the common law provided sufficient remedy for those who suffered damage bj such fires. He, therefore, thought no fur- ther legislation was necessary. He thoughl it would bo well if the Government would inquire whether it was possible for th« farmers to consent to legislation imposing upon them, in the way of clearing or plough ing round their boundaries, which would teni greatly to prevent bush-fires from spreading as they did. He doubted, however, whetbei they would be willing, as if they wero thîti was no need for them to wait for legislatioi on the subject. The motion was agreed to. Mr. PATERSON said that ho lived near i railway owned by private people and he was constantly suffering from fires. He though provision ßhould be also made against sucl fires, at the sarao time as they were legielat ing for the prevention of fires on Governmen linos. Mr. RICHARDSON contended that no only on the Government Railways but oi private lines it ought to bo made compulsor to carry a spark catcher. He thought tha it was a difficult matter to find out whi oansed the fires, and they would want a wbol court of policemen to find the offender. H considered that it was time to have legisla tion on the snbjeot. The ATTORNEY GENERAL after re terring to the debate on the repeal of the ol< Act some time ago, said that fires were fre quently occasioned by the carelessness o people smoking in the bush. He did no think that the country wonld prohibit th introduction of this particular kind of match in fact he considered they could not prohibi its introduction. With regard to tho spar] catchers it was the rule on their railways t carry them, and he did not think that anything they did -would prevent bosh firoB. The morion was agreed to. THE WEST AUSTRALIAN TURF CLUB BILI This BUL was considered in committee am agreed to with amendments. The Bill wai reported te the House, and its considerate made an cider of the day for the followin day. HANSARD REPORTING. The COLONIAL TREASURER moved " That the question of reporting the debate! the editing and printing of Hansard, and th control an 3 superintendence of the reportin staff, be referred to the Joint Standing Order Committe t of both Houses, with tho view c their making Buch suggestions as tbey ma deem advisable to place the Hansard report ing on a (satisfactory footing." Ho said tba the motto a spoke for itself, and it was desi« able that the question of reporting ef Hansar and all n tatters connected with it should b referred to the joint committee. At presen the repo rtiag was ander tba control of th Government, but he thonght it wonld b better if it was placed uudsr the control c the Spea ker and President. The motion was agreed to. Pi .TENT BILL AMENDMENT ACT. This Sill was read a third time an passed. ABORIGINES PROTECTION ACT AMENDMEN BILL. The committees* report was adopted, an the third reading made an order of the da for the following day. THE ESTIMATES. In committee (Adjourned Debate). Mr. TRAYLEN, while thanking the Minis try for their consideration ef Perth and th various munoipalitiea, was afraid some of tb country municipalities would suffer undi the new Bubsidy; He hoped it would h found possible to give them something mot than 10s. in the £ for the npkeep of th roads that run through the towns. H approved of the appointment of Sir Williat Robinson BB Agent General, but would nc agree to a five years appointment, as li considered that an Agent General should I in touch with the colony, which he could nc be, if absent from the oolonv so long. B would ask if tbere wera any ootnmiesior allowed to the Agent General that won! make np his salary to £4000. (The Coi ONiAL TREASURER : No, No.) He approve of the extra salaries to Ministers, owing 1 the special training they bad undergone 1 fit them for the positions they oooupiei However, he boped the Ministry would bric in au amendment to the Constitution Aot 1 make it lawful for them to vote the extra salary. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that his remarks would be directed to those hon. members who did net enter into the chorus of congratulation which tho Ministry bad been accorded. The hon. member, Mr. Canning, in speaking on this subjoet, set himself the task of showing that tho Govern ment had »pent too ranch money. He did not think that the hon. member arrived at that oonolusion from perusing th« estimates, because he male the assertion some time ago, when be charged the Government with lavish and reckless expenditure. Ttiat was before he know anything about the expendi- ture that had taken platte and was about to take place this year. He quoted from the hon. member's speech in reply to the remarks of the Colonial Treasurer. The hon. member, to get out of the difficulty, mentioned as ono item of lavish expenditure, the delegation to Sydney. He would remind the House that the Government brought forward last session a serious of resolutions and ono of th am was to send seven members to the Conference at Sydney, and no objection was made by tfce members of the House. The hon. member, OB that occasion, gave them the benefit of a speech, occupying two columna aud a half of Hansard and bo in no way objected tuen to this lavish expenditure. What grounds had he now of objecting when he had the chance of doing BO, last year, to the extent of 2£ columns. Again, he said that the census was another item of lavish expenditure. The House voted a certain sum for the census returns, and no objection was taken. The expeuditure was d^d- per head of the population in West Australia, while in Queensland it was la. np to the present, and the returns of the cost in Queensland were not complete, owing to the printing not being finished, and that being a big item, the probabilities were that the ls. would be exceeded. Under those cir- cumstances he did not think they could say that in this scattered oonntry the Census ex- penses were items of lavish expenditure. If the bon. member had sat quietly and taken the rebuke administered to him by the Pre- mier for uttering extravagant oharges he would have done mach better than in trying to bolster np charges of lavish expenditure against the Government. The next item he complained about was the Katoomba enter- tainment, and ho was rather astonished at this knowing tho manner in whieh the hen. member's presence was Bought at gathering* of this description. (Laughter.) (Mr. CAN NING : I declined the invitation.) That was an occasion when hospitality was required, and the expenditnre was not lavish. The last item quoted by the bon. mem- ber was the expenses incurred at the inauguration of Responsible Government in October, 1889, but ha could not «av mueh about that becanse the present Government were not in office. (Mr. CANNING : I mean the anniversary.) When an attempt was made to criticise the Government for lavish expenditure, it was generally an occasion when one bon. member should Bhow that there was au excess on th« vote. He had i never yet heard of an attack being made on a Government when they showed an expendí ture of £10,000 less than Parliament had voted to them. Thia was an oooasion when the crying wants of the country should be j attended to ; then what would have been said if with £100,000 in band, they had adopted a hoarding-up policy. The bon. member stated that tbe loan might have been raised on more favourable terms if the market had been watehed. What steps did the Government take to watch the market P The Government sent to England tho Attorney General to watch. Perhaps they did not send the best man. (Tes, yes.) When be went about he was told not to open his month about a loan. He was advised not to say a word about loans for Australia, particularly of a colony that had a very little amountof inscribed stock on the market. He would have liked to hear the hon. member saying before a London audience that the market should have been watehed. It was with tbegreatestdifficultyheiaducedtheirfinancia! agents to attempt such a email amount as £250,000, and it was even more difficult to get them to place the money on the market at par. Tb» loan obtained a premium of 10s. lOd. Some considered it was not a eucoesa, but a failure altogether. The opinion in London was that they had attained a success that was not anticipated, and he was informed that had it not been that a few days previously a telegram came from Vic- toria announcing a large deficit ia their finances, the tenders would have been higher. The hon. member then defended the action of the Government in dealing with the London and Westminster Bank. With regard to Ministers' salaries and the bearing of the Constitution Act upon it was correet, that the ?9th section of the Aet was so worded that it wonld be necessary for the Govern- ment to introduce a Bill to give effect to the increase of these salaries. He was inclined to think that had his attention been drawn to this section before, the Government would not bave taken the trouble to ask an increase in the Ministerial salaries if it in- volved tho amendment of the Act. As hon. members were aware, it was intended to amend the Act for another purpose. The Government proposed to insert the amend- ment in the Bill when it was introduced, and to ask the House for the vote for this year. Í He did not agree with the hon. member that I snob an amendment would necessitate I a dissolution of the House. He also dis I agreed with him concerning the desira- bility of a large immigration Boheme, and pointed ont that when the subject was debated the previous session, most members were opposed to s«eh a scheme. He (the Attorney General) dwelt at some length upon the difficulties in the way of obtaining the suitable class of immigrant, and stated that the Government had been able to obtain only from 50 to 70 men of the kind required, and who would shortly be leaving London for thia ooiony. He next dealt wich the remarks of Mr. Canning and Molloy on the subject of the imports and exports of the colony, and denied that the excees of the first named ever the latter need givo causa for alarm. Ho pointed out that the imports were not paid for with coiu, but the imports and exporta formad practically a system of barter, tbe goods imported being paid for with tho goods exported. Mr. CANNING replied at conaiderablo length. After a short explanation from Mr. Molloy, The COLONIAL TREASURER thanked hon. members for the geuoral Buppsrt they had given to the Government on ita financial policy, and then, without dealing with the arguments put forward by Mr. Canning, ho criticised the position of the hon. member in the House, speaking of bira as ona who represented only himself, and who had no following. He referred to the fact that a few minutes before the House had been near! coasted out as arising out of the disinclina- tion of the House to listen to the hon. mem- ber, and warned him that if he persisted in the course he had adopted, the toleration of members would come to an end, and the House be counted out upon many occasions. Mr. CANNING replied, accusing the Colonial Treasurer of having committed au antrage npon Parliamentary rights and pro- cedure in "daring " to say the House would be counted out. Mr. SIMPSON, after he had bees inter/uptod by Mr. Canning and Mr. Molloy npon peints of order, proceeded to criticise the course pursued by the first named gentleman, and amid freqnent ejacu- lations from Mr. Canning and Mr. Molloy, complained bitterly of the waste of time which was being occasioned by the protrac- ted length cf the debate. Progress was reported and leave given to sit again on Monday week. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 11.30 p.m., till 2.30 p.m. the following day. 