LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY, Thursday, February 4th. The Speaker took the Chair at 7-30 p.m. Mr. Molloy moved "That no further advice from Sir John Coode was need- ed, and that the Ministry, should not further obtain advice from that gentle- |man in relation to Harbour Works at j Fremantle." The Colonial Treasurer ; spoke at some length in reply, princi pally dealing with the reputation achieved by Sir John Coode, and con cluded by saying he thought the best plan would be to leave the matter to the responsible Ministers. Mr. Rich ardson and Mr. Randell also spoke in opposition to the motion, which was negatived on the voices. Mr. Molloy moved that a commis sion be appointed to investigate the working of the Colonial Hospital, and to report thereon. Mr. Canning seconded the motion. The Attorney General pointed out that there was' a sum on the Estimates amounting to some thousands of pounds 'for the ex tension and improvement of the Hos pital. Mr. Quinlan reminded hon ourable members that he had some time earlier in the present session moved in the matter, and had obtained a satisfactory answer from the Govern ment. Mr. Molloy replied that he had overlooked the item on the Estimates. Motion withdrawn. Mr. Harper moved that further legislation was required for the purpose of reducing the dangers incurred by farmers and others from bushfires. Seconded by Mr. Piesse, and supported by Mr. Traylen, and Mr. Clarkson. The Commissioner of Crown Lands while offering no op position to the motion would like to receive suggestions from the various public bodies connected with the pastoral and agricultural- interests. The Commissioner of Railways said every possible precaution had been taken to prevent bushfires from engines. Every . engine that left the Government workshops was provided with a spark arrester, and the per manent way men had special instruc tions to guard against the spread of fires which might be caused by drop pings from the ash-pan. Mr. Randell, Mr. Parker, Mr. Patterson and the Attorney General also spoke to the motion which was agreed to. The W. A, Turf Club Bill was con sidered in committee, agreed to with amendment, and reported. The Colonial Treasurer moved that a joint oommitttee be appointed to enquire into the present method of Hansard reporting with a view of placing it upon a satisfactory footing. Agreed to. The Patent Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed. The Committee's, report on the Aborigines Protection Act Amend ment Bill was adopted. The adjourned debate on the esti mates was continued. The House adjourned at 1130 p.m. 