1 Bv Telegraph. J I (FBOM OUB C0BEE8P0NDENT6. ) ALBUIiY, Feb. 11. A report from xcrong states that harvesting opera tions have been completed in that district. The yield is not as great as mat of last season, and accord ing to report the average will be about 10 bushels per acre, against a yield of 15 bushels for the preceding harvest. The cause attributed for the deficiency is the wet winter and the flooded state of many of the paddocks, where it is said a great deal of grain was destroyed. A report from Clear Kill states that the harvest has turned out well, averaging 15 bushels. Experiments with Steinwedel wheat have not proved Baiisiaciory, as wis variety is suoject so loss uirougn wind-8b along. The farmers say it should be cut for threshing and allowed to ripen m the husk, as if left for stripping much grain is shaken out. BRANXTON, Mokbay. A meeting of farmers and others interested in the district was neld here on Saturday night. The busi ness was to consider a proposal made by Mr. R. H. Wyndham, of Leconfield, to erect a butter factory at Dalwood should the farmers guarantee a sufficient supply of milk. Messrs. H. Lee, of Newcastle, Mr. M'Donall, and Tulloch addressed the meeting. It was unanimously resolved by the farmers present to give the required guarantee. The factory will be erected at once, will start separating with a supply of milk from 500 or 600 cows. This, when com pleted, will be the second factory erected in this dis trict during the last 12 months. Grape-picking has started at several of the large vineyards^ and the others will follow in a few days. The quality of wine promises to be very good, although the quantity will not be great,' caused through the hailstorms at the MrTjur part of the season. COONAMBLE, Monday. Stock movements : — -900 fat sheep, from selections, near Cooraxnble to Hcmebush, via Dubbo, John Dwyer owner, and in charge ; 1700 fat sheep, from selections, Youie to Hcmebosh, via Evlstcae. W. Nott, senior, owner, and in charge : 2100 wethers, from Calga station to Homebush, via Dnhbo, W. M. Ronald and Co. owners, Gibbs in charge ; 12C0 fat mixed sheep, from Bocrbah to Homebush, via Never - tire, Donohue and Byrnes owners, H. O'Brien in charge ; 1700 fat sheep, from Coonimbia to Home bush, via Dubbo, H. P. Blake owner. CGOMA, Feb. 12. Land matters are quiet. Two conditional purchase applications were lodged for 980 acres. The board completed a three da 7s' sitting at Queanbeyan. DENISONTOWN, Tuesday. A mob of sheep (2070 fat ewes) passed through this morning from Bugilbone, on the Namoi, the property of Summer and Benn, en route for Sydney. FORBES, Few, 12. The weather still continues dry and without signs of a change. The following are the crossings over the commons for the week : — February 6, 350 head mixed cattle, from Wowingragong to Eugowra, F. C. Crowe owner ; February 8, 7500 ewes, from Bygaloris to Orange, D. J. M'Leod and Son owners ; February' 9, 5000 mixed sheep, from Wagga to Walgett, Ken nedy and O'Connor owners. Other movements : 5080 ewes, from Bondon to Jemalong, Young Brothers owners. GEEMANTON, Feb. 12. Reports from all sides continue to come of the in crease of rabbits, and many holders are about to fence . their runs with wire netting, and desire that the pro visions of the Rabbit Act should be applied, in order that the rabbits may not be permitted to overrun the district as they have in some parts of the country. GLEN INNES, Tuesday. Stock movements : 20 cattle 5 horses, from Tenter field to Couldoural, John Every owner ; 100 fat sheep, from Pike's Creek to. MQford Farm, D. Bourun owner; 650 mixed sheep, from Snakes' Creek to Casino, Michael M'Nulty owner ; 13 Lincoln rams, by train, from Glengallan, Queensland, to Scone, A. P. Cooper owner. GUNDAGAI, Satubday. The following are the stock movements for the week : — Tuesday : 11,000 sheep from Mandamah station, en route to Tomoordoralan, D. B. Donkin owner, A. Hilder in charge. Thursday : 6000 wethers from Bland, destination Wyangle, owner Thomas Keefe, James Keefe in charge; 5000 wethers from Pomingalarna to Braid wood, H. F. Maldrill owner, W. Hush in charge. Friday: 10,000 sheep from Cucumbla station, en route to Coolamon sta tion mountains, P. J. O'Donnell owner, James Xheii in charge. MOREE, Monday. There is great dissatisfaction at the stoppage of all Government road works. A number of men are going about unable to obtain employment. Grass and water are getting very scarce, and rain is badly wanted. A number of sheep are b-!ing started on the road. The country around here is much over stocked. The question is, What is to be doue with the surplus stock ? ? MURRUMBURRAH, Satubday. Several fires broke out yesterday on the common and a considerable quantity of grass was destroyed. A fire also broke out on Cunningham Plains. Some 80 or 90 persons, station hands and townspeople, after much exertion, succeeded in quelling the mimes. From 50 to 100 acres of grass were consumed. MACLEAN, Tuesday. The Colonial Sugar Company has ordered the necessary gear for portable horse trams to be used in the fields where cane has to be carted a long distance over bad roads and in wet weather. The extra cost to farmers will only be 9d per ton, but it will greatly expedite drawiug in awkward places. The farmers who require it are pleased at the introduction of these line3, which are used in Queensland and in places on the Richmond. NARRANDERA, Feb. 11. The following are the stock passings : — 2600 mixed sheep, from Barellan, Louth, Messrs. Ridout ar.d Sons owners, going to Mountain View, near Coola mon, via Mumbledool and Warri, Pridout in charge; 300 ewes, from Bloomfield, James Slattery owner, consigned to Homebush per rail, from Whitton; 744 wethers, from D. M'Mahon, North Barellan, A D. Rowan owner, going to Yanco Downs, via Millendah and Morundah, W. J. Wills in charge ; 1000 wethers, from Lake Midgeon executors late Hon. E. Flood owners, con signed to Pitt, Son, and Badgery, Homebush, per rafl from Narrandsra ; 400 wethers, from Gomeldrie, _ Waugh, Stanbridge, and \vaugh owners, consigned to Pitt, Son, and. Badgery, Home bush,- per rail from Whitton ; 330 fat ewes and wethers, from Berrembed North, Thomas Ryan owner, consigned to Charles Griffiths and Co., Albury, per rail from Grong Grong. The weather i2 still hot and dry. Rain is badly wanted. NARRABR1, Tuesday. A storm occurred last night at Narrabri, and 42 points of rain fell. At Moree 86 points fell, Wari alda 192, Millie 2, Wee Waa 5, Yetman 74, Inverell 41, Bingaxa 45, Boggabri 12, Gunnedah 43, Tam worth ml, Mamlla 37, Barraba 61, Pilliga 5. The weattier is very hot. SCONE, Feb. 12. - A terrific wind and thunderstorm passed from the westward at half -past 4 o'clock on Wednesday after Boon; lasting for half an hour. One inch and a quarter of rain fell. There were a few large hailstones. The wall of the Wesleyan Chapel, just erected, was blown down, and the roof was blown off a cottage lately completed at St. Aulun's, also two chimneys were demolished. ? TUMBERUMBAj Feb. 12. Bush fires are raging furiously here. Mr. Mate's woolshed, the homestead yards, fences, and grass have been burnt completely by a bushfire on his land south of the town. Two dogs tied up on the premises were also burned to death. _ A party at Paddy's River Falls suffered serious loss. While they were down the hill at the falls a bush fire started- and burnt several sets of harness, several new saddles, and damaged a buggy, burning in all ab^t.£30 worth. One of the party then dis covered %.e fire and saved the remainder 01 the things. They hadto work hard for several hours to putout the fire, and did not reach town till sometime after dark. WAGGA, Feb. 11. The following are the stock passings : — 7000 wethers, T. O'Keffe owner, from Geraldra, going to Wyangle, Tumut, .owner in charge ; these sheep are said to be the best seen on the road for some time; 11,000 sheep, E. B. Donkin owner, from Mandamah, going to Tomorrowa, A. Holder in charge ; 4000 Bheep, Gulson owner, from Gulson's homestead lease, Tarwong, going to Gundegai, owner in charge ; 700 wethers, Briton and Donohoe owners, going to Boyong, Alfred Earle in charge ; . 100 high-class stud ewes, from Booaoke station, going to Western Australia, via Melbourne, by rail ana water. These sheep were purchased by J. G. Gooch for his Wandagee station, Western Australia. Gooch purchased previously from Boonoke. Stud sheep thrive well m Western Australia, and preserve all the best qualities of the celebrated stud from which they were selected. Three thousand prime wethers, from Mount- Manara, going to Deniliquin market ; 28 head cattle, from Quiamong; 600 fat wethers, George. P. Wilson, Big Spring's station, near Wagga, owner, trucked to Homebush; 230 mt lambs, Abraham Booth, Gobbagumbalin station, near Wagga, owner, trucked to Homebush market. Both these lots arc consigned byR. J. Mitchell aud Co., Wagga. Twc hundred kca d of horses, from Mana, Western district, going to Talyalyea station, Hay, Graves, and Paxton ow ueifc. Weir in charge ; 2260 merino wethers, W. Reardou owner, from Albury, going to Cootamundra ; 1075 mixed weanera , Edv.-ard Culnaneowner, fromThugga, goingto YarraYarra ; 620 merino ewes, J-H.M'Mahon owner, from Mudgee going to Wangaratta ; 10,000 sheep, executors D. P. Keogh owners, from Wsrrena station, going to Buddigower, near Maxsdoa, T. Gibbs in charge : 10 head prime horses, G. M*.Ktnnon owner, from OoonambO, going to Wodoags, via Howloag, W. J. M'Alister ia charge ; 990 prime fat wethers, J. M'Donald owner, from Bul gaadra station, 'Walbundrie, tactcil to Mel bourne market ; 4000 ewws, John Hassett^ owner, from Wallanddol station, going to Becall&, via How long, D. M'lvor ia charge ; 2500 merino ewes, Robert Downey owner, from Albury, going to Tumut ; 11,000 sheep, executois D. P. Keogh owners, from Warrena station, going to Buddigower, T. Gibb in charge ; 152 head fat bullocks, John Andrew owner, from owners of Berembed station, Narrandera, going to Melbourne market, J. R. Saunderson in charge, trucked from Wagunyah. Moitdat. The following are the stock passings : — 1050 fat sheep, Wellesley Welman owner, from Arxah station going to Homebush via Coolamon by rail ; 110 fat merino wethers, George Leopard owner, from Corowa going by rail to Melbourne market ; 480 fat merino wethers, W. T. Monahan owner, from Corowa going to Melbourne market by rail ; 6500 wethers, Thomas Keefe owner, from the Bland going to Wyangle, James Keefe in charge ; 5000 wethers, H. F. Maddrell, from Pomingalarna station, near Wagga , going to Braidwood, w. Hush in charge ; 6340 store merino wethers, Wilson and Hopkins owner, from Erronangbang, Carcoar, going to Bal larat, James Hastie in charge ; 130 sheep, J. O'Keefe owner, fromPullitop station, going to Tumberumba, viaLittle BOlabong and Carabost, owner in charge ; 54 head bullocks, Abraham Booth owner, from Goba gumbolin station, near Wagga, going to Melbourne market, via Albury by rail ; 54 head bullocks, Don nelly and Co., from Borambola station going to Melbourne market, via Albury by rail ; 140 Lincoln rams, Rial Bros, owners, from Ciiddell going to Co pabella, via Wagga; 310 mixed sheep, J. Came owner, from Yerong going to Albury by rail ; 100 mixed sheep, Patrick i$ rial an owner, going to Hill Bank, Rosewood, via Wagga, Lovis in charge. Tuesday. Mr. Lyne, Wagga Inspector of Stock, has informed the Temora Land Board that on the stock route from Naraburra to Albury there passed last year more than half a million sheep, and 86,000 head of cattle. The number of sheep travelling from Temora to B armed- man last year was something over 200,000, and of cattle 10,000. Up to the present, for tie year 1892 30,000 sheep have already been reported at Temora station as having passed. WILCANNIA, Saturday. Stock Movements : 7400 ewes, from Nuntherungie station, crossed en route forTicehurst station, W. and E. Kennedy owners, C. Semletzky in charge; 924 wethers left Murtee Station for Stanhope, Victoria, Martin and Co. owners, N. Campbell in charge ; 730 head of mixed cattle, from Palpara station, Queens land, crossed the river en route for Victorian markets, A. and R. Hay owners, J. Maloney in charge. As water is getting low at some of the tanks on the 70 mile track, this will probably be the last mob that will bo able to travel that route before rain falls. j 