GENERAL NEWS. The following maximum Ehade-readingB of ihe thermometer were registered Jan.* IS :— Derby 101, Cossack 107, Aahburton 107, Carnarvon 84, Geraidton 87, Yark 100, Perth 91, Fremantle 82, Bunbury 86, Albany 78., and Esperance 82. At the City Police Jan. 13, W. B. Llewel lyn was fined £2 10s. and costs, or 14 days' hard labor, for assaulting Thomas Linton. James Begue, a boy, was charged with un lawfully absenting himself from the ser vice of Mr. E. K. Courthope, but on promising to return he was discharged George Benbow was fined 20s. and costs, or 14 days, for using insulting language to Stephen Chipper. Henry Hancock, a boy, was remanded to York for trial on a charge of stealing a horse, saddle, and bridle, value £4/0, the property of W. T. Craig, of York. John Howard was committed to seven days' hard labor for the larceny of goods from the box of a former lodger at the Royal Hotel. 'Artisan' writes : Now that Parliament Is in session could not the member* for the city bring under the notice of the Gover nment the desirableness of keeping the delivery branch of the Post Office open un til a later hoar F I have no wish for any additional work to be imposed upon the present staff, but certainly think some con sideration should be shown to the laboring classes, whose. duties will only permit of their visiting the office before it is open in the morning er after it has closed in the evening. Why cannot this branch of our General Post Office be kept open as is the case in the Eastern Colonies, where letters can be obtained up to 8 p.m. ? Even if this should necessitate the appointment of one or two additional bands, £t is surely not too much to concede to the bulk of the popula tion. As a warning to householders not to leave their front doors open we mention an episode that lately occurred in St-George's Terrace. Mrs. Venn, wife of the Hon. the Commissioner of 'Railways, was seated in her drawing room, playing upon the piano, with, the street dour opened, when she observed a shadow. T?.i«rncr and eoine to the door she found a disreputable looking man decamping with an article he had re moved from the hall, and just arrested him in time, and demanded its return. The tbief complied with this request and hur riedly took his departure, but Mrs. Venn has given his name and description to the police. Out Geraidton correspDndent wired to us yesterday afternoon : News is to hand from Mount Magnet that there was a good fall of r«in there yesterday week, and that the diggere were doing fairly well with allu v.al. A correspondent at Not-tham telegraph ing yesterday says : — There is every sign of a thunder-storm, the heat of the ?weather being most oppressive. About fifty men have left here during the week for Yilgarn, mostly labourers-. Munh doubt still exists as to the ultimate decision of Parliament on the Eailway route. It is felt here that should York be chosen the people of that town deserve every credit for the energetic manner in which they have urged their claims. The balance of opinion here on the Harbour works is ia favour of the river scheme. Wheat is coining in freely, the crops all round being much better than were expected. Num bers of people are daily arriving .here in search of land. In the Assembly, Jan. 13, Mr. Bandell, himself a practical eagineei, and a man thoroughly acquainted with the river and harbour, in consequence of his long and leading connection with the lightering firm of Bandell, Knight & Co., paid a high tribute to Mr. O'Connor, the Engineerin Chief, in regard to - his river scheme. The Commissioner of Crown Lands evident ly repented him of Ma indiscreet and dis paraging reference to Mr. O'Connor, at Fremantle, on the previous evening, for be uttered a loud ' Hear, hear,' in endorse ment of Mr. Eanddl's remarks. But this is not a sufficient amend for his extraordinary action. For a member of the Ministry to openly state that he had informed the En gineer-in-Chief that a. plan which he had cirefully prepared and thought out was 'a very pretty picture on paper' demon strates that he. for one, has no confidence in that official's skill and ability, and to re fer to him contemptuously as 'a new prophet ' is an unwarrantable rudeness. The least thing Sir. John Forrest can do is to disclaim any sympathy with his col league's remarks, unless Mr. Marmion himself has the grace to express his regret for them The Commissioner should be able to recognise that for a responsible minister to thus publicly refer to a high official is a most serious matter, as it is in jurious to him by causing the public to lose confidence in his ability. There was a full attendance in the Stran gers Gallery at the Assembly on Jan. 13 during the Harbor Works debate. Mr. DeHamel's speech was a masterly one, and he rotbltssly and effectively pointed out Six John Coode's many contradictory state ments and opinions in the different reports he had sent to the Government of this Colony. From an analytical and syntheti cal point of view Mr. De Hainel's speech was pe: haps the best yet delivered in the Assembly. His object was, however, very apparent, in opposing the reference of the question to a Select Committee. Naturally, as member for Albany, he would like to see it indefinitely shelved, but though mem bers saw the force of his cr.ticism and listened respectfully to what he had to say they are scarcely likely to assist him in his very astute little game. Tile Opposition is gradually increasing, and last night saw another addition to it in the person of Mr. T. G. MoUoy. Iftb* Speaker and Chairman of Committees are included in the list, which we think they fairly may be, there are now eleven mem bers of the Opposition, not excepting those who sit upon the Opposition cross benches. The full list is as follows : — Sir J. G. Lee Steere, Messrs. Bandell, Parker, Canning, Quinlan, B. F. SholL H. Sholl, deHamel, E. F. Darlot, Loton and Molloy. The Hon. Maurice Salom, M.L.C., of South Australia, visited the Legislative Assembly on June 13, and occupied a seat on the floor of the house during the debate on Harbour Works for Fremantle. We have been requested by Mr. David Lane to remind our readers of the necessity to apply for the usual annul licenses with the least possible delay. Already bushfires have done very con- siderable damage in many parts of the colony. Amnng the latest sufferers is Mr. Edward Barron, of the Williams, who lost nearly the whole of his standing crop of wheat, of some 20 acres. Mr. Barron may well have sympathisers in his troubles, since it is less than two years ago that he was very nearly ruined by the same cause. Referring to the murder of the late Mr. Waldeck, the Gullewa correspondent to the Geraldton local paper states : — "The police have gone down with the native Minga, who speared young Waldeck. I believe he made a desperate fight for it when brought to bay, and did not give in until he receiv- ed a bullet or shot wound in the thigh. We are anxiously awaiting this desperado's trial, to see if Exeter Hall philanthropy will stand in the way of retributive justice, or whether common sense and the State's duty to the settlers will be recognised and the murderer sent back here to be hanged or shot?" Extra mails for Dongarra and Geraidton, for transmission per s. Flinders, will be closed at the General Post-office at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, 19th inst. Next Saturday evening is the date fixed for entries to be made in connection with the Anniversary meeting of the W.&. Turf Club, to be held on the 26th instant. We understand it is the intention of the members of the Sons of Australia Benefit Society to erect a pile of buildings on their property, at the corner of Barrack and Goderich streets, similar to the structure recently erected under the supervision of Mr. H. Trigg, at the comer of Hay and Barrack streets, for Messrs. Eveston, Bridges and McKernan. Our Geraldton corrrespondent wired Jan. 14 as follows : — News is to hand of the arrival of the Elder Exploring Party at Mr. Townshend's Coodardy station, on the Murchison. In a communication re ceived from Mr. Lindsay he states that all the members of the expedition are in ex cellent health. He has sent a number of letters and telegrams by. special messenger fer transmission to Adelaide. In the Assembly Jan. 13, the recently elected member for Perth (Mr. T. G. Molloy was introduced by Mr. Canning, and after taking the required oaths, took bis seas on the opposition side of the House, between Mr. De Hamel and Mr. Canning. The mem bers for the three principal constituencies in the colony, are now included in TT?r Majesty's Opposition. Bnt one gleam of humour relieved Mr. De Hamel's speech last evening, and that was the probability, if an ocean steamer got through the Success Bank into Owen Anchorage, that the sand might sflt up, and the steamer would have to be dredged out, at the cost of several thousands of pounds. The prospect of such an untoward state of things caused more amusement than alarm amongst ihe members, but Mr. de Hamel propounded the dreadful contin gency with the utmost gravity, and was evidently of opinion that one brief Nor' Wester would be sufficient to choke up the Success Bank. At the Fremantle Police-court yes terday, before Mr. L. W. Clifton, J.P., John Murray, charged with drunkenness, was sent away with a caution. A correspondent at Carnarvon tele graphed on Monday as follows : — The natives report that the Wooramel River is running within eighty miles of the coast. Consequently it is almost certain that heavy rains have fallen at the Murchison. The numerous friends of Police-Sergeant Claffey wilL regret to learn that he is pro strated with a painful affliction of the heart and has been suffering severely during tie past ieir days. Onr'Adelaide exchanges state it is rum oured that Sir Thomas Elder purposes re calling the exploring expedition which has just arrived at the Murchison, under com mand of Mr. Lindsay. 