DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES IN VICTORIA. GREAT DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY AND STOCK. [BY TELEGBAPH.] (FBOM OTJB COBEESPONDENT.) MBLBOUBNE,.Feb. 10. Reports received during yesterday show that the bush fires, which raged in all parts of the country, have been most disastrous in their effects. The heat which prevailed all over the colony yesterday was exeessive, the thermometer in Melbourne registering over -103 deg. in the shade. In the country dis- tricts the temperature was several degrees higher, while a soorching wind blew with the force of a galo. At Diamond Creek, Marong, and the surrounding districts, the damage done is almost universal. The fires broke out simultaneously in different parbs of t'ie widely-setllsd area, and men going to help neighbours were unexpectedly called to save their own homes. So widespread is the disaster that as yet its full extent is imper- fectly recognised, though it is certain that there has been nothing so disastrous in the way of bush fires since the historic B'ack Thursday, when the Diamond Creek district hadj/be im9nviable distinction of baing the starting point of one of the most terrible fires known in Australia. The fire in the Diamond Creek district was started yesterday morning, through a farmer burning stubble. The lire soon got beyond his control, and raged violently during last night, but it is now baing got under control. Tens of thousands of acrei have been ravaged, and a number of home- steads reduced to ashes, while great loss has boen sustained by the destruction of crop3 and stock. The fire?, which appeared to start in the neighbourhood o! Mansfield, swept across something like 200 sqaare mi'e3 of country, and much^property is destroyed. The losses of stock is reported to be heavy. The Bpeed with which the fires travelled gave tha sheep no chance of getting away, and in the long grassed valleys of the Gou'.bourn even horses and cattle had a poor show. In West Gippsland miles upon miles of country were ravaged by the flames. Hundrods of acres of crop a and several farms were reduced to -ashes. Disastrous fires also occurred in the Werribce Park estate destroying 100,000 aore3 of grass, and great number of stock, in eluding sheep aud cattle- Korrumburra township was 3aved by the change in the direction of tha wind. As it is several houses and huts were destroyed, aad very considerable damage dons to property. Drouin, Foster, Ballarat, Bonnie Doon, Castlemaine, Kilmore, Kooweernp, Mod. Murchison, Port A'bort, Rushworth, Rose- dale, Sale, Yea, and other piacss also report destructive fires. 