Amies Vale— Septembee 25. Present — Messrs. A. Hannemann (chairman}, A. W. Fricker, C. Pearce, M. Eskert, and 0. Leopold. The Chairman said that as'the danger from. bush-fires would be great, owing to the splen did season, he would make a few suggestions for the prevention of damage by same. I£ farmers cannot plough a strip of land all round. the farm they should at least plough or clear along roadways and io other suitable places, so as to divide their holdings into several portions, as then if one ~- portion catches fire the rest might ba saved. They should aleo burn all old chaff, straw, or rubbish which may have accumulated near the farm buildings, haystacks, &c;, before the hot weather sets in. An effective plan is to burn the grass near the farm buildings and around the wheat paddock as soon aa it is dry enough, but before the crops are ripe enough to burn. The end of October is the best time, and this should be done by every farmer. Great care should be taken that no burning coals are thrown out with the ashes. No smoking should be allowed in the field or on the reaping machine, ae by a little sacrifice in this way farmers may perhaps save their own and other -- people's property from destruction. A great many fires could be prevented if no stubble- ? - burning was allowed before 3 p.m., as besides hot winds the whirlwinds in the middle of the day are dangerous. Tracks should be mowed and ploughed round crops and wheat heaps, and only safety matches used, as they are less dangerous than others. The Chairman said that in grabbing busnea on etony land tbe jpnb axe qnickly got blunt .tbrough striking the stones and a good way to prevent this was to drive a -wedge-shaped block of wood, 12 in. long and 5 or 6 in. thick into the ground just behind the place where . you want to eit the bash and eo cut it on tbe block of wood. This will save the axe very much. Members were of opinion that the district ?was not suitable for making en-ilage, as there is not any abundance of natural fodd*^'- fl.'6 greater amount of ensilage is m C* with fodder especially grown and cultivateu for the purpose and thus provision is made against ?the failure by natare to produce an adequate supply. For autumn and early winter careful people sow maize, sorghum, millet, &e; , in drills, cultivate it often during growth and use it either at once or put it by in silos for summer and autumn feed for cows. They usually bow some cereal along with vetches or other Jejrumes and cut the crop in September or October for immediate use or put it in tlie eilo.— Gen. Sac] 