THE HILL OF SEVEN TREES BY BEGINALD HOHSLET, IN Chambers* Miscellany, You know the long blue hill which one can see from Toogong on a clear day ? I mean the one on the top of which grows an irregular circle of six tall ironbarks, with a dead one in the centre. 4 Crum Tree Hill,' it is usually called for short; but the literal trans lation of the native name is * The Hill of Seven Trees.' Well that hill was the scene of an adventure, which, though it ended agreeably enough, yet began in a fashion which threatened a very different termination * and indeed, if it had not been for what Poster is fond of calling my pheno menal luck, and the fact that I have apparently as many liveE as a cat, I should probably not be here to-day to tell the story. I was out after a gang of despera does so ruffianly that their deeds threw all previous bush horrors into the shade. They were known from the name of their leader as 4 The Flower Boys', and as a gang their career bad been remarkably successful, though, individually, of course they suffered from time to time. Eight of them still remained at large, and they kept the country side pretty lively, carry ing out their plans in eo clever a manner that it waB almost impossible to trace them, much less run them to earth. What became of ail the money and valuables they secured, or how they got rid of them, is hard to say, Ifo doubt, many of the small settlers of the baser sort were in their pay, and vast sums must have been expended in keeping shut the mouths of these gentry. But we were certain that, notwithstanding this, a big pile must be stowed away somewhere, and at mess, or round the camp fire, we often speculated as to who the lucky man would be to discover the hoard. One blazing hot February the gang came down in force upon a pack of fools who had been lucky at Tam baroora, and disdaining the services of the escort, started to take their dust down to Sydney on their own account. Things leak out at the diggings, and no doubt some of the 4 Flower Boys ' were on the prowl for news. At any rate, on the second night of their journey the * lueky fire,' as they were called were bailed up, and making some resistance, were shot down and all their gold stolen. It was a few days before the matter came to light, and then, with four picked men, T set to work to scouvt he country for Flower and his gang, for it was pretty certain they were at the bottom of the outrage. We had been out about a week, with never a hint of the men we were after, when one day, as we were riding rather aimlessly over a long flat, Foster, who was on the right, brought tip his horse with a sudden jerk and sprang to the groun.l with a sharp exclamation. 4 What is it, Tom ?' I called out. He stopped to pick up something, and then ran towards me. * Look, sergeant,' he said excitedlr. * What do you make of this ?* ' * What ?' I asked, leaning over my horse's neek as he came up. Foster held up a small nugget of pure gold. ' Nugget don't grow on this sort of soil,* raid he. * No ; and diggers don't come this way down to Sydney,' put in Longmore. ' What do you suppose it means, sergeant?' queried Foster. I did not answer him, and the men fell to discussing the matter among themselves. Indeed, I had scarcely heard Foster's question, for the moment I saw the nugget in his hand an idea had taken strong hold of me, and I sat silently on my horse, work ing it out, with my eyes fixed upon the distant Hill of Seven Trees. ' Boys,' I said at last, rousing my self from my meditations, 'I've a notion this hit of gold means a good deal to us. There is nothing to stick up in this direction; so, if Flower and his gang have passed over this ground and we will assume they have-there is every likelihood that the nugget has bf en dropped by one of them on the way to their lair, wherever that may be.' 41 wish I knew,' interrupted Peter son, fervently. ' Well, if we have decent luek, you will know before to-morrow morning,' I answered. 'How? Why? What do you mean ?' cried the men. ' Look,' I replied, pointing to the bill, from the summit of which curled upwards a thin- very thin, column of smoke, so faint as to be almost invis ible in the simmering distance. ' Bush-fire beginning,' said Long more. ' It may be so,' I acquiesced; 1 but remember, this is an out-of-the-way place, and that smoke may have another origin.' * Flower is too good a bushman to light a fire where it could be seen,' argued Foster. 4 Hope for the best,' I returned. * At all events, it can do no harm to reconnoitre. We are much too far off to have been observed, so we will dis mount for the present, hobble the horses, and remain where we are til! nightfall, when we will go forward and examine the hill.' The afternoon wore on, and by five o'cloek the column of smoke was no longer to be seen. ' What about a bush-fire now ?' I asked. j "Well, probably it was a sand owner's j fire. Flower is a bigger fool than I I take him to be if he lit it.' A» the sun sank behind the ranges, j we jumped into our saddles again, and in a couple of hours reached the base of the hill, which, as you may know, juts out in a very peculiar fashion from the range of which it forms part, showing a bold, precipitoas front to the east, and sloping away in a long ridge, or neck, to the hills behind it. ' It is useless to attempt to scale that, lads,' I said, looking up at the rugged face of the cliff that towered above us, * We must work rouDd and climb up the neck. Vincent, you stay here by the horses, and keep jour eyes open and your six-shooter handy. The rest of you come with me.' And with a parting word to him, we plunged into the darkness and made for the ridge on the right side of ihe hill. Once round the face of the cliff, the ascent was fairly easy over the stone-strewn ridges, and in no very long time we stood upon the summit oF the spur, nearly half a mile from the front of the hill. Then I called a whispered halt, and gathered my men around me. * Ifow lads,' I said, * we must search this hill thoroughly. (Jo slow, for we have plenty of time before us, and the work must be well done. Spread out in a long line, and examine every inch of the ground. If one of you discover anything he thinks I ought to know, let him hoot thrice like the mopoke, and I'll join him. The same cry thrice repeated wil! be the signal for the rest to come up. If nothing comes of it all, we'll rendezvous at this point at sunrise. Be very careful. The moon will soon be up, and then you must take advantage of whatever cover you can find. Above all, don't hurry. To your places.' We started in an extended line, like skirmishers, Foster on the extreme left, Peterson next, and then myself while liongmore took up his position on the right. For some time we worked on with out result, and not a sound broke the stillness ot the night. Then, suddenly, from the left came the mournful notes of the mopoke, thrice repeated. * Confound it !* I thought. * I wish tbe signal had come from the other side. One can never trust Tom Foster except in a fight.* However, there was no help for it, and I turned and make my way in t he direction, of the sound, wondering what mare's-nest Foster hadldiscovered, and giumbling generally, when all at once the ground seemed to glide from under me, and the next moment I felt myself falling, falling, falling, through what seemed in the pitchy darkness on infinity of space. Instantly the horri fying thought shot through my brain, ' I have gone over the edge of the cliff;' then I plunged violently into a thick shrub, rolled out of it, off again, crasli ing through the bushes and saplings, grasping wildly right and left, and clutching madly at whatever came in my way, till at length my headlong course was arrested by some hard object, against which I came sideways with a fearful thump, which nearly knocked all the remaining breath out of my body. Then, as I felt myself slipping away again, I made a desper ate effort to recover myself, and flung my arms rouud the opportune obstacle which had arrested my fall, while at , the same time a large piece of rock, ' dislodged by my struggles, went whirl ing into the air, struck a ledge imme diately below, rebounded off, and thundered down the side of the steep, while I hung on to my friendly support with a tenacity born more of terror than of necessity. But there is some excuse for a man who has fallen I don't know bow many feet through space, and then rolled I don't know how many more down a rouob mountain side. ° Presently, however, I began to collect my scattered senses, and then I saw thai I was clinging to the trunk of a sassafras tree, which grew out and made a convenient angle, into n hich I had fallen, and but for which I should doubtless have gone the way of the rock. While my arms clung to the tree, my body lay stretched on a «naU projecting ledge, so that T soon realised that all danger was over for the time being, and, loosening my hold of the tree, felt myself all over, and stretched my legs to see if any bones were broken. No. I was badly bruised and shaken, but otherwise <juite unhurt, aud I took a fresh grip of the tree, intending to haul myself up into a more comfortable position, when in an instant I stiffened into immobility, and lay as still as a snake in the sand, my face buried in my arms, lest the sound of mv breathing should betray me. And this was the reason. Immediately below me I heard rough voices conversing to gether in low tones, and evidentlv not more than a few feet away. For a moment I lay and listened, as "from beneath caaie up a muttered con versation. ' Wot d' yer reckon it wuz, Bill ? Wallaby ?' ( Wailaby, be blowed!' answered Bill. ^ * It was a great junlc of rock. I seen it strike 'ere and go over. It just missed my head. ' I wish 'it had beeu one ov them troopers,' said a third voice with heart felt emphasis. A fourth voice added a word or two which I faileJ to catch, and then the first speaker exclaimed with a fierce oath : 4 Well, it ip all right, anyway. Whatever it was, he's gone to the bottom long ago. I'm going to turn in again.* Then for a moment there was a shuffling of feet, and afterwards silence, profound and enduring. J I lay as quiet as a mouse, toy eves { fixed upon a silver streak that touched a low bank of clouds somewhere in the sky. The moon was rising, and when once she was up, I should know better what to do. Just then a spasm of dismay seized mo, Foster, having given the signal, would naturally be waiting for ine. What if, finding I did not join him, he should coo-ee! He was ass enough to do it; and if he did, good-bye to all chance of coming unawares upon my game below. It was scarcely likely my men had not noticed the noise I made in my falling, but I only hoped the same idea occurred to them as had occurred to the fellows underneath me-namely, that a rock had been dislodged from its bed. I felt thankful I had not cried out as I fell. Profound stillness reigned, how ever, I concluded Foster was showing ! a most unusual discretion, or that he had fallen in with Longmoreand Peter son, both of whom knew better than to give any indication of their where abouts. A quarter of an hour passed, and the silver fringe on the cloud-bank grew more intensely brilliant, and at last a magnificent full-orbed moon sailed majestically into the sky, shin ing with such radiance that one might have supposed it to be day. I gaze about me in astonishment. From the ledge on which I lay I could see that I had fallen down one side of a great chasm, a hundred feet wide, which apparently clove the Hill of Seven Trees in two. Having taken a broad survey of my position, I began to examine the im mediate vicinity. I found that I lay on a narrow out-jutting rock about six feet wide, down the slope siJe of which I must inevitably have slidden bad I not grasped the tree in time. Immediateiy below me was a ledge about fourteen feet long, and on this, I at once concluded, had stood the men whose voices 1 had heard. But where were they now ? That was the puzzle. Just then, I heard a curious -sound, and craned my neck over the rock as far as I could. But its surface slanted so peculiarly that still I could see nothing but the ledge. Again the sound was repeated-this time an unmistakable snore. * Ah, there they are,' I said to my self, ' sleeping the sleep of the just.' But where? Ou the ledge, under the shelter of my rock F Or-ah ! I had it. The truth flashed upon me in a moment. There was a cave or hole in the side of the gully, and they were in it. How could I get down to the ledge ? I leaned over still farther. Yes, it could be done. It was only a drop of six feet or. so, the trees grew out over the ledge, and if I swung on to that, my feet would almost toueh the rock. At that moment, while my head still hung over the edge of the rock, there was a sudden movement beneath me, and a burly ruffian stepped on to the platform and stood in the clear moonlight looking about him. I am used to surprices, and I kept quiet, though my heart thumped so violently against my ribs that it seemed to me he could not fail to hear it. However, he stood still and made no sign. So close was he that I could have knocked off his cap by stretching out my arm. Had he looked up, he must have seen me ; but he did not, and I Jay breath less, motionless, rigid as the rock upon which I was stretehed, I heard h im soliloquise: ' What's the use of keep ing the confounded watch P There's nobody round. I'm going to turn in "like the rest of them.' (To he continued.) j 