BUSHF1RE AT DONGARRA. [ BY TELEGRAPH PEIITU, Monday. AT Dongarra on Saturday a special train conveyintr the Midland Railway Compauy's inspectors and others set tiro to the country just out of Dongarra. A strong wind was blowing ami tin) lire spread fast, destroying all the crops and a quantity of fencing and feed, doing d kiii,ige to a very large amount Mr. C. G.Millar is expected to arrive here at tho end of this week. ON and after Saturday, 2l3t inst., during the summer months, Edward Barnett, & Co will not close until 10 p.m. on Saturdays.* AMONG the passengers which arrived here on Saturday by the R.M.S. Oroya were Captain Cowan and Sergeants Hodgkin anil Tassell of the W.A. Ritle team. ALUANY RACKS.—-The nominations for the handicaps of tho Albany Turf Club's annual races close on Wednesday evening ext at the Freemasons' Hotel. THERE is an impression in Perth that fully twenty thousand people will visit this Colony next year. Mr J. M. Smith of the Australian inintj Standard reckons that double that umber will come over. AMONG the passengers from Melbourne by the O.K.M.S. Oroya which arrived here on Saturday were Sir Arthur Stepney Bart who is on a visit to the Colonics. Sir Arthur proceeded to Perth by last evening's train. AMONG the passengers which arrived here on Saturday evening by the s.s. New Gmuea was Mr. J. M. Smith manager of the Australia Minintj Standard of Sydney, Mr. Smith will, during his stay in the Colony visit the Mnrchison and Coolgardie Gold fields. Mr. Brodie has arrived from Dundas Hills by the Kva. lie says that his claim is under offer to the Messrs. Millar. So soon as there is a certainty of machinery being placed on the field, it is crtain, lie says, that many claims will he taken up and worked. W.A. FISHEBIES.—Mr. Saville Kent, the Commissioneriof Fisheries, arrived here from Perth on Saturday morning. He will remain in Albany until Friday morning when he will proceed to the Eastern Colonies. During his stay here Mr. Saville Kent will make an inspection of the different bays round Albany a3 to their suitability for fish culture. This morning he went, accompanied by Captain Butcher, on a visit of inspection to Oyster Harbor. THE racehorse The Imp arrived by the s.s. New Guinea yesterday morning and was landed during the day and is now located at the London Hotel. The owner Mr. James Carr, of Adelaide, visited the Albany Race course yesterday in company with the Secretary and expressed himself as being very pleased with the track. He intends keeping The Imp here for a few days to get over his sea trip. He will then be taken on to Perth to fill his engagements at the New Year's Meeting. The Imp is a brown colt by the Englishman out of Satanella, age 3 years He is accompanied by a jockey named Hodgkins. The Imp carries 8st. in the Perth Cup. WITH regard to the dangerous wall near the Post Office, we understand, that the opinion of the Town Suiveyor, Mr. Green shields, was sought by the Government Resi dent some months ago. Mr. Greenshields recommended first that five feet be taken off the walland an open railing putround ; failing this that an iron band be put round the wall anil strapped round the pier with two tie rods about 25 feet long, secured to anchor posts, buried below the approach to the Post Offico. The iron band has been placed, but the essential feature of Mr. Grceushields' suggestion, the iron rods and anchor posts have been omitted. The placing of the iron hand is a waste of money and the only effect is to make the wall far more dangerous than it was before. 