THE VETERINARIAN. FOOT-ROT IN SHEEP. By Bruki. Among the very few ailments from which the sheep suffered in the early days of Vic torian settlement was foot-rot. The disease extended over the larger portion of the country, but it was of a comparatively mild type, and yielded readily to treatment. In the rich 6oil and heavy pastures of the Western district merino sheep became badly affected with loot-rot, and it was soon made manifest that fine-wool sheep could not be kept in health in that locality. The main cause of the evil was yardiug the sheep at night, the ground chosen not being always | suitable, and the hurdles not being shifted I sufficiently often. When the sheep were camped out foot-rot diminished greatly, and then followed fencing in and dividing the pastoral properties into paddocks, whicli had the effect of causing the disease to almost entirely disappear. For many years no one spoke of foot-rot in sheep as a serious trouble, and it had never been seen on the Kiverina plains. A few years ago the sheep in Southern Riverina became affected with the disease, but not much care was bestowed upon it at first. It was found, however, that the mode of treating the disease which was practised in the early days of Victoria was | ineffectual, and that the foot-rot which attacked the sheep in Kiverina was of a far more virulent type than that which was I known of old. It Bpread rapidly from the hoofs to the joints, and once a sheep's legs became distorted from the disease it was of little or 110 after use. I had always pinned my faith to arsenic as an infallible remedy for this disease, and was. I think, the first to run sheep through a trough filled with a solution of that drug to cure foot-rot. The arsenic remedy was tried by many Riverine flockmasters, but it did not prove the success that was anticipated. The dis ease has spread over Riverina. and has ad vanced through Western New South A Vales till it has approached the Queensland border. The type of foot-rot prevalent in Central Aus tralia is highly contagious ; even a bush-fire has failed to destroy the germs of the disease. A flockmaster in Central Australia lately gave me a strong proof of the readiness with which the ground may be infected. A couple ot sheep suffering from the disease escaped from a travelling flock into a wayside pad dock. They were soon discovered and at once removed, but soon after the sheep in that paddock—that had never before suffered from foot-rot—began to go lame, and in a few weeks there were a large number of them bad with the disease. What makes this proof of the contagious nature of the disease all the stronger is the fact that foot-rot had never before been known in that paddock. The remedies for foot-rot are numerous and variable. Butyr of antimony was used when the disease first appeared among Victorian sheep, but it was soon given up, for what reason I do not know, as it was before my day. Bluestone, both powdered and in solution, was used for many years, and with fairly successtul results. When arsenic came into use as a cure for scab, it was noticed that a solution of arsenic, though the most dangerous of all dips, was excellent for diseased feet It was through ' noticing this effect that I was induced to run Bheepsuffering from foot-rot through a trough filled with a solution of arsenic. Grazier," writing in The Aiutlralaxian, January 20, 1888, says" In using lime for foot-rot pass the sheep through a trough about 15ft long, as many inches wide, with 3in. or 4in. of water in which a small quantity of dry lime has been mixed. It should not be made so caustic with lime as materially to harden the hoof or affect the skin. I found it more effectual than arsenic, and without danger to other animals." Some years ago, Mr. A. L. Faithful, Springfield, New South Wales, I told me that he had met with considerable ] Buccess with the following remedy:—"One or two ounces of arsenic and a handful of salt to the gallon of water. Boil for six hours, and run the sheep through twice a week." A Vermont sheepbreeder states that! foot- rot can be entirely eradicated from a fiock of sheep by dipping the feet of every member of the iiock into kerosene oil, and then putting a pinch of sulphur between the hoofs. One repetition of the treatment at the end of two weeks, he claims, will be sufficient. I have not heard of this remedy having been tried in Australia. It is ap plicable only to a stud or small fiock. In combating this disease the stockowner will find it best to adopt preventive measures, for the old saying. "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure," applies to this as well as to every other ailment to which man and beast are liable. This ounce of preven tion, I think, has been found by an owner of large flocks in Kiverina. He thus describee his trouble with foot-rot and the means he employed to overcome it "Two years ago we had tens of thousands of sheep very bad with foot-rot; there was no end of trouble with them, and it was well on into summer before they were anything like sound. Since then I have had troughs fixed in each yard, and put all the sheep through three times a year, or more if it is considered necessary. This has the good effect of pre venting foot-rot end the cost is very small when compared with that entailed by the usual plan of dressing sheep when they are badly affected. The disease commences with a scald, wliich rapidly develops in the winter or spring. I -prefer running the sheep through the troughs before they show any signs of lameness. The materials we use are arsenic, bluestone, and common salt, in the proportion ol loz. arsenic, ioz. bluestone, and 2oz. salt to the gallon of water." the gentleman who furnishes this remedy for footrot is on experienced sheep fanner, and any statement he makes is worthy the caretul consideration of Austra lian flockmasters. The great object with the sheepbreeder on . the vast plaihB of Central Australia is to obtain -some preventive measure that is inexpen sive, easy of application, and effec tive. The expense of treating large numbers of sheep Buffering from foot-rot jn an ad vanced stage would be a serious tax on an In dustry that is by no means in a prosperous con dition ; besides, the skilled labour is hot avail; able to treat lame numbers of diseased sheep in any port nf-Australia. All experience goes to snow that when the disease has ex-' tended under the ho<5f the most essential thing towards effebting1 a . cure is . skilfuj paring so as teinoye all the diseased parts without causing the feet to bleed. Abo ve all, care should be taken hot to cut the toe vein/ Ttetne^nentof foot-rot^hasbecomes,moet tive measures will i>e received us agreatdooon. Where the flocks nuyj# from 100,000 to 800,000sheep, an outbreak of a virulen t disease like the new .type, of foot-rot sill entail every heavy expenditure innhe treatment «f the disease, it willresult in a considerable re aubttOnlhth'e season's clip of wool, and there wiUbenolataUwk. 