? CHERRY VALE, YOUNG. Having a three daj's engagement in Young, ana having seen an article from the Burrangong Argus concerning the above orchard we naturally Decame very anxious to see it for ourselves, We take a keen interest in all such evidences of industry and skill. We have had the pleasure of reporting upon Mr. Brunskill's model farm at Uranquinty. We have often visited one of the very best orchards in New South Wales-the one owned and managed by Mr. Middlemass at Moona, Deniliquin, end we must say that the magnificence of his grapes, peaches, and plains have rarely if ever been excelled so far as our expenence goes. But for extent of ground and for number of trees in bearing or in early process of growth Mr. Jasprizza's orchard beats all our eyes have seen He is most remarkable for his cherries. They are very flue, many of them being twice as large as those we are accustomed to see. It seems that the district is remarkably well adapted to cherry-growing, We have no recollection of cherries in Riverina, though we believe there are a few grown, but this is likely to prove one of the best cherry districts in ihe colony. In Mr. Jasprizza's orchard at Cherry Vale there are no less than 15,000 cherry trees., 8000 of which are in bearing, and for the harvest of which he has this very season leceived io cash payments upwaids of £3000. We purchased a case of white hearts from him. It weighed 201b., and cost 5s. A similar case tf Florence cherries cost us 7s. It is easy, there* fore, to see how fine an income is derived from 8000 trees in full bearing. To gather this grand harveBt he employs 50 pickers, 6 packers, and 2 young men to nail the lids on the cases. Besides these, several are employed carting the cherries to the railway station. The working expenses cannot be considered high, and the pro fits must be very encouraging. The plantation is situated about three miles from Young. On approaching it by a track which leads on to Monteagle, we had the usual experience of gum trees and a serpentine course, with plenty of jolting over the rough places; but when we sighted the orchard all was changed. Before our eyes there Btretched in emerald beauty 60,000 vines, tbe above named 16,000 cherry treeB, together with a number of apple, pear, quince, plum, apricot, and other trees, the whole standing upon a cultivated area 160 acres in extent. Such a sight is charming to the eye of Nature's lovers, and particularly so when upon beauty we can superinduce utilitarianism, and derive an added pleasure from the thought of the prosperity such plantations bring to the colony. This vaBt orchard is the out-growth of a cabbage garden. LeBS than 20 years ago Mr. Jasprizza had nothing more than a cabbage garden, in which he often wrought until 10 at night after commencing at 4 in the morning. During tbe daytime he often travelled hawking his produce for sale. The people used to say that he was mad; but then it is always difficult to under- stand the phenomenon of a man actually taking an enthusiastic interest in his work. Now, however, people begin to think that the sane and fooliBh have exchanged places, and they only wish they were in the easy circumstances of Jasprizza. From the profits of his vegetables be procured a few trees, and so formed the nucleus of bis now magnificent orchard. The erstwhile cabbage gardener has now become a prince of orchardistB, He has 12 different kinds of cherries at present. Of these he says the Margaret is by far the best for eating. After that he places the Florence, tl e White-heart, and the Black- heart. We shall not soon forget the feast of Margarets we bad. FirBt there was the feast to the eye, as they hung in clusters upon the tree—large* luscious, almost jet black, nestling under the tender green leaves. It was something quite new to us to see a tree of black cherries, and it was no small treat to the palate when upon that burning-hot, sultry, bushfire, hazy day, we had the pleasure of eating some, Our orchardist, in common with his confreres, has been troubled to 80.ee extent by his cherries at an early stage turning yellow and falling off. He could not tell us what was the canse, as tbe affected trees, so far as he knew, were sound and healthy, and situated auaongst trees that have ripened their fruit satisfactorily. 