Of all the news the cable has recently brought us nothing approaches in im portance the intelligence that Alsace and Lorraine, but yesterday so faith- ful to their old associations, had de manded to be admitted to full.member ship in the German Empire, to' become states of. that organisation, exactly as the South German principalities did in 1870 71. These famous provinces will therefore no more be mere prizes of war, but will form an iutegral part of the Empire, which must not only be defeated, but beaten beyond hope be fore they can again become the spoil of France. It is the very irony of fate that such, a-blow as this should be dealt to the Republic at the exact moment ..when by incredible, sacrifices she has forced her Imperial foe to acknowledge that even when allied with Austria and Italy, Ger many must put every man .into the field to be in a position to cope with a possible Franco-Russian Alliance. Germany is by this movement strengthened far more than by the addition of a couple of hundred thousand men in her army. She has Jn„fut.ure. .no .disaffected subjects -to hold in check. The Alsatians are not a war-loving people, but they are good soldiers notwithstanding; and faithful and true. They have stood by France loyally in defeat again and again, -and have hitherto honestly kept from volun tary amalgamation with the conquering Germans. They have now virtually seceded, and as, after all, they are joining their own kindred, it is likely that the German Emperor, if- his ad visers give them the welcome that they are entitled to expect, will have no more loyal subjects than these Rhine landers who have so often seen their country made the battlefield of na tions. So far the news has excited little comment, which is the more strange in consideration of the fact that it comes at a crisis when' France could least, afford, a loss which must have far reaching consequences. It comes just when Russia, alway coquetting with those powers she thinks likely to aid -'her traditional policy, is once more making a move of amity towards Germany. It comes, too, at a time wlien the Bismarck policy, to which France owed her dismemberment, was sadly in need of rehabilitation. All the world cried out that in insisting upon the annexation of Alsace and Lorraine, Bismarck was storing future trouble for the new Empire. But the acceptance of the situation by the provinces gives Germany an impreg nable frontier, and safeguards the "Rhine with sentinels bound by a common ancestry, a common language, and a common constitution. Will it be wonderful if Russia, influenced by such a revelation, should remember the famous declaration, “that the Eastern question was not worth the life of -a . single Pome ranian grenadier,” and reflect upon the enormous price she must pay for a French alliance, and the com paratively modest terms upon which she might obtain German assistance? The powers that form the triple alli ance are reeling beneath the weight of their vast armies. Once free from the dread that Russia would throw in her lot with France, they might reduce their armaments with safety. France would be isolated, and all that would be necessary would be to maintain jointly such forces as would in the aggre gate outnumber those of the republic. In some such conclusion the present strain must end, for it is unbearable. In case of such an agreement France would become relatively weaker every year. Her ' population is worse than stationary, inasmuch as its rate of increase, always of late years small, diminishes annually. The German races increase rapidly; the Russian cradle is always full; and, released from the drain of blood and substance which the present armaments entail, the northern nations would progress at a rate which would soon render them regardless of French enmity. It is by no means pleasant to watch the embarrassments of a great nation, but it is impossible not to realise that, in spite of her enormous military strength, France is on the down ward path. The Pauama revelations have shaken the confidence of the people in their Republican leaders, just as the disclosure of the wholesale frauds of Imperial ad ministrators shook their faith' in the empire, and just as the miserable stock jobbing expedients of Louis Piiillippe destroyed all loyalty to the house of Orleans. The discovery that the vast sums levied for military purposes had been misused and embezzled did more to ruin Napoleon than the disaster of Sedan; and the story that the king himself sent false news to the Bourse to influence the prices of stocks in which he continually speculated, whether true.or false, settled the fate of the monarchy. The chiefs of the Republic are practically accused of conniving at the plunder of the Panama shareholders in order that they might obtain subsidies from the managers of the company, not for their own uses, but for the maintenance of their power. A nation whose rulers do not possess the confidence of the people is already in imminent danger. If France is to maintain her proud eminence, internal reforms will do more for her than great armies, and the very first of these reforms must be that which will secure purity of administration. It is more than likely that the recent disclosures have in fluenced the movement of the Alsatians towards Germany; it is certain that they have lowered French prestige. Happily France has unrivalled re cuperative power when she chooses to exert it, and the world will gladly welcome and forward ’any movement by which' she may take a leading place in the peaceful brother hood of nations. At present she is the disturber of Europe, for no man can tell when she may not set the continent in a blaze. But if she would recognise the situation and make the best of it, her people, re leased from their burdens, would set her foremost in all the gentler arts which unerringly conduct to national prosperity. Parliament meets today, but it is understood on all sides that the meet ing is purely formal. It resembles nothing so much as those dismal pro ceedings which take place between contending forces during a temporary cessation of hostilities, when soldiers of both armies wander over the battle field to bury their dead and remove their wounded. The common object is to clear the arena and get away to rest as quickly as possible. That is the present intention of the Assembly. Ask any member of the House what will be done in Parliament to-night, and he will say—“ Oh, shut it all up. and clear out;” To this end the esti mates will be passed without criticism, which would indeed be worthless now that the money is gone; and the legislation which was to have distin guished the session will be abandoned. The only comforting reflection is that the log-rolling which so many honor able members had planned will now be confined to the process of rolling the logs out of the way.. They were many and various. They included thirty railways demanded by nineteen. mem bers,-one gentleman requiring five, two others/insisting on three each, four asking for a couple, and the.other eleven contenting themselves -with single lines.'- There is" some slight satisfaction in the thought that they will all be disappointed together, as will be the members who insisted on adding new tentacles to the octopus bill of Mr Shiels. The bills to be discharged from the paper are un fortunately far more important. They include the Opium Bill, the Lunacy Act Amendment Bill, the Carriers arid Innkeepers Act Amendment Bill, the Amendment Bill, the Rail way-dounmittee Act Amendment Bill, and tlie Metropolitan Cemetery Bill, besides a number of measures down for the conclusion of the second reading debates. The Premier will ask the House to pass the Municipal Subsidy Reduction, the Teachers Bill, and the Village Settlement Bill. He will bring in a bill authorising the construc tion of-ofte railway, that from Natimuk to Goroke, to be followed by two or three others, and will thus end one of the most unsatisfactory and unproduc tive sessions upon record. No one will grudge the Government the recess necessary to mature their measures, and everyone will hope that the members of- both sides of the House will spend it in earnest consideration of the need for at least temporary unity. When the Assembly meets again, which it should do at the latest by the end of May, the need for prompt de cision will be imminent. The question will be not whether the measures pro posed are theoretically the very best that could N be devised, but whether •they are in themselves equal to the work required of them The one thing that members will have to recollect' is that there will be practically no time for deliberation, excepting of a brief, direct, and con clusive character. The great fact of the position is the deficit, and the necessity for adding that amount, even for a short term, to the funded debt is by no means likely to advance the national credit. The immediate duty will be such an adjustment of the national income and expenditure as will make them balance each other, and unless this is done our chance of getting the money to meet I the liabilities that .have to be faced ! at the end of the year is very small. That our country is rich, our liabilities a mere per centage of our means, and our actual ability to pay undoubted, are all mere words in view of the fact that we have three millions and a half to find by December to meet bills falling due, and that unless our house is set in order we shall not get the money. Therefore the Assembly cannot too quickly get away for a period of reflection, to return, let us hope, in a business-like humour deter mined to do the work it is paid for, and postpone political conflict until the pecuniary problems of the day have been successfully solved. A special meeting nf the Hospital com mittee was held last evening for the purpose of considering the respective recommenda tions of the house committee .and of the honorary medical stuff in regard to the posi tion of resident surgeon of the institution. The house committee suggested that one medicut officer be appointed at a salary of £3OO per annum, while the honorary staff recommended the , appointment of two officers at salaries of £l5O and £5O a year .respectively. The question was fully discussed, and it was finally decided to advertise for two surgeons, as suggested by the staff, and in the event of the creden tials being satisfactory, to give the system a trial, the officers being under a monthly en gagement. Another suggestion in regard to tha appointment nf two extra lion, physicians and two honorary surgeons to attend to out patients only, wag referred to the annual* meeting, when the proposals to alter the' mode of election of the honorary staff will also he considered. A report of the meeting appears in another column. In another column we publish a graphic account nf one of the recent bush fires in the North-Eastern district. It is from the pen of a young lady resident in the locality where the fire occurred. Private references are omitted, hut the description of unplea sant experiences will be found interesting and brightly written. Mr Gladstone was to introduce the Home Rule Bill into the British Parliament yester day. The question of lighting the City and Town by electricity was discussed at some length at the meetiug nf the City Council yesterday afternoon. The mayor reported that at the meeting of the joint committee a motion was carried affirming the desirability of uniting in such a movement, aud that another meeting would be held on Friday next to discuss the proposed basis and scheme. Cr Slinppee moved—“ That it is desirable that the two corporations should combine to provide a joint scheme of elec tric lighting.” This was seconded by Cr M’Doimld. Cr Bell said they should have some information before them as to how money was to be raised, what pro portion they were to bear of the borrowed capital, and other points. He considered it the height of absurdity to speak about combining for electric lighting. There was no provision iu the Local Govern ment Act giving them power to combine for the purpose. He thought the matter should he postponed until amalgamation was brought about, when they would have no difficulty at all in carrying it out. Cr Slloppee— “ When?" Cr Bell said there was nothing to prevent a decision being arrived atshortly on the amalgamation then electric lighting would be facilitated. The mayor said the joint committee had been unanimous in the opinion that a joint scheme of electric lighting was desiiable. The tech nicalities would have to be urranged at future meetings. If they blocked this now, where was amalgamation going to come from ? If they could not agree over a little joint work, how were they to agree on the larger question ? Cr Morey thought some sort of a soheme should have been placed before them. They could easily get the best information on the subject obtainable, as the City of Melbourne had gone to a great expense to get it, Cr ] Bell said he did not object to the adoption of the mayor’s report, but opposed the pass l iug of au abstract resolution which might have to be rescinded. Cr Thompson said they had plenty of information on the sub j ct at their disposal. Cr Retallack said he had been pleased to see the unanimity that existed between the councillors of the City aud Town. They would save £l5OO in the lighting of street lampß alone. Cr Morey moved and Cr Bell seconded an amendment that the report be odopied. Cr Shoppee’s motion was, however, carried. The hearing of the charge of larceny against Mrs Martha Freeman and Ernest Hoare was resumed yesterday, at the City Police Court, before Messrs Archer, Acheson, Edwards, Hunter, and M 'Donald, J'e.P. There was a very large attendance of the public, including a number of females, who had evidently been attracted by a morbid curiosity to listen to a most unpleasant case. Mr Tutliill appeared for the prosecution, and Mr Robinson for the defence. The witness Freeman, who was taken ill on Saturday, completed his evidence, and was cross examined at some length by Mr Robinson, who sought to -show that the property alleged to he stolen, namely,, a locket, cradle, and eewing machine, were really the property of the female defendant. The boy Thomas Freeman was also recalled and cross-examined by the defence,, after which the magistrates decided that the case was too weak to justify a committal, and the defendants were discharged. As on Satur day, an enormous crowd gathered outside the court to witness the’departure of Mrs Freeman and Hoare, and, judging by the i remarks- passed, the couple..would have met' with an-unpleasant reception had they ven tured outside; by the ordinary way, but the police,.by means of strategy, enabled the pair to’le’avewithOut molestation. ■ . At tliff meeting of the'City Council, yester day' afternoon, Cr Shoppee suggested that the sum nf £lOO should he voted from the municipal funds to assist the unfortunate sufferers by the Queensland floods. The amount would be spread en equally among tho ratepayers that it would never be felt, while it would' be a great assistance to those who had been rendered homeless. He pro posed that the sum of £33 6'SI betaken from the funds of each of the three wards. Cr Retallack seconded the motion. Cr M ‘Donald thought they had not the power, and that this point had been settled in a similar case in Mnyor Little's term of office. He was in perfect sympathy with Cr Shoppee, but thought the council could not do it. Cr Shoppeesaid he would alter his motion to makS). the gift contingent on the advice of the council’s solicitor. Cr Morey said they could pay tho money out out of their own pockets if it was found they acted illegally. Cr Bell remarked that there were a large number of persons in their own colony who had suffered by tho disastrous bushfiree, aud if they created a precedent they would have other appeals. He was opposed to the muni cipal fumls_beiiig spent in this way, and thought the: proper mode of rendering as sistance waß by public subscriptions. The motion on being put was oirrped, Cr Bell entering his protest against it. The BallaraV Water Commissioners have written to .f(is City Council, drawing atten tion to the'fact that numerous oomplaints have been received by them as to the pressure of water at the higher levels, and asking that no watering of the streets he done after 8 o’clock in tho morning. The mayor, at the meeting of the council yester day, said it was a very serious matter if they were not to water tho streets after this hour. Cr Shoppee thought it was au impossibility to comply with the'request. If they did they would have a revolution among the shopkeepers. He moved that a letter ha sent to the Commissioners, stating that it was quite impossible to accede to the request. Cr Bell said tho chairman of the Commission had made a statement that the supply of water was unprecedented at this time of year, and he would likeCr Thomp aon, as one of their representatives on the Commission, to inform them why this step was taken. Cr Thompson remarked that there was never . a better supply iu the history of Ballarat than at the pre sent time. Cr Bell—“ Why that letter. Cr Thompson thought it was not from any scarcity of water that the pressure was com plained of, but on account of its wasteful use. Many persons were deluging their gar dene by using perforated pipes underground. Cr Morey—“ Let them get meters. Cr Thompson said the Commissioners would .have to come to something like that. Cr Ivey did not see that the watering of the streets would much affect the pressure. Cr SUoppee thought the reason of the small pressure was not to bn found iu the irriga tion of gardens, winch was done in the even ings. There had been no greater complainant than himself for a long time, but he had pipes talreu out, and found that they were all corroded together. He thought this waa the cause in many instances. Cr Morey thought tlio business' people should not be made to suffer. Cr M‘Donald said he had cause to complain himself of the pressure, and he would look to the pipes as Cr Shoppee had done. Finally, on the motion of Cr Thompson, seconded by Cr Retallack, it waa decided that the mayor and ex-mayor should interview the chairman of the Water Commission in regard to the matter. The difficulty b«tween the City Council and the Country Fire- Brigades Board was again before the former body at their meeting yesterday afternoon. A letter was received from the board, threatening legal proceed ings if the council’s contribution was not paid by the 14th instant; aud also a commu nication from the council’s solicitor, giving his opinion that the council could success fully defend an action by a counter-claim for reiit of the brigade station. Cr Shoppee—■ “ I move that the city solicitor’s opinion be received, anil the other letter put iu the waste-paper basket." The couucil decided to receive both letters, and discuss the whole matter when the motion of which Cr Thompson had given notice came on. At a later stage Cr Thompson moved •‘That the resolution passed at a meeting of the council, field ou Monday,' 28th Feb ruary, 1892, fixing the. rent of the fire brigade station at £209 per annum, be, and is hereby rescinded; contingent on the above being carried tn move that the rent be at the rate of £3 per week." Cr Morey seconded the motion, and said he trusted they would endeavor to settle the matter and get their back rent. The sooner they got the money the better it would be for the council. Cr Shoppee contended that the motion was out of order, inasmuch as the resolution referred to was passed, not on the date mentioned, but on the 29th of the same month. The mayor ruled that the motion wag out of order, and Cr Thompson gave an amended notice for next meeting. Cr Beil expressed the hope that the council were not going to be involved in any' more heavy law expenses. The observance of St. Valentine's Hay baa gradually fallen into disrepute,, and this year the display of affection's offerings in the shop windows has been smaller than usual. Formerly the number" of missives sent through the post used to add considerably to the postmen’s burden on the 14th February, but judging by the lack of interest displayed, there will be no perceptible increase in the postal delivery to-day. Amongst the passengers by the Old Colo nists’ special train this morning will be Mr Alexander Howitt, an old resident who, when a younger man, reudered brave and valuable services to humanity in rescuing those in danger of death both by fire and water. His conduct at the time secured for him high praise, but lie hag fallen upon evil times, when more practical recognition of his bravery is desirable. To this end he is pro ceeding to Melbourne to day, in the hope that aomethiog may be done to ease his de clining years. There was a good attendance at the Me chanic*’ Institute last evening,' when Mr Thomas Bracken gave a most enjoyable lecture on “-Irish Wits, Humorists, and Poets." The lecturer held the attention of his audience throughout, and the various ex tracts which lie gave from the works of Irish writers were evidently greatly appreciated. The recital of Shamua O'Brien” was one of the features of the evening, and Mr Bracken waß deservedly appianded for his rendition of the piece. : The “Widow Macree," and “Keogh-o : Leary." were algo given in-a manner which evoked great' applause, and the entertainment throughout was of a most pleasing character. It was reported to the Ballarat East polio: yesterday that a man named Daniel Evans, 70 years of age, had beeii found dead in his bed. It appears that the deceased and a matt named Richard Jenkins resided together in a two roomed cottage at the rear of the Australia Felix hotel. Eureka street, and yesterday morning, wheu Jenkins went to call his mate, he got no reply. A brief examination disclosed that the old man was dead, and Jenkins at once reported the matter to the authorities.. As there were no suspicious circumstances, an enquiry was held to be unnecessary. Evans, who waa in poor circumstances, had no relatioug iu Australia. The annual picnio- of- the Ballarat Towd Couucil will be held on Wednesday, 22ud inst. The site selected for the outing is B ale’s Reservoir. The Academy of Music will be re-opened on Saturday night, when Hugo’s Buffalo Minstrels wilt commence a short season of six nights. .The company lias been re organised, and in addition to Messrs Charles ami William Hugo, includes the names of Mies Helen Gordon Cuoaril, Swift Brothers, the sisters Anderson, Altro, John Wadley, Miss Mina N-inimo, Harry Townley, the sisters Cicero, Mias Eunice Fernand-z, and others. A varied entertaiument will be pro vided at popular prices. A meeting was held yesterday in the in solvent estate of James Dickson, coach bnilder, of Armstrong street, before Mr W. R. Anderson, chief clerk. Proofs of debts to the amount: of £2830> 3t were put in. A proposal was made on behalf of some of the Melbourne creditors that Mr Dauby, of Danby and Cos., Melbourne, Bhould be ap pointed trustee, but this was rejected by a large majority- of creditors, so that Mr 32. Verey, the official assignee, will now by virtue of the Act act as trustee. The meet ing then closed. Complaint wib again mads- by Cr Bell yesterday as to the damming up of the Ynrrowee Channel near the Sunnyside Woollen Mills, by Ch'nese gardeners, for irrigation purposes. The .mayor said they could do nothing as the dam "was beyond their jurisdiction, and on Cr Bell’s motion it was decided to call the attention of the board of health to the matter. .. . : A Ba,e of g'H? was held’ in the Salvation Army Barracks,' Windermere street, yester; d«y afternoon, which was well attended. The sale was in connection with the celebra tion of the Harvest Festival, which was further observed in the evening by a special meeting being held. Staff Captain and Mrs Glover, Ensign L->gan, and Captain Rundle conducted the proceedings, wiiioh were fall of interest. The musical portion of the service was rendered very effective by the presence-of the concertina band, from the Billarab East corps, and the singing of har vest hymns was evidently much appreciated by the Urge congregation. The festival will be continued to-night, wheu a grand ban quet and BpecUi meeting will take place. The condition of Miss Lizzie Radley, who has been seriously ill for the past few days, was last evening most critical, and but small hope could be hold out of the young lady’s recovery. Great sympathy in 'felt for the family, who only recently suffered a severe bereavement through the death of Mr W. Radley. The monthly practice of the Ballarat East Fire Brigade was held last eveniug, when there was a good attendance of firemen. In connection with the forthcoming demonstra tion at Geelong, the selected teams are in active practice, and, judging by their per formances, will probably render a good account of themselves on the eventful day. ■ Cr R-tillacls suggested at the meeting of the City Council yesterday thnt some repairs were necessary to the fencing round the quarry-hola at View Point. It was decided to refer the matter to the finanoe committee to visit and make a general inspection of the fencing around Wondoufeei A case of assault at Mr Sharkey’s farm WariUDhsip, was investigated at the Town PnliM Court yesterday, when a relative of Mr Sharkey, named Mary Byrne, proceeded against a servant, named Margaret Hyland. There was also a cross-summons against Miss Byrne for a similar offence. Mr Tuthill appeared for Margarot Hyland and Mr Cray for Miss Byrne. From the evidence tendered ; by Miss Byrne, aho stated that on the 6th iußt., whilst getting some hot water from a fountain io Use kitchen, Hyland came in «nd took the fountain, and attempted to ttrru the water on her. Witness ran away, an< j was followed by the defendant, who dragged her hair, struck her in the face, and otherwise assaulted her. Hyland contradicted the last witnesa’ evidence, and said that Miss Byrne came into the kitchen, threw some water at her, and aeveral cups and saucers, while she wa« getting the men’s meals ready. The bench, consisting of Messrs Fitzgerald (chairman), Long, Glentiy, and Josephs, J’s.P., after a patient hearing, an d without any hesitation, considered there was fault on both sides, and fined each defendant 10‘, with 28> Cd coßts each. Both litigants seemed eoinewhst astonished at the de cision. In another portion of to-day’s Star will he found a report of a farewell banquet and presentation of an illuniioat-d address and purse of sovereigns to Suh-lu-p-c or Murphy which took place at Cr-ig’s hotel yesterday afternoon. The latest reports received fiom Sir George Grove, director of the Royal College of Music, London, on the progress made during the last term by Miss Jessie Violet Mitchell, D.M.A.V , of Bdlar nr, are most encouraging. In pianoforte playing she has made a most considerable progress, has gained in execution, feeling, and comprehen sion of her task. Dr Parry pronounced her performances at the last examination as deli cato and refined, and charmingly rendered In • singing ello continues to take g rfl j interest in her work, sings with great taste and style, and is very good in scales and arpeggios. Mies Mitchell has done excellent work in harmony and counterpniut, and also occupies a prominent position in the music and choral classes. The director remarks that lie is much pleased with the work done by the young lady. The weekly meeting of the W.C.T.U. was held yesterday afternoon; the president in tho chair. Mrs Alien, secretary, being un able to attend to ber duties owing to weak health, Miss .Cnad was elected to fill | ler place. Miss Vining was chosen as treasurer to the union, and Mrs L. Brown us treasurer for the CoffeePslac", in place of M m Cu'.hbert who will be. leaving Ballarat soon. Reports were given'of young men's meeting. Hospital work, visitors, and Loyal Temperance Legion. The young ladi»s m»et to-night to form a Y branch. Mrs Francis offered her drawingroom for a meeting on Wednesday. Miss Astral is to address the union next week. A committee was formed to get up weekly entertainments. „ Avery handsomely-framed group of photographs will be presented by ex-Mayor Dunn to the Ballarat Town Council, on Friday next. The portraits in the group are those of the councillors holding office during: Cr Dunn's year of mayoralty, and the pic ture lias been executed by Mr Fraser, of . Bridge etreer, in a most pleasing and artistic style. At the Town Police Court yesterday, a young man named Henry Richards was fined £2, with 5s costs, or in default a month’s imprisonment, for using obscene language on Sunday afternoon in Wills street. John O’Brien was charged with stealing a watch and chain, valued at £9, the property of Clause Steffens. Tho last-named stated that since he had given O’Brien in charge the watch and chain had been recovered, He was in company with the accused on Satur day, and whilst drinking soup together in a shop in the Main road he missed the jewellery. The defendant’s conduct in bumping up against him re peatedly led him to suspect that he hud the articles in question. The case was with drawn, and O’Brien was discharged. The accused complained bitterly of being locked up when there was no charge against him, and the beach informed him that he had bis remedy in another court. Two persons charged with over indulgence were dis charged, and a number nf debt case 9 were dealt with, which concluded the list. Speaking to a young man who applied for a marine store collector’s license at the Town Police Court yesterday, Mr Long, J.P., said—"Go and join the bine ribbon army, and keep away from the drink.” Mr Fitz gerald, chairman of the bench, remarked— " Well, we. will grant you a license, but you must keep away. from driuk. Take Mr L.oiig’e advice; it is good.” A criminal summons, returnable on Thurs day next at the Town Police Court, has been issued against a Ballarat East publican. The accusation alleged is one of indecently assaulting a married woman. The defendant in the case strenuously asserts his innocence, and states he will be able to prove that the charge is absolutely false. Mr Robei fc Conk, foreman of works for the Ballarat Water Commission, to which position he succeeded on the death of Mr Cameron, died oh Sunday, after a very brief illness. The funeral of the deceased, who was very highly respected, wilt take place this afternoon. The next sitting of the Supreme Court at Ballarat, which wus to have been commenced on Friday next, lias been postponed until Monday, the 20th lost. The- railway revenue for last week un fortunately shows a falling off ns compared with the corresponding week of last year. The receipts totalled £63,578, of which £29 : ,319 was from passengers, &c.;, aod £34,259 from merchandise, &c.; The totalis as against a total of £67,315 12s 101 for the firet week in February, 1592. The aggre gate receipts to date amount to £I.S7S,SS2; and- the weekly average to £55,715 1» 31, as against £1,990,546 11s SI ami £62,204 lh 7d for the corresponding period of last year. Tile butchers’employes met at the Trades' Hall last night, and made final arrangements for their excursion to Queeuacliff, which tabes place to-morrow. The secretary re ported that the tickets were going off rapidly, and a pleasant outing was assured. Last night a crowded congregation as sembled at St. Peter’s Church. Canon Flower intoned the service. The bishop of the diocese gave a short address, eulogising the work of the missioner, both in that parish and in the diocese at large. The misaioner, the Rev. E. Allanson, preached from the text "Come unto Me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will g lte you rest,” and waa listened to with rapt at tention.- There was a full congregation at the after meeting and instruction. A young man named Alfred Brown, re siding at Mount Pleasant, was treated atthe Hospital yesterday for an inciaed wound on the left ankle caused by au axe slipping. A special meeting of the committee of tbs A..M.A. wag held at the Trades’ Hall l a!t night, for the purposo of considering the business-sheet for the forthcoming conference to be held atCreswick. The items were dis cussed at length, and the delegates hod thus an opportunity of hearing the views of-th* committeemen bn the most important pro* pnßale. . The City police were yesterday informed of no fewer than three sudden deaths. A man whose name is unknown was found de> at Bnlw&rra; by Constable Hortrick.. To® dead body of a Chinaman named Ah a* was, on Saturday, discovered in a lint a Smytheßdale; .and on Sunday morning * grazier named Thomas Graham, 48 y Blir9 0 age, died suddeuly at-his residence, M 0 " 11 Mercer. '< The South street Debating Society are now preparing the pr'zs-iiat for their literary, musical competitions to be held in June, an will be pleased to receive suggestion 3 0 special prizes for same. At the City Police Court yeetw®*? Hyacinth M. Kilkelly, charged with e bezzlement, was remanded to appear at City Court, Melbourne, nn Wednesday oe Three persons charged with {lrunkessr were also deajt with, and in each c»ae defendant wus discharged. 0"e d e “® and the granting of a colleator's licence John Livermore was the only other bu 3l " baforo the court. Messrs Permewan, lh® " son, Little, and Coitman, preside At the Beaufort Police Court yest« li '?’ before Messrs VV. H. Foster, P.M., j. Leadbeater and F. Beggs, J's.P., 811 tion by Frances Bell for an order pro»'t» -_ the sale of liquor in the district to , ~ ;t band, George Bell, who did not obj-c was. (writes our correspondent) S riote P,'-, )a 'i application for a temporary P, Mirth license for races at tVaubra ou 3rd was granted to A. K. Dewar. Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., held a court ftt . yesterday for tho revision of the v lists for tile Beaufort division of th® and Hampden electoral district.. Mr ■ jj Minchin, electoral registrar, objectei names on the general voters lists (six left tha district, and a similar its also on the ratepayers’ roll), and fit’ B 0 ratepayers' list. In the latter cases jeofidn* were that in each of the name appeared twos, two of > -h j 3 . were dead, and the fifth was objeQW i cause he was greatly in nr rear ' rlt .r^ a jist teuaucs order mads against hinti 1 mentioned objection win overruled, but in each of the other oases the name objected to was struck out. The lists were then- certi fied to ns correct. Plain-ciothes Constable/. Rogersim yester day arrested a man named Chas. Wilson on the. charge of stealing a swag and three billycans belonging to W. Henderson. Wilson, who was lodged in the lock-up, will be brought before the Police Court this morning. Some <-f the contents of the swag were found in a pawu shop, and the re mainder was subsequently discovered in a stable by the officer named. There was a good attendance at the fort nightly meeting of the Operative Bricklayers’ Society, held at the Trades’ Hall last night. It was resolved to assiet the Bakeis’ Society in their endeavors to uphold the nriociples of unionism. It was also decided to attend the ceremony of hanging the memorial pictures of the late Cardinal Manning and Chief Justice Higiubotham, to take place shortly in the Trades’ flail Coun cil chambers A fire (says our correspondent)' brake out in the Sebastopol Recreation Reserve yester day (Monday) afternoon. The alarm was given, and the brigade, under Foreman Clarke, immediately proceeded to the scene of the fire. Owing to the promptitude of the brigade not much damage was done. About four panels of the fence and some grass were burnt. Some amusement was caused by the brigadiers being thrown out of the cart when proceeding to the fire; for fcauately they all escaped unhurt. A mean nu'rage ! On Friday (says the M.A. Mail ) a man named James M’Devitt gave information to the police at Malmsbury that on the previous night, he met four young men at the Bellevue hotel, who repre sented to him that they were sons of an old friend of his. lie “shouted ” for them, and they HBked him to accompany them to Bee their father, who was unwell. He consented, and they 1-d him to a lonely epnt on the water supply reserve near the reservoir, where they knocked him down and robbed him of £4 in notes and some silver. 