THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY) PROGRESSION. OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, MONDAY, JAN. 2, 1893. DEATH OF THE CHIEF JUSTICE. IT will come as a shock upon the community to learn that the Chief Justice, Mr. George Higinbotham, died at his residence, South Yarra, somewhat unexpectedly on Saturday afternoon, in the presence of his family, whom he had called around him as the pre- monition of death was upon him. With his demise a great man has fallen in Vic- toria, one who was revered and loved and honored as few public men have been. He was a pressman in the early years of his life and studied for the law, In 1856, two years after his arrival in the colony, he became editor of the Argus, a position he held for three years, when he retired, and subsequently entered the field of politics. During his political career he was sur- rounded by men of marked ability — men who had strong convictions, and were engaged in the onerous task of building up a solid political and social structure in Vic- toria ; and he stood out conspicuously amongst these. As Attorney-General in the McCulloch Administration during the great constitutional struggle between the Assembly and the Upper House he led the Assembly and swayed the multitude by his wonderfully persuasive eloquence. He was a great orator, not demonstrative, but with the quiet yet irresistible power of a clear intellect and thorough knowledge of constitutional law. His language flowed with that fluency, thorough logical sequence, aptness of illus- tration, condensed fervor and evident whole- souledness that his audience listened spell- bound to, the sweet music of the words which carried conviction to their minds. Few men have ever held such power over the masses in Victoria. They trusted him im- plicitly not alone for his democratic ten- dencies, but for his calm wisdom, the integrity and nobility of character. His elevation to the Chief Justiceship was hailed with the greatest satisfaction by the people, and his fitness for the high position was eminently displayed by his stern impartiality and the correctness of his decisions. That he dwelt in the hearts of the people was unmis- tably shown during the great maritime strike of 1890, when his name was amongst the first to be proposed as one of the arbi- trators for the settlement of that terrible struggle between capital and labor. When all overtures for a conference between the contending parties had failed by the refusal of the employers to meet the strikers in conference, he marked his sense of dis- approval of their conduct by forwarding a cheque for £50 to the strike fund, and promised to subscribe further contributions of £10 a week. This exhibition of deep sym- pathy for those he considered unfairly treated further endeared him to the masses. The colony is deeply indebted to him for the consolidation of the laws, a Herculean task. No other man in the colony could have done the work so well. He knew its laws by heart, it might be said, from the beginning to the end. The work was carried out with a care and consienciousness that impaired his health. In recogni- tion of his great service, Parliament ac- corded him the high and rare honor of a vote of thanks. With singular but characteristic feeling before death, whose icy remorseless grip he knew had seized him, he left directions that his funeral should be strictly private, the day and the hour not to be named, and none but the members of his family and one friend only were to be present. So far as he was able he thus ap- parently desired to show that he had no craving for the ostentation, the pomp of a public funeral which would pro- bably have been given. Mayhap he thought of his adopted country, its financial distress, the poverty of thousands of those workers who had looked to him as a friend, and could not bear that his death should add to the mpoverishment of the public exchequer, and the consequent further taxation of the people to make good the money so spent. In his life he proved himself a great and good man, who thought, no labor on his part enough for his country. He worked with all his might, and in his last days, when he felt that failing health was unfitting hint for his judicial functions, he expressed a desire to resign, thus giving evidence that the path of honor and duty which ihis feet had trod through life was still before his mind's eye in his last hours. FEMALE TEACHERS AND MATRI- MONY. ACCORDING to the existing law lady teachers when they get married have to leave the service of the State, but are allowed com- pensation — a month's salary for every year of service. The Minister of Education pro- poses to alter the law in this respect before the close of the session by putting a clause in the Teachers' Bill re- quiring female teachers to resign before mar- riage also depriving such ventuesome teachers of their compensation. As might be expected the bare mention of such a thing has excited fiutterings in the breasts of female teachers. Those who can will no doubt hurry into the matrimonial state before the obnoxious edict becomes law, and no blame to them. But how could Mr. Peacock be so ungallant as to put such a check upon matrimony? The state of the finances must be deplorable indeed, when he has to resort to such a desparate (sic) remedy. The cry of modern times has been for educated women, to secure the intellectual advance ment of the race. One would have imagined that every encouragement would have been given by right thinking men to promote that grand object. Thousands are squandered for less worthy ends. Yet what may be regarded as the one hopeful experiment by the State in this much desired direction is to be nipped in the bud. Can any one reasonably contend that the little purse of compensation money was not an inducement, to matrimony, in this very material age with that every section of the community who deserve to be well mated. It is bad enough to be deprived of the com- pensation, but is it the right thing that female teachers should be required to resign before the nuptial knot is tide? What if the swain should repent at the last moment, and leave his expectant bride, lamenting the loss of her position as a teacher as well as the compensation money. It can scarcely be fair that the bread should, thus be alto- gether taken out of her mouth. If the necessities of the State compel the cutting off the compensation from the teacher, she ought at least to be assured of her husband before severing her connection with the de- partment. BENDIGO'S PROSPERITY.— In a suppliment published with this morning's issue we present a statement of the gold yields, calls and divi- dends for the year, together with a summary of the work done in the mines and the business in the sharemarket and a number of interesting comparative tables. The statement should possess more than usual interest, for apart from the importance attaching ordinarily to the annual balance-sheet, ihe record discloses a condition of great prosperity of the mining industry. The totals for the year are: — Gold 202,165 ozs.; calls, £132,118 6s 3d ; dividends £208,263 19s 10½d; showing a profit of £136,145 13s 7½d, or over 100 per cent . For last year the figures were:— Gold, 152 676 ozs. ; calls £114,870 8s ; dividends, £148,936 0s 3d, or a profit of £34,066 12s 3d. To show the manner in which the district has been progressing it may be mentioned that the dividends for the first half of 1892 were £93,470 6s 6d, and for the second half £174,793 13s 4½. The New Chum United heads the list with £39,825 in dividends, the New, Red, White and Blue is next with £31,500, and the Princess Dagmar is close up with £30,278 6s 6d. THE WEEKLY YIELDS. — The gold yields on Saturday, though several companies had stopped crushing, reached 5,300 ozs. The Johnson's Reef had 1,089 ozs, the Princess Dagmar, 781 ozs.; Specimen Hill, 400 ozs.; and Lazarus, 403 ozs. The dividends were Johnson's Reef, 3s; Princess Dagmar, 1s 6d; and Lazarus, 6d; amounting in all to £7,684 7s. POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS.— To-day all post- oflices will be closed to the public at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by the letter-carrier will be effected. All country mails will be received and despatched as usual, but no money order or savings bank business will be transacted. Tele- graph offices will be open from 8.30 till 10 a.m., and from 6 till 7 p.m. SUCCESSFUL UNIVERSITY STUDENTS.— Our Melbourne correspondent, telegraphing on Saturday night, reports :—The matriculation list was posted to-day. There are 113 country candidates who have passed, of whom 16 are from the Bendgo district, as follows :— Sarah Ethel Appleton, John Beebe, Arthur Francis Deravin, John Fox, Alice May Victoria Glass, Thomas Sydney, John Hall, Winifred Mary Harty, Francis McMahon, Mary Francis Clare Murphy, Charles Frederick Neal, Nellie Gene- vieve O'Connell, Philip Timothy Putnam, George Rowe, Gideon Jan Sarvaas, Ada Ethel Thomas, Susie Jane Williams. THE MANDURANG VACANCY.— In view of the probable retirement of Mr. J. M. Highett, M.L.A., from the representation of Mandurang, several prominent electors of the constituency have invited Mr. Michael Burke, of Woodstock, to contest the seat. Mr. Burke has signified his intention of being a certain starter should a vacancy arise. MISHAP ON THE TRAMWAY.— At a late hour on Saturday night, one of the steam moters was derailed on its way from the railway station to the company's depôt in Mollison-street. A number of workmen were at once set to work to replace the motor on the rail, but some con- siderable time elapsed before this could be ac- complished, and in the meantime two other motors were kept at a standstill. THE FIRE IN ATKINSON'S BUILDINGS.— The damage done by the fire , which broke out in Mrs. S. Bruhn's shop in Atkinson's Buildings, View Point, at an early hour on Saturday morning is covered by insurance, but in addi- tion to the actual loss by fire and water Mrs. Bruhn will suffer through the shop having to be closed up during the holidays — just when she might very fairly expect to do a large busi- ness. Mr. E. Honig, the well-known hair- dresser, who occupies one of the adjoining shops, rendered good service on the morning of the fire. By advertisement in another column Mrs. Bruhn publicly offers her sincere thanks to Messrs. Pollock, Honig, Constable Galvin, and especially Mr. Alfred Glen, of the Tem- perance Fire Brigade, who acted so promptly and efficiently in connection with the fire. A STRANGE CASE.— While Constable O'Keefe was on duty in Hargreaves-street on Saturday afternoon, he was informed that a man was lying in bed at Mrs Martin's restaurant suffering from severe injuries to his head. The constable had the man, Valentine Markie, conveyed to the hospital, where on examination by Drs. Peebles and Deravin, it was found that he was suffer- ing from a, scalp wound several inches in length on the right side of the head. The wound was stitched up, and the patient, who appeared to have been drinking, was kept in the hospital. He had a few pounds in his possession, but nothing is known about him. He had only been staying at the resturant a day or two. He could not say how he sustained the injury. AN OLD VAGRANT.— James Scholard, an old man, who has been before the court on several occasions for vagrancy, was brought by the police to the hospital on Saturday in a very weak state, suffering from exposure and want of nourishment. He was well-known to the police and for years past has been going about the city in a filthy state. On one occasion when he was locked up for vagrancy, he was searched at the watchhouse, and amongst some old papers that were found sewn inside his tattered gar- ments was a dirty greasy old one pound note, which he stated he had had for over a year. ERRATUM.— In our report of the Hospital Sunday committee meeting, we committed to mention that £3 6s had been contributed to the hospital only by Mr. Horsefield and employ is,of Long Gully. THE ELECTRIC LIGHT FOR THE MAYOR'S OPEN-AIR CONCERT.— It is understood that the Bendigo Electric Light Company will arrange for lighting Rosalind Park by electricity on the occasion of the mayor's open-air concert on Wednesday evening. The citizens will then be afforded an excellent opportunity for comparing the strength of the electric light with other illuminating agencies, which will assist them in arriving at a decision as to the wisdom or other- wise of the council's action in regard to the lighting of the city. A GOOD SUGGESTION.— A subscriber has suggested to us a very good way of disposing of the timber necessarily lopped oft the street trees in pruning season, and of the several street trees that die during the year. His ldea is that the wood should be devoted to the hos- pital where, no doubt, it would be useful and appreciated. A SUCCESSFUL YOUNG BENDIGONIAN.— From a recent number of the Glasgow Herald, we learn that Mr. James Buick, eldest son of Mr. J. Buick, of Big Hill, has passed his final examination for medicine. The young doctor is now at Copenhagen, where he is studying diseases of the eye, ear and throat, under Pro- fesor Fergus. THE AUSTRALIAN CILAUTAUQUA.— The Chris- tian Convention, or Australian Chautauqua as it has been styled, which is being held under rather novel circumstances in a most picturesque spot amongst the Grampians, some miles from Stawell, has proved a great success, and the promoters are very well satisfied with the re- sult of their labors. The convention com- menced on Thursday last, and will continue for ten days, during which time various religious subjects will be discussed, and amongst those taking part in the proceedings are ministers connected with different denominations from all parts of the colony and lay gentlemen who take an interest in religious institutions and temperance work. About 60 ladies and gentle- men left Stawell for the locale of the convention on Wednesday, and numbers have followed them daily since then. The picnickers are ac- commodated in rows of tents which have been erected for the occasion. The scene is one of prettiest to be found amongst the moun- tains, and apart from the religious aspect of the Catherine, those ladies and gentlemen in- terested in the flora botany or geological features of the Grampians find ample scope to satisfy their tastes in that direction. BENDIGO ENGINEDRIVERS' ASSOCIATION.— The usual weekly meeting of members was held at the Temple Court Hotel on Saturday evening. Mr. Geo. Lowery, the vice- president of the branch, occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance. The business transacted was of a routine character. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded the representatives of the Press for their attendance at the meetings of the branch during the year, and for the excellent reports of the proeeedings that had been pub- lished. The reporters present acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting closed. PROSPECTING BOARD ELECTIONS.— The elec- tion for members of the iocal Prospecting Boards has been postponed from the 11th January to the 22nd February. SALE OF CROWN LANDS.— A sale of Crown lands in fee simple, will be held at Boort on Friday, 6th January. TRUSTEES OF CEMETERIES.— Messrs. Elisha Bradford and James Hamlin Hunter have been appointed trustees of the Runnymede Public Cemetery vice Messrs. A. Lee and W. Bolton, who have left the district. PUBLIC VACCINATORS. — Dr. W. Esler has been appointed by the Governor-in- Council, pub- lic vaccinator at Heathcote, and Dr. Forrester, for Wycheproof. MR. SHEGOG'S RETIREMENT.— Mr. John She- gog, who has retired from the governorship of the Melbourne Gaol after about 35 years' service in the Penal department, was the chief figure in an interesting ceremony which took place on Friday night in the Trades Hall buildings, Lygon-street, namely, the presentation to him by the officers of the goal of a purse of sove- reigns and an illuminated address. VISITORS TO THE MUSEUM.— According to the record of the curator (Mr. J.B. Lillie Mackay) the number of visitors to the museum during the month of December was 2,980, or an average of about 113 persons per day. The numbers are collated as follows: — First three days, — 176; the four complete weeks 412, 447, 521, 1,426. The maximum attendance on a single day was 451, and the minimum 54. PRINCESS THEATRE.— The current week will be the last of Mr. Geo. Leitch's dramatic season in Bendigo, and it is to be marked by the pro- duction of an entirely new play in five acts, entitled, "A Prodigal Son." Mr. Leitch and his clever company have bestowed upon the piece an insuperable amount of care and attention. The production has occupied weeks of the closest attention, study and rehearsal, and it is stated will tax the resources of stage effect, to the fullest extent. The play is suggested, by the words in the parable, from which it takes its title, "My son who was dead and is alive again, who was lost and is found." It possesses strong human interest and a number of intensely dramatic situations, the plot throughout being re- lieved by a pretty love storyand an undercurrent of quaint and original humor. The scenic effects are expected to prove something of a revelation, all the pictures with which the play is illus- trated being from the brush of Mr. W. B. Spong, the well-known Melbourne artist. Among some of the scenes to which attention is directed are, views of the bay and coast of Morne, the manse gardens, the avenue of oaks, the Curragh Heads and Bracken Falls (by moon light) and a vision of the The Prodigal Son, described as a lovely and impressive piece of stage effect. Mr Leitch will sustain the character of Larry Meelish. Holiday arrange- ments will be observed in connection with the opening of the theatre this evening. Tickets for all parts of the house may be obtained during the day at Knight's, adjoining the theatre, and the doors will be opened as early as 6.30 p.m. THE AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE OF JOURNALISTS. — A meeting of journalists was held at the Bee- hive on Saturday night, for the purpose of con- sidering the advisability of forming a sub-dis- trict. Mr. E. R. Gillingham presided. Mr. W. C. Salter, a member of the council was present, and fully explained the objects of the institute. It was unanimously resolved on the motion of Mr. IS. Banks, seconded by Mr. Eggle- stone, that a sub-district be formed, and a num- ber of names of intending members were handed in. The proceedings closed with a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. Salter. THE POOR-BOX. — Sergeant Fahey desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of £1 from Mr. H. Burridge, in aid of the city poor-box. OBITUARY.— On Saturday afternoon Mrs. Allingham, relict of the late Mr. Allingham, who some years ago was a member of the City Council, and mother of Mr. Allingham, the well-known storekeeper, died at her late resi- dence at Golden-square. The deceased lady was highly respected by a large circle of friends, and was a very old member of the Wesleyan Church. She was 65 years of age. The death is also an- nounced of another old resident of Golden square, Mrs. Howe, wife of Mr. Richard Rowe, a well-known and highly respected resident of that suburb. MILITIA PROMOTION.— Lieutenant A. W. P. Hamann has been promoted to the rank of Cap- tain in the 3rd Regiment, vice Mr. T. J. Con- nelly, deceased. RETIREMENT OF SUPERINTENDENT PALMER. — Superintendent Palmer, who has been for a long time in charge of the Ballarat district, and previously had charge at Bendigo, has formally handed over his office to his successor — Superin- tendent Parkinson. He retires after 39 years in the force. He is extremely popular, and is to be banquetted and testimonialsed. THE PALMER-BEAUMONT HOLIDAY CONCERT COMPANY.— This evening a talented combination of well-known artistes will give a concert in the Masonic Hall, and they will doubtless be well patronized. The programme contains the names of Mrs. Palmer, Miss Maggie Stirling and Messrs. Armes Beaumont, A. H. Gee, John Lemmorie and W. T. Barker, A.R.A.M. The mere mention of the names of those well-known artists should be a sufficient guarantee that a rich musical treat may be relied upon. The box plan will be open at Niere's tobacconist, View Point, to-day. COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON. — At the con- clusion of the City Police Court on Saturday, his worship the mayor (the hon. J. H. Abbott) the presiding magistrate remarked that as that was the last sitting of the court for that year, he had much pleasure in wishing the officials the compliments of the season. Sergeant Fahey suitably reciprocated the kindly sentiment. BENDIGO ART GALLERY.— The number of visitors to the Art Gallery during the past week, as computed by the curator, Mr. J. B. Harris, was as follows:— Monday, 1,184; Tuesday, 1,236; Wednesday, 684; Thursday, 631; Fri- day, 425 ; Saturday, 542; Sunday,1st January, 1893, 736 ; total, 8,319. The total number of visitors for the past year (1892) was computed at 71,390. LYCEUM PALACE OF VARIETIES. — A large and appreciative audience assembled at the above hall on Saturday night, when there was an en- tire change of programme. Professor Alfred Silvester introduced several novel and clever feats of thaumaturgy, including an entirely new illusion entitled " Straibouka." In this a lady is seated in a chair on the stage and covered is with white sheet by the professor, when in- stantly at the firing of a pistol he lifts the sheet and the lady has disappeared, and a gentleman is seated on the chair, while the lady walks quietly up from the end of the hall. The professor also introduced Miss Cynthia Silvester, the entranced lady, who while in a mesmeric condition, is placed in several different postures in the air apparently without the slightest support. The second part consisted of a minstrel and variety concert. Miss Ada St. Vincent delighted the audience by her ren- dering of "The Cricket on the Hearth," and Miss Clara Day greatly pleased with her song "The Lighthouse by the Sea." Mr. Alex Gagino as bones, and Mr. William Swamson as tambo created roars of laughter by their eccentricities; in fact the whole performance was one of considerable merit. To-night the entertainnent will be repeated, with the ad- dition of songs by Mr. J. Hastings, who has kindly volunteered his assistance. GRAND NATIONAL FANCY FAIR.— Referring to the art unions, the results of which were published in Tuesday's issue of this journal, we are requested to ask the successful winners of prizes to make immediate application for them to the various stallholders, viz., No. 1 stall (Mesdames Hayes and Edwards), No. 2 stall (Mesdames Mahony and Mundelein), No. 4 stall (Mesdames McAtamney and Colgan), No. 6 stall (Mesdames Jensen and Flannery). CITY POLICE COURT. —The mayor (the hon J. H. Abbott), and Messrs. M. Rundell and Illing- worth, J.P.'s, presided on Saturday. Mary Morley an old offender, charged with vagrancy, was on the application of Sergeant Fahey re- manded for a week. A couple of other women, charged with drunkenness, were each fined 5s with 2s 6d costs, in default 24 hours' imprison- ment. Jas. Allen, a decrepid old man, who was suffering from a diseased leg, was brought be- fore the bench on a charge of vagrancy. On the application of Sergeant Fahey he was re- manded for a week for treatment in the hospital. The court then adjourned. ARCHDEACON MCCULLAGH.— The Ballarat Srar writes: — Mr. Chuck, the well-known photographer, of Sturt-street, has just completed a very fine portrait of Arch- deacon McCullagh, of Bendigo. The photo is life size, and is executed in gelatine bromide process. It is the best among the many we have noticed from the firm, light and shade being all that is desired. DONATIONS TO THE MUSEUM.— The curator of the museum (Mr. J. B. Lillie Mackay) begs to acknowledge on behalf of the Admini- strative Council the following donations sent to the museum during the month of December :— Two frogs, Mr. W. Dods, Marong; larva of in- sect, Master James Brotherton; crystal tinstone, Mr. Hollingsworlh; tin granite, quartz in cop- per, garnet, conglomerate, zinc blend, galena (all from Broken Hill); mass native copper, Lake Superior, Mr. Peacock, Pyramid Hill; argenti- ferous ores; from the Western mine, Mount Zechan, Tasmania, Mr. W. Lancashire, Har- greaves-street, through Dr. Penfold; three birds' eggs, Mr. Buick, architect; common opossum (mounted), Rev. Father Moore, through Dr. Macgillivray; wedge-tailed eagle, Mr. Peacock, Pyramid Hill; embryo opossum, Mr. W. F. Lambie. "THE ANTIPODEAN."— We have received a copy of this illustrated annual for 1893. The Countess of Jersey supplies a brief introduction in which it is stated that "the aim of the Antipodean is to form a literary link between the mother country and those of her children, who live beyond the seas." There are no fewer than 22 well written contributions, and the illustrations are meritorious. A BUSH FIRE ENGINE. — Mr. W. Kilpatrick, the manager of the Cornalla holding, advises us (Pastoral Times) that the proprietary has pur- chased a novel description of fire engine to be principally used-for extinguishing bushfires. The machine is on wheels about five feet apart and about four feet high. Between the wheels is an iron tank about three feet six inches in diameter, through which the axle runs. The tank may be filled at a creek, waterhole or tank by hand labor. Attached to the off wheel is a toothed driving wheel about two feet in diame- ter, and on top of the tank next to the seat of the driver, is another toothed wheel of smaller dimensions on the axle of which is a crank which works the force pump in the interior of the tank. The machine is drawn by one horse, and as soon as the horse commences to move the pump is set in motion. When in use a horse and branch are fitted to the outlet pipe, and the pressure is sufficient to send a stream of water 50 feet. The driver from his seat on the tank can direct the stream of water on to the bush fire, and the faster the horse is made to travel the greater is the pres- sure set up. The machine may be used, either when in motion or when it is stationary, but in the latter case the pressure is exerted by manual labor. It should be a most useful machine during bush fires, and its adaptation to the work should be of much interest to those who are liable to such visitation. "HOME LESSONS.— It is an old saying that one must go abroad to hear news, and the follow- ing interesting items of information to be found in Lloyd's Weekly, London, dated 27th November, seem to prove its truth :— Sir Bryan O'Lough- len's motion of want of confidence in the New South Wales Government was rejected in the Legislative Assemly on Tuesday by 57 votes against 38. This (sarcastically writes the Age) shows enterprise, but the writer of the para- graph apparently did not think it worth while mentioning that at the same sitting Sir Samuel Griffith's Colored Labor Bill became law, or that Sir George Dibbs, Premier of Victoria, had a heated conversation with Mr.Kingston, Q C., a prominent labor member, and that both sub- sequently engaged in a duel at the Gulf of Car- pentaria, a suburb of Melbourne. But, perhaps, the astonishing accuracy with which minute details of colonial politics are cabled to Eng- land, together with tha heavy cost, does not allow of extensive messages being published. THE LALOR STATUE.— In connection with the suspension of the Ballarat Banking Company it is stated (writes Table Talk), that the sum of £1,500 was lodged in the bank a few days prior to its being closed, pending arrangement to for- ward a draft to that amount to London in pay- ment of a statue of the late Mr. Peter Lalor, to be erected by public subscription in Ballarat. Although the bank has resumed business, it is stated the trustees of the fund have been unable to draw out the money, as the bank directors in- sist upon treating it as an ordinary deposit, which under the terms of re-adjustment for carrying on the banking business, must be left in the bank for at least three years. MR.MILNER STEPHEN.— By advertisement in another column it is announced that Mr, George Milner Stephen, F.G.S., London, and F.R.S., Australia, the great Australian healer, may be consulted daily at the City Family Hotel for one week only, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. NOT BEFORE REQUIRED.— The council of the Royal Colonial Institute, London, has taken steps to urge the necessity of greater promin- ence being given in the public middle class schools to the teaching of colonial history and geography. THE COST OF LOCAL OPTION. — Saturday's Ballarat Courier in commenting upon the local option movement and the decisions of the com- pensation court in that district says : — The average amount awarded in Ballarat East was £872 102 11d, whilst it cost £817 92 per house in Ballarat West. The total amount awarded to the sixty-six licensees and owners whose houses have been closed in the city and town runs into the very respectable sum of £56,155 14s 7d, or an average of £859 18s 8d per house. In Geelong the average amount awarded was £1,104, and had the Ballarat owners and licensees been treated on the same liberal basis they would have been granted a sum of about £10,170 more than has been awarded them. What the cost, including the judge's, arbitrators', and other fees connected with the proceedings amounts to, cannot be given; but the total cannot fall far short of £75,900. THE KILMORE RAILWAY ACCIDENT.— The fol- lowing is the full text of the report of the Rail- way Commissioners in connectIion with the run- away train : — After carefully considering the case from all points of view, we have come to the following conclusions :— That while the driver committed technical breaches of regula- tions, they were of such a character as could not possibly have led to accident, were not due to carelessness or negligence on his part, but seem to have been prompted by a desire to prevent disaster to the train. We think, therefore, that while we assent generally to the proposition that regulations must be adhered to, this case is not one which calls for the infliction of a fine, but that a caution to the driver that in all cases be must be guided by the regulations and will be held responsible for any breach of them will meet the case. We consider the guard to be worthy of greater punishment than that proposed to be meted out to him, as the break away was directly due to neglect of duty on his part (1) by not seeing that the side- chains were coupled (2) for not being at his van when the train was allowed to move, and (3) for allowing a porter to practically take control of his train. He should be fined a week's pay. The porter is censurable for backing the train when he knew there was no one in the van, a practice which cannot be too strongly condemned, and we approve of the proposed action of the traffic manager to prevent the practice in future. We think the station- master, is censurable for not having submitted an intelligent report of the occurrence, with all details, and statement of every irregularity connected therewith, and we shall in any future case regard the omission to ascertain and re- port, all such details and irregularities as a serious neglect of duty. We consider that all couplings, whether made in the railway work- shops or not, should be tested before being used. With regard to the lad Paxman, the evidence shows that the train was almost if not quite at a standstill when he got into the van, and that he ran no risk in doing what he did. We, how- ever, are pleased to show our appreciation of any assistance being given to the officials and will present the lad with £2. RAILWAY RETRENCHMENT.— The economical reorganisation of the railways is taking efiect in the highest grades as well as in the rank and file, and the changes that have taken place in the management will result in a large saving. On the salary of the chairman of commissioners, to begin with, there is an economy of 50 per cent. Mr Francis performing the duties of that office for £1,500, where Mr. Speight received £3,000. Mr. Francis received £1,300 as traffic manager, and his successor, Mr. Jas. Syder, who has acted in the capacity since the re- construction, has now been permanently ap- pointed at £775, an increase of £100 on his former salary, but a saving of £525 on the position. There is a reduction of £500 on the two other commissioners' salaries. Mr. J. Bruce, formerly the traffic manager's indoor assistant, is appointed assistant traffic manager, the position formerly held by Mr. W. M. Kibble, but without present increase of the salary of £675, thus saving £125. The office of telegraph engineer, formerly occupied by Mr. K. L. Murray, has been merged in the general functions of a telegraph superintendent, and Mr. W. A. Holmes is placed in the position with a £50 increase to £500, which saves £450. Mr. A. Ingram, chief clerk of stores, has been made railway storekeeper, without increase, at £475. The office of outdoor traffic mana- ger's assistant, formerly filled by Mr. Syder, has been abolished for the present, which gives a clear saving of £675. In further changes of officers (says the Age) the Com- missioners will follow up the policy of filling vacancies without. increasing the salary, as the department is fully supplied with capable officers. A DISTINGUISHED VISITOR. — According to the Adelaide Advertiser, the P. and O. steamer Australia brings a distinguished visitor to Aus- tralia in Mr. Francis Schnadhorst, who is well known in English political life as the very Moltke of Liberalism. He is the "head centre" of its organisation, the inventor of the "cau- cus" and to his controlling genius was largely due the success of the Gladstonians at the late general elections. No mail has been more satirised than Mr. Sclnodhorst, yet judging from our English files the intelligence that ill- health in the domestic circle had made his absence from England unavoidable created sincere regret among all parties. MR. MICHAEL DAVITT. — The London corres- pondent of the Argus wires : — Mr. Michael Davitt, who was recently unseated for North Meath, in consequence of clerical intimidation having been used to secure his return in opposi- tion to the Paniellite candidate, Mr. Pierce Mahony, has been asked to contest the seat for the North-East Division of Cork. At the gene- ral election in July Mr. W. O'Brien was re- turned unopposed for this constituency, and was also elected for the city of Cork. He chose to sit for the city, and the seat for the county is therefore vacant. ANAGRAMS FROM CASTLEMAINE.— A corres- pondent signing himself "Ignoramus" writes as follows to the Leader :— I recently had per- mission to take a slight canter on my old hobby in your columns, untl it has caused a great sen- sation, judging from the silence of the specta- tors, who are evidently afraid to speak lest they should break the spell. Now, with your permission, I will take a full gallop and wait for the applause. I will maintain and prove that the word Casllemaine will furnish anagrams suited to all ages and many professions. In the first place, I will take Shakespeare's "Seven Ages" :— At first the infant mewling: "l can eat elms" (slippery bark understood); next, the school boy, creeping like a snail un- willingly to school, and why? because he may have said, "I smelt a cane;" then a lover, sigh- ing like a furnace over the momentous question, "Can I meet Sal ?" Then a justice, in fair round belly with good capon lined, and always ready for something "nice at meals." I forgot the soldier ; I beg his pardon, and am sorry that I can furnish him with nothing better than " maniac steel;" I hope he will be careful how he handles it. Next, the lean and slippered pantaloon ; I must apologise for relegating him to "ancient males," and since this anagram contains'a redundant N, and is consequently imperfect, let him console himself with "female antics." Last scene of all :— At this stage much is not required, but since he is "sans teeth," at some time or, other he must have said, "I cast enamel." Now for a few trades and professions. For a brewer "I can see malt." Baker — "I can set meal." Butcher — "I can sell meat " (this contains two l's). Lawyer — " Seam a client " (which means sew him up). Teetotaller — "Tea can smile," " ale can smiite," cease maltin." Drowning man — "Cast me a line". " Miner — "Seen at claim." Selector — "Tim can lease." Naturalist — " Male insect," " camel in East." There are plenty more, but I hope the foregoing may be sufficient to make some of your readers " enact a smile," but not at — Yours, etc., IGNORAMOUS. A SENSATIONAL RESCUE. — A remarkable act of heroism has just received from the Royal Humane Society its proper and adequate re- ward, reports the London Daily Telegraph. During last September the sailing cutter of Her Majesty's ship Swallow was cruising off the Zanzibar Island when two men of the crew jumped into the sea to have a bathe. One of these, a seaman called Lawford, was pursued by a large shark, and, in order to rescue his comrade, Thomas McDermott, chief boatswain, without a moment's hesitation plunged, just as he was, into the water. It appears that his leap landed him right on top of the shark, which was so alarmed by the splash and the unexpected impact of a heavy body that it made off, and gave time for the rest of the crew to draw both the rescued man and his preserver into the boat. Undoubtedly, had it not been for the prompt action of McDermott, Lawford would have lost his life, and a silver medal from the Humane Society is no unsuitable recognition for the boatswain's gallantry. The baffled shark may be easily excused for thinking that discre- tion was the better part of valor when it found itself attacked in so unorthodox a fashion. As is well known, these carnivorous fishes turn on their backs when they are preparing to swallow their prey, for the simple reason that their mouths are set somewhat low down on the under side, and it has more than once happened that a des- perate sailor has succeeded in plunging a weapon into their bellies just as they turn to open their jaws. Rarely we should imagine, has a shark felt the whole weight of an able bodied British seaman on his back, when all its energies are engaged in the ardour of pursuit; and Thomas McDermott may boast that he has not only saved his friend, but has come off victorious in the most novel encounter that has ever been recorded between man and fish. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Long Gully Free Library will be held at the institute on next Monday evening at half-past seven o'clock. A long night will be held in the Royal Hall, Forest-street. Dancing will commence at eight o'clock. Mr. B. Magee, M.C. By advestisement in another column is noti- fied that superior accommodation may be obtained for travellers and lodgers at Foley's City Coffee Palace, in Mitchell-street, near the railway station. Messrs. Wallace and Hensley bankers, of High street, notify that on and after to day they will supply bread at 5d the 4lb. loaf. Messrs. T. Davies and Co., cordial man- turers, of High-street, make an important announcement to day with regard to the con- duct of their business during the present year. They thank their customers for the good support, accorded in the past, and intimate that in future they intend to sell strictly for cash, and give their customers the benefit of a cash business. Messrs. Davies and Co. have recently made extensive ad- ditions to their machinery, and are confident that patrons will find the quality of the article they supply quite as good as formerly. 