Springwood. BY OUR CORRESPONDENT Tilings arc likely to hum a bit here on the Prince of Wales' :'Birthday. v First and foremost may be named the cricket contest to . take place on the Recreation' ground between the Springwood Cricket Club and the Jamisontown Club. Our boys mean to "do it or die " on this occasion, as this will be one of the test district match for the trophies to be presented by Mr. S. E. Lees, M.L.A., and Mr. T, Ii,.Sniith, J. P. And in addition to this attraction there will be, so it is said, a big picnic on Mr. Chas Moore's grounds. The Parramatta Weslcjan School, are to come by a special train. The same schools have held their Annual outing here for the paet two years, and had aa enjoyable time on cach occasion, so we hope the weather will bo fine this time also. Then on Wednesday week, 15 instant, wo are threatened with an invasion of all the Druids of the Nepean District and their friends. They too have chartered a special, to start from St. Marys and pick up at all platforms coming along, nnd will celebrate their sports and festivities also on Mr. Monro's paddocks. What a display of " long beards " wc shall have 1 Now that the Summer season is appro.iching, evening services arc to be held at the Anglican Church every alternate Sunday, commencing next Sunday, 5th instant, Seeing sundry enrts at the Royal Hotel this week wo marvelled at what was going to happen. It turned out they were for the removal of the furniture from the building to Mr. McSweency's new cottage, just completed ; that gentleman having it appears purchased all the furniture. The next move will probably be a new lot of furniture into the Hotel, and that one of the brothers Mutch will re-open it, if a licence can be obtained. Constable Tate iB out collecting the new Electoral roll in this district. Wc had a glorious rainfall on Saturday evening last giving 127 points, and making the total for the month, 2 inches 47 points. The bush fires are all extinguished. There was a very large ono burning for several days in Faulconbridge gully ; it exten ded from half-a-mile south of-tho railway line at .18} mile post for about a couple of miles towards Numantia, and threatened to bb a serious business. From summer heat on Friday wo were suddenly merged into a winter's temperature which continued until Tuesday morning, since which we have had a return of more seasonable heat. Of course we want more rain, both for the land and tho tanks. We are never satisfied. 