Telegrams. (FBOM OUE CORRESPONDENTS.) BALBANALD, Oct. 19. Measles are very prevalent in the district. The State school and the Convent school are both closed owing to the epidemic. A very sad fatality occurred here this week. Mrs. Hazlewood, a very old resident, was found dead in the swamp, and is supposed to have mistaken the track and fallen into a waterhole and was drowned. This is the fourth death in the family through the same cause, the husband, a daughter, and a grandchild of Mrs. Hazlewood's having met their death by drowning. BEGA, Monday. Two hundred'and twenty scholars are absent from the Superior Public Scho'ol through measles and influenza. BEAIDWOOD, Saturday. The revenue from all sources for last quarter re ceived by the clerk of petty sessions amounted to £112. At the land office this week 1459 acres were taken up by purchase and lease. xne epidemic or measies appears to De uying out. There were many cases, but mostly of a mild form, and not a single fatal case has occurred. BREWARKINA, Oct. 19. The river is getting very low, and probably will only be navigable for another fortnight. The Rev. Dr. Dunn, Roman Catholic Bishop of Wilcannia, arrived here on Saturday, and was met about five miles out by a number of gentlemen and escorted into town. The Bi?hep opened the new school-church on Sunday. The Very Rev. Father Power, P.P., gave a sermon on St. Patrick, to which saint the new building is dedicated. After service a collection in aid of the building fund was taken up, £85 being received, leaving a debt of £100 on the building. CAMDEN, Monday. The Rev. E. C. Beck commenced a week's mis sionary services at St. John's Church, Camden, last Saturday, holding services three times a day. The attendances are very- good Mr. W. A. Hutchinson lectured on Friday on ' A Trip through America and Canada,' illustrating his subject with magic lantern views. There was a large attendance. CLIFTON, Monda-s. During last week the Southern coal trade has been somewhat inactive. South Bulli, Woonona, and Bulli B pit were among those doing most work. For the fortnightly pay drawn on Friday last the Metropolitan mine worked four days. For the pay to be drawn on Friday next South Clifton has eight days, and Coalcliff six days. At South Clifton, where the miners are working at the rate of 2s 4d per ton, under 12 months' agreement, which shortly expires, arrangements are being made to adopt the rates at present paid at the Mount Keira colliery. COONAMBLE, Monday. Dr. Camidge, Bishop of Bathurst, arrived in jCoonamble on Saturday afternoon, and was met a few miles out of town by the Rev. J. A. Cooper, incumbent here, and a good many local residents. He held a confirmation service in St. Barnabas' Church on Sunday morning and a Masonic service in the evening, large congregations being preseut. This evening the Bishop was entertained at a concert in the church hall. On Tuesday morning he leaves on a tour through the stations to Warren, and goes thence on to Bourke. COOTAMUNDRA, Monday. William Hall Matthews, who resigned his seat in the council three weeks ago, was re-elected to-day without a contest. The finances were fully discussed. CORAKI, Oct. 19. Instructions from the department for the stoppage of snagging work, and discharge of all hands, were received here with surprise and dissatisfaction. The North and South Arms are in a bad state, and there is serious delay to ocean boats between Coraki and Lismore. The Macleay was aground three hours last trip. The South Arm work, under Inspector Blakeney, was progressing rapidly, and if it had bean continued navigation would have been open to Irvington by January. DUBBO, Oct. 19. The police magistrate, Mr. Caswell, who lately ac cepted the appointment to Goulburn, .took leave oi the Bench on Tuesday. . The Mayor (Alderman Nancarrow) has resigned owing to ill-health. Alderman tSoane has been ap pointed for the remainder of the term. The late hospital ball produced £70 clear of all expenses, owing to the efforts' of Mrs. Fitzpatrick. EDEN, Satueday. The chief cook of the steamer Bega was drowned here on Thursday night. Last night the steamer Tambo put into port dis abled. GLEN INNES, Tuesday. A blind man named William Cole, aged 73 years, committed suicide at Wellingrove. Mr. Denshire, J.P., held an inquiry into the cause of death. The jury returned a verdict of death from strychnine poisoning, taken whilst suffering from temporary in sanity. Deceased was an old resident, and much respected. GRAFTON, Oct. 19. The criminal business of the Circuit Court was concluded to-day. The case against W. F. Poole, for perjury at the inquiry into the charges made against him while mining registrar at Dalmorton, was com menced yesterday and concluded this morning at half-past 2, when the jury returned a verdict of 'guilty. The accused was sentenced to three years' penal servitude. Ah Kow, who was convicted of a criminal offence on Emily .Brown, a girl 13 years of age, was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. Frank Kelson, for stealing letters while acting in the capacity of letter-carrier at South Grafton, was sen tenced to 12 mouths' imprisonment. HELENSBURGH, Tuesday. ' Mr. Wise was announced to speak here to-night with the intention of forming a branch of the Free trade and Land Reform League. He was unable to attend, and Messrs. Harper, Bradley, and the secretary (Mr. Harding, of Sydfiey) spoke in favour of the proposal. A motion was sub mitted, — ' That a branch league be formed, adopting the five resolutions on which its constitution is based.' An amendment was proposed, — 'That inasmuch as the freetraders and protectionists had landed the country in rain, they would trust these parties no longer, but support the labour league, of which we have a branch.' The amendment was carried by a large majority. About 500 persons were in attendance. ? ? 4 . EILLGROVE, Oct. 20. Another important case was decided here to-day by the Bench, consisting of the P.M. and Messrs. Wakeford and Morgan. An injunction had been issued by the Secretary for Mines in connection with two lease applications. Henry Collins was prosecuted by Raymond Brereton for disobeying the injunction. Collins occupied the land as a mineral claim, and the point was raised for the defendant, Collins, that the question of title arose, and that the jurisdiction of the Bench was therefore ousted. The Bench upheld the objection and dismissed the case. Mr. Kearney, of Armidale, appeared for Brereton, and Mr. Albert Nicholson, of Sydney, appeared for Collins. KATOOMBA, Tuesday. A further communication has been made by the Under-Secretary for Public Works to Messrs. Cook and Donald, Ms.L. A. for Hartley, with reference to the repairs that are neceseary to Nelly's Glen. The letter states that the glen being private property, the department cannot spend public money on it. On the communication being read at the council meeting last evening, the Mayor commented warmly on the action of the Under- Secretary, and pointed out that though the Government had in the first instance sold this hind and received money in pay ment thereof, they now asked the council to pay for the resumption of the road. The glen is daily be coming more dangerous for traffic, and a further communication on the above lines is to be sent to the Government on the subject. The council having considered the offer made by Messrs. C. and W. Walker to erect gasworks at Katoomba, and take payment in debentures, have decided to make a further attempt to borrow the money themselves, and to that end tenders will be invited in the Sydney papers for the loan. The amount required is £5000, and it has been decided to give a second charge on the general rates as extra security. KEMPSET, Oct. 20. Mr. Henry Stuart, of North Sydney, a democratic protectionist, commences a series of addresses throughout the electorate on Friday next. So fat no freetrader has announced himself, but it is abso lutely certain that several protectionists will run. The general opinion seems to be that the struggle will be the keenest ever seen in the district. LIVERPOOL, Oct. 19. The dedication festival of St. Luke's Church, C. E., was celebrated last evening. The church was crowded, fully 500 persons being preseut. The service, which was fully choral, was rendered by the combined choirs of St. Paul's, Lurwood, and St. Luke's, Liverpool, under the conductorship of Mr H. Gordon Gooch, A.R.A.M. Mr. H. Stapley, organist of St. Paul's, Burwood, presided at the organ. Competitive designs for additions and alterations to the Town Hall were considered by the council op. Tuesday evening, and resulted in the acceptance of Mr. Hosking's design, which provided for another story over the front part of the building, and a gallery to the main hall. The estimated cost of the alterations is set down at about £538. MILTON', Oct. 20. Mr. E. S. Hall, who is leaving for South Australia, was entertained on Thursday at a large social gather ing of members of the Church of England. He was presented with a testimonial contributed to by all denominations. MOUNT VICTORIA, Satueday. At the nomination hist night for the members of the Progress Committee for the ensuing six months, Messrs. H. G. Hienits, S. Clyde, John Wilson, J. W. Berghoffer, W. R. Roach, L. H. Howell, C. W. Prott, and T. Ingle were elected unopposed. NELSON'S BAY, Tuesday. An inquest touching the death of August Hammerstadt, who was drowned in the wreck of the ketch Bound to Wm, was commenced before the District Coroner, Mr. Carmichael, and was adjourned pending the arrival of James Milk, captain, of the ketch. The unfortunate man's widow and relatives arrived in time for the burial. The remains were followed to their last resting-place by all the inhabitants. No other bodies have as yet been found. The masthead of the Bound to Win is visible 3ft. out of water, near the place where she capsized. NOWRA, Oct. 19. The Rev. R. T. Hills, who is here in the interests of the Bible Society, addressed the annual meeting of the Shoalhaven branch. Despite the general depres sion a fair sum will go to the annual donation of the parent society. The revenue received at the Nowra lands and police office for the September quarter amounted to £584 9s 9d, including £262 16s 9d from land sales. PENRITH, Ocr. 20. A hayehed and its contents at Castlereagh were completely destroyed by fire this afternoon. The whole of the building and contents were destroyed in a few minutes. The building was the property of Mr. F. Judges, and the contents belonged to Mr. T. L. Tompson. The estimated loss is £250. Bushfires are raging all over the mountains. PICTON, Oot. 19. Two selectors lodged four applications for 094 acres of Crown lands at the local lauds office to-day. The receipts amounted to £41 14s 9d. SPRINGWOOD, Tuesday. The first half-yearly meeting of the local Progress Association took place last night, the chair being taken by Mr. J. E. Green, vice-president. It was resolved to seek the extension to three months of return tickets to or from Sydney, and also to petition the Railway Commissioners to cause the down mail train to stop here when required. The napes of five gentlemen were recommended for appointment as trustees of the proposed Single's Eidge Road Trust. TAREE, Monday. A young man, named Ryden, was seriously in jured at Glenthorne, on Saturday through his horse falling on him. He was removed in an insensible condition to the hospital suffering from an extensive fracture. Dr. House trephined the patient, remov ing a large area of bone. A blood clot was detected pressing o» the brain, caused by a ruptured blood vessel. The patient is conscious, but there is no hopa of his recovery. WARREN, Oct. 20. In connection with land matters it is rnmoured that Mr. Copeland will bring in a short bill before the termination of the session dealing with the Central division. After shearing there will be a vast amount of surplus labour to absorb, and unless definite legislation be enacted but little employment can be given. TASS, Monday. On Friday last a number of gentlemen assembled at the Commercial Hotel to bid farewell to Mr. Tom Cross, and to present him with an illuminated address. The chair was occupied by Mr. Thomas Colls, M.L.A.. and the vice-chair by Mr. W. F. Wilkinson. Mr. Cross will be greatly missed by the poor. The working men of the town intend to give him a send off. Political matters are beginning to liven up. There will be several candidates. Mr. Argyle M'CaUum, protectionist, inlands contesting the seat against Mr. Colls, who is also a protectionist. Mr. Affleck and Mr. Dan Leahy, both freetraders, will also come forward. 