MINING INTELLIGENCE. Our Bullumwaal correspondent, writing on Thursday last, says:--About 16 tons of quartz have just been carted from the Woolly Butt reef to the Yahoo battery, and will be crushed at once. Another reef has been discovered in the neighbor hood of the Woolly Butt by Mr albert Donne, formerly of the survey party. The reef is said to ha about 2 feet thick, well defined and running N.N.W. by S.S.E. I have seen some of the quartz, which be- sides showing gold, is heavily charged with other minerals. I consider it payable stone. Numerous discoveries have already been made on this new line of road, and the commercial value of some of them is about to be tested. I may venture to say that the results will be up to expectation. Quite a number of reefs are now at work in our own locality, and crushing will start shortly. Curtis and Waite, who have styled there new find the Miner's Right, are busy getting stone. Mr. Clements and Jas. Waite have a promising show near the Mount Alfred Co.'s claim and formerly known as Puzzlethwaite's reef. Andrew Jorgensen is getting ready a crushing from his reef near the head of Whit bourne's Gully. Andrews and party are getting quartz on the Champion line of reef, and the Dusthorse discoverod by Wm. Wilson is likewise said to look well. We had a number of new arrivals lately. some from the Ovens district. They in tend to prospect chiefly for quartz, and the district will therefore get a fair trial. To present appearances, as far as mining is concerned the prognostications for the new year are about to be realised. In alluvial there is but little change. The Clement's Puddling Co. are still on pay- able gold on the Schoolhouse spur, which has proved the most profitable piece of ground on all Boggy Creek of late years. Of the Chinese who are located about the district, the few I have come in contact with have not been fortunate as yet. The frequent rains we have had up to within the last few days have kept up an abun- dant supply of grass. The weather seems now to have set for fair, and hot days may be expected, with the usual amount of bushfires.. ( Ctiliauatis fs susdilsg mntatfr oafousrtls ,age.) 