MANCOPLAH. (w. W. ADVERTISES.) Monday, February 13. The bush fires which have been ragiue in this locality for the past eight days may be considered fairly out to-day, though a little careful watchiug is still required. How many of your readers have witnessed a bush-fire in fall progress? The sight is one of awful grandeur—the flames driven along by a fierce wind, and, leaping forward in giant strides, licking up everything in tbeir path | and every few minutes a dead monarch of the foreBt catches fire, to make tbe flimeB crackle and roar still more fiercely. Tbe terrific roaring of the flames, the dense volumes of smoke, the constant crashing of falling trees, all tend to render the long hours of night awful, and grave beyond the power of words to describe. The army of dust-begrimed men always before the flames gave an ancanny appearand to the Bcene. An artist or a poet riding through the fire from the Albury road or Mangoplah to the western boundary of it on Pullitop would have seen a wonderfully grand and majestic eight, a eight that would be remembered for a life-time. There were thousands of trees which had been ring-barked and dead, with the dry bark still on them, blazing to the very top-moat twigs, making pillars of fire 40ft. and 60ft. in height. The amount of damage done by the fire has been estimated at one-third of the grass and about si* miles of fencing on Mangoplah, fully half the grass on Pullitop run, and * great quantity of split-post and three-rail fencing, as well as many miles of brush and other fencing. On north-east Mangoplah about 600 acres of grass and two miles of fencing were destroyed. Messrs. Jas, Snodgrass J, W. Clune, M. Cluue, and J. Anderson, selectors on the runs named, alto lost either grass or fencing, and in some cases both. I cannot close this without expressing the thanks of the owners of Mangoplah, Pullitop, and N.E Mangoplah and the selectors on the three iuus, to Messrs. Best Bros, and their staff of men from Sandv Creek, who arrived at the fire at a very critical time and rendered most valuable assistance s in fact, the amount of work done by the Sandv (Seek party is something to look back upon with pleasure, and to be spoken of at future fires for the rest of the season. 