BUNINYONG. Tuesday. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) The members of the District Cricket Association met last evening, when it was decided that the match, Buninyong v Narm bool, should be concluded next Saturday. In the event of Buninynng winning, the points will be level; in that case a deciding match, for the district trophy and a dinner, will be played off on Good Friday and Satur day—one inuiDgs in Narmboo), the other in Buninyong. Last night a deserted four-roomed cottage, near the Rev. T. Hastie’s residence, was burnt to the ground. The brigade manfully dragged the engine up the steep hill to the house, but there was no water, so that pull ing down fencing, was all that could be done. It is believed that wandeting tramps cached the damage. ** Pontresiua,” the residence of Mr T. A. Robertson, on the Buninyong road, narrowly escaped injury from fire yesterday evening A bushfire started from near Magpie, and spread in the direction of Mount Clear. Mr T. Todd, of the railway service, instructed his men to cease work, and with their help succeeded by gre*t exertions In keeping the fire away from the buildings. Riuud about Mount Clear over 200 acres of good grass and a lot of fencing were destroyed. The first meeting of the Church of England Temperance Society was liejd lest evening; the vicnV, the Itey, W. H. Geer, in the chair. The following officers were elected:—Presi dent, Rev. \V. H. 'Geer; vice- president, Mr F. J, Darnel; secretary, Mr A. H. Coates; treasurer, Mis Newman; committee, Motors J. Salmon, C. Attwood, L. B. Drury, and E. Tonkin, Meßdames D»niel and Geer, and Miss C. M. Drury. A code of rules was drawn up Hnd adopted. It was decided to celebrate the inauguration of the society bj T a concert and Boiree, to be held on the 7th prox. The president, in his address, antici pated that great good would result from the society’s work. A movement is on foot here to bring before the Railway Commissioners the 'desirability of replacing the 8 p.m. train from Ballarat on Saturday. Here are some of the argu ments:—No train between 6 20 and 11 p.m.; great inconvenience to Buninynng residents; only asking for the one night on which a late train most; railway officials not other wise employed; no additional expense incurred; and train would piy. The Bunin yong people desire it to he distinctly under stood that they only adt for the one train; they are aware that the same concession for each evening would necessitate a double* service. A concert in aid of the Queensland floods relief fund was given in the Town Hall last evening. The mayor, Mr H. M. Greaves, occupied the chair. The stage and the hall were beautifully decorated. The programme was an exceptionally long one, bo that it i* only possible for me to give the names of the performers. Each item was well rendered; encores were numerous; the whole went off with snap; the hall wus crowded, and every body was satisfied. The instrumentalists were Misseß Milner, Whykes, El wee, Wat son, M. Bradshaw*, Holmes, Gonch, and Mrs Caffrey. Elocutionists—MieeL. David, and Messrs Kerry, Geer, Coates, Moss, and Berry. Vocalists—Mrs M'Grath, and Misses Hincock, E. and L. Wiiykee, Duly 7, E. Hed rick, Amy Peak, Gdbert, Ada Pe«k, and Messrs M‘Grath, Elwes, Williams, and Moss. The Rev. J. A. Burns made a little interval speech, and gave a recitation. The vote of thanks was m the hands of Mr R. Graham, Rev. «J. A. Burns, and Mr Hed rick. Afterwards the performers were eutertained at supper by the mayor and mayoress, Mr and Mrs H. M. Greaves. A vote of thanks to our chief citizen and his good lady was heartily 7 carried. 