Chapter VI. The Bushfire. Great clouds of dense black smoke curling up with ever increasing volumes to the eastern sky betoken hot work for all hands on "Canyanboon" on Christmas Day as morning breaks in suffocating, scorching heat, the joint influence of the glowing orb of day and the big bush fire then raging. Master and man, guests and neigh hours, all set off promptly, and with one accord for the scene of the conflagration, and after fighting man fully with the destructive element all day long, night at length sees the raging flames beaten down to a dull red angry-looking glow, while the crash and fall of burning trees, and the parched and blackened soil are the only records the fire has left of its raging fury. Round the camping-ground the fire fighters muster by and bye, all grimy and smoke soiled, with their clothes and flesh, singed and torn maybe, but otherwise unharmed. At the time appointed roll is callel and, of the muster, only one name is not replied to, and that-Alan Mother well. "Very likely he'll be along presently; said Mr. Arnot. "He knows his way about, so he's all right. If he was one knew at the business I should not like it, but Alan's a regular bushman. " Night wore away; day broke, and still no return of the absentee. Coo-ees were given from time to time but only echo answered. Men were beginning to feel -uneasy, though no one would confess it, and at length a search party started out, going in the direction he was known to have taken. Crunching the ashes of fallen forest giants under foot, scanning the desolate landscape, so fair but to see yesterday with eager glance, the little band pro ceeded with their task, quiet and sub dued by a feeling of dread of they knew not what, which seemed to have settled down over the heart of each man of them. Under a fallen tree, pinned to the ground by its trunk, the charred car case of his horse lying alongside, they found the object of -their search his face alone untouched by the cruel flame; cut off in the pride of his strength and manhood. Tenderly, as a mother clasping her child, those rough looking men lifted their ghastly burden, sleep ing his last long sleep io soundly. "God alone knows how it happened, no man ever will" said Mr. Arnot in a husky oice. " He could not have suffered much, poor fellow, the fall of that tree must have killed him instantly" said Dr. MacDonald, who had taken in all the details with a quick professional glance. "You think so doctor I Then, thank God for that. 'fBut who will tell Molly? I can't groaned Molly's uncle. " Who's Molly T' queried one. "His mother ?" " No. Miss Moore, the girl le was engaged to. They were to have been married next year I believe, " "What! that jolly little girl who is staying at Canyanboon. I Poor thing ! I should not like to have to break such news to her. It's an awful pity! " It was Mrs. Arnot to whom the sad task fell after all, for her husband would not remain in the house after he had told ler his sad tidings. - Alan dead ? Killed at the fire " wailed Molly looking at her aunt with eyes full of horror. " Aye, lassie, " sorrowfully, but death was merciful to him, he had no suffer ing," MacDonald says." " Dr.- MacDonald Was he not away then? "No, he stayed at the last moment to help against the fire, and lie is bringing poor Alan home now your uncle has gone to meet theni." " Oh ! I have deserved this, it is a judgment on me, wicked wretch that I am, " Molly muttered clenching her hands in her agony of mind and then, throwing herself down on a sofa, she. covered her face with her hands and burst into tears " Conme away to your bedroom and lie down there dear; it will be better for you to be left alone to fight your battle with this sad trial, and, may He, who alone can, comfort your heart this day." " Oh! how thankful I am that I did not say anything last night; if I had, how should I have blamed myself now," thought Molly when left to her own sad- reflections "What a mercy I had not the moral courage to undeceive him when he was building his castles in the air about the happy future, we were to spend together. Two faced monster, that I am, I was not worthy of such an affection as he bore me ; and now he is gone, and I, hateful creature, false to my best friend-am left." "Auntie, I should like to go to Ubara to morrow, will you drive over with me ?" pleaded Molly one morning towards the end of February, as she stood before Mrs. Arnot, looking pale and slight in her black and sombre gown. "Yes child of course I'll go, if it will not do you any harm," answered her aunt, well knowing that it was to a newly made grave in the cemetery there, whither her niece desired to bend her steps. "Thank you, auntie, it will be such a comfort to me to see again the little corner of God's acre where he lies, before I go away." "Then you shall, allbeing well." Alone a mournful figure she stands by the recently up turned sod. . "Good-bye, Alan ;" she murmured, " kindest and best of men, you were spared the pain of knowing your idol was built of clay; better perhaps was it that you should have been taken away then, than that your faith in your kind should have been destroyed, as it assuredly must have been, had I told you all my story." In the main street of Ubara, as she was returning to where her auntawaited her, Molly encountered Dr. MacDonald for the first time since the eve of Christmas. Silently they shook hands, while from his great height he looked down at her pale, half-averted face, mentally taking notes of the ravages, that the sorrow she had undergone, ha;d made in her in a few short weeks. "I hear you are returning to Melbourne almost immediately I" he volunteered. " Yes, next week. It is almost time don't you think i The girls are becom ing imnpatient at my absence." "There is but little wonder. What we shall do, who have no claim upon you to cause you to return I cannot think." He could not help himself, the words leapt forth straight from his heart. " Why not do what Mahomment did then, when the mountain would not come to him? Molly suggestedshily. "Molly earnestly" do you mean that 1 May I come to see you in your home? Will you give me welcome??" "The girls will" "But about yout Molly You, yourself T' "Yes," with a vivid blush, "I too Conrad shall be glad." 