A RIDE FOR LIFE A well - accredited correspondent writes as follows from Coonalpyn says the Register of March 9;—Bushfires of late have been very prevalent in the Ninety- mile Desert, but as a rule they are regarded with indifference, and are seldom attended with any danger. A more extensive conflagration than usual had been observed, apparently about twenty miles to the west of Garra Station where a survey party under Mr Loveday is at present camped. The latter had recently finished a boundary line not a great distance from where the fire appeared to be raging, and as a tank and chaff had been left on the line for future use it was thought prudent to make them secure, so one of the axemen rode out next morning on a beautiful mare, only lately purchased by the Government, to place the chaff out of the reach of the flames. About eight miles from Gara there is a strip of dense mallee and broom about 15 ft. high and three miles wide, which the line has passed through, and in this thick scrub it is next to impossible to make any headway except by the cut line about 6 ft. wide, and owing to the fallen boughs and jagged spikes where the scrub has been cut a horse is seldom allowed out of a walk for fear of getting staked. Whilst riding along the line, which is running north and south, the man noticed the fire which seemed to be as far away as ever, and as the wind was blowing from the north-east he never dreamt of danger as the fire was on the western side of the line. He finished his work, and was riding back in the afternoon when the wind changed, and began to blow strongly from the south- west. Still under the impression that the fire was miles away from the line he rode slowly on, until about a mile and a half through the dense scrub, and was crossing a sandhill, when he heard a mighty roar, and was horrified to see a perfect wall of fire fully two miles in length and about a mile in front of him, blowing with tremendous rapidity towards the line. The mare seemed to realize the danger at the same moment as her rider, and immediately galloped for dear life over the sandhills and fallen trees, the line by this time being almost undiscernible owing to the dense esmoke and clouds of falling embers. Another ten chains and they would be in comparative safety, as they were rapidly coming to the end of the thick scrub, when the animal made a faulty step, and appeared to be coming to a fall stop, which would have meant certain death for both, as the fire by this time was within a stone's throw. A few encouraging words from the rider and she struggled on another couple of hundred yards, and just into the border of low scrub, where they were out of immediate danger. She then stepped and staggered, and the man upon dismounting discovered that the poor mare's near side leg was broken above the hock and the bone protruding. He urged her on a little further away from the flames, and having burnt the scrub close round took her saddle and bridle and walked to camp, another seven miles. Next morning; at dawn the surveyor and axeman rode out to the spot where the mare had been left to die. but they found her some little distauce further on where the fire had burnt itself out. She had evidently dragged herself in front of the fire, and looked as handsome as ever when she neighed at the approach of her rider. It was speedily seen that there was no hope of saviug her life, so a friendly bullet put an end to tbe gallant animal's misery. 