r INTERVIEW WITH A COOLGABDIE PIONEER. (FBOK THBT< AOB ") Amongst recent ariivaS from Coolgardie is Mr. George D. Gorrie, a weil known Victorian miner, for 20 years a resident of Clouts. Mr. Gorrie is one of the pioneers of the new goldfield, and phj aically and otherwiee seems id«ally" fitted to overcome the difficulties of a pioneer's life. He ia one of the original lessees of Bayleys Reward Ne. 1 Souh, a ólaim joining tbe famous BayleyS Reward, and likely to rival that celebrity. Afctr a short holiday io the elstern colonies, Mr. Gtrrie will return to Coolgardie, provided the water on the track from' Southern Cross holds-ont. Meanwhile, be strenuously dis- approves of a rush to the new field, which offers no opening whatever to a man'without capital, or to tho-e who merely leek for em- ployment. The discovery of Coolgardie, which in the aboriginal tongue signifies " a waterhole," is undeabiedly due to Mr. Bayley, a Vietorian ea'ive, born somewhere on the Loddon. About two years ago, Bayley, with a mate named Ford, started from the Murobison goldfield on a prospecting tour. -Striking out along Giles' track, they had not gone far when tbttir horses disappeared; but having re- turned and replaced the animals, they sue oetded in making Ularring Rock, keeping from that point a southerly »ante, and find kg gold at various places in the (.75 miles journey to Coolgardie., A brief search re- vealed EofiWent to compensate them for the perils and hardships of the trip. ' Nuggets of varying'size, front Mwts. fe 6 and 7 ozs. lay all over the Burfacp. These they hastily col- lected, and Bayley made ojaepr two f ure-'ve visits to SMtthern ¡Cress, 120 mile*-distact, for provisions. For some reason these trips aroased curiosity'in the township,'and'a party of thr*c w»r# en one occasion cemmis sipned .1© secretly follow Mr. Bayley on his return. This tbey did successfully. They not only tracked Bajlay .to his camp« bat in tl^tir saddle bags they paeked away and brought back for the 8it/sraétionJôf their neighbour* over 300 oz».' cf gold. As Mr.' Bayley had already bagged 500 ozs. picked frpm the surface within a -radius. -of two mies, getting from Fly.Spot, Flat alone 150 ozs., he deemed it prudent to follow tbe party baiek ta the Cross and" render an official report of ! his discovery. The ne« s spread like a bushfire. An exedus followed, and amongst thjs ürst arrivals en the field was Mr. Gjprrie. " When I got to Coolgardief" remarked Mr- Gorrie, " BayleyS claim oonsisted ef a prospectif area 1,200 ' feet square., .Since then the Rjward-elaim has been considerably charged, and now comprises about 24iacre«. .Bay ey fancied tbe ncrjbb end, and thought there wtrd two distinct reefs, but develop-, ment has proved that there is but one. There ie no tnd of the "rich gold-bearing stone so far-it can be seen in enormous quantities both : orth and south. Further, the gold in the b jttoru of the shaft, on tbe conree of the lode, at a depth cf 55 ( feet was, when I lef,t, as »ich a,* on the snrfaee. BayleyS at present have over 1,000 tons at grass, which will cer- tainly yield 20oz. to'the ton from the stamps when the battery is erected. -They will not treat anything that will not .give ldwt. to the pound of quartz. Tbey are working eo far with a keros ne engine, fonr-horee power. The' mein shaft is 200 feet cast of the lode, 10'xk4 feet, well timbered, and ia this tbey exp. ot to cut.the lode at, 300 feet. Water W8B struck ker i at 94 feet, and at 154 feet tbe overflow was 400 gallons per hour. 41 BayleyS Reward No. 1 South, which I took up in September cf last je^r, adjoins the Beward, and centûts of l8' acres. With the- others-H. Baker, IV Talbot- and F. Foster-I worked the claim from that time until May last, when we sold cut to Mr. Sylvester Browse at a good figure. , Our only machinery was a windlass, which I made myself. In October we discovered a r.ef on the am face'tanning parellel with BayleyS, and 400 feet west of the supposed line of BayleyS reef. ,"We opened the reef' up by a trench 100 feet long, 6 feet deep, with two holes of 12 fvet and 20 feet each. In crossing the surface of the ridge a lot of alluvial gold waa found and some very good leaders. Our shaft on BayleyS boundary was put down 40 feet, when we discovered that the lode in the Beward claim was underlying to the east. We then discontinued it, and sank about 14 yards east, and south from it. Here BayleyS reef was nut, and I am informed by wire the stone is very rich. Some specimens of it are now en their way to Melbourne." " Are there any other promising claims on the field ?" " Yes ; Lyons and Duggan, on the east of No. 1 Souh, have a good show, so also has Gal'e, who holds No. 6 leate. Our western reef passes through his ground, and 1 know that gold has been found all over the surface. Some other parties four or five miles south have also good prospects. From the first day I had no doubt ef the fu'ure of the field. Tbe al'uvial is certainly quickly worked out, especially ia Western Australia, but reefing establishes Coolgaicie as'a permanent gold- field. The lodes are wide and well defined. The stone carries a considerable amount of iron, wi h a 1 ttle speck of galena. . It ii on the whole very free front tbe baBer metal*, and good for amalgamation-that ia, towards the surface. The gold is not patchy, but is evenly distributed. In the Reward tbe lode is about 7ft. wide ; in No. 1 South the western lode is between 3 and 4ft. It is im- possible at present to say what is the area of gold bearing country in the vicinity of Cool- gardie. Beyond a radius of three or four miles the place has i car eely been properly prospected." "Is the Government alive to the necessities of the newfield?" " Wei, I think co ; they are making a big effort to give us a good water supply. West of the township they have bored and struck drinkable water at 180ft., making 250 gallons in 24 hours from a 2£-iach rod. Tbey are pushing on tho railway to Southern Cross within a fortnight it will be not mere than 60 miles distant. The mining law is fairly satiafaetory. Under a miner's right a man is allowed 50ft. square in alluvial and 75ft. along the course of the lode. People grumble that the Government is very slow. We c r tainly need bettor postal and telegraphic communication, but this will eome in time. And as Yilgarn will send a member to Parliament shortly, our wants will not be overlooked." Mr. Gorrie spent a week at HannanS rush. This place is distant abont 28 miles from Coolgardie It is named after its diseoverer. About June last Mr. Hannan, in charge of a large party, set out to the Yule Mountain to look fer a repotted goldfield. In travelling he picked up a half-ounce nugget, made some excuse to the party for returning, and with a mata nanv=d Flanaghan he reported the dis- covery and obtained 10 ordinary aUuviul claims as his reward. Since then HannanS has maintained a population of between 1,000 and 2,000. Mr. Gorrie describes the country as being under a deposit of cement, 10 to 12 feet deep. The cement overlies tVse ridges and coverB the caps of the lcd*s. The best show on the field is that of Egan and party, who, in three weeks, with the aid of half a bottle of quicksilver and the head of a pick, dollied out 650ozs. The reef in their claim is enly 15 inches wide, but it is pheno- menally rich. Other likely localities are Roaring Gimlet and 45-Mile. ssrvmmmm. Timbeáis plentiful both ¿for mining pur- poses, "and. for fuel.. _" AIL that,Coo'gardie requires,'' remarked Mr. Gorrie, in conclusion, "is a oepious supply of water. Between 2,000 and 3,000 packliórses, for wbioh their owners, having arrived at their destination, have now no use, are running wild and drinking np ali the water. Many of them must perish, but what I most fear ia that the water on the "track between Southern CrosB and Coolgardie will give ont, in which case we shall be unable to get provisions' to the field. We have already there- all the men who can be supp ied with water and pre- visions. I would advise every man who can- not have at least ¿6100 in his pooket on reaching tbe field to avoid Coolgardie for the present." 