MINING INTELLIGENCE. !> THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF PERTH. The following are Monday's quotations : MORNING. Gold.-B'aokborne (pro.), sellers la. 6d, buyers 9d. ; do. (con.), sellers Is., bnyers 6d. ; Central, sellers 12s., buyers 5s. ; Eraser's, sellers 4s. 6d., buyers 3s. 6d. ; Eraser's Sooth (pro.), sellers 4s. 6d.; do. (con.), sellers t ~ 4a. 6d., buyers 3s. 9d. ; Caledonian I Issue (con.), sellers Is. ; No. 1 Central ? Extended, sellers Is. 9d. ; Waterhall (con ), '- sellers 6d. ; West An- tralian, buyers l^d. ; 1 Star of the East (pre), buyers 5s. 3d. \ PERTH STOCK EXCHANGE, LIMITED. Mr. John Neil, secretary of the Peith Stock Exchange, Limited, reports under yesterday's date :-Business on opening day 7\. of the week looks decidedly promising, the investing public being still to the front in the J majority of our progressive and active t dealing mines, notably Blackberries, Centrals, Fraser's, Eraser's South, No. 1 Central Es tendeds, and Star of East. Ia Blackbornes a great amount of speculative dealing id about, the telegram announcing a majority m ' favour of winding-up, which was left over ~ "for final decision until Friday, has been more , than counter balanced by newB of au un- expected and phenomenal discovery, which is ' reported to eqaal anything yet received from x' Coolgardie, if tbis but continues in depth. . ' Wo have here listed on 'Change, and dealt in f every day at a great discount Blackborne , and other mining shares. Surely investors will realise the importance of the fact that / by buying these officially quoted shares at a ptice round about prtsent figures, they have a_graater chance of a fortune than buying syndicate shares m undeveloped properties, only quoted in the other colonies at an immense premium. On Blackborne they have machinery of the highest olats, together ' with the mine laid open in a miner-like manner. Captain Pleitner has proved his judgment in the past, and will undoubtedly \ be to the front again w.t'a such a discovery as has just baen announced. A few thousand shares now wantha u prompt " would have a salutary effect upon the market, and it is to be hoped that holders who have bought at higher figures will come \- forward and buy to average. If they will i bnt follow this precept the Bbares will be < nearer 2s. 6d. than Is The genaral market feeling is that the price of sound investment steoks have receaed considerably below the point at which they may be treated aa specu i lative. The hard headed business man wi.l, therefore, come forward and pick up the / prizes as only tre man of money can pick up the bargains now knocking round. I feel quite satisfied in my own mind that there are " a number of stooks to be obtained cheap by those who have the money end the pluck. Dividends and satief tie tory balance sheets must \-- tell in the end against the ''bears." The present is a favourable opportunity to buy, and as almost everyone has been discounting lower * prices it requues no greit stretch of the '* ' imagination to bring about a " bear " funk. Sales have to be recorded in Fraser's at 4s. , 5d., Fraser's.South at 4s lid., No. 1 Central *" Extendeds at Is. 6d , Star of Eist 5*. lOd * and 6s , Blaokborn^s (pro) at Is. Centrals \ also changed hands in a small parcel at 11s. Closing prices : Blackborne (pro.), buyers Is , salters Is. 3d.; do. (con.),buyers4d.,aellerä9d.; | Central, buyers 9s. 6d., sellers 10s. 6d; Fraser's, buyers 4s. 3d., sellers Is. 6d ; do. f i South (pro.), buyers 4s. 3d., sellers 4s. 6d ; xdo. '(oon.), buyers 4s., sellera 43. 3d ; ;' Hope's Hill Amal. (pro), buyers 9d., sellers, Is. ; do. (con.), buyers 2s., sellers 2s. 6d. f Caledonian Issue (con.),buyers9d.,6ellerslld.; c Murchison Cona, (pro.), buyers Is. 3d., sellars s 2s.; do. (con), buyers 3d., sellers 6d ; ') No. l'CentralExtended, buyers Is. 5d., sellers ',, Is. 7d. ; Nannine (pro.), buyers 2s., sellers . "y 2a. 6d. ; do. (con.), buyers Is., sel -t lera la. 6d. ; Waterhall (pro), buyers 9d., seller s Is.; do. (con.), buyers 2d.,sellers 4d ; ', Star of East (pro.),buyers 5s. lid., sellers 6s. 3<£ ; do. (con.), buyers 4s., sellers 4s. 6d.; Broken Hill Proprietary, at seven days, T buyers 47s. 6d., sellers 48a. 6d. ; Block Ten, ' do., buyera 14s. 3d., sellers 15s. 3d.; Fre- mantle Gas, buyers 16s. 6d., sel'ers 19s. Gd. ; ; Perth Gas, bujers 21s., sellers 23s.; Perth Ice, «buyers 12a., sellers 14s. ; Stanley Brewery ! '(pro.), buyers 23s., sellers 25s.; do. (con), ' buyers 21s. 6d., sellers 23s. 6d.; Swan Brewery, _,- buyers 4s, sellers 4s. 6d. ; Swan Seap and w Candle, buyers Ila. 6d., sellera 12s. 6d.; W.A. , » Mortgage, sellers 10s. ; W.A. Trustee, Executor and Agency, buyers 7s. 9d., sellers 8a. l£d.; West Australian Bank, buyers £20 10s., sellers £2110s. V ADELAIDE MINING QUOTATIONS. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) O ( ADELAIDE, November 20. On 'Change to-day, shares m the following ' mines were quoted as under :-Brokens, 49a. 6d. ; Block Ten, 15s ; Junction North, <v8*d. ; Lake View and Boulder East, 6s. Id. LATER. On 'Change to-day shares in the following f West Australian mining ventures wera \ quoted asunder:-Coolgardie, ¿8135, .£150; , Mcculloch, £ZZ, .£34; Fortune of War, 4s. , lid. ; Ivanhoe, 13s. Gd., 14s. ; Lake View and ^ Bonlder East, 6^d. ; Blaokborno, 1B. 4d. SOUTHERN CROSS NEWS. SENSATIONAL DISCOVERY IN <, BLACKBORNE'S MINE. STONE OF FABULOUS RICHNESS. A CHANGE IN THE MANAGEMENT OF Y THE CENTRAL MINE. .ARRIVALS FROM COOLGARDIE. * [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) * SOUTHERN CROSS, November 20. r Blaokborne's mine furnished another great /surprise this afternoon. Capr. Pleitner , brought in specimens of fabulously rich stoue, quite a miniature Coolgardie. The stone is tho richest ever found in the mine. Capt. Pleitner says that a large body of this stone ia in sight. He has also proved the permanence of the shoot mentioned in the last w re. He expresses his opinion that Blackborne's mini will now prove equal to ' the greatest expectation". The discovery bas wakened Sontnern Cross into something approaching excitement and activity. On Saturday List Mr. George ParK resigned the management of the Central mine. His ^p ace has been taken by Mr. J C. Matthews. Mr. Park has throughout shown great pluck, perseverance and ability in the management Kunder great difficulties and h*t,s earned the re-psct aud admi< ation of all here, including the miners on the mine. Mr. J. C. Matthews ia A mine minager of mxny years «tanding and exparience and as he po3s¿sses dogged déterminât on he will douofclaas give a good J account of his charge. Lirsje numbera o? men have recntly arrived from Coolgaidia. Tae groat majority 'seam possessed of gold and contented minds, and will return again when the lain falls. BLACKBORNE'S G.M. COMPANY. MEETING IN ADELAIDE. UNANIMOUS FEELING IN FAVOUR OF WINDING-ÜP. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROH OUR CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, November 20. At an extraordinary meeting of the share- holders of Blaokborne's Go'.d Mining Com- pany, Southern Cross, held at Adelaide to-day, a special report on the condition of the mine was read. The report shows that latterly the gold ore has pinched out and that the cruahinga a o very unsatisfactory. On the adviee of the tUrectors it waa agreed to wind up th« company voluntarily. [Mr. R. H. Barrett, steck and sharebroker, of this eity, received the following wire yes- terday morning fiom the legal manager of the Blackborne's mine at Adelaide :-" Meeting ntl.!. Seventy-seven thousand shares repre- sented. Unanimous feeling favour winding np, but adjourned to Friday, mature con- sideration, final decision."] THE DUNDAS GOLDFIELD. THREE MONTHS* EXEMPTION GRANTED. The Commifsijcer of Crown Lands has granted three months' exemption to the Dundas goldfield upon the recommendation of the Warden. THE SIBERIA RUSH, COOLGARDIE. REPORT BY ONE OF THE RESCUE PARTY. Mr. W. Look Armitage, a member of the rescue party despatched from Coolgardie to succour the men who proceeded te the Siberia rush and wer* driven baok by want of water, has supplied the following report, dated Morrowing (35 mile soak), November 2nd, to Mr. Renou, the Superintendent of Water Supply: Agreeabie to verbal instructions issued on Tuesday, October 24th, I proceeded to thiity-five mile soak to assist P. Eveaton (in charge of water). Arrived there on Wednesday, noon. Found camp of about 600 men, with teams and horses all over the place. Eveston informed me that he could do nothing to prevent the men help- ing themselves to water, and in consequence of violent threats made from time to time, by them, he resigned his position, and said I could do the best I could. At midday on Wednesday, half-famished horsemen came in at intervals from the bush, from unsuccess- ful attempts to find the reported field at 65m. Several teams returned and men eame in in an exhausted condition. No one seemed able to locate the field. Reports of men being out lost in the bush with little or no water, were numerous. Some had reported leaving mates in a perishing eondition, and many averred that men were in cíese proximity to soak, unable to make their way in. Excitement ran high, and I called for volunteers to keep a fire burning on highest point of rooks for an hour or so. Soma 30 responde!, and we kept a signal fire burning until about midnight, bus could discern no answering fires. Eveston da par tod with water-carrier to Coolgardie next m:>rn;ng (Thursday.) In the meantime a mob of Ameer's camels had come on to the s oak. They were warned by Eveston about watering them there. About midday the excitement among the men became greatly intensified, stragglers still continued to creep ia, and many good bushmen returned unable to fini the field. They reported seeing touls, swags and clothes strewn about the ranges on ahead, and word went round that two men were seen dead. Loud murmurs among the men at the seeming inaction of the Govern- ment, were now heard, and the threat openly made te take the camels by force and go out to the resoue. Seeing tbe increasing agitation some men with myself called a meeting of all hands at " the Well" to discuss the situation and to devise some remediary measures. As principal convener, I addressed the men and called for any suggestions from tham aa to the wisest course to pursue. Some suggested teams being dispatched, but tnis waa aban- doned aa beingtoo doubtful, owing to the heavy sand plain on the track out. It was then asked, " What are the Government doing in this matter?" and it was propo-ed and carried that a deputation of two or three consult with the Afghan in oharge and endeavour to dis- patch 12 camels laden with water along the route. Two men carne over with me, and Jaaaeelkhan, the Afghan in charge, readily consented on receiving ray aasurance that I represented the Government. The Afghans said that their employer, Ameer, had that morning gone eut with two camela searching for lost men, leaving instructions that if not baok that night for 12 additional camels to be dispatched. This waa thought too slow to be of any avail, so they went for th» camels at once. Volunteers from the orowd then filled the necessary casks, and I sought for two volunteers to accompany me on expedit'on. W. Lewia Davis (one of the aforementioned deputation) immediately con- sented. One or two wera approached, but declined. Ultimately, W. Lobban consented to accompany us. We at first proposed being absent for threo days, but circumstances afterwards arising compelled us to extend our journey. A final call for firearms for the protection of the water was made, and a start was made from the soak at 4 p.m. on Thurs- day (26th). Two Afghans, Pindar and Jameelkhan, with eight camels laden with water, accompanied na threa. We were commissioned to rescue any perishing men, and decided nob to distribute any water otherwise. The camels carried 350 gais, water, and wo walked on ahead. When about five miles from soak, met Vaughan, horseman, with two other packhorses. He reported discovery of new find, 70 miles fcom soak. Very little water to be ob- tained at a " soak " seven miles from new find. Said he took two hours watering three horses. About 50 men on field and doubtful how long water would hold out Warned him of the serious consequences of a big rush, and he promised to do his best to discourage a wholesale exodus from 35-mile soak. Travelled 15 miles, then camped for night. Warned everyone on track of the reported scarcity of water at new rush, and put notice on tree near track that anyene going on must not depend on eamels for water, and that tbey would proceed at their own risk. We were asked for water all aloog the track by men who were going on, or wait- ing for the teams te catch thom. In only the most pressing cases we complied, as we dec'dcd t-v try and canserve our water for use ahead. Friday, 27kh.-Started at 8 a.m. Ridley, teamster, just behind with eight horde team and dray loaded with water. He was proceeding to his men 50 miles on. At intervals throughout the day passed about 150 men, mostly waiting for teams. Warned every group to turn back, the warnings being met with derision by many. During previous night leam had gone on to follow Vaughin'a pad to field. Reached this turnoff track (about 28 mile^) about 1.30. The track le ives the northerly one in a N.E. direction ; 100 mun waiting at junction for team*. Repeated my warning to them not to rely ou camels for water, and told them of assured scarcity on field. Saw a paper containing directions for finding new rush on blazed tree at the jonction. Passed several men returning tofollow Vaagban's pad. Warned them. The camels prooeedsd along the northerly track, whioh was supposed to lead away from fields. Horsemen bad reported to me at the soak that they bad followed it for many miles, and seen tools, swags, &c;, thrown away, but they eould net find the field. Passed team returning at about 30 miles. They reported 26 mea missing. Lob ban took list of men away while we made enquiries about others. At 33 miles passed blazed tree, and footpads principally to east. At 35 miles (where we camped for night) saw another blazed tree, giving list of several men who had gone east. This pad was called the " Whitehorse track," and mast have intersected that of Vaugban's. Walked on to 37 miles, where I found a camp of about 50 men (Ridley's team). Called men together and got information of any missing. In addition to list already obtained heard of 11 others, all reported absent, who had left teams at variona times. Waa told of three teams gone on ahead, three days since, insuffi- ciently supplied with water. MoBt of miss- ing men (including about 50 with teams) had gone north or north-east. On returning to camp held oouncil of whites, and we decided to proceed on northerly track, as the great balk ef men had gone that way. Ridley (teamster) told me he intended striking east to out Vauarhan's pad. He had enough water on dray to remain oat several days, and retara to Wrayside Soak. The other teams and men mast have made new mab or perished. At the camp (Ridley's) I was informed that Marr brothers had gone off north-west to a soak they obtained water at last year. If no water there this time, they would be close to perishing. Some footmen had been seen foi lewiBg their pad, but had all returned, although some bad been rescued by men from camp and found lying down exhausted. Heard that Mr. Peacock was on ahead te east. He had passed 15 men, without swags or to«l8, making for Coolgardie, and bad given tbem a drink each. Afghans chary about going on. Persuaded at last. Satur- day, 28th.-Left notice on blazed tree fer police, giving route, ¿o. Up at sunrise. Camels off in about one and a half hours. Went on for eight miles. Soenred ceuntry right and left as we went. Saw fires in many directions. Investigated all, thinking signal fires, but they proved tobe bush-fires only. Having heard that some doubt existed as to whether all men bad returned to teams who had followed Marr's pad, followed that for several miles. Afghan pioked np Ameer's pad with camels. He was goiag N.W.,so we went ou to central track. Followed on for 12 miles. Saw paoks and tools abandoned. At 2 30 met man who said that the men we were following had reached the field safely. He said three men had been captured in a demented condition, running naked about the bush, and also had heard of three men rescued by the teams. Pushed off west for a few miles looking for pads. Scoured the country for a radins of 6 or 7 miles westerly. Saw only one man's track, following horsepad. to new rush. Found no other indications of lost mea. Heard that there was over 200 men on field and great dissatisfaction at scarcity of water, and the absence of any Govern- ment men to control supply. Many men were said to be leaving field owing to scarcity of water. As we were only 20 miles from the field, we debated the matter, and as no one bad come out to supersede me, I decided that the oonduct of the expedition was left to ns. After deliberation, we decided to make tbe field and maka full enquiries before returning. Sunday 29th.-Started early. Davis and Lobban scouring low ranges on west to meet us at field. Camels continued on, while I kept a good loak out nearer'track on west aide. Passed over 100 men going to field. Relieved several who were miles ahead of their teams. At 2 p.m., camels on good faed country. Nene on ahead. Turned them oat, and went en to field for ration?, and to make enquiries. Met a storekeeper named C. J. Moran. He assured me that men were famishing for water on field, and said there were 250 horses on soak as well. He said a oamelman named Loche knew of a good soak 20 miles away, and he strongly urged me to out a track to it. Saw Lochs and got par- ticulars of route. Decided to find soak, pro- vided an assured supply of water could be procured at 65 miles for camels. Parehased fe* necessary stores, including fruit for Afghans, who had been eiok that day and ascribed it to want of meat. On returning to camp met W. Ward, horseman, sent out by Mr. Renoa to warn all footmen to return at once. Teld him of all the men on field and be advised me to try and find soak. When I reached camp, Lobban and Davis reported trackin? ene man, evidently exhausted, aoros3 several gullies for three miles, until his trail was lost en a large rocky ridge. They ?earohed carefully round for three hours, but could find no further traca of him. His foot- marks were of that light, shuffling descrip- tion, such as would be made by one almost exhausted, and they are convinced that the poor fellow moat have perished. As they bad nearly 17 miles to cross cona try to catch camels they were, unfortunately, unable to establish his- identity. Several other tracks were crossed, but all seemed leading to the maia track. Monday 30th.-As Ward told me he would be watering his horse at field or probably at soak I did not lose any time inspecting sam'). Found great water-panic on field. Men had obtained water from us at night, to start them on road toC^îl'srde. Beard ef plenty desirous of leaving and nnable to do so, on account of no water being procurable on field. Men going about craving for a drink. Some said they had been without it for l8 hours. Decided to distributa what water I could spare. Took two camels ou to field and distributed £ gal. each to over 140 raen, who then made haste to to get away. With dishes, buckets, billycans, and waterbags, all scrambled round and im- patiently awaited their turn. Soon the stream of footmen was swelled, and a regular procession of men proceeded on the down track. Undoubtedly, many man would have been unable to leave tho field had not I had some 80 gals, to spare. Lobban decided to chance it on field for a few days, and remained there. He was warned of the futility cf expecting help from Government. Over 150 men gone from field. Started back for 35 mile soak (aa water doubtful) in after- noon ; travelled until about 10 p.m. (15 miles) ; men still returning ; passed none going up; some teams starting on down track with horses nearly done up. Had in- terview with J. Marr. He said all the men who had followed him returned to their teams or reached the field. Tuesday, 31st.-Tra- velled down nearest pad to soak ; picked np Eveston's b'-g 50 miles out (empty, and no water to spare to refill). Camped from 12 till four, then travelled on at night (25 miles). Relieved several travellers on down track. Wednesdiy, Nov. 1st.-Picked np bag at 28 mile (empty). Saw notice on blazed tree at same place, signed by 60 men, warning tra- vellers from going northwards. At night pas-ed two teams goiDg to field ; warned them no water on track, and none on field. Reached 35-mile soak at midnight. Thurs- day, Nov. 2nd.-Getting things together, writing report, looking for team to take *wag in, arranged go wir.h camels to-morrow morn- ing. In conclusion, I may say that I am sure from the serious nature of the reports which circulated at the 35-mile soak, just prior to our departure, quite warranted the action we took. That the a'leged great loss of life was a gross exaggeration cannot be denied. I ask to b3 judged-cot from the circum stances as we know them now, but by the wave of thrilling reports which aroused such agitation among the minera at the 35-mile. My companions-Davis and Lobban-left without swags or an abundance of rationB.. They conscientiously performed what proved to be a trying duty, and .1 strongly recom- mend them to yoar favourable consideration. 