THE MOBAL OF THE QUEENS LAND FLOODS. " J-Gr-O.T./'iu the Garden and Field for A pril, says :--The much-deplored inundations of Queensland and $Jew South Wales teacli a moral which it would be well if the people and the Governments took heed of and profited by, so as to abate the evils in future. "YVe cannot do better than point out the causes again which lead to such results, and ever must increase the liability, whether people believe it or not. It is one of [Nature's great truths that wherein one sinneth thereby one is punished. Let us illustrate by a simple experimeut what we mean. Laj a board-pierced with small holes, if you like-slantingly on and towards a flat table, and pour 6ome water oil the upper end. It will run off quickly and form a pool on the table, very little passing through the holes, if there bo any, on its down passage, and the less the steeper the board be. Now corer the board with a blanket, and pour water again 011 the top end. You will and that it requires a very much larger quantity "before any at all reaches the table, and that a considerable quantity will pass gradually through the holes in board, and that a uiuch longer time expires ere the blanket and the board become dry than it took to drain and I dry the board aloue. Call the board J " mountain" and " hillsides," and the table a plain," and you have the theory of the floods in a nutshell. Originally the mountain and hillsides ?were covered by trees, shrubs, herbs, and mosses; the plains mostly by numerous tufts of smaller and taller sedges and grasses. These are represented by the blanket. The ground was kept loose and porous (full of small holes) by worms, insects, decaying roots, &c.; The water-chau nels (brooklets, creeks, rivers) were blocked up by densely- growing shrubs, seeds, and vegetation^ All these tended to reduce the speed with which the water, descending upon the country as violent or continued rain, could flow off and gave it time to soak into the ground, thus stopping, perhaps, the greater volume altogether! Catlin tells us ("Socks of America") that he saw an immense flood disap pear wholly in the space of a few hundred miles, while descending the Yellowstone Biver (E think) with it. The remainder was so obstructed that it reached the plain gradually, and would probably not have been able to cause an inundation if the beds of rivers had not also been partly blocked by reeds and other obstructions. By deforesting and clearing the inclines of these plants, intentionally or through bush-fires, the worms and insects ihat kept the ground loose and porous have mostly been killed, the obstruction to the most rapid descent of the water removed, the ground trodden firmly and hard in many areas by heavy stock-what else can be expected than what happened ? that is, the plain being turned into a great pool by the rushing waters meeting with a flat surface, and accu mulating on it, as on a level table. " But," it will be ejaculated, " the land is wanted for crops." Just so ; but not aTJTJ available, for the same reason as not all of the nuts were available to the boy in the story, when he grasped too many in his hands at once, and could not get the hands or nuts out of the "jar with the narrow neck." Progress enforced too fast is far more dangerous for future prosperity than too slow a Bpeed, as abundantly proved by all history which few know, and less care to learn." [This letter is very interesting and suggestive. We heartily endorse the writer's protest, but has he not over looked the amount of rain (70 to 80 inches in a few days), and the short distance from the hills to the sea? We do not think there is evidence to show that the floods are worse now than formerly, and considering the small extent of settlement, we are inclined to think that up to the present the clearing of the lower portion of the river- beds would com pensate for the clearing of the land and watercourses on the uplands. ED. G. and F.~]. 