INTERVIEW WITH A COOLGARDIE PIONEER (FBOH THE " AGE.") , Amongst roaent arriva'a from Coolgardie is Mr. G' orge D. Gorrie, a well- known Viotorian miner, fer 20 years a resident of Clunes. Mr. Gorrie is one of the pioneers of the new goldfield, and physically and otherwise seems ideally fitted to overcome the difficulties of a ^' pioneer's life. He is one of the original ?' lessees of Bayley's Reward Ne. 1 South, a ?'. claim joining the famous Bayley's Reward, and likely to rival that celebrity. After, a. short holiday in the eastern colonies, Mr. Gorrie will »tarn te Coolgardie, provided tbs water on the traok from Southern CroBB holds oat. Meanwhile, he strenuously dis- - approves of a rneb, to the new field, which offers no opening whatever to a man without « capital, or to those who merely look for am« , ployment. The discovery ef Coolgardie, which in the aboriginal tongue signifies " a waterhole," is undoubtedly due to Mr. Bayley, a Vietorian . native,born somewhere on the Loddon. About 'tiro year« "ago, Bayley, with a mate named Ford, started from the Murchison goldfield on a prospecting tour. Striking out along Giles' traok, they bad not gone far wh-n their horses disappeared; but having re- turned and replaced tbe animals, they BUS seeded in making Ularring Rook, keeping from that point a southerly rente, and find- ing gold at various plaoes in the 75 miles journey to Coolgardie. A brief search re- vealed sufficient to compensate them for the perils and hardships of the trip. Noggets of varying size, from Sdwts. te 6 and 7 oes. lay all over the enrfaoe. These they hastily col- lected, and Bayley made one or two furtive visits to Southern Cress, 120 miles distant, for provisions. For some reason these trips I aroused curiosity in the township, and a ? party of three were on one occasion commis- sioned to soeretly follow slr. Bayley on his retara. This they did saooessfally. They not only tracked Bayley te his eamp, but in their Baddie bags they packed away and brought back for the satisfaction of their neighbours over 300 ose. of gold. As Mr;. Bayley had already bagged 500 oas. pioked from the enrfaoe within a radius of two* miles, getting from Fly Spot Fiat alone 180» OZB" he deemed it prudent to follow tbe party - back to the Cross and render an offioial report" of his diBOOvery. The news spread like a bushfire. An exodus followed, and amongst ' the first arrivals on the field was Mr. Gorrie. " When X got to Coolgardie," remarked Mr. Gorrie, " Bay'ey's claim oonsúted ef a prospecting area 1,200 feet square. Sinos thr u the Reward claim has been considerably enlarged, and now comprises about 24 acres. I Bay'ey fancied the north end, and thought there were two distinct reefs, but develop j ment OBS proved that there is but-one. There. I is ne end of the rich gold-bearing stone BO far-it can be seen in enormous quantities . both north and south. Further, the gold in the bottom of the ahuft, on tbe course of the lode, at a depth pf 55 feet was, when I left,' as rich ai on the surface Bayley's at present have over 1,000 tons at grass, which will cer- tainly yield 20os. to the ton from the stamps whea the battery is crested. They will not treat anything that will not give ldwt. to the pound of quartz. They are working so far with a keroB-ne engine, four-horse power. The main shaft is 200 feet east of the lode, *> 10 x 4 feet, well timbered, and in this they expeot to out the lode at 300'feet. Water was struck ber*» at 94 feet, and at 154 feet th« overflow was 400 gallons per hour. ¡ "Bayley's Reward No. 1 South, which F took up in September of last yew, adjoins tbe Reward, »nd oeneists of 18 acres. With . the others-H. Baker, T. Talbot and F. Fosser-I worked the claim from that time until May last, when we «old out to Mr. .Sylvester Browse at a good figure. Our only maohioeey was a windlass, which I made myself. In October we discovered a reef on the surface running parallel with. Bayley's, and 400 feet west of the supposed line of Bayley's reef. We opened the. reef up by a trench 100 feet long, 6 feet deep, with two boles of 12 feet and 20 feet each. Ia crossing the surface of the ridge a lot of alluvial gold was found and some very good leaders. Oar shaft on Bayley's boundary was put down 40 feet, when we discovered that the lode .in the Reward claim was uuderlying to the east. We then discontinued it, and sank about 14 yards east, and south from it. Here Bayley's reef was met, and I am informed by wire the stone is very rich. Some specimens of it are now en their way to Melbourne." " Are there any other promising claims on the field?" " Yes ; Lyons and Duggan, on the east of -, No. 1 South, have a good show, so also has .' Gaile, who holds No. 6 lease. Our western reef passes through his ground, and I know tbat gold has been found all over the eurfaoe. Some other parties fonr or five miles south - have also good prespeots.- From the first . day I bad no doubt ef the future of the field. The alluvial is certainly quickly worked out, especially in Western Australia, but reefing establishes Coolgardie as a permanent gold- field. The lodes are wide and well defined. The stone carries a considerable amount of iron, with a little speck of galena. It is on .g the whole very free from tbe baser metals, and good for amalgamation-that is, towards the surface. The gold is not patchy, but is evenly distributed. In the Reward the ' lode is about 7ft. wide ; in No. 1 South the western lode is between 3 and 4ft. It is im- possible at present to say what is the area of gold bearing country in the vicinity of Cool- gardie. Beyond a radiuB of three or fonr miles the place bas soareely bera properly prospected." " Is the Govormheut «lire to theneooisltiea of th» Btw field r " Well, I think se ; thor aro making a big effort to give ne a good water supply. West of the township they have bored and struok drinkable water at 180ft., making 250 gallons in 84 beurS from a 2t-iach rod. They are pushing on the railway td Southern Gross within ft fortnight it will be not mere than 60 miles distant. The mining' law is fairly satisfactory. Under a miner's i i »ht a man ii allowed 50ft. square in alluvial and 75ft. along the oonrse of the lode. People grnmble th*t the Government is very slow. We cer- tainly need better portal and telegraphic communication, but this will com« in time. And as Yilgarn will send a member to Parliament shortly, oar wants will not be overlooked/' Mr. Gorrie spent a week at Hansen's rush. This place is distant about 28 miles from Coolgardie. It is named after its discoverer. About June last Mr. HanBan, in oharge of a large party, Bet ont to the Yule Mountain to look far a reported goldfield. In travelling be picked np a half-onnoe nugget, made some exouse to the party for returning, and with a mate named Flanaghas he reported tbe dis . covary and . obtained 10 ordinary alluvial claims as his reward. Sinoe then Hannan's bas maintained a population of between 1,000 and 2,000. Mr. Gorrie desoribas the country as being under a deposit of cement, 10 to 12 feet-deep. The cement overlies the ridges and covers the caps of the lodes. The best show on the field is that of Egan and party, who, in three weeks, with the aid of half a bottle of quicksilver and the head of a piak, dollied ont 650ozs. The reef in their olaim is only 15 inches wide, but it is pheno- menally rich. Other likely localities are Boa ring Gimlet and 45- Mile. Timber is plentiful both for mining pur. posts and for fuel. " All that Coolgardie requires," remarked Mr. Gorrie, in conclusion, "ii s oepious supply of water. Between 2,000 and 3,000 pack horses, for which their ewners, having arrived at their destination, have now no use, are running wild and , drinking up «ll the water. Many of them must perish, hat what I most fear ia that the water OB the track between Southern Cross and Coolgardie will give out, ia which case we shall be unable to get provisions to the field. We have already lhere all the men who eau be supplied with water abd pre- visions. I would advise everyman who eau-1 not have at least ¿8100 in his pocket on reaching the field to avoid Coolgardie for the present." 