WARRAGUL COUNTY COURT. WEDNESDAY, 14TII JUNE. o--- (BEFORE HIS HosNOR JUDGE CIIO31LEY.) JURY CASE-CLAIM FOR DAMACE BY BUSH-FIRE. The following jury were sworn:--J. G. Young (foreman), John Lillico, Walter Kelly, and M. Coghlan. Henderson v, Guest, a claim fof-3499 for alleged damages caused by fire on the "Bona Vista " Estate, Warragul, which, it was alleged. was caused by burning off on road being formed by ia contractor said to be in thie employ.of defendant, owner of the estate, and inflicting damages to the amount claimed to plaintiff, the lesses of the property. Mr. Smith (instructed by Mr. HTodgsou, of Pavey, Wilson, and Cohen, Melbourne), appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Kil patrick and Mr. W. Campbell, instructed by Mr. James Gray. appeared for the defendant. Mr. Smntlh stated that the action was taken by Mr. Henderson, a gentleman well and favorably known in the district. Mr. Guest, the defendant, was a steamn biscuit manufacturer in Melbourne, and owner of the " Bona Vista " Estate, near Warragul. Mr. Guest, leased the estate, comprising 2000 acres, to Mr. Henderson, for the sum of £4225 per annum. ln the lease Mr. Guest reserved the right to make roads through the property, with a view to cutting it ulp, aid the whole difficulty has arisen from this. Mr. Guest had commenced making roads while the property was held under lease by Mr. Henderson, and employed a man namued Feeley to clear a road right- through the laud on the south side of a creek. Feeley had to burn off the timber, and the fires had set 400 acres of good grass alight. The defence raised by Mr. Guest was very weak, and in effect that the fire came from outside the estate. Any person setting fire to grass was not only liable for the damages done, but also for a penalty of £100. Two fires had taken place, the first on the 9thl February, and the second on the 27th March. Feeley had admitted that the fire broke out on his contract, and was afraid he would get six months for it, and that his money would be stopped, in fact.Mr. Daskin, the surveyor employed by Mr. Guest had asked if he should stop Feeley's money. For the defence Mr. Kilpatrick quoted the Act, and said that the fire was not caused by defendant or his servants; it was denied that the fire was caused by Feeley, and if so he was an imidependant contractor, for whose actions the defen daint was not liable. Mr. Smith put in the lease between Guest and Henderson, also the contract between Feeley and Mr. Daskein. Richard Faulknbr, laborer, said ihe . was was working on Feeley's contract in Eebruary last. The road was cleared by firing the timber. Witness was instructed to burn off by Feeley. Commenced to burn about the last of January. Witness continued burning up to the 21st of February, on which date lie left. A fire broke away on the 9th of February, start ing about two chains off the road where the fires were burning. Witness first saw the smoke rising on the homestead side of the creek, the south side of the road. about 50 chains from Bryan's contract, on the west end. Witness and a manls named MO'Gowan went to look at the tire, and found the grass in a blaze all round. Witness did not see any other fires about. Some of the heaps on the -road were eight to ten feet high. A.pretty strong wind was blowing about ten or eleven o'clock, coming from 'the north- west. The fire started at at-10.0. The road was simply marked with pegs, and there was nothing to stop -the fire froit spreading. The grass was getting dry at the time. Witness tried to put the fire out but did not succeed, the fire getting away fromt thesm towards the homestead. At this stage the court adjourned. TiUUSDAY. Tihe witness Faulkcr. continuing, said the fire on the ith of February started near the butt of a tree. In reply to Mr. Kilpatrick, the witness said there was smoke all round Warragiul on the 9th February, which was a very hot day. William M'Gowtn, laborer, was work. ing for Feeley up to the 9th of February. Feeley was bsurning out a stump. Witness tried to put out the fire on the 8th, but could not, as it ran up the tree, and the fire got away to the north-west, slightly away from the homestead and away fromt Bryan's contract. Thle fire first burnt a log fence in an easiterly direction. To Mr. Kilpatrick: Was speaking to Faulkner that morning about the lire starting in the stump. Feeley told him to put the fire out. The day, Tihursday, th February, was the hottest day in the year. There were fires all round.' Saw smoke in the swamp near the creek. JohnJohnstoni, a laborer working on Feeley's contract, knocked off about the 10th February. Feeley lit the fires at the start of the job. The closed-in fires were burning all the time but not the heaps of logs. Witness heard Mi.' Henderson having a conversation with Feeley. Henderson said "It is dangerous to be burning off now.' Feeley said, " I can't help it. I must do it to complete the job in- the specified time." Henderson re pllied, " 0 well if there is any damage done I shall look to Mr Guest for it." To Mr. Kilpatrick: Never heard Mr. Henderson say to Feeley, " Keep on burning, it has got nothing to do with you." It would be a lie if Feeley said that Iheo did not light a tire from the end of January to the 9th of Febtsary. To Mr Smith: There was a fire burning on the.road on the 8th of February, and this lit the stump in the paddock. Ed. B. Bryans had a contract on the 190-acre block for Mr. Guest, through Mr. Daskein. There were fires on Feeley's contract on the eighth of Febrnary. On the ninth of February M'Gowan came to witness, and the latter went down to the fire about one o'clock, vhich was spread ing away to the east and then spread soutlhwards. The fire arose from Feeley's clearing; there was no other fire about. At four o'clock the fire was siill burning, and was eastward af Witt's cantract. Had seen two of Feeley's men building up fires in the morning. To the best of his belief the fire came from Feeley's contract, and travelled in a south-westerly direction. The fire burned all that night and the following day, aid passed Guest's road. On the 29th of April witness ,had a con versation with Mr. Guest. Mr. Dickenson asked how the fire originated, witness said he thought it came from Feeley's road. He also asked if the fire might not have come from WYatson's. Witness replied it was impossible of too much land between unburnt. Witness could not see any other fire on the estate on the 27th. To Mr. Kilpatrick: Had been dis charged from-the police force for insubor dination. Had served several of the witnesses in this case with sublicnas. A written statement was produced by Mr, Kilpatrick, signed by the witness on the 11th March, in which hlie stated that he did not consider the fire of the 9th of February started from Feeley's contract. This, witness explained by stating that he did ndt, at the time, know where Feeley's contract was, and that he had since altered his opinion. Augtist Lind, employed by the plaintiff, said he saw the fire on the 9th of February. The fire burnt about 20 acres. Witness considered that all the grass burnt on "Bona Vesta" estatehad been done by these two fires. Elizabeth liobinson said she resided On "Bona Vesta." Feeloy came to her on the 12th February and said " has Mr. Henderson been to see you about the fires, witness said "she did not know Mr. Henderson." Feeley replied "he is going about asking people how the fires started, but if he couies to you tell him to I go to-, and that the fires started on i the back," witness said to Feeley that shoe could not tell a lie about it. Feeley's fires were birning on the tSilt and 9th of February. On the 27th March Feoley was still burning along the road. On that day witness saw the fires running away from the road. There was no fire on the estate but this o'e. To Mr. Kilpatrick: Wita living in the homestead at present, and had gone there after being burnt out. Heonderson gave her permission to live in the house. Had no drink the day before as no one seemed to have money to shout. Witness believed she did shout for some one. Mary Ann Stanley, daughter of the last witness, a married woman, residing on " Bona Vesta," gave corroborative evidence. William Robinson, a laborer, also gave supporting testimony. Michael Whelan said that in conver sation with Feeley, the latter said, "this is a bad job about the fire. I suppose I shall get six months for it." W. S. Henderson, the plaintiff, stated that the total area of grass destroyed by the two fires was 450 acres. The first fire burnt more on the west side than the east. Was forced to sell'500 sheep at a loss in eonsequdnce of the fires. Ho also claimed for the loss of three bullocks. George Pender had been over the ground with a view to estimating the damages caused by the fires and thought that the area was about 400 acres of good grass land, a portion being in the swamp. He valued the grass at 10s per acre for the three months February, March, and April. The land would carry one beast to the acre during the best months of the year. . Tihis closed the case for the plaintiff and Mr. Kilpatrick opened the defence and thoecourtshortly afterwards adjourned' 