Telegraphic Intelligence. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] TOWNSVILLE. February 8. The Gollan, steamer, arrived to-night with the kanakas from the wrecked labor schooner, Foam. The boys were all safe and have gone to the depot. The Foam cannot be got off the reef, but if salvage operations are at once commenced valuable trade, stores, etc., will be saved. CAIRNS, February 6. Mr Daniel Patience has been appointed president of the Cairns hospital. The weather is abnormally hot, register- ing 104 in the shade. Thomas and Thone the two men injured by the late gunpowder explosion are likely to recover. CAIRNS, Febuary 7. Thomas Thone died at the Hospital this morning from the effects of the recent gun- powder explosion. The weather is hot, and no rain. COOKTOWN, February 10. Alderman Clunn was elected Mayor to-day by a majority of two over Alderman Weiss. GEORGETOWN, February 8. Rain has fallen for the past three nights, but the proper wet season appears to have not yet set in. Thomas J. Lindsay, of Thornborough, was selected from 18 applicants to fill the position of wardsman to the hospital, his wife will be matron. CROYDON, February 8. Two inches forty-five points of rain fell early this morning, and there is more about. BRISBANE, February 3. The total quantity of sugar exported from the various ports of Queensland from the 1st to 31st January amounted to 3278 tons, making a total of 38,096 tons since the be- ginning of the season. BRISBANE, February 10. Business is being resumed, and it is now considered that, with the exception of sugar and one or two other lines, no material ad- vance on the price of provisions will take place. Collective efforts are being made to relieve the destitution, and subscriptions are coming in freely, and up to last evening amounted to £3400. The country towns in Queensland which escaped the floods and the Southern colonies are taking steps to assist in the effort, and District Committees are also getting to work in the suburbs of Brisbane. From Monday till noon on Thursday the work of distributing food and clothing has been vigorously carried on at the Town Hall, where food and blankets were freely supplied by the Government, and clothing distributed by private citizens, while an average of be tween 300 or 400 persons per day received assistance. In addition to flood relief, the ordinary Government relief to the destitute is being distributed; Government relief was given at Kangaroo Point again yesterday. Though every care is taken by one of the relieving officers to ascertain whether any persons are getting double relief, only about four cases were detected, and these only to the extent of a loaf or two of bread. The relief distributed by the Committee consists of bread, tea, sugar, and tinned meat. The South Brisbane calls are exceptionally heavy. Disinfectants are being largely distributed. In South Brisbane over 100 men are scrap- ing the pavements and the roadway. A Cabinet meeting will be held to-day when action will be taken by the Government respecting the floods. Thirty-five pound per ton is being asked for sugar in Brisbane to-day. A petition has been filed for the liquida- tion of the estate of John Hamilton, M.L.A., gentleman; liabilities, £13,388. When Sir S. W. Griffith was interviewed respecting general political topics by a Courier representative he declined to express himself. BRISBANE, February 11. A letter was received from Sir Thomas McIlwraith this morning, dated Agra, 1st January, in which he stated he was much better, and was getting stronger every day. Agra is 740 miles north-west of Calcutta. CROYDON, February 11, It has been raining off and on since last Thursday, and since the beginning of the year six and a half inches of rain has been re- gistered. The Imperial hotel, one of the best corner allotments on the field was sold by auction to-day by Mr Douglas P. Viles, for £1200. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, February 7. John Wilson Bennett, ex-manager of the Paddington branch of the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank, was re- arrested to-day at the instance of his bonds- men, and remanded to gaol to await his trial. Last night they named Stanley Balingsby Walker, son of Mr D. B. Walker, Assistant Superintendent of Telegraphs, committed suicide by taking poison at his home, Waverley. The lad was 14 years and 11 months old, and was employed as a tempor- ary clerk in the Audit Department. SYDNEY, February 8. A telegram from Nymagee states a terrible bush-fire is raging at Coan Downs Station, Mount Hope. The fire has devastated a considerable tract of of country. The weather is still hot, and there are no signs of a change. A man named Wm. Jones, aged 50, who carried on business as a wood merchant at Newton, was killed on the railway line to- day. The body was cut to pieces. Deceased leaves a widow and a large family. At a meeting of the Opposition held this afternoon, is was resolved Mr. Reid should retain his position as head of the party. Sir Henry Parkes was present, and cheerfully acquiesced in the selection. A gas explosion occurred this morning in a small store-room, at the head office of the A.J.S. Bank in King and George streets, when two men, John Hawkins and George Acton, were severely burned. Acton, in addition to burns, was thrown down by the force of the explosion, and had his left elbow fractured. SYDNEY, February 8. Sir George Dibbs states that the Govern- ment has not yet received any communication on the subject of the successor of Lord Jersey. He does not think that any appointment has been made. The Women's Committee which is work- ing with a view of obtaining the release of the Broken Hill strike leaders will wait as a deputation on the Governor on Tuesday next. The Governor in agreeing to receive them, has explained that he can only act under the advise of his Ministers. The petition which the committee is pre- paring does not enter into the merits of the case in any way, but simply asks for mercy. The Customs authorities seized 20,000 cigars and a quantity of opium, which was found concealed on board the steamer Taiuan, An extraordinary general meeting of share- holders in the Anglo-Australian Investment Co., in liquidation, was held this afternoon, when Mr F. L. Humphrey, M.L.C., was ap- pointed to represent the debenture-holders, and was nominated as their liquidator. SYDNEY, February. 9 A meeting of citizens will be held to- morrow afternoon to consider the most ap- propriate way of recognising the service of Earl Jersey on his retirement from the Governorship of the colony. The members of the Ministry have issued nine writs of £5000 each against the Daily Telegraph for alleged libel contained in a leading article published in last Saturday's issue. The leader, which is headed "Politi- cal Situation," contains paragraphs which it is alleged contain libel. 