ITEMS OF INTEREST. [OuianíAi, ARD SEMCTKD] The Tery latest nnwg»trom Perth (W.A.) concerning the gold fiell, a to the effect that Mr. Woodward, the Government Geologist, has been interviewed relativo to the Dundas Hills Gold Fields. He states that the field ii a continuation of the Coolgardie country. There are three lines of gold-bearing reef, the gold being well diffused through the stone Ile considers that Dundas is certain lo prove a permanent reefing field, and predicts great developments in portions of the fields during the next winter. Warden Dowling, from the Murchison Gild Fields, hnB nrrived a' Geraldton. He gives a glowing account of what he «aw there. Mining properties arn in muoh demand, and claims are being worK'd in all directions. Cue ia rapidly bocctnin ; a large township. Mr. Cecil Hordern, giving his evidence at the Central Police Court in a charge of steal- ing from hisestablinhuient, wnBcrosf-exatnined nt some length by Mr. T. M. Williamson, who appeared for the defence, and a little wordy warfare arose between them. " You're so smart," remarked Mr. Hordern. " Tes," re- torted Mr. Williamson, " You've got so much brains." " Yee," replied Mr. Hordern, " You've got too much stomach, and that's where yours are." The croBB-exaininatkn was continued quietly then. A telegram from Bundaberg announced that Jackey, the uncaptnred Dora Dora black, had been toon Door Moolboolaman Station a fortnight ago, ard more recently in the neighbourhood of Tenningering Station. Search parties, under Countable Tipping, aro now scouring the country in all directions. They hope to effect Jackey'a nrrost shortly An impression is abroad that Captain Honey, who was drowned at Kiama a tew dayl ago, was once the winner of tbo Queen's Prixe at the New South Wales Eitle Associ- ation mobting. The successful shot waa hi» brother, Lieutenant HoDey, also of Kiama. Captain Honey was not prominent as a rifle- man, though he, of course, took a natural interest in a matter so closely connected with volunteer work. The deceased gentleman's first commission wai dated Decorober 31, 1883, and he was gazetted captain of Kiama Company of tha 2nd Regiment of Infantry on March 9, 1885. The dead body of John King, an old resi- dent of Yass Plains, was discovered in hil hut on Christmas Day. King evidently had committed suicide. On entering the hut the old man's body was found in a sitting poatnre on a chair. It is supposed that he fastened a gun with a piece of wire to a fence 100yds from the hut and pulled the trigger with a string. He blew away the side of his head and then struggled to the hut, where he died. He had been dead apparently three or four days before being discovered, and the body was much decomposed. The deceased had been missing for more than a week. Daring the voyage of tho steamer Carra dele, from Japan to Auckland, the coal in her starboard bunker* on two occasions ignited spontaneously. The first occurred on December 5, when smoke was observed issu- ing, bnt no flames were risible. Tbe bunker was immediately flooded and the outbreak extinguished. The second wa« discovered on the 10th, when the same process was adopted with satisfactory results The coal was shipped at Japan, and is known as aka'ki. A large bushfire, which originated on Milby Bun a few days since, is still raging. It ii reported that there ii almost a continuous trail of fire-blasted country from the Lachlan to the Murrumbidgee. A vast area of grass and miles of fencing have been destroyed, and until »in comes the country in question will be ft desert. Much ultimate good will result from the fires, as the scrub has been swept away, and a large area of country which wai practically rotten with the Cumberland disease will hare been sweetened and rendered habitable for sheep after a beary rainfall. A correspondent to a South African paper Saints the condition of many Australians who are taken up their residence there, in vory deplorable cotonrs. He states that they are starring, and points out that they cannot starra in the dignified if miserable manner peculiar to the loafers and unfortunates of other climes. The DundatynSawmill«, near Maryborough (Q ), the property of Pettigrew and Company, were destroyed by fire during the week. The damage amounted to £4000. The place was not insured. Hain is urgently wanted at Grafton, the crops and grass being completely burnt up, while the maize ii suffering severely. Unless heary rain falls shortly the district will suffer an immense loss. Drinking water is also very scarce. We moy be pardoned for saying that the last circumstance does not matter much, as drinking water is considered very infra dig on the Clarence. The unemployed of Bathurst were enter- tained at Christmas dinner at the Salvation Army barracks, the townspeople having con tributed sufficient to provide an ample spread for a considerable number, The aggregate annual imports of cheese into Europe amount to 130,000,0001b. an nually. The net exports of cheese annually from the United States and Canada is 100,000,0001b for the former and 70,000,0001b for the latter. The creator portion of thi» surplus goes to the United Kingdom, which nnnuolly imports 200,000,0001b, of the article, New Zeoland has of late yosrs ex- ported a considerable quantity of cheese. A lad named Edward flynn had his foot caught in tim «teering gear of a »learner at Morpeth a few days ago, and the limb was badly bruised and torn, Tho Oxley family were buried nt Adelaide on Wednesday, Mr, and Mrs, Oxley in one grove, and the three children m another, (II the Went Terrace Cemetery, whence the coffin« WIT« brought from the morgue. Those of lh« children were covered with wreaths A large crowd, principally of women, assembled mund tim graves, which wore guurdrd by lim policn, Archdeacon Fuir read the service, Oxley wat a staunch lee totaler, and a lending member of tim Anglican Church at Niirrucnorte, from which place he come to tim city a fortnight ago, The Httlrittion Army Sydney li««d quarter« stoff gave a Christmas dinner to over BOO men, Mr, John Seo «ore «OOM» of moat and 4001b of bread, and Mr, Jumes Kidman gave tim malen'»)« for making ßOOlb of plum pudding. It muy bo noticed that tim TieftHiirer is ostentatiously liberal at this critical juncluie, The m»pl"' w> <.!" brad office« and clinf Atii.liuln«.ittu oilicob uro in Melbourne have signed the agreements which were required for the rstoblisdtnent of the now tyntom of I cleaiint" At an inquest in Melbourne on the body of a child who bad been boarded out, it WAI proved that tbe child only weighed ßj-lbs, although over 11 montbi old. Dr. Neill ?tated that the child should h&vo; weighed 201bi. The child was boarded-out with Mrs. Hughes by the Victorian Foundling Asylum. The jury found that no blame wns attachable to anyone Captain Honey, who woe drowned nt Kiama n few days ago, was lately appointed coroner of that district, and held his first and laßt inquest a fo.v days, provious to his death. At about 11 o'clock on Christmas Eve, at South Dunedin, two men commenced an assault upon two working men, when William Mudge, a cab proprietor, and Gcjr,:n Ashton (Mudge'e nephew), interposed. One of the nssailanls drew a pocket knife, ond, rushing at the newcomers, stabbed each throe times. One thrust severed the artery of Mudge'a thigh, and he bled to death. Two man, named Dobson and Eberhard t, have been arrested on a charge of murder. A blood- stained knife was found in DOOBOD'B pocket. Although there waa euch u demand for train accomodation from the .Newcastle Kail» way Station on Boxing Day the returns are not as large as those received for the corres- ponding period last yoar. On Ibe 20th De- cember, 1802, 1027 tickets w-re iunued, and gave a return of £140, while on Tuesday last 99G tickets were issued, the receipts being £132. Tho returns from the suburban stations are not yet to hand, but it ia understood that tbpy exceed those of laBt year, and that the increased traffic is accounted for in thvt manner. On the 25th of Decemher of last year 7203 tram tickets were issued, rind last Monday the number sold was 7630. On the 2Gth of December of last year 32,398 tickets were ire ned, and on Tuesday last the number was only 28,120. The increase in the receipt» last Christmas Day over that of 1892 wa« therefore £1 19* 9d, but the decreto on Box- ing D*y as compared with tho Bame period last year waa X10 la Gd. The mammoth black Hamburg' vine at HamptoD Court has just been denuded of its laefc bunch of grapes. The great vine bore this year 1200 bunches, though, generally, it bears 1500. At the beginning of the season it shows from 3000 to .000 possible bunches, but vigorou» pruning' has to be indulged in in order to keep the vine strong. All tho grapes that aro plucked are sent to her Mojesty. A record in the matter of dealing with police court offenders was established at the Central Court, Sydney, on Wednesday by Mr. Giles, S M, who got through in ODO way and another 108 cases of various kinds in the notoundingly short space of 40 minutes Curious readers may express wonder that even a gifted S.M. could hope to do the right thing in every instance at the rate of nearly three caaes per minute, and there may be those who are strongly of opinion that in this swift 'a ilmg out of justice some of the unfortunate offenders may, in the hurry and excitement, have bad to put np with half their shore. But anyway Mr. Giles got through in 40 minutes, and 10 minutes later was away clear of the couit, thinking lightly, no doubt, of the pleasant day in prospect. The 108 other people re- mained bebind to settle up with her Majesty. The railway traffic in Sydney during the holidays showed a falling off of about £300 as compared with last year's figures A charge of bigamy was recently heard at Berhampur, in which the prisoners were a girl aged 6 and a boy just three years her senior. The girl was first pnt upon her trial for committing bigamy, and then the nine year old boy was indicted for marrying her while it was within his knowledge that the lady of six wai already the wife of another The original charge was under sections 494 and 495 of the Indian Penal Code ; but the offence under the latter section (concealment of the former marriage from the person with whom the subsequent marriage was con- tracted) was withdrawn, and these children were simply charged under the section proriding a maximum punishment of seven yeors for " whoever, having a hus- band or wife liring, marries in any case, in which euch marriage ii void by reason of it» taking pluce during the lifetime of Buch hus- band or wife." As the exception to the sac tion only provides for the continuous absence of the original marital partner for seven years, the little six-year-old Lillith was not able to plead that justification, For three days these two desperate young criminals stood tearfully band in hand in the dock while their respective parents were being charged with abetting the offence, It is pleasant to he able to record that the jury at length returned a verdict of not gnilty ; and the youngsters went cheerily home again with the smallest possible conception of what all the bother was about. To dry flowers place them ID a largo shallow pan or box and sift over them gently the finest, driest sand, giving them a bed of thia sand at first of course. By sifting it over very gradually and carefully the »and atoms will alowly form about the flower, wbioh beoauiH of the gradual drifting abnu And piling up of the atoms, koopa ita shape, even to the moat delicate curving, After the flowers are well coverad from eight keep th« pan or box exposed to a gentle heat for sorno day», after which it ia left to eooUlowly, omi the flowers, ferns, grasses, &e.;, thus treated are found to have kept their natural forms and very litt'u perceptible difference in colour. Tbis ia an old German method, and one that i» most successful. Comte Chardonner has invented a process for tim manufacture of silk from wood pulp by u method similar in principio to that em- ployed for aonverling woo I into paper, The new invention wa« exploited a few years ago, and the rights to ita exclusivo nee were sold lo companies in Germany, Franco, aijd Eng- land, Largo works were built at Buosunnoti, and preparations for maiiufiiuturinguilk from wood worn mod» on a somewhat extravagant KCAIII. Some remarkable specimens of silk produced by this process were shown, hut ii was lound, snys Juvtmfion, that Hie fabric so »iiiiiiilftiitiired «mild not be woven »ucetetfully in lurgf pieces, and that it was «o highly in- flammable us to he a «oiirce of great danger, The experiments were then dropped, hut a company lim now been organised ut St. Jîtitinii«, and is already at work willi the object of developing lim process omi malling it thoroughly practical. Aa regan!» tbn roriinue, llio Premier says Unit ho still rupfet* a «»'»II surplus tilla year, na the r«v«jnu« is coming in satisfactorily ¡ and in this matter Hir George is corroborated by Mr, Hue, who, however, decline» to "prophesy" until the end of the your. Mr. H. V. Jackson is to be overseer of the State forest nursery at Gosford, vice John McCoig, deceased. Betnrn of produce received at Darling Harbour per rail for the week ended 27th December:-Butter, 1474 kegs, 10G caso«; egg*, 442 cases ; bacon, 26 baga, 478 sides ; bay, 10 truck» ; straw, 19 trucks ; chaff, 69 trucks; wool, ]0,149 bales; »heepakina, 1240 bale»; wheat, 716 tona j flour, 183 tons; oata, 5 tone ; maize, 79 tons ; meal, 5 tons ; potatoes, 50 toos; bran, 110 tono; pollard, 48 tona. It is understood that the Cabinet has finally approved of th* rates of pay and allowances for military staff officers and officers of the permanent forces of the colony being the staff and regimental rates laid down in the Boyal Warrant for officers holding equivalent posi- tions in tho Imperial Service in South Africa. J lu the new ecule tho pay and allowances «y adopted are equivalent to a pro rata reduc- tion of 10 per cent, on i»U incomes exceeding £600 a yenr, 7£ per cent, on all incomes ex- ceeding £100 a year, and 5 per cent, on all income» exceeding £200 a year. Beyond same email accumulation of sort ing-up ordern from the country, little business was pacing in the Sydney Import market on Wednesday, The Cimtoms receipts on Wednesday amounted lo £5084. Towards tbiithe 10por con t. ad valorem duty contributed £1025 and the 15 per cent. £179. The Premiers of all the Australian colonies hove agreed to invite their Boyal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York to riait Aus- tralia, Tiinuiouia, and New Zealand next year. The idea originated with Mr. Patterson, who conveyed it to the other Australian Premiers, with the result that they all cordially concurred. At Spring Hill, Brisbane, on Tuesday night a man named Shultz committed suicide by shooting himself through the head. At the annual meeting of the Commercial Travellers' Association held on Wednenday Mr. Eichard Bennetts was elected preeident, in succession to Mr. David Storey. The probate duty paid during the past week amounted to £1988 4*. A man named Henry Head committed suicide at Gympie, Queensland, on Wednes- day by blowing his head off with a ping of dynamite. The Marquis of Bipon, Secretary of State for the Colonies, baa sanctioned the proposed new boundary between British and Dutch New Guinea. Shortly before eleven o'clock on Wednes- day night a woman named Martha Helmsley was shot in the face by a man in a restaurant at No, 293 Castlereagh- street. Her assailant fired three times at her, and she received one wound in the face. The injured woman was taken to the Sydney Hospital, where it was found tbat the wound was not of a dangerous character. Her assailant escaped. 