PAVING THE WAY A ROMANCE OF THE AUS TRALIAN BUSH. By SIMPSON NEWLAND. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All liable reserved] Chaptes XIV. — A Homeric Combat. Among the retainers of 'Talkie' were a native family consisting of three adults and two juveniles, the head of which was Big Tow, already mentioned, the prefix being given to distinguish him from Little Tom, a fellow countryman engaged at the fishery. Big Tom, as his title implies, was a tall, fine specimen of the Australian aborigine such as the white man found him before the combined effects of our vaunted civilisation, alcohol and disease, had blighted and debased him. With broad shoulders , ample chest, and narrow flanks, his form presented an appear ance of littleness and activity seldom seen in the European. Certainly his features were not. what we call classical. Possibly his noseiuight have been to before the fishbone thrust through the cartilage had drawn it into the shape that the connoisseurs ot beauty among bin people esteem perfection ; but this is doubtful. The probability is that a persistent course of such treatment for generations had resulted in com pelling stubborn nature to mould the abori ginal nose to the desired fiat type. Hie teeth, however, were splendid; there was nothing they could not crunch up with perfect ease that could be considered an article of food. If he desired to crock the hard- round kernel of the native peach, now known us the 'quon- dong,'why use the etone at his hand whw those superb grinders had only to lightly close and the thing was done ? As to the bones ot tbe Kangaroo, the emu, or the white man's sheep, when he desired to extract their succulent marrow — crunch — why, it neither required thought nor effort. Then the broad expanse of his open face, particularly the mouth, gave the more room for the good- humor that pervaded it. Tom's eyes were perhap3 not his best poiut ; they scarcely shone like lamps of the soul, as human orbs ought to do. Ko, their illumina tive power could not be considered strong enough for that ; but there was nothing that he required of them to which they were not equal. His great feature we have left to the last, if his beard can be correctly so described. It was black, long, and flowing, and swept over his tatooed chest in untended glory. Tom as a rule scorned day-wages ; he wan a contractor. If you wanted a tieid of wheat cut, you went for h-:-i*tnd if not under agree Tnnntif-n TWv f-5-ra.TitviAW tf\ vhnm lift &1 artLVt* firm. sidered his first services due, he would name his price ; and, if accepted, when you woke up next morning Tom and his lubras would be re posing in his camp— for to work when the sun was high he considered to be 'all same stupid white-fellow, 'and quite beneath thectignity and common sense of an aboriginal ; but the greater part of the crop would be already reaped. Tbe rapid sweep of his reaping-hook, assisted by the scarcely less effective blades of Martha and Mary, had wrought the transformation. Martha and Mary were bis wiveB, both joined to him in lawful matrimony according to the rights of aboriginal law aud custom. Both weie about the eame age, and nature had in their case shown an .unusual impartiality in her distribution of charms, whioh perhaps aocounted for the absolute impartiality with wuicu BiiBU iuru uivjuHu iiis iavors anc atten tions between them. Two fgirls much of a size and age were the offspring of this happy mar* riage, and neither Tom nor his wives seemed to know or care to which of the mothers they specially belonged. No one ever heard the slightest quarrel in their camp of any kind, and the lord's authority was paramount. It might be enforced occa sionally by the employment of tbe usual in strument of domestic correction — the waddy ; but if eotbetaps must have been comparatively light, to judge by the condition of the heads, or 'cocoaouts' of tbe ladies. Tom was sup posed by the whites to exercise great influence over the Encounter Bay tribe, and it was even eaid that tbe title of king had been bestowed on bim, but somehow it did not stick — possibly because his height scarcely exceeded six feet, whereas another prominent savage towered five or six inches above him. Big Solomon, whom we shall shortly see leading his country men in the battle's front, was tho name of this distinguished individual. He rarely left the main assemblage of his people, whereas the rival claimant to the throne or rather the empty title preferred a more domesticated aud retired life with bis two better halves. Tom, too, though a noted warrior, was not in it in the estimation of the tribe with Solomon. The latter, like tiaul, towered a head and shoulders above his brethren. Active, bold, and skilful, his powers were the theme of both blacks and whites. When his gigaotio frame, unclad and withnought butatuft of feathers tocoverhis nakedness, was ornamented with full war- paint and he had on his left arm his heavy shield of thick gum bark, pointed at either end, while in bis right he wielded an enormous waddy or long barbed spear, he looked the type of the new land, the very embodiment of warlike savagery. One-armed Charley had been another of their noted leaders. A famed fighter before be lost his arm, he neither lost courage nor ekill thereafter. When a young man, while he was diving from an outer reef for crayfish, a shark had torn away the flesh of bis left arm almost from the elbow to tbe wrist, leaving the nearly stripped bone. In time it healed, but was, of course, useless. So sensitive was he to this disfigurement that he always wore aoloak of opossum skins over his left shoulder to cover the mutilated stump. 'What his dis position had been previous to this aeoident the whites could not judge; but in their ex perience he was a morose, silent man, known, in spite of his disabled 'arm, as a demon to fitfht. That this reputation was not undeserved he had shown a few months hnfora his death in a lonir re-]*hrat*rl (vimhat that took place between thetribeaoi Kncountor Bay and the Lakes, or, as the latter was fre quently called, the Wellington tribe. As has been the case since tht daya of Helen ot Troy, » woman was at the bottom of it, of course. The Encounter Bay tribe had abducted a hand some young lubn, whom tho warriors of the lower Murray claimedas their own. It appeared that she really belonged to neither party, but was captured when a child from a smalt tribe on the borders of the Tatiara country during a raid made years ago by a combined bind of the present antagonists on one of the lew occasions when they noted in conjunction. The matter was complicated by die Lakes men urging a prior right by asserting that both she and htr mother had been stolen from them by the Tatiara tribe at a still earlier period. For months there had been much wrangling. Many councils had been held, and heralds had pawed continually between the rival parties with no practical result. AtUstatewyoangmea lea oy xewoo, a youtn who aspired to make the dobky Helen hu bride, made a secret night raid and carried her off. The Lakes claimants insisted that she most be given up to them until an arrangement was arrived ac as to her f ature disposal, a demand which tbe Encounter Bay raidetB laughed to booth. The older men supported then in this, as winning a wife by the strong hand or by stratagem is quite in accordance with the traditions and customs of their people from time imwmroorial. The despoiled tribes were in a state of furious indignation. That durina; the festivities immediately pre ceding the young woman's assignment to one of their chiefs, an insignificant band of (hair hereditary enemies should dare to enter the very camp and cany ner off was an insult deeply to basveoiced. Hard on the flying footsteps of the retreating marauders Bieseeagett follovdd, bearing a tieros declaration of war; **No» as on many past occasions a mere clash of atix*. when they had in pity for the weakmso and im potence of their foes suffered them to lire on, bat* war of exttr&unauan; to the Encounter & camp of the Bay Bribe was a none of ?tonae aiOJtoipnBi. 2bo old nap ne* solemnly in debate, prolonging their dis cussion night after eight. The young men furbished up worn weajtuns and fashioned for thein^tlvea new ones. Expeditions to obtain material for the construction of thieidp, spears, aud waddies were sent into the valleys acd scrub. Paints, oils, feathers for the fititioK ornatnentation of the fighters were sought for far and wide. As the appointed day of battle approached night was made hideous by theever recurring corroboree, in which their courage wa3 stimulated to fever-heat. Dr.ily they re hearsed the cooiing combat, depicting their own heroic deeds and the ignominious defeat and flight of their foes. They would charge with splendid effect upon the imaginary eDemy. Then nome of a waggish turn would simulate their flight, throwing away every weapon and ornament with a whimsical ex aggeration of the utmost tenor. The Australian aborigine is a born mimic, and these efforts invariably invoked as they deserved the loudest expressions of approval. There had been many previous battles between the opposing tribe*, generally en a sort of neutral ground mar the boundaries of their respective possessions ; but to mark the ex tremity to whiah they meantto carry this con flict the river natives had intimated their in tention of seeking their antagonists a*i their very camp on the shores of the Big Water. Could temerity go further ? At length tbe eventful day arrived, and the bedizened warriors of the great river could be teen in gallant array marching in a body of some two hundred strong over the open ground. ^At their approach the Encounter Bay men iei t their camp and deployed on the field of battle. There was no attempt at surprise or to take advantage of cover or the inequality of the ground. This was to be a fair and open en couuter of the contending parties in which personal bravery and skill in the use of arms, not strategy, were to be the CftBb OI vlC-Ory. »vu^.u wmuiu MD-mug shouts and yells of abuse and defiance were freely interchanged. There was ulso much idle pantotaiue. in which weapons were brandished and insulting gestures and epithets indulged in. Vainglorious boastiug,_ too, of their past deeds and performances', in which eaoh warrior lauded his own powers and de famed his adversary, occupied a long time. The Encounter Bay meu were reminded of the numerous fights in which they had licked the dust at tb« feet of their foes in grovelling abasement. They were told that now thay would be consumed like leaves before tho fierce bushfire, and their women taken to fill the camps of brave men. Bat it any of the scum should escape by reason of the rleetness of their legs a few of the old hags would be left them as a solace. The river warriors were taunted in their turn as being unabl'3 to proteot their women xom a few bovs. as witness the girl now before them. How could they poaeibiy take her back when the warriors of the Big Water stood by with spear in hand ? No ; the river wombats weie always good ai- talking ; they bad long tongues but small hearts. There was much more which the modest pen of the historian refuseB to chronicle. Tho men of Eucounter Bay now pressed closer with their chosen leaders in front. There stalked the big Solomon, looking more colossal etill in his full panoply, his huge body divested of every garment, but covered with alternate stripes of white, red, and jet black paint, which barred his brawny chest and i'cirok'd round his eyes, arm?, aud legs. His beard was burnt off, but the hair of his head remained adorned with tall waving feathers. In his left hand ho bore his waddies and shield, the latter, like himself, ornamented with gay circles of paint. His right grasped a long and heavy barbed spear. Over more than half the distance separating the two opposing forces he steadily strode on ; then drove his spear into the earth as a sij?n that there be had taken his dauntless stand ; and there he stood a striking figure breathing war and defiance. Big Tom, One-armed Charlie, and some other chiefs followed his example in like proud and warlike adornment. The challenge was not long unanswered ; a warrior nearly as tall aud distinguished as the opposing chief led on the river men to the assault, and in a tew seconds the air was dark with flying weapons. Wonderful w.v- tho skill with which the shields warded oft the glancing spears. Wounds were given and received in aiienco on both sides ; but when tbH first impetuosity of the combat had died out and the contending parties were drawn apart, che tall snear was still standing in the same place with the great chief beside it. Weapons were collected for a renewal of tbe strife, while defiances were hurled at each other by the hostile parties. Somo who hud received Etivere wuuuus robireu irum i-uo uuny burly, which soon began to rage a^aiD, the foep, however, now keeping a greater distance from each other. Greater attention at this stage of the fight was paid to the correct aiming of the weapons, as much of the martial ardor of the warriors for hand-to-hand fighting had become exhausted. The older and more experienced combatants defended themselves with consummate skill. At length a light spear with grass- tree stem, flung from a wommera with terrific force by tbe leader of the river band, transfixed a youth near Solomoo, killing him on the spot. It pro jected behind his back more than a foot, btill vibrating with the impetus of its flight. The chief gazed for a moment at his dead kinsman, then plucked his spear irom the ground and rushed to avenge his death. Re gardless of the showers of blows received on his buckler, he approached his foe ; then, shaking the lone weapon until it quivered again, he launched it straight at the opposing leader, fairly and well it was caught on the guarding shield ; but too heavy, and thrown at too short a distance to be turned, it tore through the tough hard bark and sank into t.he broad breast behind. At the Eome instant One-armed Charlie had slain another famous warrior, receiving himself a fearful wound in the aot. The fall of their chief, followed im mediatey by the loss of a second hero only less noted, was too much for the river men, and they began to retire, though without disorder, and carrying their dead with them. Seeing thin, and also that tbe lubra the, innocent cause of the strife, was standing near with some women, the savage to whom she had been assigned rushed up and drove his snenr through her. 'If not for m-»,' be shouted fiercely, ' then not for another.' He caught the body ere it full in his arms, pressed ie hard, and fled away. There was no attempt at pursuit, as both parties had suffered severely and wore con siderably exhausted. Each of the tribes con cerned subsequently declared that none of their injured died ; whether tbis was so or not it would be hard to say. In civilised warfare ia their not the eame difficulty in obtaining re liable information of the reopeotive losses of the opposing armies ? The river tribe asserted that it was a drawn battle, and in proof thereof brought forward the fact that they carried off their wounded and slain; they also maintained that they had acmevea caeir oujeub m iuu ueuiu ui cue un happy woman who bad caused the dispute. The coast tribe, on the other hand, claimed the victory on the ground that they had killed two of their enemies' men for one of their own and remained in possession of the field. The woman had certainly been killed, but that was a email matter ; had their foes succeeded in carrying her off it would have been very dif ferent. Such was the end of the famous fight between the two southern rival tribes, the last of auy importance they ever fought. The dead warriors were accorded every honor by their people. With great lamentation and loud extolling of their matchless courage and many virtues, their remains were passed through the fiery ordeal in full council as sembled in much the same manner as were those of One-armed Charlie, who never re covered from his wound, but himself died a a\?vv — --i TTTT lW»Ut- But, apart from the grilling, have we not often heard something similar by the craves of our own people whose viituea in life were not remarkable? As for the slain woman — pooh ! nobody cared about her now. In life she had her usca, but dead .... Chapter XV.— Pet's Troubles Begin. 'Aunt,' said Roland a few days alter his return from the Coorong, 'I want to intro duce you to some of my retainers. It is a oniy a short walk. They have just come back from a hunting excursion, and are anxious to see the ' big one white lubra.' ' uu» vroauwcijr w«» uoiq$UK3u9 uu presently found horaelf in front of a circular kind of ereotion made of boughs and grass laid on sticks, which were stuok in the ground and sloped to a point at the summit. Nearly half of tbe primitive building was left open, so that there was no difficulty in seeing into the interior. Within sat Tom, Martha, Mary, and the little Kirk, all more or less onattired. As tbe visitors drew near, all except Tom came to meet them, lie stayed behind to dress himself— that ia, to put on a shirt. The ladies of the family, no doubt believing that 'beauty unadorned ia adorned the most,' came forward smiling and without a blush between the four of them. In their delight they would have em braced the lady and did in the most affec tionate way lay hands upon and stroke her fine garments, while her nephew looked on with an amused and quizzical smile. Tom now appeared fully attired in a particularly* short twilled shirt Roland had given him, which he now wore for the first time. 'Big Tom, his wives Martha and Mary, aunt, and their two daugbtere,' said their master ; 'and a moat estimable family they are.' 'Nephaw. I can only say that I am both shocked and surprised that you can perout them to go about so indecently clad.1* ' I really thoueht (bey were Dot clad at all,' he interrupted «l) ly. ** You know what I mean, sir. Ox count) they are not clothed, and it must be seen to at oaos before they come up to the boose. I am ashantedofyoathatit baa not bow attended 'Where was 7 to obtain the petticoats, aunt?— make them?' '* Yec, sir; I daresay you have not always been nearly so well employed,' replied the indignant lady, and she began to retrace her steps, the native family, who noticed Roland's scarcely restrained laughter, merrily following. Observing this she stopped and told them to ' Remain at dome,' imperatively. Then she walked on again, but teeing the totally uncon coccerned way in which they etill came on, ' Do eo back,' ehu said imploringly. Roland had been compelled to stay behind with Tom to avoid exploding outright. They were now close to the house, aud in a moment would appear before the pure eyes of the maidens whom she had brought up ; they must never be allowed to come in uontaot with euch depravity. At her wits' end, she turned frantically to Roland, aud screa- uiiug, 'Send them away, nephew, or I'll change my will,' she fairly fled into the cottage. ?*THnat-. nna «»i-nTilf^T Tnirm fihinlr if:11 RA.irl Tom, while the lubras and girls laughed with innuer.se delight to Fee the convulsions that Grantley could control no longer. The paroxysm somewhat over, he heard his Dame called from the house, where he found bin sisters with preternsturally grave faces and eorce articles of feminiue attire. 'Aunt says you are to give these to the natives and tell them to pub them on instantly,' eaid Maria, pursing in her lips bravt-ly. 'But they won't know how and I can't ehow them. Ask aunt what is to be done,' he replied in such loud tones that he knew she must hear through the wooden partition. Bat that justly whether the young joker could instruct them how to don the mysterious garment or not, the Australian matrons shortly appeared, to their own inexpressible pride, in the conventional ' body' and potticoats. . 'Aunt,' said Roland shortly afterwards when she was lees sore about the episode we nave related, ' I presume you will try to Christianise these poor benighted savages. You cannot approve of Tom having two wives. It's not allowed by our religion, aud therefore must be desperately wicker).' 'There is no doubt about that, nephew; and bince it troubles you. you had better pre vent it,' she sarcastically replied. 'I have seriously expostulated with the husband,' he answered demurely, ' but he says that one Martha and Mary berry much likum me.' You may be more successful, as one of their own sex,. with the wives.' 'Why were they called by these names?' eaid Miss Grantley, quite ignoring the lat'.er p:iro of his observation. 'After the sisters of Lazarus, I've been told ; some people profess to see a resemblance between the characters.' 'Two eUters ! Worse and worse; what dreadful immorality ! Id ought not to be aMowed.' ' Roland. I won't let you go on making fun of aunt. You know that Martha and Alary are not sisters, as you implied. You told us the osher day that the blacks are very particu lar that blood relations, however distant, shall not marry,' eaid Maria as her brother retired 'mm fcha tnti^rvittw with r.oneidora.hlA flTniiHR ment. 'It's really too bad to tease the dear old thing so,' she continued, following him out. 'Does her good, my dear; she requires an onening for her superlative righteousness, and I'supply it. Besides you two believe in the efficacy of missionary work among the heathen, and tho sooner you ara disabused of the idea the better.' A few days later Roland had the war carried into hia own camp in a rather disconcerting iaehion. ' I have been with your siBters to thank the Cleuve family, nephew, for their muuucaa u\j juu. iuo auuu Btrcuis rather a superior sort of woman for her station and tha girl'— Miss Grantley went on, casting a sidelong glance at him — 'is per haps too pretty for her position ; it is a pity her education has been bo neglected, but I daresay she knows enough to qualify her become a small farmer's wife.' Steadying his voice, but for the life of him unable to prevent a tremor in it, Roland re plied — 'I am sorry to hear it, because I am sure that nos one of tha family desires thanks ; and unless you carefully avoided any reference to attempting to repay the obligation, they will be greatly pained. As to the prettiness of Miss Cieeve' — and he fels that he had better leave this part of the assault unanswered — ''I am not aware that any woman could be too beautiful.' ' To reply to your last observation first,' said his aunt, 'that is just where you r/ien make a great mistake ; good looks in girls of the lower orders generally turn their heads and very often the heads of silly young menwhoprofees toadmire them. They become so infatuated with the attentions paid them that they consider tbem atjlvaa tr\n cmn4 frit* mnn t\t thair nn/n fa4-.9.f-.inn I shall be very sorry for that child, very sorry,' added Mies Grantley with emphasis, ' if any of the gentlemen of the neighborhood are foolish enough to take notice of her ; at present I think she is really a very respectable young person. As to your disapproval of my thank ing the family for their kiudness to you, my dear Roland, I am surprised at you. It was due to ruyvelf as an older member of our family. The Grantleys, of Grantley Hall, should not remain under an obligation to their inferiors for one moment longer than is absolutely ne cessary. I have already written to your uncle as the head of the house on the subject, am fully expect thpt he will insist on handsomely remunerating jVIr. Cieeve for the' expense and trouble he has been put to on your account.' ' Then, by heaven,' broke ont the young man, ' -o J must stop anything of the kind, or I will repudiate not only the deed but my name and family as well.' ?'No, you won't, my dear, do any thine so absurd,' coolly replied the lady. 'In the first ?place you are too proud of your grand old name. In the second there ia tco good a prospect of your inheriting the estate for you to risk losing it) by offending your uncle.' With a muttered oath Grantley left the room baffled and disconcerted, yet in spite of himself impressed and elated with the prospect hinted at by his aunt of the fine old property ever becoming his. He was angry with himself for the feeling, too, knowing that tbe clever woman with whom he had to deal would use it to mould him to her will. It was evident that she knew more about the matter than he did. lie was well aware that she was in regular com munication with Sir Archibald, and he was doubtless tbe subject of discussion, possibly was eveu now on his trial. ' Petrel — there is tho trouble,' he said to himself. The conversation to-night had been for a purpose — a settled purpose on the part of his keen-witted relative, and he had innocently dropped into the trap by Ehowmg his love for the girl. 'Tnat 'oute old woman will auite under. stand now that 1 am loud or tfev, and will draw her own conclusions as to whas effect playing tbe chance of my inheriting the Grant ley estate against her will have. Damn it, I am giad I'm off to Sydney to-morrow ; it will Vive time for things to settle down somehow. Curse the old meddler '. Why can't &hn; leave me to take my own course ? Poor little PetreL I can't and won't give her up for a thousand estates. ' Yet while he vowed it he doubted himself. This doubt increased when he thought of that convict stain attaching to her father's name of which Major Cuthbert had spoken. 'Miss Grantley of the Grant aware of that, or it would have been driven home and clenched— that is very sure. Well, sufficient for tbe day is the bother thereof ;— now to say farewell to my darling before I start; there she is at her father's door.' 'Petrel, my Pet, I am come to say good bye : my darling, how can I ever leave you?' *' O Roily, your aunt has bt-en here aud your sisters. She is uncb a grand lady, and— and— I don't like her,' bursting into tear.s. 'Nor do J, dear; an old cat, who puts her hidden claws into other people's business. But what did she say ?' ' I hardly know, bat dad and auntie were dreadfully offended at tho way she thanked them about you. Auntie said she patronised them as if they were px-r people in England and hinted that they fehould be rewarded— wasn't it cruel ':' ' I feared it would be so when I heard she had put in her oar in her high and mighty way. liut, Pet, what did she or tbe girls eay to you?' ' Never mind, Roily,' hanging her pretty head ; ' that does not matter.' ' Yes, it does, dear ; I must know before I go.' 'I don't want to part you from your family ; you are the only son and your sisters Petrel ; 'but I am fond of you too.' Then more incoherently still ; ' They say that there is a young Isdy in England you are to marry by-»nd-bye.' 'The very firs* word I have ever heard about it, I swear,' he vehemently answered. ' It is not true ; I love you. Pet, and no other girl under the sun, in the new world or tbe old.:- Nestling in his arms she looked into his earnest face and was comforted. How could she doubt when her own true heart beat so loyally and lovingly towards the hero of her first dream of love ! ? ??**? A few dnys afterwards Bliss Grantley aeain mmsMi th« fallttwimr letter which she had re cently received from her brother. Sir Aichi bald— 'Grantley Hall, Cumberland. 'My dear Arabella— My last acquainted you with tbe sad intelligence of die accident to my dear son Gerald in the hunting field. I told you then tha* even if the worst waa averted it was probable the ill effects would be ptrnianeut. In this my feaw have been verified in tbe bitterest way. The doctors unanimously state that he must remain partially paralysed for the rest of his life and that if he ever did marry it would be quite impossible thai be coukj be tbe fatter of a child. He may lira for years, but they bid me he prepared for an early termination to bis tfliffrringt*. 'Under these painful circumstances it ia my duty as the head of our ancient house to make thebe?t possible arrangements to ensure that a fitting successor to our long line of au^stora should nil the place that I hoped would devolve upon my son and his heirs. You know that- 1 looked to our brother John's sons as the next heirs, not only by right of succession, but as being nearer to my love; but since their father's death these two young men have been, behaving in a most scandalous manner— drinking, gambling, and even worse. I now therefore turn to tha eon of our other brother, poor Roger, who died on the voyage to Australia. I am in receipt of your letter saying that he is a fine young fellow, perhaps none the worse for the romantic experie*»e« he has undergone. His mother I detested, and never could understand how a Grantley could uc bucn a iooi as to maice nnr nis wue. ono came of f sir blood, bub certainly not equal to ours, and thf-n he had the opportunity of con tracting a faplendid alliance if he had chosen. No wonder I never torgave him for rejecting it for the most fleeting of good looks, with nothing else to recommend the woman. Were she alive now I really do not think I could bring myself to select her Bon as my heirpre fumptive. To instal her in Grautley Hall would be too much. Fortunately her death removes tbis objection. My little girl is now sixteen, and both good and pretty. If young Roland is all ycu ray — and I am sure that I may depend upon your judgment in a matter of eueh importance to our family— it would (?lease me to see' them form an alliance, thus nrobablv kFf*nincr £ha titta. namp. and estate intaot in the family. I include the title, because it will rcarcely be heid Jong, if they ever succeed to is, by either of my scape grace nephews, the next heirs, as they are both already broken in health and are rapidly killing themselves. It is my most ardent desire that the young people should come together, but htill I do not make it an imperative condition to Runald'u inheriting the estate. If he prefers to engage himself to another ladv of untainted name and good family, so be it. Heaven forbid that my daughter should be forced upon any man. She will in any case ba amply provided for. Since, however, much of the scum of our country has been involuntarily sent or has naturally gravitated to the Australian colonies there is a danger of a young man becoming involved in an engagement ot an objectionable j character, unbecoming the future master of Grantley Hall. My bones would undoubtedly : :utn in their emvA if ku.-^i n. HronHfrif mn. tingency as I have ventured to contemplate should arise. — I remain, your affectionate brother, Ahciiibald Ghaxtlkv.' _ 'Yes,' thought Miss Grautley, 'I did quite right not to tell Roland what is in that letter. Is was much hotter to hint to him and her too, what a future may be his. He will have time to think it well over while he is away ; and even if he does not forget his pretty little rufctio, he may eett on which side his bread is buttered. Quite a vulgar kind of pro verb, by the way ; bub no one heard me, and ! it is very expressive. I am certaiuly acciug in i the best interests of Roland ia separating him from that girl, of whem he would tire in a week, and giving him Grantley Hall and a title, thus killing two birds with one stone — nnnthpr rafchpr vnlornr r\rnvAr!i T rf*-r-.la.r« because it's only low people who kill birds with stones ; our class hhoot them. Then, again, I shall like to fro back to tbe old houve and Roland would be obliged to do something for rue in common decency. Yes, he must go home and marry hi* cousin, Sir Archibald's girL At any rate,' she added with emphasis, ''he shall not marry tbis one.' ! iroor resrei, taougn uer lover nas gone, is singing blithely, all unconscious of the letter quoted above, as sbe niouuts tbe Bluff to the old ' look-out' where Roland and uhe have bo often wandered together hand-in-hand before ' he became a man and, like a hero, went out to seek his fortune. A whale in in sight and she : has come with much of the old excitement to watch the dear dad oace more brave the perils of the chase. She anticipates no disaster ; he has too often dared a similar dancer with impunity for her to feel any special anxiety now. The day is calm and there are two boats racing along side by side, so that help is near if any accident should happen. In the bay on rhe outer side of tbe Bluff and between it and 1VC36 XHULUU lire LWU WE1U.1OH. ' A cow with her calf,' say3 Ben, ths look- ; out man, 'always the vnoit dangerous to take.' There are altogether four boats out, the one : which is racing the Headman's boat being from : tbe opposition fishery atthoKob. Both ore wa are straining every nerve to fasten first, having now rivalry to whet their ardor. Cleeve's other boat is far away, down off Seal Rock, while the fourth is just leaving the Police Point. Idly the whales piay and disport themselves with awkward gambole, their huge forms showing on the surface of the water as they roll and tosa about with their great black backs glistening in the sun. There is a moment's away they go side by side, making for the ' open sea. The Headman sees their intention : and steers to cut them oil' ; and now ensues a ' raoe between the boat propolltd by its seven ' oars and the monsters of the deep. At the ; reef they double back, apparently fearing to cross, though the water is deep aud tbe same , desperate struggle back to the Bluff follows. - Once more the monsters turn and again the boat cuts them off from tbe open sea. In the ' shallow water close to the rooks their huge j heads and backs rise to tbe surface aud they i turn.again, Jack the Harpooner making a futile I attempt to fasten as tha Headman swings tbe ; boat) round. Away oneo more, every man bending desperately over his oar, while the i otber boat still follows closo. : With flushed face and eager eyea Petrel watches each movement of her dearly loved sire, her heart filled more with pride than with anxiety. She now runs down, however, to the rocks directly overlooking the scene of tbe chase, which she recognises as one of more than ordinary danger as well as interest. What if the monsters rufh ou that frail bnat kept daringly across the only way of escape between them and safely out in the wide, open ocean? Repeatedly failing to paes unmolested they ; will surely at last dash their pursuers to frag ments in' their frightened fury. 'Ob, dad, let them go,' she rather thought than said. At the reef the beasts stvifty doubled as before, the harpooner again launching his shaft in vain as the craft swings round respon sive to the powerful strokes of the Headman's steering oar. Now they fly book again, but | Petrel instinctively feels that her father means to steer alongside it at all hazards at the next turn under the Bluff. ' Stick to it, men !' shouts the Headman ; 'another spurt, a few more strokes yet. Now, Jack, be ready as she doubles,' and the boat glides within a few feet of the leviathan, as it rises from the submerged rocks at the brink of the breakers. The harpnoner's arm is raised, this time not in vain, and the weapon is driven unerringly into the great bare back. In a moment, whale and boat, tbe latter half full of water, are tearing out to Bea at tremendous speed. Meanwhile the calf has parted from its wounded dam, and, as it lifts motionless on tho water, the other crow row up to it and mi Ira foafi hnfnra it li:is m&da; a movement. Then it rushes after the other, and a scene of almost indesoribable confusion ensuRp, lines be coming entangled and boat colliding with boat. Once, after clearing the ropes, the Headman only clings on to the end of bis line by one hand, hie powerful frame being strained to the utmost to sustain the tension. Exhausted with its struggles, the oalf at length lies still and the orew fast to it make a few strokes towards it. The old whale appears to understand ita danger and dashes at the ap proaching enemy. One awful moment and then Petrel Bees the crushed boat and strug gling men fctrewing the tea. ' Cut away and save life !' is the Headman's swift order and his boat ia immediately steered among the swimmers, regardless of the in fnriatedmoneterclofiobyitsdyingyoung. There ! is a sweep of the vast carcase and then, with a j stroke of ita tail, the rescuing craft and crew j are tossed into the air.- Men, oars, aud frag ments of the boat are flung up us if by an ex plosion and then fall strewing the waters. With a face white as marble and as cold, Petrel gazes shuddering at the awful sight. It seems an ago, but really is barely a minute, till the other two boats shoot up to tbe spot aud begin picking up the drowning men. ' Thank G jd !' the murmurs. ' Oh, thank God!' All are at length in the boats, and then the two — alas! only two — rapidly row round the Bluff in the direction of home. From the rocks above the girl's agonised eyes eagerly search for the splendid form she knows so well but will never see erect in its mRftninoent pro portions again. Round the Bluff she runs still watching, and taking up a position at the core on a projecting rook she awaits their approach. With wet eyes the rough men see her and one with softened voice calls out, ' He is alive I' Sfita mmi at»t* him tnn. ivint? in fche gtem. tiia white face propped against tbe side with: agony stamped upon it. He feebly waves hi* band as tbe boat sweeps swiftly past. , Sick at heart with heavy foreboding nhe'.\ flies along the rocky shore to the landing to meet them. Stretched on a door they carry tbe Headman up to the cottage with both legs broken and otherwise fearfully bruised and mangled. Of the other craw two meu are badly hurt about tbe body and a third has a leg badly fractured. 'It waa the opposition boat's fault,' said Jack the harpooner to tbe unheeding girl as she walked up by bar father's stretcher ; ' they ought to have left the calf alone till we had , killed tbe oow, then it would never have hap pened. Aa it waa we should have been all right if we had not gone to help them.' As the held her dear dad's hand the strong m»n fcuppresMfd hu groans to rave her Borrow. ' A bad job tbu, auntie,' be said aa they carried bim into the bouse. The beat advkse poMibte waa obtained— that : of a young mcdinal man lately arrived in the neigbborhood. But in tbe oue of Cieeve and one other naa he ordered the patwati to be] ; ( sent to Adelaide as the only chance of saving life. 'I will accompany them,' he said, 'to render all the assistance in my power.' Petrel would not leave her father, so she and her aunt went with him in one conveyance, 'while' the other*' badly injured man and his attendant travelled in another, the doctor attending on both. Darkie was of great service. He at once offered both a 'vehicle and his services the moment he ' heard of tbe accident, swearing that Mr. Grantley had left instructions that the Whole station was to be at the disposal of Mr. Cieeve if required. He acted as driver, and all through the long and painful journey whatever the most tender care and solicitude could do : to alleviate the sufferings of the Headman be did. When he bade Pretel good- by she pre?se3 his hand and with streaming eyes thanked him for all his kindness. 'It's nothing,' he said, turning his head away. 'If I could be in his place I would for your sake.' Then he hurried off. and the same night was far on the road back to En counter Bay. ''She has the true grit,' he muttered as be went, '* and in my opinion is far too good for any man living, Roland Grantley included, but, like all of the best sort, she is not conscious of it.' Chaptlb SVL— The Stab. Roland Grantley meanwhile was in Sydney, and, truth to tell, the young man had found its pleasures taking a strong hold upon him. Young, handsome, and high-spirited he found no lack of friends of either sex to help him to spend hia time and energy. Hitherto be had easily excused his delay in the colonial me tropolis ojl the plea of business, but now an inner, monitor reminded him that the excuse was no longer a valid one. Eofield had weeks since gone up-country to inspect sheep for .the overland journey, and no We .wrote to say that near Yass, on Coo trala Station, he had found what they required reasonable rates, delivery to be taken within a month. Teams, horses, and the whole turn out could be bought better on the spot, and he had better tear himself away from tbe ener vating delights of demoralising Sydney with out) delay. ) ' He is ciuite right and I will go to-morrow,' Roland said ; but the next day came and the next and he still delayed his departure. Just at this juncture, however, a friend he had made received an imperative summons to return to his station, which was situated near Oootrala, and offered him a seat in hia trap. XU1O WUa tl\A- {^UUU CfcU UppULbUUlbJ IAJ V-9 1U3V) so with maDy regrets our hero took; his depar ture. \- 'You have a long journey before you,' said his friend, Fred Condsey, of Lake James, as they trotted along. ' I don't fancy a longer stay in town would make you any the fitter for it.' .'True, most sapient adviser; I look upon you as a direnb instrument of Providence sent to pluck me like a brand from the burning.' The other laughed. 'Not quite that, and I don'b want to preach, but a fellow gets soft by too muoh city life, and you are going on an arduous under taking that wants a man to be at his best I Would like to go with you if this little place of mine could -take care of itself. Rely on it, rthpse black devils about the Junction will rs member the lesson you gave them and en deavor to return it with interest. There is quite- spice enough of danger to render it in teresting.' V We gob through all right last time,' said Roland lightly, 'and I expect we shall this. We know now what to expect and understand the niggers better.' . .*' Undoubtedly, but don't forget that this trip you cannot move so quickly, particularly when crossing rivers. The stubborn brutes of sheep may keep you days before they will take the water. However, another party with cattle has gone through since you did, and according to Sydney gossip has taught the noble savage that ' the wrath of the white man is'a consuming fire.' ' : There was a pause and then Condeey con tinued — -. ' With what is doubtless a proper deference to the majesty of the law, which makes it mur der to kill a blackfellow, we don't talk openly ot these things; if we did it would be awk ward for the officials and they might be com pelled to take action ; but I may tell you that my cousin was in the party and writes me that the natives made a determined attack at the Junction on them. The leader, old Blacklock, at the commencement of the fray, got hit with a boomerang and it made bim savage. He orders to blaze away right and left and they did it to some purpose— -pretty much a case of ' wipe out,3 1 take it, with that lot.' ' I really don't see what else is to be done, if the matter is left to the squatters and drovers,' said Roland. ' But I devoutly hope I may never again have to decide between igiving up my property and prospects or ?shooting the aboriginals. I feel sure from past experience that my self-interest will pre vail over my objection to bloodshed.' ' I don't question it and most men would do the same, but che worst of it is that it does not ouu Micro, uub goucrauy resuiiiB iu a luug -course of reprisals. It's a case of blood for blood with the black men and they don't care who it is, so long as he wears a white skin. I may never have been within hundreds of miles of where his countryman was killed and may stronely disapprove of the deed, but he will just as soon spear me as another and the manes of his kinsman will he quite as well satisfied. Some of the Europeans are worse, however ; they slaughter the blacks in antici pation of aggression. But we must cut the yarn, for here is our camp.' A week's journey brought the friends to Lake James, where they were to part. ''Now, Grantley,' said Condsey, 'I will either lend you a horse to carry you over to Oootrala, or you can buy the best piece of stuff in Xfoiw Rj-fcntiV* - \A/ alaa 'frAm a. ofrtnirman I-iavo The price ia big — thirty guineas ; but the colt — he's little more, only four years old — is per fect. If you think of him, I'll send to * Snowy River Bob ' to have him here in tbe morning. Don't if you want him try to beat Bob down ; he's been offered thirty sovereigns over and over again; he'll simply mount and ride off with a grunt without stopping to shake the dust off his feet, much less waie for another bid. He's a charaoter, is the old stockman.' ? ''Let me see him,' replied Roland. 'I've been looking for a Sydney-side crack ever since I came to the colony ; and if he is what you say Bob shall have no cause to grunt.' Early the next morning Grantley was en joying the fresh air on the verandah, when be observed an uncouth figure-, in basil breeches, rough high-boots, long calfskin waistcoat, and opossum skin cap, riding a superb horse in the direction of the house. The animal paced on with the free, springy step of the perfect hack, his full, bold, bright eyes taking in every object. His color was dark bay with black points, the only white fiaira Ahmifc him bain&r; a l&ren; Rhnwv Rfca.r in the very centre of his broad forehead. A bout fifteen and a half hands high, with a long round barrel ribbed close up to the hips, strong broad loins and splendid sloping shoulders, massive thighs with legs well set under him, short pasterns with bones flatter than Roland thought be had ever seen them before, feet large and firm, and a long arched neck termi nating in a beautiful bead with small pointed ears, wide frontal, and spreading red nostrils, he looked a perfect horse, the most beautiful and useful animal that owns main's sway. With the eye of a judge Grantley glanced over him and mentally decided that he had not a fault. 'Good horse that of yours, friend,' said he, for the rider was evidently 'Snowy River Bob.' ' May well say that, sir ; there's not the like of him on the Sydney side.' 'Well,' replied Roland, 'let's come to business at once. What's his price? and I'll ask you about him afterwards if I buy him.' 'Tbirty guineaB,' eaid Bob defiantly, as if he expected a protest. 'He's mine,' said Grantley quietly. 'I'll pay you the money now if you will oome into the house.' {The stockman's face relaxed. ' You are a gent as is a gent and knows a good horse when he sees one and doesn't beat a man down. -You'll never repent buying him, sir ; and if ever your life depends on him he'll oarry you through, if horseflesh can. Never mind what his pedigree is, sir ; I don't know it myself and I came by him honestly, but he shows breeding in every hair of him.' 'Well, Bob, on second thoughts, Til ask you nothing. I am quite satisfied with my bargain ; and if, where I am going, the nig gers get after me I don't doubt he'll pull me through.' 'Niggers be d ? d,' said Bob con temptuously ; ' he'll run them vermint blind in less than no time. Star's his name and he is a star, but he was called that 'cause o' the mark in his forehead. It shows out eo, sir, that even in the dark you can see it shining. I would not sell him, but there is them about these parts as have their eyes on him for the road and they'd be £ure to get him from me somehow.' 'But you could swear to that star,' said Roland,-' any where f ? ' Ay, sir ; but they'd soon paint that out, if they wanted to. I'd swear to him without that, but ie wouldn't help me to get him back if they once laid hands on him.' *'Ob, you mean bushrangers?' Roland said, but the old man answered never a word. 'Well, Bob, .so you have sold the Star, the best horse in the ccmnf-.n? '-' aniri M- nn-i^n joining them. ** YeSi sir, and I am going to throw in into the bargain this here pair of hobbles that won't hurt hia fetlocks.'-. 'Beautifully made and soft as a glove,' said Condsey; 'I am Eure Mr. Grantley is greatly obliged to you. He has now got quite the best hack and one of tbe test pair o hobbles in the district.' All old busbmen know what a comfort to both horse and rider a really well-made pair of hobbles are. These were beautifully made of the best prepared bullock-hide, every part being patiently end even elaborately plaited. They were no trouble to pub on or take off, and no exposure to wet or heat could -ever harden them. Grantley heartily expressed bis thanks while the stockman was engaged in taking off his well- worn saddle and bridle. Seeing that there was nothing; at hand to tie up the horse with he took a light plaited halter from hia paak and, patting it on the Star, fastened him to the fence. : « But Roland noticed what he had done and exclaimed — 'No, Bob, that halter is worth half a sove reign ; I must pay you for that.' ' Well, sir, I'll take the money to drink your health and wish you luck, if you don's mind.' Then, saddle on head, the old stockman passed through the gate and disappeared. 'Just like old Bob,' observed Condsey; he gave the hobbles more to the horse than you, and if you had nod offered payment for the halter he was too proud to ask it. All the same, you would have lost caste in his opinion if you hadn't. As it is, when anything annoys him with me he will no doubt allude to you as ' that gent as is a gent and knows how to treat a man.' Well, as you brought your own saddle and bridle from Sydney, you have now a com plete fit-out ; and if you must gc to-day I will ride part of the way to show you the short cut and see how you like the Star.' Chapter XVII.— The Noble Savage Ob taiks Some Mottos. Three months later two riders sat on then horses on the bank of the river Darling at the J unction. The river was not then full to over flowing as it was when last they saw it, but shrunk to half its former dimensions. Neither was it of the nearly milky whiteness which bo surprised them then, but clear as the Murray itself. That stream, too, flowed now well within its banks, the lagoons and backwaters being dry or . detached from the main channel. Otherwise the scene had not so greatly changed. True, the frontage and grass generally was much dryer, but there was still abundance of pasture. In the distance could be seen three clouds of dust, to the initiated unmistakable evidence of the presence of three flocks of sheep, rendering it unnceeseary to look for the line of little animals looming large in the mirage. Nearer again were the teams, a horse- care, and four pairs of bullocks with heavy dray crawling slowly after, all showing mammoth-like and misshappen in the quivering and deceptive light. , The horsemen were Enfield and Grantley, tanned and dried up by continual exposure to the fiery sun of Australia in level Eiverina. There was no mistaking the splendid bay horse with the dazzling white star, with his bright eyes as full of pride as ever, though some of the gloss of the coat had gone and the ribs and muscles showed more plainly. ' The drays will be up directly,' said En field. 'We'll camp near the fallen tree; it will do for a back log and is out of the reach of the river-bank if the blacks should attempt an attack by creeping in under it or swimming.' 'Yea,' assented the other, 'it's better to be cautious, as Danker used to tell us. The sheep'are coming on ; I'll ride back and tell the men they may let them ' box' — they can't go wrong in the angle of the two rivers. No bridging this, Enfield, as we did the Lachlan, though it is by no means the formidable obstacle it was the last time we were here.' 'You are right, my boy, in each respect; we must go regularly to work, make forcing yards and strain a rope acrcss on the lower side to keep our ' jumbucks' straight, and then we can only hope that the many minds will have but one opinion and get over to the other side as fast as possible. If they set their faces the other way we are booked to remain here as old Neddy says, they have their capricious oue too, and women are constancy itself com pared to them then.' ' Moralise away, old chap,' laughed Roland as he rode off, 'about women; but it's all humbug, you know ; if you could only meet one now she would possess none but perfect attributes.' 'The young beggar is quite right,' mused Enfield, sitting down on the log and letting his horse loose to crop the grass growing about. ' I don't know why I should wander like a modern Ishmael through the wilds of Aus in inn itn oxuwu ivou auuiuu uuj ?- 4vu vuuw j/tvv tiest ot all wild-flowers waiting to be plucked by him. If ever I get a girl to think half as much of me as she does of him I'll settle down, unless Pm a bigger fool than I look.' It occupied the party two days making the necassary preparations for crossing the river, as it was thought prudent to do the work as thoroughly as possible, so that there should be no breakdown. A rope was strained across the stream to prevent the sheep going down with the current, and a forcing lane was made from the yard to the edge of the water. The body of the horse-cart served as a punt and in it a few sheep were crossed to the opposite bank, to entice the others over. When all was ready the work began. Along the lane the reluctant brutes were absolutely forced, resisting every step of the way to the bank, then over the bank into the water. From the first it was evident they had no stomach for it. They would smother first in the scream, and if still urged on they lay down supinely one on another, feet deep. Go to the right or left? Yes; but straight ahead through that strip of wateir — no — by all the gods of the woolly race. Those ou tbe other side, however, would cheerfully swim back, and did so, telling their fellows that the other side possessed no attractions worth the passage. More were punted over, others were taken by swimmers, though they resisted until they were nearly drowned ; bat as to the rest fol lowiner, in all those ten thousand sheep's heads there was but one determination — won't, won't, won't, shan't, shan't, shan't 'No use,' said the shepherds. 'No use,' echoed all hands at last ; so it was decided to leave the matter until late on the following morning and let the perverse animals starve on the camp and in the yard meanwhile. Pro bably when the pinch of hunger came and they realised that the only way to a square meal lay over the stream they might look at it in a different light. At ten o'clock next morning, after the dray had been crossed, a few sheep were put over and began to feed contentedly at once on the grass at the river's brink. Those already in the lane observing them evinced a desire to join them. All hands began urging them and presently they started. Nothing was now re behind. Better still, those in the yard on the edge of the river began crossing of their own accord, so that instead of a narrow string of swimming sheep there was soon a broad band which kept on increasing until the whole flock was over with scarcely the loss of a dozen, all told. ;. ' Bravo !'said Enfield'; ' never was a tough job better done. We are over the rivers, for with these so low the Anabranch cannot give us any trouble; and now, boys, we must be more careful than ever of the blacks.' Nothing was seen of the natives, however, for some days, after which it was evident they were prowling about, as one or two were occasionally seen, and still smouldering fires were found at lately abandoned camps. *fcTil Rnnr/iAlv lnnVn as if triftTTmeAntiTniBniiiAf J1 observed Enfield. 'I would like toBhow them that we desire to be friends,' and on leaving camp he placed a dapper and half a sheep where the could not fail to find them. Half any hour later he returned to find them gone 'Shows they are watching us,' said he, ' but apparently with no hostile intentions.' ' Be cautious,' expostulated Grantley. 'I I don't think it wise to leave food; it will en courage them to follow, which is just what we want to avoid.' That afternoon, as they were riding along a little in advance of the teams through a few shrubs from the edge of a thicket, they sud denly came upon three blackfellows, apparently by surprise. The natives did noo attempt to 'fly, but appeared to be edging nearer the bushes, at the same time motioning the whites to retire or look back. Inad vertently Enfield turned round in his saddle and immediately the nearest native speared him in the loin. Roland saw the treacherous act and immediately fired, apparently without effect, for the weapon was no sooner flung than the whole three disappeared. Enfield Btooped forward, clinging to his horse's neok, the spear — to Roland's horror, a barbed one — hanging from his side. ' I've got it this time,' he said, 'badly, I fear.' Grantley sprang to the ground and, as the shaft was pressing down and causing great) pain by its weight, held it up until ths cart was driven up. Then a saw was procured and the spear sawn off near the wound. Con siderably relieved bv the weight of the weapon being removed, the sufferer was able to dis mount and take off some of his clothes. It was then seen that it was only a flesh wound, but the shaft had passed alarmingly near vital parts. Grantley endeavored to withdraw it, but without avail, and after enduring great) agony Enfield begged him to desist. 'There iB little bleeding and I believe if we could only get the thing out you would be more com fortable and would do well,' said his friend. ' We will have another try in camp.' re plied the wounded man. ' I feel too faint to stand more now. Make me up a place in the cart where I can lie down.' They only went a short distance farther that) day, as the jolting of the vehicle increased his sufferings. When at rest on the ground cold water applications were used and as the pain abated attempts were again made to extract cue spear- ueatij uouct me wja-cw-tway- —?. .uUUw*u. himself, who knew something of surgery, but without success. ' Leave it alone,' he said at last, 'it may work out itself ; you will only aggravate the wound by pulling at it. Most likely the barb has caught on a bone. I have no internal pain and do not now think it eo serious as at first.' » Later he became much easier and talked quite calmly about himself and the position of the party. ' I was a confounded fool to look away jus6 to give them an opportunity to pot me. _ Now I shall of course have to be carried — a nuisance to everybody instead of being of some use,?- ; - ' ' ' ~ A f~i C*~ ~ 'lam going to swing a stretcher in the cart for you to prevent your feeling the jolting so inuoh,' said Roland. . 'Many thanks, old chap. Yon will have lota on your shoulders without thinking of me, for we axe in -the post dangerous part of the country, and I believe the natives are organis ing an attack.!'. ? .- ?. .. . _. .???...-._ 'We will keep a sharp look put and push ©u. It can't be helped if ine eheep do - starye obit, they must makeup for it later on.' The sight passed quietly and beyond a alight pain and stiffness round the wound Enfield was. free from Buffering; but when in his swinging cot with the cart in motion next day his endurance was' put to a severe test and before the day's' journey was over his agony was great. Still he refused to be cast down and on seeing Grantley's anxious face bending over him he said — ' Don't trouble, old man ; I am^ worth many dead ones yet, though its certainly an awkward fix to have a foot or two of timber imbedded in one.' *' It's open country here,' replied his friend ; 'we will only go a little farther ; perhaps to morrow you may feel the jolting less.' f2obe continued. J Australians will be glad to learn that the Jiovels of Henry Kingsley are coming strongly into favor with English readers, end a new library edition in monthly volumes is an nounced, commencing with 'Geoffrey Hamlyn,' that ever readable Australian story, ?which has been so highly praised by Marcus Clarke and Eolf Boldrewood. The leaders in the movement to do honor to Henry Kingsley are Andrew Lang, Augustine Birrell, James Payn, and that charming author, 'John Strange Winter.' This lady writes : — ' Henry ?Kingsley's novels are one and all alive from cover to cover, fresh, breezy, and pre eminently human. They are brimming over with Bympathy and tenderness, and their interest remains as unflagging at the twentieth time of reading .as at the first.' 