THESODTBERHDBTRICTS. OTTR WEEKLY HEWS-BUBGET. -t. What think ye of Jtide ? . ^Howiare you going to ependthe holidays P \- ^SchootchUdren's entertainment in the MouotBarker Institute this evening. ' ■ 'r"-T . Our; Broken ffiU: correspondent forwards an interesting letter about Barrier doings.' . TheMount Barker Auxiliary Bible'Society holds its,annus! meeting on Wednesday,' 20th ihst. '• The.Monarto. Racing Club comes out with a small credit-balance after its meeting on the 2nd ihst. . '"" ■ ' - - " * SraiTtf" is the'-hewly-registered' trader markof the Strathalbyn Dairy Prbduoe -Cdinpanyl **'■ •' y "Mount" Barker distriet eleetoral rolis siow stand—-Iiepslatite Council/ 911; House of Assembly, 1704. The annual broaking-up picnic in connec tion with^Hahndorf College will be beld next Monday afternoon. * ' ; Sunday was unusually hot at Mount Barker; the~thertnometer"-at the poBt-offide rising as high as 99'7 degrees in the shade: " "SerVantsappearto he in great demand at Fort Elliot, a weekly wage of £1 being offered for a" good general". The Mount Barker' Bide Club fire a thatch on the local.range.to-morrow with-~a team of militia officers from Adetaide. - ' ~ ; Tliemembers' of Our ' Boys' Institute, Adelaide; hare some thoughts of making JUiang the scene of their holiday encampment. Second half-yearly meeting of Blakiston Dairy , Produce Company shareholders ' at. Li^ftehampton next Monday evening. • Owners of properties are reminded that the pro^fcrcwfs' of the Bdsbfires Act should now irB calfefully n'dted. " i ThbAo'oSs^latBly purchased by the Mount1 iBarkei?; Institute Committee are an excellent cbllfjciion.and firegreatly appreciated by thfe libraiy.subscribers.. ' . , Master Arthur Geoffrey Owen, sonof the Eer!?. W. Owen,' formerly of Mount Barker}" hair.^assed 'first class .,in-Ote..Senior Public Examination at the.Adelaidc University." The Woodside .local Court will be held on January 22 and the Port Elliot Court on January 26, ;the dates in December previously fixed upoh heing public hblidayB.' NoW that the hot weather is upon-as it is refreshing to read_p story about glaciers' and snow avalanches such as that appearing on the fourth page of this week's Courier, \- Mr. Tliornburn Bobertson, attorney for the Kaugarilla Silver-mines, Limited, gives notice that the office of the company is at. the Aclare mine, 'hear Callington.'' A largely-attended concert in md of the widow of the late' Mr. Hollow, who was recently entombed" at the Happy Valley Waterworks, was held in the Clarendon Institute last week. At the Clarendon Police Conrt last week Cesare 'BoscheUu'an Italian, was-.fined £2; with costs, for lighting a fire under conditions contrary to the regulations of "the Bushfires Act... ' , The Annual dinner in connection with the Victor' Harbor Oddfellows' Lodge was suc cessfully .held last Eriday evening, Mr. H. E. Downer, M.P., and - district officers being among" the large number present. ' \ Alfred Williams, the man who- made a disgusting assault on a li ttle boy at Callington three weeks ago, was yesterday sentenced by Mr. Justice Bundey to seven years' imprison ment, with hard labor, and one flogging of SO lasliesl " • Among \ publications- to* Hand are the Y.M.CJ.A. Herald for December, the Mutual Provident Messenger for thiB month,, which containb" an . illustration of the AMJ£, Society'#, office in Adelaide, and the annual report'of the Woods and Forests Department. A .farewell dinner was tendered to Mr. B. Kidder of Hie Bank of . Adelaide at Gumer apha, on.the.ere of his. departure for Glenelg last' week, the complimentary remarks con cerning'' the /guest of the evening: being expressed with much cordiality. . Mr. W-A- Wilsdn, of Monnt Barker, was the yictim of a painful oocident oh* Tuesday, falling -and gettinginsface out by a bamboo while, crossing a creek.' ;One:of :liia eyes jtraa injured; but it is hoped that under medical attention the sight will ,not be more than temporarily affected. In.' the: Mount Barker InBtitute-hall this eveiunjj^the children of tlie local Model SoHool give-'another -of their popular entertainments. A programme of 16 pieceB, including several novelties, will be presented, among the items being bayonet, scarf,- and physical drill, kindergarten song, and' a.-sketch entitled' " The Poisoned Darkies." ■ ; ; ' • ■' "' Durihg-the year ended' June 30^-1893, ^0 Central Land Board cost'£1380.' Payments to its members for fees mad travelling■ allow ances' were:—W. Strawbridgejnii and £66 15s.; J. Ford, £153 16s. 6d. and £108; 8. Stanton, £147 arid'£126 7s.'6d.' The board dealt with 1,289,600 acres of land'-and allotted 152,543 aorCB. A meeting of the Onkaparinga School Board of Advice and the teaohers-ofthe district waa"held a£ Woodside on -Wednesday, 6th inst., when it wsb decided to-hold a picnic of theoombineclpchools on Friday, December 22\. -The place decided on was the "Black Section" between Oakbank and: Woodside. As over 400 children may be expected the picnic should prove a great BUcoesB. The second half-yearly general meeting of shareholders in the Blakiston 'Dairy Produce Company will.he held sit the; Great Eastern Hotel,1 Littlehampton, at 7.30 o'clock on Monday evening, 18th inst. A directors' report and balance- sheet will he presented, and the'meeting will be called upon to eleot two auditors in place of Messrs. Garr and Haines, who -retire but are eligible for re election. (PROM Qua Own CoREESPONDENlS.) Murray Bridge, DecemberI3. We have' been -experiencing, very hot weather, and on Sunday the tempera tare- was 3.10 degrees in -the.shade. if The new season's Wheat is beginning'tO come in, Messrs^ Standen Bros. & Co.^s mill presenting quite an animated appearance. We are about to lose our highly-respected minister, -the Bev.'J.'G-. K. Mackenzie,who enters St: Peter's College after the NewYear. Although he has been only a few-months here;Mr. Mackenziehas made friends on all sides, and regret is feltat his removal. "♦ — Victor Harbor, December 14. A\ very successful concert under the auspices of the Victor Harbor Choral Society wns:.givemin.the institute-hall last evening under the .bfi.ton of Mr.G. P. Hodge, Jan., late .of the Port Adelaide Musical Sooiety, wlio has taken" the- conductorBhip of the local, choral'dub, which numbers over 40members;. -The.Abeiety-;.7will give a series of concerts (during; the visitors* season. Mr.- and Mrs.. Peneli'.ireiidered great assistance as lion_ secretary and accompanist respectively. 