COONABARABRAN. Shearing is now a thing of the past, and harvesting is the order of the day throughout the district. While moot of the crops are not above mediocrity, some few are giring a splendid arerage. I hare been informed that one paddock on the Boogaldie or in that direction areraged something like 30 bushels to the acre. Mr. Morgan Bed dan commenced . stripping last Thursday, and from a bird's eye view of the Coolcappa Farm, I should say, a satisfactory result, Mr. Beddan has a very fine farm here, the homestead erected on an elevated table land commands a pretty view of the undulating country beneath, and the Ulambri Plains in the distance are very pic- turesque. Mr. Beddan has the full area here and depastures something like 2000 sheep on his grass right, thereby combining agri- culture and sheep farming, and from the surroundings one would conclude that Mr. Beddan has been fairly successful in his venture at Coolcappa. The maize and potato crops are looking well so far, but I am afraid the protracted dry weather must tell ita disastrous tale. Bushfires hare been rag- ing in the vicinity of the town during the past fortnight. John Scott, a lad 8½ years, son of Mr. John Scott of Mount Hope, went down to a tank to dip a can of water in company with a younger brother; he fell in and was drowned. The younger brother ran home and told his mother, who is in delicate health. She ran down, jumped into the tank containing 8 feet of water, though unable to swim, and succeeded it is said in getting the body, but was too weak to convey the body to land. She then ran three miles in her wet clothes to Andy Stephenson's farm, but he was away ; but eventually the assistance of an old man was obtained and the body taken out. An inquest was dispensed with. Constable Somerville was on the scene and did not consider an in- quest necessary. Mr. Sealy, a seleotor of Goorianawa, had one of his cows bitten by a snake. The cow died and a fire was made to consume the body. The fire spread and burnt the whole farm. The cottage and homestead was saved with great difficulty. I am informed the loss is very great. Baces are to be held on New Year's Day I have reason to believe they will be a Buceéis, as I notice a number of horses in work. A cricket match is being arranged by the energetic Secretary with Coonamble, to take place on the 30th, if that date will suit the Ooonambleites. It is to be hoped our boys will practice and place a strong team in the field to do battle for their native heath. I Measles are still prevalent, while several cases of low fever are reported. Attie Hennessy has been confined to his bed for eight days, and is still rery ill. Howerer, under the skilfnl treatment of Dr. Failes, I hope to be able to chronicle more cheerful intelligence in my next budget. As the gay and festive season is approach- ing, and Christmas will probably be num- bered with the past before I write again, I shall conclude by wishing the readers of the Mercury all the compliments of the season, and hope the next year may prove more pro- sperous than the past. I will now take this opportunity of complimenting the proprietors of the Mercury for the energy and courage displayed in their determination to supply a daily paper to their constituents, and it oer tainly should prore a great boom to this dil* trict, as the subscribers to the paper will get later news in the Mercury than any of the me- tropolitan papers. Wishing the proprietors erery success in their plucky renture, I shall for the year 1893 bid my readers vale. Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., on Monday intro- duced a deputation to the Premier, asking that 260 railway passes might be granted to firemen competing at the demonstration tak- ing place at Bathurst on Boxing Day. A deputation from the fire brigade companies also asked that a piece of ground valued at £450, at North Sydney, might be granted as a Bite for a fire station. The deputation fur- ther asked that the piece of land granted as a sito for the No. 1 Fire Brigade at Parramatta might be handed over to the brigade as soon as possible. The Premier gave a ready com- pliance to every one of the three requests made. The Victorian Customs returns ' show imports for November to the value of £1,500,000, against exports to the value of £2,000,000. 