Country News. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) BOWEN, July 1. The gunboat Boomerang sailed southward last Saturday after a stay of three days. The vessel was open to the public, and many took advantage of the opportunity to inspect her. A shooting match between the Garrison Battery and a team from the Boomerang resulted in a victory for the visitors by 34 points. Several oilioers of the ship attended the usual Cin derellas, and the best was done to make their wsit as pleasant as possible. The French escapees from New Caledonia had a terrible experienoe. After escaping they encountered heavy and oontinuod galea, and on reaching the Barrier some of the party were utterly exhausted, and would probably have perished bad some aboriginals not picked them up and taken them in canoes to Withnall's saw-mill on Whitsunday Island. The rest managed to bring their boat over to Whit sunday, when Mr. Withnall took them in charge and brought them to Bowen. .An examination of the men was held before the police-magis trate, the Rev. Father Bucas acting as inter preter. They admitted being escapees, that the boat had been stolen, and the marks and numbers on their olothing were confirmatory evidence. The police-magistrate remanded them to Brisbane, to which place they were despatched last Monday. The annual school feast in connectioq with the Anglican Church was held on Wednesday last, and the turn out of both old and young tested the accommodation at the disposal of our Railway Department. The picnic took place about ten miles from town. The programme for the race meeting on 23rd August embraces seven races, absorbing about £80 of added money. Although this is but a small amount, and not very tempting in the aggregate, there is every possibility that the meeting will result in a day's genuine sport. On Thursday a man named H. W. Jacobs was brought before the police-magistrate (Mr. F. W. Myles) charged with embezzling oertain sums from his employer, Mr. James Stockwell, solioitor. The aocused, it appears, left the employment of Mr. Stookwell a week or two back, and had opened an office here for Mr. E. J. Forrest, of Townsville. The evidence occu pied two days, and resulted in the police magistrate committing the defendant for trial at the next District Court on 27 th August, bail being allowed at £100. It is likely that a small boiling-down plant will be erected shortly near Bowen, consisting of two digesters capable of putting through sixteen to twenty head per day. One squatter alone has from 4000 to 5000 head ready for the pots, and if well managed a very extensive plant will be required to meet the supply of cattle sent in and offered. WINTON, July 6. Stagnation of Business—Tub Late Rains— Shearing Season—Stock Movements—The Winton Bore. Business in all lines has been very quiet for some months past, owing to the scarcity of work and other causes; and the stoppage of the Queensland National Bank brought the climax. For a short time here the notes were useless,- unless the unfortunate possessor of them submitted to be mulcted to the tune of ss. in every pound, at whioh modest rate of dis count one of our enterprising townsmen managed to lay in a small stock of them—a very good transaction for one. The rain we had has done very little good in the matter of grass in our immediate vicinity, as there was not nearly sufficient to give it a permanent start, to say nothing of producing any herbage. Two of the dairymen have Btarted operations again, but unless we get more rain soon I fancy they will not be able to continue for any length of time. Shearing has Btarted in the district, Manuka being the first shed, whioh outs out to-day, I hoar. Eynuna finishes about the end of the month, and then comes Dagworth. Oondooroo started on the 4th instant, and Ayrshire Downs was to start on the Ist, but the teams with the shearing supplies are, I believe, some miles from here yet, thereby causing what must be a most vexatious delay. Llanrheidol and Warrnambool are advertised to start on the 20th and 27th instant re spectively. The horse market ia simply paralysed, nothing like a deoent price being obtainable. Ten of the best- looking draught oolts I have seen for some time oame in on account of Messrs. Raven and White, Strathearn station, but the auctioneer was unable to elioit a bid, although he afterwards sold the lot privately. The bore is still our bfte noir, and a wire was sent last Tuesday urging the Government to accept tenders for continuing the work. Mr. Corfield replied that the Government were con sidering tenders whioh had been recommended by the hydraulic engineer, so that at last there seems to be a prospect of something being done. _ Considering the amount of money which it has already cost, it seems absurd to abandon the work now. UPPER MARY, July 10. Scoah Crushing Season—Prices of Produce- Growth of Sweet Potatoes—lmportation of Seed Maize—Kanaka Labour. Crushing is to be late on the Mary, as well as at Bondaberg. The sugar in both districts is well matured, and on this account the density ought to be good; but the chief draw back » the unfitness of the canefields for heavy dray traffic, caused by recent rains. There is a scarcity of augar for present con sumption in the local market, and the prices of both whites and yellows have advanced very considerably. Potatoes maintain the satisfactory price mentioned already—namely, £6 a ton for best Bamples; sweet potatoes, £3 10a. a ton. maize, locally-grown, 4s. 6d. per bushel; and ss. 3d. for Ipswich maize. Oaten chaff, £0 to £G 10s. a ton. Butter Is. 2d. a lb. in bulk, and as high as Is. od. for rolls and prints. All other farm and dairy produce in the same ratio. It can be seen by the above quotations in the Maryborough market that our farmers and other producers have good times. Sugar, too, is up to £25 a ton for whites, but at this rise is caused by a temporary scarcity, it is not likely to be of long standing. Of late years there is a decided (ailing off in the yield of sweet potatoes, I mean the large white variety. In former years this sort—the priucipal variety cultivated on the Mary yielded enormously, and the crop used to be the farmers' principal stand by for horse, cattle, and pig feeding; as human food, too, they were very desirable. The plantings of these tubers are made by using the tips of the vines or runners, about a foot in length, and dibbling them into either the well-worked earth or into the soil raised into drills, but of law they have proved a failure either way, and anyone throwing light on the subject would confer a favour on your readers. The seed maize which the Department of Agriculture is about to import from America is eagerly expected by the farmers, and it is hoped it will come to hand in tiie mouth of August at the latest. Sowings of maize take place very soon both in this district and in places further north. On Recount of the high price ruling for this grain people are the more anxious to relieve the tension by early sowings, to ripen about the end of tho year. There is at the present time a bi? demand fqr kanaka labour for the coming .ui</ar crush ing, and as muoh as 11s. a week with rations iB paid for them by "the Isis cane growers. Six months is the term for which the I»is farmers want them, and as these short poriods of ser vice are most acceptable to the islanders it is difficult for the yearly employer to get them at all so long as openings exist in the Scrub. There is no doubt these islanders are splendid hands in the canefield; at the same time thoy are very hard to deal with. They know their own value, and you might as well try to stop the flow of the tide as to persuade one of them to engage for twelve months at, say, Bs. a week snd tuokor on a regular plantation while the big wages for short spells are open to them. It is a great pity that those idle youths about our towns and else where do not take kindly to plantation work, for if they did so, and performed a fair day's work, many planters would employ them at, say, 10s. or 12s. a week with good substantial food. This rate might be thought small, but the industry could not afford higher all the year through. Cane-cutting and other work amongst it is considered too laborious for white men during the hot months, but in the present weather there is not muoh to prevent their doing a fair day's work at it. To my mind it is not the ability but the will that is wanting in such cases. BLACKALL, June 20. On Friday night a ball was held in the Town Hall to raise some funds for the hospital. Owing to the energy of the sub-committee and the ladies the affair was a pronounced success. The refreshments, supplied by the townspeople generally, were so plentiful that it was decided to give a children's dance on the following night. On this occasion the ball was simply crowded, and both yonng and old had a most enjoyable time. Last night the bachelors gave a dance, to which the ladies were invited, while gentlemen paid a subscription, proceeds to go to the hospital. Messrs. Ahearn and Peat acted as secretaries, and ihoir efforts were crowned with complete sue oess, everyone agreeing that they h.ul spent * most pleasant evening. <)n all oocasions the music was supplied by Mr. Juck- Bon assisted by the Town Baud. The hospital will benefit to the extent of about £00. Tlio ladies have started a rounder club, which bids fair to be a great success. Mr. \V. Allen- Waters arrived by Tuesday's coach, having bought his old business again. Mr. Goldsmith leaves by to-day's coach. GYMPIF, July 11. Improved prospects of late in several uunea in different parti of fie field, and on distinct lines of reef, have led to the occupation of con siderable areas of ground and the formation of new companies, who are now cither engaged on progressive work or are about to commence operations. Encouraged by the continued Buccesa of No. 1 north Great New Zealand another company has now been floated t.) mine beneath two of the freeholds situate on Lady Mary-terrace, the property of Messrs. \V. H. Couldery and H. Tucker, which it is supposed the run of auriferous stone will traverse. Tho freeholders are to receive 82>>0 shares fully paid up, the nominal capital of the company being £0000 in 36,000 shares of ">o. each. Tenders for sinking the shaft to a depth of 150 ft., or until the first bed of black slate has been reached, have been called for, and work will be commenced forthwith. The South New Zealand Junction, which (or some time back has been under a cloud, is just now holding out the prospect of belter thiug-i from the work now in progress. At present operations are confined to tho 250 ft. level, and the holders are engaged in the development of the New Zealand reef. This vein was inter sected at this level by the advance of tho western crosscut at a distance of .100 ft. from the shaft; a drive is being put in north, and some extent of the reef has been stripped, the quartz on the hanging-wall being from Din. to Bin. in thickness. Black rock has made its appearance in the roof of the drive, and as the slate is dipping north it is expected that a few feet further ahead.will see the drive in slate country with payable stone. A 3oclion of thin mine has lately been let to a party of trihiitore, who are now working upon the March reef at the 250 ft. level ; the vein being some 50ft. west of the shaft at this depth—the crushing stuff in the drive and stopes averaging some ldin. in thickness. The country is slate and fair gold can be seen in the stone, and judging from the result obtained from the first or trial lot of stone they crushed, it would seem that the tributora have dropped upon a good thing, 29 ton 3 of stone having been reduced for a yield of 7loz. 10'lwt. gold smelted, or an average of 2oz. 9dwt. per ton. A parcel of 42 tons of stone from Monnt Wonga has been cleaned up at Nos. 2 and -i south Smithiield mill for ayieldofMoz. lOJwt. 18gr. gold smelted. This claim is situate on freehold land between four and rive miles south of Gym pie and between the Brisbaue and tha Xowa roads. The stone has been got from • very shallow level, the reef is easily worked, and as there is fully 3ft. in thickness of orush ing atuff between the walls, the return—whioh is equal to very nearly 16<lwt. per ton —should prove a remunerative one if the ground is worked continuously and in a systematic manner. With suoh a large body of orushing Bluff it should not be a difficult matter to keep five-head of stamps going.and now that the roads are in good order the item for cartage of stone to the mill will be rauoh reduced. The La-ly Mary and Caledonia Extended, who are working upon a spur off the Caledonia reef to the west of the original Nos. 7 and 8 Bouth Lady Mary, have lately cleaned up from a small orushing of 4 tons 14owt. of stone taken from near the surfaoe, for a yield of 4oz. 6dwt., which, together with Boz. of loose gold previously obtained from tbo rubble and casing made a total of 70%. Gdwt. smelted gold. The auriferous stone is being met with where the reef or vein traverses a stratum of brown slate some 4ft. in thickness, and in the drive which is now being put in at the depth of 14ft. from the surfaoe the formation or crushing stuff will average about 18in. in thickness. Another bed of slate is looked for at a depth of about 40ft. No. 1 north Lady Mary and Caledonia having failed to get the reef in conjunction with the slate strata in their first shaft, are now putting down a second shaft some distanoe further north; they have had much harder sinking in this shaft, and have now reached a depth of 25ft.; thoy expeot to out the slate in another 4ft. or sft. In addition to these two com panies, there are some other parties engaged in trenching or shallow sinking in the imme diate vicinity, and as then seems to be other parallel veins or leaders traversing the ground to the west it is probable that some runs or patches of auriferous stone, of good or payable quality, may be met when these veins get opened up in the brown slate formation. No. 2 south Great Eastern have oleaned up at the Phoenix mill from a orushing of 230 tons 14owt. of Btone for a yield of 85oa. 14dwt. 6gr. gold smelted. Crushing is being continued with ten head of stamps. From the proceeds of the recent crashing of the Phoenix p.o. Tribute a dividend of l&d.; per share, or £800, has been deolared. The tribatora are still orushing with ten head of stamps, and the stone being raised is rather improving in quality. The proceeds of a orushing of 82 tons of stone from the Lady Margaret claim, Paradise goldfield, has been smelted and assayed at the Phoenix office, the result being 86oz. 16dwt. 12gr. gold. At No. 1 north Glanmire the output of stone keeps 25 head of stamps engaged, 15 on stone from the eastern and 10 on stone from the western shaft. The crashing stuff generally shows a little gold throughout, and the yield will probably be equal to that of previous Ornshingß. Business in the share market has continued brisk, and with some few exceptions the tendency of prices has' been upwards. The transactions on 'Change have been numerous and distributed over a large number of stocks. Consequent on the increase of business and the brighter aspeot of affairs generally, the old Gympie Stock Exchange is advertised to reopen for the transaction of business this evening. The output of stone at No. 2 south Phconix havingbeen increasing of late, an extra five head of stamps have been engaged at the Gympie mill, where fifteen head are now operating on ■tone from the mine. The orushing now going through will be oleaned np on Monday next. The weather continues fine, with sooth and south- easterly winds. The nights are cold, with very heavy fogs towards morning. IPSWICH, July 11. At a meeting of the Ipswich Flood Relief Committee this morning, a letter was read from the" Central Flood Relief Committee in Brisbane forwarding a cheque for the sum of £7000 as final grant to the Ipswich Committee. The chairman stated that a telegram had also been received, stating that only four-fifths of the sum voted to the local committee had been remitted. It was agreed to acknowledge the receipt of the £700J as a sum received on acoount of the amount due to Ipswich. It was resolved that accounts now owing should be paid. These, so far as received, amount to £1209 18s. A court for the hearing of appeals against the valuation on properties within the munici pality of Ipswich was held at the Court-house this morning before the police-magistrate and Mr. J. Farrelly, J.P. Mr. Gill, who appeared on behalf of the municipality, said that 500 or 600 appeals had been sent in to the council, and in order to save the ratepayers unnecessary trouble the council proposed to take certain oases as test oases at the court, and then to have an adjournment and endeavour to settle the remaining oases on the basis of these test cases. The oases selected were dealt with. In the East Ward an allotment in Pring-street belonging to Mr. John Ferrett, valued at £60, was reduced to £45; the valuation on two other allotments belonging to the same owner were confirmed; P. O'Sullivan, allotment in Thorn-street, reduced from £150 to £95 ; W. Vowles, allotment in Bell-street, reduced from £500 to £300; P. O'Sullivan, allotment 27 of section 1, reduoed from £660 to £400; Queensland National Bank, Brisbane and East streets, reduced from £1150 to £750; G. W. Wilson, corner of Limestone and East streets, reduced from £2100 to £1600; Austra lian Joint Stock Bank premises, Brisbane-street, from £3000 to £2600. North Ward: John Ferrett, portion of allotment 21, section 6, Down- street, reduoed from £100 to £70; Rev. E. Heiner, two allotments on the Terrace, reduoed from £90 eaoh to £70 eaoh. West Ward: Christian Bros.' premises, Mary-street, from £660 to £450 was agreed to; Rev. A. Horan (for Roman Catholic Church property, Elizabeth-street), from £300 to £150; John Ferrett, portions 1, 2, and 3, western suburbs, assessed at £520, was reduoed £300; John Ferrett, portion 119, western suburbs, from £225 to £150; John Ferrett, portion 15, from £175 to £75; John Ferrett, portions 16 and 17, from £451 to £200; Robert North, allotments 5 and 6 of section 3, the Terrace, assessed at £130 eaoh, and reduced by consent to £90 each; also, allotraonts 14 of eeotion 3, Lowry- street, reduced by consent from £90 to £80 ; Richard Baker, allotment, Pelican-street, reduced by consent from £130 to £90; Edwurd Kolly, allotment, Brisbane-street, from £45 to £30; P. O'Sullivun, four allotments in eastern auburb3, reduced from £.100 to £00; John Caßsells, part of allotment No. 10, section 1, East-street, from £305 (by consent) to £200; Mrs. M'Oinley, four allotments, Brisbane-street, reduced by consent from £1810 to £1700. An adjournment was granted for a week in order to allow those ratepayers who wished to.oonie to a settlement with the counoil on the baaib of the oases tried. A five-roomed house belonging to Mr. John Stewart, contractor, and occupied by Mr. Richard Lord, in Thorn-street, opposite the residence of the Hon. G. Thorn, M.L.A., was destroyed by Are on Saturday morning between 4 and 5 o'clock. The inmates had to leavo very hurriedly, and but little of the furniture could be saved. The houso was insured with the New Zealand Company for £200. THARGOMINDAH, June 24. When the first- big flow was struck at the artesian bore on the 12th May it was estimated at 100,000 gallons per day, but subsequent measurement proved it to be only 46,000. On Friday, 16th instaut, a further supply was struck at a' depth of 2580 ft., whioh was estimated at 100,000 gallons per day. Sinoe then the flow has been in creasing every foot, and the supply is now estimated at over half-a-million gallons per day. Thedep'h to whioh boring operations will be continued is 2650 ft., and as another 9tt. will bring them to this depth, it Beems a pity that the Government oannot see its way to oontinue boring for at least another 50ft., as the flow is increasing consideiably every foot. Of course, Thargomindians arc perfectly satis fied with the supply, but when it is confidently asserted by the driller in charge that a supply of at lea9t two or three million would be obtained by going on with operations, it seemß a pity that the work cannot be carried further. Yesterday instructions were received that operations were to cease at 2650 ft., or if boring was continued it would be at the con traotor's expense. It is to be hoped, however, the Divisional Board hore will come to the rescue and continue operations while the flow is increasing, as if this bore turns out a decided sucoess bores will be put down on a large number of stations in the district, and these will be of immense benefit in a dry time such s this district recently experienced. TAROOM, June 26. Last week there passed through the town ten timber waggons and 240 working bnllooks on the way from the Caboolture district, near Brisbane, under agreement with the Queensland Pastoral Association for Bar • oaldine and Hughenden. There also left hete a mob of horses, sixty head, the property of Mr. James M'Corley, en route for New South Wales, for sale, in charge of Mr. Robert Maokay. After another thirty-six hours' steady rain, the last twelve hours heavy, it has again oleared up and at present looks like a turn of fine weather. The races commence to-day, but tho course is in bad order, the black soil not having had time to dry up after the recent rains. From the same oauso the Miles mail was half-a-day late. July 4. After a whole week of amusement matters have resumed their normal state. On the 26th and 27th June balls were held in the Divisional Board Hall in aid of the internal fittings of the Roman Catholic Chapel recently erected. The result proved to be an unbounded success from every point of view. The hall on eaoh occasion was crowded to excess. The costumes worn were extremely pretty and costly. Two other balls were held during the week, to whioh the same remarks apply. The residents are at present up in arms against a proposed alteration in the mail service between here and Brisbane. It is at present a bi-weekly, and a few interested persons wUh to reduce it to a weekly service. The population is increasing, and the place in every other way improving, so that the reduc tion is quite needless. The roads are fast drying up, and all sorts of traffic resumed. Owing to the great orop of grass, large bushfires are expected after another few days' sun. BEENLEIGH, July 7. The Beenleigh school reopens on Monday next. It closed with one of the most successful concerts ever given in the district, great oredit being due to Mr. Bradbury, the head teacher, and his able assistants for the manner in which the several numbers, thirty-eight in all, were rendered. E. J. Stevens, Esq., the member for the Logan, presided, and Mr. Shirley, dis trict inspector, was also present. The School of Arts was crowded with an attentive and an appreciative audience, who from time to time expressed their delight by storms of applause. Songs and recitations followed each other with out a hitch, so that the whole programme was carried out in two hours. Several of the songs rendered by the very little children met with prolonged applause. Among the great suc cesses of the evening were " The House that Jack Built," and the oharacter song " Three Wise Men and Three Wise Women." The latter was at the persistent demand of the audience rendered again, and was very amusing. The glees by the elder children were well and steadily given, evidencing painstaking training and a thorough appreciation of time and tune on the part of the soholars. The proceeds of the entertainment are to be devoted to putting up a new fence in front of the school, and it is satisfactory to learn that sufficient funds are now in hand to carry out this desirable improvement. On Tdesday last Messrs. P. M'Lean and G. Grimes attended here on behalf oi the Flood Relief Committee to meet farmers who lost their orops by the June floods, and to receive applications for seed. Quite a roll-up of farmers took place, and applications for sixty seven tons of seed potatoes were put in, besides other seeds. I regret to say that nearly all the (relief) potatoes planted after the floods in February havo failed, owing to the continuous raiaa whioh followed. There are but few new potatoes and very little corn in the district, owing to the floods and rains. Although the floods in February damaged the sugar-oano considerably, it now appears that the injury w;iß not so great as was then expeoted. Mr. Faucher, of Pirnpaina Island, has already commenced crushing, aud is turning out a fine whito marketable sugar. Other mill-owners' are about to commence crushing, and it is thought that the returns will be considerably bttyond those of late years. We have expe rienoed some frosty nights recently, but I do not hear of any damage being done to the oane. SOUTHPOHT, July 8. Holders of property in Southport will bo glad to learn that ovan in these dull times there if» some demand for well-situated houses there, the local houso and estate agent having recently sold a cottage in the township at a satisfactory price. The westerly winds are baying a beneficial effect on Southport and its neighbourhood by drying the superabundant moisture caused by the late long-continued rains. This is noticeable in the low-lying lands at Benowa and Carrara. The clear skies and bracing air supply moat enjoyable atmospheric conditions. Slight frosts have been experienced, and these will be beneficial in destroying inseot pests which the damp weather had largely developed. Visitors are arriving in fair numbers, the scholastic profession being well represented. The jetty is daily occupied by amateur fisher men, who are as a rulo successful, taylor, bream, and whiting being plentiful in the estuary. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the School of Arts was held on Friday evening, Mr. E. <h Stevens, M.L.A., being in the chair. The report was read by Mr. Martin. The number of subscribers was stated to be fifty three, as against forty-five last year, yielding a revenue from that source of £38 2s. The library has been inoreased by sixty-seven now books, representing a value of £10 lGs. 3d. Number of books in the library, 1428; and number issuod during the year, 2007, being an increase of 503 over the previous year. With a view to curtailing expenses ten newspapers and periodicals bad beon discontinued during the last half-year and the reading-room bad been dosed at sundown. For the use of the hall for entertainments, &c;, £46 10s. bad been paid during the year, being an advance of 50 per cent on the preceding twelvemonth. The expenditure for the past year had exceeded the income by £24 11s. 9J., the overdraft at the bank being £47 6s. lid. The amount owing for books would be more than balanced by the Government endowment. The incom ing committee were recommended to make every possible redaction in the expenses, and if possible to increase the number of subscribers. The committee for the enftuing year was con stituted ac follows:—Mr. E. J. Stevens (presi dent), Mr. Welsh (vice-president), Mr. Andrews (treasurer), Messrs. Hanlpn, Martin, Mooney, Eversden, Owen, and Kirk. The monthly meeting of the Divisional Board was held on Thursday afternoon. Present—Messrs. Kirk (in the chair), Hanlon, Andrews, Hicks, and Gill. A letter was received from Mr. M'Mann (No. 1 Subdivision) *t road and bridge, and a discussion followed, in the course of which it was admitted that the said road and bridge were most dangerous, but it was considered that Messrs. Mort and Holland should do most of the work, as the road leads to their land, and that the clerk be instructed to write accordingly. Mr. H. Taylor's application re drainage near his house, Davenport-lane, was ordered to lie on the table till next meeting, and that levels be taken with a view of improving the drainage. A long discussion took place as the form of letting Myers's ferry. It was finally decided that tenders be called for lease, the highest not necessarily aooepted. Mr. Hanlon objeoted, as he was in favour of letting the ferry by auction. It was decided that the conditions of lease be settled at next meeting. An application from Cameron Bros, conoerning drainage of Heath cote was ordered to be attended to. The meet ing was adjourned for fourteen days. MURWILLUMBAH, July 6. On Monday afternoon a very pleasing cere mony took place here—namely, the presenta tion of an address to the Rev. Father Ahem, who for about two years and six months has been residing in Murwillumbah as parish priest, but who now relinquishes his charge and purposes taking a well-earned rest. A purse of ninety sovereigns accompanied the address. The testimonial was presented by Mr. Dennis Hartigan in the presence of a large number of spectators, who represented all denominations. Pending the appointment of Father Ahern'a successor, the parish will be attached to Lismore, and will be supplied by the clergy there. Another weekly newspaper is about to be started here, under the title of the Tweed Herald and Brunswick Chronicle. It is being ran by three gentlemen from Brisbane—namely, Messrs. G. Nicklin, J. Shepherd, and A. John stone. The steam launch which has just been com* pleted to the order of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, was successfully launched on Saturday at Condong. Engagement day at the mill is fixed for the 14th instant, and as about 150 men will be required, there will no doubt be a great rnsh for places, and many dis appointments, for old hands will get first show. A correspondent at the Pocket, writing to the local paper, complains very much at the utter absence of polioe protection, especially when there are so many shanties permitted. It may be remembered that the assault mentioned in my last letter took place at this spot. CLARENCE AND RICHMOND, July 1. In the coarse of a few days the sugar season will commence in these districts. The returns are not expected to be very heavy this year on account of the disease that ailects the cane, and the damage done to it by the late high and violent wind. The Colonial Sugar Refining Company advertise that the men required at theirmillaontheClarenoe,Riohmond, and Tweed will be engaged at those places on Friday, the 14th instant. Judging from the number of swagsmen knocking about I should say that that company, will have no difficulty in getting all the hands they require. On Thurnday last the Clarence Flood Trust Fnnd Coujmittee met. It was reported that the total subscriptions amounted to £l l)49 6s. 7<|. Several oasea ot urgent ueed were brought before the meeting, whioh the seoratary was directed to relieve. {Several bags of seed pota> toes had been destroyed by the reoent floods ere they reached the parties for whom they were intended. The seoretary was instructed to purchase 400 sacks of seed potatoes and also Borne bags of seed oats. Some of the butter factories in theso districts have been obliged to suspend operations, as the farmers are unable to supply them with milk since their grass and fodder have been destroyed by the late flood. The Anglican Bishop of Bathurßt is at present on a visit to these diatriota. He arrived on Thursday last per stoamer from Sydnoy at Grafton. He held services on Thursday and Friday in Grafton and at Ulmarra. A very sad aooident ocourred on Sunday week at the Excelsior Mill to a little boy, 9 years old, named Thomus Jones (says the Northern Miner). Owing to wood ashes being U3ed in the dressing appliances at the mill, they are kept in a place enclosed on three sides by a stone wall, but open in front to enable the ashes to be wheeled in. The little fellow and some other ohildron were playing about the mill, and he either fell into the ashes or was playfully pushed into them by some of his playfellows. Tlio poor little chap was very muoh burnt, and after lingering for about ten days he died in the hospital on Wednesday. There have been several oases of children having their feet and legs severely burnt through walking on the ash heaps of some mines at (jueenton, but this is the first fatal case. The annual pionic of the butchers of Brisbane was held on the o<h instant. The steamer Natone, which was engaged for the occasion, left Burns, Pbilp, and Co.'s wharf, South Brisbane, at 9 o'clock with a good number of people on board, and proceeded to the Aquarium, where cricket and sports of other descriptions were carried out on the grounds, while in the pavilion dances and singing were indulged in. There was a stiff westerly wind blowing which made the trip clown and up the river a cold one, but notwithstanding this the excursionists had a pleasant outing. The Bteamer returned to town shortly before 7 o'clock. On Sunday afternoon (says the Bundabertj Star), Mr. and Mr*. Charles Holmes, of Targo street, accompanied* by'three of their ohildren and a servant girl, were driving by Schultz'a corner on the Windermere-road, in the Wooo- Rarra, when the vehiole capsized. As far as we can learn, a spring cart was being driven by Mr. Saint in the opposite direotion. There .were some heaps of unbroken metal lying on the road rrady to be broken for repair work. These narrowed the available roadway going round the corner, and the vehicles nearly col lided. Mr. Holmes esoaped that danger only to rush headlong into another—namely, one of the heapH of metal on the other side. All the occupants of the vehicle were thrown out, and Mrs. Holmes had both her legs broken, as well as one arm, and sustained other injuries. The children escaped with slight injury. The youngest was merely a baby in arms about 3 months old. The nuraegirl was rather severely cat and braised, but Mrs. Holmes was fatally injured. When raised it was found that death had resulted. Mr. Holmes was himself very seriously injured about the head and body. A meeting of farmers and others interested in the formation of a butter factory at Swan Oreek was held in the Swan Greek show building on Thursday last (says the Warwick Argtu of Saturday), at which between forty and fifty farmers were present, Mr. J. 0. M'Mahon pre siding. The chairman warmly supported the idea of starting a butter factory by looal . farmers only,'and called upon those present to express themselves on the subject before the meeting. Several of the farmers present having addressed the meeting at length, thoroughly approving of the establishment of a butter factory at Swan Greek and promising the movement every support, a share list was opened in the room. The butter factory, judging by the tone of the various speakers, will soon be an accomplished faot. The Darlinn Downs Gazette of Saturday states, in reference to the reoent oold weather experienced on the Downs, that the temperature reached its lowest on Tuesday morning when 4deg. of frost were registered at Toowoornba and no leas than 15deg. at Gambooya, the mo3t frost- bitten place on the downs. But as registered by the human thermometer the succeeding days and nights were colder still, although the meroury did not descend so low. Westerly winds of toy temperature prevailed daring the last three days, and the oldest inhabitant hesitated before recounting a chillier experience. On Friday, shortly after dark these benumbing blasts ceased, and the temperature rose sensibly, in fact it grew com paratively warm thereafter. The following were the thermometrioal readings at Too woombe and Cambooya respectively:—Wednes day, minimum 29deg. and 19deg., maximum 69deg. and 58deg.; Thursday, minimum 37deg. and 34deg., maximum 58deg. and 52deg.; Friday, minimum 35deg. and 84deg., maximum 48deg. and 49deg. There is a rumour amongst the Chinese in Shanghai that a number of men, not natives of Yunnan, recently visited a Roman Catholic Church in that province with tbe intention of attending the ceremonies that were then going on in the building. Chinese- like, these men began to walk about and finger everything they saw, disturbing the priests in their functions ; whereupon one of the priests attempted to forcibly eject the disturbers. This was re sented, and, the men being armed, the unlucky priest received over a dozen Bword cuts, and i 3 now lying in a critical condition ; while the other priest—there were apparently only two of them present at the time—received only a few slight cut 3. A riot then ensued, and the building wa3 torn down by the natives, who were led on to the deed by the newcomers. 