Publlirswd Euerye Friday Mlor'ning. FRIDAY,. FEBRIUAIRY 17, 1893. DAREIN: OO UNeIg. Time onlinary meeting of this Council will be ierld at the Counell- Chamber, Epping, on. itonday next, Si?;ING. NEW& The manager - reports as follows:- Antimony 11111,. Templestoane, Feb, 18.-. Treated Ilj tons antimony quartz by Brown- Stamford machine for, total 3oz. smelteod gold, or a little tueder lon, per ton. Stona, erslhed, did; not contaln mnor than 15 to 20. pencent. sintimony.. Tailings stacked apart awniting concentration. The poorest stuff' crushed frotm lnst lot sent contaitedgnldn, equal to 6dwt. per ton. AN I.NTElCaOLONIAL EXlIIITION;. Thoe teition.ot restoring publoi confidenco, in the stability of ourcolony andtrevivifying: all those important producing and manu facturing interests, which from. a variety of causes hnxa fallen into.a stnat of stagnatton,. has seriously occupied tile minds of our. leading statesmen and commeroial mgnates... Meetings have been held and the matter.. carefully threshed out. Aftec mature con-. elderation it has, been unanimously decided that no better' tonic, eanu e administered. tihanan latercoloninl Wine, bFuit,?.rain and. Goenoal Products Exhibition, The idea. once promulgated inns been taken up with entusilasm. Iloa Excellency the Governor,. wvith that lively interest whicnholhens always; manifested in the affatirs, of thecolony, at once consented to bccomeoa patron, anld his. examplo has been followed by the Governors. of the other colonies, the heads of tli. rilneipal denominations, and a number of leading citiens,. Under the presidency of Sir George Verdon, K.O.LI,0., a powerful onecutive has been formed, having joined with themt fm the control of nifairs, n numerous body of producers, manufacturers and others, who will act as sectional commaittecs. Dispensing entirely with the pernicious systela of milking the state cow,. tihe necessary funds have boeen guarnteed by these gentlemen, and it has been decided to. make no chargo for space. Tih exhibitilo will be openedc on the 23?n Marcih next, in the Metbourne Exhibittion Bilding, and tho. boon of free carriage of exhibits has bean grmnted by tlRe llway Department, A. mnagnificent opportunity is tlhu offered of stimulnnting the development of our national resources, our products will be shown in friendly rivalry with those of our Austral asian noeghbours, and surely the benefits of federation could not be better demonstrated than by such an objpct lesson as this gatherling will afford. In every way it is to be commetulcd. It is pleasant to note that. the scheme has received the support andt active co-operation of thei arious agri cultural and horticnltural associntions, as well an of kindred institution such as the. Beckeepcr's Association, tihe Victoriann Dog and Poultry Society, and the various butter factories and creameries, In short we cannob urge in too strong teroms the importanneco this district being thoroughly ropreseCntd. As pointed out, the cost of the exhibitor is nnothing, and he will at the samet time panrtlilpate in tihe wanrl of a usunl medal and diploma. Further informath ncan bo obtained on application to the Feortntry,, Mr. D, .i, Cameron, Exhibition Ilullding., to whom application for space musthbe seati. by slet March, SHOWS. The Diamond Creek Horticultural Society's annual show will be held on the 16th prox., and the Heidelberg annual show on the 22nd prox. The prize lists will be issued from this office in the course of a few days. CI/OSST CtHURCIH, WIIITTLESA. In the report of the annual meeting of this church, which appeared in our issue of the 3rd inst., the namc of Air. Leslie Clarke, of Linton Grange, lazelglen; was omitted from the list of vestrymen. CHRISTMtAS HILLS. A mass meeting. is proposed to be held at the Hall, Christmas Hill, on Monday evening next, to consider what steps are to be taken to relieve and assist the sufferers by the recent bushflrs which have been to disas trous in this locality, and to endeavour to form a league to help one another at all tiames of necessity. S MUSICAL MAsQOEnADBs. The public of Kangaroo Ground will have a chance next Friday evening of enjoying a treat in the shape of a musical entertaln mnent which will be givei in tilhe local hall by a company of first-class artists. We need only mention the well.known names of Ifr. W. 11. Woodfield and Mr. Edwin Kelly to give an idea of the quality of the programme to be rendered. The two gentlemen named have performed recently at thle Exhibition, Melbourne; with great sucoess I and ,ilr. Woodfield, moriover, is not a stranger to the diestrict, his ilne voice having materially assisted to success several concerts at Elhoam and elsewhere. r 4 PARA~n ELL 1'q TUB REV, D.D PRASER. A correspondent \irites:-" On Wednes. day, let .inst., a farewell meeting was ten dered (by the ladies of Scots' Church, Helddlberg) to the Iev., D. Fraser, their pastor, who hat gone a trip for the benefit of his long.failing health. By the large number that were present at the meeting it shows what high esteem the above reverend gentleman is held in. In the course of the meeting Mlr. John Donaldson presented Mr. Fraser with a cheque amounting to 185 guineas. Mr. Fraser replied in feeling terms and thanked the ladies heartily for taking such an active part in the late basar. lRecitatlops, songs, &e.;, were In. dulged in, after which refreshments were handed around. On the following Saturday quite as large a circle of friends met on the Port Melbourne pler, and as tihe Austral steamed away into the deep waters of Port Phllllp, some mrry voices started the well known song, ' For ho's a jolly good fellow,' to check the tears of the many dear friends Sir, Fraser left behind." , LAST. WEEr's USinH-FIRUS. Fortunately tile disastrous bush-fires which broke out yesterday week were not favoured by wind after that day, conse. quently they gradually died out. On that day, however, the damage done by fires, throughout the whole colony almost, was heartrendlng, and even resulted,. In olne instance, in a sad fatality-a child in the Upper Yarra district being burnt to death. F?om reports to hand, it would appear that the County of (Evelyn suffered the most of ally part.of the colony, destructive fres occurring at Diamond Creek, Christmas Ilill?, Klnglake, and the Upper Yarra dis tricts, the alount of damage donse being something enormous,' amounting to thousands of pounds. Numbers of houses were burnt to the ground, and many people rendered homeless, and possibly ruined, We notice tile Chrstmas Hills people intend to hold a meeting for the purpose of devising ways and means of rendering assistance to the sufferers ill that distelrt, and we presume other centres of polalation will follow In their laudable footsteps, RBEYIBION COURT, EPPING. A court for revising the general list and ratepayers' lists for the Epping Division of Bourke East was held at the Court Ilouse, Shire Hall, Epplig, o lFrldiay, 1rd lset., lMajor artrop being the presiding judge., Under the Purification of tihe Rolls Act a large number were objected to by thoudis trict Electoral Inspector, including a numbor of our German follow colonists, who hadl to.produce their naturalitation pRlrcs. They were equal 'to the occansion, and stimulated by Mr. Gottlib IE. Schulta and the Shire Secretary nearly all produced the necessary documents, there being only two absentes. SBone of the docunenlts were more than 40 years old and bore the signature of the late Sir Edmond Barry. A large number who appeared to have left the district were erased frou the general lists of electors' rights. There being no names to add, nor any names to remove, nor clerical errors to amend op the ratopayors' lists, the presiding judge referred to the fact and said that it was crgditablo to-tthe Shire Secretary (Mr, Ryan). 'Tho presiding judge stated that a special court would bhe held at Whittlesean t 10 n.m, 2nd March, 1893, and that an order it council would be pro S vided for that date WIITTLEBEA RAILWAY. SThe Aetingfiti ay Conimissioncets made a visit of unspdctlon over the Whittlesoa line ontucsday last, nsad were met at the South .Yan Yean station by the l'resldeout of the Shiroe (Mr. John Daniel, J.1'.), Coancillor James Morrls, Secretary Ryan, Surveyor Lockwood, Dr. A. Sautherland, Mr. William M'Laughlin, and other residents.' The fol lowing requests wero. submitted by Mlr, ynan :-Cattle trucking yards at the SWhlttlesea and Yan Yean stations ; restoring the 2.40 p.m. train to Whittloses on Satur. days I exoursion trains and fares to Whittle sea on Saturdays during summer months, Stime to be arranged; cattle pits to be re moved or dealt withso as to avoid accidents; removing gate-houses to sites in a more sanitary condition I assisting the Councll in construction of portion of the roadway leading into. the station, east side, and some repairs on tile picoe of roadway near M?i. Rynn's, leading into the station from the main road; and lI chains of extending the fencing at tile white gate. The Com mlssioners gave dueo attention to the various. requests mentioned, and iutimnated that they would give the whole dueo consideratoun ..',---when preparing the railway estimateft The abovecnmed gentlemen accompanied the Commrisaonors to WVhittlsea sltalion. 