'93 AND '94 To-morrow we will leave behind us another milestone in the journey of life. The next stage will be entered upon wearily enough by most people. So much effort has been expended in the endeavor to keep up throughout the stage that is just about to come to an end, that stocks of the vital force of hope are decreasing so rapidly that people will enter upon the new year, in many cases with heavy hearts. When, a year ago, we were just in the act of leaving 1892 behind us, we were rash enough to express the belief that the then coming year would have more of brightness about it than the receding one. It is a matter of dismal history to-day how that prediction was not fulfilled. Even the 'oldest inhabitant' is unable to point to a time in Aus- tralia when things were worse than they were during the present year. For years the affairs of the colonies have been in the hands of men either ignorant or worse, who sowed abundantly to the wind. During the last year we set about reaping the whirlwind. We haven t finished yet, and it is this knowledge that causes a wide felt feeling of apprehension to be experienced as we pass through the portals of 1894. Australia was never fuller of trouble than it is to-day. It would almost seem as though all the rulers over the dominions of evil had entered into a league to whip us with scorpions at one and the same time. Financial distress is rampant amongst those we are accustomed to call the higher class. That means curtailment of expenses and a pocketing of pride of which the most bitter heartburnings are an inseparable attendant. The same malady has lighted upon the middle classes, too, and people who were living in easy comfort, and who believed that so long as they liked to put forth a reasonable effort, they would command enough of this world's gear to keep themselves and their's free from the canker of care, are now engaged in a fierce struggle to avoid being trodden underfoot. " Financial distress,' too — but in this case it amounts to and is called ' poverty' — exists in its intensest forms amongst those who at all times find the battle for existence a toler- ably hard one; and the dawning of each day brings hundreds of men and their wives and children face to face with absolute want, and, in some cases, sheer starvation. Dull, aching anxiety seems to be, in short, the normal condition of the whole of the people at the present juncture. Usually, it is the weak who have this experience. The strong go on with- out much doubt as to winning an adequate reward. Now, however, in the general whirl of trouble, even the strong feel cowed. The battle is so desperate that even strong men quail and feal fearful of the result. And no wonder. In the hurricane that burst upon us during the first half of the year, men and institutions whom we had fondly imagined to hold impregnable positions, went down like card-houses. In the convulsions of a whole community the puniness of individual strength was revealed. It is no wonder, we say, that even the strong have been and are still afraid. Superadded to pecuniary troubles — which after all, gross reflection as the statement may be upon the race, are responsible for more than half of the world's total sum of misery — other ills are apparently clustering closer than usual. The mad frenzy of speculation and dishonest booming that brought about the financial col- lapse, is responsible for more trouble. It did so much in the undermining of' men's morals, that individuals hither- to regarded as removed far beyond the reach of suspicion, have fallen from positions of social eminence down to the terribly low level on which the convicted felon does his daily round. The moral tone of the community has sunk so low that we have ceased to feel surprise at the detection of dis- honesty on the part of those who hitherto were regarded as the 'highest in the land.' Australia, broadly speaking, is at the present moment, a financial and moral wreck. Financial and moral collapse bring many things in their train — ills which have to be borne by unfortunates who are not the authors of them. Homes have been broken up by the default of men who form no part of them. Hearths have been desolated and hearts have been broken by a false step on the part of the heads of families, hitherto the honored aud trusted of the whole community. The circle of trouble caused by one act of wrong has widened and widened, as the circles caused by the casting of the smallest of pebbles in a hitherto placid lake widen and widen, until, soon, they touch the edges of some other, circle similarly created, when the surface of the whole lake becomes broken by many eddies which have started from different centres. Such is briefly the appearance of the face of society to-day throughout Aus- tralia. It is hardly calculated to beget an enthusiastic hope in respect to the coming year. It is rather prone to make the phrase ' A Happy New Year' ring something like the mocking of a cynic. The one satisfactory feature about the present unhappy condition of things is that it is the result of con- ditions that are capable of alteration. Never did a country afford a more thorough proof of the truth of the maxim that ' the wages of sin are death.' Australia has sinned. It has by its legislation held out pre- miums for dishonest and sharp prac- tices. Its people, for some time, in the haste to get rich, have been en- gaging in a Bacchanalian orgy of con- scienceless speculation. It could have but one result. A community cannot live while the lines on which it at- tempts to proceed are for each one in it to seek to live at the expense of each other one. Progress and wealth can only take place as the result of honest iniustrious, concentrated labor. Whether or not the laws of the com- munity make labor the only title to wealth, certain it is — so certain, that no attemps can obscure the law — that wealth can only bs produced by labor. A community cannot be en- riched by speculation. It can enrich itself only by work. The hope for the future lies, then, in this : That the power of wealth production in Australia remains undiminished. There has been no curse of barren- ness laid upon the land. All that requires to be done is to make just the conditions under which wealth pro- duction may be engaged upon. If the opportunity be made for ever- anxious labor to set itself to work, the present unsound conditions must dis-appear. With increased produc- tion comes increased wealth. By in- creasing its wealth, and only by that, can a country become rich. It ought to be plain to everyone that the more easily accessible we make the store house in which Nature keeps her in- exhaustible treasure, the more trea- sure will be taken from it. Let the treasure house remained locked, and give the key into the keeping of people who have the right to refuse to give it up until those who must eventually have access to the wealth-repository in order to get that which is necessary to their subsitence, accede to their terms, which, in the nature of things, must continually get harder, and what must be the result ? What can be the result ? The lesson that Australia has to learn is clear. Pros- perity can be restored only by in- creasing the country's wealth. An increase in wealth production can be best ensured by making the passive factor in wealth production — the land — accessible to the active factor — labor. This conjunction is abso- lutely necessary to production. On the terms upon which labor is free to engage in production depends whether the conditions of the people generally are good or bad. This is the problem which the people of Australia have to solve. It is the riddle of Sphinx. Not to answer it is to bow our heads continually in humiliation and shame such as has been our portion during the year of which to-morrow is the last day. To return the true an- swer, to find the solution of the pro- blem, is to abolish the causes which have bronght about the present crop of troubles which the majority of the Australian people are to-day en- gaged in reaping. This is the lesson which the old year puts before us. Profiting by it should be the task we set ourselves for the new year. The appointment of Mr .J. F Willans as returning officer for the new Murrumbidgee electorate will be heard of with satisfaction by district people for mere than one reason, one of which is that it is unlikely that a man more fitted for the position could have been obtained, and another because it definitely settles the vexed question as to which town in the electorate was to be the chief polling place. Mr John Witcombe has been ap- pointed returning ofiicer for the Hay elec- torate, Mr George Coleman for Wagga, and Mr Thomas Wise for the Murray. Attention is directed to an advertisement elsewhere requesting that all who have ticket books in connection with the hospital art-union will furnish returns of same to the secretary immediately. Owing to the num- berless demand which have recently been made upon the public in the interests of the institution, and the combination of general causes just now operating in an adverse manner, it is not expected that all the tickets will be disposed of. The committee, how- ever, intend to have the art-union drawn immediately returns of ticket sales are in their hands, irrespective of the number of tickets sold. This means that the chances of those who may have taken tickets in the art-union will be greatly increased. A man named Oxley murdered his wife and three children on Christmas morning at Adelaide, and then committed suicide. The murders were committed with a tomahawk. A verdict that the tragedy was performed while Oxley was temporarily insane was returned. No less than 147 persons were presented at the Central Police Court on Tuesday morning on various charges. It took Mr Giles. S. M., forty minutes to dispose of them. Of the number named, 82 were charged with drunkenness, and were all fined 5s each. The performance constitutes a re- cord in Sydney courts. The annual lease recently held by A. G. Humby in the county Cooper, parish Ya'go- gring has lapsed, in consequence of non-pay - ment of rental. It was announced in our last issue that Mr G. H.Reid, leader of the Opposition, would shortly proceed to Berrigan, in re- sponse to an invitation from the Farmers Union of that place, to address a meeting there on the subject of freetrade, and that he would probably speak at Narandera en- route. Arrangements for Mr Reid's visit have since been completed. He will arrive in Narandera on Wednesday morning, and he will deliver an address in the Public Hall the same evening, dealing principally with the subject of freetrade. The public need hardly be told that Mr Reid enjoys the re- putation of being the best political platform speaker in New South Wales, a fact that should I ensure the hall being packed from floor too ceiling on Wednesday night, by per- sons of every shade of political belief. Following are the results of the sale of town allotments at Grong Grong on 23rd inst. :— County Bourke, parish Lupton : Lot 1, section 29, upset price £10 10s, Daniel Hogau ; lot 4, section 29, upset price £8 10s, Michael Carroll; lot 5, section 23, £13 (upset price £12 10s), Peter O'Malley ; lot 6, section 29, upset price £8 10s, John Kennedy ; lot 7, section 29, £8 10s (upset price £0 10s), John Nicholls; lot 8, section 29, £6 12s 6d (upset price £6 10s), Frederick Barling ; lot 9, section 29, £8 (upset price £6 10s)r Maria Clarke ; lot 10, section 29, £10 (upset price £7 10s), Patrick O'Connor ; lot 6, section 30, upset price £12 10s, John Alfred Pleming ; lot 3, section 37, upset price £4 10s, Owen M'Grath ; lot 1, section 38, upset price, £5 10s, Sarah Ann Catlin ; lot 2, section 38, £4 15s (upset price £4 10s), Sarah Ann Catlin ; lot 5, sec- tion 38, £4 12s 6d (upset price £4 10s), Francis Joseph Flood ; lot 1, section 39, upset price, £8 10s, John Andrew ; lot 14, section 52, upset price £62 10s, Alexander Spiers. Couuty Bourke, parish Berrembed : Lot 3, section 57, £6 2s 6d (upsot price £5 10s), William Henry Pleming ; lot 5, section 57, upset price £5 10s, Margaret Molloy ; lot 8, section 57, upset price £5 10s, George Montgomery Seton ; lot 8, section 69, £6 10s (upset price £5 10s), Matilda Halbish; lot 10, section 69, £7 2s 6d (upset price £5 10s). Patrick O'Connor ; lot 7, section 70, £6 10s (upset price £5 10s), James William Lees ; lot 2, section 71, £6 2s 6d (upset price £5 10s), Patrick Walsh. A number of lots were not sold. The festivities at Jackson's Waterholes on Boxing night were a brilliant success. The concert was crowded to excess, to such an extent, in fact, that it took the whole of the capacity of the hall to provide seating accom- modation for the fair sex, nearly the whole of the men having to remain satisfied with the privileges conferred by an outside ticket, windows and doors remaining open in order, that the disadvantages labored under by that class of ticket holder might be reduced to a minimum. The concert went smoothly from end to end, all the performers acquitting themselves admirably. The ball-room was simply packed, but notwithstanding the crush of dancers, all of them appeared to succeed in enjoying themselves thoroughly. Although the night was warm dancing was continued until long after daylight, just as though there were no such thing as a ther- mometer on the premises. Refreshments of the very best sort were provided, and for the manner in which she carried out that depart- ment of the work in connection with the gathering, Miss Rogers is entitled to the very highest encomiums. At the Police Court on Wednesday, 27th, before the P.M., Samuel Hayes, was charged with having insufficient lawful visible means of support. Constable Mason arrested the accused in the afternoon of Christmas Day, while in the act of taking liquor to the blacks camp. The accused was well, but not favorably, known to the police, having on two or three occasions been cautioned. He had been before the bench several times, and had served a sentence of six months. During the last six months he had not done anything for a livelihood, nor had he any place of abode. Accused was sentenced to six months imprisonment in Cootamundra gaol. REFERRING to a letter in our last issue from our correspondent ' Philomenostatos' on ' The Mathematics of Pony Measuring,' ' Outis' in the 'Sydney Daily Telegraph' writes : — In one of the country newspapers the other day I came across a remarkable letter in which the writer suggested that as so many people in this colony live far and by sport in the turf sense, schoolmasters should instruct their pupils scientifically with re- gard to the calculations of distances, weights, and odds. He then proceeded to show how simple and exact a matter the measuring of a pony is to the mathematical mind, and how the shady machinations of galloway sharps to make such a pony seem less or more can be defeated by the proper education of our boys. For instance : ' Suppose, when measuring a horse, the clamp of sliding-rod be so worn, or so badly constructed as to al- low a deviation of half an inch, and allowing it to have 9in of a grip, and that the arm is 3ft long:, a bonus or detraction of 2in can be worked. But with a spirit level, however much the play at the bottom or top of the clamp, the give and take depends on the play of the false upright, and unless sloped at a palpably gross inclination the variation is in- finitesimal, being only the length of the arm multiplied by the the sine of the angle of de- flection of the standard.' If this kind of knowledge should get abroad, and every turf speculator became able to ' square the pro- per height, subtract the square of the road, and extract square root of remainder,' thus ascertaining the ' creep' of a pony, there would be no use in anyone trying to fool him. But the man who could "square" the owner would be more likely to come out right on his book. To make knowledge of this kind effective in a busines way, it would have to be supplemented by an accurate cal- culation of the pressure of villainy per inch upon the soul of 'the stable,' and the foot- pounds of ' pull' a given jockey could exert for a given number of pocket-pounds if the creep of the pony wasn't creepy enough. The holidays, like most holidays, were marred by accidents in various parts of the colony, but one at Kiama stands out from the rest by reason of the number of lives lost, and the lesson that it teaches, coming so soon after the recent Sydney boating fa- tality, as to the risks taken by people with an insufficient knowledge of the management of small craft when they go upon the water, A holiday party consisting of eight persons, went out on the Minnemurra river in a flat bottomed boat. They pulled down to the mouth of the river, when one of the oars broke, and the boat drifted hoplessly out to sea. It upset in an eddy, and in a moment all the occupants were struggling wildly for their lives. The persons in the boat were Captain Thomas Honey, Mrs Honey, Mr and Mrs Geo. Wood and their three children, ranging from 9 to 12 years of age, and a Miss Pyke. Of the whole number only Mrs Wood was saved. She was taken from the top of the upturned boat in a very exhausted condition. Mr Wood swam three-quarters of a mile, when, 150 yards from the breakers, he was reached by two young men who had swam out to his rescue. Wood was then in the last stages of exhaustion, and, he being a heavy man, the weight of his body was too much for them, and when they got it to the shore life had left it. The bodies of Miss Pyke and two of the children were recovered, but all efforts to restore animation were un- availing. The body of Captain and Mrs Honey and Harry Wood have not yet been found. Mr Honey and Mr Wood were both farmers in the Kiama district, the former being commander of the local volunteers, and district coroner. The recovered bodies were brought to land amid this most heart- rending scenes. Mr and Mrs Honey leave a large family of children, who were only left on shore because there was not room for them in the boat. A SCHOOLMASTER at the Glebe attempted suicide the other day by injecting morphia into his thigh. He was discovered in an unconscious condition in time for his restor- ation to be effected. Befere making the attempt, he had written the words, ' Is life worth living?— No.' If the heads of the people of New South Wales could be counted just now, there would be found quite a number who would return the same answer to the question, even though they had not the necessary courage to furnish such con- clusive evidence of the sincerity of their beliefs as the apparently sincere schoolmaster did. THE services at S. Thomas' Church on Sunday will be at 11 and 8 p.m. The even- ing service will be choral and the anthem will be repeated. At 11.30 the usual mid- night service will be held. It is our happy duty to report a remark- able change in the weather. On Friday of last week the thermometer gave the record as 100 degrees. On Saturday it showed 104 degrees, while on Sunday the mercury climbed up to 107 degrees. On Monday the weather was still sultry, the register being 94 degrees, dropping down to 92 degrees on Tuesday, and rising to 92 degrees on Wed- nesday. On Wednesday afternoon a change came, first dust, then rain. During the night no less than 90 points of rain were registered locally. Thursday was a very cold day, the thermometer going down as low as 50 degrees. During Thursday night there was a violent wind storm, the strength of which was sufficient to up-root trees of no weak growth in some parts of the town. The wind was accompanied by rain, the fall dur- ing the night being 67 points, bringing the total up to rather more than an inch and a half. The rainfall, although it cannot be re- garded as of very much value for pasture purposes, will serve the useful purpose of staying the bush fires for sometime. The rain is general throughout the district and the colony. THE number of stock treated at the Na- randera Chilling and Boiling Works for the quarter ending with the present year, is ex-- pected to reach about 112,000. Enough sheep are already booked for export to keep the chilling operations going til 20th January, and for boiling till the first week in February. One of the finest consignments for export has just been treated from North Yanco Station, some of the sheep weighing about 70 lb after being dressed for freezing. As this mutton will be shipped during January, it is expected they will reach London about the right time to meet the best sales, so that good returns are hoped for. A SMALL new supplement is published with this issue. Our readers will also receive with same a calender for 1894. The next issue of "The Argus" will be on Tuesday, Janu- ary 9. As announced elsewhere, the first half yearly general meeting of the Farmers' Union will be held on Thursday next, 4th January. 'TRUTH' speaks thus unkindly of two local aspirants for Parliamentary honors :— ' You scratch me, I scratch you. The 'Worker' lately ruled by Rae, M.L.A., says Ashton, no Labor man, would make a mode member for Hay. Ashton owns a paper at Narandera, in Rae's electorate, and says ditto.' ' Truth' evidently loses sight of one important factor. Rae's and Ashton's views are in the main very similar; and when one man's policy agrees with another man's policy, the two concerned are bound to look upon each other as holding correct views. So after all the matter hardly rises to the remarkableness of even a coincidence. The birth of a lusus natural is reported locally— a chicken with an eye in the middle of its head, and a beak on either side. WHILE the Darington Point races were proceeding on Tuesday, the smoke of a bush fire was seen in the direction of Kerarbury. There was an immediate exodus of all the station people present, who were ready to combine in putting it out, wherever it might be burning. The fire proved to be on Kerar- bury, and it is said to have been at one time five miles wide. No particulars are yet to hand. At the time the smoke was seen from the racecourse, Mr Gray, manager of Kerar- bury, was relating to a friend the history of a fire which had visited the station only a day or two previously, and which had con- sumed some thousands of acres of grass ' Talk of the,' etc. MR. W. G. ELWIN, who went to the lock- up under a seven day's sentence on Friday of last week, in consequence of his refusal to enter into a bond of £20 to keep the peace for six months, was liberated on the follow- ing morning, the necessary bond being en- tered into. A correspondent writes : — The Church of England people, at Whitton, took advantage of the race meeting to hold a bazaar in aid of the building fund of their church. They hoped to have a large crowd of people of the right sort for a bazaar but to their great disappointment nine out of every ten of the visitors belonged to the spieling fraternity. Never was such a small number of respectable people seen at a Whitton race meeting, and never such a large crowd of spielets ; and spielets do not patro- nise bazaars. The bazaar, as far as can be learned, cannot be pronounced a success. But I am told there will be a fair balance in hand after all expenses are paid , and a large number of useful articles, which it is hoped will be disposed of shortly at a little under bazaar prices. For a small place like Whitton, the disposal of articles was very good. There were two stalls arranged on the side of the hall, laden with pretty and useful things, suitable for Christmas presents, at which Mrs Blatchford, Miss Nobbs, Miss Chapman, Miss Bassett, Miss Driver, and Miss Lauey did a fair amount of business. At one end of the hall there was a refresh- ment stall, at which Miss Nash disposed of iced drinks to thirsty mortals. In the centre of the hall was a Christmas tree illuminated with Chinese lanterns. The bazaar was opened two nights. STOCKOWNERS are reminded that to-day is the last day for furnishing their returns to the inspector of stock or C.P.S. The accident which we reported in our last issue at having occurred to Andrew M'Graw at the Whitton races, has, we regret to say, ter minated fatally. While returning from the races, the horse M'Gaw was riding bolted, and running amongst some timber, the rider's head was struck against the bough of a tree, inflicting a very ugly wound. Whether the skull was fractured or not could not be determined by those who were imme- diately in attendance upon him. The in- jured man was at once removed to Confoy's hotel, and next morning Dr Mitchell was telegaphed for. On arrival, the doctor found that the skull was fractured, and that the patient's condition was then hopeless, death taking place within an hour of the doctor's arrival. M'Gaw was at one time a resident of Narandera, and, after leaving here, was for a long time licensee of the Hulong hotel Whitton. He leaves a widow and three children totally unprovided for. The Whitton people are benevolently taking up the cause of the bereaved ones, and a concert in their behal is being ar- ranged for New Year's Night. The Revision Court under the New Elec- toral Act will be held on 19th January next. All men competent to exercise the franchise should ascertain whether their names are on the list, and, if not, take the necessary steps to secure their addition. At the Police Court last Saturday, John Newton, on remand, was charged with steal- ing a pair of trousers and two white coats, valued at 26s, the property of Sam Hing and Co. The evidence of Constable O'Rourke who arrested the prisoner, as given the pre- vious day- when the prisoner was sentenced to fourteen days for stealing two hats from F. S. Hodge — was that from information re- ceived, he went to the Chinese camp, and ob- tained from a Mrs Smith the trousers and coat produced. Lee Chun, manager for Sam Hing and Co, identified the clothing before the court as being the property of Sam Hing and Co, which had been taken from their store in East-street. Mrs Smith, of the Lower Chinese Camp, recognised the clothing produced as being that which she bought from the prisoner on the previous Thursday for 4s, and afterwards handed to Constable O'Rouke. Accused pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Cootamundra goal. THE Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York is, as statistical returns prove, the largest institution of its kind in the world. To mark the completion of its first half century's business it has introduced new and desirable forms of life and investment policies, which are being extensively issued. As will be seen by advertisement in another column, this com- pany is prepared to appoint a flrst-class local agent for Narandera and surrounding district and applications for the position can be for- warded to Z. C. Rennie, General Manager 131 Pitt-street, Sydney. 