THE BUSH FIRES IN THE COUNTRY;. —: AVARRAGUL.' SATnenkY.." Tho weather has been hot to-day, and ' tho placo is surrounded by smoke. A large bush fire is raging in the Neerira Ranges, nearDrouin North, and several selectors in that laoality, who are gatheringin their crops, are greatly alarmed. ob tlio fire is nearing their homesteads. The eountry between Rokeby and Neerim South has been overrun by tho flames, and tho main road is strewn with fallen trees. Mr. Stuart Little, farmer, of Muddy Oreok, has had his crops and foncos burnt, and Mr. Johnson, . of Neerim South, narrowly escaped being burnt out. It was with tho greatest difficulty that he saved his crops and homestead, after losing a considerable quantity of grass and fenaing. Extensive and destructive fires raged on Thursday and Friday between Drouin Sonth and Poowong. MANSFIELD, 10th February. Fires are still raging in this vieinity, and the eountry ell round presents the appearance of a desert. It is estimated that 20,000 aoree of grass are destroyed in the Maindample and Bon nie Doon direotion and 10,000 acres on Delatite. The fire at Maindample is supposed to have boen caused by a ewagsman, and ivae first dis covered by Mr. Finkelstein, president of the Mansfield shire, whose grass was all burnt, and whoso homestead was in great danger. Messrs. Friday and Cash- man, while engaged in firo fighting, had a narrow escape with their lives, being hemmed in by a sudden rush of flame. Many sheep aro suffer ing groat agony from burns, a number being quite blind. Stacks, straw and bags of oats have also boon consumed. Parties are still out engaged in extinguishing the fires and kocping watoh over places not yet touched. It is cur rently reported that 3000 sheep on Wapp&n; station ana 300 belonging to Mr. Kennedy have hA»n rnnsti-d to death, but until musterino taken place the truth of the report cannot be ascer tained. YEA, 10th February. A succession of buBh fires has swept over the country, and it is estimated that tho best part of 1000 square miles of country has been under fire. A fire, which started near the Doagalaok Hotel, swept through Dairy Greek and burnt the grass in all the paddocks for miles around, the houses of the farmers being only saved by the greatest exortions of men who gathered from milos around to fight the flames. The homesteads of Messrs. Vanderplank, Downie, M'Leish and Rice were burnt to the ground, and the stook belonging to Messrs. MKenzie and Vanderplank wore destroyed. Old residents aver that it is tho worst nre tna; lias oeiauen tnis aisirioc ror 20 years. The Homewood Croamcry will probably havo to oloso up, as nearly all the milk suppliers have lost their grass. At Gathkin and up towards Mansfiold tlio flames raged with equal intensity. A fire wliioh started on tho ranges at Dropmore bore down on Kobyboyn, threatening Switzerland and the northern aide of the Goulburn River. Another big firo started at the King Parrot Creek, tho smoke from which could be seen 12 miles away. It is difficult to get at tho actual losses, but many thousands of pounds aro involved, as graziers will have to sell their cattle and sheep for anything they will fetch, and perhaps have to re-stook when the markets are near. SWAN HILL, 10th February. Bush fires are raging in sovoral parts of the mallee. Two teams of Mr. Lasocllcs, heavily laden with goods for Tyrrell Downs station, whilst passing through the mallee were over taken by the fire. The waggons and goods wore all destroyed, tho drivers just having time to save the horses. Tho damage Is estimated at about £150. ALBURY, lOm FERnuARY. Bush fires aro raging in different portions of tho immediato vieinity of Albury. The fire at Woomargama is still burning fiercely and taking all before it. Anotbor largo firo ia burn ing at Bungowannah. The sun to-day is almost completely obsoured by the smoke from theso fireB, and it is impossible to soo bills only 2 miles distant. Passengers by tho Melbourne express last night state that largo fires wero burning at soveral plaoeB along tho lino. EGERTON, Sunday. Bush fires for several days past havo been raging a few-'raiibs distant' from the -township, both to tho south, east west, aiid although numbers of willing -hands wero available to - fight tlie flames, a considerable amount of fei,c- nig and some thousands of acres of grass havo been destroyed. Amongst those who have suf fered most aeverely.nre Messrs. Anderson, aeu„ F. Carroll, Cliisltolm, Miss L. Beckinann and other fanners. Ina westerly direction, Messrs.'-' Fisken,. Downey,- -Forshaw anil neighboring farmers have lost muoh fencing and a consider able acreage of grass. . Easterly there have becu , other .' fires, but all arc now under control, ' although olose watoh is being kept lest a fresh conflagration- should take place. LILLYDALE, sunday. The fires continued burning during Friday night and 'until late yesterday afternoon at Mr. D. Mitahcll's Stringyhark Estate, when tlicv were finally got under control and driven in an easterly direotion. Tho firo has made sad havoc in the Olinda Valley, many miles of pasture and fencing being destroyed. Dr. Singleton's house on the summit of the westerly point of the Dandenong Ranges was completely demolished on Thursday afternoon. The . firo must have traversed a largo area on tho south side of the rangos, for large volumes of smoke aro ascend ing in that locality. At Mooroolbark Soutli and along the Oiinda Valley towards Sonth Wandin groat damago lms- boen done to fencing. Messrs. -Wiseman and T. K. Thompson are amongst the worst 'sufferers. Numerous persons have had ' their houses-ami crops destroyed in the distriots of Macolesfield, Beenak and Wnrburton. There - are'ndw signs of tlie fires abating, for the smoke, . which' has been hanging over tlio district for seyoral days, is clearing off, and a chango of weather is anticipated. Mr. C. Baker was not , burned oat, as 'previously reported, but tho fires came within a short distance of his house. < .. AY.OCA, Monday. Largo bush fires in this distriat have destroyed - over 500 acccs of grass and fencing, and are likely tp do. jnora damage before they are got under control. , " HipPEtiODN, Monday. An extensive bush fire was raging yesterday afternoon aiid up to 2 o'cioek this hioruing. The fire was on Dr. Hone's mallee block, about 300 aores being burnt. A large body of men assisted to extinguish the firej'but they bad a strong . wind to contend against." WELSHPOOL, 10th February. Bushfires on Thursday, the 9th inst., in the South Gippsland district caused a large amount of damage. In the parish of West Alberton, two old settlers, Dunne and Hicky, wore com pletely burned out, losing everything but live stook; others lost fencing andorops. At Welsh pool and Toora a fire swept from the Agnes River to the Nino Mile Creek, 6 miles, destroy ing a large amount of fencing, but little grass was destroyed, being too green to burn, the fire in this instance leaping from tree to tree ; great difficulty was experienced in saving buildings. At Mr. Lamont's, on the Agnes, all the outhouses were consumed. At Mr. Gregory's, Mr. Ireland, the butcher, lost his skin shed, con taining some £9 worth. At Mr. Vinning's extraordinary exertions preserved the buildings and stack of hay, but Mr. Vinning's eyes were so seriously injured by the smoke, that he has been almost totally blind since. Every settler without exception on the course of the fire has lost more or less fencing, and as they are all suppliers to the Welshpool Creamery, much difficulty is experienced in keeping up the supplies, as the whole district is at present one paddock. It is many years since we havo ex perienced such a serious bush fire as the present one, and it is all the more remarkable that up to the date of the fire there was little prospect of a burn. In the parish of Wonge, Messrs. Brawn, Doran, Henning and CIeary were the principal sufferers, the two first named losing their dwellings, while the others lost fences, grass and crops, badly damaged where not com pletely destroyed. At Foster but for a change in the direction of the wind, which was blowing a gale from the north in the forenoon, changing to west after 1p.m., the west side of the town, would have been completely destroyed. Much difficulty was experienced in saving the outlaying houses, which took fire several times. 