WHITTLEBSEA SHIRE 'OUNOIL. The ordinary monthly meeting. of this- Council was held at the Council, Chambers, Yan .Yean, ouMoiday last. Present --Ors. 1)aniel .(President), Reid, Morris,. Bassett, TIhounas, 'Andrew, Harmer, and Murphy...,. , The minutes of the previous meeting were .rend and confirmed and outward eorrespondence npproved of .. CO: ORESPONIEoNG? ' From the Shire of. Avon,? 'a the Indian hawker nuisande, reqoiesting that the 'matter be placed before the parliamenttanry representative with 'a view *to abolish or. modify this dan. gerous and menacing evil. It was agreed, upon: the motion of Or. Thomas, seconded by the'President, that the Council extend '.its support when tho'question is submitted to Par. liument. From the Metropolitan Board of Works, in reply to tho, Council's 're *nuest for theberootion of a standpipo at 'liefoot of the hill, QGirishaw's road, V'an Yean; ilfisrmuing ti?at the pressure wns insinitcienit to supply a standpipe; but' that there would Ise no objection to a trough being erected to be supplied by a hand pump, the Council to bear all costs. It was agreed, upon the motion of Cr. Murphy,' seconded by Cr. 3asseott, that theu oflhr be 'accepted, and that the Surveyor pirovido' the necessary trough and 'plup. ' From the Lands Department,: with reference to the renewal of the license for grazing in 'the drainage area of the oan Yean 'rresrvoir reserve, ieefornthig. that the Metropolitai Board of Works. were written to to. ascortain whetlier there are any objections to the 'rnewal of the license. , The. Treasury, Melbourne,, having roeuised toaccept the rent on the above gracing area,:and the Secretary harving written to, three Government depart. meits se on ,thoe qguesetou5 pointing out the necessity of renewal for the current year, and a0 nearly three monikhs had elapsed' and no notice given, it was resolvnd, on the motion of Cr, Thointms, seconded by the President,' that the Secretarys interview, the Chairman,: of the Melbo?rne and. Metropolitan. Board of Works on Wednesday, From Shire of Avoca,. in reference to the discontinuance of the Govern tobnt'Bonus for collecting agricultural stntistics, informing tlihat a conference to deal with the question' would be held at the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Wednesday, 21th March. On the motion of Or. Thomas, seconrded by Or. Bassett, it was. agreed that the President attend, if convenient, on the day appointed. From Mr. Durham Nicholson, herds man, asking for a reduction of rent, as a large portion of the grazing grounds'had oehenenclosed by the Metro politan Board of Works, In view of 'the. present tehure of occupation being uncertain, the matter was postponed to next meeting. Front John Cooper, Bundoora, asking permission to spread nightsoil on his cultivated land. It was agreed, on the motion'.of Or. Bassett, seconded by Or, Hlarmner, that pbertiusion.. be granted,. subject to the condition that no nuisance arise from the operation, and that the stuff be covered with six inches of soil. From Shire of Eltham, suggesting that a further portion of the road along the main dividing range, eastwards, be cleared. It was pointed out. by the Sur. 'voyor that that portion was not in the Shiro of Whittloeso. The Secretary, howover,'wasa instructed to. inform 'thes Eltham Shire that if ,it was willing to pay the' costs of oleoring the Sur veyor would. endeanvour to arrange with the contractor tinw on the ground tdodo the clearing referred,to. ,'he Surieyr,' on thb motion of Ore.. Murphy ainid' Thosmas, ans isi'thictad to interview M?r. SBhleltz'as'to acquiring land for rend deviation, Linton. It was agreed, on the motion of Cr. Thomas and Bassett, that the drain near Hickey's Corner he cleaned out. On the motion of Crs. Thomas and Bassett, that the extra metal be paid for when all contracts are finished. On the motion of Cr. Reid, seconded by Cr. Murphy, the tender of D. M'Leod, for 10 chains of gravelling, 4 chains formation, and 3 culverts, Arthur's Creek road (£60), was ac cepted. Cheque having been taken down for payment of land compensation, W. Cornell, deviation, Dr.'s Gully road, it was resolved that Mr. Joseph Sabel: berg prepare the necessary transfer, Cornell to the Council. ' It was resolved, on the motion of Or. Thomas, seconded by Or. Andrew, that tenders be called at next meeting for maintenance of main road and Bridge-road, to be divided into sections so as to distribute the work as much as possible. .. The correspondence re the Kilmore Wateororks Trust and divralion of the streams that supply Bruce's Creek extending over 12 months-was read, and after due consideration directed to be transmitted to the standing counel for his ..opinion as to the rights in. volvoed, The late bushfires on the Yan Yean water reserve being referred to, the Secretary, on the motion of'Crs. Reid and Bassett, was instructed to write to tihe Melhourbe Board of ;Works to provide against fires spreading; that some thl:eo chains along the boundary be burned oiles a break. gainst bush fires extending to lands adjoining. On the motion of Or. Murphy, secoonded by the President, certain urgent repairs were ordered to be effteted in.Rourke's Hill, road and Sheonk Hill, Yan Yean.. Or. Harmer drew attention to certain repairs requiring to be:done near the entranoo to Mrs. Mann's .gate, Jane field. . Ordered that inquiry' Le made, and that; the' Engineer see Mr. Wilson on the question. I.:On ,the 'nomion of -Ors. Bassett and Thomas, it was .'decided: thait tenders be called for the works of the neces sary euttingsl:-Iickqy's Corner, Linton, .next, npeting, Proposed by OCr. Reidi seconded by by Cr. Basseott, that the accounts (£385 16s odd) be passed for payment. The: overdraft, including the above, amounted to £944'odd. 