ON THE 8QPTN3RN cqA8t THE BARRAGUNDA-ia$ATE> When close to Cape.^feanck the toad from Dromaaa crossea the low ridge that runs doftn from the range, and here I got my firet glimpse of the ocean. A ehott torn to the left brought tra to a patch 0f Wood. land, in the midst of which is situated Barragunda-houae, the residence of Mr. n Anderson. The .Bite 1b a oharming one being amid a series of abrupt knolls, on which all the native forest trees hare been preserved, while here and there are occa sional European forest trees. The house' is an extensive and oomfortable ratal villa of most attractive appearance. It is "built of the limestone ol the district, which is almost as soft as a new cheese when $rst taken out of the quarry. It hardens on exposure, and to jndge by the older portion of Mr. Anderson's house it will wear well. Though erected, I think, over lb years, it has the appearance of quite a new building, Unlike the soft stone at Warmainbool, there appears to be no sand in the Cape Srfiapefc limestone. About as far from the front of the house as a cricketer conld throw a ball, one reaches the edge of the cliff, which here drops abruptly about 300ft. to the breakers below. The views along the coast are very fine ; to the right and dose at band is Pnlpit Rock, while on the left one sees a series of rugged blnffB extending to the entrance to Western port Bay. In clear weather Phillip Island and Beveral of the ontlying reefs can be seen from this point. A striking feature in this partof the coast is a natural archway through which there is a channel of deep water. The steamers plying along the ooast and the larger ones bound for Sydney pass close by here, and I seemed to .look down on to the deck of one that happened to be passing at the time of my visit It was difficult to realise that what seemed like a small boat was a large "vessel. What might be considered as a drawback to a residence at this spot is that there is no way of getting to theBhore save by going nearly to Cape Schanck light house. . Barragnnda Estate contains about 5,000 acres of undulating land, a large portion of which is composed of a very Bandy loam. Much of the surface near the southern coast is broken into hillocks, having much die ap pearance of the Band hummocka that line the shore. If they , were originally sand hum mocks, the character of the soil has been changed by the dibrie of scrub-plants extend ing over a great many years. The sand has been changed into a kindly loam of a rich, yellow colour, that in the llats being of a darker hue. On the tops of some of the highest knolls the soil is often a very sand; loam. Originally this was a pretty heavily timbered country witha dense undergrowth, bnt the woodman's axe and bush fires have madeagreat alteration since Mr. Anderson-used to ride through this wild country many yean ago after still wilder cattle. A lam portion of the estate is now almost denuded of trees, and the scrub has long»6inoe disappeared, and there is new begriming to be felt a want of some shelter from the- blighting breath of the searching sea winds. Fortunately, the description of tree that will glve the best shelter for stock, and that will thrive in this climate and soil, is well known. Thd Gupressns Lambertiana makes great progress in this free deep soil, and it seems to revel in the strong ooe&n; wind. The handsomest specimensInave seen are growing in the Barragunda garden, while, as a shelter trie, its worth has been proven be yond question on the ooast near Warr nambool. The garden at Barragunda is a -large and most attractive one. At the time jof my visit it was suffering from over two riroiithB' drought, but even then it had a most pleasant appearance. ""In ordi nary seasons the trees are loaded with excel lentiruit, and here flowering Bhrubs attain pp size that I have never Been equalled else* hem. Dry .as the season was,.! saw the lumbago Caperisis towering above a fair fsixed tree that-supported it, and.covered with beaatifal blossoms. Amid the knolls, to the westward of the house the strong west wind had taken a hold of the light soil where some rabbits had burrowed, and there was a danger that the soil - would be gradually blown away. In order to prevent this the summit ot the knoll was planted with buffalo grass. This has effectually pot a stop to the further dis persion of the noil, and for a consider able distance down the aides of the knoll the surface is completely covered by the dense mat ot the buffalo grass. Ihe sheep appear to be fond of this grass, for they Keep it eaten down 'dose, but it stands feeding well, and is ad useful on (he sandy rises that Mr. Anderson has planted it wherever there is the slightest danger of the strong prevailing wind doing any mischief A considerable area of the J and that has been cultivated is laid down in grass. Ryegrass soon disappear*, but cocksfoot thrives admi i rably. ana is evidently one of the best grasses \--if not the very beat grass for this connny. In thiB free, licaer W>U «U ,the clovers grow well, andoowgiau is freqnently met with w the coltavated fields. Looerne has been sown with the grasses, end St appears to nave be; pome firimy established, lhe proporhonao glasses sown to tf» acresretlb. ewshof ire* crpp, while theoocraoptrs nsrdly seen.. tffSS eridS«ani in tK3 oir^3H»e iB •9"*&L;^r«a to be«een, while the cocksfoot gives newy/-cropwf fodder. ■ - . ... :■ ... .. In qtder tbprptfde *2!?£nJof Anderson hasencloae&epawMon; Aetops« several of theriaea^lnllwse «KS 1 there is a gqodwop of wsttJes mniyngnp^ThS load its bark than aaaahelter tree. ^eBheo^h«J grdws to a handsome tee, bat it is ta inferior to ttft l^AertSao* f« g"|g shelter aitf for lastfcijn^ThO n^hle dio ^^2S5M5$S?S5e ft ley htytliW^Nre '$o 1 ?_* ^.S2a horirontti plean8tem& When ther west psghyayfe a»i th^ so strong andtoaA *b*t «o wteta ^ breaktliem. AroiSthegroupof^^. garden were a leWSpteding ^Pl^'.nnlea tbey have,pro^_-r,-T-; Theflodk^^WwpW** well knowato |te ,hfltol>ets In T°L^nced Blia. This bkeedof sbeep.WSS jnnw to the district eboat *> **•*• Anderson, and they have proved so profit able that the Cotswold erodes aretheBheep of a large district in this part , of Victoria. They arc an admirable farmers' sheep, being extremely robust of constitution, of large weftBe, and yielding a heavy fleece of a was from triotion of wool. Mr. Anderson useful qualities, antrnch impressed by their to change his opinion. Thesxet had cause theBarragunda flock always realise tupirom in the Melbourne market^ and the secret o, this pronounced success is that Mr. Ander Bon never overstocks, and his sheep when sent to market are always in prime condition. From the time they are lambed they are never pinched for food, and thus they grow into Bturdyt strong constitutioned Bheep. The culling in this flock has been close from the first, and consequently a handsome type is added to strength of constitution. There is a small stud flock of about seventy breed ing ewes, from the progeny of which ram lambs will be selected lor the market. The sires used are one ram raised in the stud, and one drawn'from the well- known Dreeite flock.' A few years ago Mr. Anderson used_ to grow a few acres of rope for the ,togrowi. of topping off his fat sheep, but o^fatehis' grhss has been bo good'he has grab tip the practice. He is, however, a firm ha*8—-**-lU~ advantages of feeding on rap stock in prime condition. While walking along the edge < noticed that the slopes of green bw>^ to the precipice was scored with sheep and on inquiry I found that the saeefTfi^e particularly fond of grazing on these slopes to the very edge of the cliffs. Sometimes when mustering it is a rather difficult matter to get the sheep off these slopes. It would be a very dangerous task for a man to attempt to drive them off, and to use a dog would likely cause some of the sheep to go over the rocks. When left to themselves, the Bheep are as sure-tooted as goats, and never seem to lose their heads when grazing on the edge of an abrupt descent into the Burf below. At very rare intervals an accident lias happened, but so very rarely as to be scarcely noticed. The country about' here is well watered, but the creeks, all of which fall into the sea on the eastern side of the Cape, run in very deep glens, and this is a draw back to keeping a large garden situated on a height, like that at barragunda. In the old squatting days this district was much troubled with which, for want of a better name, is known as coast disease, but the alteration in the pastures, caused by clearing off tiie forest and scrub, has caused the disease to disappear. Now-a-days one I scarcely hears of such a thing as coast disease in half-a-dozen years. 