STttATHDOWNIB. (From our own Correspondent) March 30. Some seven or eight bushfires were raging in various parts of the district during the past few days, Most of them wore oonnned to the rough country, and were started, doubtless, willi a view to Retting rid of a quantity of fern#, heath, and sundry rubbish of sevnral years growth, Mr, D. MnoDonald, of Htrath. downia West, reports haying had about one mile of fencing de«troyed, Ihe tire originated in the vicinity of Mr. MucDonald'e holding, an)l despite the fact that nine able-bodied men were present, they were powerless to resist the flames, The remainder of the fires did little or no damage, burning off will soon be the order of the day here, Mr, H, Watson reports having lost live good cows through rickets, The cattle in this quarter are in capital order, but there is very little dbraand for them, more especially for in. ferior lines, some of which, I honestly beliuve, would take the smartest dealer in the colony to give away. A. party of oppoaaurn huateru wheu out the other night bagged 37 oppoasuina, three native cats, one bandicoot, and several squirrels. An old friend has shown me a oircular which purports to emanate from a certain company that oilers to make you a crayon portrait free of charge upon receipt of photo. The only consideration required ia that the recipient shall exhibit the picture to his friends " and promise to have the same qeatly framed,1' The litlle game ia net disclosed in the first circular, The reoipient of the cironlar drops a letter with photo into the mail, Then comes another oiroular and a price-list of frames, with a reminder that the very least you can do it) | return for the portrait ia to purohaee the frame from the portrait company, and you are poll tety requested to select, If the request is complied with the framed orayon portrait, ao< companied by the original photo, reaches'you in due time. The portrait is evidently a sun print with crayon introduced in the strongest parts, The picture looks right enough when viewed, as Paddy aaw the moon, a long way oil, but I am informed the photographic part soon fades leaving a few patches of crayon. The frame in ooe respect is not unlike the pioture, ab It looks better wheu seen at a distance, The price is Hot ft high oue, but those who Imagine they are going to get a bargain for nothing will learn to their cost in the long run th^t they , have paid for what they get, ' . 4, leaf di^aae has broken out In a virulent form on many of the wattle plantations, and the 1 hitherto most successful growers are l-qjinning : to loae heart, The trees are qomplett-ly riddled , with this disfc&ae.; The destroying process 1 travolo very rapidly, and r\s a ruh; it takes i about three weeks to denude a tree of thr ; follegQi CwMerabto has been wreuflttt of late among the wattles by a green beetle. A by-law should be introduced into tbe local Shirt C ouncil to combat thin evil by protecting plan tations not already attacked by the peat, and imposing fines on any person who refuees to destroy the peat, A peculiar-lookingbrown-oomplexianed night owl nas made its appearance in the Arono district, recently, Every night as regula? as clockwork this strange bird, which uttera a whistle not unlike the curlew, is to be seen perched on the back of some old crank of a iK'tRe, nevflr by any chance doe* it rest on ft uttuDg animal, Mr, M, Oarr, of Arduo, en» deavtnire.J to shoot it the other day, but wan afti rwar<l« informed I y our police-officer that ail such gnine are protected by law, It is aaid that a self-taught genius raised and bred in the diatrict, who in minus a few teeth, recently uurtertook to make the deficiency good by filing down some boar's tusks to the Bine re quired and inserting aamu in a email atrip of green hide, which in turn he contrived to fasten to hi« toothless jaw by means of some fiahglue, The experiment, needless to affirm, was A failure. 