BOYS' FIELD CLUB CAMP. A CANVAS VILLAGE. WRITTEN FOR THE COURIER BY "MELA LEUCA. The cricket-ground at Balhannah presented an unusual and picturesque appearance during Easter week, for here the budding naturalists of the Boys' Field Club had pitched their camp, consisting of 14 roomy tents arranged in a large oval on a nice, sloping piece of ground between two groups of majestic eucalypts. Those at the eastern end formed a natural double gateway, the fine old red gums standing like sentries guarding the entrance to the temporary home of the young campaigners. In the centre was the camp fire, with its adjacent pile of logs, which the lads did not spare when gathered around of an evening to hear recitations, stories, songs, and science chats or to join in rousing choruses, of which "Old John Brown," " One more River to Cross," " Turpentine," " Midshipmite," "Sailing," "Rule Britannia,'' " Old Folk at Home," &c.;, &c.;, were among the most popular. At the western end of the oval was the tent devoted to the stores, over which Mr. W. R. Birks, treasurer and chief of the commissariat (known in camp as the "comic hairy cat"), kept guard, and just behind was the " kitchen," with its array of camp- ovens, boiIers, frying-pans, buckets, &c.;, presided over by an old and experienced survey cook and his mate. In many respects the cook is the most important personage at. a Field Club camp, for, as the health officer remarked to the chief of the commissariat,. " You can't get any science out of a boy with an empty, stomach, and no rule of algebra, Euclid, or trigonometry, has yet been dis- covered whereby the appetite of a Field Club boy in camp may be calculated." Adjacent to the cook's fire and beautifully shaded by a lordly gumtree was the dining- hall, of grandly magnificent proportions. Its walls were space, and its ceiling the blue vault of heaven. Here the boys' gathered in nine groups, each in a circle round its ap- pointed peg, the nine parties forming a large circle, in the centre of which the presiding officer stood and directed proceedings, so that the meals might be partaken as became self- restrained, rational beings. One valuable lesson learned in camp was the important fact that although the ground might serve as a table, the grass as tablecloth, and the service be reduced to a knife, fork, spoon, pannican, and one tin plate, one was still able to observe the rules which by general consent are acknowledged to constitute good manners at table. Next to the stoves, kitchen, and " dining hall" was situated the hospital tent, but whether its proximity to the former had any special signification I cannot say. Its chief use appeared to be to afford weary committee men a place in which to rest and recruit, for Field Club boys as a rule don't get sick. A slight exception must be made after they have had the free run of an apple orchard, as was the case on Easter Monday. The locality chosen for the camp is eminently suited for such objects as the Boys' Field Club have in view, and the site of the encampment on the cricket- ground at Bal- hannah is all that could be desired. The soil is sandy and well drained, and the surround- ings are picturesque; the site is sufficiently private, yet is handy to the township and the railway-station. The bathing facilities are excellent, and the hills and gullies around are teeming with objects of interest awaiting investigation. Mr. W. R. Birks with the cook, cook's mate, and one or two helpers arrived at Balhannah by the first train on Thursday, March 31, to pitch tents and prepare for the main body, which was to leave by the afternoon train. About mid-day, however, the rain began to fall, and it continued showery until Tuesday. As the weather seemed so unfavorable and the tents were not ready Mr. Birks telegraphed to Mr. W. C. Grasby not to bring up the boys until Friday. Friday morning was bright and promising, and the main party left Adelaide by the 9.15 a.m. special train. On arrival at Balhannah station the swags were piled on one of Mr. J. C. Grasby's trollies, forming an imposing load, and were conveyed to the camp ground, while the boys marched, singing rousing choruses. After lunch the boys received lessons in how to pitch tents and were then divided into parties under the generalship of Messrs. W. C. Grasby, M. M. Maughan, J. E. Dixon, H. Robson, and other adult members and had several hours active experience in erecting tents, pegging flaps, fastening guys, digging trenches, and otherwise making the tents secure. The strength of the camp was 63 ordinary members; 16 adults, a cook and a cook's mate, or a total of 81. The boys were divided into parties of from four to ten, according to the size of the tents and the wishes of the lads to be with their chums, and all were housed in snug, dry tents, well provided with clean straw, on which each could spread his piece of oilcloth and roll himself up in his blankets. Friday night was cold, and the rain fell heavily, but all the tents proved perfectly dry. Saturday morning broke cheerlessly, and the frequent showers prevented the leaders carrying out their contemplated excursion. The boys were as lively as rabbits and spent the intervals between showers at football and other games, each darting like bunny into his tent when a shower came on. During the morning " Hugh Kalyptus," of the Adelaide Register and Observer, came into camp and was greatly pleased with everything he saw. He stayed until Sunday and wrote an amnsing account of his visit in the Register. On Saturday afternoon Mr. W. C. Grasby mustered the members and suggested that as the weather was so wet and there was no promise of its clearing up it would be wise to go back to town. With a serious face he pictured the anxiety of the parents lest the boys should get wet and catch cold, and the grave responsibilities of the committee with a family of 80 and with nothing but bits of canvas between them and the inclement weather. The boys, however, unanimously voted for staying, and danced and cheered lustily when told that the leaders were of the same opinion and only wanted to know, the opinion of the lads, In the evening Mr. Murphy kindly lent the schoolroom, and a jolly evening was spent in singing, reciting, &c; Sunday was cold and wet. In the morning and afternoon some of the boys went to the local Methodist and English churches, while those who remained in camp either read or were entertained by Mr. Grasby reading some of Mrs. Ewing's stories. In the evening the majority accepted the invitation of the Oak- bank Church authorities, and Mr. Grasby gave an address on being "Every inch a boy." On Monday a pleasant excursion took place to Pye's Hill and the Glengyle orchard. I do not know whether a Field Club excursion has ever been described in the Courier, and I am afraid to do so now lest I make this account too long; so I will merely give a very brief summary. The president (Mr W. C. Grasby) acts as leader and is provided with either a bugle or a strong whistle, or with both. The members stroll along, taking notice of, ex- amining, and discussing anything which may interest them, and when any feature of special interest, such as a mineral lode, a good view, a rare or interesting plant, or a peculiar specimen of insect life, is met with, the bugle calls an assembly, the boys form a circle round their leader, or sit on the grass, as directed, and a short lecture is given. The members are then asked to add any further information or ask questions, and generally this feature of the gathering is most interesting. The mem- bers pass in the specimens they have collected and either tell something about them, or ask for information. During the excursion on Monday, for example, six meetings were held and a very large variety of subjects discussed, the most interesting arising from the discovery of a termites' (" white, ant") nest. This was carefully dissected, the construction noted, and the different kinds of ants described. The views from Pye's Hill embraced a wide range of country and were much admired. On arrival at the Glengyle orchard Mr. J. C. Grasby invited the boys in and asked them to leave science for a time: They might take for granted that Sir Isaac Newton was right in his reason why an apple falls to the ground, and they could practically solve the problem— " Granted that the apples are on the ground, how many can a boy remove from its place of repose?" The boy with eight, pockets made answer 32, but a lad with a loose sailor suit and tight waist-band looked upon this solution as unscientific and recorded the solution as an unknown quantity represented by x. His brother said, " Xactly so," and received a shower of apple cores and a chorus of ''What a mournful joke!" to which "one replied, " But a thing can't be more'n full, can it?" The party were then turned out of the orchard and inspected the farm animals and fed the pigs and ponies on apples while the committee were being entertained at Iunch by Mr. Grasby and his sisters. The party returned to camp, their bodies laden with fruit and their minds enriched with knowledge. On their way they had beautiful views of Oakbank and of the racecourse thronged with people. During Saturday, Sunday, and Monday a large number of parents and friends, including Dr. Cockburn, visited the camp and were much pleased with the tidy, snug appearance of the tents. Tuesday was fine, and an enjoyable and instructive excursion was made to the Bal- hannah mine. Mr. James Camac showed the party how to wash for gold and afterwards treated the boys to several buckets of delicous milk and distributed a large quantity of ripe apples. Camp-fire fun terminated a profit- able and enjoyable day. Wednesday,which was a lovely day, was occupied with an excursion up the western branch of the Onkaparinga. The walk was a pretty one and afforded scope for several interesting science chats. On their way Mrs. John Edwards invited the boys to fill their pockets with walnuts. In the evening Messrs. J. & A. G. Johnston, J. C. Grasby, and Turner lent vans and conveyed the campers to Woodside, where a social entertainment was given. The local people did not muster largely, chiefly because very few knew about it. Mr. Grasby explained that the club did not pretend to be a musical society, but the members would try and show that they believed in fun as a rest from work. A thoroughly enjoyable evening was spent. The two most taking numbers on the programme were the humorous Way College song "Turpentine," composed by the Rev. Mr. Horwell in honor, of a boy who "failed in dictation over that word, and sung to the tune of "Clementine." The other was an election song composed for the occasion and sung to the tune of "One more River to Cross," and the local hits fairly brought down the house. The weather on Thursday was again per- fect. The party left camp at 9 a.m. for a long walk into the scrub. At 1 o'clock they were met some miles from camp by the Misses Grasby, who had undertaken to convey the eatables in their trap. Tea was made and a picnic lunch enjoyed as greatly as had been the frequent halts, and lectures on various objects of interest, from mistletoes, fungi, and quartz reefs to bushfires. Camp was reached at about 5 p.m. In the evening a large number of the residents visited the camp- fire, and two hours were pleasantly passed with singing and recitations, interspersed with several science chats on crayfish, insects, crabs, and other matters arising from questions asked by the boys. Friday morning was spent in striking tents and clearing up the camp-ground. The boys were assembled in a circle first round a bell and then round an oblong tent and shown in detail how to take them down and fold them up neatly. They were told off in parties, and each worked to excel the rest. In a little over an hour all were packed away, trenches filled, pegs pulled up and stacked, and all straw and rubbish cleared up ready for burn- ing. The smartness and willingness of the boys was warmly commended by the leaders. After lunch the club accepted an invitation to visit Messrs. J. & A. G. Johnston's brewery and cordial works at Oakbank. On their way Mrs. Edwards kindly presented the boys with apples. Mr. J. D. Johnston showed the party over the works and explained the processes of making aerated waters, malt, &c.; The main party returned home by the train, reaching Adelaide at 6.23 p.m., and the few who stopped to clear up followed by the late even- ing train. The health of the boys during the encamp- ment was good. Only two or three suffered slightly from cold, but Mr. Maughan's careful attention and nursing prevented anything serious, and no one was unwell for more than a day. Two boys asked to leave camp during the wet weather, but when they got to town regretted their action and returned. One boy got homesick and was allowed to return home on Wednesday. The others asked to have the camp prolonged. The discipline of the camp was excellent. Mr. Grasby insists on the prompt and absolute obedience of every mem- ber at all times and feeling that this is always obtainable at the sound of the bugle or whistle he allows the utmost freedom of action within safe limits. All arrangement were carried out by Messrs. W. C. Grasby (president), M. M. Maughan (health officer), W. R. Birks (treasurer and chief of commissariat), H. Robson and F. Davis (secretaries), T. Hitch- cox, J. E. Dixon, Bedford, F. W. Wheatley, B.Sc., W. J. McCarthy, B.A, T. Wheatley, H. E. Chinner, J. H. Chinner, and L. Birks, and a cook and cook's mate. Much assistance was given in many ways by Mr.J. C. Grasby, of Glengyle. His trolly was at the disposal of the committee at all times, and he must have saved the committee many pounds in cartage, wood, &c.; The campers are also indebted to various residents besides those already mentioned for kindnesses. Among these Mr. J. Williams, of Daisy Bank, who gave wood and tent pegs, Mr. W. J. King, and the authorities of St. Thomas's Church deserve special mention. 