Brevities. Try Judges' Baking Powder.* . Oddfellows meet Tuesday next. Birthday Cards at TIMES Stationery Repository. For one month only Pianos tuned by J. Wilcher for 10s 6d.* The woodtrade picnic passed off very successfully last Friday at Rosehill. 3/11 Suede Gloves, 4 clasp, stitched backs, at Mill's Drapery Emporium, late Noble's. * At the Wooltrade picnic last Friday, Dow in the hop-step-and-jump contest covered 41 feet. To meet the dull times Pianos sold at Wilcher's 25 per cent. off Catalogue Prices.* A special meeting of the Penrith Council called for Monday evening failed for want of a quorum. SAPOLINE, the pure extract of soap, used by every thiifty housewife every day in the year. * The greatest discovery of my life is that the men who do the work never get rich—Andrew Carnegie. To meet the times Judges' special blend of Tea at 1s per lb. * I look upon protection as the greatest and most depressing superstition of modern times—B. R. Wise. Anderson's New Packet and Field Seeds at Judges Bros.* In the new electoral district of the Nepean, Lawson and Penrith have been selected as registra- tion divisions. The fires on the mountains have been raging most of the week, to the general discomfort of the district all round. Most of the trees planted on Arbor Day at the now hospital site are looking well in spite of the unfavorable weather. The Katoomba Municipal Council has decided to make another attempt to borrow £5000 for tho erection of gasworks. 2/11 - kid gloves, fashionable prints, stylish millinery, novelties in blouses at Mills' Drapery Emporium, late Noble's.* Trumpet major Henry Joy has died at Chiswick in his 75th year. He sounded the charge for the Light Brigade at Balaklava. The first match for the district trophies was begun at St. Marys last Saturday. Three of the Emu wickets fell in one over. A man charged with burglary in Sydney last week was wearing five coats, two vests, and three pairs of trousers when arrested. Photo. frames. 100 different kinds at TIMES Stationery Repository. Best assorted stock in the colony. Novelties by every mail.* A Wesleyan conference in the United States decided in favor of striking the word "obey" out of the marriage obligation of a wife. Bob Reid, photographer, politician, late of Penrith, recently "went up" for six months for attempting to pass a valueless cheque. Any farmer who systematically combines poultry farming, pig farming, bee farming, and dairy farming should be able to make a decent living. A gentleman writing from Western Australia gives a gloomy account of that colony and states that men are willing to work for their food only. Housebreaking and burglary are not the same thing. Breaking into house with a view to robbery in daylight is housebreaking at night it is burglary. Miss Wrightson, who was accidentally shot by her brother-in-law, manager of the A.J.S. Bank at Guyra, in mistake for a burglar, is reported to have died. Recently a young Frenchman having been drawn for military service, he and his lover, a girl of 15, rather than be separated, suffocated themselves with charcoal fumes, dying in each others arms. Sir Henry Parkes:—"I don't think that the Mining on Private Property Bill will give to the indigent unemployed the relief and assistance which some sanguine members believe it will." At the nomination for the members of the Progress Committe of Mt. Victoria, on Friday night last, for the ensuing six months, Messrs. H. G. Rienits, S. Clyde, John Wilson, J. W. Berghoffer, W. R. Roach, L. H. Howell, C. W. Prott, and T. Ingle were elected unopposed. Mr. McMillan (on the budget) :—" Unfortunately for the cause of good Government, unfortunately for the cause of retrenchment, I say, without any hesitation, that the operation of the public accounts of this country has very often been an elaborate suppression of facts." Mrs. Glasson gave evidence on Friday at the trial of her husband for the Carcoar murders. She smiled and kissed her hand to the prisoner, and spent the luncheon interval with him in a room of the court. Replying to a question asked by Mr. Ewing in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, Sir George Dibbs said that at the end of the year the balance at the debit of the Consolidated Revenue Fund would be about £1,000,000. " Be careful packing of apricots, I have got 24s per case, whilst a neighbour got 9s only. I packed each apricot in a vine leaf, and the handsome return justified the trouble twofold." The simple story of a progressive orchardist in the country. A case of smallpox has occurred at No. 290 Victoria-street, Darlinghnrst, the patient being a woman named Dinah Ferguson. On Wednesday the sufferer was removed to the hospital ship Far- away, and nine other occupants of the house were placed on the " healthy ground " at the quarantine station. A discarded lover was charged in London with forcibly removing four rings from the finger of a young lady to whom he was formerly engaged. The magistrate discharged him, as the rings, boing presents, should have been returned to him after the engagement was broken off, though he had no right to remove them by force. Leo Tolstoi, the famous Russian novelist, looks and dresses exactly like a peasant. Tolstoi believes that every man should work, and considers that literature is only pastime. Therefore, when Tolstoi is not at work on his recreation he is making boots ; but his boots aro not so good as his books and those who buy them usually keep them under glass. Early on Tuesday morning the body of a Grammar School boy named Walter Samuel Horne, 15 years of age, was found hanging by a towel in the bathroom at his residence, George street, Redfern. At the inquest, Mrs. Edwards, in whose house he was staying, testified that he was a boy who was always trying experiments and expressed the opinion that he must have been trying what hanging was like. 