*iuT-a autaf mnane_. Tu meisy sad P'dsy TUkIEDAT, FEIRUART ts4,, sgS LOCAL RAILWAY NESDS. ItN the course of' foedeys more something of a debnite character will doubtess b- be k n with regard to local railway claime; In the mneatime it might fairly be said that after all Benalls is likely to receive aetention in the direction indicated. A. the public already haow, a body ea titled the Railways Standing Committee was appolated a couple of jyea age to inquire as to the merit. of .al national projects thereafter introduced for par. liamentary conaideratiol ia the way of railway lnes. At that time three dieresnt towm in this particular part of the coloey- altla, Wangaratts and Glearowas-like the eaie number of places that conteaded for the honor of Romes's birth, were quarrelling on the point as to which o.the three of thee was entitled to he made the start. ing pelnt of a lie, then partly, pro jected to the Upper ing. As it was, of coura, impossible for the. Geren. meetto please each of the trio in terested in the scheme, it appointed the Railways Standing Committee to investigate the matter, and that official body, after taking voluminous evidence thereon, recemmended the construction of a benauc of the North-easter line from Glenriawn to Hedl - a distauce of. tweat iles. That reco?amedatiee, , it Is needml to say,, has ýtwitf?iur?um ' condemnation in BReells. Seinweea age a public meetiel was held loeclly about it, and, as a t.. ,e i was decided to put fordt a, hIely through Mr?Campbell, politi.aslr:se. sentative for the district, with the object of getting the quetion under notice re discused and of etting Benalle, in. stead of the townhip of Glenrowan, made the starting point of the projected lire. Althesgb doing this it was not generally believed that Glearowan could he obliterated-ell the ame the atep alluded to was taken. Pending a result of the preceeding. a serious ontingency eaose-- Goernment's depositIon came about .and, a new adminlstration, with Mr J. Campbell, our own representative, .'as onei of its Ministers, sprang iteo power In the circumst?mces lenalta hee a right to feel that, wit . a Minister of the Crown new behiq Its back to support it, it is eot in t ramn position as- it .wae':i e b IAC Rilrw s Btanding Committee effected reniunciation of its railway claims, and thait i is therefore qualified to think that it has a better prospect no, than ever it has had of securing that I:oon direct railway communication with the Upper King-for which it has so long been yearming. (pgga memas At about one o'clock on Friday morning last, the premises of Ah Sam Bet, Carrier Street, Benalla, were broken intoandeaveral watches, valued at about £?o, stolen; It appears that Ah Sam Bet, who WaS sleeping in a room at the tear of his shop, was awakened by hear ing hIs shop window breaking. He at once called out to Ben Gould, who also resides on the premises, "Quick, Ben, somebody is in the shop." Gould at once rea out, but the thief, or thieves, had by that time decamped, carrying the pro perty mentloned with them. In the window from which the watches were stolen there were two diamond rings, valued at 50. each, besides other jewellery worth about "aoo. The' police were infurmed of the robbery as soon uposijble IlterwardsjndDetec tive Samsbury, a ter makiig inquiries conceraing the affair, along with the black-trackers started is pursuit of the robbers. On Monday morning last a man named Williams was arrested at Yarrawonga in connection with the theft. When caught he was in . the set ef disposing of one of the stolen watches. He was brought before the police court at that place later on and remanded to Benalla. At the Benalla County Court to be held tomorrow Charles Miller will pro ceed against F. Trenerry Brown, solici tor, Benalla, for the recovery of £499 damages for malicious prosecution. It will be remembered that the latter had the former arraigned at the local court some time ago on a charge of perjury. The case was dismissed by a jury and Miller discharged. The latter thinks that the prosecution for perjury was the outcome of malice on the part of Mr Brown and therefore is suing to recover the amount above stated. Last week a justice. of the peace' adjudicating on a case in which a publican was charged with Sunday trading, atBallarat, spoke very dispara ginglyof the blue ribbonites, saying that the Licensing Act was made to please a parcel of people who wore a blue. ribbon, because if. they drank they would make .beasts of themselves. " At a meeting of the Wesleyan Council held in Melbourne last week it was decided to call the Attorney-general's attention to the remarks made, as that body con siders they wete disrespectful to the laws of the colony. Further economies are contemplated by the Education Department in addition to those already made, and to those provided for in the Teachers Bill now before Parliament. A number of schools may be .:reduced- in statusi and some graded as "unclassified." The remuneration will then be consider ably less for teachers, 550 of whom are out of employment already. The Rev. W. Bottoms, Primitive Methodist Pastor of the Gowanrardie elrcsit, is at present attending the annual assembly in connection with that body in Melbourne It was de cided at the meeting held on Friday last to alter the name of the Gowam gardie circuit to Caniambo. As soon as the Assembly meets to day the Premier will probably address the House and indicate the order in which he proposes to dIel with the husie, s of the ,emsion. I'is nuo a.n sicipated that the preliminaries will occupy much time, and the debatable matter will be opened by the introduc of the Railway Bill, which will scm Prrse only one line. , The Minister of Education, Mr Campbell, is determined toleaveno etose ur nturned in his efforts to introduce a a rigorous policy of retrenchment into f his department, and in furtherance of this intention he has been considering a variety of proposals for securing greater economy in its administration. The boiling down works at Albury have been in full work since the con mencement of the year, during which time some 25,000.aheep have been put through, there are still between 30,000 and 40,000 sheep to arrive, and the satisfactory prises realised for tallow and skins, with the general ap. I prehension of a drought, are causing a good deal of business in sheep at fair ra?es. A boiling-down works estats. blished by a number of sheep owners is about commoncing operations at Corowa; a start will be made on Mon day or Tuesday. These works are cap. able of setting. througl1 500 sheep -per bay. A third establishment, on. a smaller scale, has been started on the Murray at Bungowannah, andsa con cer on the Murrutnbidgee is getting threlgh with 2000 sheep per day. The Mansfield correspondent of a Melbourne daily paper of Friday last states :—Terribly destructive bush fires occurred around Mansfield yesterday. It is reckoned that over 300,000 acres of grass were destroyed. Messrs Bon, Stanley, Arbuthnott, Kennedy, Proud, Cummins, Davon, Harris and many other landholders in the vicinity of Bonnie Doon, are very large sufferers. The Protestant Hall and a State school at that place narrowly escaped destruc- tion. I learn on reliable authority that on Mr Bon's Wappan Station 3000 sheep were burned to death, and Mr Kennedy lost 300. Arbuthnott and Cummins lost their stacks of hay. Mansfield people say these fires are the most extensive that have ever occurred in the district, and yesterday is regarded as a veritable black Thurs- day. A cricket mateh between the Benalla sy and Violet Town elubs was layed g lrols eof the latter--he Fredly e|s Reserve-on Saturday. It re ll4te in a victory for the former club, the a eeors bJrag-Beaella ailway,13s ; Violet wa,4. 41. 'O 1as trade the 'biggelst b.ttiag seers for the vlotor. , A number of persons who had busi ness at the licensingr . cortyesterday were late in their attendance. It was generally. thought that the court would not. sit till. the usual time (zo o'clock) whereas by that hour the business was hearly7all trans acted, the 'magistrates having taken their seits on .the. bench at 9 o'clock. Sentence his been papsed, by the French courts on the persons convicted of complicity in the Panamah Canal frauds. Count Ferdinand de Lesseps, .and his son, M.' Charles de Lesseps, directors of the company, have been sentenced to five years' *impriFentaent and to pay a fine of £o20. ? . - Fon tane and VI.. Cottu, also.directors, have been sentenced to two years'. imprison-. ment and to pay a .similar .fine. M. Eiffel, .the. celebrated engineer, who undertook a contract for .the construc tion of the canal, has, been sentenced 'to two years' itnprisotltuelit and to .pay a fine of .80oo. lhe. Paris corres pondent of the "'inmes".expresses the belief that in the case of M. Ferdinand. de Lesseps, the veteran, engineer, - who initiated the canal project, the verdict of the court :'ill certainly be reversed,, on account of iii..old. age and in firmity. , . A' thEnhljourned i?," , 3e nalla Lic'esijin l ..Terday applictionii were gralited as follow: Timothy Steadmai Moore, vignetrbi's license; William "'orralt, Tatong, wine license. Victuallers' licenrse' Elizabeth Smyth, Loch Erne Hoie , Benalla; Mary Chrtain.'Strathbogic Hotel, Strathbogie ; Jacob Weber, Farmers' Arms, Dookie : Joha!nn" Ryan, Commercial' Hotel, Coibani. Special permits to sell liquor after the specified closing hour (I 30 p.il) were granted to the following persons: -Michael M'Nanmara, Cobrani Hotel, Cobraml; Annie Gedge, Victoria Hifel, Cobram; Hugh Dixon, Yarroweyall Hotel, Yirroweyah ; arid Catherine Calman. The following applieations were refused: - For Colonial wine licenses-Jane Robinson and Willliant Robinson, Euroa; for roadside victual ler's license-Wim. Worrall, ''atong. At a sale at Cobram on Friday, there was remarkably spirited competition for barley, one line bringing 4s !od., and another4s io.d. Principal articles of. food atid'horse fodder are fetching famine prices in Brisbane in consequence of the flood. The following are some ef retail prices: -Flour, '5 per sack of oo Ib,; sugar, 4d to 6d per lb.; imaize los, to t5s. per bushel. Potatoes in sonle places are sold at Id. each.. The hakers by common consent, are charging very little more than ordinary prices for bread. A Londgn cablegram states -." The Government has decided rot to iproceed with the prosecptioa of Mr Pierce Mahony (Parnellite), M.P. for North Meath. who was recently committed for, trial for an assault on Mr M J. Kenny (M'Carthyite), M.P. for Mid-Tyrone. Mr Mahony and Mr Kenny had an altercation in the Dublin law courts, in the course of which the latter made in sulting references, to Mr -Mahony's mother. Mr Mahony then knocked Mr Kenny down, inflicting on him a pair of black eyes.. At the Benalla Licensing Court held yesterday the Chairman of the heilch (Mr O. L. Iobbin, P.M) made the following declaration in regard to the number of inhabitants in the under mentioned licensing districts :-Benalla -number on roll, 403; statutory num ber of inhabitants, ao2i. Mokoan number on roll, 27o ; statutory number' of inhabitants. 1350. Upotipotponl- number on roll, 19 ; statutosy number of inhabitants, 955. Rothsay-num her on roll, 369; statutory number of inhabitants, 1845. Strathbogie- naum ber on roll, 587; statutory numbhr of inhabitants, 2935. Warrenbayfhe number on roll, 192 ; statutory nuniber of inhabitants,: 960. Balmattunm number on roll, 465 ; tlatutory number of inhabitants, 2325. 'Dookie-num her on roll, s82; statutory number of inhabitants, 1410.' The " Wangaratta Dispatch,' of Saturday contains a leading article on the projected liie of railGay froin Glen. rowan to Hedi. After condemning Benallaites for their efforts to make this town the starting point of the line al'udedto, our contemporary goes on' to say, " Surely the great Benalli, with all the Government patronage it en joys, can afford to let poor, unfavored Glenrowan have this small crumb of patronage; if it cannot,. then • its boasted greatness must be as moonL shiny as its interral lov. for' the Hedi people. If the question of route is to be ro-opened, Wangaratta has to be I reckoned with in the contest. I SA local land board is : be hefd in the Court-house, B6nalla' on Wednes. day, the a2nd instant. As will be seen by an advertisement relating to the business to be done. 12 differelnt personsartobecalledupontoshow cause against forfeiture of their holdings. Two spiclal cases are to be dealt with, the principal of them being an eppli.. ration on the part of Gro. West to re. taiu pousessuio of a dam on the Watel box Creek, in the parish of Mollyuliah. A Brisbane correspondent writing to the "Age" on Thursday last gives a long -account of the damage done by the floods in. Brsbaine, .Goodna,. Ipswich, Maryborough and. numerous other plasces in Queensland. The dam . age is set dawn at £3,00o,ooo, half a million having been lost in two bridges alone. The flood water rose to its highest point on Monday night, tvhen it was as feet higher than the point reached by the flood there in IS9c. A gunboat that was anchored on the beach was floated from its moorings and carried into the botanical gardens. Over twenty-two inches of rain fell" in three days. At Ipswich the scenes were" most heprt rending. Relief funds hve . been' started in Sydney, Adelaide and many other places and money is being 'rub scribed liberally. In the House of Commons, Mr H. -. Arnold Forster, member for West Belfast (Liberal Unionist), submitted.' -n amendment on the address in reply with the, object of preventing clerical influence being exercised ,at Irish elections. The aim;nclment wars ~: jected by a majority of 43 votts. The Gladstone ,Government must be in a strong position after this. . On the 27th instant a cheap excursion train will run. from Melbourne to Ben alla, returning on the following day. The fares between Melbourne and Benalla will be sos 4d. The train will leave Benalla, ·ri its return journey, at , o.5o, a.m.. annd reach Melbourne at 3.4op.m. Tickets may be obtained for these excursions up to 7 p.m. on Fri day, the 24th inst, At the Australian Natives' sports held in Benalla on the .26th of last :month the winner of the Sheffield .Handicap- Thompson-was protested against. on. the ground that he was running under a misreprsesetation of his perfornanices. Thompson later o stated that he made a clerical error in writing out hia performances, bit saii it was done uninttntionally, A meeting of the pports comnittee .was held on. Thursday last, at.: Wiell , hrtel, di ' it was decided ?i diase ffTifisrpg1.i: for one hsonth and pay :se first money overto Eddy, the isecuid man in the race. Another protest was entered in regard to Shea arnd Doxey, who ran first and second, respectiyely, in the iHandicap Hurdle race. In this'"ass tlie comnmittet, decided to disqiality fioth imen f6r twelve mionths. The re- lamation of the Greta Swamp will probably be completed'in about a month's time. .The swamp is caused by the Fifteen Mile Creek spreading out after it passes the township of Greta in. a ,northe ly. direction between Glen Iowan. and WinpgarAtta. The. main chanel'hans been cut from the northern to th6 southern end of the srwamp, so sr to snake a pas? sae for thewaters of the creek and .condlie them within a limited pace. .The arean thus' re :lkiamed conipriseA 1160 acres, the .ilueof which is estimated at £6 an -are. As the imtrposed ,railway line from Glenbowan to Hedi skirts the. samp, thea reclaimnedhlanil cnn be made avoailahle for village settlement if re qiiured. . Mr W. Farrer, or Labrigg,.near Queonbeyan, New South Waler, has made valuable experimtite' in wheat growing with respect ,to .rus!. The objectt of is sVperimints was to ascer tain tlh rust resisting properties ot various wheats, their milling valuesd, &o; ŽNo less than 546 different samples were ohtnined from leading seed mer chants.and growers. They were sown, the season was a good one, and hardly any must appeared. One of the most important resalte was to prove that 'in nearly all cases the seed, though' ob. tained front the most reliable sources, was mixed and impure, and that the nahre',of the wheat was, no guarantee as to its chairacer, ase under one name ia manfy as half a dzei variefles are - supplied. Further experimenits are to bd carried out ii order to aseer inin differentL sots of wheat grown in Austrnlia and their'. alueo, with the olijeot of supplying farmers with pure, goad seed. A young man named Jas. Ginnivan met with a nasty accident at the Swan pool fire on Thursday last. He was falling a tree when a burnt limb dropped and struck him on the knee, causing a ugly bruise. He was at once carried to Dobson's hotel where his injuries were attended to. Although not of a serious character the bruise is very painful, and it will be some days before the sufferer is alright again. " Transfers of leases are eazetted "p proved as follow :-From Thos. Green to T. S. l)avies, M.D., Northcbte, 158a, Bungrct ;'Harry Heape to S. E. Heape, 4oa, Curtawa: Win. 11J. 'Payne to Win. Martin, 124a. ]Bun:ret; Bl.iry M'Dlonald to' James. Patton, 973a, en::dlla. The undermenitioned al'otinent wil be a'vailable fdr appilication; as:an agti cultural and grazing area, on''or before F:iday, the soth Masch neit :--62za, forfeited 32nd section holding of Chas. E. Darby, Dueran East. Mr Hugh Savage, of Rothesay, had a narrow escape from a serious accident on Thursday night last. He was at the fire at Swanpool, and. wl i'tt on horseback, rode intoa. waterhole by mischance.. As .a result lhe under went a wetting andsprainted his ankle.: 'l:.e horse remained in 'the water for: two or three hours before it. was relcued: Two new passenger cars for country trains are now in course, of onstruction at the Newport shops. li ie carriaýgs are of a new type. decided on. by the? Railway Commissioc eremt pursuance of. their object of providing really co.fort-. able accommodation at small .cost to the department. A first and second class car ar, being made, and the former is well advanced. , They will be 'o feet. in length, with en,l. and side doors as well as a corridor. The Mallee Bill introduced by the Governmeint is to he taken up by- the present administration. There is a good deniand for mallee, land, and the Government is anxious to get the mteasu're through as soon as possible, in order' that the part of the season which remains for rolling and-burning.off will not be lost. If Parliament passes the Bill the Minister will take steps to uittle'ihe best class of selectors on the land. The' Avon shire council bt its last meeting . appointed a committee to draw tip a circular, a copy of which is to be forwarded .to all municipalities in Victoria, inviting co-operation in bring ing influence to bear on Parliarr.entary representatives of country districts to secure' effective" restrictions of the Indian hawker's trade. It is desired that the pscsent, system of issuing hawkers' licences in Melbourne to Indians should be abolished, and that these licenses. should be granted locallyl In relournO~ , on ThsrCday last, the thermmster ast the oheservatory re. ,-stred 103 dsrem in the shade, and is aniros cOuntry placse the heat v na sloost as had. As a con?eques.ce a large -umber of bulh fires broke out and much damage vwa done to pro PeMansfild, last week, the fires round that district were so had that station owners were offerlnl laspen day for "fire- fighters," but not many ?n ware available as they were en ged in farming operations. Mr W. 3. Perceval, Agent-General for New Zealand, states that from in quiries he has made he has assertained thst some London butter dealers are selling Inferior and unsound dairy made butter as best Australasian factory made. About a week ago the Benalla Water. works Trust called for tenders for the supply of 30 cordi offirewood. A meet. ing of the Trust was held on Saturday morning last when the tenders were opened, that of" V. P. Sharp being accepted at 9s 6d per cord. Great indignation is felt in Texse at the apathy of the Esxeutive in re-. pet'to the perpetratioti of lynch law erni k-is hat 1o~t) of -the Union. 'he reast hangfg anild shooting sa BurnesCounty'by a lyash mob of a girl for a crime of which Lhe was le aecent hlia excted a very strong po. paler feoling in the State, where public meetings are being held to doe sounce the Government for not bring ins the lynch murderers to punish. ment. At the town of Laredo, in VWebb county, the residents have passed resolutions declaring that on the next lyaching intcilent they will turn out en wasse and summarily lynch the ]lynhers. A Court of General Sessions will sit at Benalla to.morrow-Wedneeday. Only one case is set down for hearing. .urley v. Vincent ' In this case action is taken bt' the plaintiff to quash an order made by the justices at Violet Town compelling him to pay defendant 7s 6d per week for the support of an illegitimate child.' A good deal of evi. dence will be taken in the case. it has bees decided by the Dairy mal's Association of. Victoria to con. vine a specal conference in Mel bourne, on the 22nd inst., of proprie. tors of butter fictories and creameries affected by the, reduction of 50. per cent of the amount originally offered by Parliamenit ss a subsidy to encour age the ereotiou of factories and srssmeries thioughout the colony. The proposed reduction' in the pay. meat ot these bonuses is to be opposed by the association, and clainmants are resemmended, in a circular issued by the Dairymen's Association, not to uigathe vuchlers issued by the Depart ment of Agriculture until after the uon. oresnce has been held. The "Yea Chrulliele" states :-A co operative itock and station agency is slked of, 'with a- will-kiown cattle *als?an a'asthe. lead'o i; as auctioneer and manager.. Thie wa't.of some or ganisationl, ableto.. give a lit' le more aceommodation thian uctioneerl s em willing or aisle to give just.now, is sadly Ieeded, andif Mr Harry Rivers, whese same is freely mentioned in connection with it, is able to do that, ne is likely to meet with a good deal of support in ll the surrounding districts. About so cases are set down for hearieg at the sittings of the Benalla County Court, which will commence to morrow, but it is likely that some of these will be settled out of court. The estate of Mr J. L. Dow, M.L.A., was, on Thursday, compulsorily se questrated by order of Mr Justice Hood. The petitioning creditor was Mr John M'Kenzie, of Freshwater Creek, farmer, who in July last obtained judgment in the Supreme Court against the respondent for £x30, which remains ussatisfied. By section a4 of the Con stitutien Act, "If any member of the Legislative Assembly shall become as insolvent debtor his seat in the As sembly shall thereby become vacant." MlrDow will *thus have to go to the poll again if he wants to try and hold iii seat in Parliament; but he cannot legally do that before he gets his certi icate of discharge from the Court of Insolvency. The Speaker need not issue his writ for a munth and the day of nomination can be fixed for seven days later. Consequently if the hon. gentleman is going to the poll again, there are areive weeks within which to secure a certificate and become quali fled. In connection with the peaeeet ef Mr Webb, the Minister of Agiceltmle, to send Mr Wilson, the dairy expere,. to England this week in order to sake an investtgatlon lio the ven'aroio ee Ofii,1g ; td "n generally k obtain such lnflln tioens as ay be of talue to persons in'itested in the dairy iog industry, a suggeation has bees made thbt toe.trip would prove f more ervice to the olony if Mr Wilson'i departure were delayed till thi begin. ning of neaxt season. Mr Webb re cog,.iss the prstical valCe of this eeggestion, which will probably be ated upon wlhen the mnatter comes bnr fore the Cab'inet. Notification is being issued by the Syd ney Government to lessees of landiatthe cntral division of the Albury district, of its intention not to renew the leaehold areas. If this determination is carried out, thousands of acres of agricultural land will be avail* able for selection. Holders, however, contend that they have an absolute rlght to renewals, but the assurance hls been conveyed to selectors that-the Attorney General is contident that on two years' notice now being issued being given the lInd must be handed over to the Government. On Friday next the easilage comt petition in connection with the Benalla Agricultural Society will take place at. the farms of leesara John Meodie, M. Grogan ar.d T. R. Sharp. Membenrs of the Association and all other persons interested in the ffair are invited to atiend. Last issue of the "Government Gazette" eontairrs the-following returns showing the amounts ofmosies received and paid in the undermnnentioned estates (by the Curator of the Estates of De ceased Persons for the Colony of Vic toria) for the half-year ending 3tst December, 189? :-Moses Barraclough, Major Plains, L154 8s 6d received, L8 Is 5d paid; Ah Hugh, Whorouly, L3o 18s received, L3o iSs paid; Charles Eden,Benalla, nothing received, L6 8as Sd paid'; George Wright, Greta, L84 4sa d received; L67 js 7d paid. A London cablegramr states:-In the House of Commons to-day Itr Jesse Collisga moved an amendment on the Address in reply to the Queen's Speech. The amendment was to the effect that measures for the relief of the agricultural labourers ought to have precedence over Hone Rule. Mr Collings charged the Government and their supporters with evading the pro. mias they radete the agricultural in terest at the general election. Mr Gladstone, in reply, stated that the Bill providing for the establishment of parish coaocils which'the Government would introduce-was intended to im prove tb.dwallign_.L, agricultural laborers amyiý+;vý the acquisi tion by them sif iad. In order to carry oat this object the bill would contain compulsory provisions. The amendmeat was rejected by 84 votes. Extraordinary anxiety is manifested to hear Mr Gladstone's speech in intro ducing the Home Rule Bill-to he readi the Houseef Commons to-day. Seven thousand applications have been made for seatsin the strangers' gallery although the same contains sitting accommodation for only too persons. On Thursday last a fire broke out it Swanpool. It was first noticed in a paddock belonging to Mr Honex. 'Being fanned bya strong wind, it made great headway, spreading through the properties of Messrs Bischoff, Tully, Branaipan, Dobson, H.aney and Gin nivan. At the latter's place thei fire sas stopped, but the wind subsequently drovelt across Lima creek into Smith's and Ryan's land. About t6o people' fought the flames, and through their agency much damage was averted, but, as it was, between sooo and 3000 acres of grass were burnt. A house and its contents, the property of Mr 'ully, was completely, destroyed. Several miles of fencing were burnt and the Swanpool State school and other buildl tuings close to it were only saved with much dificulty. The devastation caused by fites in the country has brought the question of extinguishing sparks on locomotives vividly before the Railway authorities, w-ho have for some time past been en deavoring to find an effective con trivance. The trflito manager, Mr Syder, has brought under the notice of the commissioners a device f'r extin guishing the sparks in the smoke box by means of jets of steam, which are intended to drench thc. sparks before they leave the chimney. 'Mr'yder 'is of opinion that the question 'will lhe solved by this principle rather that by any form of arrester, the inherent de feet of an arresting net or 'cage' 'hring that, in proportion to its power .to catch the sparks, it also stops the draught from the fire,. and in some cases where such contrivances had been tried, they had actually brought. the train to a stand. At the adjourned meetiang of the Benalla licensing court, held yesterday, before Messrs Dobuin, Rowan and Smallman, P.M.s., a number of cases were set down for hearing, the'hole occupying only About an hour and a half to consider." 'A fearful disaster took place last night at a lunatic asylum at Dover, a city of New Hlmpshire, in the United States say a':cablegrato. A female patient who hdbsr very violent, and was cbnsequetly.gonfine'd in a sepn rte A61J), taiO iged G-Stome means to set it on fire. fore the ire was dis eovired the lames had spread over a great part of the asylum. Many of ,the inmates were cut;off from all means of escape, and fifty of them were roasted to death in their dormitories. At the Shepparton' police court on Friday last three girls named Johanna Mildment, Sarah' Roller and Ellen Matdment were charged with being neglected childrea and sent to the re formatory. Theusual monthly meeting of the lenalls shire councit will he held on Thunrday yp, when, in addition to other bh ie Is, applications will be received'tI 6iIon willing to under itke. te. itiot'of overseer for the acthi- a btige at Upotipotpon, at a msmuMtntin of sos per day. Mr T. Lloydi, rsretary of Yarra wonga Shie Council and Water Trust, has tesigned his otee. Applicatiossiare consequently inaited, returnable by the aoth inst., from persons competent to 11 the vacant position. The remuner ation attaching to the iame is /"25o per anum. Messrs Binnet t,R Wilgoose and W. James, of Yduaimite, last week despatched a trial consignment of 1300 bags of wheat to a London agency per the ship Loch Svy. It will. however be some months before the returns are to hand. ' A London cablegram states:--The Loffoden Isles, off the r.orth-west coast of Norway, have beei visited by a trrriic storm, which has wrought great havoc in the Beet of fishing boats employed there. A great number of boats were sunk,- and 122 fishermen were drowned. Mr J. E. Redmond, the Parnellite member for the City of Waterford, has written to members of the Irish Ameri can League expressing the opinion that there is no chance ofthe passage f the Home Rule Bill. The Ulster League is apprehensive that there will be an appeal to the country on the question. It is appealing for fund, on thI ground that another election may take place'at Laotl t u James Hampston, of.Dueran East, near Mansfield, has tiled his schedule and a meeting of creditors in his estate %ill be held at the Insolvency Court ofices, Benalla, on the 23rd inst., for the election of trustees and other .pur poses mentioned in the Insolvency Act 1890. The Irish Nationalists at Limerick, who lately demanded the release by the Gladstone Government . of .Daly, th Fenian dynamitard, who In 1884 was sentenced to penal servitude for life, are vehemently indignant at the refusal of their request. They have denounced Mr H. Asquith, Secretary forthe Home department, who recently emphasised. in the House of Commons the refusal of Daly's r'lease, declaring thnt " Eng land is no home for assassins," and.hav made a new demand that Govertiment shall grant an amnesty to all quasi political convicts. \--=. ? ' I 