DESTRUCTIVE BUSHF1RE AT ECHUNGA. FURTHER PARTICULARS. HEAVY LOSSES. .. In out last issue we gate early information aa to the losses occasioned by the bushfire near Eohn^iga. We hate ainoe received more detailed particulars and regret to find that the losses incurred are even greater than was at first feared. Wlien it is remembered that in the destruction of wattles through Ares a period of at least fire years must elapse before the fresh growth is available for stripping, the injury to this industry will be at once apparent. By all accounts the fire started in what is kuown as '" Collier's Gully" and thenoe reached the property of Mr. T. Plane, who lost about 100 acres of grass besides a quantity of wattles, ready for stripping, and also fencing. Mr. Redmond also lost about 50 acres of grass, including wattles, and fencing. Mr. Sanders had about 80 acres of grass destroyed, besides wattles and fencing, and Mr. J. Foster lost about fonr tons of bark, stripped and lying ou his ground, which, together with about 160 acres of grass (mostly well wattled) and a quantity of fencing, was entirely destroyed. Mr. P. Farrell was a comparatively light sufferer, only about 20 acres of grass and wattles belonging to him being burnt. Mr. P. Pentose lost about 60 acres, of grass and wattles, and Mr. G. Ejavanagh about 140 acres of grass, besides wattles, his haystack being saved with dii culty Mr. >L*Day also lost about 240 acres of grass, with a thick growth of wattles, and also" fencing. Mr. James Smith coffered to the extent of about 160 acres of grass and wattles. The Wattle Plantation Company escaped aerious loss through the fire being :mastered in the vicinity of their property. i By Jar the greatest sufferers, however, were Sfessri. Mlaud P. Kkvanagh. Oat of 800 acres lield by tliem tbey hare only about three acres not-over-run by the fire. It is estimated that two miles of fencing were burnt, besides about 30 tons of hay, chaff cutter and horaeworks, six sets of harness, trap, winnower, and stable and chaff-house. The place is a scene of desolation, nothing bnt the house standing, and this was only saved by atrenuons exertions, having caught alight three or four fimk On their property was about 400 acres of wattles and bark stripped ready for removal. Other very heavy losers were Messrs. James Warland and Alfred von Doussa, who lost about 2000 acres of grass, which was also well stocked with wattles, while abont five miles of fencing is computed to have been burnt. They bad 90 head of cattle aud horses running on the land, and the probability is that some will be found dead. It has not been possible to muster them yet, as they are scattered in ali direc tions. One horse was seen with the hair entirely burnt off his tail, and others showed signs that they had been through the fire. During the time the conflagration lasted several narrow escapes occurred. Messrs. Smith and O. Jenkinson were on Mr. Kavanagli's haystack, throwing water on the burning mass, and continued there so long that it was only with great difficulty that' they saved themselves. Mr. Warland was proceeding with supplies to the men engaged in battling with the flames when a burning limb fell jnst in front of his hones. Mr. Russell suffered a contusion of the arm from a similar cause. : ,1.. A word or praise must be given to tbe hundreds who came from far and ue&r;, and it ib stated by those who haTe suffered from the effects of the fire that "they worked splendidly," As a consequence of the fire those who owned stock will be put to much inconvenience in finding feed for them. It is gratifying to know that others who have the means are not backward in lending assistance. Mr. Jeff Smith and Mr. C. Masters have offered to take what stock they can till the grass grows again. " They shall have it as long as there is any," is the friendly promise. Mr. G-. Vickerv also, in response to the application of " Charlie " that he would give the run of one of his paddocks, could not do so on account of shortness of water, bat said. There's a haystack outside; take that and . do the best you can with it." Ab evidencing the necessity for help and the willingness shown to snppiy it, it may be mentioned that assistance came from miles around. The school-teacher from the Meadows also put in an appearance with about 20 of his eldest boys and materially assisted in subduing the devouring element. This has been the most destructive fire in this district for over SO years, and wattle-growers especially will feel its effects for years to come. The origin of the outbreak has not yet been decisively ascertained, hut the prevailing belief is that it began through a man boiling a billy of water. 