THE WORLD'S FAIR. A MONTH'S HAPPENINGS. (BY NEOPHYTE.) No. 5. ADVANCE OF THE EXPOSITION. the month has wrought a wonderful change in the Exposition. The men who stood and watched the President press the button, leaving it to the joint slaves of man's ingenuity-steam and electricity to do the rest, would not identify the pic ture of to-day with that of the past. There are the buildings and the waterways- they are unchanged, of course ; but exterior scaffoldings that hid from view some of the beauties have disappeared; the huge lanes of cases to be seen in the promenades around certain of the buildings have vanished like the snow before spring warmth; that never-to-be- forgotten sea of mud through which the world's pilgrims waded-even then good- humouredly-has given place to clean, well-watered path ways; the trees, then mere skeletons shooting their limbs aloft, as it were worshippers at the shrine of their sun god, crying for the unveiling of his face and the warmth of his full presence, now present a radiancy of foliage that, bright as it is, is a restful break 'twixt water and white palaces. Then we had not an outdoor flower visible, now there is a wealth of colour surrounding the principal buildings, and Woody Island from being a chilling and forbidding spot which called to mind a ghastly forest relic of a huge bushfire, has been transformed into a nook-a host of nooks-wherein young couples can, tired of the whirl of the general sightseeing, rest and compare notes. It was a wonder before to merely gaze upon the buildings in their partially completed state with evidence on every hand of the chaos whence this partial order had been evolved, to stand wrapped in waterproofs and warm clothing and face the bitter wind that water charged came driving over old Michigan, mighty inter-ocean that he is,but what was a vision of startling proportions has changed into a dream poem. Throw aside your wraps,my friends,for-well, I was go ing to say summer is here, but really the changes baSfl me. Is it summer,I wonder, because though it be warm enough some Low I've lost track of spring? The days' are warm enough for summer, indeed I've seen them as stifling as a nor'-wester de voidt of his dust-carrying propensities (though don't from that imagine that hot winds carry no dust or you'll be sadly mis taken)-that burnirg, whiplash wind of heat that blisters you and parches up all the system, Ithose fire-laden breezes that you get when nearing the crater of Vesu vius, but we have had no spring as we Antipodeans know it. From 30deg. above zero to 85deg. has been no steady transition-a matter of three or four days and there you had it. So in the face of all this is it spring or summer ? To me it is more like summer than anything I know of, so summer bh it; and poor spring -well.I[ can at least say I saw a four days' spring in America. Away down the water ways the lazy yet withal graceful gondolas are threading the silver path side by side with wonderful little electric launches,that with an occasional low whistle to clear the road, dart in and out under the numerous bridges. Everywhere is a scene of anima tion, everything and everybody appear desirous of lending to the general effect, and that general effect is entrancing. Your vision is limited while on terra firma; come, we will mount into the clouds. You saw the white city From the elevated railroad it was a mass ing of minarets, towers, cupolas, national bunting, and a slight foreground of un finished streets. We will take the elevator in the Transportation Building, and view the scene from the tower. Your " breath is taken away by the exquisite loveliness of what you see "-is that what you said ? Well, I am not surprised, for away below you is a panorama that no brush can faith fully depict. Away north the huge build ings seem dwarfed into ordinary propor. tions, and the moving masses in the various avenues look like dolls or-seeing there is a procession passing along the midway plaisance-like unto the toy soldiers made of pewter wherewith we in our youthful days oft made merry. To the south maybe seen the Administration, Agricultural, and other buildings and the Diana, on the latter in the distance,turning witl} every zephyr,is outlined against the sky, in size like a china doll. But we cannot stay here all day. You'd like to, I don't doubt it, but you are satisfied that you have never gazed over such a dream of loveliness. Wales may boast of its rugged grandeur-minus the buildings; Versailles of its grand and petit. Trianons with their connecting avenue of trees; Italy of its blue skies, water frontages,and old palaces; Venice of her watergocked security, but no individual piece of scenery can compare for diversity and lovely surroundings with this collec tion, this creation of modern skill. Not the prized gem of any nations, but the gems of all nations in the matter of architecture lie before you, modern ideal architecture cheek by jowl with Moorish minarets, Swiss pointed gables, Roman classic severity, French delicacy, Esquimaux barbarity, aye, and evenAustralia's bark huts-all are here,not huddled up in an incongruous mass, but all with individual characteristic surround ings, and all of them bordering on a mighty fresh-water ocean. We will go down and see what is the chance in relation to interior arrangement. The directors have issued a notification to the world that the house hao been put in order. Yes, there is a decided advance, but still in many parts nothing approaching completeness has been arrived at, but who effects it ? Wonders have been worked since the opening day. In the MIanu factures and Liberal Arts Building we are nearest ,ompletion of anywhere, next come the iXachinery and Transportation Buildiegs. 'T'he electrical building is far away behind all the rest, and will not be ready for another month. Prussia--who was the unfortunate country, in that her exports &ot; frozen in the Baltic-has put on a wonderful spurt, and opens today. Of the exhibits I think Great Britain carries awuay the palm for being first in position, and her cffiial catalogue came to my hand by yesterday's post. Next come Germany, New South Wales, Italy, Denmark,France, and to-day, as I have said, Prussia. There will now bie a chance to visit the buildingo and find out first how things are in relation to exhibits of special significance. This has been impossible hitherto, for the work of to-day has had to give place to that of to-morrow. I do not think any but the captiously critical will find fault with the statements of the direc tors, for to all intents and purposes the Fair is complete. If you come to see a special exhibit it is just possible you may find it not yet in working order if it is a piece of machinery, or being got in position if a picture or work of art, but quite eighty per cent. is in perfect arrangement, and there is more to be seen than you, my friend, could accomplish the examination of, even most cursorily in all the months allotted for this place to be open. None need go away disappointed. Where com pleteness has not been arrived at the work of arrangement is pushed on during the closed hours of the Exhibition. THE SUNDAY CLOSING QI:ESTION. No finality has yet been reached in re lation to the question of Sunday closing of the Exposition,although it is just possible a decision by the United States Appeal Court may be given ibefore I close my letter, seeing that at this present moments the.court is busy hearing arguments. The history of the situation has not been unin teresting. First came the application to the Illinois State Court resullinug in an in junction being granted restraining the directors from closing the Fair on Sundays. There was joy in the camp of all concerned, but 'twas of short duration, for the Puri tanical section, East, people who doubt less will never see the inside of Jackson Park, cried aloud, and their wail ieceived some ire sure of support from a few local representatives of the cloth who mayhap feared the dwindling away of their congregations if worship of creation'sbeau ties were permitted in the park on Sun days. They like not opposition, these gentlemen, and then there was the law, the pound of flesh which they were scream ing to the Government to come and appro priate in the shape of the fulfilment of the bond. They had not cried out when the Government Walked through the act of Parliament and its stipulations, but now they were threatened and felt "oh, so good on the subject." 'Twas a situation that recalled vividly the experience of the Eng lishman who visiting thu land o' cakes in veritable spirit of adoration, the day being bright commenced inadvertently to whistle, and was told after expostulationon the part of his listener, followed by investiga tion on his own part as to the whys and wherefores-" It's the Sawbath me man, an ye may get drunk on the Sawbath, but ye munna whistle." So, so, these leaders of Christian thought, kindly spirited gentlemen who would do much for their suffering brethren, and who could go any day of the week to the Fair, would prefer to see the labouring man, who is held enchained by toil for six days, seek his recreation on the seventh in a drinking saloon, a gambling hell, or a theatre, than let him edify himself, whilst doing no harm to anyone, by visiting the greatest educational institution the world has ever seen. Consequent on all this of course following the first Sunday, the United States counsel brought action in the Federal Court to close the gates.In parenthe sielbe it here remarked that the attendance numbered 111,179 persons, and that the greatest order was observed. When the matter came before the Federal Court two judges of the three held that Government, like the kings of old, could do no wrong, that it had a right to fence and do as it liked after the passing of the act, and that the gates must be closed. It was a stag gerer to the sanguine directors, who all along believed they must win,but there was yet one more chance-an appeal to the Appeal Court, consisting of a Chief Justice and two Judges who had not sat in the matter. They seized on to this, and not a little curious to narrate, the Chief Justice had to get rid of the Fair stock which he held in order to sit on the case. Now those who are supposed to be in the know say his Chief Justiceship holds very strong views on the subject of the liberty of the people, even over the heads of a Govern ment. He does not believe that a people are provided solely to find something that takes the form of an excuse for work, to occupy the attention of a Government, but that such institutions are of the people and for the people. Rather a rarity this, even in the country of liberty and equality, for usually the impression found to be abroad seems to be that a people are a wise pro vision of providence to furnish the where withal for sundry organisations, and their leaders to grow fat and prosper. This much aside, however, there is a generally wide spread opinion based on the pertinent questions with which the Chief Justice belaboured the United States Council dur ing argument, that the verdict is very likely to go as undoubtedly the majority of the people desire it should-open gates on Sundays. It certainly affords a peculiar position even should the Federal Court order closure, for on one hand there is the Illinois State Court which says, "Close at your peril," on the other the Federal Court with " Open not on pain of direful anger." Now one of these must be disobeyed, but I think one of the directors the other even ing, when questioned in my presence as to his choice of evils, fairly represented the feeling of his brothers when he said, "Wall I guess I'd risk Judge Stein " (the Illinois State Judge). 