CURRENT NEWS. Recently 47 sheep were killed by lightning on a padldock at Bobundarah. The Lithgow Council has now taiken over the gasworks fromnthe contractors. Sixteen tons quartz from the claim of the Victor Heorizog, Hawksview, yielded 26oz. The coal trado at' Lithgow has beeoon quiet during the week, and complaint is still mardo roegarding the scarcity of trucks. John I?'Namara, a labourer, was fined £1, or in default seven days' gaol, by the Police Bench on Saturday, for riding a horse which was girthgalled. Owing to thoe recent rains the country round Canowindra is looking well. A good yield is exponted from the maizo crops, which are very forward. Tihe prisonor, Felix M1'Laughlin, who escaped from Yass Gaol 18 months ago, and surrendered himself just before last sessions, died on Friday in the gaol. A jockey named Evans, whilst riding tihe horse Darby al O'Coniell, was thrown against a barbed-wire fence.. The lad's kg was torn, and his head injured. The miners at the Nambucca IHeads gold mine started work again, having struck a fewo weeks ago owing to a reduction of wages. They now accept the mincowners' terms. SThree hundred and twenty-eight thousand divorces haIve been granted by the Courts of the United States during the past 20 years, 00 per cent. of thrm being at the suit of women. The Police MIagistrate at? Bathulmrst, in giving permission to killi.a d's'ased bullock, announcedthat lie would punish in an exem plary manner anyone lniowingly selling diseased meat. In the Police Court oni Saturday Evan Davis and James Cummings, two seamen, were each fined £10, or in default four months, for having assaulted Constable Kiing on the previous ovening. In riddition to the list of coal-mining class already published the following students passed the recent examinatibn :-Advanced : Second grado- David Durie anl Henry Cox. Elementary : Second grado-Jolhn Pressland An attempt at suicide was made at Warialda on Friday by a man named Rochford, who, it was found, had taken a large dose of strychnine. The stomach pump was applied with the result that in the afternoon Roch ford was fit to be removed to the hospital. Mr. E. W. W~hitaker (secretrry of tmhe' Fruitgrowers' Association), Mr. HHarris, from India, and Mr. George Boaloey, of Carling ford; have been lecturing to the Kurragong fruitgrowers, with the object of opening up a fruit trade between this colouy and India. The Government Statistician's report on the vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs for the year 1892 shows that during the 12 months just ended there were 14,070 births and 5512 deaths registered in the metropolitan area, the percentage of deaths to the population being 1-36. Bush'fires continue to prevail. Last week a destructive fire broke out iiin uckabil. It was found impossible to cope with the flames, and some of the selectors' lome.teads woo saved with difficulty. A fire bro~ko out on Friday to the northward; it is said to be on Melrose Plains. An inquest was held at Albury on Friday in connection with the mysterious outbreak of fire in a weatherboard house owned by James Cross. The jury returned an open verict, and added a rider to the effect that Gross and his wife had done everything in their power to prevent the outbreaks. A constable found a man, whose name is supposed to be Wilkinson, lying on the foot way near Tattorsall's Club,'Sydnoy, in an un conscious state on Friday night. By direction the man was taken to thie Sydney Hospital, to which hle was admitted. There were no external marks of violence on the man's body. The price of wheat at the Forbos mill is 3s 3d per bushel. The average yield is 17 to 20 bushels to the acre. Had it not been for the terribloe ind stornms when'the wheat was ripeninig, the yield would probably have averaged 25 bushels, as paddocks stripped before the stornm wuent from 25 to 30 bushels per lcre. The quarterly average returns of the Conm minercial Bank of Australia for the quarter ended 31st December include the following figures, those for the preceding quarter being given in brackets:-Notes in ceirculdation, £25,677 [£27,431] : deposits not bearing in torest, £305,217 [£277,010]; deposits bear ing interest, £071,555 [734,170] ; coin, £198,002 [£241,452]; advances, £1,312,886 [£1,29S,231]. The quarterly averagereturnsof the Federal Bank of Australia, for the quarter ended 31st December, include the following figures, those of theim preceding quarter being given in brackets:-Notes in circulation, £4132 [£4261]'; deposits not bearing interdst, 47,974 [£48,411]; deposits bearing interest, £03,722 [£155,O5S]; coin, £38.234 [£02,471]; advances, £293,296 [£326,484]. SThe WVorkldng Mien's Society in Ravenna having, through thelir president, begged King Hmnbert to assist them to negotiate a loan on good conditions, the IKing (says the Daily Ntes) sent them 50,000 francs, say ing, "You shall not repay me, but if you are ever able to do so, you shall put the money into a fund which you must institlto for pro viding pensions for old and infirm opera tives." About 1 a.m. on Friday an infant was dis' covered on the verandah of a house in Church-street, St. Peters. The cries of the child attracted the attention of Ms-. Hayes, residing next door. The infant, a male, was apparently about three months old, and well nourished. It was wrapped in the usual baby's clothing and ai well-worn brown striped shawl. The child was handed over to the police. The half-yearly meeting of tihe Clarence and North Coast Farmers' Association was held on Friday. ThE report showed that, notwithstanding thIe large amount of maize crop destroyed, the consigoments had been satisfactory, including 9436 bags maize, 14,329 bags potatoes, 587 pigs, 1227 pairs wild ducks. The consignments for the half 'year realised £13,108. .After deducting the expenses of management there remained £657 to credit on the half-year's opera tions. STwo young men named Williamn Dower anlid Henry Warren, son .of MIr. Richard Warren, a well-known resident of Orange, wemit out shooting near Meusllion Creek. Coming homo WarrTon noticed a walhlliiy and raised- his gun to fire. At the same time Dower crossed in front of the gun, the charge entering his back. Dower• was brought to his parents' residence and died on Fridsy. His dying depositions wore taken, which showed that the slooting was purely aceidentil on the part of WaNrreon. A young follbw named Robert Rowloy White, a son of Mr. Neil Whlite, of Jomalong Gap, was shot while out shooting on Thurs day. An inquest was held at Forbes on Friday, which showed that the hammer of thIe lad's gun caught in a twig, causing it to go off, and lodging the contents in his left thigh. A yonnger brother who -was with deceased took off liis trousers and bound up the wound, and went for assistance. When assistance arrived the lad was ina ory low condition, and he died shortly afterwd rds, A verdict of accidental death was rotuiecd. Tihe Quartor. Sessions were op ned at Armnidale on Friday.. Robert Slhiw was charged on a number of counts with receiving gold and gold analgam knowing it to have been stolon. A lot of evidence was taken, the principal being given by Johnlm Lewis, a young mnan who sold the gold aind amalgam to the prisoner and afterwards tunied in former. -The jury took four hours to de liberate, and returned a verdict of gnilty. Prisoner wiTs remnided for sentence. Isaaco Woolff was charged with receiving gold, knowing it to have been stolen. 'lTime case broke down, and the Judge directed the jury to return a verdict of not guilty. Prisoner was discharged. Two more kindred cases, all being connected with the Baker's Creek mine at Hillgrovo, remain to be heaurd. The ship Cambrian Prince arrived in port t , xpectedly last ovcling from CIllao. A meeting of ratopayers of Honeysuckle. Ward will be hold to-night at Collins's hotel. At the Polico Court to-day a batch of sea. men will appear to answer a variety of charges. The second concert promoted by the Fletcher Memorial Committee was hold in the Victoria Theatro last ovening. The annud meeting of the local auxiliary branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society will take place inh the IMasonic Hall to-night. It is proposed by the late Mr. John Shop. herd's friends in Maitland to erect a memorial over his. grave, and a mnovement has been initiated for that pulrpose. The fifty-oighth half-yearly meeting of the. members of the Australasian H.C. Guild was held yesterday afternoon. The balanc-shleet showed a credit balance in hand of £1824 4s 7d. Summonses have booeen issued by the police against a number o~ young men charging themm with bathing on the beach at the back of the hospital in the presence of ladies on the evening of Anniversary. Day. A mysterious splash in the water, followed by an agonising cry as if some person was. drowning, was heard by the signalmar? at the Carrington Bridge on Saturday night. The police have dragged the water in the vicinitv of the bridge, but no chio to tlhe mysterious noises have been discovered. At the lhalf-yearly meeting of the Cluenco and North Coast Farmers' Assaciatien the report showed that, notvithstanding the large' amount of maizo crop destroyed, the consignments had been satisfactory, includ. ing 9436 bags maize, 14,320 bags potatoeso, 587- pigs, 1227 pairs wild ducks. The con signments for the half-year realised £13,108. The following entry in the log of the steamer Driunmond Castle, bound for the Cape, tolls'a sad. tale :-On Tuesday, 7th December, 154. miles from Madeira, the Rev. G. N. Cross, M.A., a first-class passenger, disappeared at 10.30 a.m. Search was malde, but no trace found of him, and ,it was con c:luded that he had committed silicide. Last week the Parramatta District Hospital authorities received an intimation to the effect that there wad a Chinaman in the hospital, named Ah Ping, supposed to be suffering from leprosy, and the. Government ambulanc would call and take the man to Little Bay for observation. The man was taken to Little Bay. Since then the secro tary has been informed by the Secretary of tihe Board of Health, that "the pri-ious diagnosis made by the Government medical oflicers has been confirmed." This man was brought from Sydney by some Chinese mer chants and admitted in tihe usual manner. There has been a good deal of concern in the Mangrovo Creek district in consequence of numbers of lemon, orango, and other trees failing in a way that has been unusual in the Hawkesbury'orchards. Attho reoquest of the progress committee, Mr. Mackay, F.C.S., of the Technical College, has been exanmining the soils, iiand, on Wednesday evening, he addressed a large meeting at the Public School. Mr. Mackay gave an account of the soil formation of the district, and thie soil contents. In several places he had found the soil so closely packed that the natural drain age was checked. Drainage was tIe finst stop towards setting matters right. The District Court, Wagga, sat on Thurs day, being.occupied up till midnight hearing the case Robertson v. Edmofids, which was a claim for breachl of contract with regard to the mialing of a mnmunber of bricks at Junce. Plaintiff alleged that £153 was due. The jury gave a veordict for plaintiff for £111 and costs. In the ease of Jackson v. Giles, a claim for £34 on the sale of a winnower, a verdict was given for the full amount. Thomas Galvin, a selector at Oberne, claimed from C. D. Bardn·ell, a squatter, £16S dam •ages for the retention of seven ramns belonig ing to plaintiff. A verdict~ was given for £20 and costs. From letters which are once mre appeear ing in Nonconformist newspapers is EnYeland it appears that the glut in the. ministerial market is becoming greater than ever. The production goes on increasing, thus lessening the chances of those who haysve been charge less for years obtaining employment in their calling. One result is a tndenoey to' self-ad vertisement among niany in order to attract attention to themselves, and a craving for notoriety as sayers of smart things inlstead of a devoted attention to lnobtrusive work in the vineyard. One correspondent puts the problem pithily thus: "The under-supply 'of domestic servists and the over- supply of ecclesiastical servants are both important problems awaiting solution." At 11 o'clock to-day, on the premises, 18S Wolfe-street, Messrs. MI. A. Fraser and Co. will dispose of a quantity of hoisehold furniture. On the premises, Scott-street, near Newoeomen-strcot railway gates, at 2 p.m., Mr. G. T. Edwards will submit .to auction household furniture, &c.; In Ralilway-street, Merewether, to-day, at 11 o'clockl, lMessrs. Creer and Berkeley will sell by public auction the working plant and stock-in-trade of a banrupt. 