RIVERINA STOCK REPORT. DENILIQUIN, 3rd November. The weather has. been very warm during the week, but to-day the sky isovero&st;, and there are indications of rain. The outlook is not a promising one. The grass seeds are Shedding unusually early, and the grass is more than ordinarily short for tLis period of the year. The tanks are also very low, and nothing short of 2in. or 3iu. of rain will do any good. The shearing is now drawing to a close. Nearly all the larger sheds are cutout, as also are many of the small ones, and the clip is about up to the average of past years. The rivers are all fall ing. At Albury the Murray is down to 6ft. 6in. above summer level, and the Edwards at Denili- quin is down to the 2oit. 6in. level, that being a fall of about 3ft. since tlie maximum rise. It is unlikely that there will be a further rise of any consequence this season. The following are the stock passings : — 1,000 ewes from Bar&tta; to Gannon's Farm, H. Ricketsou owner ; 2,096 mixed sheep from North Goonambil to Deniliquin Boil ing Down Works, John Oddy and Son, owners ; 248 fat wethers (M'Millau's) ; 480 do do (Walker's), and 408 do do (Pearco's) to Mel bourne; 3,500 wethers from Keri Keri to Echuca, Clark in charge ; 550 fat lambs (R. Ir ving 's) to Newport Freezing Works (a very good lot) ; 204 rams from Gannon's Farm to Gornalia, EL Ricketson owner; 1,600 mixed sheep from Tarwong to Deniliquin Boiling Down Works, John Oddy and Son, owners ; 4,700 mixed sheep from Carroouboon to Moama Boiling Down Works, G. C. Claughton, owner, Clancy in charge ; 937 crossbred ewes and lames from North Wakooi, A. W. Smith owner, to Newport Freezing Works for export to London ; 204 rams from Wanganella to Jundra station, Bourke, by rail from Jeriiderie, T. Chandler in charge, T. Robertson owner ; 2,050 mixed sheep are approaching from Moodie, Hamilton Bros., for Moama, J. J. M'Phail, owner, M'Donald in charge; 1,099 wethers from Cornalla tdNew- port Freezing Works, for export to London, H. Ricketson owner; 6,005 ewes and 137 rams from Booabula for Paddiugton ; also 300 stud rams from Boonoke to Tolerno station via Hay ; 150 stud rams from same place for Netley via Hay, to Darling river. H. J. Wooldridge reports the following truckings: — On Friday, 10th inBt., 10 trucks sheep, account C. Up- bi.il, and on Saturday, 11th instant, 10 trucks sheep account H. Ricketson, to Newport Freezing Works. To-day Phillip Tracey for warded by tram to Melbourne, 610 wethers for export to Tasmania under bond. Mackenzie Brothers report the following trackings : — To day 610 mixed sheep account P. Tracey, and oiti iat werners account kj. vv aixer to .rowers, Rutherford and Co. To-morrow (Saturday) 500 fat wether's account M'Crao Brothers Werai, to Turubull, Hotson and Co., and on Thursday next 1,120 fat wethers account C. Parker, Quiamong, to Turnbull, Hotson and Co. In local transactions Mackenzie Brothers report having sold 3,500 aged e weB, and 135 rams on account of Messrs M Laurin Brothers. In local transactions Messrs Braim Stephenson and Co. report having sold 2,000 fat sheep account G. Powel, Moacguil; 1,143 fat wetners account Campbell Brothers Ettrick; 420 fat wethers account John Alston, Thononga; 290 fat ewes account John Harris Katandra; 200 fat wethers account H. Parslow, Maude, 22 head fat cattle account John Hay, Mount Mallaro, and delivery of 4,796 fat sheep account Dickson Brothers Carroonboon. Dry weather prevails in the north and west of Queensland, and stock are Buffering in most places. The country between Hughenden and the western boundary is in a very bad Btate, and if rain does not come soon heavy losses must result. At Barcaldine the heat has been intense and there were no signs of rain when this report lest. The thermometer has been up to lOsdeg. in the shade. The only stock passing ; since last report are 5,929 sheep for Lake's Creek, Parsons owner ; 7,000 fat sheep from Bimbah to the same destination, and 7,090 more are to follow from Yanburra; also 970 store bullocks from Aberfoyle to New South Wales. The heat at Angathella is intense and has been up to 123deg. in the shade. This season's wool is now nearly all on the road to market. At Thargotnindah tne weather is warm and dry. The following are the latest stock pass ings: — 1,087 mixed cittle from Eulbertie to Tfaargomindah station,- Armytage owner, Buchanan in charge ; 360 mixed cattle from Gal way Downs to Bourke, Powell owner, M'Donald in charge ; 370 mixed cattle from Mount Howitt to Bourke, O'Shannassy owner, Hubbard in charge ; 85 mixed horses from Dal- ton station to Bourke, Larkin3 iu charge ; 800 mixedcattle from Retreat to Wodonga, Christian Bros, owners, Burnessiu charge. Excessive heat also prevails at Win ton. The following are the Jundah passings: — 1,050 store bullocks bound for Nyang. New South Wales, Collins, White and Beaudesert owners, H. T. Hall in charge. At Bourke the weather has been hot and dis tressing. Rain has threatened, but none fell. The pastures are in an inferior state, and heavy rain is badly wanted. The following are the stock passings : — 152 prize rams from Molong to Wanatiring, Hebdeu Brothers owners, Spen cer in charge ; 7, 134 mixed sheep from Tina- pagee to Bourke Meat Works, Dalgety and Co. owners, Quinn in charge; 4,130 ewes from Fernlea to Bourke Meat Works, Scottish Aus tralian Investment Company owners, Burden in charge; 253 wethers from Wangamana to Bourke Meat Works, T. Green owner, M'Lean in charge; 400 fat ewes from St. George, Queensland, to Bourke Meat Works, H. Meare owner, in charge; 135 ewes from Mulga to Bourke Meat Works, Moore owner, in charge; 3 600 fat ewes from Widgegora to Bourke Meat Works, Alcock in charge, Anderson and Co. agents ; 2,900 owes from Acton Hill to Bourke Meat Works, Wyatt owner, in charge; 8,900 mixed sheep from Tooroo Springs to Bourke Meat Works, Harrison, Jones and Co. owners, Ross in charge. At Parragundy the weather has been warm since the late rain, and dustsiorms have been frequent. The only Btock passings reported are 367 fat cattle from Thargomindah to Bourke, Armytage owner, Johnston in charge. The Iiuugeitord stock passings since last roport were 11,400 wethers from Currawiuga to Gunnidah, Fowler, Car- stairs and Nand wille owners, Thomas in charge. At Dnbbo the weather has been very hot. The sluwring is completed in that district, and the clip is one of the best ever seen in that part of the country. The pastures there are in grand order, but are drying up fast, and bush-fires are apprehended. Stock passings have been few and unimportant. Very hot weather is reported from Forbes, and a good fall of rain is urgently needed. The shearing is progressing satis factorily, and the clip is said to be of excep tionally good quality. The following are the stock passings : — 650 fat sheep from Gemalong to Orange, N. A. Gatenby owner, J. Milne in charge; 8,000 fat wethers from Burrawang to Riverstone, — Richards owner, GeddeB in charge ; 2,100 ewes from Lake Cowal North to Ash&lloch;, JameB Low owner, J. D. Low in charge; 1,600 fat ewes from CadowtoHome- bash, Ed. Jones owner, S. Jones in charge ; 716 fat ewes from Dog and Duck to Homebush, A. Laneyrie owner in charge ; 45 bullockB from Forbes toHomebusb, Nicholas and Raymond owners, Burton in charge; 126 bullocks from Gadow to Melbourne, E. Jones owner, J. Strickland in charge. ' At Warren the weather is onehanged, and the increasing heat is drying up both grass and water, fiie follow ing are the stock passings: — l,i<6 wethers from Raby for Nevertire, F. Lord owner, C. Stubbs in charge ; 2,400 sheep from Pigeonbar for Nevertire, M'Kay owner, E. M'Kiy in charge ; 250 sheep from Ttorndale to Never tire, F. Thornton owner, A. Readtord in charge ; 960 sheep from Byrock to Hartley, Jinkina in charge ; 1,400 store bullocks from Tininburra for Hay field, James Tyson owner, George Piper in charge. Fr jm Coonamble we learn of very early summer weather. Toe dust has been distressing, and the flis are a most a plague. The following are the stock move ments : — 4,000 mixed sheep from Urawilkie to Balleriogar, Campbell Brothers owners. J. H. Cunningham in charge; 1,500 mixed sheep from selections at Tooloon to selections at Nebea, A. Brown owner and iu charge 6 <:00 fat wethers in three lots from Wingade j to Riverstone, via Rylstona, B. Richards and Sons owners, M'lntosh, Ryan aud O'Hal- loran in charge; 900 fat sheep Irom. Gandymungadel to Homebush, via Nevertire, Byrne and Donohoe owners, L. Byrne in charge ; 8,000 mixed fat sheep feom Gnomery station, Queensland, to Homebush, Dalgety and Co. owners, Desialty in charge ; 2,100 fat wethers from Terombone to Homebush, via Rylestone, Laycock Bros, owners, A. King in charge ; 9,000 ewes from HaddonRig to, Gingle, Rich mond and Scott owners, F. C. Champion in charge ; 2,570 fat sheep from Brenda station, . Goodooga to Dubbo, executors la e Bishop of Newcastle owners, W. B. Corrigan in charge; 834 store bullocks from Mount Hutton, Queens land to Forbes, JameB Broad owner, J. R. S. M'Lean in charge; 823 store bullocks from Caula station, Queensland to Dubbo. M'Lsod, Knox and Co. owners, H. D. Halloran in charge; 1,000 store bullocks from Limmemoor station, Queensland, to Dubbo, Muswellbrook, R. Christison owner, F. W. Luske in charge ; 6.500 ewes from Goonal to Geuauigil, Bogan River, Gilchrist Watt and Co. owners, W. M'Intyre in charge ; 1,200 fat sheep from Moulina to Homebush, Lane Bros, owners, W. C. Lane in charge. At Balr&nald; the weather has been very dry, and the a temperature excessive. The pastures are drying up and the stored water giving cut. The following are the stock movements : — Seventeen valuable rams from Chah Sing to Tapio station, Ormonde and Co. owners, A Leary in charge ; 12,000 sheep from Wonamurra and Deniliquin to Lake Victoria, South Australia, Tully aud Co. owners, John Ross in charge; 7,212 sheep from Gonn and Melool to Lake Victoria, South Australia, Tully aud Co. owners, Angus Hifowof an in aLow/va Tha f aIIahtivi rm of aaL necfl. iUMOVJU 111 vUClilgvt AU« IvUVm Ulg QlvvIV ings are reported from Hay :— 1,000 head of bullocks from Cunnanulla station going to Echuca, Major in charge; 7,000 sheep from Oxley to Booligal, J. C. Holmes m charge ; 850 sheep rom IlliUawa, J. Dale in charge; 320 sheep from Illillawa, G. Gormly in charge ; 500 sheep from Nine Mile Box, W. R. Parker in charge; 300 sheep from railway yards, G. Reithauser owner; 200 mixed sheep to Sydney, R. Weir owner. — ' Pastoral Times." 