T "t " '. /_ýa.Tuesdavs tnd ?irs .rid " TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19,;1893 1 TH .'NATIONAL OUTLfOOK. "TiE inothing good or i ld'bbti C. thinking makes it so.' During the last few?,ears"t iht' is, siace the bursting of -the land boomi especially'the collapse Sof; the banks .-people have'; done little else thani to complain ,about ,the shortcomnigs of the times As a~s~~~ilt: depression has not only become a haousehold word but a sort of abstract a ma ady ?.-As J ucih it has, attacked " the buisiness affairs of nien onevery side in such a way that" iths honeycoilibed the whole of our commercial life, and, tlike a canker of the body physical, has committed . serious depredations. on the mind of the community. In a word, people have been under the ban of the disease so long, that,! although;,the country is now, picking up the threads of 'its lost fortuines ' as-fastly as.-.it can do so, four out, of- every. six individuals in the; colony have still dot ldepressioni on:til brain .:' Now the -sooner'thatl persons thus affected seek -emancipation from the incubus 'by w:hich they are encumbered the bette it w ill" be for -them, " and, in fact, for: us ':.all.a n. It"" is true. that during the year now .;so near an: nd the comminity had hliard and bitter tinie of it the good.folk.of Benalla being, unfortunately, ,no..exception ?ito' the r'rle- But, with the idawn of 1894, they ought to have no serious grounds' of complaint, because on every side of us there is evidence ofe general advance ment.'ad the prospect of abright iand prosperous future." It was a most for iunate thing for.the country tihat, in the midst of all.the excitement and so-called prosperity` which prevailed i few years '-ago, the dairying , industry ?as as well established as we now can see t is, other. wise the community would have been 'a, great-deal worse thianit hias ben. As it is, thigs ire iin "a pissable condition -a circunistance priicipally due to the fact that the' farmer, the first producer of the country, has, by. the: disposal- of h?is butter in, the London market, com: menced a new life upon the soil; ani, as time goes on, as other industries such as those offwine and fruit develops and'as our: population increases, there is very little doubt hbut thiat Victoria will be better off than eve it; has been. Meiantime the commuiityought tosclio?o? itself tosimply forget the past, for, as already indicatedTthe bla?lekst days have expired,~Wand ttlhe, asisi of i the desert is in viewwjThat thls is reallyso is generally agreed,? but, unfortunately, I there issuch a lot, of croakers every where, that-a-large section of. the comi munity are being still keptface to, face with the form 'of 'an old 'spectre= lamely, that of diression-rwh(chi'='ls frighte;ned?ii'c aid 'io6.alike??teatediit nearly "'very home,; and: stalked, the' land_.. both._, day..-. and d?night. .not.in.robes ..of..;.white,,.npor like a. skeleton, but in the. garb of a most+, hideous ainds l ,rreipressible dem only It will bedoubtlesshard for those whose hearts have been wedded to the money-bag and who' have lest theiri all thr6ugh the' crisis'relating' to the ban ksto forget thcordeal hereIi experienced; but nevertheless 'i is a fact that as croaking engenders nothing but. irritation and., displeasure,.;.only. those ,who, in' the, future ;work with, sfout hearits 'fd oaf' will "tot forget tthe past, are" destined to achieve..suecessi: Meantii?e tihe colony is not ?early?as depressed as croakers say it:is ;and' thus. it comes to pass that, ti this iarlicular connection, ald, as we have lready stated i thle beginning of th'i article,> there is nothing good nor bad A short: ti iii::bac a depttihon of - -the-.)Dairyman's - Association --waited an the Minister of raihlways mnd urged tihat funiitioiiary;to provide refrigerating cars'1 for :the~carriage of butter from country. districts( to Melboiurine. Mr Ric?lIfirdso replied tothe effec't that 'if personis requiirirg 'he liaccofmiimodaioni mentioied would pay :from Sos to '6os per cwt for it, the department would s~upply it. According to' yesterday's " Age" the railway commissioners have reconsidered the nmatter, and. liave t dcterniined to commence ice rnainsa ki on tlifeir own accouint, especially as the cost of doing so will not be more than ' 'os:or sos per ton.': ', _ k Zir Du Saxe, surgeon,-dentist, will visit Benalla today, anud may be cou- i suited at the Boenalia hotel, , " The amount of rates collected in the various ridings of the Shire of Benalla during the past year, was £3,225 5s 3d as against £5234 13s 7d for the prey ' vious twelve months, or a deficiency of £2059 Ss 4d. As a consequence of this falling off, thie amount..of Govern ment subsidy which last year reached £8294 17sg9d only comes to X£852 12s 6d for the year just einded. The re ccipts:from the recreation reserve only realised £l19 os 6d whilst r125 S8ss6d hadbeen expended in connection thdre 3 with.l,-The receipts from the same source last year were £326 17slid ?ind the e.~penditure£379 3s ld'i. Front these figures ; it' will bIe, seen that last year thed reserve failed , to-pasy its way by o?? ly+ a516s. iod st whilst thits year the expenditure iex c ceeds the; receipts by £33 reels. The amount expended on shire works dui ing the year was £86973s5 which' Was e apportioned '.as follows;:-- Deveriish e riding,?a55s?4s:..d ; Mokohni riding, £.175,' 9s.3d,; chntralridlng,`'?781 i29gs ' d; I'Tatong riding,'£1676 7s',7d; and a VWarenblayne: ridigi £s9341i as 2sad t The previous year's:woii rks cost £827 s. d, their being'a slight indcease' for the past twelve months ; cSSalaries show n a"decrease ofi bout £idoo thei amdunt dj paid'' list year being- £,054 ii6s: as 'agains' £k . .....i ' ' "The application of. Henry Dennis for 9s iga, of land,,in the parish of Toorour, n is gazetted iapproved.h.'d 1 : :-,'lie following is .tlie ' Australasian 's" Iestimate of the crbps"i-In the Goul e buri' Valley the:crops .ir fairi on the e i'hole, blt :.thiy' are far froni: being as_ good as last year. I?Iimedidtely north of the Dividing Range.they are geher' it' ally light, but; they are gradually on' the x nmprove as one goes north towardsa the Murray, particularly.,. between 1tli: murkahi and Cobram; In this locality e the yields this season iill :be better k than last year, and this i is ;i" remark which cannot be made concerning any other: district in-Victoria! The ditfer ence is due to a local; thunder shower which fell at a timeiwheh ' the. moisture :was much needed,! Such isithe luci of thewheat-grower-. East. of Colram a few' miles, about Yi;rria'onga and r Wangaratta, the crops are ivery poor; .while in a -westerly direction,' through S"The,Terricks,';. and Gunbowier district they are no better. '-In 'Rodnley county, 'as elsewhere, the crops arej, invariably s good on new land,..andhad on the' old cultivated ground, especially where they f were.late in bdeilng sowr.'. . S:A sale of. Crown lands in fee simple wivill be held at. Euroa- on tle z4th of January iext. ' - A return has been'published by: the Goverinment Statistician, New. South I Vales,._ regarding. the wheat crop now, being harested. According 'to tiis returi the airea to be harvested is 594,ooo acres; cbinipared witli 45292t, acres last year. Thd yield will: be ?500,0oo00iuhels as compared vwith .6,87,457 bushels, and the average per acre 11 b'2'ulieili!'compared with,;xs5 ,bushelsper. cre last year. The average ,yield is labidiuteual to that of the last so years.: Generally the grain iill be good, buton the northern table- larids the crops F are suffering slightly from rust, and I un the: cedntral table-lands great damage has been done by hail. .-- : i SThei.following arangements have been made for the Christmas 'iid New. Yehr's holidays in the Post Office ind Telegraphs department:-On Christipas Dayoperations will bI entirelysuspeoded L and.no business. of any ;kind willf be tarinsactedI". In cases where mails other than daily ,mails are despatched I fromai post-to.en and return. tlereto on the same'day, and one off, the days' of despatch -'is Monday, '-:suchi mails, inistead of being forwarded on Chiist niasday,- \ist be sent the day following. Oni'BoxitigiDay and New 'Year's Day all post offices will be closed ..to Ithet .( pblic'it ?io??;i , and the-first delivery only by letter carrier, will'l:e 'effected, but'all country-mails will be received and despatched as usual. ,No mniey .orderi6r iPsvings-bank business will be transacted, and the telegraph offices will li'oopen from 8.30 a.m. and from' 6-p.m:'to;7 p.m.nj' On December ?7th and January. 2nd only; the 'one'y-order, and savings bank businiess will be sus pended. .......... . isThere are noi ess than 2,530 justices of the peace in the ci 'fait' which was ,scarcely, credited lby J the" Solicitor-Uenerali on r being., brought. iiiider his ;notice. ';:Friesli h prlicants for the;`offiid?strehgth'eni'th'ei r claimi by stating that some. justi:es seldoni attend the police courts,. Inquiries 'hiave sh-biin sthWii th"e? ' ar!3talt6ggther to`onai rmdigistratestin the . olony,, sodthat-the'7court houses shodld) b'i enlarged if all honorary justices i'nsisted iitih'ehr;$eits on the Besch. -ThelAgricultural department lisi en deavoing to,pave the way to the est:a bliihsient' of 'an export trade i foir Victoii~i' po6ilryi 'i. It?is t 'Woniidred thiatpoultry farmiig:u'iiirid&'guch con ditioins ?'s previil iii mostpit p o.? thbf is colonjy may he:made a .most profi sle puIrsuit..wheis conducted intelligeintly' farmsers a? d ithers to unsi trn o isre i of their atteietion tioithis busisiess a. pampihlet is iin course of'dpreparat?on by djrection of theodepartnent givinS In" formation asto the best timeirfor ship ping poultry away, the prices likely?to, be realised .at various periods 'of:the year in Londn-cost of freight, kild of i poultrymostpreferred nnd- sucl' other j information as is calculated to h e of . e use in opening up a irade. ' f SThe'Christmas ~:Tree and Jumble Fair in aid of the finds of Holy Tiinbiy' Church, B3enalla, opens to-mdrrow evening in the Ideal IPechabite Ihall t The Sale of fancy work, etc., will..bei supervised by Mlesdames Allen, Eddy , and Henry, assisted by the ladies of the- Church Decorators' Guild, hilsti theChristmaisTred will be under the I charge.ofMiss.Tatham and Mr Ii. G. u Stdwart. The fBnnahla string bani has~ kindly consented to play a selectibri of ' l music on the opening evening. :.It is' hoped that the funds of the church will U le substantially benefitted by theFair. dr he A suggestion has been.submltted:.t I' Ia the Lands department for dealing with 3d selectors who. cannot pay their rent e through having undertaken to work too, of large an area of land.. ..The.acting of Surveyor-general (Mr. Callanan) pro rn poses that one year's arrears should' be ed allowed, but that where a selector' oid'd 2s two years rent the department should re- arrange to resume a quarter of the area;i. ly In the event of there being three:years' ad arrears one half should be resumed, and re- if fouryears, three-fourths of" the areah. ne Any tent paid,, by. : the:;il soi nd lector for the whole would be counted nm as puirchase money for., the remaininr-g en portion: of the sland. No "extensive ed amendment of the lai would, it.is said od lie required, as the arrangement would Sbd? made by 'iutuial 'consent : Wiehere ie those ??i 'rrears iould not agree to ur- sch an arrangenrent,itliey would ,iha?e to ibipay ?ip or have tleir:leases forfeited, 'The: improvemeni'ts '(oi' the'rIresumned' 1g, land would- be - credited -to. the.. old 9s' elector and debited!:to vthe: incoming d on e: ' .d i ;7 '! .. A Brisbane correspondent of the "Age " states that Willie,one of the Dora Dora blacks, was charged with wilful murder on Thursday last, and will be brought to Victoria in charge of Constable King, who captured him. The police assert that there is positively no evidence on which the Dora Dora or Benalla crime can be sheeted h0me to the two blacks who decamped from Benalla in 1891. Previous to his death the Russiann settler gave the numbers of some of the stolen notes to as the police, but his death and the pro- bable disappearance of the notes re- move all criminating evidence. It is regarded asqucstidnable: whether the confession made by Willie, would be sufficient of itself to secure a con- viction. At Euroa Court of Petty Ses- sions, on Fridaylast, a woman named Mary Donnellywas charged with steal- ling a gold watch, the property of Mrs Phillips, a resident of that place. The offence was committed about, a fort- night ago ; the prisoner, being arrested at Albury. The bench considered the case proved, and sentenced the accused to two months' inprisonmen with hard labor. The amount subscribed to date by the Victorian police towards the Mont- for testimonial is £1oo. On Saturday last at Yarrawonga, Mrs M'Pherson, formerly of Boosey, died of paralysis. The deceased lady was 72 years of age. As the result of an interview with the Minister, two trains per day will henceforth run between Yarrawonga and Melbourne until further notice. " All lines tickets " will be issued during the Christmas holidays at the rate of £5 first class, and £3 second class- These tickets will entitle the holders to make as many journeys as they like on the railways during the period from the 20th inst to the 20th prox. ie The farmers-on the northern `plains of Bendigo, finding that wvheat-growing at present low rates,does, not pay, I are s 'seeking to reduce the :cost ,ofproduc 'n f'ioni,: ' At'a recent: nieeting- at, Riunniy' : mede,'iiear Elniore,; the farmers assem bled to.consider the questipon'of "pices I e for threshing for. tlhe seasion.' It was Sdccided'that ~£?;ros per aoolbiags be d given for threshing wheat or barley up to oo bags, over that amount..?2 5s d zoo bags.;,oats, : 5s .per .o 'bags e up to 300oo bags, over that, amount zL2. Is It was also agreed: ithatt £z be the d charge for setting down to stacks up to 8o b'bags; and'that' thet miiachineoowners f -be compelled tousessnfety matchestand see that the men employed'have'covers on their pipes. ; On Saturday last, the booths, fri the y forthcoingNe Year's day races, were e sold b' Mr Jdh'h Hassett iat "O'Callag y han's Benalla hotel" Mr Lapouple, ,'of, I, the Club hotel, Benalla, securedi the d publican's booth for'£2 ]as.s, Th46 gates y were sold to Mr .H. Grubb for L3 isos.. e Whilst the,,Chamber, of Deputies ', 'was,, sittiig", "in;-Pris on Satur day last, a bomb ias 'tlirowi' frim ; one h of the galleries. It exploded in the air r r, scattering a shower, of slugs ,principally c .amin'gst:the;galleries.,. Fifteen depu-. ,1 'tiesql weifedwouniled,,and AI65 other s persons. The atrocity is credited, to c t' Anarchists,. 'a' c e At" thd' last nieeting of the North. n t" eastern 'Dairymen's; Association. held in c Benalla .last' wieek,'it, was ,'decided to n iastitheirailvayy department, for special 'n facilities bf, transit foE, export: butter, itn 'i the shape of a' bi- veklj s.irice"of' s r cddl'trucks:.' This request wasaccededed i: to,.subject to'a"chiarge of £za sos each fr Strip. Seding"tliat the Government has d I been .giving bonuses, etc,' for the en- h couragemoent of the butter industry, lI .ihis charge irs ineplicable. :lUailess the' 'l b1utler can be i onveyedl r to Ithelplace of, o e'x iort igob d oditioditioit: is of no as I use sdiiding it, iid'thiis tIactshould hbe G Itriongly improssed upon -the Govern ment: ot Xounghuslan1i and, .Co. i wool- sr ,brokers, repart:-'-Ve Iherld our weekly a sale :on ;eVcdnesday, last, ,when theretil i?as a'lange attendanc r?o "iltiuerss, an th spirited ,bidding.i' Wesoldxi58 bales. tl A nidce ch'lip of croisbred, iffromMans- :be field, sold.at:8?d foa "?lii:" c"'i'6sbred, th '84d' 'forrsc scondi?Lincl'n;t'i Nd '.for oc merino,' 8d folfirst, piees,,ands5dor fr secondIpieces andl ~elliet . A'clip from pr fr6tn tihe saime' litrtiit,'m ark'dd Bar 1-ga jaarg," 'SLdalis'cd'83d for' t7. bales of ib .crossbred. ,- A lot branded W.D.C. ex ovo? e'irioneysu'ickld hduglh'i8d for cross- po ,bred, 7d fori erinoandy dforlumbs' The Lands department has detided to toimake'a;vail?hile for'setitlement 70ooo 'acie's of lard-at ,Kipgslake.;:'The area. tq hss dt'yet been su'reyed.' I'bir 'SScbt'ch aid pd' iioviciir:il ti~i'is ,of rgiv Australian-butter are at present selini?g' Iladrge.ightiiti!ies iii ?'0n don, hs~lt.tdyiare unabletol plcqitlob'lo'chlriifrkets, ' lb v-,is es(ii,'-id 'that the toial co6ilsin' PF ;t.&:'i-cat libel ease of Spiiii?'v. the ?" Age'wi)l ..imount to ncit:' a-,o, ooo.d tpdi ,?, t ,dit,.eo6uhrel's fees on tlie is SdG,-nIite's idamo'iuto5'i .,7oo. to ' Oil Satirday last a cricket Ith took place at Euron, betke h nt representing that place and a tes . 'The.:visitors went first o th ngrat ng and made,a good.stand, thel in1c1i1ts 10 falling at 140. On the homet asti it e in to bat, a fine stand aS mslade " pleaj~san~i atook "out'ri bt' id Thehole tatii- were fort o !aL We ngaratt0. victoti for 36. rs, his is the secoriddeteiL'o rd 'caxpieneicedat thet e Is i has ; thpresent season. - indols %o o, 1eP I.R H"l.,\dentist a> ed his usal niomnthily visit ! Benss' ^ g 'Friday next, and may hea onel' Ne thBeinalla hotli roel n frm 9 Sn,,t rd . rJobis Little, iah old -an dt 4. Idd knwnaresident of, Beollas died 'e11. e suddeinlynat his residenoe e nid to morning last. , Decessed bad bee n Sdtgfor some considerable time, but d ' n oth in 'aerio us w o app re hd ed. tlioug thle complairt froin whie Id he suffered was a serious o,,e i g ,the mornieng in question b as going' for a drive, but, purposd he suddenly unwell, the doctor ean, htia he summoned, and Mr Little shgitn th" afterwards expired. Born i'C Itl df ,Fermanagh, Ireland, in, 1833 iOa. f -Little, removed with his payont to In. iAustralii, landing -in Melbourh e i ly 1844. The faily settld firt st Ira Mount A6lexandra. but only reniained Le therePbout a year,! after fhicrll iey en took up lend on the Broken lrier, sis where they and their deecendnnts lha he since remained. Mr'ittle *iorkd 0, to tihe farm, with'foiii'"ther till abst o0- 1864, wliei'""he imbirked re- business a':iicattl edealer. Posse, is sing ill""thei 'Lnecesasary businne le astutdid 'anil rabticil knowledgs ts he fit liiiifi Th'liiB"dilling, 1he soon be. n- diinlkiow''asone ofotlie naoits-ac. *"cedsfil'deiilr-'sHin the Northi-eaitern dig. *'zt"Iri t. "Bi'nUie time ''fter 'starting ed 'buiianieBs,sAVLittle selected land at Ia- OGr% i5?Hilliithili'h, however, he soon rs sold'iftitho.a Mfr'Simpsoo n and retired he for a'tinie." Not finiding a life of in. rt- idtisity''t 'his't.natiia'e 'again entered ed die' world'of bs'inessld remained le ' 'It-nore lr'l iitill'the time of bi ed' e'btelaD6bcened-a' w n sa posiessed of con rd, jid'i-ble iproperty ini tlin 'ditrict, in. 'clidi 11'1farm s'atMk'le;Minr Wint oa, by Benill nand 'MountPleiitsain and some it- land leftthii5" i y "liis"father, near Goorranji'strit'Mr! Lit'tle wns of a fine ;, geiiial 'teimperahiti'ti'; and in all his y, businOss" 'transactions his wored was dy 'cniisidered 'asgoid "as his linond.' De. "'iiense'd, wli'iowas a brbtheir of Cr Little th' iiiel ivsorMs'rGeorge anid VWilliam Little 11a onthi townV'wak'never mtiirried;' The g;a fu'ii'e'alltoo'ok"pliice at the local ceietery oi0' Sii6urday liisr and was largely -d atteniddal'theobse ques at tile grave se being performed IIy the Rev. J. Allen, id Swaginenare both iinmerous and ill ei' lbelived th'is yEi'r.""''is reported in our s' 'issui'of Friday, twi ten'orf'thi" class e were heavily annied" 'b'the 'Wihgaratta it bench a few"days before for assaulting a couple"of policdenicai""ahd on Tuessay is last twd.omore 'ere sim-ilarly dealt with ig at Tiiungamaih, the '"offence for which re they'vere' thlius piiunished being riotous C coinducidt a 'd einanding liquor. from y'i 'dome. of the'l cal publicans. \- I" On 'Sunday" evening last a child of s I rRobert Giardiier, Benalla, agedabout as seven, years, ssuccumbed to an attack 2 of diarrhak'-t'a" comiplaint now rife p throughouit the Mfistrict. is A church organisti 'naeilid Thomas .s Jordan was finrid,irn Sobth 'Melbourne, . oil Thursday lasti'forgros" risbehavior ie in a public place'" "'"" " ' a About 65o66" wa iraised in Mel. s bourne on 'Hospital Suinday- 0zooo d less than lait'yeatr "'' s Francdis'Kn'dr,' who' was last week found"gauiltf dof "child- murder and rec e miriiaed ' fori''sintence, was on Friday ' ldstlbriioght before Judge Bolroydand " 'deiitdnced 'to' deaith;"'His 'honor held If 'iiut' n' ih'ip'e of a reprieve -ani d oi hear. e 'ing her'doom pronounced, the wretched woman coipletely, collapsed, and had o. .to'be'carried from the court. a Mr Richrdsoii, 'the, Minister of Rail ways, ihas'iranged'&d; to visit the Hedi e district 'dutring ,' tlie present week, to make a toiur'of insp ectioin .over the x country travcrse'dlbyl' the projected line "frofi'Glenrowarinto Hedi. " '"iThii'New Zealanid Loa ian' d 3fer canblile Agency Comnipany reports:-At our wool sale"'oh Thursday we sub. mitted"iilarge'an'd' attractive catalogue, conmipriiiig '7,86o' biles. There was a numerous'- attendance of,'buyers, the I mairket'tbeiiig very;firri at, last" week's I' rtes., Gressy realised 'ptip' to II4d, F'r id scouriird I53 Sd'per b '' I Distressing accounts are. to hand from Central Riverina of the damage done by bush'fires. In the neighbor hood of Coolaman, where Mr P. Kelly, late of, Goomalibee, ,noj3v resides, Sabo it'oo6icres'of grasswere destroyed on Stinson's estate, and the-fire ran over an area of 40,000 acres in Booth's G6bbagumbalinrun. A servant in the employ of Mr Hayes, of Seymour, had a narrow" escape from snake-bitean1Fridayjlast. Whilst getting a log df wood ini heer.'c employer's yard, a tigerisnakeiabpiout|5,feetalpngglided up the front of 'her 'apron.' The girl had the presence of mind to put her hands behind herlbackiand step to one side, Ithe reptile falling to the ground with out having a chance to bite. *1 ;sTSwanpool;butter,;factory is at present putting throughi'g about 95" gallons lof milk pdaily.,'. Part. of the buter resultiig therefrim'''is being »xported,,and has/so far realised 9d per lb. Application ..was made to the Minister of Rainlways, on Thursday last, to run a Sunday train to the Goulburn Weir in connection with special services to beheld at,,that place by-the com bined chliurches ' The Minister will give the request isisconsideration. Mr 'W.' Hocking,, whorfecently occu- pied tlic positioniof lhead teacher at thle ilenialla'\Vest Sinte"schbi'ol, lias been appointedl to asimilarposition at Beau The following transfer of aleasehold is gazetted registered at the Titlesoffice: From'T. S. Hutchinson to Herbert G,, Gregerson, as49, Tatong. \- -it.has-·been reported_-to. the..local police that on the z5th inst., Thotnas Looney, publican;, of Rutherglen, was robbed of a- silver.watch and gold chain. Looney retired to bed at.midnight on the date named," leaving his watch and chain',on the 'dressing. table.' =In;the n orning, he'fiound that the) had been removed, and at once 'gave'informfiati~ot to the police.. Tswo.: spielers," who occupied the next bed-room are susLi 'pected."' "P k' o: | The close':season for, ducks finishes to-day,' and; jfi ,iew, "of the large num' her. of .that, class of game which has rccentlyh been, seen in. the neighbor hood of Bentalla, good sport ought to be obtained., . ., The adjiurdie' anual meeting of the' Benalla Shire, Councilwill be held: on' Thruisday next,' when' the'auiditors' report, and balance.- sheet will be dealt with: .. '.. Thdinas Williams, who was remanded to Dookie at last sittiigs"'of 'liE'"local Court of Petty Sessions, on a charge of doing wilful damage to property, was brought before the bench at that place, on Thursday last, and fined £L and £t gss : : .. ,. -= , ,? .. . A movement is on foot amongst several local residents, to start a class after the new year,' fdor:th'e 'Cttudy of social and political eciono'.land kindred subjects.. During the Christmas holidays a lawn tennis tournament will be played in the local recreationi 'reserve, amongst. members ,of.the Benalla Club, The; prizes will consist.of a racket and a pair of' tennis :shoes:,and "'it " is r expected .that there will be'"abouit'tiventy 'com petitors. ' i';', r At noext meeting of the local shire council, a' successor" to'MrJ nor-Brock, late rate-collector: 'andvaluator f! the shire, will be appointed. The applicat, tions for the position are very numerous, ahd.sonie'littlde diffidultywill bieexperi enced.in making a selection. , A special meeting of the Executive Council will b'e held early in the lnew 'year; to !cbnsider ! the i dse 'of Frances Knorr,, .now, lying in,,,the Melbourne gaol, under'sentence of death for child murder.:'" . . . . a A terrible boating ,fatality ocdcurred in:Sydney,ton Saturdayj last, resulting in the:loss of.eight lives. - ,it The crew of the ship Trafalgar, which arri·edih inMellibiurie friom'iBatavia, on Saturdajr' last,' ha've .passsed through a terrible epeijienice. Shortly after leav isngport,'fever :made its' ppearance on board, the.captain, officers and several : of,, the,crew,,dying. from the mnialady. Thes'cmrimandodf the ld'ip devolved on one of the apprentices, named ,Villiam Shotton, who, though suffering severely himself,,ssucceededin,,?waking port safely. An illicitfstill" was discovered in a cottagenat StrKilda, hy ta couple of plainclothes police, on Satuirday morn: Siag'last,'everything being in full i wing at the.time. Twd men founhd on the premises:were arrested and a quantity -ofl; neiwly.manufactured :::spirits ! was seized. . Th?diias Odwensa ' rmfarmer, WVaggaran dall, ga~~i'ihformatioin'to the police last 1 week, that a diaught mare belongihg to him, branded 23 on hearshoulder, had been removed from a: reserve on the t Broken creek. The'hmare was last seen I in October; aiid odi' search being made , theolther day shd?was' ndot tt be' iound. t It is- thought' the i animal ihals been "siolen;ariid'the police' are, prosecuting enquiries in' regard to her.' - At, next. meeting, of, the Benalla Shire Council,; Cr, Joseph Blackburne t will move, " that the Council take` into a considk'ratorinthe desirability of dispens. ing witli'the sevices, of the engineer or such-other steps as may, lbe deemed advisable."" .I ,: , ' . 'l ' I ,Mr Purves finished his speech for, the defendanit fithe Speight v", Age" case, on.-Friday last, having spoken s ,nearly four days., ni ; a r Willie,,the Dorn Dora aboriginal ar- l .rested'in'Queensla?ld.recently,,is to be sent frona;Bilbine ti?o .Albury, as he t -was,, charged , on a zwarrant issued I cat I the latter, place. TIe,,l police i consider there, is,.: hbetter chance of "proviing th6 Dora 4Dqra murder=' thirn':?thel. Benalla outrage. There'is'ino direct evidence, but Iit is alleged thiit the?'murderers changed a' stolenibaik not'e with'a Monaro store k?eeprirwh'ca'n ideintify !them. A fearful domestic tragedy has oc curred at Albury.' On Sunday last, a man named Poppleton, who has foi some time past been living in a but on the bhaikdof the .Murray, quarrelledj with his,wife asid struck, her a .severe blow across the temple with an, axe. I The injured woman was discovered some'd tiiiieaifterwards :and removed to the hospital where it ,was' found' she had sustained' a fracture of the !skull. 'Search was made for Poppleton; and in the eivening hiir dead hody was re co' ,ieredfrom the "Murray. 'l A ) slioirt time ago hlie attempted suicide by .!drowning butwas rescued..by his soc. On Friday veing igeiLt' the Benalla Stritig and will give a vocal nad in strumental. moonlight coiidert in th local show- grounds. At the close thereof a collectiotn will be mide' ir 'aid of' th'i ban.d'funds? 'iridit:is' hoped the publio will respond liberally, seeing thit the members have -always betn to thel; front ,in. giving assistanice tot loosi charitei. .eTh'e' ioll'Sin'g pcjrogamnime lhas been preparedfor this' dccoson : Overture,5 BScotch Airs," Band song, "Death of', a Nelso,," Mi Tihdall'; song, "Anniet I'L'rie(" Miss 'Caiii cornet solo vitli variaeions&l; Mr T. G. Williams: Isong;, nBritish Lion," Mr Hairtrick :innis'etf6i.""suir De iLdp,', Band ;song, I.A.Soldier.andd Ian,i Mr T. HIanlon ; song, ~Romany:ass, MIr rraser song; Miss Davis; song, " Villsps"'Blisksuilhi Ui rTind"ll; Galop, Steoplvteliiiedi d. Th affa ir 'will iconcludeolih latomg" on the -green.. J'- liio'' " . SGrasshoppers h vermade their appear; ance in the Clhiltern idlistric .'and re Sdoing much damage,, a ? @,-,ic e The Mur-y rivgr h'as' been a in tin g 'f& 'miidiisa'nce of five 'mileis tobl6o the Alluryrmilway bridge, 'n!lns'lrafa V? T t :-t -complaint .,has..been-made ,thatl some Swedish whe'at which the Depart ment of Agriculture distributed as rust .resisting among several farmers in the Goulburn Valley for experimental growth has developed rust. The secre tary for Agriculture explains that the ,wheat was received from the Swedish Government as rust-resisting, havinig been found so in that country. Only a (sniall quantity was distributed here, and it is regarded as satisfactory to know that:as the wheat is'susceptible to rust, no further; trials will he made with it. It is thought that the only way to overn, conie" rust" in to !iroduce:a' wheat by crossinig,. '?id'. to deteriine.,by local experimenti?i wlat' varieti. trsist the scourge or are less 'liable" t'"it than others. ',Experiments ,with' this object in view, ae now7 being, carried on 'in various parts of Victoria and thdie adjoin ing colonies experts. 'e ' i: The residents of Yarrawongi'are evi dently alive. rAt; anmeeting held there last week'it:w.s'decided to petition the' Government to reduce. the excessive freights beingcharged for goods between Melbourne and Yarrawonga. The meet ing was- well attended, and resolutions' wer p?assed aiid irdered tob'be sent to the proper quiarters: ? : The stppliers of milk in connection with the Tatong Butter Factory are realisin" 6d.?pie' :l1. fdiotheir butter:i Under the system wvhich obtained last year they used-to-get on an average of about 2z)d per gallon for milk. But this season a 'new?plian has ibedn intro duceed whereby they are paid for their, butter alone the price already medif itioned) Sruppliers in 'the''main prefer. this to the system originally in vogue.. In the course of a few weeks more they will be still.more satisfied, the share holders of their company having lately ,decided r tol; procure nmilk-testers- the: most -ensible course that could ; be taken, inasmuch as this, that suppliers ,}vill be, allipaid.in fitture.according to the results obtai?e'd froi their riiilk.I In view of &lheifalling; butter market in London the Kilmore Dairy Co., directors last week, reduced the price of miilk by. one.farthiling per gallon viz., a3., dafinig?from"the lath inst. : , DEAFNESS COMaPLETELY CURED I Any' person sufferiifigfrom deafness, noises in the ,head,,etc.,,.may. learn ofia iew. simple treatment, which is proving very successful in completely curing cases of all kinds. Full particulars, including: many unsolicited testimonials and news paper.press notices, will be sent free on application. Thle system is without' doubt, the most successful ever brought' before, the, public...,, Address, Auro, 'spcialist, Albihj'- Biiiidings, 39, Vic-, toria Street, Westminster, London,?'i S. -. 