THE BENEFITS OF CO- OPERATION. i [BY APPLBBLOSSOM ] J Lost week I alluded to bho ndvis-¡ abiliby of united action on tho. part of ¡ owners and occupiers of land in every fruit growing ana agricultural district of tho colony, to control the fruit bree. pests. I would now add the rabbit pest, rust, in wheat, and many othor similar troubles to which they are unfortunately subjected to the category of subjects iu which, they should, join . one anothor to remedy existing evils. It would. bo co-operation of a character which,' they may take my word for it (having seen ib in operation in many lands), could not fuil to improve, the lob of all concerned. In my opinion it is the missing link among the country communities in such a magnificent counbry as Tasmania really is.' Every- where the system is extending, till now oven social und polibical economists uro taking it up, and claiming for.it great things in the way of moderating the severity of the competitive system of our times. A generation will probably pass away before any delinite system of capitalised co-operation will succeed, for the simple reason that copitnlised co-operation can only be made to work satisfactorily under especially favour- able conditions, because working mon, whilst of coutte willing to share profits, aro nob willing to share losses. But the sorb of co-operation which I would advocate amongst agri- culturists is more.of the character of mutual co-operation, by which agri- culturists or tho ordinary typo can operate to grow in many matters to their greab mutual good. Leb lis sec how it works in othor countries. In America the principle of co- operation or mutual combination lias made the vast western stoppes into gardens, and throughout the States and. Canada, the. mosb successful agricultural work is managed in this way. Also in the fruit-growing and .wine- making, districts of. Franco and Italy ; but iu Australasia little of it lias been attempted until vory lately. In Victoria the bublor-factory system is opening the oyes of the farmers to the many advantages obtainable by combination, the industry being mado exceedingly profitable by all putting their milk into the churn,, as it were, and two or three hands, with the aid of tho labest machinery and appliances, making the butter fand infinitely better butter) for all of them at once, thereby eflecting an enormous saving ' in. labour and expenses. The butter is also put on the London market without any worry, and the profits divided among the producers ]>ro rata, stimulated ana enhanced by tho Government bonus. Thon lhere is . the time-honoured combination which prevails in many parts of England and Wales in connec- tion with the annual sheep shearing. In districts where the farmers have flocks of sheep depastured on tho moun- tains and uplands, .when shearing time comes round, all combine to gather in one party and cut out euch others sheas in turns, there- by shearing all their sheep with- out one of thom having to pay a penny for labour. Both at Hamilton and Camperdown, in the Western districts of Victoria, united action is taken against the rabbits by the establish- ment of rabbit preserving works with great success, much to the chagrin of the rabbit inspectors, who havo become alarmed lest their occupation should be gone, and therefore raise all manner of obstacles and objections to the system. Nevertheless it is a success, no less than 30,000 rabbits having been " put up " into tinned meat in one week, and sola on the London market at Cd. per tin, and the skins at lid. each. ' Why should not the Tasmanian people follow tho oxamplo both in regard to | the rabbit post and fruit posts? Also for oiibiit'iug the host and tho least ox nensivo way of putting their splendid fruit into tho hands of tho English con- sumers-in othor .words . providing botter means of distribution in England, instead of being ivt the morey of Coveut Garden brokers ? Allusion has recently benn made at several branch nicotines of the Agricul- tural .Council to tlio necessity of improving certain breeds of stock in the colony. Hore, again the advantages of com binn tion afford the cheapest, readiest, and best means of doing BO, Ruch means being continually takon advantage of in England by the smaller class of English agriculturist.-:. Sny a good on tire horso is wanted in iv district. It may bo a draught I horse, and it may bo a thorough-bred. Tho farmers will call a meeting and subscribe probably £200 or £'300 for the purchase of the best stamp of stallion of the breed required. Ono or two of thoir nuinbor is then doputed to attond a big show ot' sale, and make tho desired purchase. Tho samo thing is dono among small farmers in tho piirclmso of rams and bullb, and the procuring of a Bteam plough, a reapinc machine, or a threshing machino for the use of the lot, thereby effecting a great saving in many directions. I would earnestly appeal to the Tasmanian fanners, fruit-growers and others'niakiiig thoir livelihood oub of the soil, to imitate the example of their comrades in toil in other places, for thereby the weak hoi)) the strong, with a good pull, a strong pull and a | pull altogether, and with the happiest results. We hayo all rend the fable of the bundle of sticks ; where the single stick broke a bundle of similar sticks and withstood all the strain possible How applicable is the lesson to our farmers and others who are now too .much like a bag of sand, with no cohesion, and thcraforo finding bhom sclves nt tiines.wholly unable to singly faco the strain of adverso seasons, pests, fluctuating nmrkots, and general competition. All timbi have suggested mighb ho enacted through bho Council of Agriculture and lbs branches, if thoy would, make the best use of that organisation, as the Promior advises them to do. At présent a few ngrieulbui'isbs meot as mombors of the clmmbor, difficulties aro talked about, and undoubted remedies often pointed out, bub no united effort is givon to many of these romedics, And what is the conclusion naturally arrived at by our legislators and othors ? That such remedies aro nob pub into practice because tho Tasmanian farmers and fruitgrowers aro not yet driven to the straits that tho English farmers are, for if they wove, likotho Australian pastoral- ists and fat mors combining together as heaters when bush-fires rage, they would bo driven, by. sheer necessity to take united action in ninny matters for mutual aid and protection, and unitedly give practical effect to all the good advice which is from time to time tendered. _____________ 