GOLD THIRST. (“G.W.K. IN THE SUN.) My companion and I were seated on a log in front of the hut discussing a very primitive evening meal with that excel lence of appetite which only a life in the open air can bring. “This hut,” he began, “ was used by two men. At the time of the gold fever they started from Melbourne to attempt to reach the diggings, and came into this ▼alley when they had only been a few days out. Two men more unlike you could not find. One, a young fellow, was mar ried, but left his wife behind him in Mel bourne? T-ho' other was an ex-oonvict, who had perpetrated every crime in the calendar. These I wo settled here attracted by the look of the soil, and picked up a few grains of "old in their prospecting, but not enough to pay thorn. However, (hey turned their attention to horses, h.'»d ere long began to gain an evil reputation for dealings which were not honest. Now and (hen a prospector coming up with a ‘bit of dust’ would call, and the chances were he would lose the best part of his wealth at So between them the pairbicame pretty well to-do. The .younger J.vonb oue day to the nearest township, and returned the following evening with his wife. She kept the two steady till she fell ill during a period of drought; For the first and only time that water hole drir.d up. Yet water must bo had for the sick woman. With out saying a word the convict took the bucket and departing at nightfall reached the Dandenong settlement, 15 miles away by morning, filled his bucket with water and started to carry it back, with a piece of wood floating in it to help to save it from spilling, and a piece of old cloth over it to prevent evaporation. It was a fearfully hot day, and it was made worse by the hot air and smoke from a bushfire blown over the hills from an outbreak some miles away. At evening ho reached the hut with his precious burden. It was surrounded by a body of armed men— vigilant*. The younger man was bound, and they wore simply wailing for sundown to hang him from the nearest tree. It seemed a murder had been committed in a neighboring valley, and ho was sus pected, captured, and sentenced. As a fact ho was entirely innocent. A man at tempted to lake the water from tho convict who repulsed the other with a blow which sent him over. The vigilants had not entered tho hut. Into it the conviot ran .with the bucket of water, but privation and tho shock of her husband’s arrest had done their work—the woman was dead. Ho wont outside again, gave his comrade a drink, and had one himself. One of tho band tried to take tho bucket from him, bub the convict kicked it over, spilling its contents on tho ground. Upon inquiry ho learnt the charge against his mate. “ Boys,” he said quietly, ‘ his missus is lying dead in there. You’ve killed her. I’ve been to Dandeftong and back for water for her, and could have saved her life, but you’ve killed her. Boys give us time to bury her. Tho men readily acceded. With their help a rough bark coffin was quickly prepared, and a grave being as hastily dug by some of tho bond, she was plnosd under tho earth. Tho convict had not said a word while this was going on. He now turned to the band. “You’ve arrested the wrong man. I did that murder. Ho was homo with his wife, whom you’ve Just killed ; [ was out. I did that' murder. You cannot hang him now that I have confessed it.” Tho vigilants, agreed that they could not. They also agreed that since ho con fessed tho murder, and it was not his first they said, he ought to die. “ I know that,” he answered “ but don’t, you take my mate, because he’s innocent. A life for a life is fair, ain’t it ?” They said it was, “ That being so here’s mine,” ho continued. Ho drew his derringer, and placing the barrel against his temple, (irod before any of us oould atop him. Ho just groaned, “ I saved my mate,” and then he died. “ Were you of the party?” I said. “ Oomo with me.” Half way to th*» watmholo was a small clump of low trees, surrounding tho two graves. By tins light of a ma*oh I road two simple inscriptions caived each on a rough wooden slab. Oho had no name, but boro tho following passage, which ! reproduce in its pathetic illiteracy“Orator love has no man ahon than this, that l.o gave his life for his friend.” “Thatthe conviot,” said, my com panion. “ And tho other 1” X asked. ■ ?• My wife ; I am the conviob’a mate,” 