[?] I - AN | IBS TBALIAN STOUT if :0" 1 1 Dr O'Donoglme's f Patient. fj .o: / [?] BY G30DWXN. 4t Are you there?' A Eharp voice speaking through the tele phone. Can you hear me? W ell, I want a nurse withinan hour." 44 For what case ?" 44 Mental. Docile patient and young. A lady." 44 At what address?" 44 Henries' Hotel. A ek for Mr Vernon." 44 What doctor attending ?" 44 Myself"— here followed "the name of Dr O'Doncghue, and the bell rung off. Well within the hour, for the superintendent of the nurses' home had drilled us into prompt ness, the waiter showed me into a sitting- room at Menzies', ana a tall man came forward . to greet me. 44 Well, nurse," he said, eyeing me keenly, a compliment I repaid in kind. 44 I'm gla-i you came so quickly, as the doctor will be here soon, and I wish you to see him before going up to the patient." " That is a course I always prefer," 1 said, shortly. " Shall I wait here for the doctor r" 44 Yes ; and I'll tell you all there is to tell about the patient. Bat sit in this easy chair. You look tired." He took my valise from me and drew forward a chair kindly, but as he did so, I thought I had never seen a less kind face. 44 You look very young for a nurse," he raid, vieing me thoughtfully. This remark I wan accustomed to and hated, for I always fancied a doubt of my competency larked beneath. 44 I'm twenty-six," I said, tartly, 44 and have had five years' experience — two years in the Alfred Hospital, and three spent in nursing private cases.' 44 I'm sure yon will manage this case suc cessfully," he said, 4 4 but it will, I fear, be a long one. The patient is my wife's cousin, and unfortunately there is hereditary insanity in the family. My wife and I have been travelling with her for several months in hope that change of scene might benefit her, but she still has fixed delusions, and now her general health seems failing. I think myself she has always been better without medical treatment, and I intended trying how she would do with out it, with only our care. But she became so violent one .night at another hotel we wera.j staying at, that the landlady sent for Dr O'Donohue ; and as he insists he caiueffect a core, I must let him have a try." He bit his lips as he spoke, and a savage look of chagrin was on his face for a moment. That quickly passed, and he resumed speaking in his smoothly pleasant voice. 44 The doctor declares she will do better with strangers ; so, against my own better judgment, I have consented to try his plan. He has made arrangements for your taking Miss Cameron soon to a farmhouse. The farmer is an old patient of his, and he says you will both be well housed and taken care of. I hope so." Just then the laud voice of the doctor made itself heard, cheerfully shouting down the cor ridor: 44 No. 23? All right, waiter; I know my way," and bringing into the close room a pleasant, bracing outdoor atmosphere, in rolled an old friend of mine, the well-known Dr O'Donoghue. He shook hands with me in his cheery, rapid way, and then drew Mr Vernon apart. 44 About that horse, Vernon;'' and then en sued a conversation to which I paid little need, . save to notice that Mr Vernon seemed to know the doctor's weak points and to play to them. 44 And now about the patient," said the medical man at last, hurriedly. 44 Told the nurse about her, Vernon ?" 44 Yes." 44 Well, come along, nurse, then, and be in stalled. Splendid little nurse, Vernon!" he shouted, as we went along the passage ; 44 make Miss Cameron right in no time." Bat this I doubted when I saw my new patient. She was seated by her window, .look ing down moodily at the great trefe ferns in the court-yard, -and (after one apathetic look at the doctor and one of fear at me, when I removed my cloak, and she caught sight of my uniform) 'she sat thus during all the doctor's visit. His questions she left unanswered, K.n commendations of me as 44 a nice cheerful com. panion I've got for you," she only scornfully smiled at The room had another leading out of it, and, justasthe doctor roBe toleave, the door from tbi» opened and in came a lady, who was introduced to me as Mrs Vernon. Certainly, there was as little 'love between the cousins as there was likeness, for the moment she appeared, life sprang into my patient's eyes— life, hatred, passion, transforming the pale girl for a moment. % But that quickly faded out, and again listless eyes looked wearily down on the ferns. . Mrs Vernon was certainly a hancbome woman ; and now I saw why the doctor, usually so busy, had made an unnecessarily long call. s - I knew well his keen appreciation of pretty women. He liked them fair, fat and far from forty. The last item especially important, for, as he confided to me one day, " All women forty ought to be shut up or shot." Also, he liked diange, and I knew that at that time not a single pretty nurse was nursing for him ; so the poor man's mind mus. have indeed been dulL __ Here he evidently found amusement. e rushed into an animated conversation wi © newcomer, and I went up to Miss Cameron an touched her gently on the arm. She looked at me with great, startled eyes. Won't you come into the inner room and lie down ?" JL'said'; 44 you look so tired. She rose and followed me. " What do you really think about Miss Cameron, nurse ?" said the doctor to me, two days later, when we were alone. 44 She is insane," I answered. 44 Poor little tbW ! She has melancholy, undoubtedly, but I don't notice any fixed delusions so far. 44 How do you address her— by what name, I mean !" 44 As Miss Cameron, of course." 41 Does she respond to that name ? I hesitated. 44 Well, no ; I fancy she does not. I re member she asked me, when I had only been with her a few hoars, to call her 4 Hetty. That is strange, for Mrs Vernon says her naine is 4 Ursula.' " 44 Well, there, yon 6ee, is one fixed delusion," said the doctor, dryly, 44 and you'll find she has more. Look out for suicidal tendencies. Mrs Vernon says she has none, and has been too careless in watching her, I fancy. Vernon and I have had one or two sha; p disputes about it. j I wtt.t, have her carefully watched, and if it's too much for you, they'll have to get another nurse to help yon. I'm not going to let this little thing slip through my fiagtt-., By Jove," added tae doctor with feeling, "4 she's too pretty to die !' 44 Not so pretty as her sister ?" I queried mischievously. 44 Ten times as pretty, but not half as hand some,' said the doctor. 44 Now, look here, nurse, Mrs Vernon is a handsome woman, but I don't half like her, and I talk to her as much to draw her out as for any other reasou. She . means mischief to her cousin, that I'm sure of, ; and so I've determined to put the patient out of , her reach. Vernon was unwilling at first, .but I I threatened to throw up the case, and he seems anxioutO avoid Scandal, or any public talk about thecase." 41 1 can't endure the man," I Baid ; 44 he has such a shifty face, but I fancy he is not so cruel as his wife. She often looks at Miss Cameron quite savagely." <4H'm-m. Yes, I've noticed that. Well, take care of the poor little thing. Good-day." And the doctor was off. % That day week my charge and I were stand ing at the Shepparton railway station, and, really, I felt nearly as disconsolate as she looked when I surveyed the scene. I must say 1 saw it dimly through eyes biiuded, not with tears, but dust. 44 Let no one complain of the Melbourne dust till they've compared it with that of Shepparton during the summer. No one, however, can cast a stone at the place, for there isn't the smallest pebble even in the neighborhood. Nothing but dust — dust that one could not shake off one's feet. However, soon the buggy belonging to the farmer at whose house we were to be boarders appeared, and we were driven off in it. I began to wonder why on earth Mr Vernon and the doctor had chosen this part of the country, hut ceased to when we drove along the river bank, for then I saw that even there lurked spots of loveliness. Water scenery has alwavs had a great charm for me, and before I left the district I had learnt to love the Btately Goulborn. I think its greatest charm, perhaps, lies in the giant trees which stretch across from bank to bauk, or stand silhouetted against the sky in weird and graceful outline. Paradise Farm was a low, rambling wooden house, with a beautiful fruit garden attached. My friend and I had a semi-detached block of three rooms, standing on a little rise which overhung a large reach of the river. The bed rooms looked out on the water, and I was very annoyed to find that this was the case for I thought it a foolish choiae of bedrooms' for a suicidal patient. Mrs Vernon had choBen them, and, in colo nial parlance, I felt I 44 owed her one " for doing so. Well, a month passed. I grew fond of Hetty, bit piqued that she would not confide in me her trouble. I felt convinced some real grief washers. What?I wondered. If she never told meaught of her past life I could never find out or hein her. At last, one day I suddenly learned much. I had brought her a letter addressed to her by Mrs Vernon. 44 Miss Ursula Cameron" was on the envelope. After reading it she burst into We were sitting by the river, and she flung herself onthe grass in a passion of sobs. I belt by her - and- comfortsd lwr. 44 Do. tell Am, Miss Cameron, whatdisfeb ,f . \- -She sat up suddenly, flung off r my hands- fiercely and cried, \ 44 Fm mot Miss Cameron ! Never call me sb again. I won't submit to it/" 44 Very well, dear, very well," I said, soothingly. 44 1 am Mrs Vernon," Bhe said, passionately. <( That— that woman is Ursula Cameron, my cousin, and I— I — God be my witness, I am Maurice Vernon's wife !" 1 looked at the girl. A wild light was in her eyes, but not the light of insanity. Suddenly it was borne in on me that her words were true. Aud, yetfc somehow I could not believe her totally sane, fori had so often seen the furtive look, so common to lunatics, strongly marked in her face. But was she a wronged woman, insane from cruel treatment, aud from brooding over real wrongs? If so, her nurse should be her guardian. I drew her down into my arms. 44 Dear," I said, 44 tell me everything, and if you have baen wronged, I will be your friend, and so will Dr O'Donoghue." 44 Ah!" she, said, despairingly. 44 But he thinks me mad. So do you. Perhaps I am, T often think so, too. I have wild dream3, aud I feel as if I must get by myself and then I never can. Ah! I know you do your duty to wa'ch me so. You are afraid I shall kill myself. Perhaps I shall some day. Whit have I to live for ? Once he lovd me, once I dreamed that my arms were to hold a little cooing babe. But now my atuis are empty—" Bhe stretched .them widly out— 44 and my husband unfaithful — tired of a fretting, ailing wife." Sl How did it happen, Hetty ?" 44 How? Ah! how can a mad girl's brain count back with certainty? I only remember my baby's comiug and then that it was gone. It had only lived two short weeks, they told me. Then there seemed a long blank with only my cousin '8. face in it. She had always loved Maurice and now she told me he loved her, 44 1 remember her bending down over the bed, and how her blue eyes flashed as sue ' said 4 Poor, puny thing. Did you never guess it was for money he married you r ' 44I shrieked aud pushed her from me, and then I remember only darkness, with cruel faces gleam ing out of it at me. Then the darkness passed, and I was on a ship. Maurice was with me and Ursula, always Ursula, and a strong, tall woman, Ursula— always Ursula, but Maurice called her Hetty my o An old name, aud he said it was not mine — had nsvri been, that mine was Ursula, hers Hetty, and that she was kU wife. And when in my despair I shrieked out, the strong old woman came to me aud tied me in my hunk. Tell me, tell me, am I mad—? I hardly know. Yet, my head aches so— if I corid but get to the river to cool it." Dr O'Donoghue was with me a few days later. I bad seut for him, for my patient had been so wild aud slept so badly. I told him her disjointed story. 44 She's mad right enough, nurse," he said, pacing the room excitedly. 44 But I'll stake my life on it, she's been badly treated. Vernon and Mrs Vernon have been in Sydney for the last mouth, and there are queer surmises about them. Directly I took this case in hand I scented mischief, and I've instituted enquiries in England through a detective agency. Next mail I expect information. I have sm3 already, and if affairs turn out as I fancy, I'll put the police on Vernon. Wire me if you want me and watch her closely." Mr and Mrs Vernon turned up a week after the doctor's visit. They seemed very anxious tG be alone with the patient, aud evinced great concern about my health, which, they felt sure, must be suffering from such close attention to my patient. Bat 1 stuck to my post, and, if I left Miss Cameron at all, always put Mrs Field, the termer's wife, in my place. One very hot day I did this, aud laid down in my own room, which adjoiued the patient's. Waking from a short sleep, I heard a tapping : sound on the shore of the reach, and, looking out of my window, saw Mr Vernon bending over a boat. I took very little notice, for I was very sleepy, aud I lay down again. Presently I was once more aroused. There was a raging hot wind at the time, and now came borne on it a scorching smell. I knew bush-fires were raging in the valley, and, hurriedly dressing, went out. I met MrB Field coming out of Hetty's room with a very pale face. . 44 I'm glad you've come," she said, 44 1 must be off. The whole valley's alight, they say, and Jim is burning off round the house. The boys are all out 4 beating off. The green trees In the fruit garden may save the house, but the farm buildings will all go. ItB not many mil off now, and the wind is our way.1 She spoke with calmness, poor woman, and hustled off to get oatmeal water made for the men. Mrs Vernon, who was not ill-natured in some ways, helped her carry it to the half-fainting men who were 44 beating out" a few miles off, and they were riding to and fro all through the hot evening and night. The wind fell at mid night, but there was no rain, and in the morn ing again sprang up the hostile wind, aud now I could plainly hear the crash of the falling timber, and see the lovely lurid flames leap from tree to tree. Mr Vernon had helped manfully all night, and now was brought back ill, aud for "some time passed from one fainting fit into another. My poor little patient was very still, and clung to me with a glad light in her eyes. I saw she thought Death was coming, and wel comed him as a friend. At last the out buildings caught and the fanner came to us. 44 Not a minute io be lost," he said to met 44 Get Miss Cameron ready. We must have out the boats and go on the reach, for the howm will catch." So I told her. She understood and ZkxAy. She and I got into <me 1 FUAS; two children and a man ssrvaM We pushed out ; and, smiling, Hatte 'a 1 her hands in the water, aud lay h4 i me. toek sg| | She loved rowing on the lake a d lately, against my wish, Mr Vernon 1 us out. We went generally, however ?1 smaller boat The Gipsy, ' 111 t Mr Vernon (I must mention) was a swimmer, and always declared that if HetS? jump overboard he could save her. ;i willed otherwise. ' a "h The Gipsy was the next boat launched . , into it got Mrs Vernon and Alice a servant. Thiy ware both dressed 'alikeT" Mrs Vernon had given her one of her to put on in the hurry. WraPperg The farmer went back to the house to , Mr Vernon. letck Oar two boats pulled out. We nolU straight for the centre of the lake but If Vernon, who was tired, let her boa; drift? little, so we got separated. We were quite in the middle of the lake when we heard a scream from her boat, aud both Mrs Vernon and Alice shouted together b the noice of the falling trees and the roaring of the wind prevented one hearing the words Then came more cries from the bank, and I saw that Mr Vernon and the farmer were wildly gesticulating. Then they leapt into the boat aud bean to pull towards us. No! Towards Mr3Yer- uon ! Strange to say, her boat had made but little progress, Mrs Field looked frightened. " I do believe theGipsy's sinking," she s rid, and we pulled fast towards it. We were roaring rapidly, so rapidly that we heard Mrs Vernon's wild cry, " Maurice! " and the sobs of the servant maid, when Eud- denly the Gipsy keeled over and sank ! Now, with a wild leap, the flames caught our old room?, overhanging the water. They illumined the agonised face of Maurice Vernon as he leaped into the water and ewam wil jly to where the Gipsy had been. And, seeing the awful remorse on his face, I guessed the tiuth. Ha had yesterday tampered with the boat. Plotting Hetty's death, fell retribution had befallen him, aud by his own hands he had compassed the death of the woman he loved. But he was a good swimmer and diver. Could he save her yet ? A shout of triumph from the farmer. Vernon was clinging to the boat, aud a woman in a crimson wrapper was on his arm. Just then a clumsy rower let his oar slip. It struck the struggling man— be loosed his hold and fell back like a log into the water. But the woman was rescued — and— she was Alice, the maidservant !" It was a long time before Hetty fully re covered from the "shock of that awful night. I nursed her for many months until her friends in England had been communicated with. A strange story hers. It seems that fiading her recovery from pueperal insanity improbable, her husband had formed ene wild plau of taking her abroad, representing her to the trustees of her father's will a3 cared an i still living, and regularly drawing her income under forged orders. \- Meanwhile his old love figured as his wife, and made quite a sensation in colonial society. This she could do abroad. Among her own circle at home she would never have consented to rive a life of shame ; bat so long as she figured as his wife, and consequently was treated with respect, she was content. But she tired of her rival'6 face, and, in new of that rival's possible return to sanity, tte position was too precarious. So they conspired against the poor chill s life. Well, the cloud that broke over the somen cleared the sky for the sinned against. Slowly, bat surely, Hetty fought her way back to sanity. Once more the sun shone for her. She is Dr O' Donoghue's happy wife now, and has been for nearly four years. Next to him she loves me, I think, hut is 44 someone" she loves better than either. She sometimes conies to see me in the conn T hospital I am now matron of, and brings 4 4 someone" with her. 44 Someone" is just two ymrs old now. 44 Someone" has yellow hair, fat leg®» 6 u fists, blue eyes, strong lungs. , What is his name? Well, hi? mother cd ! him 44 Theodore" (gifts of Godl, but the doca» hates the name, and will always style 1111 i j 44 the O'Donoghue." 