JINDERA. (FROM OUB OWN COBRESFONDKNT.) MONDAY, Decembers. The weather has been somewhat cool since my IaBt, but the flics are very troubleEome, and can, with difficulty, be kept off, especially when one is engaged (as many are now) in out-door work, as the harvest is now in full swing throUghou this and other districts. The bush-fires have caused much destruction beyond the Billabong, but I have not heard of much harm being done on this side so far, bdt I should not wonder if fires broke ont on this Bide; the grass and thistles are such a height. The latter are allowed to grow right np to crops' of wheat, so that if fires once started nothing would prevent- destruction to many settlers' season's toil. In many cases-risk, I am informed, could be easily prevented if a little trouble was taken and a couple of lands left unsown and well harrowed before the summer sets ib. ThiB would answer as a break in caie of tbe fires which are becom' iag yearly visitors. Settlers have had wanringg enough in past seasons that some precaution shonld have been made. Iam informed that Messrs. Grant and Berry are the successful tenderers for tbe erection of the teacher's residence at onr public school. The Assembly Hall has beeu occupied by Professor F, W. Muller.witbiis American8t$reopf ticon, for the last fire nights j last sight (San* day) being by special request. Mr. Muller leotures on all plates shown, varied occasionally with some fan to please the young Australian. The route shown and lectured on is from Mel. bourne round the world to the States of America, by land and sea, passing through Great Britain, Africa, and Egypt, across the Red Bea, Europe, Asia, and thence to America, The lecturer gave a full and descriptive account throughout of all the objects shown by the powerful limelight. The attendance each night was small. So many trnmpery shows have appeared here that people thought this was one of them; but as the show became known the attendance increased. The exhibition is without a doubt the beet that has ever appeared in this 