Wilberforce. The weather is still dry and good foi i haymakers, but very detrimental to the ' potato crops. A slight shower fell on Monday night which was very welcome, I but not near sufficient for present require , ments. I The Messrs Arnold Brothers and Jones, stonemasons, have taken up their resi dence in the village, having commenced operations to quarry stone for Mr. R, TurnbuU's residence. The farmers around Bushell's Lagoon, are again onjthe move to have it drained. Mr. P. Daley purchased some splendid cattle at Hough Bros* sale last week. They ought to cut well. On Saturday last a concert, under the auspices of the Wilberforce Tennis Club eventuated in the Australian Hall. The audience was not large, but was most appreciative, the programme being full of variety. Contributions were given by Messrs Masters and Walker. Overture, violin and piano ; duet, " List to the Convent Bells," Mrs Poidevin and Miss Baker ; solo, " Beloved Stars," Miss Simpson ; solo, '* The Gift," Miss Baker ; solo, " The Romany Lass," Mr Bushell ; comic, " Bother the Men," Miss Ida Baker ; recitation, "The Slave that saved St Michael," Miss A Buttsworth ; solo, " Maggie's Secret," Mrs Poidevin ; duet, violin and piano, Messrs Masters and Walker; solo, "Fiddle and I," Miss Simpson ; recitation, " Mary Queen of Scots," Miss Butts worth ; solo, " The Old Countree," Miss Baker ; solo, 'Rory O'Moore,' Miss Ida Baker; solo, Mr Bushell ; duet, violin and piano, Messrs Masters and Walker ; Farce, " Peace at any Price," by the Buttsworths. After this a recherche supper was served to the performers. Then dancing was the order till midnight, Messrs Masters and Walker rendering excellent music on violin and piano. The accompanists were Mrs Poidevin, Misses Baker, Simpson, Ward, and Buttsworth. The gem item of the evening was " The old Countree," by Miss Baker, the audience being spell-bound the while. There is no doubt but that those who stayed away missed an exceptional opportunity to hear good singing. On Tuesday last, an aged lady, the mother of one of the settlers, was on her way for water when she lost her track, and was rambling the bush for some hours. A search party went out and the woman was found towards evening. Bush'fireB continue to rage around this locality. ^ Mr Ralph Turnbull ,js at present carting, stone 