NEWS OF THE WEEK. South Australia. Thursday w-is Burns Anniversary Day. An epidemic of bushfirea has been ex perienced in the North. Village settlements are " all the rage " just now. The new educational regulations hare been. published. Elder, Smith, & Co. pay a 5 per cent, dividend on Febrnaiy 1. Mr. E. Farias NVsbit, the well-lcnown Jiwyer, is off to England for a trip. Mr. Joel Moss, the well-known Adelaide draper, died on Sunday at the age of 56. Forage-allowances of public servants are reduced from £52 to £30 a-year each. Orer 2000 people patronized Fitzgerald's Circus at Fort Firie on Monday night of last ! week. Hard times! Police officers who have been injudicious enough to live more than 60 years are to lose their billets. Most of the sewing mistresses in the State schools are to ba dispensed with, a consider able saving being effected. Economical considerations prevent the Railway Commissioners providing gates at certain dangerous railway crossings! The land boards are now classified into the Northern, South-Esstern, Midland, Yorke Peninsula, and Western districts. A political conference of country members of the National Defence League was held in Adelaide yesterday afternoon. Professor E. H. Bennie and Mr. G. A Goyder have been appointed analysts for the purposes of the Foods and Drugs Act. The Government have issued a proclamation authorizing Messrs. Packard and Lutz to begin the South Para irrigation seheme. The average age of the 13 Destitute Asylum inmates who died during the half year ending December 30 traB 66| years. At the next criminal circuit at Port Augusta J. D. Tolmer will come up for trial on a charge of causing the death of an aboriginal boy. Mr. P. Whelan, of Glanville, is a candidate for the Central District of the Legislative Council " in the true Liberal and progressive interest." Elsewhere in this issue Mr. William Patrick, of Eapunds, announces his candi dature for the North-Eastern District of the Legislative Council. A match for the chess championship of the colony and a handicap tournament open to all members of the clubs in the South Australian Chess Association will begin about Easter time. The Hon. John Martin, Mr. F. Basedow, Mr. W. B. Eounsevell, and Mr. W. Patrick are candidates for the North-Eastern Division of the LegUtative Council, and Messrs. Glynn and Hogarth are spoken of as likely to come forward. ♦ 