Local and General News. , - . - Frederickton Wharf. — The tender of Mr. J. Lawsori, of Frederickton, has been accepted for the construction of a new Government wharf and shed on the left bank of the river at Fred- erickton. The contract is to be carried out at:". schedule prices." - Promotion. — Mr. J. G. Ferrier, of Deep Greek Public School, has obtained promotion to Class 3b. through the recent examinations.' Mr. C. E. Woolford . of Never Never Publio Sehobl has also "been prohioted- to Class 3a. Land Board.— Sittings of the local Land Board will be held at the West Kempsey Court House on Octo ber 10th, 11th, and 19th, and at Macksville on October 23rd. West Kempsey Public School. — Tenders have been called for " im provements " to the West Kempsey public school, to close on October 15th. Plans and specifications may be seen at the school house. Manning Biver Show. — The Man ning Biver folk propose to, if possible, dovetail their annual April show between those to be held at Port Macquarie and Kempsey early next year. A Paddymelon Hunt. — Kempseyites who have a few spare hours to-day are requested to attend a paddymelon hunt, to be held at Euioka, near Adam Lawrence's selection. ; , Government Savings Banks. — The Government have decided to reduce the interest on deposits in the Govern- mont Rnvinos Banlr fr/vn A f.n 3 nor cent per annum, from October 1st in respect to all accounts opened on and after that date, and from the 1st January next on all accounts opened previously. \- Travelling Stock Route.— Mr. O. 0\. Dangar has. received from the De partment of Lands notification that the proposed: stock route from the Macleay to Walcha is too rough for the passage of travelling stock, and under the circumstances the depart ment-does not deem is advisable to comply with the district's request. Obituary. — John O'Neil, farmer, of Greenhill," passed over-, to the great majority on baturqay last. .Deceased had been a sufferer for some months from meningitis, caused by injury to the spine. He was 73 years of age, and had. been in the colony for 66 years. He was born in county Kerry, Ireland. His death is mourned by one daughter and two sons. Deceased was buried on Monday. Accident.— Peter! O'Mara, of Aus tral Eden, met with a nasty accident on Saturday last, which may yet de velop into something serious. He was riding, leading another horse, when the latter commenced to " play up." and pulled O'Mara . off. The Animal then trod on the; unlucky horseman, inflicting injuries to his legs that necessitated his instant car riage to the Kempsey. Hospital. Contractors' Negligence';— Several serious accidents were barely avoided on the Frederickton Road on Saturday night, the fault/ laying with" the con tractors for road repairs. The night was particularly dark, yet the con tractors had placed no lamps on the heaps of metal left out by the side of the road. More than one collision between vehicles occurred, several traps were nearly upset," and curses rent the air. Had. anyone been hurt, the contractor would have had to pay. Rev.; Father Sheehan.— The Bev. Father Sheehan, the popular young priest who for 10 or 11 months past has been connected with the Bev. Father - Buggy in attending to the spiritual welfare of the Roman Catholics of the Macleay River, is to leave Kempsey at the end of the present -week charge of the Port Macquarie Church. Father Sheehan has made himself well-liked by all classes and the members of all n nil r\ tvi inn Imvin n m U'/in ' U't am a a uouuLuujftuiyiio uuiiug uio LttSiUeiiUt? UU this river. May he ; be as successful amid his new surroundings is our heartfelt wish. Improving the . BpADs'.-f-Ihi the last issue of the Raleigh Stin ho less than 17 contracts are called for road- improvement and making in .the district. "The -laying out of these works, the preparing of plans and specifications, and tracings of most of them, we are informed," says the Raleigh : Sun, " has been no light labor/ and- Mr. Road-Superintenden t North and Mr. Grant have had their time fully occupied lately. The dis trict being a large and primitive one necessitates much travelling and hard work in "laying out the roads and pre paring plans, etc., for their improve ment. Residents on Taylor's Arm will be pleased to observe that some of their requirements have received atteri tidn. \The:Scho61 bf . Arts 'ia to be used temporarily as the roads office from th.e : 'let i October; pending the erection "of 'the- hew" building by Mr. E. Raymond." Small Debts Court. — The monthly Small Debts Court was held at the West Kempsey Court House yester day, before Capt, Davies, P.M. S. R. J. Lancaster v. W. J. Lancaster, claim £10, wages due. — This case was ad journed from last court. The evidence of ; Mrs. Christian, mother of the parties; was taken to :show that there was no partnership between the brothers (as pleaded) and a verdict was given for the full amount and 'costs. ; Patrick Keough v.; Qliver Tay lor, claim 17s, hire of sulky — a non suit was entered to allow of further proceedings in another court. A.J.S. Bank v. John McMaugh, claim £11 7s 6d, dishonored pro. note— the defend ant being ill, an adjournment for a month was granted. P. M. Hart v. Jas. Kater, claim 5s 9d, goods sup plied — verdict for the amount, with 13s costs. P. M. Hart v. Jno. Mcll- waine, claim £1 10s, goods supplied — verdict for the amount and costs. Coming Events. — The Rev. J. Orr, of Grafton, is to preach in the Kemp sey Wesleyan Church on Sunday next, and lecture on Monday, on "Peter Cartwright, the American preacher." Mr. McCue, of Telegraph Point, is to lecture m Kempsey on October 9th, on poultry farming. On Thursday, 11th instant, the Good Templars in Kempsey will hold a concert and dramatic entertainment. Insolvency. — Eugene Fred. Rudder, selector and grazier, of Coramba, has filed ' his schedule in the insolvency court. Oyster Culture. F. Posbichal's oyster leases No. 2171 and 2172, Nambucca River, have been gazetted " forfeited," owing to non-payment of rent. Latest from Marengo.. — The C . <& R. R. Examiner informs its readers tha news from Marengo is not reassur ing, and the general verdict of visitors is that the prospectors only are on payable -gold. Parties are warned against visiting the field with the expectation of finding it developed, as such is not the case. Sale of Land. — Mr. H. W. T. Lee, auctioneer, effected a sale of 240 acres of freehold land at Trial Bay Creek, last week. The buyer was Mr. S. F. James, tailor, of Kempsey, who purchased for cash, A 127f acre farm at Dungay Creek was also sold, by Mr. O. O. Dangar, to Mr. R. L. Perrett, for £1250. Wire Netting for Farmers. — Arrangements are being made for a deputation to wait on the Minister for Mines shortly with a view of ascertain ing/whether some arrangement can be made under which selectors may obtain Government assistance for the purpose of enclosing their holdings with wire-netting to exclude rabbits, hares, and similar pests. A number of country members are taking' a deepN interest in the question. The Sugar Industry. — A resident of the Lower Clarence, who has been engaged in the sugar industry for some years past, visited Bouville, on tlie Rpllinflfflr. a fpiv davfi sincp. to ascertain the chances of a sugar mill there. He expressed himself as well satisfied that the land in the locality was eminently suited for cane, and stated his opinion that if its quality and extent were known on the Lower Clarence, there would be an exodus thither from thac disease-smitten place. The Prospecting Yote.— The fol lowing " grants, ' out' of this year's prospecting vote, have been made in the Raleigh ! Electorate W. F. Sullivan, at Taylor's Arm, on m.l. 7244, in the Kempsey district, to con tinue liis shaft, now down 16ft., a further depth of 50ft., at the rate of. 20s per foot; Peter O'Neil, on m.l. 7807, por. 120, situated seven miles south-west of Bowraville, to continue the tunnel on the east reef, and now- in about 45ft, a further, distance of 50ft., at the rate of 10s. per foot. Sub-Inspector Baker Thrown.— While riding towards Fernmourit, during his recent visit to the Bellinger, Mr. Sub-Inspector Baker met a run away pack horse, which had just broken loose from a couple of Marengo "pilgrims." The suddeu fright caused Mr. Baker's horse to plunge off the road into the lantana. The " Sub." was thrown off, but sustained no serious injury, though his horse was staked in the chest under ; the near fore-leg. The following day it was too lame to travel, and was left in charge of Constable Allman. Prospecting. — Our Bellinger con temporary states that " Mr. G. Tyson has gone up Taylor's Arm, to see if he can drop on better gold prospects. He informs us that there was but a narrow range of hills dividing that Arm from the Bellinger waters, up where he got his best prospects." Within the last couple of weeks several prospectors have left Kempsey to test the country between here arid the New England district. The discovery of payable gold anywhere near the Macleay would be the making of the district. If some impetus is not given to trade shortly, business people will collapse from sheer exhaustion at having nothing to do. Mr. Kronfield, of Taree, the other day sent two bags of beach sand (9 cwt.) from the diggings at the Old Bar to the Clyde Chlorin- ation works. The return received by bim is most discouraging. " The sam ples contain nothing on panning and only traces by fire assay." Sale of Postage Stamps.— On and after January 1st, the commission allowed by the Government to shop keepers throughout N.S.W. on the ,-sale of postage stamps will be reduced . from 2 to 1 per cent. Shopkeepers who hold selling licenses will also be required to sign a paper agreeing not to, accept stamps from any private persons, either on purchase or in payment of accounts. One result of this reduction of commission will .be .that a large number of shopkeepers will , not renew their licenses, the profit , not being sufficient to recoup tlVom " fnr f.hmr t.rrmhlo Mr P M Hart, of Central Kempsey, will be one of these. In answer to the Depart mental notification, he sent in a letter : " You can cancel liceuse from 1/1/95. Not worth the trouble selling your goods for 1J per cent, commission. Make more out of tobacco." Sugar Beet.- — The Department of Agriculture has imported from France a quantity of seed of some 20 varieties of the best sugar beet. This is now being sent out for trial to suitable parts of the colony, in sufficient quan tities for one-quarter to one-half acre plots. The Department will under take the analyses of a number of the beets when gathered from different districts, and it is expected that the experiments will be of great value in determining whether the industry is suitable to the colony on a large scale. It is believed that certain firms will be prepared to erect factories in suit able- portions of the colony, provided they have a guarantee of a sufficient supply of beets containing a fair per centage of sucrose. We have sent to Sydney for a portion of the sample seed, and, on receipt, will be pleased to supply it to any of the Macleay farmers who may desire to experiment. Mining Wtarden.-i-Many river resi7: dents will be sorry to learn of the possible early removal of Mr. J. Ducat, Mining Warden. It is more than1 probable that Mr. Ducat will receive promotion to a similar position at Temora. In the event of this coming . off, the duties of Mining Warden for this . district will most likely devolve upon Capt. Davie3, P. M. Examination in Insolvency. — An examination under section 30 of the Bankruptcy Act, in the estate; of Con stable Burrell, was held at the West Kempsey Court House on Monday, before Capt. Davies, District Registrar. Mr. I.' R. Boardman was examined with regard to a bill of sale given to him by bankrupt, and Messrs. S. Bond and A. Cochrane concerning bank rupt's dealings with them in respect to certain farm lands. The examination was then declared concluded. Fires. — The hot weather of one or two days of last week assisted in again fostering bush-fires. One outbreak up the river destroyed a large quantity of scrub, and extended to the culvert just beyond Skillion Flat, which will have to be repaired with new planking. A barn on Mr. J. J. Keough's farm, Gordonville, North Arm, was also destroyed by fire the other night, together with about 700 bushels of maize. How the fire originated is a mystery. Messrs. Hayward and Jen nings' sawmill at Port Macquarie likewise suffered last Tuesday, but the blaze was extinguished, ere much damage was done. Presentation for Bravery. — Capo. Davies, P.M., at the West Kempsey flnnrfc TTmiflA vA.ssfprrlflv_ nvpap.nt.p.rl tn — j —j J ? — — Frank Hickson, of Frederickton, the certificate of the Royal Humane Society for bravery. Hickson, on January 15th last,. jumped into, the river at .Frederickton and saved the life of Mr. (now Dr;) L. B. Lancaster, who had: fallen from a boat and was on the point of drowning. Said : the P.M., in making the . presentation, "You, Hickson, showed a great amount of pluck and a generous dis regard of your own : life. When you saw Lancaster; was drowning, ;yiu didn't lyait to take off your coat, or curl your hair, as some men would have done/ you plunged in, and saved his life by your gallant conduct. This" certificate, I hope, wi'l be an encour agement to you to do the same in a similar emergency, and to others to do likewise. You are made of the right stuff. You are- a man . I congratulate .you." Others. ! present . also .' offered _ their congratulations. ; A. Clarke, hairdresser, of West Kempsey, has returned to town, and , resumed his business. 1 : ' "A coach licence was; granted yester day to Chris. Felion, between Kemp sey and Arakoon. , 