REVIEW. 'The New Arcadia,' An Australian Stoiiy, by . the Rev. Horaoe F. Tucker (George Robertson and Co., Melbourne). There is a growing tendency in these times to use the novel as a means of inculcating some truth or illustrating a social or political development. ' The New Arcadia ' is the village settlement ' writ largo.' The author is widely known as the founder of such settlements in Yictoria. Erom preach ing and lecturiug and working energeti cally in the interest of such social move ments, it is not a very far cry to illustrating their potentialities in fiction. At once an enthusiast and an expert, the author has succeeded admirably in avoiding the didactic and the forensio to an extent that speaks volumes for his self-restraint : his work is consequently not open to many of the objections generally urged against the story with a purpose. The book presents us with some life-like scenes in the Australian bush, and with sensations enough to satisfy the taste of the confirmed novel reader. The characters are powerfully drawn, and the plot is worked out with truth and force and judgment; while the humour and the pathos and the transitions from grave to gay are worthy of an older hand. The same remark applies to the dialogues, which are natural, bright, and well sustained. Heroic action and stirring incident are not wanting, while freshness, originality, and freedom of style all contribute to make the story very pleasant reading. , The chief character is a philanthropist doctor in Melbourne, whose practice gives him only too thorough an insight into the state of destitution, depravity, and indecent crowding in which the 'submerged' vege tate in the slums of a great city. His original attempt to establish a settlement in ? the country, to which some of the better class of these people may be transferred, is j on the point of failure when a timely be quest provides him with the necessary funds. In this connection we must stop to note the powerfully drawn scene of the squatter's death, a literary and artistic success that it would be _ difficult to praise too highly. Under the skilful management of the doctor and the charming G wyneth, the Jieroine, the scheme is highly successful. By avoidance of waste it comes ab-mt that no one need work more than half of each day to surround himself and family with all reasonable com forts. Lustily the praises are sung of plough, rake, and hoe, of milk and honey, the grape and maize and wheat. Electric appliances of the latest; trams and dams everywhere ; irrigation triumphant over the irregularity of seasons ; and ' love the best of all ' : these furnish the bright subjects of successive chapters. The exuberance of the gay young Irishman, the O'Lachlan ; the villainy of Malduke ; the instability of the old soldier's character; the devotion of the celibates; the heroism of poor Travers, dying in the bush-fire to rescue his arch enemy's child : and the storm scene and narrow escape from shipwreck on the coral island — furnish forth a .feast of good things served out with no stinting hand. An element of sadness, almost of melancholy, .pervades the latter half of the book. The author bids us not to overlook the seamy side. His wide experience of the depravity of human nature causes him to recognise and to p'-urtray the enormous force of latent ingratitude bottled up in ordinary humanity, and ready at any moment to explode and deal destruction to the ' best laid schemes.' The passing of the Lily Maid of Astolat is very effectively drawn. Each chapter is introduced by suitablp quotations — some- times as many as three or four— from the best authors, amongst these we are glad to note a maj ority from Australian poets, Adam Lindsay Gordon being most frequently called into requisition. The book is elegantly got up by Clay, of London, is published simultaneously in Melbourne and Sydney, and forms a most pleasing addition to the works of Australian authovs. Wyalong.— Charles McHardy, mining registrar, furnished returns of the business done by him from March 19th to April 14th, as follows Miners' rights issued, 970 ; business licenses, 25; town lots applied ^for. over 150 ; quartz claims applied for, 812; permits to mine on conditional purchases and conditional leases applied for, about 70. Revenue £580. This is exclusive of busi ness at Barmedman, before the office was opened at Wyalong. . Wagga Water.- The Gundagai Times says — ' We regret to hear that Aid. Hines continues m a very bad state of health, suffering from typhoid fever, from which his family have just recovered. A. little while ago, Dr. Gabriel, Government medical officer, wrote a raport about the chance of this fell disease being generated by bad water brought from Wagga to the railway line here, but that- report was pigeonholed by the Depart ment's medical officer, the result in Mr. Hines' family looks very like ' confirmation strong as holy writ.' But, like most other epidemics, remedial measures are only adopted after fatal results. There is any amount of good water about Gundagai with out going to Wagga fo? it.' It seems to be a senseless waste of mbney and labour to train water from Wagga (whence it has fallen from Gundagai) to Gundagai : but the railway authoritifls contend that it pays them to do so. The Gundagai council ought to wipe out this stigma, and we believe they will, by oarrying out a scheme of water sup- 1 ply for . the station, as Cootamundra has done. Gundagai is laid out by nature for a cheap and effective system. As sure as the sun comes from the east, Wuugk'a Batting fowler is fcettes yeast, 