QUERIES ANSWERED. M. — The vines should be regularly watered, and the surface kept stirred and free from weeds. A mixture of stable, pig, fowl, and farmyard manure thoroughly decomposed and rotted round the roots will be necessary. The fruit should be protected from the glaring heat of the sun and heavy rainfalls by putting calico or canvas screens over the trellis work on which the vine is growing. See back issues en the subject of the care and cultivation of grapes, &c.; See this issue on the subject of pigs and black breeds. Novice. — You will find it best to adhere to mixed farming, and by no means neglect the proper culti vation of the soil and crops. Unless attacked by rust do not cut the wheat crop down for hay, as there is every prospect of there being a good de mand and high price for wheat this season, owing to the majority of farmers making hay of their wheat crops and all the late -sown crops being attacked with rust. Many made hay of their crops to avoid the loss of low prices and to reap the benefit of the high prices given for chaff and straw, j &c.; This in a serious eiror, as the fact of so much I chaff and straw being for sale will cause a glut and and ridiculously low prices and, I may add, ruin to the growers. Sow a root crop as soon as the wheat is oft', and manure the land if required. In February wheat can be sown on the same land and a good crop be obtained by this system of cropping. See this issue on pigs. No. Farmer. — No, do not sell your farm, or even leave it at present or any other time, as it i? the only profitable employment to be found under the ': present regime. The taxes will be very heavy ' under the proposed law, but are not perpetual, as they can be removed by a solid vote in the ballot box the first chance. Land tax is a fad, and those who clamour mo^t for it have never been nearer to a farm than the Domain. In the present form it is one of the greatest snares that have ever been pro posed to be placed on the statute book as law in any civilized country, and is without precedent. .; You will find it best to stand firmly to your post, as farming is the foundation of permanent pros perity of every commuuity, and without it the - vitality of any nation very rapidly decays. See ! notes this issue. Anxious.— A reliable remedy for bush-fires -lias been given in back issues. The only reliable one is to plough the land for some distance around the ? crop to be protected from the fire, and to sow it with some quick-growing crop, such as oats, lucerne, &c;, which will be a check to the progress of the fire, and be profitable for its cultivation. The sub ject was fully explained in the issue mentioned, copies of which can be obtained at the office. 