b ARM AND GARDEN. PROTECTION AGAINST OCCUE ENCE OF BOSH-FIRES. Referring to the terrible calamities which bush-fires in these colonies yearly bring in their train,the Melbourne Age says : — Most unsatisfactory is the state of the law relative to bush-fires. While the pen alties are numerous and severe enough as punishment for cawing the fire after the loss has occurred, there is a marked absence of anything in the shape of preventive measures. This season the country is men aced with unusual danger, owing to the luxuriance of the grass everywhere. In a few weeks, when the grass ha* become as dry as tinder, it is not too much tosay that, given a fair start before a raging hot wind, the country could be swept from one end to the other. In the absence of mandatory measures, settlers should prepare for their ow» protection by breaking tpe country up into trarnt strip divided sections, the burn ing to be done in the calm of the evening, and between ploughed furrows, after the well-known custom. Instead of using branches, or wet sacks, the best kind of fire beaters are made by Airing a piece of hide about a loot square into a slit in the end of a wooden handle, and using it on the fire as a gardener pats the earth on one of Mb seed beds with a spade. In cases where protect ive breaks have not beBn formed, and in the event of a fire breaking out suddenly, threatening a crop or 6tack, it is imperat ive that thedanger be immediately counter acted by starting another fire out from the point to be protected/ in order to run out and meet the one approaching. In such a case there is danger in the tendency of the protecting fire strip to run back upon the property sought to be Bflved. A good prac tical means of avoiding this is to attach a wire to -a barn door or sheet of galvanised iron, and drag it as a trail right round the stark or crop while someone applies the fire. Bay it is a stack that is to be protected, then the grass is lighted along the edge of the trail furthest from the stack, the man who is lighting the grasB following the trail as it is steadily drawn along, while another hand with a beater follows in the wake tp.beat out any sparks that may threaten to light the grass in towards the stack, leaving, of course, the other side to burn outwards, so as to meet the approaching Manger. This expedient has proved itself very effective, and by its means much loss has been prevented. 