NEWS OF THE DAY. Mildnra will produce this season no less than 500 tons of raisins, Victoria’s batter exportation to cease with the next shipment. Chlorination works are about to be erected at Moant Wills. The Treasurer of New Snath Wales states that the landed stock is being taken ap at the rate of £40,000 per month. A report that King Lobengala bad died of fever, brought on by exposure daring his flight from Bulawayo, has been confirmed. Under a law recenaly put ia force in France only physicians graduated in Franco are allowed to use the title “ Doctor’' in that country. A telegram from Richmond Downs (N.8.W.) states that rain has been general throughout the district, and that a good 1894 season is assured. A large whale that bad got into an inlet near Apollo Bay during high tide was cap tured on Friday at low tide, and a good haul of oil was made. The tax imposed on women for wearing trousers by the French Government ranges from £2 to £3, but all women are not given this privilege. -The total yield of wool in the United 1 States last year is estimated at 364,356,000 pounds, the largest clip ever made in one year. The fees fair the registration of factories are unpaid in no less tban'77o cases. Action . is about to be taken against, those guilty of neglect in this respect. " ■ The St. Arnandshire Council is of opinion' that the mounted police cannot attend to their ordinary duties and to those of rabbit, inspectors as well. The agitation for* the speedy opening of Parliament continues. The Premier, how ever considers that what is wanted is nob talk but work. Since the recent expiration of the Edison patents in England the price of electric lamps has coma down from 4s 6d to la 9d, with prospects of greater redaction soon. The 137 unemployed sent to clear the mallee are working well, and already some of them are earning more than , is required to pay for their keep. The Lady Loch on Saturday took 20 of the unemployed to Flinders Island to estab lish a fishing settlement there,' Boats and fishing gear purchased at the Gippsland Bakes, were taken. Owing to the prolonged drought the car riers and station hands in the Charleville (Queensland) district are cutting malga to keep the stock alive. There is no sign of rain. Two brothers named Holland, while fishing at Wsllagoot (N.S.W.), were washed off the rocks by a big wave. One was drowned; the other managed to scramble back, but was greatly exhausted. The jurisdiction of the new Bishop of Grafton and Armidale will extend over an area of 70,000 square miles south of the Queensland border. The church population is 26,000. The Queensland Government has refused to grant £3OO for .rations at the Volunteer Camp to be held at Easter, on the ground that such expenditure is opposed to the in tentions of Parliament. The total valne of the staple exports front South Australia last yearreached £3,295,475, and of foreign exports £5,168,461. The total imports last year amounted to £7,934,201. The value of the goods held for home consumption was £2,765,740. The German Government is in communi cation with the government of Great Britain with the object of promoting united action on the part of all European Governments, towards firmly suppressing the Anarchist body. ; The Rev. S. J. Neill, for many years Presbyterian minister at the Thames (N.Z.) has been suspended by the General Assem bly of the 'Presbyterian Church, on the 1 ground that he is a member .of an-anti- Christian Society, viz., the Theosophical Society. At the Mores (N.S.W.) quarter sessions, Catherine Phillips was charged with stabbing Wm. Coswell’ Smith with intent. She pleaded seduction and revenge. Smith did not appear. Accused was sentenced to one minute’s imprisonment, and was bound over to keep the peace for six months. During the progress of a bushfire at Nareena, near North Mirboo, a man named Robertson, who was sleeping in a cor rugated iron but, was surrounded by tho fire. He was nearly baked, but fortunately the wind veered round and be was able to escape. At the Shearers’ Conference Mr D. Temple, the general secretary, who is also secretary of the Creswick branch, resigned the former position, as it ia contrary to the rales to hold two offices. Mr W. G. Spence, who has been president of the Shearers' Union for eight years, was then elected general secre tary, and Mr T. Williams, M.L.A., waa chosen president in bis stead. James Cieland, the Elsternwick tailor,, who in November was found guilty of au attempt to poison bis wife, will come up for sentence to- day. When brought forward to receive his sentence in the ordinary course, Cieland was seized with strong convulsions, and the passing of sentence was postponed till this month to allow of enquiries being made into the man’s mental condition; Owing to the fact that the metropolitan councils are now employing their own labor to break stones for the street, whereas they used formerly to purchase their supplies from the gaols, there is now an accumula tion of broken metal at the prisons, the governors of which are at their wits’ end to know what to do to keep the criminals under their control at work. Gold (says one of the “ New Australians,” writing to the S. A. Register) is never seen in Argentina or Paraguay. It is ideed a rare and precious metal, one dollar (or peso, as they call it) being worth about three of Ar gentine paper and six and a half Paraguayan. Hence you will observe the Paraguay five centavo banknotes, of which there are thou sands upon thousands in circulation, repre sents something less than a halfpenny. Everywhere you will see in the windows of small shops piles of gold and silver coinage and acres of dirty Spanish textpaper cur rency and scrip. 