?NEWS 'AND- NpTEa'i We have to acknowledge the receipt of a c -py of the Western Australian Directory for 1894—1895, compiled by the publisher, Mr. H. Pienseni1, at the reasonable price of 1b. 6d. per copy. The directory, though very far from being complete, will bo found a very useful little work fur the office table, and counting' house, and as the publication is an enterprise which merits every en* couragement at the hands of the people of this colony, we shall be glad to bear of an extensive circulation being secured for it. Notices with reference to the estates (in bankruptcy) of the following persons appear in the last issue of the Government Qatatte : — A. W. Armstrong, * late hotel* keeper, Freniantle, application for discharge to be heard April 5 ; Meares and Tanner, butchers, Norbhain, notice of dividend. Mr. Treseler, landscape gardener from Sydney, hod an interview with the Mayor and Councillors of Perth, after the ordinary business last Friday, when an informal conversation ensued as to the. method and cost of laying out public parks in Perth. ?Mr. Treseder said that, having explained, in his . recent public lecture, how the large park on the Mount and the smaller park which was to be reclaimed and formed along the river frontage might be effec tively beautified, he now wished to know whether th« Council had any immediate in tention of plantiue either of the parks, as he would like an opportunity of throwing his experience into this work, and. to pro ceed in such manner as the financial and other circumstances of the Council would permit. On the Mount, for instance, the plantations might be formed first, and the roads and other improvements could follow according to the means avail able from time to time. The planta tions and general grouping, for landscape and ornamental eff set, might be dona for about £3,000; the other embellishments and the roads founa+ion to he done later, the coBt being; more considerable. The more expensive park would Ue that along the river, at the foot of the city, and there being no scenery to assist in the effect, this park would need mere embellishment for creating beautiful variety and charm, the details being rich and good. The park on the Mount, being Ies6 costly and ready for operations, might b« made first. After re marks by others, Cr. Hurst proposed that Mr. ^JTeeseder be requested, in accordance with his offer, to prepare a suggestive plan, . with rough estimate, for progressively planting and improving the park land on the Mount, and that it be a recommenda tion to the City Council to pay 10 guineas for the same. The Mayor said that, as the Council was not formally sitting, the motion would be a recommendation, and if agreed toby those present it would doubt less be carried out by the Council. On this understanding, the motion was carried, and Mr. Treseder was requested by the Mayor to prepare a plan and estimate. 1 he decision of the Privy Council in London, on the appeal made by the W.A. Land Company, sets at rest the disputed right of selecting Crown hinds under the contract for making the Great Southern Bailway on the land-grant system. The brief report received by cable, and pub lished yesterday, might have been more explicit. According to a ctble mes sage received, by the Government, thu appeal *vas decided in favor of the Government on the first point, and in favour of the company on the- second point. ? Therefore the Privy Council's decision is that, according to the contract, the company's right of selection wy-mu i-no rwurveu railway arm* uobs uov extend over all rural Crown lands, includ ing commonages ; and that the company's right of selection does extend. over town sites within the reserved area. It may be inferred, also, that this decision in London will operate as an interpretation of the Midland Railway Company's contract, the one contract being practically a duplicate gf the other as to. the general conditions. It will be learned with much satisfaction throughout the city that the supposed case of small-pox has turned out to be moth ing more than, a severe .case of chicke* pox. Dr. O'Cpnnor was able to make a more correct diagnosis of the case yester day, as the symptoms had further de veloped, and were clearly those of the milder disease. Under the circumstances the girl will be released, and the quaran tine restrictions on Mr. Ga coyne Williams' premises removed. The following quantities of gold, the pro* duoe of this colony, were declared at the H.H. Customs, Fremantle, or Tuesday* export per s.s. Cintra 3,257 oz. from ool gardie, declared value 4f.2,375; per s.s. Flinders, 2,706 oz. 13dwts. 6grs. from Cool gardie, declared value .^11,341. Messrs, Harvey 4, Son, printers, Cliff-st., F&matitle;, announce elsewhere in our V columns that tlv^-y have taken over -the business lately occupied b/ Mr. J£. Myers cough, Fremantle. Their large and varied stock, which consists of commercial sta tionery, office goods, school requisites, fancy goods, &c;, is entirely new. The library which has been carried on hitherto is to receive special attention, and will be open to subscribers on the loth inst. Pre parations are h-ing made to remove the book-binding and printing plant from Cliff st. to the new premises at an early date. ' Non-church Goera aud the Means of Attracting Them' was the title of a short paper, read by Mr. Kemp, at the Men's Meeting on Sunday afternoon last. The speaker began by denying the statement sometimes made that Non-church goers are most numerous in the ranks of the working classes, and said that he was of the opinion that there were large numbers of people who did attend church among ? both the working'and wealthier classes. People gave all sorts of reasons why they did not go to church, and he thought that some of them were valid reasons, and should be at nn/u mrarnnmn TTo giiotrAafor] n.B vamaMoa that class distinctions should be entirely abolished in church.that church goers should try and live more exemplary lives, and ex tend the right hand of fellowship, both in and out of church, to their fellow-men; that the services of the churches should be made more attractive by good music, cheerful hymns and less ' dry-as-dust' sermons ; that the churches should lead the way with a doctrine which would teach men more humanitarian principles. In the discus sion which followed various opinions were expressed, but they were only enlargements of those embodiei in the paper. The Albany paper states that theTorbay Sawmills are now almost ready to start work again. The running of logs by tram way from the '. bush to the mills has com menced, and the mills are now only awaiting for some additional machinery, which is on the way from Melbourne. Mr. A. D'Eetampes, the proprietor of the Albany Soap Works at Perth , passed th rough Albany the other day on his way to SfiVp.liolloB. Bourbon. Mauritius and South African ports, whence, says the Advertiser, he ships considerable quantities «f his Boaps. As the name of his Soap Works denotes, Mr. D'Estauipes began manufacturing soap in this colony at Albany. About 2 years ago the works were removed to Perth, where they are at present situated. Mr. D'Estampes has appointed Messrs. John Moir & Co. his agents for the sale of his goods in Albany. Mr. Tre-eder paid a visit of inspection on Friday last to Mr. Bateman's property at Bull's Creek, near Fremantle. The house ia built on a very pretty knoll, commanding a picturesque view of a reach of the Can ning river. Mr. Bateman has a good pro perty here. The fruit trees are doing well, and he is making arrangements for im provements in planting, &c.; On the way back a call was made on Mr. Moore, and our visitor was delighted with the vine yard, which he found in the highest state of perfection. All the vines and other fruit ;treeB are growing in soil which is of a very sandy nature, with limestone mixed freely through it; and this forms another evidence of the immense growing qualities of the much-despised sand, of which there are so many hundreds of thousands of acres around Perth. One bunch of grapes shown to Mr. Treseder was said to weigh 7lbs. On 'Saturday, starting by the 7 a.m. train from Perth, Mr. Treseder was met at Fremantle rby Mr. W. S. Pearse, M.L.A., and driven to that gentleman's property at Coogee, which is about eight miles away, on 4:Via wind 6a C*\n*anr*a Thctr-o ic a vnln able estate here of five thousand acies. The energetic proprietor has made a beginning to cultivate, and has a fine vineyard of 13 acres (best dessert fruit),'he Bidea some 3 acres of apples and oranges* The vines are not afflioted. by any disease whatever. The wood for next season's crop is rfell ripened and sound, and gives promise of a good return. The soil is of a very similar nature to that of Mr. Moore's, Woodside. 'I he oranges have been planted on land which is rather low, and Mr. Tre seder advises for all the citrus family thorough drainage, and by no means to plant upon land which is at all subject to stagnant moisture. Some remedies were given for insect pests — should they appear at any time— and hints as to the planting, pruning, and general training for the future welfare of the fruit trees. A correBpondsnt writing from Rottnest on Saturday last says:— A wedding is arranged to take place here oh Monday next, the 12th inst., when Dr. Badock wiU be united in wedlock with Miss Emily Angelo, daughter of Colonel Angelo, Super intendent of this island. About 80 or 90 gu&Bti; hay© been invited, so the occasion is Ul^lj' ^ .^rpye a very festive, one. The flowers*, and also the Bait-house, in whic the wedding breakfast is to be sewed. This will be the second wedding celebrated on the island. The Rev. E. Hanlin will officiate. The bush-fire which raged here last week has made half the is'and look parched and wretched. Many ineffectual endeavors havo been made to capture a very active seal which, for several days past, has been disporting itself on the reefs on the east side of the island. A curious story comes to me from West ern Australia (observes ' Theta' in Tlie Country). Some time ago a citizen from one of the eastern colonies arrived, having left behind him many sorrowing creditors, fie started to work energetically, and was entrusted with the temporary management of a thriving business, the proprietor of which was temporarily absent. Suddenly he disappeared. Afterwards it transpired that he had wired to his eastern creditors :— ' Struck it rich, at Coolgardie. Coming to pay you boys in full.' He kept his word, and on arrival paid them. Of course the creditors all wanted to be in the ' good thing ' which had enabled him to fulfil his honest intentions so rapidly, and they bought in at fancy figures, planking up twice as^much as they had received. Oa returning to the west, he was met by the irate proprietor of the business which he had so hastily left. ' What have you done with my stuff, you scoundrel ? ' ' Oh, that's all right,' said t e absconder, cheer* ily — ' Got a wire that fellows on the other sido who owed me money wanted to pay me, so cleared out at once. Steamer going that night — after bank hours — so jumped on board. Thought it safer to take your cash with me. Here it is, safe enough.' Both sets of creditors, east and west, are perfectly satisfied, and the double absconder ; has got a bit in hand, with which: he lias actually taken up a mining claim. A special meeting- of the Fremantle Municipal Council took place last Friday. I here were present the Mayor (the Hon. D.K. Congdon), Crs. Pearse, Newbold, .Tones, Higham, Doonan and Wray. After the minutes of the previous meeting' were read and adopted the Mayor stated among other Fordham that the standard weights would in future be kept at the Town Hall, and the owners of weights should in future be notified, by advertisement in the. papers, that they would be required to bring their weights at stated periods for adjustment. If the weights were found to be correct Mr. Fordham would be entitled to make a charge of 2d. each, but* if they required adjustment, a fee of 8d. would be charged. With respect to the paragraphs which had appeared in the two dailies stating that the City Council had declined €o cooper ate with that of Fremantle in accord ing a welcome to Sir Henry Parkes, be did not know where the information had been obtained, but he might say that the state ments were incorrect. [The Daily News has made no statement of the kind. The only allusion to the subject appeared in the report of the previous meeting of the Council, at which tine subject cropped up for the first time. — Er-. ] He had seen Mr. Forrest, the Mayor of Perth, and that gentleman had said that the City Council would have no objection to that of .Fre mantle joining if it thought fit, but he was of opinion that it would be better for Fr? niantle to welcome the veteran. statesman separately, and he (Mr. Congdon) thought similarly. After some discussion it was re solved, on the motion of Cr. Wray, seconded by Cr. Doonan, that Sir Henry Parkes be accorded^, public welcome in the Town Hall, and that the whole of the arrange ments be left to the Mayor. A communi cation was read from, the Under Secretary for Works, in reply to a letter of the Council, under date February 22, that the wharf at North Fremantle, near the road bridge, had been examined and report ed upon* and that .£175 would be required to put it in a thorough state of repair. The Minister asked if, -in .the event of the Go vernment undertaking the repairs, the Council would take over the wharf and make what charges it thought proper, and keep the wharf in repair. The general opinion of the Council was that the offer was a very generous one, and it was de cided to accept it. A petition bearing seventeen signatures of residents at North Fremantle was read, asking for additional lighting in Swan-street, Perth Eoad and Pensioner road, as well as on the bridge. It was resolved . to leave the matter to the Works Committee for a report to be handed in at the next monthly meeting. The plans for improvements to the premises of Mr. Ferris were approved. Cr. Jones drew at -VOUVJASU V\S VAJ.9 lUUIgWIVIW HUH UlOglOIUWllU condition of the South Beach between Essex and Norfolk-streets. Cr. Bigham said that the matter should be looked to at once. The Mayor said he would direct the attention of the Supervisor to it im- . mediately. The meeting then terminated. 