TALLAROOK. (PROM A CORnRESPO.DENT.) The.publicmeeting held at the Mechanics' Hall,, Tallarook, en Saturday evening last, to protest against the. contemplated change in the manner of conducting the postal business, was very well at tended: E. Kennedy, Esq., President of the Shire, occupied the chair. It was plainly evident that the people of the district are far from being pleased to hear that the C-vernment were to make a local person Postmaster,.as all the-resolutions were car ried. unanimonely. Even. Mr Howe,. it seems,.is not anxious to jump the office against the wish of the people. He explains his. only desire is to receive the-rent for his building. M. K. M'Kenzie, Esq., M.P., wrote stating he was unable to attend meet ing owing to a prior engagement, and also his action with regard to the matter up to a certain date in December. The Secretary, Mr F. U. Hickey, was instructed to send a copy of resol,, tiosnto our parliamentary representative, Mr M. K..M.'Kenzie, the P.M.G. and the Shire Council, and that a wire be sent to the Postmaster General asking him to stay arrangement until deputation waits him. A deputation is. asked from the Shire which,.when formed, to ask Messrs M. K. M1'Ken zie and Jc G. Duffy, M.P.'s and the Hon A. Sasohe,. M.L.C;, to introduce and accompany the joint deputation. For the past 12 months the present staff has conducted the postal: business of the people without any cause for complaint,.in fact the utmost confidence has been reposed.in the present officials, and the fear that such would not exist with, our Post- office under local or private control is mani- fest. and.the people warmly resent any action taken to deprive us-of that which has been a benefit and conducted: with such harmony. The traflii on.the North-Eastern line has been, during the past week,, nearly approaching boom times. The weather hasbeen hot during the past few days, the thermometev- standing on Saturday 101 deg.,.Sunday 102 deg., and on Monday 100 deg. Thiesday was more pleasant, a nice south. breeze blowing.. A great number of cases of sickness have been reported in this district. Bush.fires appear to be raging in the northern. portions of. the district. A. visitor from:Melbourne, who spent a few days fishing at the Goulburn, returned home on Monday morning last with a fish, amongst many others, weighing 10lbs. lie was delighted with his visit. Rev. Fr. Hartnett is very desirous that his people in Tallsrook should take some steps to repair and beautify their church before His Grace Dr. Carr should arrive,.whioh is-likely to take place in ApriL next. The Vincentian Missioners, it is said, are likely to visit the. district immediately preceding the Archbishop's visit. It was determined at last meeting of the Kilmore. Water Trust to inflict full penalty on contractor Regan for not keeping up to the terms of his con tract, the town having, been left without any water on a. certain occasion, the reservoirs giving out.. Lhe followingis the clause in specification hinding, contractor Regan :-Temnporary Daim. During the progress of the works the contractor sball~at his own expense provide for draining the foundations. He shall also make a temporary dam at the present pipe head and shall be held respon sible for keeping the present main running full from. date of acceptance of tender to completion of. the contract works.. Mr Denis Hayes,.who was porter at Kilm',re for the last four years,. has been removed to Numur kab.. On Saturday night some of the officers and, neighbors gave him a. " send-off,' and in common with them we wish the young: fellow, who is well respected,,every success in his now svhere. 