The reports of monthly meetings of municipal councils show that these bodies are beginning to exercise functions that are not directly associated with the duties they have been appointed to per form. Councillors are elected by the ratepayers solely for the purpose of expending to due advantage the revenues of their shire or borough within their own municipal boundaries; not to legis late on political and party questions for the benefit of the colony at large. This fact appears to be more and more completing eluding the notice of councillors, -.as the number of letters from other municipalities, dealingwith political questions, grows larger at every monthly meeting, and, if things go on as at present, in a very short time the councils .will be transform ed into miniature parliaments or political association's, and the special business of the ratepayers will be hustled into a corner or neglected altogether. The subjects brought /under the notice of the councils : this, month included the following : An alteration of the system of, (voting; dealing with absentees' -and compelling land holders .to -clear -off scrub ; the Thistle!' Act ; ' iclosed ; roads ; re ducing .salaries .of Government officers ; ' intercolonial free trade ; auditing municipal- accounts. Some :of these, it is true, are matters of special concern to municipal coun cils, but others again are out of their province "altogether,"' and it is difficult toknow what' could have instigated any council to take- them into consideration, unless it was the desire of some . of its members to bring themselvesinto prominence in- the discussion of 'political ques tions/with' k"- view' of making the council a-" 'stepping stone to lift them-into place and power. If a "calculation were made of the cost of printing and posting circulars and of sending replies to them and of the amount of ; time, wasted by councillors; speechifying ion busi ness that does no t properly' concern them, it would be found to amount to a very serious - item. The legitimate1businessi'bf "the council is too often' put aside '-from month to month for want of sufficient time to dea l with it, so that the waste of time in debating- matters out of their provihceis'air.the less excus able. The expence entailed- is no doubt materially , increased, when the movers go the length of holding a conf.e'renee7or'sending a deputa tion -to'- the 'Government, and it would, be a. very good thing if Ministers were to refuse to receive deputations . from municipalities, and if the auditors were to, disallow the " expenditure /except in cases where the business dealt with was specially identified with" the in terests" of.'locahgovernment. That councillors are not. elected to, deal with freetrade, manhood suffrage, or kindred questions, is apparent from the fact that many men who have occupied seats at tlie council board for years have repeatedly failed to get admission, to parlia ment, for the simple reason that their views on nationaljjpr party questions were not in "accord with those of the '.majority oh their fellow citizens ; /and the; political moves by members in the council have often'been nothing-more than an attempt to give effect, in a representative capacity, to views that were opposed to the convic tions of the great body of men who placed them there, A candidate for municipal honors, merely ex presses his opinions on the manage ment of affairs in his own borough or shire, not on the national policy of the country, and it is a con sideration of the former only that decides his election or rejection by the ratepayers. It would be found also that if too much weight were attached to the recommendations of local government bodies on ;public affairs, there would be a strong tendency to legislate for the benefit of certain districts and to overlook the interests of others. A case in point was that in which the shires in the north-western part of the colony were agitating for an alteration in the law with reference to "burning off/' that might be beneficial to the dry districts, but would be most disas trous to our own and similar ones, where every latitude has to be given to' enable settlers to destroy the scrub and where bushfires are practically unknown. Also at the present time, some of the councils on the border are in favor of an abolition of the stock tax, while shires in the great agricultural districts are furiously opposed to it:. Parliament represents the whole colony, and is the proper body to deal with questions in which the whole colony is concerned, whereas " the interference of the municipal councils can only be mischievous and entail a waste of time, and consequent, neglect of the busi ness that has the first and only legitimate claim on them. The" Orbost shire councilhas been 'gazetted trustees of the Orbost ceme tery. The Treasurer contemplates further redactions of the salaries of Govern ment officers, and intends to reduce , the pensions also. With reference to the latter he says, " Some assert this would be repudiating portion ol a jnst liability; hut let them answer this question — If Jones, because he is in the service, has to suffer a reduction owing to the stress of the times, why should Smith, who is living on a pension based upon the purchasing power of money 35 3' ears ago, not be asked to do the same ?" The operation of the wind or the sea, since the large entrauco at the month a f fltn finoiirir Riitop wnc ArtonOn lit' f, in December Hood, is completely altering- the beach in that vicinity. The large humtnocks that liaye been standing there since the first settlers came into the district were partly nndermined on the land side by the floods, and from some cause or other the sea is now washing away the beach and under mining the hummocks on the other side. The backwater on the Mario side having beeri shnt off, the current is confined now to ono entrance, which is. working its way eastwards, bat appears to have a good channel at present. Some years ago, application was made to the Minister of Lands to gazette the Orbost Recreation Grounds . as a permanent reserve for recreation purposes, but the request was not acceded to, on the ground that suf ficient improvements had not been made. Since then, owing chiefly to the efforts of the Friendly Societies, the land has been cleared and fenced, and the Minister has consented to have it permanently reserved. As a request was recent.lv sent from a Dublic meetinsr in Orbost in favor of the appointment of the shire council as trustees, it is probable that the management will be vested in that body at an early date. The Snowy River Shipping Com pany's schooner Orbost has been chartered for a trip to Freemantle, West Australia. Owing to the small amount of freight, a result of the crops having been destroyed by the Decem ber flood, there is only one boat running between Orbost and ' Mel bourne at present. Tenders are invited by the council for additional works at the Horth Arm bridge at Cunninghaine and for -altera-: tioiis to the Snowy River: bridge at Orbost, the former works are to absorb the balance ot the special vote for the bridge and approaches, and' the latter comprise the ain-rktibns : which the Public Works departui.-ut insists on in pursuance ot the report of the depart mental engineer. Pitman, the touiider of the phono graphic system which bears his name, has received the honor of knighthood. It is reported that the wreckage of a ship, name unknown, is visible off Gabo Island. The leaders of Coxey's Labor Army in America have been sentenced to short terms of imprisonment. An appeal against the decision of the court has been dismissed. Floods have occurred in Pennsyl vania, doing an enormous amount of damage. At Williamsport, on the Susquehanna River, the loss is es timated at £200,000. Numbers of hoases and bridges have been swept away and thousands rendered homeless. Efforts are being made in Glasgow to secure direct shipments of colonial meat and other produce to that port. Coo! stores are in course of erection, and the promoters iuvite colonial exporters of meat and other produce to ship direct to Glasgow. The Manchester ship canal has been opened by the Queen in the presence of two million spectators. 