.THE WEATHER. < ' ' ANOTHER HOT DAT. BUSH FIRES IN THE COUNTRY. 114 DEGREES IN THE SHADE AT HOPETOUN. The weather yesterday was again op presive, notwithstanding that there was a slight wind blowing from the south. The thermometer registered 141dcg. in the sun and flGdeg. in the shade. The reports re- ceived by the Government astronomer stated that the weather was warm all over the colony. Mr. Ellery predicts more Bultry weather to-day, but there is a prospect of the sun being partly obscured by clouds. THOUSANDS OF ACRES OF GRASS BURNED. HOPETOUN, Monday. A tremendouB bush fire has been raging a few miles east of Hopetoun since Saturday morning. It originated on a block belonging to Mr. Addinsall, and finished by covering the whole of his land. Owing to the weather being so intensely hot, the chance of putting the fire out was very remote ; and although there was a large body of men working every night, not much progresa was made. A wheat-field belonging to the station was saved to-dny with difficulty. Fortunately no crops as yet have been burnt, the fire being confined in the mallee and mallee rolled down for culti- vation next year. Allotments belonging to Messrs. Addinsall, Brady, Sulman, and Smith are more or lesa burnt, the rest of the land lieioneing to Lake Oorong Station. It is estimated at present that fully 8,000 acres of country has been awept. The thermometer on Saturday registered lOGdeg. In the shade, on Sunday 112deg., and to-day llldeg. ALLENDALE, Monday.-The thermo- meter registered on Sattirdny BGdeg., on Sundny 92deg., mid to-day 03de¡r. in the shade. The air below in the mines is hot and oppressive, but work has been kept going. ARARAT, Monday.-Another extensive bush tilt1 broke out on Saturday on Chapman Common. The heat was intense, the ther- mometer standing nt HOdeg. in the sun. The fire broke out near Mr. M'Leod'a, and eight acres of wheat were destroyed. It extended to Mr. Herbertson's, who lost COO acres ot grasa, to Mr. Lloyd's, who lost grass and fences, Mr. M'Donald's, Mr. Barton s, and the Burrumbeet Estate. Several thousand of aerea were swept over by the fire, but the homesteads were saved. BENDIGO, Monday.-This was the fourth hot c'iiy in succession. The maximum records for the past four days (shade readinga) were ns follows :-Friday, !)7dcg. ; Saturday, 103deg.; Sundny, lOlJdeg.; Monday, 105'7deg. BALLARAT, Monday.-The heat has nguiu been intense to-day, reoching 99deg. in the shade. BENA, Monday.-The heat for the last four days lins been very great. To-day the thermometer registered USdeg. in the shade. CHILTERN, Monday.-Yesterday the thermometer legisteretl i)9deg. in the shade, and the highest reading to-day was lOOdeg. CHARLTON, Monday.-On Sunday the thermometer registered llOdeg. in the shade, and to-day lOfideg. There nre no indications of abrenkyet. The township water aupply isnot likely to hold out long, and if this weather continues recourse will have to be had, as in former years, to the railway reservoir. COLERAINE, Monday_A fire broke out in the grass on Hilgay Estate yesterday morning, and in its spread did much damage. Between 1,000 und 0,000 acres of grassmere burnt, leaving about-2,000 aeres untouched. The station carries ? about 17,000 Sheep, besides cuttle. Crops in both stacks: and stooks, belonging to n farmer named Carter, were destroyed ; alao a good thrashlng muchine (uninsured) belonging to Mr. Thomas nadden, and valued at £200. It is thought by some that the fire was caused wilfully, on account of there having been two previous outbreaks during the past three weeks. The weather continues very hot. CASTLEMAINE, Monday_The .weather continues exceedingly hot and oppressive. Yesterday the thermometer registered lOOdeg. in tile shade, and to-day the registration in the early part of the afternoon waa 103deg. in the shade. HAMILTON, Monday. - To-day the temperature was 9Udcg. in the shade and 153deg. in the sun. A small bush fire broke out on Saturday near Wannon, and several acres of grass were burnt. INGLEWOOD, Monday. - The ther momi'ter registered llOdeg. in the shade to- day, mid an almost unknown register in the sun. KILMORE, Monday.-The weather has been very warm since Saturday last "Yester- day was the hottest day of the season, the thermometer registering 993eg. in the shade. Some cases of sunstroke have occurred! ' MARYBOROUGH, Monday.-This after- noon wns excessively warm, the reodint re- corded hy the thermometer being very high. At 0 o'clock llOdeg. in the shade and lBOdeg. i in the sun was registered. MURCHISON, Monday.-During the past three days the thermometer has averaged nearly lOOdeg. in the shade. To-day smoke ia coming into the town from various bush fires. Mr. Thomas Lucas, a farmer at Murchison East, lost about 100 acres of grasa and aome chains of fencing hy lire yesterday. It ia believed to have been caused by some swagsmen. There are indications of a large fire in the direction of M'hroo or Rushworth noticeable here this afternoon. ST. ARNAUD, Monday.-Tlie weather for three du)s past has. been Intensely hot, the glass to-day reaching 108deg. in the shade. TARADALE, Monday.-The thermometer to-day registered over 102deg. in the shade. Smoke is rising in the distance to the north- west of the town, and if the heat continues* destructive bush fires will necessarily re- sult. TERANG, Monday.-The heat has been very intense during the last two days. Yes- terday it reached lOldg. in the shade, and to-day it is only a point less. TARADALE, Monday.—A large bush-fire broke out to-night at Sutton Grange, and is at present raging, covering many acres of grass. WARRAGUL.Monday.-Theheatthrough out the district is Intense. On Saturday the thermometer rose to 102deg. To-day it has been equally hot, and there are no Indica- tions of a change. 