DISTRiCT COUNCILS' ASSOCIA TION. On Friday week the annual meeting of the District Oounoils' Association was held at the Deputation-room, Government Offices, Viotoria-sqnare. The retiring Chairman (Mr. G. F. Oleland), took theohair, and there was a large attendance of delegates. The following were present:—President, Mr. W. H. Iud; Vice-President, Mr. J. Rowell; Executive Committee, Messrs. W. Haines, and J. T. Mellor; Treasurer, Mr. A. J. Batt; and Secretary, Mr. J. D. Woods, jun. The Districts were represented as follows;— Apoinga, Mr. T. W. Jones; Alma Plains, Mr. W. T. Humphries; Apoinga, Mr. W. G. Hawkes; Belalie, Mr. P. Ward; Belvidere, Mr, J. Jackson; Blyth, Mr. E. A. 8. John eon ; Booborowie, Mr. J. Londan; Booyoolie, Mr. W. Wilson; Broughton, Mr. L. R. Wake; Bnrnside, Mr. J. R. Osborn ; 0*1 towie, Mr. M. Hill; Oampbslltown, Mr. P. Addison; Clinton, Mr. H. Freeman; Orafere, Mr. W. Dyere ; Crystal Brook, Mr. W. H. Binney ; Dalkey, Mr. G. Thompson; East Torrent, Mr. F. Pollard; Eohunga, Mr. O. Born; Encounter Bay, Mr. H. Grosvenor; Georgetown, Mr. J. Murrie; Gilbert, Mr. J. Shearer; Gladstone, Mr. G. Fisher; Graoe, Mr. G, Marshman, J.P.: Hutt and Hill Rivers, Mr. J. Graham; Higheroombe, Mr. W. H. Ind ; Eadina, Mr. G. Wearne; Kapunda, Mr. H. Plush; Luoindale, Mr. E, Hall; Maoolesfield, Mr. J. Logan; Marion, Mr. G. Western; Minlaton, Mr. J. Williams; Mitoham, Mr. O. Mills; Morphett Vale, Mr. W. E. Bagebaw; Mudla Wirra South, Mr. J. Bray; Munno Para West, Mr. R. Underdown; Nairne, Mr. R. Williams ; Nealeg, Mr. O. A. Wit tor ff; Ninnes, Mr. P. Heath'; Nuriootpa, Mr. H. 0\. Hey res: Onkaparinga, Mr. J. Williams; Para Wirra, Mr. J. H. Bowden; Payneham, Mr. James Beasley; Prospect, Mr. ~ E. G. S, Cfren ; Qaeenstown and Alberton, Mr. J. Williams; Rosewater, Mr. G, Johnsonj Snowtown, Mr. R. Cooper; j Stirling, Mr. G. Rndd ; Stratbalbyn, Mr. B. Smith; Tatiara, Mr. 0. Stoddart; Teatree Gully, Mr. W. Haines; Walkerville, Mr. W. ) Cox ; WeBt Tonens, Mr. J. Rowell; Wood-" i ville. Mr. R. Woolnough ; Yatala North, Mr. D. Rows; Yatala South. Mr. John Francis; Yorke'e Peninsula, Mr. J. W. Shannon. The oiroular oalling the meeting stated inter alia Th^eason especially selected by the Association (or the destruction of sparrows has now set in, and poisoned wheat is being supplied to Councils, so that the work of destruction can be carried on with the utmost dispatch. It has been slated th t the sparrows often dcline to take the poisoned wheat, and Mr. Ji-G. Roster, of Payneham, ussens that the cause is that they take the grain into their beaks and feeling the bitter taste tbey diop tbe grain and do not take it. To get over this difficulty be has tried, with complete success, dipping tbs poisoned grain in a syrup of sugar and water. Most of the Councils are giving the grain to their ratepayers gratis. It is further suggested tbat this grain be giveu only during the time the Council b&s; tired as a special time for sparrow destruction. The balance-sheet showed that there was a oredit of £162 13s. 2d. The assets and liabilities gave a surplus of £178 13s. 2d. There were 107 Counoils eubsoribing to the ! Association. Adopted. The election of President was then proceeded with. The Chairman explained that he was no longer | eligible >"or eleotion. Mr. W. H. Ind was then unanimously elected President. The other officers were elooted as follows:—Vioe President, Mr. J. Rowell ; Executive, Messrs. W. Haines and J. T. Mellor; Treasurer, Mr. A. J. Batt; Secretary, Mr. J. T. Woods, jun. Tbe newly eleoted President, Mr. Ind, then took the ohair, and thanked the dele gates for tbe honour tbey had^eonferred upon him. He hoped he would give the samesatiB faction in the future as Mr. Cleland had done in the past. Mr. J. Rowell expressed his thanks for ] being eleoted Vice-President. The other offioers also returned thanks. Tbe President mentioned tbat the wheat supplied to the Councils for the destruction of sparrows had proved a failure. The Phoenix wheat was much better. THE ASSOCIATION MEETINGS. Mr. H. Ghosvenos, on behalf of the En counter Bay Distriot Council, moved—"That in futur«.the meetingeof the Distriot Councils' Association be held only half-yearly." Mr. J. W. Shannon (Yorke's Peninsula)seoundod. The expenses of the delegates were too muoh for the Councils to pay more than twice a ] year. The motion was opposed on tbe ground that the reduction in tbe number of meetings would lead to the interest in the Aesooiation dwindling away, and that it was better for the j Distriot Counoils of theBuburbsand tbe others which oouid attend to carry out the business rather than allow the Executive to do the | work. Carried. THE ELECTIONS. Mr. H. Freeman, on behalf of the Clinton Discriot Oounoil, moved—"That tbe words I 'or his deputy' be inserted after the word.I ' officer' in the first line of olause 68 of Aot No. 419, 1887, when the Aot is being amended." He eaii^ under the present Aot the Returning Offioer, even in oase of illness, oould not appoint a deputy to reoeive nomi nations. When an emergency arose it wae J neoessary to have a substitute. Mr. J. W. Shannon seconded. The Chairman suggested , that the words " in case of eiokness" should be added to the motion. Some discussion arose as to who should appoint the deputy, and tbe Chairman said the Counoil oould do so at the ti-lie ths7 appointed the Re turning Officer. _ Mr. Rowell mentioned that the Returning Officers had power to appoint deputies to carry out the election, and they ebould have the power to appoint substi tutes to receives nominations. Mr, W. Haines said the Returning Offioer was responsible for the carrying out of the Aot, and he should have tbe power to appoint the deputire. Mr. J. T. Mellor (Woodville) moved, ae an amendment—"Tbat power be given to the Returning Offioer in oase of sicknese after his appointment to appoint a deputy ot deputies to reoeive nominations, open voting-plaoes, ] deolare the result of the poll, and do all other J things neosssary to oarry out the election." Mr. Jj. R. Wake eeoonded. The amendment was carried. Mr. H. Grosvenob, for the Enoounter Bay DiBtriot Council, moved—" Add to clause 6, ' day of nomiuatiou shall mean the day when nominations are appointed to be received, and day of eleotion shall mean the day when tbe eleotion by ballot iB to be held, should more candidates than the required number be nomi nated. '" Carried. Mr. Gbosvenob also moved to amend olause 47, by adding after the word printing in the 9th line, "or who shall supply a contractor with material at ordinary prices, when in the opinion of the Oounoil it is deemed in the interests of the distriot to do so." He pointed out that one of the Councillors in his Oounoil owned a quarry, and under the Aot he oould not sell the atone to a contractor beoause then he was "in directly benefited." Mr. C. Mills (Mitoham) seoonded. The Chairman pointed out tbat under the Road Aot the oontrao tor oould compel the Councillor to sell to thB contractor. Carried. Mr. H. Gnos venob proposed—" At the end of olause 65 to add, ' but shall not be preoluded from exer cising his vote if a ratepayer of the distriot.'" This amendment was proposed with the inten tion of giving the Returning Offioer an ordi nary vote besides a oasting-vote. Mr. P. Addison seconded. It wae argued by Mr. Rowell, against the motion, that the Return ing Offioer ehould be strictly neutral. It was pointed out that by a man becoming a Return ing Offioer he lost hie representation for a year although he paid his rates. Negatived. Mr. J. Shearer (Gilbert Distriot Oounoil) moved—"To amend olause 47 of Distriot Ceunoila Act, 1887, by inserting after the word 4 of,' in the seaond line, the words ' the ward of the diBtriot in which he pays rates aUo in the fourth schedule, after tbe words 'as a candidate for the offioe of Oounoillor' insert' of the ward in which he pays rates.'" He did ao for the purpose of limiting the ohoioe of Councillors for wards to ratepayers of those wards and prohibiting any one living outside the ward, but in the distriot, being eleoted and compelled to serve for that division. The motion lapsed for want of b seconder. Mr. J. Beat, for the Mudla Wirra South District Council, moved—"That power be given in the Distriot Councils Act 'o fix by by law different hours of voting to those set out in olause 7 of the Ballot Act of 1863. He wanted the Distriot Counoils to have power to shorten the hours of voting. In oases where there was only a email eleotion a muoh shorter time than the prescribed hoars would do. Mr. W. H. Binkky seoonded. Mr. J. W. Shannon pointed out that although the number of voters might be small, all of those oould not go to the poll at .the aame time. Negatived. BUSH ETBEB. The Eadina District Oounoil, represented by Mr. Weabne, moved—"Tbat olanse 3 of the Bash Fires Aot, No. 367 of 1885, be. i amended for the purpose of empowering Counoils to fix the date as well as the hours of stubble" burning." ■ Mr. J. W. Shannon j eeoonded. It wae argued that in South Aus-' tralia the seasons were not simultaneous, and months which suited the North did not suit the Bouth. Carried. Mr. L. R. Wake, for the Broughton District Counoil, proposed— "That clause 4 of the Bush'Fires Act, No. S57 of 1885, be amended for the purpose of enabling the Connoil also to fix the days and hours for scrub burning within each -district." Mr. E. G. 8. Uben seconded. Carried. the erABBOwa. Mr. J. RowELL.for the West Torrens District Council, moved. —(1.)—"That the Government be requested to amend the Sparrows Destruc tion Aot by inserting tbe words • and star lings' after tbe word 'sparrow' wherever it ooour# in the Act." (2.)—Also by strikingout tbe word ' may' in the first line of olause 19, and inserting the word 'shall.' He said this was practioally what the Agricultural Society wanted. Starlings would become as great a nuisance as sparrows unless they were de stroyed.- Tbe seoond portion of the motion made it oorapuUory for the Oounoils to^iay for heads and eggs. Mr. P. Addison (Oampbell town) seconded tbe first olause. Mr. D. Rows (Yatala North) seconded tbe seoond portion of the resolution. Mr. W. E. Baqshaw (Morphotb Vale) said he bad been informed by aohemist that there was not sufhoient strychnine in the grain to poison the sparrows. Other delegates mentioned that they bad been successful in destroying tb birds with the poisoned wheat. Mr. Shanno hoped that tbe Councils would not pay It eggs. Sparrow eggs at fid. per Sbzen were better than hen eggs at 4d. per dozen, and would not oost so mudhto-praduoe. Tbe first portion of the motion was carried and the seoond clanse negatived. THISTLE AND BURR ACT.' Mr. H. Plush, a delegate from the Kapqnda DUtriat Counoil, moved—"That the Govern ment be asked to consider tbe ad visableneis of so amending the Thistle and Burr Aot that posting notices to'last known residence of owner or occupier be suiBoient notice to suob owner or occupier to effectually destroy noxious weeds." An immense amount of time was taken up by the Clerk in serving notioes. Sometimes the owners lived in Adelaide, and a notice oould not be served on them. Mr. J. Mubrie (Georgetown) seconded, and said to oarry out the Aot was an impossibility. It cost some pounds to. serve some notioes, and only a fine of 6s. was reoovered. Carried. LIABILITY FOR STACKING METAL. Mr. W. H. Binney, on behalf of tbe Crystal Brook District Council, moved "that ail Councils be exempt from liability provided all metal is ataoked 16 ft. from the centre of the rosd." Mr. Plush seconded. Mr. W. Murbie moved as an amendment "That District Oounoils shall not be liable for damages caused by the staoking of road metal on the road provided that there be at least 20 ft. of olear roadway provided for road traffio." Mr. J. F. Mellor ssoonded the amendment. The amendment was lost. Mr. W. Haines then moved to strike out " 16 ft." and insert *'12 ft." This amendment was carried and the motion as amended was passed. The meeting then oloBed, 