AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO. Those, of the older generation who happened to glance into the football columns a day or two ago could not have help being entertained exceedingly with the report of the trial, SHarpo v. Slater,- ex parte Oulmsee. It was an action for assault and for using abuaivo langun go calculated to provoke a breach of, the ponce. The hearing topic place at the Yiew Point Hall of Justice,' before Chief Justice Charles and BarbYis .Huff and Johns'} recorder and court prior Sir John Whitlam. From what f: made out of the case upon a rather hurried reading', It appeared that Football Sharpe, deposed 'that ho know’tho dofen daub. -. Remembered the Wednesday afternoon in question. In the porformauce: of his duties ho attended cone q£th« Ask sedation's football groundSjandfrom in formation received arrested the prisoner.', He also hoard the prisoner muttoriug’ seme language that even slang diction aries do not publish, but ho would hot; swear to the words, If the honorable 1 court desired he would write down the: wbrdsmsusod to the best of his belief and [knowledge on a slip of paper and hand, it ; i up to their Honors. Haknewbhat their worships were men of superfine delicacy; of thought and.ohasteness of sentiment;, Whilst the sourt loungers so ineffably transcended even their worships in bheip adherence to the purest conventionalities of lingual expression that he’ would' not harrow and outrage the, tender susceptibilities „ of. bench, bar oK audience by a verbal repetition of the words which he believe he hoard'the. prisoner muttering. However, if their honors wished it he would smuggle it up to them written on a bit of paper, behind which bit of paper he would with all duo deference, suggest that the court could read and hide its virtuous blushes. ..After a short consultation the court decided to take tho language as being better imagined than described. Two wrongs they also held —Henry IV, 1250 A.D, Queen Victoria and colony of Victoria v. Sir Matthew Henry wrongs could not make a right, hence-the words wore nob hdmiasablo. If it were wrong , to use them in the first plaoe, it were a double wrong to inflict them upon the tympana of his honorable court. Senior* Constable Sharpe, proceeding, said that he bowed to the decision of their honors. Anyhow he had bad to caution the defen dant on several previous occasions, tha t he’d look him up or otherwise securely dispose of him. From information; received from, a small giant of a chap, tali' and stout, bub somehow known as Looney ho at last resolved to put the law and the lob of them in motion. Slater and Oalmsee daring the proceedings treated each other to a smart scrap, but Skter having,*as it would appear, had metropoli tan experience was oue too many for tho country phap. In cross examination thoj prosecuting constable admitted that he admitted'that he believed Oulmsee did | calHihe defendant a “North Melbourne! bummer,” meaning thereby, he might I explain to the honorable and unspphicated court, a “ North Melbourne loafer.” Also |ihe called him a “Charlie Kidder,” the | t e,tyraoIogy of which term he was doubtful, [(bub which he understod was a derivative -fropi the name of a gentleman formerly well-known in tho highest ranks of metro* opolitan footballism, upon whose shield ! was emblazoned the rootte, “ It is more blessed to receive than to give.” (Ap plause, which was instantly suppressed by' Sir John.) In reply to Chief Justice Oharles the witness denied that be bad on any occasion been “ narked ” by the defen dant. He believed that tho defendant would as soonabout ” for him as tor any other jofiiceroti the football beat, Witnesses were next called who deposed that Culiqsee was in the habit of slinging off at the defendant j that “ Charlie Kidder ” was a of his, also that he would do better to,purchase .a dictionary and-study than to depend for the enrich ing of his vocabulary upon the chance and off-handed expressions of his companions. Counsel learned in football laws and versed in precedents having addressed; the court on both sides, and the crier having called for “Silence”- and for “ the • orders ” the court pro proceeded to deliberate. (Note:.There is no class favoritism in this court ; the prisoner has his drink along with the rest). Their liquors and iheir delibera tions coming to a simultaneous close ! Chi f Justice Oharles intimated that, un like a certain learned legal luminary once not unknown to frame the* court has not brou ght its decision ready written in its; pock et, a yard and a half long, before completing the evidence or hearing the learned gentlemen engaged in the case. iQ?his court was not that kind of eburt, and he trusted that lb would n**yer dero gate from the high stand ird of legal excellence and profound veneration of the fountain of justice which was the court’s inheritance, and which it would 1 be the ambition of- himself and of* his brother barons to maintain during life and upon their death or deposition to hand down unsullied to posterty or their sue* oessors. - Sir John (energetically interjecting)-:. Qh, stouch that—what are you going t o do with Sister, and are you going to let Oulmsee off, too? That’s the question. Ohief-Jaslice Qharles ; it is by : ; Jove. T suppose we’ll have tq reluctantly and with the permission of the' Fall Court sought for and obtained fine Slater IQs for fighting; we’ll have as an association or a club of this association tp look askaqce et the uippird for laying a charge against a man as is a good player, and we’ll have to warn Oulmsee; to put a piece of twine around Kis “ North Melbourne bummers ” and “ Charlie Kidders:” . Sir John (approvingly).; That’s all right, why didn?t'you say it before. ' However and without joking, that trial of an offending footballer last 'Monday evening at' Whitlam’s [hotel (before a bepcji- composed of footballers) was as decorously and as intelligently conducted; as a trial in a police court, for rowdy bon duct and unseemly language. , It was quite enjoyable ; to- read it. If - read almost exactly like a police court report, except (bait the feo.tbs;)fj magistrates are too wise to let lawyers into their court to puzzle up and humbug things generally, whereas the police court magistrates have no! option but to put up .with the impudent travesties on justice by which the legal gentleman live. Further, it should'have a repressive effect on local, football rowdyism if in future 'umpires ate to have the powers of policemeWand brtog offenders befqrp tye ijar qf the Point,; and there befpfo the -reporters^to be treated to hard stuff of a peculiarly ; satisfying flavor, Vf ,-"V ;: says /local, “ flub ybting fellows ! • They’re spending- their money as they, 'makes it— and-jkodphlnVit dbwnthere likesome on ’em does !”-'//. . “/infernal young, idiots,” exclaims a disinterested : individual, “Inferaalybdng idiots;! thb/bhance tihat they’re; . ‘v.v-.V:: '£<. -:>■ W-. . - and. igtteredm minesi splendid tribute,: there* 1 beiogabigbodyofstoneinsightruhning fromanduhVe^ worle;bb r f<^ » that* they- are sirnply playiDg and fooling with, their i: good I managerand^-^ : laughingintheirindlyidual and cqrporato . eleeve at/them. T young fetiche fool withthelr rich ,tribute fcho rrioro of thcir own time thoy waste and fchemovo: tho company will gain, and the rtoro uuaklllfdl the way thoy work the groundiomuch the more will be left for the company to work. Those of them, who are steady and hardworking young follows do not, I am assured by an old practical minor, know bow to work the ■block to the bost advantag©; and as for the others—well you know how dangerous iHswhon hobbledehoys get more money into'their hands than they, know .how to handle: They"' dbri’fc usually have the handling of it long; I .am assure 1 that they only g*fe out as much stone in a. month as' they should in a week if their tribute block wore properly worked. ’ Con sequently they are only getting one- fourth the quantity of gold' that they should have. However, perhaps it Is all for the best y iihe gold will' bo left for older hands to handle and perhaps foe wiser heads to make hotter’use of it. Nevertheless the steady young men of tlio party should place-themselves under the captaincy of spuie v good old miner. Are there not §dme unemployed mining managers about? They should then work IrapUoLtly accord ing to his direetions, wire in ns if they themselves were working under a. nigger '•‘ boas ” below ground oleariog of n big spore, above ground; should put oh as many men as ban find room to swing a; pick or beat a. drill, and in every way make the beat of their luck ..while their lUok is in. And the drouthy ones of the party should remember,that though now the weather is «6 wet there is m*;»y a hot parched summer before fchein when the “ long slocvors ” how .being carelessly, thoughtlessly and unnecessarily consumed, will be prayed for and sought for with heat and ivith fervency; .whoa the memory of them shall be ns a beautiful dream that! has passed away down, the long dry avenues of time, when the pocket shall bo ‘rattled and give not forth one. golden chink nor one silvern tinkle, when a Cool gurdio bush- fire shall be raging in the throat, and the whole land, because of its dryness, be with desolation and.they haven't got a soliuvy three-penny for. a solitary “long sleever” of rare' old Steward’s to comfort them with.all. Yea,'! my brethren, when that., day monies they will in sorrow and ‘with dr.pppihg . uf spirits recall the words of th'e'wise scribe, and swear* like a rainingraannger with his shoots running. empty,, because they didn't buck in when they had, the show and stick to their “greed ", when they had it. Yerily -and lastly my brothrou, the world is full of young men who have thrown away their obances and of old fellows who go about whining or tearing at their bald locks -because they were once chose young fellows. A clergyman at Echuca, preaching ori the ever popular subject of matrimony warns young women, never to have any thing to do with young men who speak slightingly of the Scriptures and talk dis« paragiogly of clergymen. My sentiments exactly. Only I vary the reading a little.. Dearly beloved young maidens and widows j I on the - look out for your seconds and ] thirds as many hundreds of you as are i ; numbered amongst my readers, shun, fly from him, let hot the beauty of thy coun- j cenance smile upon him$> let Him not en circle the fair or the attenuated propor ! tions of thy waist, have nothing to do with him, treat him as a.ploguo, as pes-1 tilenfc mischief making fellow,. whos*? lot i hereafter is in the Bake of Burning Ink Drums—the young , man who-speaks slightingly of newspapers and Calks dis j paragingly of newspaper men. They m^y, j perhaps be as good or better, men than the newspaper men. But never you | mind, my dear young girls and old girls of certain and uncertain ages—-take my. un% , supported word for it—they are bad, bad,J bad. None but infidels and scoffers,* rogues, thieves, hyprocrites and vagabonds 7 speak ill of.newspapers and of newspaper men, It must be true, when it’s a journalist as says it. I magnify mine officer . . . ; It clings to a place for a long, time; A Mr. -T, Harry Marshall was in the most reoenily uaed- of the. convict settlements of Australia fined £700 the Other day for-*! defrauding" the Customs—that is for robbing the Government and people. Now T see that they have elected him to the West Australian Legislative Council .for the province t>f Fremantle. Terily it is no harm to take that which, does not belong to you, if you poly take it in the right way. But a delicate compli ment to Australian - Upper Houses in general such an olection'mustbe. Bobbers of the public estate..through dummy land selectors and the Lands Department we have frombld time. But it is bad when the Customs Department is also beginning to get into the running. A country correspondent said of a recent bush' public house banquet that “ the tables fairly groaned under the good things provided.” That’s it. Who did fcho “ groaning " next morning, or whether oyer or under tho tables, the serine don’t tell us. . . I . A friend relates with much gusto and humor how some of our marksmen fired a | match the other day; and in what a i. singularly laughable way they happened to lose it. Briefly it’is that one of the best shots of the team found that liis ammunition was opt of order; that something h$d happened to it that killed tho force of (he powder, so that most of the bullets fell short of . the targets. . The'“humorous” part is thus explained. The marksman; so it Is re lated, uses aji old oven in which tp keep Ms cqrtrjdgos dry. A while ago he transferred them to another place. His children rummaging about Happened to drop on, the innocent things.. “Oh,. here’0 Dad’s cartridges,” exclaimed one, “however did they get here?, Let us put them back in the oven I” So baok into the oven they’ were popped. The oven, it seems, has lately been restored to use. Spnofc-knowing that the car tridges had been replaced by tho children a member of the household, for cqqkitrg or other purposes, Jit o fire under the oven; ■ Fanny, real funny wasn’t it ? J hppe. you twig the humor of< the thing. The cartridges, didn’t explode and scatter the,house, oypr the -locality, Thpy \qimply and and harmlessly .baked and frizzled, j Some ofthe virtue and a.fcrengthwere baked and frizzled out of them, hence the. loss of the match, and; hence„ the- funni-* | merit ef. miy friend as he relates his good story. However, Fm glad that hone ; of my: immediate neighbors, have B,uch:a humorous and comical way of treating: their amtnuuifciQa. We are hot prepared to~$ie—we would rather remain a little: longer bn tbis yale of tears. . : ,. -A- JifctJe white ■ ago when -Bendigo investors-were down inbhe dumps; and ; asriftomaketMugsatiU more. miserahlej fpr us; spmehody eUe somewhere else’.was holding up tq us a mining venture. frpnbS wbiph.dQO per :centrbad been simply Observed, “Hold :o.o;” -Fpfc -Bendigo was nofcdorie yet, by a very long; vway. , I. observed that i Here were'thento the' maajj et; ‘‘specs ” which ooutd . be hothihg,- : Which' ’within' would beat y the-iO 0 per cettt;,:affair fcime8 over, : They werotbeu/^ r: JEtat; ibhey home-fcpitind!; :/■ toneris£ little Oatbqrijae sharieis. .two/ months ago; vf&te; fs'elhffg^a^Sajper per. - cent nokanafithmeticia iThesQ^oh^oneis i rnphths; : agbi forEoitrfGreatSoutherri’s’w ‘ highestX jpripe\;then obtainaW Since then a ; si*pcnny call u shares thus standing to Uw 3a. .To niglit they tell of a of the sftWc company’s nharoa et A**. ® ; ; What is the/rato of per- cent per annum« 4,860 per cent, is.it not T Dear ft tivo reader/ go tlioji and .do ?•*'- Buy in cheap into afgdod place, and uus.t to Providence tbatit may be ypur imk to reap for next to nothing, the harvest,: which* perhaps, it has. cost /others many, fcbouHuiuls to sow> If. your destined -to, be amongst the sowers who reap Ppty. never mind that; somebody plselwill reap it for you. Nothing upon thir as. the scientists toll us, is ever really lost. It only changes; its form ,pr;lpOfttion. if it’s not in your pocket, !t’s :in; 8oraobody elso’s. Nothing is ever really lost.* happy application of philbfopby to gold mining adventuring, in, which its either , heaped measure ond flowing over, or ™% cupboard as bare os deaf old Mother Hubbard’s was. 