GEMERAL HEWS. , Ms. J: T. Cbatg had achiuken bonk yesterday with three legs* Bubbh&ses; have eurriourded. Xork during the past week, which conjoined* with the heat of the weather, has made it-, rather-uncomfortable. The weather was decidedly oppressive yesterday, audi last evening tbeirwassome appearance of a downfall of rain at a no distant date. It is thought that the snajprity of the crops have advanced too far. tk, derive muob benefit by a fall of rain; Hblttoveb.—We are obliged to hold! over our report of* the entertainment), held at the Oddfellows' Hall oh. the 20th instant, which by the way passed off. vesgr successfully indeed, also snt account of the Spring Meeting of the Jockey |01ub celebrated on Ihuredajy, and a report of the speeches made at the Agricultural luncheon at the •' Castle* Hotel" en, Wednesday afternoon,, besides a quanity of other interesting, matter. All arrears will be overtaken in our next issue. ' Tn&Brexnierr; (Sir John Forrest) audi the Attorney General (Hon. Sep. Burt)* arrived; in York on. Monday evening last, taking tip- their quarters at thfc Imperial Hotel. They were met ah tike. Station by the Mayor and other lead'ng, citizens, who extended a hearty welqoraov, to the dioiingtasbed. visitors. During, his stay here the Premier visited* various parts of the town, and made a personal inspection, of the Couch houses and public offices, the unsuita'dlity of which for the transaction of business must have made itself fully apparent to both Sis John and the Attorney General, who was also present. A ieivate match for £50 aside took place on the- Racecourse yesterday morning between Dr. O'Meehan'a Jealousy and Mr. "W. T. Craig's Sedition* Jealousy with 7st 7ibs was piloted by J. Stack, while Sedition was ridden by James Melbourne (6st 71bs). The distance was- bis furlongs. The horses got away to a good start, Sedition assuming the lead, which she maintained until after eutering the straight. Jealousy took premier position near the old Grand Stand and it was here seen that the chesnut's chance of winning were good. With both horses under the whip a good race ensued up the straight with the result that Jealousy passed the judge's eye about three lengths ahead of her opponent. A number of people as sembled; to witness the contest and several wagers wore made over the event. Mr. James Parker acted as Starter, and Mr. John Seabrook as Judge. 