fJerjas in Btâeî. Brief then-what's the news."-KING JOHN. Mr. Mat Thompson lost about 200 acres of grasB through a bush-fire at Caddai creeklast week. Owners of horses, cattle or sheep, must register same, even though they own but one head, between December 1 and 81. An examination of the St. Matthew's B. C. School-children took plice last Mon day, when some visiting clergy were present. The Church of England people are hold ing a period of self-denial. A pastoral let ter from the Bishop has been issued on this subject. The Bohemian lecturer has left for Rich mond-a fact that will please storekeepers, as he has taken away all the available ready cash. A local tonsorial artist gave a garden party in George-street to some of his friends the other night, when light refresh ment was handed round. Mr. P. H. M. Norton, who last week drove over to Katoomba, met Mr. A. Gates, C. P.S., who is rusticating there. Mr. Gates is much improved in health. The wind on Monday night started the smouldering bush fires, and in nearly all qaarters they blazed furiously, adding great ly to the already oppressive atmosphere. The apricot crop'this year promises to be a very plentiful one in the district, but the j fruit is small. If the dry weather con tinues peaches are likely to be scarce. ¡ Matters are not progressing at all satis factorily at Pitt Town Settlement, and in a ! a few days some big changes will take place. The Socialists are anxious to carry i out the scheme in its entirety, and will1 stick to the settlement whatever betides it. j During the heavy wind-storm on Mon- j day night, a tree in the Park, which was j struck by lightning some time ago, was i blown down. The iron roofing of a shed I belonging to Mr. C. Roberts, on the Rich-1 mond-road, was also blown off. j Local Chinamen don't believe that their countrymen are getting a dressing-down at the hands of the Japs. A local vegetable vendor, on being told the other morning that this was the case, replied in excited tones, " No true-lie. My countrymen win." Mr. A, Clough, who has been carrying on business on his own account in the butchering line, has decided to join his father in Penrith. Mr. Ambrose's family also left this week for the same town, Mr Ambrose being employed at McGrath Bros' wool-wash. I Mr. H. Moses, M.L.C., once an M.P. for this district, voted absolutely against the second reading of the Bill providing for grants to the Village-settlers. The Legis lative Council's action, unless it is reme died, will mean the forcing into the City's slums of 700 men, women, and children. A recent visitor to the district, in search of health, demolished two cases of whiskey in a fortnight-12 bottles a week. Surely it is something with which to quench his thirst that he is looking for. A well-known Legislative Councillor, by-the-way, drinks three bottles of whiskey a week at his own house. It has always been understood by towns people that the well-known oil-painting in the Court-house of Governor Macquarie is the only one in existence, and is a truthful likeness. There is, however, another one at Government House, which in features difiers considerably from the local one, and is said on good authority to be a faithful picture. A swagman informs us that of the six years he had been in the colony the last three have been spent in traversing its highways and byways in' search of work, picking up a few days or so where be could get it. Money throughout the whole of the country districts is as scarce as can be, also work. It would be interesting to^ know the number of the migrating population in New South Wales. Numerous swagsmen are travelling this portion of the district just now, and a care taker of an old building where for some time past these wanderers have been in the habit of dossing, has had to put a Btop to their use of it, for fear of fire. The other week he ejected 17 of them, some of them forcibly. One for some weeks past has taken up his quarters in the open air on a Park seat, and five are sleeping in a similar manner, together, on the Common near Bush fires have been raging during the week in the vicinity of Caddai. The Gronos were in town this week with some fine mullet, caught at Wiseman's Ferry. Mr. Alf Armour's snake has recovered its appetite again, and recently discussed a number of birds. It is stated that a new line of coaches ; will be put on in Windsor at the beginning of the new year. Despite the drought, the large dam on the Pitt Town Settlement still holds a good supply of water. The Park pond-hole is alive with small carp, and the boys have plenty of good sport catching them. One lad secured 17 ! the other day. Mr. W. H. Hull, who is a cricket en- \ thusiast drove down two successive days last week to Sydney, and witnessed the Anglo-New South Wales cricket match. " I have seen the Hawkesbury growers very badly treated by the agents, " was the frank admission of commission agent who does business on the Sydney fruit exchange. He ought to know. Mr. Stevenson, the cordial-manufacturer, takes advantage of the reduced charge for gas by running an engine in connection with his machinery. This is, we believe, the only gas engine in town. It is whispered that the two local tanner ies are to be shut down next week if trade does not improve. They have larger stocks of leather than is required. This means several hands out of employment. A number of summonses will be issued next week against persons who have failed to register their dogs. For trying to evade this tax they will find it more costly than if they had parted up the half-crown in the beginning. One of the new Police' Officers is a bit of a judge of the age of a dog. The owner of a canine tried to pass it off as under six months. The officer in question, after an examination of the dawg, declared it to be nearer two years' old, . Considerable damage has been done ip and around Sackville Beach by the buBb fires. Settlers around Portland Head worked hard in trying to save fences, «fee. All the beautiful bush flowers in the vicinity of Sackville and Portland Head have been destroyed. Mr. J. S. Bray, the well-known Sydney naturalist, has written to his old friend, Mr. Bob Forrester, asking him to secure some good specimens of the flying fox this season. Bob intends complying with this request, and is also inviting Mr. Bray up to the next fox raid. Dr Scott, who is now located at Penrith, was, a few years ago, one of Victoria's foremost cricketers, and proved himself one of the most brilliant and reliable batsmen of the Australian team which he accom* panied to England Dr. Scott played against the Windsor CC. daring the present season. A half-caste girl, Ada Barber was admit ted to the hospital on the 22nd, suffering from an internal complaint, and it is ex pected that an operation will have to be performed upon her. A Mrs Mitchinson, from the Pitt Town Settlement, who has been an inmate since the 12th, went away on Tuesday. Almost every vestige of grass around "orth Bocks, and the vicinity, has been burned by the bush fires, and the etock of the settlers is starving. The fire raged along the higher parts of Caddai Creek, and came across in the direction of the Pitt Town Settlement. The flames were checked about half-a-mile to the rear of brick-kiln. The insufiSciency, and the poor quality o* the food supplied to the unfortunate settler6 at the Pitt Town Labour Lease, has had a good deal to do with the great amount of sickness there. Numbers of these settlers have been treated at the local Hospital. On the other hand, not a single case has come in from the Wilberforce Settlement, where the men have been better fed. Mr. T. Thompson, the well-known mail wan, was blocked by the bush-fires raging at Maroota on Tuesday. In trying to get through, one of the horses waa singed by the flames, and Tom thought discretien the better part of valour, and returned to a friend's place, where he left his wagonette in safety. Then, procuring a saddle, he rode through the hot country, and de livered the mail- bags up to time at the Windsor Post Office, The next sitting of the local Laud Court will be held on Thursday, December 13th. Probate has been paid in respect of the will of the late MÍBB E. Johnson, Pitt Town, £1,845. _ Mr. W. C. liarker received last week a number of Q.iee»-bees from Italy. They were in square boxes, and were in good order. Mr Peter Kemp will be a candidate for a seat on the Board of thu Hawkesbury Steam Navigation Company at the next annual meeting. Mr. W. Morgan. M.P., in the House the other night, said that they would find him as strong an advocate of a land-value tax as any man there. The amount spent on the Pitt Town Labour Settlement is £4500, while the esti mated official value of the improvements made is £4700. The death is announced of Mr. Thomas Nicholas Hole, aged 80 of Parramatta, father of the late Mr. Chas Hole of Windsor, who died only a fortnight ago. 1 At the local land office on Thursday week last the following land applications were made : Robert Hearne, 60 acres C. P., c. Cumberland, Par. Cornelia ; George Ogden 89 acres 2 roods, special area Pitt Town common, portion No 124. Richmond contributed £8 9s (collected by Misses Holmes and Sullivan) to the funds of the Institution for the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind, last year-but Windsor gave never a shilling. Are there no collectors here for this good institution ? If not, why not ? I - The hospital authorities should co-oper ate with the suggested Richmond Friendly Societies in a demonstration, and assist thom to make the procession and collection a success. The Benevolent Asylum au thorities are advertising their annual tenders. The hearts of constituents of the Savings Bank of N.S.W. will be gladdened by the knowledge that they are to receive 5 per cent interest on this year's deposits. All depositors are requested to send in their books for examination. Mr. W. Walker is the local accountant. It seems that " Billy" Howell, as he is familiarly known among Hawkesbury cricketers, once said, "If ever I bowl in the same match as C. T. B. Turner, .Esq., I'll beat him." And so he did. Howell's performance (5 wickets for 44 runs) is exceptionally good, and entitles him to a seat in the representative Australian team. Io the Assembly the other night Mr. Waddell asserted that the pensions to judges should be abolished. Mr. Morgan : " They work very hard, and in that case the Government will get no one to act as judges. Barristers wiU not give up their practice," Mr. Waddell : " That is a very natural interjection to come from a lawyer." Hon. W. Walker, M.L.C., on two occa sions last week, during the consideration of the Coal Mines' Regulation Bill, voted in favour of liberal clauses proposed by the Government representatives, but which were defeated. H all M'sL.C. were as un biassed as Mr. Walker, there would be a better chance of liberal legislation being enacted. The dry weather we are now experienc ing will be a god-send to those few farmers in the district who have irrigation plants. Produce will be scarce and those farmers who can get a crop of potatoes, &c;, off this season ought to make money. One farmer the other night watered his potato crop, so that he ought to be able to save it, whilst in other cases the crops must be a failure. We have been shown some oranges grown by Mr. R. Forrester on the Kurra jong, which appear to be subject to a new disease. The fruit is covered with large black spots, causing it to decay. The oranges have been shown to the College authorities, who have furnished a. report on the matter. Orcbadists who wish to in spect and give their opinion upon same may see the fruit at this office. The disease spreads through the trees, and appears to be a serious one. In connection with the Wolloomooloo land resumptions, of which much more will shortly be heard, it is interesting to learn that 510 feet of the frontage belonged to the late Mr. H. McQuade, of Windsor, and compensation was granted at the rate of £85 per foot. " Truth" says:-"The amicable arrangement of Mr. McQuade's claim was due to the fact that that gentle man (since deceased) offered to take the re duced price sooner than face the delays and losses consequent on a fight in all the Law courts of tho Empire. In other words, he patriotically preferred to let the Govern ment rob him rather than let the lawyers plunder him still mçre," A yoting lady\w«s in town ¡this week with the viewof opening a ladies' school here, bul ive understand she has decided not to do so. The Hawkesbury Agricultural College is showing a collection of maize and grain of different kinds at the Tasmanian Exhibi tion now being held. The ordinary meeting of the Windsor Borough Council lapsed on Wednesday evening, Aid. Primrose, Mortley, and Fitzpatrick being present. patched from the local railway-statians for the Sydney market, where prices show a slightly upward tendency. An error occurs in a notice of the Agri cultural College, in another part of this issue. In the orchard there are 85 varie ties of peaches, not 70, as stated. A select committee is to be appointed to enquire into the resumption and payment for land at Woolloomooloo Bay, including the late Mr. H. McQuade's property. In his young days. Mr. P. Kemp, eenr, was regarded as the champion reaper and thresher of the Hawkesbury District. He is still an active man, capable of doing a hard day's work. A few slight showers-preceded by a dust-storm and a period of almost utter darkness-fell on Wednesday afternoon. The rain was not constant enough to do any great good. Bum was the recognised beverage of the early settlers in this district, and a well known Hawkesbury farmer, who lost his life accidentally, was known to drink as many as 27 glasses a day during harvest time. Retrenchment again. An old and hard working employee of the Ballway Depart ment, a district maintenance-man, has been retrenched-on the ground that he is over age. The same worker is good enough for another 10 years hard graft. Mr. W. Morgan, M.L.A, is said to have delivered a good speeh on the financial statement last Thursday evening, and rubbed B. B. Wise down the wrong way. " Hansard" is not yet to hand, so we have I not been able to print the speech. A correspondent complains that the fin ¡ ger-post on the Sackville road, which points to " Page's Ferry" is simply a delusion and a snare. It is fully 20 years, he avers, since there was such a place. The ferry is no more, and as the average traveller might easily be deluded by that finger post, the best course to be adopted would be to alter the name of the place. Owing to the gradual inorease of the water-supply overdraft, and the fact that the expenditure exceeds the revenue from that source by considerably over&OOner; annum, the Council, by resolution, his neoided that special water- fees, for gardens, horses, ko., will be enforced forthwith. It is only fair that those who use water in the liberal man ner that some do, should pay for the privi lege, and thus hold up their end of the log. Mr. W. P. Beeves, Minister for Labor and Education in the New Zealand Govern ment, paid a visit to Pitt Town Settlement with Mr. Taylor, of the treasury, on Thursday. Mr. Beeves denies in toto tba absurd statement circulated foy opponents of direct taxation, to the effect that N.Z. is in a depressed condition. He points out that Under land-value taxation the email farmer and the selector pay much less to the State than under the indirect system. Mrs. Chas Moon died at the Windsor Hospital on Wednesday last, from the effects produced by drinking stagnant water. It appears that her husband last Monday re moved to Caddai, and the only water in the locality was used. Mrs. Moon took ill on Tuesday, on which day she was removed, under orders from the doctor, to the Hospi tal, where she died on Wednesday. Tfie funeral took place on Thursday. Deceased, who leaves five young children, was a. daughter of Mr. Orono, of Caddai. Mr. J. Primrose was the undertaker. Eight of the pure Italian Queen bees* imported by Messrs Rodda and Barker from the largest apiary in the world, located in Italy and kept by a woman, have been dis tributed throughout the district amongst the leading apiarists. Ten Queens in all were sent, two of which died in transit. Each Queen came in a separate wooden box with holes covered with perforated zinc. In each box were small frames of honey comb for food and two small zinc tanks upside down containing water, which allowed one drop to fall at the time at which the bee3 sipped. Along with each queen weçe % msüw qf Qtfcer btàu Large quantities 