I GOLD THIRST. ("G.W.K."intheS«)t.) - My companion and I were seated on a log in front of the hut discussing a very primitive evening meal with that excellence of appetite which only a life in the open air can bring. " This hut," he began, " was used by two men. At the time of the gold fever they btarted from Melbourne to attempt to reach the diggings, and came into thib valley when they had only boon a few days out. Two men more unliko you could not find. One. a young fellow, was married, but left liis wife behind him in Mel- bourne. The other was an ex-convict, who had perpetrated nearly every crime in the calendar. These two settled here attracted by the look of the soil, and picked up a few grains of gold in their prospecting, but not enough to pay them. However, they turned their attention to horses, and ore long began to gain au evil reputation for dealings which were not honest. I Now ana then a prospector < com- ing up with a fc'bit of dust' would call, and the chances were he would lose the best port of bib wealth at cards. So between them the pair became pretty well-to-day. The younger went one day to the nearesttownslnp, and returned the following evening with his wife. She kept the two steady till she fell ill during a period of drought. For the first and only time that water-hole dried up. Yet water must be had for the sick woman. Without saying a word the convict took the buoket, and departing at nightfall reached the Dandenong settlement, 15 miieb away, by morn- ing, filled his bucket with water and started to carry it back, with a piece of wood floating in it tohelp to save it from spilling, and a piece of old cloth over it to prevent evaporation. It was a fearfully hot day, and it was made worse by the hot air and smoke from a bushfire blown over the hills from an outbreak some miles away, At evening he reached the hut with his precious burdon. It was surrounded by a body of armed men -vigilants. The younger man was bound, and they were simply waiting for sundown to hang him from the nearest tiee. It seemed a murder had been committed in a neighbouring valley, and he was suspected, captured, and sentenced. As a fact he was entirely innocent. A man attempted to take the water from the convict, who repulsed the other with a blow which sent him over. The vigilants had not entered the hut. Into it the convict ran with the bucket of water, but Erivation and the bhock of her hus and's arrest had done their work-the woman was dead. He wont_ outside again, gave his comrade it drink, and had one himself. One of the band tried to take the bucket from him, but the convict kicked it over, spilling its con- tents on the ground. Upon inquiry ho learnt the charge against his mate. i " ' Boys,' he baid quietly, ' his missus is lying dead in there. You've 'killed < her. I've been to Dandenong and back j for water for her, and could have saved her life, but you've killed her. Boys give ub time to bury her. The men readily acceded. With_ their help a rough bark coffin was quickly prepared, and a grave being as hastily dug by some of the band, she was placed under the earth. The convict had not said a word while.this was going on. He now turned to the band. "'You've arrested the wiong man. I did that murder. He was home with his. wife, whom you've just killed ; I was out. I did that murder. You cannot hang him now that I have con- fessed it.' "The vigilants agreed that they could not. They also agreed that since he confessed the murder, and it was not his first they said, he ought to die. " ' I know that,' he answered, ' but don't you. take my mate, because he's innocent. A life for a life is fair, ain't it t They said it was. ' That being so, here's mine,' he continued. He drew his derringer, and placing the barrol against his temple, bred )>efore anyone of us could stop him. Heiust groaned, ' 1 saved my mate,' and then he died." " Were you of the party ?" I said. " Come with me." Half way to the waterhole was a small clump of low trees, surrounding the two graves. By the light of a match I read two simple inscriptions carved each ona rouen wooden slab. One had no name, but "bore the follow- ing passage, which I reproduce in its I pathetic illiteracy : - " Grater love lias no man shon than this, that he gave his life for liis friend." " That's the convict," said my com- panion. "And the othor?"I asked. " My wife ; I am the convict's mate." THE BEST AND PUREST COCOA. The Medical Annual mm:-"The nanto 'Cadbuty' on any ?packet 'of Cocoa is a guarantee of purity^ : Ti« ixmular teverare for all ieaagni.. 