LAWLESSNESS OF LAWYERS. The power of class feeling and class interest is seldom better exemplified than in the laws dealings with dishonest lawyers. For the dishonest lawyer there practically exists no gaol. He may with impunity do that which would brand another man as a criminal all his life. The worst that he has to fear is expulsion from his trades union. The offending lawyer is dealt with by lawyers; the members of the same order are usually on pretty good terms with each other. If one of the elect do an injury to an out- sider, of what consequence is it? The brethren are not necessarily injured, or if injured the damage is so slight that it can be easily fixed up. The rules and the etiquette of the order will see to it that outsiders shall not unduly vex any member once he is within the charmed circle of the legal brotherhood. He may be an arrant rogue, a liar, extortioner, thief, embezzler, perjurer and suborner of perjury, but he is not to be directly amenable to the common laws of his country. His brother professionals have laws of their own to meet such cases, and they are most gingerly and delicate in applying them. They deal tenderly with ??? ???????. They sympathise with him they make common cause with him, for is he not their brother, an erring brother, it may be, but a true brother neverthe less. One of these erring brothers may accept a sum of money for spiriting a person out of the country, notwithstand ing that the laws had previously ordered that the said person should stay within the said country for a given time. But no punishment follows. No effort is made to prove him innocent of the charge, because perhaps it might prove his com plete guiltiness, and that would not do. "The law says that a lawyer shall not enter into a champertous agreement with a client, that is be shall not conspire with a person to vex or plunder another person, he supplying the preliminary expenses and standing in whacks in the division of the plunder. Yet when a case of the kind—two cases in fact—is proved and the judge has the documentary proofs in his bands, it is only necessary for the bowled-out brother to keep out of the way for awhile, plead indisposition and the absolute neces sity of treating himself to a lengthly sea trip, and the trouble is ended. Or he may embezzle the money of clients, as it quite frequently done, but is he adequately punished? Not at all. He can plead in solvency which makes the embezzlement no offence at all, not even that mysterious breach of decorum or misconductcalled con tempt of the Supreme Court. Or he may plead that the money which he held as a bailee for another person got mixed up with other similar moneys, that he could not consequently tell whose was whose; therefore he paid nobody, but spent it all for his own purposes. It was very unfortunate, very careless of him, but it was not robbery not by any means. Where such childish special pleading would not be accepted in the case of a common cheat or trickster, the most which your legal cheat and trickster has to fear is that he may be “suspended” during the pleasure of the court, or be struck off the roll of practi tioners. As it is such an exceedingly lucrative profession to any member of it who knows his way about, it may seem to be a very severe penalty to be suspended from the exercise of it for a term or for life. But the severity is more seeming than real. He can still practise his profession as the confidential and unscrupulous employe of a brother professional of his own kidney who is still on the rolls; or he may put forward a cheaply hired duly registered dummy as a figure head for his business, whilst he directs the proceedings in the back ground. The only difference is that he shoots his pigeons from under cover. The failure to obtain justice where lawyers are the wrong doers and lawyers are the judges is a scandal to any country in which it obtains. If ever the legal cult as at present established is rooted out stem, stump and branch, the short-sighted toleration of the practises above described and the unjust immunity enjoyed by the disreputables of the profession will help in no small way towards it. That there are many fairly conscientious lawyers is no doubt a fact, whilst perhaps it is possible to find men amongst them in whom the sense of honor is as finely developed as amongst the best men of any other class Such being the case one would think that for the credit of the profession and the future stability of its interests they would endeavor to keep their ranks as free from black sheep as is practicable. FOURTH PAGE.- The following additional reading matter will be found on the fourth page: -Mining News and Notes. TO- DAY'S EVENTS. - Warden's Court, 2 p.m.; Rabbit Extirpation at Strathfieldsaye and Axedale; Conference on Sludge question, Town Hall, Spitti. ; Confer* onoo, Long Gully; -Mooting’; ; Jpurn oy men Butchers, Tempi o Court fibiol,;B p,m.; Moot ing Traders’. Association; Beehive. v 8: p.m.; , lleating-- M.U.LO.O.’P*,'- OcldfMloWS* Hell, '8 j n.-nj. Mining' Mootings.—Frahdla . QVnioiid (Moore), 6.15,; Groat It -W, andßlue (Hem ming), 5.46* ■ Gplit) AND DIVIDENDS.—The return for tho past week was fair, 33700z. " TheJobhsqh’s Rhot beaded tho lint with 607ipz ; Specimen Hill (Including 3640z: tho Garden Gully, 2630z: United Hustler's and 'Rodon, 25a6z'Qolacn -A? 0 ' 2420Z; Victoria Consols, 15Zoz; Catherine Roof, 14Qoz; New Rod, White and Blue, 1440z; Lazarus, 112qz; Now Sriuco of Wales,’ 930z; Clamnoe, 89oz'; GrentNortUorn, 84oz; Victoria Quartz, 78oz. Two dividends wore declared: Johnson’s Roof,. Is—£1400; and Golden Ago, Gd—£lo69 ; equal to £2469. i Tvi'OOßapiuual Sooibty.— Tbo annual meeting of this sooioly was bold on Saturday afternoon. There was. a large attendance of member#, the prosidont (Mr, W. Byrne) occupying the chair. Tbo report of the .board of management, with tbo financial statement for tbo past ■. half-year, was received - and adopted. Tbd' former recorded steady pro gress by iho fiooioty, nod stated that!several firms hod accepted . tho 'proposals submitted by tbo board for tho working of their offices as society' houses including Tho Bendigo I Independent. Reference was made to tbo I healthy financial condition shown by tho balance-sheet, and to tho affects on tlio local society of the first yoor’o operation of the Australasian Typographical Union's reel pro ool mortality schomo. Mr. H. G. Mather moved that a sub-oommitteo, consisting-of the. president, secretary, and mover, bo appointed to endeavor to jtako arrangements with the oommittoo of tub Mechanics’ Institute and Library whereby tho members of the sooioly as a body should bb admitted to all tho privileges,of.full mombors of the institute. Mr. Deans’ seconded tbo motion, whioirwas carried. It wos decided that, subject to the approval of the executive council ■' of the Australasian Typographical Union, honorary members should participate in tbo benefits i under tho mortality scheme by payment of tho .annual levies struck, by tho council on.oooounl of the fund. , Tho following office hearers, wore, appointed -for tho ensuing term President, Mr. W,< Byrne ;>vloo-proaldont,; Mr. J. T. Vinnard; treasurer, Mr, H. G. Mather; secretary, Mr. W. F. Barrass; committee, Messrs. Robinson, Tabuteau, Campbell,Lunn, Bourke, Farrow, and Deans; auditor, Mr. T. Sadler; A.T.U. Council- delegate, Mr. Thos, Hanlon. Other business was' transacted and tho mooting closed with tho customary voles of thanks. City Police Court,—Messrs. M. Rundell and J. Illingworth, J’s.P,,. presided on Satur day, One drunkard was . discharged. E. C. Button obtained a verdict against. T; Carter for £3 10s, and R., Burrows against Iverson (H. Wertheim and Cos. garnishee), for £1 19s 6d. Tho court then adjourned: EnoineDbivebs’ Association. —The weekly mooting was held on Saturday night at tbo Temple Court Hotel, Mr, G. Lowery (tho president) in the chair. Mr. Lowery re ported that in company with tho two vice presidents and delegates from the “Engle bawk Enginedrivers oud tho Miners’ As sociation, ho waited on the District Traders’ Association .on Monday .night for _ tho pur pose of getting thorn'to close the shops for a half day on the occasion of their annual sports. The traders did not give them a definite reply, but promised to do so later on, . Stewards were appointed to collect con tributions, so many allotted _ to bach steward. Tho prosidont drew attention, to Mr. Mason’s lecture on tho labor problem on Wednesday night, nod hoped as many members as possible would attend. One ap prentice was nominated and tbo meeting closed, . A Temperance Mission.—A mooting of representatives pf temperance societies was hold in the Temperance Hall on Friday even ing. The members of the W.C.T.IJ. informed the meetjng that Mr! E. Tennyson Smith could bo secured to give lectures during tho week commencing 29th April or 10th May. Those dates having boon ■ accepted, arrange ments were made to procure samples of printing and particulars of other arrange ments necessary. Mr. Thomas was elected chairman, Mr. Harcourt secretary, Mi*. Andrews treasurer, and' several names wore handed iajbr the committee.- ... The Phylloxera Outbreak.—Mr: Hop ton, tho Government inspector, has been en gaged dating.-tbo week examining the vine yards.about Hunily and Bullock Creek, but fortunately without finding any trace of phylloxera.. Ho wonjfc to Melbourne on Friday Highl and will return tp-day, - .Qn Wednesday Messrs, Martin and Bosisto will again visit tho district, and during tHo week qn examina tion will ho mado bf l|io vines in the pity, and in tho outlying suburbs, Nothing further has boon beard of Mr. Pearson's spheroe for fumigating table grapes, and when it is' tnado known, if it. oyer is, it will in all likelihood bo too late to bo of any service to the unfortunate vineyard owners this season. As showing tbo extreme difficulty of getting at tho phylloxera ; for the purpose of destroying them without uprooting lho vino, lit may be mentioned that! in Mr, n xruA‘o yinOyCUrU' tlio tdoaviai- —*T'fAiivwl on-vine roots at a depth of 4ft 6in, and in Mr. Grosse’s vineyard at a depth of 3ft. 6in. It has been said that the beat of the sun .kills tho insects, and of course it is but natural that any insect, suddenly brought up from the comparative coolness, to bo • fount) at a depth of 4ft 6in below the soil and exposed to the sun’s rays, would immediately die. The insects working their way up the roots would gradually become inured to tho beat, and by the time they, reached tho surface would pro bably have reached the flying stage, when tho. heat ceases to affect them- Evidently it will not do to place'too much reliance on the boat of our olimato as a bar to the spread of tho pesti Possibly the only way to'thoroughly got rid of tho post will ho the radical way of uprooting all lho vines. Recreation Site.—A site of one aoro one rood on Lightning Hill, near Eoglohawk, has. boon, temporarily reserved from sale for tbo purpose of forming a recreation reserve.' Strathfibldsayb Shire Council—A special mooting of the council was hold at the Town Hall Hotel on Saturday..Present : —Cr. Craike (in tho chair), Abbott, Somer ville,. Shanahan, Condon, Burke.ana .Burns. The tender of Messrs. Canavan and Whatty at £lB6 lls Id for constructing a bridge' and gpppoapbe? over tho Emu Creek hoar BrUhn’s, was accepted, * On the tpotion of Cjr. Somer- ville it was decided that boles on the poad at the top of the hil} ,near Piopet’e should ' be filled up. On the motion of Ur. Burke it was decided to repair a bridge leading.to McIver Road, where J. Cashen broke tbd'axle of bis dray, on the condition that Cashen for goes bis claim for compensation. Con-, sidoration of schemes for tho preven tion of bush fires and the regulating of tho r pound foes' was deferred till . tho next meeting owing to. tbo absence of Cr. Young by whom tbo matters wore introduced at tbo met regular meeting. . The - deputy managers appointed at tbo last : meeting to assist the council in tho extirpation of rabbits sent in a report of their first, mooting. Resolutions wore there carried that in no ease' should the pay of two. men with a pair of horses and plough- or' other implement for making a furrow exceed 10s a day ;. also that simultaneous, action bo; taken against tbo rabbits on .the 26tb inst. (to-day.) The report was received and tbo mooting.then adjourned. - The -Result of Drink.—A man named John Walsh -was. brought before Mr.' W. Webb, J.P., at the watohhbusooh Saturday, :ond remanded till this 3rd 1 March. • Ho was; art'p&’tpd by Constable J. Riley, on; Saturday morning, fa a' etjite verging on do Ijpidm tremens from e&es;'siyo drilling. A LAroB Bushfire.—Qn Saturday after noon a. fire broke, out oh the estate of the late Dean Backhaus at Miiskprry. Til o fi r ° aommonccd about,3 o'clock, .op a" portion of the estate loosed by. Mr. M. Slattery in a -paddock known aa iitho. dootpr.’s. ” It, spread. as far ’- sa the dividing fence - between, Mr. Slattery's and' Mr, O'Dwyer’s farms, destroy-j ing about' 800 acres of grass, ‘nud a Quantity of fonolug. Tub : Australis was visible last evening. 'Abdut half-past eight o’clock tho sky in the east was hovered with a palo rose tint, which grew deeper.about an -hour later, and the usual pale ambor shafts'of light appeared and showed clearly for some time. ' The'roflbotloD did’: not- extend down' to the! horizon,jjsjered from,it by,.A: broad! pf deep blije. The Aqsf’hogardbd ; by differbnt weatfmr Ffse-nercs a?- a “sigh pf exceptionally fteo:wwfchey,. pf pf storm and* raini. Its' oppoaranoo in aplgmu ialbor! phenomenal, it usually showing itself jn ; ’winter. Death .otr feolfngST ot rpgrot ' byi; mnny v of the old rcsi- . dentSiß.nd pthoFa 'of B6n4|go, :thb death will ba’iOflrhhiof nh woTl-knowo restdent, Mr. Alfred Stevens. -Ho waB among the Brat of thevpioneore of thc Bendigd!goldfields. He arrivodih; Adelnido!from Eogland early. parl af 1851, and' came (b- Bbndigo in 1852. Locating bimsolf ■ oh Victoria reef, ;ho prospected : around there for; /some; ibroonj ibroonj uhotion'with Mr. Grant,’ how of V Ahdprson'a 'CreOkj -near. Molbourno^ ! Se .preoted I, ono, .of the-Bw^iPhw:iho|9jfe’t^OTu'BW Bendigo. Mr. Stevens was well known for ' ',fiisV.moro prosperous all.;;^A«%ipßslojah^ibpwafjwolr known;? and; r ; prbbibly!ra»nypftberomftihlngo)dpiono6rfl' as;•. tbp;. 'muslejap ’r-.'olpr Bpnaigo iD ltg eftrJlosfc dayi.. Howau a groat! - theJlives{an3jr|dord modern musioians, ■SStiapM|i»nob>%t:pno;.ln Exlubilibh' Herr Gollmich as bis Rcodmpanfak || Boauty ; :arid,thjoi 'l’ > /apd; q(ber‘ aobgB,: ; 'bf whioh' hB. bad: left on ' leaving London. - For -iho; last; 27 : yeare ha.; *yas. in thbomployof Ur. Stevens (Robothara ' and ;8toyonfl), :Ho . would have boon 70. years ofago badhb-H»cd till Juno ;j90Xt, baying - been, born oh;UioZ2nd June, 1324\. The/o»uso‘brdeatb.-was senile debility. Some of hie friends foelroabh annoyed that, owing' to the precipitancy with which tho hospital authorities buried;, the body they wove prevented from attending tho funeral. Tbo deceased bud no~ relative* in-Bendigo, but' was regularly visited; at tbo hospitarby hl«. friend, ,Mr. Robert Johnson, of Barnard stropt,’ On. Saturdays a messenger from the hospital loft an Intimation.at Mr. Johnson's.: house that Mr.' Stevens might dionny honi* during tbo day. On bis.i’Otuyn homo-io'tuo afternoon ho wont to tho hoipHail and found that his friend wnatbon dead.' He'thorn lyf-f, ranged for the funeral, but on Abe undertaker;; applying yesterday for the ho was informed fclmtoncu hnu given, and that thedocoasodliaa bqpo iw early ip tbo morning, ' MATRIMONIAL.—Aoooi'ding to p oftblegrom, Iho ccrcmony of matrimony was on tho 22nd instant celebrated at Bombay between Mr, J. H. B. Holdsworth, late of Bendigo; and Mrs. Isabella Goldie. ' Tub next sale: meeting of tbo Pioneer SUrr-Bowlidtt Sooioty tabes place to-morrow, 27th February, lit tbo sooioty’» office, 311 Collins ~ street, •'Melbourne. Intending mir ohasors are requested to send in their written applications to-day to tho'/local office, Temporanau Dali. No advances dan bo inado except on freehold security,'therefore Intend inp purchasers must bo prepared to submit such security, allowing ample margin over the amount of loan required. \- A .Second Suicidal Attempt.— John J. Braid, who attempted.to drown himself in tbo South Eak at Launceston on Thursday, made a second attempt at suiotde in tho hospital next day by cutting his throat with a table knife, Ho has siooo boon placed under the charge .of a policeman. Two wounds were inflicted and they were sown mp against bis will. Ho says he will do it again. " -V A Severed Artery,— Ah aeoidont happened late on Friday evening to Mr, Western of the Queen’s Hotel, Mitchell street. Ho was opening a bottle which broke in halves, and ibflioted a Boyore, wound .of tho left hand, savoring hn artery. Hb proceeded to tho sur gery of Dr. J, D. Boyd, who dressed ood Slitebod up the wound. Bomb thieves have'actually-bad tho > ini pudonob and cart away tbo piano that used to be.in the Unitarian Hall, Grey street, Melbourne. A Bank at Coomabdib.— Tho Union Bank baa established a branch at Coqlgardio. Hero : is the manager’s description of tho local position: — M You ought to see _ the bank wo are in, composed of one .room in which are three gin oases for a counter, and myself be hind the gin cases clad in a shirt ana .a ' pair of trousers. Il is simply lovely I” .Insolvencies . op Railway Servants.— Tho-Minister of Railways has taken a kind of unoffiofal notice oi the meeting bold oh Fri day afternoon Iast ; (says tho Herald), at Proll’s Buildings concerning .the frequency of insolvency among railway employes; It was insinuated at the mooting that railway men frequently became insolvent for tbo purpose of evading tho payment of their just debts. Mr. Richardson had tho matter brought bofore him officially by moans of a letter from a correspondent- This morning he wrote a minute to tbo Commissioners directing that in cases whore railway mou become -insolvent, careful enquiry shall be made. A servant of .tho railways has to ask permission before be : cab become insolvent, otherwise ho has. to leave tbo service. In future this permission is not to bo given except after careful en quiry. Epidemic Amongst Children,— A peculiar epidemic baa broken put among tho children attending tbo State schools at Warburton East and West. The symptoms appear as if the bead were effected in somo way, and in about throe days afterwards the sight is entirely gone. Mr. W, Simpson’s daughter is completely blind. Tbo board' of ' advice are considering ‘tbo advisability of closing the schools. Suicide Prom Destitution.—A" inquest was held on Friday lost on the body of a man about 40,name unknown, found in the bush at Botany Bay.' There was a piece of rope round his neck, and,apparently, after ho bad hanged himself fcb a troo tbo ropo had broken. On a piece of paper found in pno of hjs pockets were written the words, “Destitution, death of.hope. I die in Christ, Christ for me.” A verdict of suicide was returned. '"Dr. Dobbin again Burns his Finoebs,— At the Castlomaino County Court on Satur day his Honor Judge Worthington -summed up in the libel action of Dr. Dobbin . versus Mount Alexander Mail, Plaintiff claimed £600 damages for publication of a statement uttered at a public mooling by Dr. Hutton as reflecting upon the nrofpSsipnal capacity of plaintiff ’ in respect of' the treatment of a patlent'in the hospital. His Honor pointed opV to the jury tho lew. bearing upon newspaper libel', and said the plea of justi fication put in by defendant was a difficult one to prove, ‘and, the jury .bad to f}nd whether in this caap it "had been proved. Aftep deliberating fop over two boui-s, the jury’returned with a unanimous vordiot for the defendant. Stay of execution for 14 days was granted. Thia.makOS tflC SCCOnd Verdict against Dr. Dobbin during tho sutlng of the court, and; tbo third action in vrhich tbo lawyers arc locking to him for tljo costs. Ho gave tbo jndgo and lawyers nearly a fort night’s work to say nothing of tho timo (and money)-spent in preparing the pass. The Daylesfohd Patch.— Mr. Charles ‘Stewart, ex-ipspeptor of mines for Ballarat, has inspected tho new find nfc Daylesford. His report is most adverse, and emphatically contradictory to that given by Mr. Stirling, tbo assistant Government geologist, Mr. Stewart declares that the lucky prospectors, Jackson and White, have no defined reef, the nuggets obtained by them being from patchy ground. He does not think there is any cause for a rush or much chance of tbo find leading to anything permanent. Miles of councrv to tho north and south of tbo-prospectors’ claim have been taken up and leases, and largo numbers of unemployed swagsmon are ar riving daily, only to find no ground'to work. Mr. Stewart was accompanied by Mr. Norman Taylor, the well-known geological surveyor, who is said . to agree with. bis views. Mr. Stewart states that, ..while' it is possible for the find to lead to something in tho future, ! regard being had to the rich alluvial workings of-olden days, it cannot bo gained' without a year's work in developing tho .country, at deeper levels. A Warning Voice. —The £>uko of Devon shire, more popularly known uijaer his former titloofthe Marquis o£' E|acliQgton, a promi nent Liberal peer*; in d speOpb upon the function'of tho Hqusb of Deeds, gavp utterance to the warning tbht tbp pFppor Chamber will impair its strength by insisting upon detailed amendments. He urgea that jtapropor duly iq to safeguard' the.. great priopip|ei of the cdnatitution.—Standord cablegram, Silver Collapsing. —The silver market is completely .demoralised. On Wednesday -tho rates deolined to 2s 4 3-8d ,pqr oz, .and on Thursday suddenly dropped' to 2s Sid. per oz. Dn'Friday last there wore no quotations, :/ a panic prevailing in tho'' market, and fears being expressed on every hand that a further -fall .would take place.—Standard cablegram. Schools’ JSxpuRgiON, —A largo meeting, representative, of tho. Board of. A’dvjdb, ’the : teabbors, and parents of the district, was hold at the; Camp Sobobl pn Saturday to con sider the desirability of having a . Children’s Esoarsipn.' Mr. Delbridge, obairman of tho Board'of Advice, was voted, to the chair. Aoommunicatipn from the Hail way Deport ment, mentioning feres, , guarantee, efco., was recoivod.' It was unanimously decided , to have an exqursion ' to Macedon Falls. ’on. Friday, 9th' prox. The following will ho .tho fares:—Scholars under .16, Is 6d; scholars .betwbenTB knd 3s pd; teachers, .in tho proportion of one to every tpo scholars under' 16, 3j? ;6d ; adulte, 4s ,§d.' . Mr., 'Curnow; oorrospohdonfc -:pf the Board, .of Advijce, and Mr. M. G. O’Brien, vyorp elected- bob. \- nppoihted' a committes : -' .Cook ; and Colgan,' Moasrp. ' , Costelloe, - Jones, : Leggatt, ! Town,' 1 and Wolfe; Mr. J. Hemming, 'for, Cbok 'and Go., has iindevtakon to look after Iho'pallway arrangements. Tickets will bo obtainable ip a fow daya, whon nnd whorb . will he daly nbtifled. The excursion, whloh' is likely to be jab annual one, inoludos not ! only all the sohools.of. tho city, . Ijut alsb any; :of the Bbndlgb distriot schools that wish, to | join; Tho site soleoted- for tbo forthcoming/ rtrip is one of tho best that : could be fixed ; ph, % - aj3 it combines hoautiful fresh air and watery with rpmantip scenery. ■' - .- , - ; M T^9J7jgE; : —A ; mooting of; |bp ppwlyA formed Mjnstrbr ; wbfl hpjd booms op ’Phupidav evening. •; Tho oleotlop of offidsrs pegq|te.4- fp)lpws :— i Secretary, Mr. B. Pysing; treasurer,'ur. Jas. Smith ; Etage manager, Mr. E. Laird: / Art Gallbry.—The number of;visitors last wpek woa 807, inoluding 313 yesterday. '• The WeathpR.-b^Tho- rgadings at u Mr, Crpdgipgton’s on Saturday iver o:—Thermo - .meter,-9 'a,m., 67° ; 12-noon,70®;3 p.mij BBrom6tor—9 a.m.,,29 , 82 ; 6 p.mV, .The journeymen Butehors meet tonight at s ihe Ttamplo. Gdurt Jusipessol^*^^ stock and implements of Mr. R. Densmore at Kyneton today. sale of the farm and stock of Mr. H. Eathorne. to all;r who 1 vf;,-.;.-. i —/? 