TALBOT. Saturday. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) The new Roman Catholic Church at Lex ton is rapidly approaching completion, and will be an important addition to the edifices of the little township, which is already sup plied with Church of England and Presby terian places of worship. The building is a substantial wooden structure, erected under all the requirements of the Board of Health, and fronts Skene street. The design is one of Mr Wallace's, of Clunes, and the contractor, Mr D. Gray, has faith fully carried out the architect’s views, the result being a pretty little edifice sufficiently commodious to accommodate the congrega tion for some time to come. The front especially is a tastefully completed work, and with the rest of the structure reflects the highest credit on the builder and architect. It is expected to be seated and ready for the opening ceremony, which will be performed by Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, in about six weeks. The church is in the district of the Rev. Father Barrett, an already exten sive one, including Talbot, Clunes, &c.;, but I learn that steps are being taken to create a presbytery at Learmonth, which will, when carried out, embrace the new parish of Lexton. Mr G. T. Anderson, the returning officer for Talbot and Avoca, whose health has been such as to cause anxiety to his friends, has greatly improved lately, and to day was able to be in Talbot to attend to his official duties in connection with the late election. The old-established Pyrenees hotel, Lex ton, has changed hands, the new owner being Mr. John Moylan, of Glenlogie. Mr Robert Kettle, an old identity of Ballarat, during the term of his ownership, has well main tained the prestige of the hotel, and is leaving, he tells me, solely on account of his health, which has been very indifferent of late. He returns, I believe, to Ballarat. Bushfires are prevalent in many parts of the district, the season being more than usually conducive to the outbreaks owing to the heavy, grass crops, &c.; The past fort night, has been an anxious time to the resi dents of the Lexton district, the particulars of which have been given by your local cor respondent. In the emergency Constable Campbell, I am told, specially distinguished himself by taking command of the fire fighters and proved himself an able director. The united efforts of a large number of men being required to prevent the spread of the flames before a strong wind reaching the township. Mr D. Harkness, the returning officer for the Maryborough Mining Board elections, which are to take place on Saturday next, has completed his arrangements for the poll ing. In the Amherst division the poll will be taken at seven booths, viz , Talbot, Amherst, Mount Greenock, Adelaide Lead, Kangaroo Flat, Emu, and Gibraltar, the deputy returning officers being respectively Messrs A. E. Roffey (Talbot), C. Barclay (Amherst), J. N. Deans (Mount Greenock), W. Gadd (Adelaide), P. W. Salmon (Kan garoo Flat), W. E. Barber (Emu), and K. Guy (Gibraltar). 