There can be no real liberty excepting where law is paramount, is rigidly en forced, and executed without fear, favor, or hesitation. Leniency to wilful and intentional outrage .is nothing but cruelty to the peaceable citizen, and no punishment is too severe for those who knowingly com bine to disturb and injure persons who give them no provocation. Therefore the public of this district will heartily applaud the. firmness and resolution with which the magistrates, on Friday upheld the law . against the rioters who had so grossly mis conducted themselves on Sunday, 21st January, in the Essex paddock, and will enjoy an increased security in the knowledge that the police will be sustained in repressing all breaches of order. ■ The police undoubtedly require tfie greatest support from the authori ties. There is a lawless spirit observ able among certain orders of the population, mostly untrained and un disiplined young men, which leads them to imagine that their own liberty is not complete unless they are making the lives of sober citizens a burden to them. Hence the taunts and jostlings which inoffensive foot passengers are expected to bear without resentment or remonstrance, and the violent assaults that follow any attempt at self-defence. This class of wrongdoing has laid whole suburbs of Melbourne and Sydney almost absolutely in the power of the several “pushes” which dis grace them. We do not want that kind of thing in this district, and it is good that the misguided men who form these illegal and joyless companion ships should be shown that they must, beep the Queen’s peace and respect the liberty of others. Truth to tell the law is evidently in need of vindication in many parts of these colonies. A violent attack upon the police by burglars caught in the act in Bridge street, Sydney, has in duced Sir George Dibbs to order that the constables shall in future be armed with revolvers, and similar action will apparently have to be taken in' Melbourne, where burglaries with violence ‘ and highway robberies are becoming discreditably numerous.. The citizens, of course, have a great deal of power in their own hands. It cannot be too constantly remembered that every citizen has exactly the same right to apprehend a wrongdoer and bring him to the police station and charge him, that appertains to a con stable. Only on Friday this right was enforced by Mr Johnstone, the proprietor of an Exhibition Hall in Fitzroy, who, with the assistance of a Mr Atkinson and other gentlemen, arrested three larrikins, took them to the watchhouso, and charged them, and were duly complimented by the magistrates on their praiseworthy action. The three larrikins were fined £l9, or six weeks’ imprisonment, re ceiving in the sentence a practical proof that any able-bodied passer-by may, if he pleases, bring them to punishment. It cannot, of course, be expected that private persons will always be able, and willing to take these steps, but the knowledge that they may do so, and that they will be upheld in the action, should work for good. If the police are prompt and resolute,' the magis trates firm and reasonably severe, and the citizens active in their own protec tion, the violent larrikinism which so soon lands its perpetrators among the criminal classes may quickly be stamped out, at least as far as this district is concerned, A-singolarly unjust attitude has been assumed,by the Commissioners of Rail ways with reference to the leasing of railway reserves for building purposes. Railway lands are properly exempt from municipal rating, because, being under the care of the Commissioners,; they do not require municipal out lay. But when they are leased for building purposes to business men, who require the conveniences muni cipalities provide, the councils inte rested are entitled to be paid the rates. The only equitable way out of the difficulty would be for the Commis sioners either to pay the rates on a fair valuation of such leased properties, out of the rents they obtain, or to insert clauses in their leases compelling tenants to pay them, in which case they would have to accept lower rents for their reserves. To refuse to recoup municipal councils for necessary ex penditure is to commit an act of spoliation, which, however small the sum involved may be, no corporation can be expected to endure. The Bal larat Town Council have very pro perly taken the matter up, and the Government may depend that the public will insist upon right being done. Nothing could be more unfortunate for the settlers at Kardella than the sudden withdrawal of the help and management of the Village Settlement Committee, which now declares itself unable to go on. So far the settlement has been a great success. Forty- nine men have been sent there, of whom 13 left. There are thirty six families now on the land, num bering 120 people. They have cleared thirty-five acres for the township site; have built 38 slab houses, each within half an acre of land; have four acres in garden and orchard well stocked and- thriving; and ten acres under cultivation, whence they have raised vegetables which took first, second, and third prizes last week at the Korumburra show. They have fifteen acres under grass, and have rung the timber and cut the scrub on 288 acres. All this has been done in four months at a total outlay of £B5B, or say about £2O per family. The committee has still £295 in hand, and it seems strange that the ruinous course of abandoning the settlers to their own unaided management should be taken. Probably some action of the department has led to strained action. If so it cannot too soon be modified. Mr M'lntyre has done many good things since he went to the Lands. He can do nothing better than so arrange matters that the Kar della settlers may retain the benefit of suitable supervision. One of the chief items of interest dur ing the week was the striking of golden wash at the No. 11 shaft of the Band and Albion mine. The gold was ob tained in the headings, and 4 feet has now, been sunk in drift. Shares, which for some time past, had been neglected, came into favor again, and on Saturday advanced from 5s 6d to 6s 6d, closing with buyers at 6s 7-Jd, sellers asking 7s. The result of the action brought against the Prince of Wales and Bon shaw mine had the effect of improving the value of the stock, sales in which took place up to 51s, closing with buyers at 50s and sellers at 555. The mine is reported to be looking well, and the battery should now soon be working. The fact that nice stone is being obtained in the rise off the north drive from the crosscut at the 1250 feet level of the Northern Star Company caused enquiries for the shares, which sold in fair numbers at from 3s 3d to 2s lid, the drop being probably due to the general, dullness observable in the share market during the past week. The eastern mines were quiet, there being no new development to direct attention to them. A few sales were effected in Eastern Star Freehold, New Normanby, and Eastern Star Extended, though at lower rates than have been ruling for some time past. It is expected'that underground opera tions at the Last Chance United mine, which have been delayed for some days through the necessity for putting in a new steel shaft and spider to the winding plant, will be resumed to morrow. Steiglitz ventures suffered most by the falling-off in prices and volume of business, notwithstanding the favorable reports received from several of the mines. The yields from the two leading mines were to some extent affected by the heat of the past fortnight, several shifts being lost at both mines. In face of this, however, the returns were highly satisfactory, that from the ! United Albions being particularly so. The water has all been taken out of the Sailor’s Reef shaft, .in which the men are now at work. The old shaft on the Elsie Amalgamated lease has been cleaned out, and.as there is a large body of stone in sight that the manager unhesitatingly pronounces to be payable, arrangement are being made to take out a trial crushing. Should this turn out to be satisfac tory, .it will add to the faith already felt by many in .the future of Steiglitz, and very materially enhance' the value of the mine. Although pro spects are so promising, shares, after advancing to Is Id, dropped to Bd. The work of reducing the water in the | Tam o’Shanter shaft is being carried | out rapidly, and it will not be long now ere the truth or otherwise of the statements that payable stone was left in the shaft will be proved. Mean while shares have suffered in price, in common with others, and on Saturday they changed hands at 4s' 3d. Two shifts have been started in the North Albion shaft, which is now down 145 feet, and a winding plant capable of working to a depth of 1600 feet has been purchased. The battery at the" Waterloo mine is nearing comple tion, and a start is to he made to open out on the lode at 450 feet, when three levels will be worked to supply stone. This should improve the value of shares, which on Saturday sold down to 13s. Indications in several of the other Steiglitz mines are favorable. Amongst outside ventures, most attention was directed to Midas Con sols, which, however, closed lower than they were during the week, there being sellers at 9s 9d. The yield was main tained, and present prospects seem to indicate a continuance of similar re turns. Chalk’s group were in fair favor, fairly numerous sales being ef fected in Chalk’s Freehold and Chalk’s No. 1, the former closing at 20s 6d, and the latter at 25s 6d. Prentice Freehold were fairly firm-during the week, with sales up to 60s 6d, on the strength -of the previous week’s yield, as underground operations were sus pended at the mine during last week in consequence of a trifling accident to the pumping machinery. Madame Berry and Madame Berry West con tinue in good demand, which the present prospects of the mines seem to warrant. It is understood (writes n'ur Melbourne correspondent) that when the Mercantile Bonk case comes on, on the 19th inst., Sir Matthew Davies will conduct his own de fence. Mr G'Unsnn will appear for Mr Millidgc, and Mr Leon for Mr Muntz. The Victorian Tariff Inquiry Board will arrive in Ballarat on Monday next at 10 a.m. Tuesday they will devote to the in spection of some nf. the moat important, factories and industries nf the district, and on Wednesday, at 10 a.m., they will sit and take evidence in the Town Hall, Sturt street, if a suitable room is available. Steps have been taken to Recure the evidence nf persons representing tli“ various interests in the dis tricts, but the board will he glad to hear anyone whose evidence will assist them in their nbj ot. The matters into which they will inquire are—The effect nf the 6«cal system of Victoria upon industry and prn tion; upon the employment of the people; npou the condition and extension nf agricul tural, mining, and other producing interests; and upon exports and imports. The mem bers of the board are—Messrs Joseph Bnsisto (chairman), Graham, Lovien, Peacock, Frank Stuart, Tucker, Andrews, Bromley, M'Kenzie, Murphy, Rawson, Tatchell, M’e.L.A. It in satisfactory to be able to chronicle the fact that the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society’s overdraft at the bank is £5OO leas than it was at this time last year. In February. 1893, the Dr balance amounted tn about £1150; while now it is only £650. The Government grant will this year be less, but, notwithstanding that, the society will ha about £3OO better off than it was last year. The City and Town Councils meet in con ference to-day relative to the proposed intro duction of the electric light iuto the city and town. An extensive bush-fire was raging from 3 to 3 o’clock yesterday afternoon in the vicinity of Smythesdale. It started in the Nintingbool Estate, near Haddon, and swept across the country as far as the Bull Inn, on the Smythes road, where it was intercepted by a band of volunteers who prevented it from spreading in that direction. A large stack of 5 feet wood on the Smythes road, opposite the Bull Inn, however, caught fire, and the heat from this waa so great and the flames leap»d to such a distance over the road that traffic was sus pended fur nearly an hour. The fire then extended towards Ross’ Creek, towards White’s property, carrying everything before ir. The Smythesdale firemen, under Captain Lynch, arrived on the scene with a hose and coach load of volunteers, and wont on to Rosa Creek tn render any assistance that lay in their power. Hundreds of acres of grass were consumed and a quantity of timber and fencing waa destroyed. At the Eastern baths on Saturday after noon the annual swimming matches in con nection with the Ballarat Swimming Club were held. The programme provided several excellent contests, and everything passed off most successfully. A' report of the races ap pears in another column. The monthly meeting of the Buninyoog sliire Council will be held on Monday next. Tenders, as advertised, will be received op to 12 o’clock noon that day. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society met at Craig's hotel on Saturday morning. Present—Messrs G. G. Morton (president). W, Anderson, M.L. A., Thomas Bath, N. Blair, W. Brazenor, J. Dickie, J. S. Downie, J. Dalgleish, C. Edninnstnn, T. Fisher, A. G. Forbes, D. Gunn, R Grills, J. R. Joplin, A. M’Cnbbin, Jas. Russell, R. Swan, W. D. Snowball, Jus. Troup, S. G. Tliorutyne, and W. N. White. Donations were acknowledged as follow;—The Mayor of the City, £lO 10-; Sir W. J. CU-ke (prize, &c.;), £S2; the Hon. E Morey, £2 2-*; estate late Mr Wrigley, £3 3 j ; Mr J. W. Park, £2; total, £99 15 s . Accounts amount ing to £53 12s 2d were for pay ment. A conference of local preachers of the Wesleyan Church will be opened at Mary borough to-day. In connection with the sitting local preachers occupied the pulpits at the'different Ballarat Wesleyan Churches yesterday. In the morning Mr S. King, of Melbourne, preached at Lydiard street; Mr S. Webb, of Melbourne, at Neil street; and Mr A. J. Smith at Barkly street. A meeting of great importance to farmers was held on Saturday at Carver’s hotel, to consider the advisability nf initiating a movement to open up a trade with Europe in compressed fodder. There was a large attendance, and the question was taken' up with considerable enthusiasm, several of ihe gentlemen present intimating their intention of forwarding the movement in a practical manner, A report of the proceedings appears in another column. Gunn, who was fined on Friday £2l for hie share in the disturbance at Ihe Essex Paddock, was released from gaol on Satur day, as the amount nf the penalty was forth coming. ; On Saturday night an effort was made to secure funds to release Bourke and Murphy. On Saturday morning, at the meeting of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral So ciety, Mr J. Kelsall, the energetic and popular secretary, was presented with a bonus of £25 in consideration of his invalu able services to the society. Mr G. G. Morton, the president, in proposing the vote, referred to the untiring perseverance and the undoubted ability of Mr Kelsall as a secretary, and remarked that the successes which of late had been achieved were in a great measure duo to his capability and attention to duty. The vote was unani mously passed, and Mr Kelsall suitably ac knowledged it. To-day the Water Commission make the annual inspection of their reserves and re servoirs. A special court of Petty Sessions was held on Saturday, at the City Court- house, before Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., for the pur pose nf dealing with a summons asking that Thomas Monahan and Thomas M'Mahnn should forfeit the amount of their recog nisances. The case arose out of an order made against Michael Monahau, on the 17-h March ult., to contribute 10s a week towards the support of the illegitimate child of Mary Foley, The present defendants became surety for Michael Monahan, and as the payments had not been kept up the action for forfeiture was taken. Mr Barrett appeared for the complainant, Mary Foley, and Mr P. H. Tuthill for the defendants, Mr Tuthill nbj°oted to the pro ceedings on the grounds that the complainant should be the clerk of Petty Sessions instead of the mother of the child. He also wished that proof should bo given to show that thn ] child was alive. Evidence was given to ■how that only four payments had been made in compliance with the magistrates order. Mr Foster made an order that the recognisances of tho defendants be forfeited, and allowed £2 2r costs to the complainant. A stay of execution was granted for 14 days, as the defendants announced their intention of appealing. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society on Saturday agreed to support the extension of the line from Hnpetoun to Mil dufa. The cricket match between the Legal Managers and Brokers will be played_at the Eastern Oval on Friday next. It has been arranged that there shall be IS men aside, and in order to prevent good bowlers playing too much havoc that no player be allowed to howl two overs in succession. Great interest has been aroused over the match, and both teams have started active practice. The supporters of both sides are very confident nt victory. An effort will be made in coc n-otion .with the match to secure some assist ance to the charities. William Began and Walter Stark were arrested on Saturday evening by Constable Scanlon, and lodged in the Town .lockup on a .charge of insulting behavior. Two. per sons were also arrested for drunkenness. At the City Police Court on Saturday George Hives, charged with deserting his wife, was remanded till Tuesday. Bail was allowed in one surety of £10, and defendant in a similar amount. A man who had been arrested for drunkenness was discharged. One debt case was also dealt with by the magistrates, Messra Pearee and Ciark, J’s.P. There is now on view at the establishment of Mr Bennett, jeweller, Bridge street, a very handsome and richly engraved gold hunting watch, which was recently presented to Mr W. Webster. The inscription on the watch is as follows—Presented, to. Bro. W. Webster by a few admirers of his labors in connection with the M.U.1.0.0.F. Hans Beinricks, a young man aged 22, who is by trade a photographer, but who has for some time past been employed as a traveller for Mr Aaron Flegoltaub, was arrested on Saturday by Plain-clothes Constable Bogerson on a charge of obtaining 6s by maans of false pretences from his em ployer. It is alleged that accused, who was working on commission, presented bogus orders to the firm and received commission he was not entitled to. A great want exists in the Warrenheip district for threshing machines. The farmers there have plenty of work, as there are large crops of peas, wheat, and oats which require threshing.- Phillip Breubergor, aged 17, was arrested by Constable Porter in Sturt street nt 10 o'clock on Saturday evening, on a charge of offensive behavior. It is alleged that ho j >stled several ladies who were walking along che footpath. In cnnnection with the late Charities Carnival, Mr J. B. Johns has presented a balance-sheet, which shows that after aetiliug nil accounts a credit balance of £IS7 remains to be divided amongst the three charities. A correspondent writes; —“If the woter commissioners wish to reserve the water, they might do so by remedying a defective tap opposite Malakoff street, in Eyre street, . which has been running for the last three months," Thomas Horden, the young man who fell from a hayloft at Messrs Tulloch and Son’s brewery on Monday last, died in the Hos pital on Friday evening from the effects of the injuries sustained. At the enquiry held by Mr Foster, P.U., on Saturday a verdict of accidental death was returned. The monthly meeting of the Bungareeshire Council will be held to-day. The South street Debating Society are now bnsily engaged drafting the prize-list for ■ heir next great literary and musical compe tition, to be held in June, and will be glad to receive suggestions and special priz-s from persons interested, Upwards of 100 guineas will be offered for competition in a great variety of subjects, and it is gratifying to announce that more than- half of the money has been subscribed already. Six men were arrested in the City on Saturday and yesterday for drunkenness. Miss Alice Gollmick and Mr Robin Ellis gave a splendid rendering of Lelman’s “ O Salutafis ” nt St. Patrick’s Cathedral yester nay morning. Mr Ellis also sang Meres* dante’s “Svlve Maria” at vespers. Both vocalists are members of Miss Millie Bolton’s London Comedy and Opera Com pany, and their vocalisation is very artistic. Large congregations attended both services. Mr W. B. West, M.C.0., presided at the organ. The combined Anglican Sunday schools of Ballarat West excursion to Queeoscliff on Friday next promises to be a great snccess. Tickets can be obtained at different places of business, and at All Saints this evening, and Sr. John’s on Tuesday evening, from 7 to 9 each night. Students of the University classes are re minded that work is resumed at the A.N.A. Ball, Camp street, to-day, at 9.30 a.m. and 215 p.m. Evening classes. Colonial Mutual Chambers, Lydiard street, Mondays, Wed nesdays, and Fridays, 7.30 p.m. On Thursday evening next, at the Academy of Music, a summarised version of Benedict’s opera, “ The Lily of Killaruey," together with Dibdin'S famous comic operetta, “The Waterman,” will be produced, with a cast including Mr Charles Saunders, Mr W. D’Eosem, Mr George Leopold, Mr James Ure, Misa Syria Lamnnt, and Miss Carrie Bilton. Tickets at popular prices are ob tainable at Sutton’s. Branches of the Union Bank of Australia will he opened at Cue (Murchison Goldfields) and nt Coolgardio almost immediately. Two young men, arrest“d for offensive behaviour were brought before Messrs Ham and Josephs, J’s.P., at the Town Police Court on Saturday; and were discharged upon contributing £1 each to the poor-box. A man charged with drunkenness was also discharged. Jenkin Thomas, 22 years old, a resident of Albert street, Sebastopol, on Saturday re ceived an injury to the eye through being struck by a piece of quartz. Andrew James, 31 years old, of Creswiok road, was bitten by a dog on the finger, causing a severe incised wound, Mr W. Dickson has been appointed re turning officer for mining board elections for the Ballarat mining district, vice Mr W. R. Anderson transferred. Mr Francis John Saner has been appointed warden’s clerk at Ballarat, temporarily, during the absence of W. Dickson on leave. Mr John Vipond has been appointed returning officer for the echool district of the south riding of the Shire of Creswick, No. 129. Duties will be resumed at the Victoria College, Ellerslie College; at the Grammar a’chonl, A.N.A. Hall; and Dawson street Preparatory School to-day; at Qneen’s Col lege tn-mormw, and at Clarendon College, on Thursday. Duties at the Ballarat Col lege have already been resumed. 