Richmond. There was, as usual, no business transacted at the Police-court on Tuesday hut. Mr W Mitchell intends, during February, ar ranging a concert to augment the funds of the Presbyterian Sunday-school for prizes, and to assist in giving the children a treat. There is very little talle so far of the coming municipal elections, and verj small interest seems to be taken in town matters. It is not unlikely that there will be a walk over for some of the candidates, unless some of the old party spirit can be infused into the affair. It would be as well for this same party-feeling to be allowed to drop. No new candidates are as yet spoken of. Commercial travellers visiting the town com plain very much of tbe dullness of trade here and everywhere else. The district friends of Mr Denmar (and they are legion) will regreat to hear of his being laid low with an illness he has been suffering from Cpr the past seven months. A bush-fire which had been raging for a week in Pitt's paddocks (Thompson's Ridge) was ex tinguished on Tuesday last, with the assistance of the Messrs Pitt and some Enfield residents. Had the wind'on Monday been blowing in the direction of Enfield, it must have made a clean sweep of everything in that direction, as it was. creeping that way. Aid Mitchell has been exceedingly unwell of late, suffering from a severe attack of influeaza. The following were the visitors from Sydney at the Druids' torchlight procession and concert last Friday. President, Bro £ j Hill; Grand Guardian, Bro R A Barry ; P. Arch, Bro A Mel ville, (Royal Oak Lodge, Balmain); Past Sec, Bro Bardsley, (Star of Petersham Lodge, Peter sham) ; District President, Bro Dunkley, from Penrith, and other brethren from Penrith. Good work was done by Messrs G Cobcroft, S Farley, and other brethren. The visitors remained over th« following day (Friday), and spent a most en joyable time. A cricket match was arranged for them, against thc local men, and they proved themselves more than a match for the home team, scoring 124 (two of the players retiring, as they could not be bowled), and the Richmond men making only 48, of which A Lyle secured top ?core, 13. The hom« team then went in again, and were treated to some soft bowling which allowed them to increase their score, it standing at roo runs for two wickets, the visitors winning on the first innings. Two of the visitors were splendid players, and too good altogether for the local Druids. The visitors had lunch at the Com mercial Hotel and tea at the Royal. Mr £ V Ezzy, Sergeant of the 3rd Regiment, is about to leave for Queensland, having sold his {woperty to Mr Guest of the Hawkesbury Benevo ent Asylum. Mr Ezzy will be much missed especially in Richmond-as he is a very popular young man. May good luck go with bim and his young wife. Mr R Stone has also disposed of his extensive property at Yarramundi to a stranger for ¿1,600. A move bas been made to recognise the ser vices of Mr Lyons by the local Odfellows-of which he was an officer, and by the School of Arts Committee, of which he was also a member. A little daughter of Mr Thomas Walker, of the Heights, Kurrajong, fell off a table one day last week, and dislocated its collarbone. Dr Helsham was called in, and attended to the in jury. The accident is most unfortunate, as Mr Walker has but recently experienced a sad bereavement. We have seen a useful apparatus, introduced to Richmond by Mr C Cotton. Manager of the Bank of N.S.W. It is a cheaply constructed butter, milk, wine, icc, cooler, much in vogue in the back-blocks, and answers its purpose ad mirably. It is made out of canvas, in which is a framework of laths for supporting the articles re quired to bd cooled, water being placed in the receptacle, and the evaparation of the water effects the cooling. A'meeting of Justices of the Peace, called for the purpose of granting auctioneers' licenses, was held on Tuesday last, when the following licenses were granted .-Charles Septimus Guest, Henry Skuthorp, Arthur S Hough, and Alfred Leo pold Hough. The death took place one day last week of a (armer named David Hayman, of Upper Colo, at the advanced age of 74 years, from dropsy. A Kurrajong fruit-grower, who was trying to do without the middleman, was disposing of his fruit direct to district shopkeeprs at a fair price, but as .oen as he found prices going up, he left this off, and is now sending to Sydney. It is a pity something cannot be done to erect a creamery in Richmond, to work in connection with the Windsor Butter-factory. A creamery would pay well, as the expenses would be light, whereas a new factory would be a big venture. After a creamery is erected, and the supply in creases sufficiently, a factory might be started. It is to be hoped that, although Mr S Reed is giving up bis saw-mill in town, someone else will carry on the business, as its closing will mean the loss of an industry which has provided employ ment for a number of workmen. A lot of controversy has been going on1 lately as to who sent the first apricots to market this sea son. The Bohemian Lecturer, who has been having a good time of it at Windsor, opened up at Rich mond on Thursday night, and will keep the town lively, for a fortnight or so. Subscribers and others wishing for extra copies of the Xmas number of this paper, which will be issued on the 14th inst, are requested to leave their orders in advance with Mr Pryke, our agent. Mr J Gazzard, Station-master, who has been away on his holidays, returned to town again on Friday. A heavy thunderstorm passed over Richmond at 3 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon. For some time before, the heavy black clouds betokened something unusual. Soon there was a terrific dust-storm, which drove every one indoors, the dust for a quarter-of-an-hour sweeping in volumes down the streets. This was accompanied by heavy peals of thunder and vivid lightning, and a few sharp showers of rain. On Thursday there was another heavy thunderstorm, when a nice drop of rain fell. A cricket match between the Half-holiday As sociation and the professional gentlemen about town was interfered with by the storm on Wed- ] ncsday-the players having to leave the Oval j hurriedly, ^ .. . .. ? H A valuable litter of pigs at the Hawkesbury Agricultural College farm died on Monday, from , the effects of the intense beat of that day. Mrs A R Woodhill, who has gone to spend the I Xmas holidays with her parents in Tasmania, left by tbe overland mail to Melbourne last Thursday. During Monday night's storm a lot of iron was blown off the sheds at the Clarendon Race course. Since the recent cricket-match in Sydney, Howell has sprung into notoriety, and consequent ly has had to undergo the infliction of being pho tographed. An excellent portrait appears in this week's " Mail." Sergeant-Major Toovey is now residing in Syd ney, and was last week seen by a friend walking about the Domain-so it would appear that he is improving in health. On' Monday evening last, at about g o'clock, a terrific dust storm burst over the district with great fury, and during the short time it lasted (about io minutes) was most unpleasant and created much havoc amongst the trees about town. Several trees at the rear of the Agricultural College, and also at Hobartwille, were blown down, A shed at the rear of the College was also unroofed of its iron, as also one at Hobartville. At the latter place several sheets of iron were re moved bodily from their position and burled some distance away. An empty iron tank at the College was raised from a lofty position on to a flat roof. Great havoc was created among the fruit trees on the Kurrajong, and the orchards and gardens about town, the peach trees coming in for the full force of the wind, One gentleman counted over 43 dozen green .peaches at the foot of one tree. Some sheds were unroofed at Kurrajong and a bay-shed at Clarendon was treated in a similar manner. An old apricot tree in Dr Cam eron's paddock in Windsor-street, whick has stood the storms of many years, had to give way on Mon day night. The storm could be heard coming along some distance away. The roofs of tanks at Mr Pitt's, Sunnyside, were up-lifted, and a number of choice pot plants at Mr J T M Pitt's residence were overturned. At the Agricultural College some 30 heavily- laden fruit trees were blown down. Mr Era Pryke was seized with an attack of cholera on last Wednesday, after the storm, and was bad for some time. The usual household remedies were applied, in the absence of the doctor, and the patient is improving. Mrs Sly, senr, bas bad a change for the better, and is slowly improving. Mrs W Sly is also re covering. Mr CV Cotton, of the Bank of New South Wales, has recently secured a very fine pure-bred Scotch Collie slut, from the famous kennels of the well-known Coilie breeder, Mr H B Macintosh, town clerk, Balmain. It is a fine animal of a beautiful sable colour, and is about 12 months old. It is by Mac, from Kate Dalrymple (imported). The latter ts declared by a competent judge to be a typical Collie. He describes Mac as a fine dog, but not equal to Kate Dalrymple. Mr Cotton's Collie is very like the latter. The many friends of Mr Lankester, who was well-known here as the assistant teacher at the Public-school, and who was up on a visit about three weeks ago, died recently in Sydney, and much sorrow is felt in the town at his un timely demise. At the annual Industrial and Artistic Exhibi tion in connection with the Ocean-st Congre gational Church, Woollahra, Miss Eva Boughton, of Richmond, succeeded in carrying off the first prize and gold medal tn the recitation competition for Juniors. Among her opponents was Miss Nellie Hedges, who has won numerous prizes and medals in Sydney but who on this occasion had to take second place. At the same Exhibition Miss Jessie Boughton was awarded first prize for plain sewing in the Senior section, and Miss Lucy Boughton first for Juniors. Arthur Boughton also took 2nd prize for ornamental penmanship. We all know there is a rich vein of talent running through the Boughton family, and in the metropolis, where competition ts so keen, it is pleasing to see it meeting with its due reward, Miss Eva's histrionic abilities are likely to be brought under the notice of an eminent pro fessional at an early date. Owing to the scarcity of grass, and the low price of cattle just now, and possibly the scarcity of money, at recent local stock sales heifers and steers sold as low as 2/6 each. The following players will represent the Half boliday Association against Barker College at Wheeney next Wednesday :-Davies, Waters, G and F Woodhill, Biddle, Sullivan, Wheeler, Hughes, Smith, Perry and Sly. The Bush fires have destroyed all the grass in the paddocks at North Richmond belonging to Mr H Skuthorp, and be bas had to remove his stock to Caddai. On Wednesday afternoon it became so dark during the storm that the cricketers could not see the ball bowled, and were easily disposed of. Business people had to light their lamps at 3 o'clock. A good yarn is told of a Kurrajong resi dent who said that it became so dark the children thought it was bed-time, and went ofi to bed, and - slept until the usual hour next morning. As the storm commenced at 3 o'clock, they must have been tigers to sleep. The " Telegraph" states that the Local Govern ment Commission has received a letter from the Richmond Council, suggesting an extension of the boundaries of that Municipality, so that it shall include an area from the boundary of Ham Common to the boundary of the Nepean elector ate. At the School of Arts on Thursday evening, a goodly gathering of Oddfellows and their friends met to do honor to Bro M Lyons, who is leaving the district. Bro W Mitchell occupied the chair. The usual toasts were proposed, that of "Our Guest" being given by Mr J. P. Collins. Several | speeches' were made in support, and Bro Lyons j suitably responded. Subsequently be was pre sented with a suit of regalia, on behalf of the 1 members. A full report of the proceedings will be given in next issue. 