MILLIOBNT. (From our own Correspondent.) February 28. Tbece have been several bushfires in the district lately, some of which, it iB alleged, have been caused through the laying of phosphorised wheat. There may be something m this contention, but I believe that unless the fireB ooour within a few hourB of being exposed, there is little risk of the phosphorus igniting, especially when it baB been mixed with care and is two or three dayB old. I am strength ened in thiB belief from the fact that there have been, comparatively speaking, very few fireB in proportion to the quantity of phoBphoriaed wheat laid and the area of land operated on. The last fire which it is said was caused through phoBphoriaed wheat was on Saturday last, when a large lire swept through a portion of the Mayurra estate from the back of the run near Canunda right by the home station, which was saved with difficulty, though the efforts of those engaged in fighting the fire could not save some of the outbuildings, which were burned. The fire swept through the garden, destroying fences and trees, and had seized on the front verandah. Fortunately, Mr. Warland, who, I believe, was the first at che fire, was able to subdue the fire before it gotaatrong hold of the woodwork. About 3 p.m. word waB brought on here that the station was on fire. M.C. O'Brien went out immediately, and helped those already at work. After con siderable efforts the dwelling house was Baved. The fire in its course burned a lot of grass and fencing, and after passing the station swept across the flat towards the drain, and set the peat on fire. Nothing could be done to stop the fire, as there was too much food for its ravages in the shape of grass and thistles, both on the range and fiat. The peat being very dry and full of oracks was soon on fire, and iB now burning. About 12 or 14 acres of the peat are on fire, and it is very doubtful if it can be pat out. The only way to prevent its further spread is to isolate the burning places by digging trenches down to the marly bottom. We all know this means a big expense, as experienced by the Mayurra Council when the peaty drain bank in the same tract of country was on fire some years ago. At the time of the fire and for some time previously no one was in charge of the station. Even now the station is prac tically uncared for, and no efforts are being made to prevent the spread of the fiieon the flat. It is understood that the property is mortgaged to the Savings Bank, but so far the trustees of that institution have shown very little interest in the place even to neglect in destroying the rabbits or "star thiBtle." The Mayurra Council has been very desirous of enforcing both tbeNoxious Weeds and the Rabbit Aots oa the estate, but through some means or other they cannot take action to compel the Savinge Bank as mortgagees, to do anything. The position of the Mayurra estate regarding both those Acts has been a source of much anxiety and trouble to the Council, who are now faced with the difficulty that so far as the Mayurra estate is concerned at the present time the enforcing of the simultaneous destruction of rabbits is impossible. The Council were made known of this very unsatisfactory state of affairs on Monday last, when an opinion was received from Mr. P. McM. Glyna, barrister, to whom a case had been stated. That there was no case against the Savings Bank as mort gagees, as their liability under the Act of 1890 (simultaneous clauses) is very doubtful, and going to law to enforce the Act would be very risky. The opinion, which was very clear and to the point, left the Council no other course than to let the Mayurra estate alone for the present. Unless the Act can be enforced on the estate an injustice will be done to the ad joining landholders, who have been doing good work in destroying the rabbits on their land, and it can hardly be expected that the Council will compel them to keep on working" under the circumstances. As matters now are a rank injustice is being done to the district, and no one can be punished. It Beems altogether wrong that because an estate is mort gaged and the«mortgagor deprived of possession" !tbe "mortgagees should be able to shirk all responsibilities ' under the Rabbit Act, which the mortgagor when in possession was held liable for. If this is the law it is a disgrace to our statutes, and should be altered. The Council is placed in a very difficult position^ and the always unplea sant duty of enforcing the Rabbit Act is rendered more unpleasant and difficult. # i On Sunday harvest thanjjsgivjng services were held morning and evening m the Presbyterian Church, which was very nicely , decorated with fruits of the field and garden. The Rev. J. Garde officiated. The choir sang appropriate thanksgiving hymns. At both services there were good congregations. By advioes the Murrimbum Cheese Com pany's butter is poniioanding top prices m the London markets. The consignment? by the Britannia and Orizaba realising 110s. per cwt. The quality and get up of the butter is spoken highly of. The company is now making butter for the Adelaide market. The Bupply of milk is falling off rapidly, and it iB probable the factory will be closed soon. The milk is now giving good returns, viz., lib. of butter from 2'l-5th" gallons of milk. " The tender of Mr. G. Giddings for budding a dwelling house for Mr. Hann haB been ac cepted, the price being £665. The Mayurra Council has called for a lot of tenderB for road work and cleaning drains. The amount to be expended will be about £350. ' Nothing yet has transpired regarding the rebuilding of the Sebastapol sohool, or'whether it will be rebuilt or not. School isi now held in a bouse belonging to Mr. (*. Hanel, so Uiat the loBingof tbp schoolhouse has not deprived the Children of schooling. 1 A man named F.^oung on Saturday even ing was found in the premises of Mr. Goss. He was locked up. Some articles were found on him for which he could not account, HQ was brought before the Bench on Monday, and got 5 months-three for being on the pre misea of M.r. GOBS, and two for stealing a child's bib and pocket handkerchief, The sen* tences were concurrent. Yesterday afternoon a meeting of ladies was held in the Presbyterian church to make arrangements for the anniversary tea and con* cert. It was decided to have the tea and con pejrt on the 21st of next month. A committee of eight ladies was appointed to make all the nec essary arrangements for the tea. The concert will be arranged for by the Committee. The Institute has been secured. It is now some years since theie was ah anniversary tea, and no doubt every_ effort will be made | to carry it to a successful issue. I On Saturday evening a temperance meeting i waa held in the west room of the Institute. The gathering was under the auspices of the W.C.T.U. Mr. W. Campbell discharged the duties of Chairman with ability. There was a very good programme of songs and recitations presented, and addresses on temperance were also given. The attendance was fair, and every thing passed off satisfactorily and pleasant, i and let it be hopeij a profitable eyenipg was cftassdi The paragraph in Wednesday's Watch re legacy to Mr. T. McCourfc was no news to aome of us, but all thesa me we heartily congratulate our friend Tom on his aocession to fortune, and hope that he may live long to enjoy the luxury of being riob. There were aome nice showers on Wednesday ni/?ht. The weather is cool. We oould do with a good downpour of rain now. 