Christmas In H*dei> Daring Christmas of thi* current yew 1893,1 wm punled to do with myaelf. A victim to * pwicy of political reconstruction, I failed to derive any Of it* contingent advantages, end, like the empty traveller, wu bin to sing defiantly Oh, Oh, raeketty Oh I Here* > contingent waif ' Of Ipswioh Barlow, Sat the marine cable having been sno psssfully laid to Noumea, the capital of New Caledonia, and a decided step in advance on the mate between Queensland/uid Hades, I received the following unexpected and -flattering cablegram: Dub H.-Put in' your ChiiitmM frftfc me. Proeerplne hu toy penntuian to flirt with you If you prefer her to the other Hecatea. You will meet' titoit «f yon* friends ud all yonr Uta ooljfcague*. . Of Bourse there fsno fishing,skating,or seasonal (porta, bnt the dm are In sooa/ettle and I ^n»heitnp a fmts*Umw4er«i and m*y,tp . dnpn. NodampUne&qrpllUsi; Reply pU.-4uiK. tt took bnt a moment to respond tit ilia Highness' invitation, At firpt, Vith unprtme bad taste, I thought of siting my learning by quoting Milton, wiring aome neat little allusion to "Prince*, power*, and potentate* .of HeU," or " Hail, Luoifer," bnt inde pendently of the faot that" Hail" and Hell" are inoongruous allies, I remembered Samnel Johnson, the gnat lexicographer'*, ruling that it did not become him, atill le** me, to bandy word* with hi* prinoe, ao I briefly replied Aooept gratefully: will reach HeU fay,the HO p.m. on the 24th. Bringing a coalition |>np with me-aocIimatfKd. Passing over the joarney, which, thoagh on a heavy, downward grade, wa* devoid of cnrve* and ran fcmoothly on the broadest possible gauge, two things claimed immediate attention. The first was the indistinguishicg leordial greeting of Hit Majesty and hi* charming spouse, a hospitality not totrked by insulting shades of dis tinction, bnt accorded to every claimant tapon the illimitable resources of the demesne. I assure yoa, despite my special personal invitation, I oould not detect the least variance between the reception of the greatest magnate* or the petty trespassers who dropped in opon what they were pleased to call an eternal infernal visit Oliver Cromwell, who reconstructed'-temporarily - English society, met with no warmer greeting than Yaberlungie Tarn. There might, perhaps, on nice observation, bo detected a' little extra fire in the reception of corpulent guests. Owing to a deficiency of moisture, the climat ical conditions of the locality are unfavourable to the prodnolion of vegetable oils, and independently of the onsnitability of its residents to f ace the rigor of our Arctic or Antartic winter, the scarcity of whales forbids any reliance upon that source of supply. In fact since Jonah, through the kindness of His Highness, was fired oat of the belly of the Scriptural whale, no sped man of a cetacean hu been seen, and considerable speculation exist* as to the chance of a aeoond ecclesiastical windfall of that nature being reoeived from the fisheries of my loved colony. For this reason Fat men, Mid, to a leaser extent, Fat women, reoeive upon arrival an axpTNifoe glow of gratgla tion. The advent of women, fat or slender, old or young, is not, however, a matter of nnfeigned pleasure to His Highness. In truth, at he philosoph ically ,puts it, women in Hell are matter in the wrong place. On earth they form-I am quoting His Highness' woras bnt am far from endorsing them -on earth they form, Hi* Highne** asserts, tho most powerful agency at hi* control. ' Unsolicited, nnbought, nnbribed, they win and woo the bright est section of his subjects, and rank infinitely higher in 4he estimation of His Highness tbap the source of potent valgar futon of drink, Jh^ifV and en tenement, publio and private. And thii bring! me to a startling, though strictly logical sequence, of hellish life. The Local Option and the licensed publicans' interests no longer clash. Hell is the only place where temper anoe, to say nothing of total abstinence, ceases to find food for agitation. The brazen-mouthed' advocates of aqueous saint or alcoholic sinner find their occu pation gone. There is no drink in Hell. Wine and water are conspicuous by their absence. Perkins' entire is entirely wanting, ho hideous placards or illusory one pound notes tempt attention to Wolfe's Schnapps. The only star is the morning star. Hell is an elysium of total abstinence, though strange to say, although they ontnumber the moderate drinkers, they don't seem to appreciate the position. When the the simple ceremony of introduction was over and I had time to oast a look around, I waB amused at a brief dialogue between Dives, a typioal fat nun, and Mc lb, who had just tacked his kilt under him'and complained of the dry heat. [Dives "was whining for the apocryphal drop of water and Lazarus hypocritically be moaning his inability to grant it, when Mc-th, grasping the situation with his usual common sense, interjected, " Watter is it, ye'd spier for, my mon. Dinna' fash yersel' aboot it., Gin I could get a grup of a guid clrap of whuskey, I'd no greet by the ingle neuk." After a little while His Highness, with pleasing affability, proposed a stroll through the precinota of the court. Ton may fancy how closely I scanned the array of eager faces, wearing an expressed, if untrne, conviction that they were the oynosure of admiring eyes. Bat every face in this quarter was strange. (Neither Pontius Pilate, nor Cortezuba, nor l^ero, nor Talley rand, nor Gladstone, Disraeli, or the lamented Parnell were there.- Scrutin izing my air of eudden surprise, and interpreting my thoughts, His Highness .aid, "Ah, you are looking for your cherished constellations; they are of no aooonnt here. The greatness of those men was due not ao much to oapscity as opportunity. I put no ?tore on opportunity; the men who enjoy it play life with cogged dioe. I esteem those whose so-called wicked ness waa fettered--I mean no pun-by anachronism or stupid clashing with human restrictions." .?But surely," I retorted," Queens land has famished men worthy of your fiidieat consideration. Yet I don't aee G. or T.'or even H-k-n." " Oh," responded Satan, " Pve a lot. of work to get out of H-k-n yet. When he gets a bit strait and learns the value of hypocrisy, he'll make the poor pedals of Tam quiver. Queens land, however, is but a second-class sphere-warm, bnt not hot; rode, un cultivated and ambitions. Aa for the men yon speak of, we'll aee them by and-bye. At present, and in fact for six: feare, they are fa pawn for the return of higher spirits, whose waxen effigies are now' moored in your river in the hoik Buooess, or employed doing the confidenoe triok with finanoial re construction." "And talking of luooess, that reminds me," continued His Highness, " of a little brochure I once wrote for a poor, devil «f an editor, who' would he here were not his soul too meagre tor Hell and his pen to useful on earth. Pan dar t" called His^ Highness to an attendant demon with a constitutional hypochondriacal expression of counten ance, " a type-writer and a white elephant on atone. ' Put the telephone on to the Brisbane Courier and repeat that little mannsoript of mine whlah the editor was frightened Co print aa bordering on personality, and destruct ive of the principles of law apd order. Ab, I recognise it I * and even Satan pat on an air of prond self-satisfied literary humility. *' Yes, it rune thus. I flatter myaelf ft combines Edgar Allan Poe-he is in the corner, there-with a soupoon of the letters of Francis I mean Sir Philip Francis, as the world has decided-though if I ohose I oould make a better guess at the real author." SATAN'S MANUSCRIPT SUCCESS. iiisten to that bell with its dear, rich tone marking the progress of time on the hulk Suocess. A hundred yesrs have passed since that watch-gauge was run from the molten metal and swung above the deok. A hundred years; three generations of modern life. From 1793 to 1893. Oa' ira and the Mar aellaise. Napoleon the Great and Napoleon the Small The bridge of Lodi and Austerlitz. Mosoow and Trafalgar. Solferino and Sedan. Magenta and Met*. The glories of the first empire; the evanescent glitter and shameful downfall of the second. Ml Morgan and Tarangaba ; success and failure. How narrow the dividing line I Upon what irresponsibility does human fortune hang 1 The border-line of fate, how thin. Let ns, while a paian of bells sounds the tidings of Christian joy, record some few reflec tions prompted by the theme. Stout ship with stout timbers almost laughing at decay. For a hundred years along thy decks has filed a never-ending pro cession of stealthy ghosts.' From every porthole whence once the muzzle of the oannon peered, a crowd of wan mourn ful shades now reveal themselves, spirits of the psst, eidolons ot those whose briei career formed but a span of thy tempest-tossed existence. The stalwart oak was riven and shaped, the bolt was driven, the lofty mast was stepped, and, proud in tho expectancy of hopc^the on* with thyself were launohed to win renown. Where are they 1 Of what avail their emmet like career. The post captain who did cot vec, or, seeing, ignored the signal for close action, oashiered and dead; dead in the prime of life. The luffs who drank themselves to death. The parsers who thrived, after the manner of their kind, on peculation. The little brazen mids whose cares came in with epaulets. Tho boatswain with his hairy breast, perohance the hero of some immortalised triangular duel. The poacher, the village ne'er-do-well, the criminal, the pressed man, food for shot sharks and aourvy. Where be they t Gone, snail- like, long before their Jiriog coffin. And then my Lords remove her from the list and devote her to the transport service. Compare this vessel, since altered, may be, in ber internal fittings, for a cpeoial purpose, her lines and timbers yet remain a memorial of her early days. Compare her, I say, with the marine invalids lying sot so distant from ber berth. It is a contrast of human life then as now. Slow, sore and brutal as against precocity, speed and equal brntality of modern moold. Compare, too, the grooves of thought and action which determine life, and note as before re marked bow thin the line of demarc ation between recognised failure and success. Renegade Paul Jones, legal ised pirate, privateer, by virtue of a piece of parchment, courage and good luck, dies under the sanctity of an honoured flag. That was a hundred years ago. Stanley, renegade again, bears hia flag in triumph over . heoa tomb of murdered reputations and slaughtered natives. But to the Success. When Marat wan slain in his bath, exultant France bretfthed again, but when the man typified as Captain Frere was done to death by exasperated convicts, whose life was a perfect hell, those men were hanged as murderers, and their ghosts now grin in ghastly satire at the nice distinction. For it u(not * hundred, or fifty, or ten years, nay, nor ten minutes, before s6me of us will be face to lace with these souls who have deviated, by no fault of their own, may be, from the acoepted path of legal rectitude, which leads to fame, honor, power, wealth and an inconsequential assumption of virtue into the by-paths of conflict with the law. It is a moot point wherein may lie tho deeper shades of oriminality. Virtue is largely a' matter of chance and temperament The good old role still holds, liet him take who has the power, let him keep who oan. The man with a good digestion and a cold heart io the best equipped for modern success. The poor wretches whose waxen effigies mock the very semblance of humanity in the Buocess were anachronisms, and suffered aooordingly; They mark one of the transition periods,of survival of the fittest. They are like some of the creatures known to zoology, dwarfed/ meagre representatives of armoured dragons onoe ruling the animal world. In the days of None and dcandinavian glory, Norman freebooting( Elieabethan piracy on the Spanish nuin, or even Pindaric theft, they would have oarved name and arms and wealth, and hung I their honored banner in tbe House of Peers. But their instinotive claims to renown were thwarted by their sur roundings. They took to the heath and the pistol in default of anits of mail and lanoes in rest. They filched pockets instead of populations. They lowered themselves to the level of the constable instead of sticking to the con etitutios, and as man mast hang or be hanged, shot or imprisoned,' they, petty anachronisms as they wen, feeble imitations of Dogald Dalgetty, himself an emasculated type of pristine warrior rogues, failed, «nd, irony of fate, met " Success" in the form they most deserved. So, bold as it was for the Baron of olden times to sally torth with his retainen and harry, pillage, burn, destroy or annoy, 'twas the scale up6n wbioh he acted that lit hia deeds with renown and suocess. Even in those days the petty varlet who snared a pigeon or rooked a drunken yokel of a groat, was shrived with short mfiroy. So, too, the poor spirits on the Sqocess whp staked liberty and liberty and life, in a manly way, it It true, and with all the odds against <them, deserved all the ills they met for their inappreciation of the position, and shonld, if rightly viewed, serve as object lessons in a kindergarten oourse of educational fit nesB for suocess. It it only by experience -bitter, cruel experience-these truths are found- A few happy exceptions, just to prove the rule, master the art by observation. More acute minds utilise the historical procedure of the monkey and the cat with the chestnuts. But to the majority this fortuity and brilliance of practical application are denied. Impulsive dispositions rush hastily to their objeot, get caught, and have to expiate. From consciousness of similarly undetected coincidences used sometimes to. gloss such original derelictions, the framers of the law have now recognised the large percent age of population involved, and under the guise of the First Offenders {Proba tion Act, reduces the punishment of a first failure in conveyancing to the dis agreeable consequences of detection, The whole question lies in the definition of conveyancing, and is intimately associated with Socialistic doctrines. What iB war but murder on a great scale 7 If gifted with a sense of humor, how the Lord of Hosts must grin when appealed to by both Bides. " Liberty !" said Madame Roland-ab, what did she say t-" What crimes have been committed in thy name 1 Religion, for what is she responsible? Law-its exponents are rightly termed the Devil's Brigade-is now, as ever, the btutal exponent of craft and might." Poli ticians,chameleon invertebrata. J ournal ists, poor Pandara of Power. Indepen dence on earth means penary. Success falls to the hawk, and a mercifol Providenoe has provided pigeons in dense flocks. No more, were Success a gauge of merit, would the pulpit so largely recruit the press. ? . « " Splendid," said I. " You really think so," said Satan. "Well, I sometimes fancy I might have made my journalistic mark. Yet -cui bono-they all work for me. Bob come, let qb pursue our walk." Now to me the novelty of Hell was this: The entrance onoe effected, all care seemed to fade away. The pangs of Hell, I learned, lay in its anticipa tion. As His Highness paced with me ho was pleased to give some personal reminiscences of the past. " When I was in another plaoe, euphonistically referred to as a higher chamber, I became ennnied. Fancy, there was I, because 1 had fonght two or more electioneering Armageddon, hoisted into . chamber crowded wish derelicts of more or less effaced intellectual type. Youth, conscious of talent and vigor, revolted against such melancholy en vironment. There was senile Jaoob, who played his brother such a dirty trick with a stolen pair of gloves. There was David with his golden harp longing for Bethsheba and the bygone fun of regretted days. There was Noah [craving for another flood so that be might celebrate it with another drunk. But there were no parsons, or, at least, but one. Some of them had forsaken the pqlpit for the press, and wrote misleaders with . brass halo round their heads. Some had even entered my brigade-the Devil's Own. Others were aiding in running land totes and decrying gambling. Then again. Law and Property were largely represented. Abraham and that vixen Sarah gave Lazarus the hospitality of a drink from the Government artesian bore, and earned celestial bliss. Poor Hagar had an unnoticed corner, but iBhmael's hand was against every man's, and he became a bushranger witb, luckily for him, no water in his desert wherein a a Success might he moored. Pah I I oould go on Tor .ever. 'lis better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven. 'Jcijeuis etj'ruta.' So I revolted and was happily expelled from this sooiety of old women of both setts." , Thus beguiling the path with illns trative reminisoenoes, of which His Highness had naturally an inurhamtive store, I frankly put to him the request that he would not take offence if I asked him . few questions relative to oar reputed first parents. .' Certainly not," said Satan with, bonhommie; " interview,me. Isnot that the correct modern expression t In old days the question waa put peine jort et duri, with, Ifanoy, about the same modicum of truth. For instance, it is understood, if I submit to being interftewed, that in ifeturn for a lot of assbmed frankness, whioh means nothing, I am to receive a fair amount of political or social battering. Never mind what pabllo men say about not oaring for what the Trass' says. It is' a He. Out of a thousand men (women base their likes or dislikes on personality) nine hundred take their opinions from their pet paper. Tbey are too bn*y to think and prefer repeating parrot-likethethoughts inculcated by penny-a-liners. The most dangerous politician is the, brusque bravo, inflated with the concert that he made himself and can stand alone. Unconscious example, like Beau Brum mel's neckties, of supreme failare." "Pardon me, your Highness, but toaohing Adam." "And I presume," added Satan,' "Eve?" '.Yes, if not too delioate a subject." " Well, it is necessary to prefaoe by remarking the extraordinary obtuse ness of the seot called Christians to the SOUTOBB of their faith. Though their week days and holidays are but plagiarisms of various forme of Pagan faiths, and their books, like the Koran, clouded as it is with Eastern imagery, peeds scholarly interpretation, every tubithnmpcr starts a form of dissent of his own, and wares dogmatic in precise proportion to his innate ignoranoe and lack of erudition. A reasonable being wtrald think that the Genesis of Chris tianity, being so closely interwoven with Hebraic history, a close study of the authorities of this stiff-necked race wotkld be held of paramount importance, yet one finds the precise contrary to be the oase, and the Jew himself con temned, exoept when the holder of a Christian signature for value reoeived. Now, next to myself and the records of another place, so far as the Ohristisn evolution is concerned, Jewish records are of supreme authority. They were written by men who professed direot inspiration and personal intercourse with the soaroe of their authority, and in their language and tone of expression denote a close fidelity to the subject matter in hand. But though the gift of articulate speech, understandable by man, is confined so f*r as men Mow to one solitary quadrupedal instanoe Bslaam's-and a never-ending proces sion of bipedal asses, no ass so loudly betrays his asinity as the average theologian. Why, look at myself. From Milton downwards they unite by libels to do me heartfelt service while affectedly crying out to be saved from me. Now Eve, the mother of mankind from, say Pharoah's daughter to Cath erine of Russia; from Attila, the Hun, to the foster-father of the contingent vote, was not Adam's only or Grot wife. That gentleman married Lilitb,ol whom portraits are yet extant, a woman of voluptuous serpentina beauty, t^g authoress of the skirt dance and my' very good servant to boot Lilith wm, unhappily for my kingdom, denied the pleasures of maternity, and replaced by Eve. The little legend tonohing the extraction of Adam's rib makes one contumelionsly smile. It is a flagrant instance of the many perversions of test which have crept into translation! of ancient works from the ignoranoe of incompetent scholata. The rib alluded to is the rib-roaBting Adam reoeived when he presented Eve to her prede cessor. Lilith is depioted with a snake girdling her lovely form. This snake, it is needless to say, was wholly imaginary, and the natural result of a bnrst in whioh Adam indnlged after tapping the forbidden fruit, whioh waa simply a (toddy-bearing palm. Adam made a beast of himself on the fer mented produce; . snake became an inevitable corollary. In troth, the Garden of Eden was fall of them, so foil, in fact, that Adam left in the horrors, and Lilitk, electing to remain, fsded from memory and became a forgotten myth. As to the share allotted to myself, I ask yon as a gentleman, can I tonch upon the subject?" Here twisting his moustache, Bis Highness qaoted a few lines from Faust, and I discreetly avoided further allusion to so delicate a subject. Just then a notioeable change in the atmosphere occurred. From a some what oppressive register the heat index suddenly fell to about Rockhampton temperature, and His Highness mater ially noticing the depression, soundly rata? some neighbouring demons upun their inattention to the stores. But hardly had a hasty reproaoh escaped his lips than with courtly grace he apologised to the terrified imps, and smilingly pointing out a group of Queensland notabilities remarked - " Well, I see its Sam G. Even robes and' a wig, coupled witli this local warmth, are insufficient to conquer his frigidity. I wonder they never nsed him as a director of ice works away yonder (pointing to where a rising mist of bush-fire smoke showed the propin quity of Oyradornia). Yes; there they are; Sam and Tain, that comic legis lative dramatist the Contingent Vote, with Tommy .B. who holds my power of attorney, T- and, yeB, it is alive, poor 0., struggling beneath his wig And Tarn's soowl when,he hesitates to give his casting vote the right way. I'm afraid Fve not made your visit pleasant. As I told you, fishing is at a disoount here, and panlon me, but I forgot to tell you it is the close mason for sala manders'and dragons" " Then, I pray you, deign to give me my passport, duly vised,' for my return to Earth." This request His Highness at once complied with, and weparfced a* coolly as the climate would permit So after all I .spent my Christmas day in a particular Hell of my own making, pitying poor Satan for the company he has to keep. 