COUNTRY MAILS. THARGOMINDAH, (mon our own correspondent.) Juno 23. A Splendid Season-Visitors to Thargo- mindah-Bicxcles in tub West-An Om> Resident Leavinq. Steady rain set in hore on Thursday night, and has continued without intermission ever ' since. The total fall this morning at 9 o'clock | registered l'Stin., and steady rain is still falling. From reports to hand the fall appears to have boen general all over the distriot. It will bo welcomed by the squatters as a veritable godsend, as not only will winter and summer feed be assured, but it will prevent bushfires which might otherwise have occurred in con- nection with the shearing dispute. Grass was abundant all over the district, but was just beginning to dry up, and a stray match would have set the country in flames. This tempta- tion will now be removed, as the presont rain will freshen up the grass and herbage will be shooting in all directions, making bush fires impossible. This promises to be one of the best seasons this district has seen for many years past; grass, herbage, and water are abundant, ana the present rain will assure summer feed, even should no more rain fall during the presont year. The Rev, M. Shuttlowood, who is making a tour tbiougli tho distriot, is expectod here to- . i day, and will hold service to-morrow (Sunday) I in the Board Hall. Last week we had a visit from Dr. Brownrigg (late of Winton) and Mr. S. M. Plover, representing tho Mutual Life , j Association of Australasia. Those gentlomen ! I have travelled 1500 milos on bicycles, and j i travelled from Cunnamulla to Thargomindah, I ; about 140 miles, in less than fourteen hours , i actual riding. The machines used are the | " James" safety, with pneumatic tires, and ' these gentlemen aro loud in their praises of i this means of locomotion. Dr. Thom, our I local practitioner, and Mr. Plover, loft for Adavale on Thursday morning on the machines, and expected to reaoh'tliat place on Saturday night; but I am afraid the rain whioh is falling will prevent thom from travelling. Dr. Brownrigg and Dr. Thom exchanged places for this trip. Thargomindah has just lost ono of the oldest residents of the distriot in the person of Mr. Thomas Wi Ord, who left for the South la3t week. Mr. Ord first came out West in 1804, and assisted in . the stocking of Tilboroo, Bingeia, Balloo, and Dynevor Downs. With the exception of a couple of years spent in Victoria, Mr. Ord has been a resident of this district oversince, andhasseen the growth of the district from an uninhabited waste to its present condition. Early in 1890 he purchased the Royal Hotel, which he kept until a few months ago, whon he loased the place to Mr. W. J. Mooro. WINTON. (moil OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) June 21. Thoro has been a complete change in the weather during the last forty-eight hours, the nights being quite mild and the days hot. Yesterday the clouds gathered in thickness all day ; rain began at half-past 10 o'clook p.m. and continued off and on all night, resulting in a fall of 33 point3. Now that the woather has broken again, I should not be surprised to see a lot of rain tim month, A mob of 512 bullocks and cows passod last Monday, comprised of 1G0 bullocks from Bladensburg, the balanoe from Diamantina Lakes, bound for Lake's Creek. They are the j property of Macartnoy and Percy, and J. A. Macartney, and aro in charge of W. J. S hat ford. Preliminary work has commenced at the bore again, and I hopo it will soon be going ahead constantly. The man White, who was charged with assaulting Constable Corkrey, was discharged last week, as Corkrey on consideration felt that he could not positively swear to him, so gave lum the benefit of the doubt. Later. Steady rain set in at noon, and thore is every nppearanoe of a heavy fall, which is evidently coming from Boulia way. The amount of wiro in the underground con- duits of New York City is estimated at 34,000 miles, of which 32,000 miles are telephone and telegraph wires. The British Museum contains no less-than 700 theological books written concerning" the creation of the world. THE BEST AND PUREST COCOA. The Medical Annual says :-" The name . Cad- bury' on any packet of cocoa is a guarantee of purity."-The popular beverage for all seasons. [Abvi] 