GRAINS. m . Tenders have been called for the erection of a new school at Clybucca. Messrs. Hibbard and Son, of Port Macquarie, last week shipped a load of timber to England. The old school house at Ivhoribakh Creek, on the Manning, was destroyed by a bush-fire the other night. . A wine-cellar, owned by Mr. E. Donkin, at Karaak Flat, on the Wingham road, was burned to the ground the other Sunday; The Burrawong, which arrived in tbe river on Thursday, reported heavy weather all the way from Sydney — due to bush-fires along the coast. Mayor W. T. Dangar will preside at the West Kempsey school concert to be held at the Theatre Boyal next Wednesday. " " Mr. Samuel Bond is a candidate for the vacant seat in the Couucil, left so by the resignation of Mr. L. L. Boshell. On the Manning the other day two parties killed nearly 3,000 flying foxes in one camp. One of the " sportsmen " killed 16 in a single shot. Good ! Mr. J. Gilfillan, solicitor, will be absent from Kempsey for about a week from Saturday next. Clients will please take notice. The road to the Gladstone race course has been formed and metalled, in readiness for the coming race lucvulljgt Edward: Arthur, of North Arm, Bellinger Biver, and W. H. Smith and W. J. AinswortU of the Nambucca, have applied for oyster leases. Mrs. W. B. Mann, of Bellinger Heads, died on Sunday week, after a lingering illness. Mrs. Mann was 59 years, of age and had been 27 years on the river. The appeals ,of O. -Q.; Dangar and H.. W. T. Lee against the decision of the local bench in the cancerous cattle cases have been wiuhdrawn and the fines paid. The steamer Burrawong leaves Sydney for the Macleay to-morrow (Thursday) night. Passengers for the metropolis will leave Kempsej on Saturday at 2.80 p.m. ; Bev. W. H. Kemmis, of Port Macquarie, changed pulpits with the -Bev. B. H. D. Kelly last Sunday. His services at West and East Kempsey were well attended. A young man named Moore was thrown off his horse at Kinchela last week and had his collar- bone broken. He was brought to Kempsey and treated by Dr. Casement, who.sent him to the hospital for a couple of days. The Northern ' Conner : — "It is generally conceded that Mr. Jones' conduct of the defendant's case in the libel. ..action was masterly in the extreme, and it is generally admitted now ' that he is oiie of the smartest lawyers outside of Sydney." The Marine Board last week gave its decision in connection with the foundering of the schooner Buby off Newcastle on November 17. The Board, after carefully considering the facts, was of opinion tbat there was no evidence upon which to found a' charge of default against the master, Peter Young Petersen. After being bamboozled by a Pro tectionist Government for some years regarding the construction of a bridge over the Macleay' Biver at Kempsey, the Macleay Chronicle (a Protectionist newspaper), now expects the Beid Government to construct a bridge straight away, and in default of th&ir; . doing so, suggests an agitation for the separation of the north coast districts ! If the bridge is given, of course separ ation would not be thought of — and the other northern districts could languish, for all the Chronicle cares. — M. B. Times. 