Held over. — Owing to pressure on our space, we have been compelled to hold over our correspondent's letter from Geraldton, and other important items. Political.— We have been asked to call attention to the next meeting of the Progressive Political League which is to bo held at Jacoby's Hall on Wednesday the 14th inst. Register four claims. — Wo would remind our readers that this is the last woek in which they can present their claims to have their names inserted in the electoral rolls of the colony. It is every man's duty to see that his name is on the roll, aud he who neglects this mat ter is guilty of a crime to his followmen. Bazaar at Fbemantle. — The bazaar held in Fremantle last week, the pro ceeds of which go to the building fund of the North Fremantle Assisted School, had a gratifying success. The takings amounted to £92, a result hardly less due to the energy and perseverance of those who organized ihe bazaar than to the generosity of the public. Police Promotions. — It is announced that Sub-Inspector Clifton is to take charge of the Bunbury district, and Sub- Inspector Newlands of the Plantagenit district. This is a bolt from the blue,, as well no doubt, as a blow to the " blue." Sub-Inspector Newlands, we imagine, is some wandering star which has just made its appearance on our horizon. His name is new to the roll of the police force. Where has he been modestly hiding what n»U3t be the very conspicuous merits which have entitled him to the comfort able position which the Government has found for him ? Sub-letting. — A meeting of over a hundred men connected with the build ing trades was held on the Recreation Ground on Thursday last to try and de vise means to abolish the system of sub letting. From the remarks that fell from the speakers it seems that this matter is of a very serious nature and one that is causing the' growth of sweating in our midst. The outcome of the meeting was that a deputation will wait upon the Minister for Works to urge upon him the necessity, of seeing that the clause forbid ding sub-letting in Government contracts be vigoursly adhered to. Death from Exhaustion. — The dead body of a man was found on the York- road, a few miles from southern Cross. A paper bearing the addross, " Mrs. A. B. Robins, Federal Hotel, Fremantle," was found on the body. From informa tion received by the police, there is very little doubt as to the identity of the body. It seems that tho deceased, Mr. A. B. Robins, was formerly employed, as ;t draper by a Fremantle firm, but last Thursday he left Fremantle for Southern Cross. Mr. Robins generally enjoyed good health, and it is thought that his de mise is due to exhaustion. Education Question.— Ac a meeting of the Central Council of the Progressive Political League, held on Wednesday la3t, the Rev. E. T. Dunstan moved that " Free Secular and compulsory Education become one of the planks of the League's platform." In the course of his remarks he said that religion was a luxury, and if required people should pay for it as they would have to do for any other luxury. Mr. G. Chitty Baker in a lengthy speech strongly opposed the motion. It was, after some discussion decided to allow the matter to stand over until the next meet ing of the Council, which will be held im mediately after Parliament has dis solved. Bushfirb. — A tremendous bushfire occurred during last week, at Mullewa, destroying a great portion of vegetation at Wolga. The cause of the conflagration i3 unknown. The flames raged for three days, and in the second leaped the three parallel roads which lie between the places mentioned/ On the northern road a narrow escape was experienced by a car rier named Estlewood and his three com panions, the latter being a married man and his wife and daughter. The fire encountered the party very suddenly while they were passing through a denso scrub. Luckily, Estlewood remembered a patch of burnt ground sorao distance in the rear, and with some difficulty galloped his five cart horses back to it. The lady of the party was walking, some distance -ahead, and was suddenly con- lion red by a wall of fire, which appeared as if it had sprung from . the soil. She had an exciting race with the flames, for about thirty feet, but being to windward she escaped with nothing worse than a severe shock and a slight Binging, The people were kept in their haven of re fuge for nearly three hours, and were nearly smothered by tho smoke. Vic torian TLxpress. The Sui'PKESsior. or Pugilism.— The 4 1 pug " is not to be allowed to capture Perth withont a struggle.' Of late he has been very much in evidence. Flaming posters have with too much frequency announced contests between light-weights, middle-weights, and heavy-weights, and certain names have been assiduously for ced upon the public as those of men who have made a 44 reputation " somewhere or other. In due course these have been followed by . newspaper reports in which the barbarous doings pf the 44 ring " were deseribed in the jargon which it affects. This sort of thing quickly aroused the indignation of a large section of the people of Perth, who determind to try whether they could not make their city an undesirable place of residence for the men who make a living by endeavouring to thump each other out of all semblance of humanity. A movement for the sup- J pression of pugilism was set on foot, and on Monday last a meeting to consider the necessary steps was held in the school room attached to the Anglican Cathedral. The Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith took the chair. Amongst the speakers were the chairman, Justice Stone, the Rev. G. E. Rowe, Mr. G. Randell, Professor Walker, and several others. The subject was discussed very impartially. A strong distinction was drawn by most of the speakers between boxiug and prize-fight ing, and while the useful educative effects of the former were freely admitted, prize-fighting was declared to be sordid in motive, brutal in its accompaniments and brutalizing in its effects upon those who witnessed it. Professor Walker, speaking as an expert, gave some valuable and curious evidence as to the way in which boxing contests have been some times carried on in Perth. Of late he said, these contests have been simply fights- slogging matches, such as occur in a arunK&n; screec row. ow giue» uoou were small, and he had seen the men put ting them on, working back the padding until when the hand was clinched there was only the skin of the glove covering the fist. Severe injuries were sometimes inflicted. He believed there was now in Perth a man suffering from paralysis, the result of such injuries. As an outcome of this meeting, on the following day a deputation consisting of Sir James G. Lee Steere, M.L.A., the Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith, the Revs. F. J. Price, G. E. Rowe, and E, Tremayne Dunstan, Mr. G. Randell, M.L.C.. Mr. G. Clyde, M L.C., Mr. S. S. Parker, Mr. Turner, Mr. F. A. Moseley, Mr. Iliingworth, Mr. 0. H. Wilkinson, Mr. J. T. Kevern, Mr. J. Elliott, and Professor Walker, waited upon the Colonial Secretary. Having heard a number of speakers, Mr. Parker in reply detailed what he and the police authorities had done in the matter, gave his own experiences as a witness of prize-fights here and elsewhere, doubted whether there was auy occasion for a public meeting, pointed out the difficulty of distinguishing a simple boxing con test from a prizo-fight, and promised that in future when the contest was of such a character that this doubt arose, the police would prosecute. The deputation thanked the Colonial Secretary aud pro ceeded to wait upon the mayor in his par lour at the Town Hull. Mr. Forrest ex pressed his sympathy with the object of the deputation and promised, if on con sultation with theCity Solicitor he found he had the power, that steps should be taken to bring in a by-law to scop prize-fighting. 