L DettrutifiBve ithflras.J' SS.tae 1 i~ l wit wit,,,d lhef tti'ny of three blhfiree in the ' ueigh~irh,.d which were-olte;aled with thi ddestruc Itin ,ifi liirg q'-antil y it arass, fnoine nif timber. ' The first L:at attracted I!ttention xtarted in Mr James O'Lrien'e |n-aldiok on tile nor h side of the South Jowt.trfield Road, and at the Ihak of !he Wtapplonitake Stte Schoil, The. Inrike rose in thick vulumnn aBiWve the .l'Iv.r aIngie, and being nloticed iby the townspeoplo a large nimbei' of ihenu, togtether with a laige unmber of the ieideiits tf Costerfield, and. s*iroundilng locality repaired to the scene of the fire to render assistance, rho wind il owing from the north at t.ie lime toards the aiterftield Road, swept the fire through! the whole of lessrs. O'lBien's and J. Ashwor th's paddocks and a portion of Mr J. Richardbon's paddock, the last named being oo'uloial by Mr W, Sexton, and in ,,no:her direction-the whole of Mr *. flyland's pAiddock, a good deal of fencing also being burnt. The. fire rosased the road into the corner of Mr O'Bri;tn'a horestead paddock, and then into Ar J. ris8well'& padilock, a few acres of grass and tome fencing being hluroi. The .ira was first' ?o.iced to cross the road by Mas James Young, who called out!, and there being number of people about, they sioon came to the rescue and extinguished the fire in time to save a large extent of property. On the suine day a fire- started on Mr J. Peil's proprty on the loft hand side of tio Major's Line Road going from Heathcote, hurning Mr Pee's paddock pretty well out. From there it swept into a selection of Mr James O'Brien, destruying a quantity of feneini, as well as the grass on both properties. On Monday, on which day a terribly s:rong south wind was blowing, a tire which had been burning for a lew days near Mr WV. Henly's, on the Majora Line, swept down from there to a paddock known ua Milne's, and now owned by Mr D. Sims, which wit savad with creat difficulty. From there it travelled to the Major's Line Iload towardls the Messrs Devanny's, burning the old lajor's Line Station fence from one end to the other, and in another direction to within about half a mile of Mr Phillip Dfoyer's, burning some hundreds of acres of grass and timber in the Stats Forest there. The wind changing a little brought the fire down towards Mr Peel's, where a track was burnt in advance along the road to prevent it crossing the road and getting into Pickles's Gully. If the fire had got into this gully, it was considered there was not the least doubt but it wnuild have swept the whole (of the property along the Wappentake Creek. On Monday afternoon another fire started at the south end of Mr G. R. M'Donald's paddock on the east side of the LM'vor Ranges, burning a quantity of grass and some fencing. and a small corner of Mr H, R.Pulling's plddock adjoining it on tW,- South sillei...This-3 fire .ia supposeito have b?we?i'rated by boys ont slo tjniIg, but the brigin of the others is a '?sterj. In addition t, private pro prty the fires are estimated to have swept over about 3,000 acres of State 'orest. Altogether, there were stated to be alhut 200 peolh , assisting at the fires, including several wovmen, many of the men working both liight a:nd day. Thos assistiny c innot 'a too highly ipraised fur the valuable work they did. The work at times waE very hard and dirfiiult, l .iile so by the abundance oft' e herbage, the strong winds and the inteitas heat floni the tires, it often heing impossible ftr the workers to get before them. Much praise is also due to those who stIpPliedfretrehments and eatables fir the wurkers, both by those whose prop rties were being burnt cr in danger, and other generously disposed persons. On Monday the fire in Mr M'Don:ild's paddock was visited by some; ladies from Heathcote. There were several mishaps, bht fortunately without serious results, Mrs H. Smith, ofBendago and two Misses Palling, were driving home along the Costerfield road ion Saturday. The fire was cross ing the road at the time, and as they hurried throughl it their buggy rug became ignited, and was thrown out of the trap a burning mass. The skirts of their dresses, and the bodice of Mrs Smith's dress also caught fire, and the horse singed, and although nearly overcome by the smoke and intense heat, ?ce ladies fortunately succeeded in getting through, though their position ftr the time was a most perilous one. On Monday at the fire 'at Mr lM'Donald'a paddock, there were a few mni-happ . Tlhe pole of a buirgy .int -whih .'were seated aoma young He;ithcote residents was broken, thr.msgh the vehicle colliding wih same tobtacklo. Mr H. D. Thomas, Secretary ol the Shira, also had a narrow escape of being dtalshd against a tree, through the saddle beingjerked roenil out of pilaoe as he was turning a irner in tihe road at a smart pace. lie managed however, to get clear of the horse just in time to prevent the catastrophe, falling close to the tree, and escaping with a slight shaking. At the different fir'es there were numierous instances or' tile workers' clothes hecoming ignited, tand some where they were all'o.at overcomea by exhaustion, consequent on the intense ifeat and s.noke, but without serious result. The exact amtint of damage done by the fires cannot at present be stated. On Monda.y fires were noticed in the direction'i of Meadow Valley and Cornella,! and yesterday in the directionaof Tooborac. CAUTIo.--PURBCHA SERS of OLARKgE' BLOOD MIXTURE should see that they get the geonine article. Worthless imitati.n aie somaetimos palmed off by unprincipled Vi£.:.:S 