AN AUSTRALIA!) STORY Br O'Donogta's Patient, BY GOODWIN. « Are you there?" A sharp voice speaking through the tele phone. , _ "Csti you bear roe? Well, I want a nune within an hour, For what case?" "Mental. Docile patient and young. A lady." ' At what address?" "Henzies' Hotel. Ask for Mr Vernon." 41 What doctor attending P" "Myself"— here followed the name of Dr O'Donoghue, and the bell rung off. Well within the hour, for the superintendent of the n arses' home had drilled as into prompt ness/ the waiter showed me into a sitting- room at Men nee', and a tall man name forward to greet me. 44 Well, nurse," he said, eyeing me keenly, a compliment I repaid in kind. " I'm glad you came so miickly, as the doctor will be hereeoon, and I wish yon to see him before going op to the patient," "That is a coarse I always prefer," I said, shortly. "Shall I wait bare for the doctor?" "Yea; and I'll tell yon all there is to tell aboottbe patient. But sit in this easy chair. Yon look tired." He took my valise from me and drew forward a chair kindly, bnt as he did so, I thought I bad never seen a lees kind face. 44 You look very young for a nurse," he said, vieing me thoughtfully. This remark I was accustomed to and hated, for I always fancied a doubt of my competency lurked beneath. "I'm twenty-six," I said, tartly, " and have bad five yean' experience— two" years in the Alfred Hospital, and three spent .in nursing private cases." 44 I'm sure you will manage this case suc cessfully, ".he said, 44 but it will, I fear, be a long one. The patient is my wife's cousin, and i unfortunately there is hereditary insanity in -the family. My wife and I have been travelling with her for several months in hope that change of scene might benefit her, but she still has fixed delusions, and now her general health seems failing. I think myself she has always been better without medical treatment, and I intended trying how she would do with out it, with only oar care. But she became so violent one night at another hotel we were staving at, that the landlady sent for Dr 0Donohue ; and as he insists he can effeot a cure, I must let him have a try." He bit bis lips as he spoke, and a savage look of chagrin was on his face for s moment. That quickly passed, and he resumed spoaking in his smoothly pleasaut voice. " The doctordeclares she will do better with strangers; so, against myown better judgment, I have consented to try his plan. He has made arrangements for your taking m»m Cameron soon to a farmhouse. The farmer is an old patient of bis, and he sayB you will both be well boused and taken care of. I hope so." Jost then the loud voice of the doctor made itself beard, cheerfully shouting down the oor- ridor: 44 No. 23? All right, waiter; I know my way," and bringing into the close room a pleasant, bracing outdoor atmosphere, in rolled an old friend of mine, tbe well- known Dr O'Donoghue. He abook bands with me in his cheery, rapid way, and then drew Mr Vernon apart. 41 About that horse, Vernon and then en sued a conversation to which I paid little need, save to notice that Mr Vernon seemed to know the doctor's weak points and to play to them. 44 And now about the patient," said the medical man at last, hurriedly. "Told the nnree about her, Vernon ?" "Yea." "Well, come atong, nurse, then, and be in stalled, Splendid little nurse, Vernon!" he shouted, as we went along tbe passage ; 14 make Miss Cameron right in no time." Bnt this I doubted when I saw my new patient. She was seated by her window, look- tag down moodily at the great tree ferns in the court-yard. and (after one apathetic look at the doctor and one of fear at me, when I removed my cloak, and she caught Gigbt of my uniform) she sat thus during all the doctor's visit. His questions sne left unanswered, and his commendations of me as 44 a nice cheerful com panion I've got for you," she only scornfully railed at Tbe room had another leading oat of it, and, jostaethedoctorrosetoleave,thedoorfrom opened and in came a lady, who was introduced to me as Mtb Vernon. Certainly, there was as little love between the cousins as there was I likeness, for the moment she appeared, life sprang into my patient's eyes— life, hatred, passion, transforming the pale girl for a moment. But that quicklv faded out, and again llstleee eyes looked wearily down on the ferns, Mrs Vernon was certainly a handsome woman ; and now I saw why the doctor, usually eo busy, had made au unnecessarily long call. I knew well his keen appreciation of pretty women. He liked them fair, fat- and far from forty. Tbe last item especially important, for, as he confided to me one day, 44 AU women over forty ought to be shut up or shot." Also, he liked chauge, nod I knew that at that time not a single pretty nurse was nursing for him ; so the poor man's mind must have indeed been dull. Here he evidently found amusement. He rushed into an animated conversation with the sewoomer, and I went up to Miss Cameron aud touched her gently on the arm. She looked at me with great, startled eyes. 44 Wou't you come into the iuner room and lie down ?" 1 said ; 44 you look so tired." She rose auu followed me. 44 Whet do you really think about Miss Ounerou, nurse ?" said the doctor to me, two days later, when we were alone. 44 She 16 insane," I answered. 41 Foot little thing ! She has melancholy, undoubtedly, but I don't notice any fixed dclusious so far." 44 How do you address her— by what name, I mean ?" " As Miss Cameron, of course." 4 Does she respond to that name ? I hesitated. 44 Well, no ; I fancy she does not. I re member she asked me, when I had only been | with her a few hours, to call her 4 Hetty.' That is strange, for Mrs Vernon says her ua me 1 is 4 Ursula.' " 44 Well, there, you see, is one fixed delusion," void the doctor, dryly, 41 and you'll find sbohas | more. Look oat for suicidal tendencies. Mrs Vernon says she has none, and has been too careless in watching her, I fancy. Vernon and I have bad one or two 6haip disputes about it, I will have her carefully watched, and if it's too much for you, they'll have to get another none to help you. I'm not going to let this little thing slip through my fingers. Dy Jove,' added tbe doctor with feeling, 44 she's too pretty to die !" 44 Not so pretty as her sister F " I queried mischievously. 44 Ten times as pretty, but sot half as baud- come, ' said the doctor. 44 Now, look here, none, Mrs Vernon is a handsome woman, but 1 don't half like her, and I talk to her as muob to draw her out as for any other reason. »She means mischief to her cousin, that I'm sure of, and so I've determined to put tbe patient out of her reach. Veruon was unwilling at first, hut I threatened to throw up the case, aud he seems anxious to avoid scandal, or any public talk about the case." 44 1 can't endure the man," I said; 44 he has nth a shifty face, but I fancy he is not eo cruel as his wife. She often looks at Miss Cameron quite savagely." "Hm»m, Yes, I've noticed that. Well, take care of the poor little thing. Good-day." I -And the doctor was off. That day week my charge and I were stand ing at the Shepparton railway etation, and, really, I felt nearly as disconsolate as she looked when I surveyed the scene. I must say 1 saw it dimly through eyes blinded, not with tears, bnt dust. 44 Let no one complain of the Melbourne dust till they've compared it with that of Shepparton during tbe summer. Ho one, however, can cast a stone at the place, for there isn't tbe smallest pebble even in tbe neighborhood. Nothing bnt dust— duBt that one could not hake off one's feet. However, soon the buggy belonging to the fanner at whose bourn we were to be boarders appeared, and we were -driven off in it I began to wonder why on earth Mr Vernon fid the doctor had chosen this part of the fififitry, but oeased to when we drove along ' the river for then I saw that even there lurked spots of loveliness. Water scenery always had a great charm for me, and before I left the district I had loarnt to love the stately Goulburn. ,1 think Its greatest charm, perhaps, lies in the ffrat trees which stretch across from bank to bank, or stud silhouetted against tbe sky in "Ju and graoefol outline. Paradise Farm was a low, rambling wooden Ofise, with a beautiful fruit garden attached. My friend and I had a semi-detached block of hree rooms, on a little rise which ovethung a large reach of the river. The bed rooms looked out on the water, and I was very annoyed to find that this was the case, for I thought it a foolish choice of bedrooms for a suicidal patient. Mrs Vernon had chosen them, and, in colo nial parlanoe, I felt 1 44 owed her one " for doing so. Well, a month passed, I grew fond of Hetty, bnt piqued that she would not oonfide in me her trouble. I felt convinced eome real grief was hers. What? I wondered. If she never told me aught of her past life I could never find out or help her. At last, one day I suddenly learned much. I had brought her a letter addressed to hen by Mra Vernon. 44 Miss Ursula Cameron "was ou the envelope. After reading it she burst into tears. We were sitting by the river, and she flung herself ongth er&bs; in a passion of eobs. I knelt by her and comforted her. 44 Do tell me, Mjw Cameron, what distresses you so? " She sat up suddenly, flung off mv hands fiercely aod cried, not Miss Cameron ! Never call me eo again. 1 won't submit to it." 44 Very well, dear, very well," I said, soothingly. 44 1 am Mrs Vernon," she said, passionately. 44 That — that woman is Ursula Cameron, my cousin, and I — I — God be my witness, I am Maurice Vernon's wife !'4 I looked at the girl, A wild tight was in her eyes, but not tbe light of insanity. Suddenly it was borne in on me that her words were true. And, yet, somehow I could not believe her totally sane, for I had so often eeen the fnrtive look, so common to lunatics, strongly marked in her face. But was she a wronged woman, insane from cruel treatment, and from brooding over real wrongs? If so, her nurse should be her i guardian. I drew her down into my arms. 44 Dear," I said, 44 tell me everything, and if you have been wronged, I will be your friend, and eo will Dr O'Donoghue." 44 Ah!" she said, despairingly. 44 But he thinks me mad. So do yon. Perhaps I am. T often think so, too. I have wfld dreams, and I feel as if I must get by myself and then I never can. Ah! I know you do your duty to watch me so. You are afraid I shall kill myself. Perhaps I shall some day. What have I to live for ? Onoe he loved me, once I dreamed that my arms were to hold a little coolog babe. But now my arms are empty—" she stretched them widly out— "and my husband unfaithful— tired of a fretting, ailing wife." 44 How did it happen, Hetty ?" 44 How? Ah! how can a mad girl'sbrain count back with certainty ? I only remember my baby's coming and then that it was gone, it had only lived two short weeks, they told me. Then there seemed a long blank with only my cousin's face in it She bad always loved Maurice and now she told me he loved her. 44 1 remember her bending down over the bed. and how her blun eyes flushed as sbea said 4 Poor, puny thing. Did you never guees it was for money he married you r' 44 1 shrieked and pushed her from me, and then I rememberonly darkness, with cruel faceagleam- ing out of it at me. Then the darkness passed, and I was on a ehip. Maurice was with me and Ursula, always Ursula, and a strong, tall woman, Ursula— always Ursula, but Maurice called her Hetty my own old name, and he said it was not mine— had never been, that mine was Ursula, hers Hetty, and that she was his wife. And when in my despair I shrieked out, the strong old woman came to me and tied me in my bunk. Tell me, tell me, am Irnad— ? I hardly know. Yet, my head aches so— if I co-Id but get to the river to cool it." Dr O'Donoghue was with me & few days later. 1 had sent for him, for my patient had been so wild and slept so badly. 1 told him her disjointed story. 44 She's mad right enough, nurse," he said, pacing the room excitedly. 44 But I'll stake my life on it, she's been badly treated. Vernon and Mrs Vernon have been in Sydney for the last month, and tbere are queer surmises about them. Directly I took this case in hand I scented mischief, and I've instituted enquiries in England through a detective agency. Next mail I expect information. I have some already, and if affaire turn out ae I fancy, I'll put tbe police ou Veruon. Wire ine if you want me and watch her closely." Mr and Mrs Vernou turned uo a week after the doctor's visit. They seemed very anxious to be alone with the patient, ana evinced great concern about my health, which, they felt sure, must be suffering from such close attention to my patient. But I stuck to my post, and, if I left Miss Cameron at all, always put Mrs Field, the former's wife, in my place. One very hot day I did this, and laid down in my own room, which adjoined the patient's. 4 Waking from a short eleep, I heard a tapping sound on the shore of the reach, and, looking out of my window, saw Mr Vernon bending over a boat. I took very little notice, for I was very sleepy, and I lay down again. Presently I woe once more aroused. There was a raging hot wind at the time, and now came borne on it a scorching eroell. I knew bush-fires were raging in the valley, and, hurriedly dressing, went out. I met Mrs Field coming out of Hetty's room with a very pale face. 44 I'm glad you've come," she said, 44 1 must be off. The whole valley's alight, they say, aud Jim is burning off round the bouse. The boys are all out 4 beating off.' The green trees in the fruit garden may save the house, but the farm buildings will all go. It's not many miles off now, and the wind is oar way." She spoke with calmness, poor woman, and bnstled off to get oatmeal water made for the men. Mrs Vernon, who was not ill -natured in some ways, helped her carry it to the half-fainting men who were 44 beating out" a few miles off, and they were riding to and fro all through the hot eveuing and night. The wiud fell at mid night, but there was no rain, and in the morn ing again sprang up the hostile wind, and now I could plainly hear the crash of tbe falling timber, and see the lovely lurid flames leap from tree to tree. . Mr Vernon bad helped manfully all night, and now was brought back ill, and for some time passed from one fainting fit into another. My poor tittle patient was very still, and clung to me with a glad tight iu her eyes, I saw she thought Death was coming, and wel comed him as a friend. At last the out buildings -caught and the farmer came to us. 41 Not a miuute to be lost," he said to me. " Get Miss Cameron ready. We must have out the boats and go on the reach, for the house will catch." So I told her. She understood ana came calmly. She and I got into one boat with Mrs Field, two childreu aud a man servant. We pushed out ; aud, smiling, Hetty dappled her hands in the water, and lay back against She loved rowing on the lake, and often lately, against my wish, Mr Vernon had rowed us out. We went geuerally, however, iu a smaller boat The Gipsy. Mr Vernon (I must mention; was a strong swimmer, and always declared that if Hetty did jump overboard ho could save her, even ii she willed otherwise. The Gipsy was the next Ivoat launched, and into it got Mrs Vernon and Alice, a maid servant. They were both dressed alike, for Mrs Vernon had given her one of her wrappers to put on in the hurry. The fanner went back to the house to fetch Mr Vernon. „ _ Our two boats pulled out. We pulled straight for the centre of the lake, but Mrs Veruon, who was tired, let her boat drift a little, so we got separated. We were quite in tbe middle of the lake when we heard a scream from her boat, and both Mrs Yeruou and Alice shouted together, but the noice of the falling trees and the roaring of the wind prevented one hearing the words. Then came more cries from tbe bank, and I e&w; that Mr Vernon aud the farmer wore wildly gesticulating. Then they leapt into the boat and began to pull towards ue. No! Towards Mrs Ver- Strange to say, her boat had made but tittle progress. Mra Field looked frightened. 44 1 do believe theGipsy's sinking,'' shesaid,andwe pulled fast towards it. We were nearing rapidly, eo rapidly that we heard Mrs Vernon's wild cry, 44 Maurioe . and the sobs of the servant maid, when Bud- denlv the Gipsy keeled over and sank ! Now, with a wild leap, the flames caught our old rooms, overhanging the water. They illumined the agonised face of Maunoe Vernon as he leaped into the water and swam wildly to where the Gipsy had been. And, seeing the awful remoise on his face, I guessed tbe truth, He had yesterday tampered with the boat Plotting Hetty's death, fell retribution had befallen him, and by his own hands he had oompsssed the death of the woman ha loved. But he was a good swimmer and diver. Could he save her yet P „ , A shout of triumph from the farmer. Vernon was ringing to the boat, and a woman in a crimson wrapper was on his arm. Jusf then a clumsy rower let his oar sbp. It struck the struggling man— be loosed his I hold and felt back like a log into the water. I But the woman was rescued— and— she waB i Alice, the maidservant !" j It was a long time before Hetty fully re covered from the shock of that awful night. I nursed her for many months until her friends in England had been communicated with. A strange story hers. It seems that finding her recovery from pueperal insanity improbable, her husband had formed ene wild plan of taking her abroad, representing her to the trustees of her father's will ae cured and still living, and regularly drawing her income under forged orders, Me&owhQe; his old love figured as hie wife, and made quite a sensation in colonial society. This she oould do abroad. Among her own cirole at home eho would never have consented to live a tife of shame ; but eo long as she figured as his wife, and consequently was treated with respect, she was content. But she tired of her rival's face, and, in view of that rival's possible return to sanity, the position was too precarious. So they conspired against the poor child's life. Well, the cloud that broke over tbe einners cleared the sky for the sinned against. Slowly, but surely, Hetty fought her way hack to sanity. Onoe more the ran shone for her. She is Dr O'Donoghue's happy wife now, and baa been for nearly four years. Next to him she loves me, I think, hut there is 44 someone" she loves better than either. She sometimes comes to see me in the country hospital I am now matron of, and brings this 44 someone" with her. 44 Someone" is just two y son old now. 41 Someone" has yellow hair, fat legs, stout fists, blue eyes, strong lungs. 1 What ia bis name? Well, his mother called him 44 Theodore" (gifts of God), but the doctor hates tbe name, ana will always style him just " the O'Donoghue." 