VILLAGE SETTLEMENT. The Minister of Lands has received the report of Mr Geo Wílson, of Richmond, who was appointed by the Government to inspect the sites proposed for village settle ment in the south of the Colony, Mr Wilson says: - I have the honour to report that in ac cordance with instructions received from you on the 19th ultimo I proceeded to Esperance and arrived there on Friday, 21st. On Saturday, 22nd ult, in company with Mr Innes went to inspect a large area of land lying about three miles back of Esperance. It is on an average good soil, and I think the land cannot be beaten. It is a rich black soil, vegetable with a clay bottom, heavily timbered with large stringy bark and swamp gum trees-first class for sawing or splitting purposes. It is nearly all covered with a dense scrub, consisting of sassafras, pear tree, musk, and the usual description of undergrowth. I saw several selections already upon it and the people working well to make a living. I suppose the land could be scrubbed and -burned off fit for grass at, say, 30s to 40s per acre. There are several thousand acres of the same description there - some broken and others fairly level, well watered by small creeks; aspect principally easterly. This land is well adapted for ordinary settlement, but not the village settlement. On Monday, 24th ult Mr. Innes and self went over to Bruny in Mr. Innes' boat, and returned the following night. Inspected land at Bruny. Commencing about three miles back from the water really first class land. Black soil 2ft. or 3ft. deep - same places more - all vegetable, with a clay subsoil; very large trees, stringy bark, swamp gum, and some blue gum; first-class for sawing or splitting purposes. I also saw a lot of blackwood and wattle trees fit for splitting, staves, etc; also sassafras trees. A dense scrub over all the land - peartree, musk, tree fern, and the usual description of scrub. The land -Two or three thousand acres of this description would do well for the ordinary Farmer, but not for the village settlement. The land is well watered by creeks, with a westerly aspect. 27th.-Proceeded to Hastings in company with Mr. Hay No. 3. Inspected No 1 as marked on the chart. It is good land, and fairly level, and in time, when cleared out, would make a good dairy farm, as there are several hundred acres, bottom land. The trees dead from effects of bushfires; it would take some trouble to clear it for grass. The timber where green is principally stringy bark, but not of much value. Well watered. North and Eastern Aspect - Adapted for the ordinary Farmer, but not for the village settlement. No. 2. A good blook of land, heavily tim bered, but most of the good timber taken off for mill purposes. The portion of land next the Lune River, some 500 acres, is really first-class land, but, I think, subject to flood when the Lune River is in flood. I believe it would make a good dairy farm in time, as the land oould bo scrubbed and burned off and sown with grasses. The scrub is very heavy-usual description. The trees have been very numerous, I suppose some thing like 30 per acre, but all the good timber, or nearly all, has been taken for mill purposes. The stumps still standing, so it would not be so hard to clear as if all the trees were still standing; this land well watered, with an Eastern aspect, well adapted for the ordinary Farmer, but not the village settlement. No. 3 I consider well adapted for the village settlement, being situate midway between Hustings and Southport. A good road between these two places. There is already a slab road leading to block No. 3. This block of land is grand soil, some very black, other chocolate with a clay subsoil, it has a forest of large trees-blue gum, stringy bark, and swamp gum, good for either sawing or splitting; also wattle for splitting staves. There is a dense forest growing all over it, consisting of peartree, musk, sassafras, and the usual undergrowth. The large trees are not numerous to the acre-perhaps about 10-so it could be scrubbed, that is the scrub cut and burned off for from 30s. to 40s. per acre to make it fit to sow grass seed on, The land has an eastern aspect, and it is fairly level, good water running through the block. This block of land, I believe, is situated in the best place that can be selected for the village settlement. It is good land and adapted for orchards or agriculture in any branch; a good climate; two schools, either of which is only about two miles from the land; Telegraph and Post Office same distance. DISTRICT SURVEYOR'S REPORT. The following report upon the same locality has been forwarded to the Surveyor General, Mr E. A. Counsel, by the District Surveyor, Mr E G Innes:- As you are aware during the last week I have been engaged in company with Mr Wilson, the gentleman instructed by the Government to report on their behalf on the Crown Lands in this District supposed to be available for village settlement, and have pointed out and examined the following blocks: - Mr Wilson arrived at Esperance on Friday, the 21st ult, and on the following day (Saturday) we decided to examine the country in the vicinity of the public works road known as Puller's Road The road has been recently cleared and partly constructed by the Public Works De partment and leads into Crown Lands in the vicinity of the selections of Messrs Bowden and others We visited several selections so as to enable Mr. Wilson to see the improvements made upon them, and also to give him a fair idea of the cost of clearing, etc. and -also to enable him to examine the nature of the soil, which can be done in a far more satisfactory manner upon a clearing than in the middle of a dense scrub. There is a large area of good land in this vicinity well suited for settlement in the ordinary course of selection, but we decided that it was too rough and heavily timbered to admit of its being used for the purposes for which we were more particularly exploring. As to the nature and quality of the soil, Mr Wilson's Report will give further par ticulars, but in general it consists of a rich loam in the gullies and ravines changing to a chocolate on the hill sides, mixed with a little stone, generally basalt, here and there, but nothing of any consequence. On Monday, the 24th, we left Esperance by boat for South Bruny, vicinity of Little Taylor's Bay, reaching our destination that afternoon, when, after fixing our camping ground, we despatched a messenger to acquaint Mr E. Dillon, who was to report upon behalf of the Ladies' Committee, of our arrival, and request his attendance upon the following morning. During the remainder of the afternoon Mr. Wilson and myself had a look at some land in the near vicinity of our camp. Darkness found us back at the camp and our messenger, who had arrived first, in formed us that Mr. Dillon had unfortuuately been called away that morning by the illness of a near relative, and that there was no certainty when he would return. However, in the course of our wanderings that evening, we had fallen across Mr. J. Conley, who has a selection near there, and he kindly offered to act as guide on the following day. We left camp early on Tuesday morning and met Mr. Conley as per agreement, and at once proceeded to the land in question On our way we passed through several selections, all more or less improved, and most of them apparently containing excel lent land, a rich chocolate soil on a clay sub soil, and soon reached the Crown Land. in the same vicinity Those lands ure situate on the western slopes of the range of hills which forms the divide between the east and west shores of the island and in the flats in the immediate vicinity of that range. They are heavily timbered with a splendid forest consisting of blue gum, (Eucalyptus globulus), stringy bark (Eucalyptus gigantia), swamp gum (Eucalpytus amygdaina), to gether with a considerable quantity of blackwood (Acacia M) and silver wattle (Acacia D), the undergrowth generally con sisting, of musk, peartree, sassafras, tree ferns, and the usual indigenous scrubs. A great deal of this timber is very fine, especially the stringy bark (E. gigantia), those large denizens of the forest often towering to a heignt of 100ft or 150ft clear of a limb, with a nice clear, round, trunk, so that it is a magnificent forest for sawing purposes. A large quantity of first class palings have been obtained from the swamp gum forest standing upon this area, and no doubt there ia still a large quantity obtainable. The gum and stringy bark forests are all interspersed, more or less, with blackwood and wattle, the former timber being of a very superior quality. This area is well watered by several fine streams, and consists generally of a light to very deep chocolate upon the hillside and slopes, changmg to a rich black loam in the flats. Area at a rough guess, say 1,500 to 2,000 acres. This land commences about 3 miles from the jetty at Daniel's Bay, and extends south easterly towards the coast. It is well adapted for all the ordinary pur poses of settlement, i.e., by selection in the usual manner, but both Mr. Wilson and myself came to the conclusion that owing to the heavy timber and rather isolated posi tion, it was unfit for the purposes of a Village Settlement. Not only this, but as there are signs of a revival in the timber trade at no distant date, it would be a great pity to see so fine a forest destroyed, as in all probability it would be, were the settlement located in its midst. Just before we left Bruny on our return journey, Mr. Dillon who had returned while we were exploring, turned up at our camp. We had a short conversation with him on the qualities of the soil, etc., and left for Esper ance at 6 p.m. reaching there about 11 o'clock that night. We had arranged to start for Hastings the following day (Wednesday), but it turned out very wet and cold and unfit for bush work, so it was decided to stay that day at Esperance and await the arrival of Mr. J. Hay, No. 3, who was to report on behalf of the Ladies' Committee upon the land in the immediate vicinity of Southport and Hast ings. Mr. Hay turned up the same evening, and on the following day (Thursday) he and Mr. Wilson proceeded to Hastings to examine the land in that vicinity, with what result Mr. Wilson's report will say. I again joined the party on Friday, the 28th, in the evening, and the following day proceeded to examine a large block of land which, although I have several times been over, I had overlooked in my former report to you, and it is to this block that I would especially draw the attention of the Hon. the Minister and the Ladies' Committee. The land in question is situate about half way between the township of Hastings and Southport, upon the northern side of the Main Road leading from Dover to Hythe, and is pierced from end to and by a slab road, a great portion of which was con structed some years since under the Mere dith scheme of public waorks. Although this road has fallen into disuse, and consequently is out of repair, still it is a really good road throughout, and at a moderate expense can be made available for the purposes of the proposed settlement. This land is watered by a never failing stream, has an east and south-eastern aspect, is not very heavily timbered, and is of first class quality, a great portion of it being, without exception, the very prime of the South, as it is a rich chocolate of great depth, and has a good clay sub-soil. On a former occasion, when I had an opportunity of examining it, I saw in several places, where large trees had been torn out by the roots, that the chocolate soil was exposed to a depth of several feet. Of course, in so large an area as I shall name, it will not be all found to be such first-class land, but the poor patches are few and far between, leaving any quantity of really first class land for the proposed site of the settle ment. The timber consisting of blue gum (E. Globulus), swamp gum (E. amygdalina), stringy bark (E. liberiana), silver wattle (A. dealbata), with here and there a blackwood (Acacia M.), doos not stand very thick. From 8 to 12 trees to the acre, I should think, would he generally a fair average, and as the other land has been worked over by splitters in former days it still contains a considerable quantity of timber that can be turned into marketable stuff, in the shape of shingles, posts and rails, staves, etc. As a whole, this block is fairly level, and not broken up into those deep ravines and gutters which are a drawback to settlement in so many of our unalienated Crown Lands, and consequently is well adapted for settlement in that way. There is a large block, at teo lowest estimate I should say not less than 2,500 acres, avail able, and in all probability considerably more, for I have crossed and recrossed it several times in the course of my peregrin ations through my District, and know that it extends more or less good from Southport, on the one hand, to the Creekson Rivulet, and thence to the west of D'Entre casteaux Channel. As to the qualities of land for the particular purpose of village settlement I feel you can obtain no better if you search Tasmania from one end to the other, us it is admirably adapted to the growth of fruit and vegetable crop, and not only this, it has natural advantages which I think are hardly obtainable elsewhere. 1st. It commences within two miles of a good deep-water port, has a good road to that port, and a jetty available for shipping all kinds of produce, heavy or light. 2nd. It is in the immediate vicinity of the main artery of traffic to the south of the island, which artery is, taking it as a whole, in a very fair condition. 3rd. It is situate midway between two State Schools, for it would not be more than 2½ miles from the school at either Hastings or Southport. There are Post aud Telegraph Offices within about the same distance at both the places mentioned, and under present arrangements the Royal Mail passes the pro posed site tri-weekly each way. Again, there is every probability of the sawmills at Hastings, Southport, and Ida Bay resuming work at no very distant date, and with those mills once started there wouid be almost a certainty of some of the settlers obtaining remunerative employment, and thus assist them to repay the ladies the money ad vanced, and make the settlement a per manent success. Not only this, once the mills are started there would be employment , for a large population, and this would afford a market for any surplus produce, which, judging from past experience, I have little doubt would be disposed of at prices that would be satisfactory to all concerned. Last but, not least, I presume, as the ladies have been at considerable trouble and expense to raise funds to support their scheme, that it will not be unreasonable to suppose that they will from time to time visit the settlement and see the fruits of their labours. This in the situation named can be easily done, for with a small steamer of decent speed and fine weather it only means a run of 5 or 6 hours from the Hobart Wharf to the Wharf at Southport, and, what is generally of very great importance, smooth water nearly the whole of the way. Once landed upon the Southport Jetty it only means a walk of a little over half an hour, along an almost level road, and the site of the settlement would be reached, so that in the long summer days, by making an early start in the morning, the settlement could be reached, a few hours spent there, and Hobart could be regained the same night, and this without any great exertion on the part of the visitors. As to cutting up the land for settlement, I would suggest that the Committee select their 500 acres in lots fronting upon the slab road named, or in its immediate vicinity, in lotsof whatever size may be deemed most desirable under the circumstances, giving to each lot the Government regulation frontage. If this were done I think there is enough frontage for at least 20 lots of 25 acres each or thereabouts, and then by expending money that may be available for roadma king purposes upon the road in question, it would give nearly every settler a road to his own door, which would mean a great gain as far as time goes, when clearing was com menced, and each and all would be benefited by the expenditure as for as the settlement goes, and beyond this, it would help to afford an outlet to the still-vacant Crown Lands in that vicinity, so that not only the actual settlers on the village, but the out side public would be benefited by the money that would be expended, which must all tend to the success of the settlement. Yours, etc, To this, Mr. Wilson appends the following memo,:-Having perused the foregoing remarks of Mr. E. G. Innes, I can endorse all he has written, as it is correct in every particular. 