NEWS IN BRIEF. Victorian. Seizure of cattle on the border. Stock Tax. - — < Thebot-fly has gone on to RoseSale and Foster. Typhoid on Hie increase. Diphtheria ; decreasing. Road traffic increasing in some portions of Gippsland. Bank of Victoria second meeting. Dividend five per cent. Large quantities of butter being sent sway from Mirboo North. v Collision reported on the Hue at Emu, . Donald. No one injured. The country party support the idea of Parliamentary day sittings. Chief Commissioner Chomley says the police don't want revolvers. The recent charities carnival at Balla - Kit realised a profit of U€>?. The Lilydale Shire Council is going to borrow L700 for public baths. Discount rate of the Melbourne As sociated Banks now 7 per cent. Mr lEUane determined to go on with his property distribution scheme. Coal lumpers' difficulty practically over. Men working at Is per hour. Difficult to obtain 2s 4£d for prime wheat at the grain sales on Tuesday. A syndicate forming at Casterton for -oal mining on. the Muhfcbam Estate. The Eaglenawk Council object to 9 per sent. for an overdraft. Sounds high. Bush fires reported all along the rail way between Castlemaine ana Bendigo. There is L9000 available for the War- racknabeal Water Trust. Happy Trust. About 300 appUcationsTeceivedfcr the blocks thrown open on Gunbower Island. "Poor selectors will be tenderly heated," Mr MTntyre assures the public. The Denton Mills Hat Factory Co. de clare a dividend at 10 per cent, per annum. Body of an infant found horribly mutilated on the Hawthorn railway on Tuesday. Three children named Hicks up Pyramid Hill way die from eating un ripe fruit.- Nearly 200 acres of green grass burned near Sunbury. Some fishing fools left a fire alight. Farmers up the North West way re ducing wages of farm hands to 18s and 15s a week. "Ministers come hoi grief over railways." eavs Mr Patterson. Most railway promises, most YGfces. Fatal mining accident at Rush worth. A miner named Arthur Penna killed by a fall of rubble . , Tne Patterson Government is not quite settled in its mind over the Pacific cable scheme: The directors of the P. and O. and Orient Companies decline to reduce the freight on butter. An Algerian oat crop at Bangerang, North- West, yields 741 bags off 60 acres of fallowed land. A prospector at New Zealand Hill, Foster, comes acros6 cement stone well clotted with gold. Edward Fletcher arrested at Ballarat on a charge of attempting to assault a girl under sixteen. The settlers in the Sassafras settle ment, Dandenong, form a committee for local improvements. Mr Patterson says that a combination of sheep-owners is wanted to make the frozen meat trade gee. Chaffey Brothers fix the rate of in terest on their proposed debentures at 41 instead of 5 per cent. " Its of no importance," says Mr Patter son Toots of the row between Mr Webb end the Commissioners. The search for the boy Head, lost at Pakenham, has been given up. Fallen into the swamp, probably. The work of eradicating diseased vines is being continued at Emu Creek, Axe Creek and the Sheepwa-qh. Air John Marland, of Barkley, Stawell, has lost the use of one eye by the acci dental fi p of a driving whip. The rates of interest in the Associated Banks, Melbourne, on fixed deposits have > been reduced by per cent. A temporary , suspension . of the Lotteries Act suggested in view of pro- perty distributions by chance. G old received at the Melbourne mint last week, 26,239 ounces. Value of gold coin and bullion issued, JL>78,021. Mr MTntyre says that 1668 persons have taken up 20,016 on acres the village ' communities system in Victoria. The good people of WarrnambooL Port Fairy and Portland, want to see the \- Vic orian warships now and then. According to Mr MTntyre, 1153 per sons have taken up 46,120 acres oE land in Victoria as homestead associations. Mr J. Jacks, Chief Locomotive In spector in the Railway-Department, re tires after -thirty- six years' service. , How atout eggs f , Last year some LIQ53 worth of eggs had to be imported -Executors, TrasfceesAgencyCoih- panypaysi dimdendiofclSt p: centi. Bh&'wrhfcs R25,©00 off 5the reserve tfund. fgas," is, the verdict of amember on the. question of da v sittings afthe Assembly. Mr Webb says that there is no division in the Cabinet on the matter of the neces- sity for a reduction of railway freights. Bush-fires have been raging between Castlemaine and Bendigo. About: 7 .000 acres of grass destroyed on the Ravens- wood run. Exeunt from the Victorian Education Department sixteen truant officers. More ; men out of work. More work for the police. The Minister of Railwa3rs is out of town. Free for a few days from the oft repeated inquiry " What about Mr Webb T3 Mr James D. Doyle, Chief Locomotive Clerk in the Railway Department, an applicant for appointment as Commis sioner. Mr Lynott, salesman for Trenchard and Co., considers the system of meat in spection at the Fiemington abattoirs is effective. In five months, 125 settlements have been established in Victoria, and 14,000 persons settled on the lands. Thus Mr MTntyre. The board appointed to report upon a central system of storage for explosives has handed in its report. Favors the Skeleton Creek site and groups of small magazines. The balance-sheet of the Victoria Minins Accident ReHef Fund Committee up to 31st December last showsa credit of L150 13s 2d An important discovery of gold re ported in the Heathcote district, about seven miles north of the township, on Murray road. Is marriage a failure F CorneKus Sweeney, who has been living at Yarram for 45 years, would rather commit suicide than return home. " If Government gives up the money due from selectors will councils forego their rates ?" asks Mr MTntyre. Echo answers, Not much." George Wallder fined by the Avenel Bench L25, in default three months, for the careless use of fire. Struck a match and threw it on the grass. Fines in the tote cases : — Delanev, L10 and LiO costs, in default one month ; Swallow, Lo and L5 costs, or 14 days; Bartlett, Ll and L2 costs, in default three days. as a Bfcrong probabiHty that 1350 women have Cheated the hang man in, this, qolbhy, In connection with cases that have cojpe withm7h1s. bwh experience, : ;! A serious indictment laundhed -agahist society by Dr Neild. He eayS>thaticd 5d0 lJ per cent, showed th tul suffocation. The Railway Commissioners issue circular, directing that no departmental! feciiitieB are io be given for racing scriptions to the Speight testimonial fund from railway servants. Same Smith, Secretary of Hie Fitzroy Branch of the A.N. A., hasleft Melbourne suddenly. Hasn't been seen for a fort night. Alleged that he has misappro priated. funds to the extent of L2O0. Federal Building Society paid shilling dividend on 1st inst. Notices for call of Ll went out from Federal Bank. _ Many of same shareholders in each institution. Small solace for their shilling divvy with the 20s call. The purchasing power of a sovereign is nearly double in Melbourne what it. was two years ago. Why not try L150 a year for members of Parliament and L i 50 for Ministerial screws. Why should the rank and file have to bear nearly all the burden. Hon. James Bali cur ridicules the suggestion that the proposed compromise witii«jhe Freehold Investment Company woula be a compounding with creditors. Says his seat in Parliament would not be effected, and in this matter he is quite right. The Minister of Lands anticipates no difficulty in carrying on the Leongatha labor colony without being obliged to ap point a single new officer. Mr MTntyre thinks that if managed in connection with the Department of Agriculture, great benefits might be derived from the colony from the point of view of experimental farming. 