GENE1U1.MWS. Sovoral bnohflroa havo brokon out in tho York district during tho past couple of wooks, BAya tho local papoiwind among the oufforern wo hear thtOMir. Joseph Hiclcn has loat a largo quantity of buoli feed. Almoat ovory day tho mon engaged at harvoBting have been called oit for tho purpose of battling with tho flamea— a not very onjoyablo kind of work with tho thermometer rogiatoring a hundred or bo in the uhado. An extraordinary doublo fatality through elootricity occurred at Boston, U.S.A., on Octobor 4. Whilo a man was omployod oioaning an olootric light on tho top of a high polo ho voceived a phock of tho full strength of tho current and was killed inBtantanooualy. Ilia body waa ouopondod from tho wires for half an hour. 'When men woro put to work, to romovo it one of thorn came in contact with it, and waa thrown head foromoat on tho sidewalk. Ho wuo dashed with such violonco against tho korbstono that ho died shortly ut'tor wards. A fearful, occurrence took, place at Zacatocao, in Moxico, tlio othor rlny, at A bull-fight. A bull which had boon goaded to madneoa was quicker thitn tho aiatador, and gored tho man to death, Tlio beaut thon loapod over tho barrior among tho oxoited audience. Tlio picadors and ntteztdonts woro powerless to holp tho panio-atriokon pcoplo, and before tho bull had been fatally otabbod tlireo poroonfl had boon gored to death, In the terrified tieramblo to enwipo a largo number of people were injured. Mr. and Mra. T. Harry Maraboil, of tho Commeroial Hotel, Day Dawn, on tortiUned a largo nnmbor of gueeto at a dancd recently, unym tho Murchison 'Vimet. Tho epiteious hall adjoining tho hotol, recently ojoutod by Mr, Marshall, waa attractively ftmnged fov the occasion. Tho efforts oi the host and hofltcBB to provide a roally good ovon ing'o onjoymont woro undoubtedly auccoflsful, ovidoncea of that fact being plainly apparent in ovory respect. Tho long danco programme which was gono through undor tho guidanco of Mr., j, Dunn, wiuj not complotod until the early houro of tho morning, U'ho following iu a rocord ot tho num hoc of ptvtionto treated at tho Coolgardio hoflpital winco Api-il 20tb, 1804, aayo tho Miner 1 — Thoro bavo boon admitted to tho Govornmont tents, 100 pationte, and 23 out of this number havo ancouinbcd to their varioufl -Jnalwlioii. Into tho privato hoapitid tont» thfin^havo boon admitted flftpatlonto, 11 of whom- died, aomo of thoux dying on tbo day of udmiBsion, and (wmoon tho following day? and othora perhapti havo lautod a few dnyH longor, being kept alive almost ontirely by artificial moan*. Comidcring the vory low condition of most of tho pauontuwhotttlioy aii'ive. it iu justly conaido^od that tho dotvth rate at tho hoepitftl Jb vory nmftll for, tho Bovon mid a half monthfl dencribed. Thin ovening at St. Goorgo'a Hall,.n, concort will bo hold under tho ftuapicea of tlM-St.Pntrtok*B Day Doniomitration Committee Tho programme is a good ono, juid cojatains tho nanioa of aonie* of, our best ftnjRtourporformorfl, The ad miaaion him boeri iixod (it %iu nnd 1b.. Holders of front seat tickota will Imvo tho privilogo of remaiuina to a dftBcwwiiiroh will bo hold after the concert, ttlie-' Enaliflh and Colonial ^'inaila omvod in j?erth by npeoial train from' Albnay »hortly beforo D o'clock thin marnui^. The- niniltt wero avnilable« to- tho pK^luio fit tho dolivory windowo and sVy lottor cairriers, bofovo 10 &;to. Tho b. Waroongft took fivo 'boxetr contaiuing'14,B47 oimi. gold, consigned to Molboxmio, four1 boxon' boing aliipped lay tho Union Bankand ono box by tho limloof AuBtftitofrin. Mr. .Oct. Butttt^XIndor^Sooretflry,, aceomponkid'by WS-,, li^rtJoftjrcBter day by tho 0. Ad.ol«i(jQ m ^ft'plp»^ae 