CURRENT EVENTS. As a proof of the saving that has been effected in the matter of interest paid by the shire council to the bank during the past few years for the first half of each financial year, we quote the following figures, which show the position of tihe shire banking account at this period during the years mentioned :-In Feb., 1890, the council had an overdraft of £1409; in '91, of £1131 ; in '92,of £451 ; in '93, of £356; and this year it has a credit balance of £287. The reputation of Americans as an in qusitive race is maintained by a letter which the Postmaster.General received a day or two ago from a resident of West Verginia, United States. It read as follows:-" Dear Sir,-The World's Fair in Chicago has brought many to believe that Australia will yet be the countery. As I have a family of four boys that will soon be young men I am anxious to bring mty family to a good healthy countery. Would you please give me a history of Australia-the climate, the land and irs price per acre, grain and the kind you grow, timber and the different kinds, stock the different kinds, thair prices, is it a good sheep countery, thair prices; what is a good horse worth, are thair wild ponies thair, is thair game thair and what kind; are the natives dangure, do they ever trouble tire white people; the ore, have you gold and silver; have you moun tains, is it timber land or prairie ; have you churches, Sabbath-schools, &c.;, also schools in general ; the prices of groceries, clothing, boots and shoes, general goods of every description; please send me one of your local papers; have you factorys and what kind, have you raileroads ; how are wages for labouring men, what trades would suit your countery the best, have you snow in winter and how long, when do you start seeding and when does harvest end, have you good hunting and what kind have you good hounds for hutting; what would iticost from your place to the United States, say New York or San Francisco? A first cousin of mine left Canada (Ont.) a fue years ago. He went to Australia. If you no anything about him please give me his address. I have asked many ques tions; please answer with any other infor mnation you can give me." A fire which might have been attended with fatal results occurod at the homestad of Mr. William Wilson, Johnson's Creek, shortly after midnight on Tuesday lost. The conflagration broke out inthe children's sleeping apartments, and spread with such rapidity that in a very short time the whole of the building was enveloped in flames. It was with the greatest difficulty that the children were saved, and Mr. Wilson was scorched all over the body in his efforts to get them to a place out of reach of the fire. A son of Mr. Mark Hill's had a most miraculous escape, as Mr. Wilson had scarcely time to enter the boy's room and drag him out of bed before the burning rafters and roof fell to the ground- Mr. Wilson and his family have lost their all through the fire, and were left with only their night garments on Wednesday morn ing. We sympathise with the family, as will, we are sure, all the residents of the shire. Pending "reconstruction," Mr. Wilson and his family are residing with Mr. Peter Milroy (Mrs. Wilson's father.) The magistrates across the border look after the bakers a little better than the great unpaid who administer justice in Mel bourne seem to do. Only the other day one of our J.P'e. let off with few shillings a baker convicted of selling loaves under weight. The man was fined sixpence an ounce for something like 94 ozs. short. At Broken Hill the other day a man was fined 5s an oz. for 189oz. short in 94 loaves. A fine of £28 10s is calculated to make a man think what he is about when weighing his dough another time. A large dealer in cheese in London re cently thought of ordering five thousand sixty-pound cheeses from Victoria, but when he became acquainted with the shipping charges he immediately aban doned the idea. The Warragul Guardian reports the foll owing interesting experience of a local farmer with his butter in Melbourne: One dairyman wassending his butter down to a firm in Melbourne, and received week after week 6d. per lb.-no more, no loss. He happened to go to the metropolis, and went among the butter dealers to see how the ropes were worked, and enquired for several lots, one of them being his own. He enquired the price, and was told lid. per lb., as that brand invariably real ised tlhalt amount. Hlie purchased it, got a receipt, nd took the butter. After return ing home he received a note to say that his butter, as usual, fetclheod Od. per lb. He sent them a lawyer'sletter, andrthe re sulb waus they refunded Sd. per Ib. extra, or lld. per lb. for the entire lot. According to the reporter for a Sydney papet the farmers of the Euroa district lead a happy-go-lucky life. He says: Keeping cows involves little or no tfonble and but little cost. The selector's family sea rule do the milking, and once the cart is driven to the factory nothing remains to bedone. There is no need to buy, no land to plough, no crop to plant, henec the farmers in the dirtrict are loth to de part from their conservative habits, and ans long as they can sell milk enough to main tain their households they are happy. A correspondent sends on the following : -"In the poisponing! of rabbita"Phos -phorous Paets" ?esilr'i? iealled,? has been steadily gamm? grantif wthi the frmers, and.nmany.h--_ _them,-1.her,: are.f--PPrpus t tern to and make a supply sucloient for their owns ue,. Now, as one who has had \- exptrience,'nmayI be allowed to state that the pr~ipring of pohooihoroa paite is rather a nice operation, and if done care lessly, or without proper instructions, the result will most assuredly be a series of bush-fires. The following method of pre paring paste, if strictly followed, will pro duce an article that may be used with perfect safety. In an empty oil.drum or iron pot, a round vessel is necessary; put seven quarts of water and bring to the boil ; in this dissolve thoroughly five pounds of sugar, then add, say, a couple of handsful of pollard, sons to bring to the consistency of very thin gruel ; when this is done put in one stick of beet phosphorus (eight sticks to the pound) and stir without ceasing for about ten minutes, the mixture boiling gently all tihe time, then lift the pot off the fire, keep stirring, and add nine pounds of pollard gradually, when the mixture cools the paste is ready for use. In laying it scrape the surface of ground with a hoe or old adze, andgwhere you mean to place a a bait notch out a little hole with coiner of hoe. The bait should be laid upon a chip or small piece of birk and should not exceed a bean in size. In conclusion do not, on any account, use cheap phosphorus. Do not attenmit to dissolve the phosphorus in water only; the addition of the sugar and a small quantity of pollard enables the phosphorus to be held thoroughly in sol ution till the whole of the pollard is added. And once you start stirring don't stop, even for an instant, but stir steadilyin all directions forward, backward, and aoross. Always keep what pure phosphorus you may have in hand covered with water and out of reach of children or animals ; if not covered with water it will take fire. List of accounts awaitng paymentat the local pay office :-L. Kellock; H. W. Alston (2) ; T. Kelly ; F. -H. Simcoeks (2) ; J. K. Williams; 0. F. Lethbridgo (2); F. Tucker; P. Green ; A. Wylie. Mr. A. M'Kinnon, J.P., has been ap. pointed Returning Officer for the School Board election. An election of five mem. bore will take place at an early date, par ticulars of which will appear in our next issue. Mr. John Hocking has gone over to the great majority at the age of 42. His remains were interred in the Alexandra cemetry on Sunday last, followed by a very large number of friends. 