WOMAN'S COLUilN. PEGGY'S LETTER. My Dear Moya,— Australians cannot complain of not beiug properly represented abroad. The latest Eng lish papers give glowing accounts of little Maudie MacOajthy. Of course we regard, her as an Aub° tralian since she cams here a mere baby, and it was here that she received her first muDiccl train ing under that clever teacher, Miss Pedley. though iu recent accounts of tha youthful vio liniste Miss Pedloy's share of credit seemr; to be overlooked. 'Twaa ever thus, One teacher layn the solid foundation for future artistic great ness ; another comes along, gives the finishing touches, and receives all tho Si kudos.' The first is quite forgotten, though in this particular case I am sure the litda violimate will not be per mitted to forget whet she owes Mies Pedley. The talented little Irish-Australian made her first public appearance tarly in May ia tho Princes' Hell, Piccadilly, and she has bean go fortunate as to ai-ouse in Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone end other notabilities tho greatest peivonal interest-. A correspondent d3scsibcs the enthusiasm (which reached the intense stage when Mis3 Elien Terry stepped forward and presented the little lady xvifch an esqnisifce bouquet) that greeted each of tes selections as something to be remembered. Mrs. MacCartby assisted her little daughter, and judging from the complimentary remarks oi: the different papers, her voice has Ics'c aone o£ its old charm. Speaking of Mrs. MicCarthy reminds me to tell you that, greatly fco the delight of hep many ad mirers iu Sydney, Miss Marie 3t. CLiir has come to make her home with us oneo more. She could nob have chosen n more opportune momoni', for juat no\7 there is a distinct dearth of oontralro voices. Few of us have forgotten the tremendous excitement her glorious voico aroused on the occa sion oi the memorable 'Moora CeQfcei?ary.'J As o ballad-singes1, ia oratorio and church muEic, Mies Si\ Glair had no eqaal in Sydney thev, and those who ought to know ssy that lies: voice is in perfeofc preservation; so we may look forward to a rare musical treat very shortly. Daring the weeJr, the Mayor and Mayoress of Waterloo, Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Walab, gave a dance in honour of their daughter's birthday. The local Town Hall was crowded, but not too much so foe dancing. Mr. L. B1. Heydou, M.L.O , Mr. Hoylp, M.P., Mr. W. E. Bharpe, M.P., Mrs. and Miss Sharpp, the Mayor of Alexondna acd Mrs. Allen, the Mayor of Eedfera and Mrs. Davis, Aldermen Garfeon, Lamom', Anderson, Greenwood, Collier, Parkep, Miss Parkep, Mrs. and Miss Collier, Mra. Anderson, Mrs. Rose, Mrs. Berrs, Ml's. Andrew?, Misses Andrews, Greenwood, ISyan, and Abbott wore among the guests. We spent a very enjoyable hour yesterday at Mr. W. F. Marony's AuBtral Gallery, in the Strand, This ia a collection of paintings descriptive of the bushranging era in Australia, and they are really worth seeing. As £ gazed at tho pictures I felt myself carried back to my early days, when we would Bit by a big roaring bush-fire listening with breathless attention to the blood- curdling stories of somo old identity who had personal experience with some bushranger or other. Tho majority of Mr. Mcconv's pictures are splendidly donp, the horses being particularly life-like. There is a pleasant absence of the ' blood and thunder' element which one not unnaturally expects in connection with such a (subject. On v,he contrary, Mr. Marony's wise selection of tho different incidents of tho old bashranging days and the skilful way in which he has depioited these inoidente, of which explanatory notes are given in an interesting little guide-book, lends the charm of romance, whilst; the portraits of ' Eolfe ?Boldrewood,' Mr. and Ms?p. Keightley, &c;, give an up- to-date interest to the exhibition. I am delighted to fiad that 'ihe Waverk-y people intend paying Miss Tracy a much-deserved compliment, and I hope the concert to ba held at Paddington Town Hall on Jnly 11 will be worthy tbe talent of the gifted young organist of St. Charles'n. Each year the Tempa ball prows more and more popular. The social success of the one held on Tuesday ni- ht should have been very gratifying to tbe committee, who must have worked heart and noul to attain euc'u a brilliant result. To the hon. sees., Mr?. Maguire and Miss M'Donagb, special credit is due, as it was to them the largest share of the hard work fell. The fioanoial result sbruld gladden Mother Gartrudo's heart for tbe next year to com?. The absence of the Go vernoi? and Lady Duff wai tbe eubjoct of much regret-, particularly when tho cause 0? their non- -pp'aranoe was made knowD. The French Consul and our French residents were also absent on account ot the lacieutable tragedy which a fo77 days ago sent a thrill oi: grief and horror throughout Europe. The dect ration com mittee, under the guidance of Mrs. J. T. Toobej , struck the happy medium by decorating the hall neither to: much nor tco little Having the auppf-r downstairs was a splendid idr.°, one worthy of being copiel at all large balls in the Town Hall. There were ' funcy seta ' galorr, whose clT-:ct wes partly lo^fc by tbe ppic-i net beiDg roped off, to keep out the general public. A fancy set, side by side with an ordinary set, gave rHfc''eoii mixed n,pp?.i',ranoo. Mre. Prendergasfc's set took the paloi for general effect. The ladies in it wore black drossep, clusters of daffodils ia their hair and on their conages, and carrird wands tied with daffodil ribboap, and decorated with the floner. Mr?. Alfred Ccpe's set came next, Mrs. Tht'osby-Tiobertson's, in which tho ladies were attired as Rod Eliding Hoods (:7horG was tho wolf ?), Lady Windeyer's Picotoo get was decidedly pu;t y. Half the ladhu were in pir.k, half in whifeo. with poivdered ha r and patches, Mrs. Edv/ards's Autumn set was woll arrauged and carried ou;'. The minuet danced by Miss Greenahlco was very graceful, but pooplo are growing tired of special dancea and complain that thoy cake up much time. Next year pr jbably we shall have fev7er. Han^somely-draseod women vyore quite the order of the evening. Mrs. J. T. Toohoy wore a lovely gown of: pure v/hite. Miss Doyle waa also in white with hair poudre, which waa very becoming to her. Mrs. W. F. BKennau wore a handsome whito buoende, Hiaa Jennings cho3e p-ile primroBe-tinted Bilk, which I suited her admirably, Miss Maggie Dimond, B.A.., ' I in pale blue silh, her sister in FreBca gray, with j bodice of pale pink chiffon. Mrs. Slattery wore I pale blue brocade. Mrs. Maguire's dress of butter- I cup brocade wag ona of the handsomest in the I room. Miss M'Donagh wore a pretty shade of I yellow Ivlra. Pi-mdergast V7as in block, the cor- I □age oi bor gown, being adorned with unmounted I red Cornelias. This sounds stiff, but the effect was S most artistic. Mrs. Gar van, Mre. V. Heatoa, I Mrp. 11. Bull, Mies Hcves (Weuti-al Bay), all wore I blcck. One lady had oa a most uncoramon- | looking drefs of blaik with trimming of irridee- I cent beau-, which positively glittered at every 1 movomfint. Misa R'iyes, Kiss Mitchell (Albury). | Misa Parrelly (BaobiiFbt), all were white. Misa | Kf-ating'a gown wbs oi1 an exquisite shade of I heliotrope, with sequin trimming-, and suited her f admirably. Miss Boylsoa wora'ji dainty frock of I pa-lo green 5 Mr?. B inter), cream brocade, wiih I dark green velvet ; Miss Fitzpairick, a handsome I buttercup brocade with blfick'laee ; Miss M'Guinn, i pale p;nk satin ; Miss Nellie JBlakf-ney, pure | v^hite; Bliss Fallon (Manly), yc-llov? libaety silk. [ Miss Guy'ci dreae of roeo-coioured Eatic, covered ( with fine black Eussian net, was most becoming-. I De Groeu played Moilio Bruton's ' Quambi°' I waltz as an extra, which is about tbe bigbest com- j plimenfc the pretty little waltz end its clever I young composer coald receive. Space prevents me I gossiping longer about; the ball, go I'n close tbip, I oaly waiting to assure you that this third annual Tempe Ball stands at the top of the list among the successes of the season. YOUFP, : PIGGY. Inquiries and correspondence addressed to tbia column will recpive due attention. 