PROVINCIAL TELEGEAM8. ? ♦ ? NEWS FROM BUNBURY. THE ACCIDENT ON THE RAILWAY. DEATH OF ONE OF THE INJURED. ANOTHER IN A CRITICAL STATE. Bunbubt, February 27. The revision of the electoral roll has resulted as follows : — Wellington Old roll, 144 ;New roll, 202 : fifty-eight added. Bunbury Old roll, 200, new roll 2G3 ; sixty three added. South-West Province, Wellington, 8G ; Bunbury 126. The accident at the Capel bridge, on the Bunbury-Busaelton line, has been attended with fatal results. Two men, Holms and Olsen, were engaged in erecting sheer-legs for a pile-driver ; they were in fact on top of the sheer legs, which were guyed with ropes. Someone gave orders to let go the ropes, when the she r legs fell over causing the men to fall about 64 feet. Holms, who sustained terrible injuries about the head and face, expired yesterday morning. Neil Olsen has a thigh and elbow broken, and the flesh torn from the calf of one of his legs, and he has also sustained serious internal injuries. He is still unconscious, and it is not expected that he will recover. The inquest on Holms stands adjourned till next Monday. Work on the BunVury railway station contract is making the record in filling in the Lagoon. Lost Saturday about 900 tons of sand were lifted and carried on to the site. A Chinaman will be brought up at the police-court to-day for the larceny of grapes from a garden. Extensive bush-fires are prevalent just now round the district. At a meeting of the Wellington Roads Board held laat Saturday, tenders were accepted for a large numter of necessary workB, which will about exhaust all the available funds of the board. The s.s. Port Victor, which left London on the 25th Januarjr, is bringing 50 im migrants for this colony, who are in charge of Miss Monk, the matron. The immigrants are all single girls for domestic service.. The steamer, which is bringing a large general cargo, should arrive at Fremontie about March 11th. The somewhat alarming increase of typh oid fever oases for the week ended January 13 (says the Age) was the subject of anxi ous consideration at the last meeting of the Melbourne Board of Health. The re turns showed that during the period men tioned there had been ninty-threecasesand * six deaths, as compared with forty-nine cases and five deaths for the corresponding period of the previous year. Dr. GresBwell in reply to the Board, said that it was diffi cult to select any particular tiling as the real cause ©f the increase, as this special form of disease could make its appearance through so many different channels. Con taminated water ax-d milk were fruit ful causeB of typhoid, and in this connection he expressed regret that very little improvement had been effected in the large dairies of the metropolitan areas. Again, many of the Municipal Councils contended that they were in no way re sponsible for the manner in which nightsoil waa disposed of, and hence the offensive material was permitted to be taken out to dairy farms, and utilized therein a most disgusting manner. Miloh cows were grazed on these farms, and thus the germs of typhoid were cominuuicated to the milk, and from it to the consumers. Until the Councils individually undertook to super vise the disposal of nightsoil no improve ment could be made. After some discussion it was decided to impre&s; upon the leading Councils the necessity for exercising direct control in the matter in their respective districts. We understand that Capt. Robinson, A.D.C to His Excellency the Governor, is about to relinquish his appointment acd proceed to head-quarters and rejoin his corps— tho Prinoesa of Wales's Own (York shire) Regiment, in India. Our representative in London, in a letter V. dated from Sues^ on board the R. M. S. Victoria, states:— 'The principal topic of conversation amongst the passengers is the discovery of gold in Western Australia. I feel sure we shall have a big influx of people from England during this and next year.' '' The numbers of voters on the electoral lietforthe South Division of the West Province are as follows -.—South, 488; North, 408 j Fj»m*ntle, 280— a total of 1121\. The difference between the numbers on this roll and those on that for the Legis lative Assembly is 1027 less. The Revision Court, is likely to begin on April 4th, and will probably continue sitting at interval 