AU1TRALIAN STORY 1 O'l-Donoghue's --Patient, ' BY oooDWIN. " Are you there?" A sharp voice speaking through the tele phone. - " Can you hear me ? Well, I want a nurse within an hour." "For what ease ?" "Mental. Docile patient and young. A lady." I"At what address?" t " Menzies' Hotel. Ask for Mr Vernon." 1 " What doctor attending?" " Myself"-here followed the name of Dr O'Donoghue, and the bell rung off. Well within the hour, for the superintendent 5 of the nurses' home had drilled us into prompt- I ness, the waiter showed me into a sitting room at Menzies', and a tall man came forward 3 to greet me. " Well, nurse," he said, eyeing me kaeely, a compliment I repaid in kind. "I'm glad you t came so quickly, as the doctor will be here soon, c and I wish you to see him before going up to I the patient." "That is a coure I always prefer," 1 said, shortly. "Shall I wait her for the doctor?" "Yes; and I'll tell you all there is to tell I about the patient. But sit in this easy chair. You look tired." He took my valise from me and drew forward a chair kindly, but as he did so, I thought It had never seen a less kind face. " You look very young for a nurse," he said, vicing me thoughtfully. This remark I was 1 accustomed to and hated, for I always fancied 1 a doubt of my competency lurked beneath. "I'm twenty-six," Isaid, tartly, " and have had fhe years' experience-two years in the Alfred Hospital, and three spent in nursing 1 private cases." "I'm sure you will manage this case suc-a cessfully," he said, "butit will, I fear, be a long one. The patient is my wife's cousin, and f unfortunately themre is hereditary insanity in the family. My wife and I have been i travelling with her for several months in hope that change of scene might benefit her, but she I still has fixed delusions, and now her general 1 health seems failing. I think myself she has 1 always been better without medical treatment, and I intended trying how she would dowith out it, with only our care. But she became so violent one night at another hotel we were staying at, that the landlady sent for Dr O'Donohue; and as he insists he can effect a cure, I must let him have a try." He bit his lips as he spoke, and a savage look of chagrinwas on his face for a moment. That quickly passed, and he resumed speaking in his smoothly pleasant voice. " The doctor declares she will do better with strangers; so, against myownbetter judgment, I have consented to try his plan. Ho his made arrangements for your taking Miss Cameron soon to a farmhouse. The farmer is an old patient of his, and he says you will both be well hossed .nd taken care of. I hope so." just then the loud voice of the doctor made itself heard, cheerfully shouting down the car rider: "No. 23? All right, waiter; I know my way," and bringing into the close room a pleasant, bracing outdoor atmosphere, in rolled on old friend of mine, the well-known Dr O'Doaeghue. He shook hands with me in his cheery, rapid way, and then drew Mr Vernon apart. "About that horse, Vernon ;" and then en sued a conversation to which I paid little need, save to notice that Mr Vernon seemed to know the doctor's weak points and to play to them. "And now about the natient," said the medical man at last, hurriedly. "Told the nurse about her, Vernon?" "Yes." " Well, come along, nurse, then, and be in stalled. Splendid little nurse, Vernon!" he shoutedl, as we went along the passage; "make Miss COmeron right in no time." But this I doubted when I saw my new patient. She wee seated by her window, look ing down moodily at the great tree ferns in the courtyard, and (after one apathetic look at the doctor and one of fear at me, when I removed my cloak, and she caught sight of my uniform) she sat thus during all the doctor' s sit. His questions she left unanswered, and his cominendations of me as "a nice cheerful com panion I've got for you," she only scornfully smiled at. The room had another leading out of it, and, justansthedoctorrosetoleave, thedoorfrom this opened and in came a lady, who wasintroduced to me as Mrs Vernon. Certainly, there was as little love between the cousms as there was likeness, for the moment she appeared, life sprang into my patient's eyes-life, hatred, passion. transforming the pale girl for a moment. But that quickly faded out, and again listless eyes looked wearily down on the ferns. Mrs Vernon was certainly a handsome woman ; and now Isaw why the doctor, usually so busy, had made an unnecessarily long call. I knew well his keen appreciation of pretty women. He liked them fair, fat and far from forty. The last item especially important, for, as he confided to me one day, " All women over forty ought to be shut up or shot." Also, he liked change, and I knew that at that time not a single pretty nurse was nursing for hi: ; so the poor man's mind must have indee' been dull. Here he evidently found amusement. He rushed into an animated conversation with the newcomer, and I went up to Miss Cameron and touched her gently on the arm. She looked at me with great, startled eyes. " Won't you come into the inner room and lie down ?" said; " you look so tired." She rose and followed me. " What do you really think about Miss Cameron, nurse ?" said the doctor to me, two days later, when we were alone. "She Is insane," I answered. "Poor little thing ! She has melancholy, undoubtedly, but I don't notice any fixed delusions so far." , How do you address her-by what name, I mean '.'" " As Misp Cameron, of course." "Does she respond to that name ? I hesitated. "Well, no ; I fancy she does not. I re member she asked me, when I had only been with her a few hours, to call her ' Hetty.' That is strange, for Mrs Vernon says her name is ' Ursula.'" " Well, there, yon see, is one fixed delusion," said the doctor, dryly, " and you'llfind shehas more. Look out for suicidal tendencies. Mrs Vernon says she has none, and has been too careless in watching her I fancy. Vernou and I have had one or two sharp disputes about it. I wLr. have her carefully watched, and if it's too muchfor you, they'll have to get another nurse to help you. I'm not going to let this little thing slip throughmy fingers. By Jove," added the doctor with feeling, " she's too psetty to die !" " Not so pretty as her sister ?" I queried mischievously. "Ten times as pretty, but not half as hand some,'" said the doctor. "N'ow, look here, nurse. Mrs Vernon is a handsome woman, but I don't half like her, andI talk to her as much to draw her out as for any other reason. She means mischief to her cousin, that I'm sure of, end so I've determined to put the patient out of her reach. Vernon wos unwilling at first, but I threatened to throw up the case, and he seems anxious to avoid scandal, or any public talk about the case." "I can't endure the man," I said; "he has such a'shifty face, but I fancy he is not so cruel pahis wife. She often looks at Miss Cameron quite savagely." "H'm-m. Yes, rye noticed that. VWell, take care of the poorlittle thing. Good- day." And the doctor w~s off. That day week my charge and I were stand hug ateChe Shepparton railway station, and, osally, I felt nearly as discnsolate asshe looked when I surveyed the scene. I most eay I saw i: dimly thrnough eyes blinded, not with tears but duet. "Let no one complain of the Ifelbourno dust ];they've compared it with that of Shepparton durlag the summer. No one, however, can cast a stone at the place, for there isn't the smallest pebble even in the neighborhood. Nothing but dust-dust that one could not shake off one's feet. However, soonthe buggy belonging to the farmer at whose honrse we were to be boarders appeared, and we were driven off in it. I began to wonder why on earth Mr Vernon and the doctor had chosen this part of the country, but ceased to when we drove along the river bank. for then I saw that even there lurked spots of loveliness. Water scenery has always had a great charm for me, and before I left the district I had learnt to love the stately Goulbnrn. I think its greatest charm, perhaps, lies in the giant trees which stretch aroo from bank to bank or stand silhouetted against the sky in weird and graceful outline. Paradise Farm was a low, rambling wooden house with a beautiful fruit garden attached. My friend andI had a semi-detached block of three rooms, standing on a little rise which overhung a large reach of the river. The bed rooms looked out on thewater, and I was very annoyed to find that this was the case, for I thoanht it a foolish choice of bedrooms for a M Vernon had chosen them, and, in colo nial parlance, I felt I " owed her one" for doing so. Well, a month passed. I grew foad of Hetty, hot piqued that she would not confide in me hertrouble. .I felt convinced some real grief was hers. What?I wondered. If she never told meanght of her pamt life I could never find ont or help her. SAt last, one day I suddenly learedmuch. I had brought her a letter addressed to her by Mm Vernon. "Miss Urnla Cameron" was on the envelope. After reading it she burst into tear. We were sitting by the river, and she flung herself b ongth erass in a pssion of sobs; I knelt by " her and comforted her. "Do tell me, Miss Cameron, what distresses you so? " She sat up suddenly, flung off my hands fi fietcely,.and cried, 'ee'mrnotroissCamelron! 'ever cal me so h again. I won't submit to it." h "Very well, dear, very well," I said, " soothingly. "I am Mrs Vernon," she said, passionately. "That-that woman is Ursula Cameron, my cousin, and I-I-- God be my witness, I am Maurico Vernon's wife!'" I looked at the gir. A wild light was in her eyes, but not the light of insanity. Suddenly it was borne in on me that her f words were true. And, yet, somehow I could not believe her totally sane, for I had so often seen the furtive look, so common to lunatics, strongly marked in her face. t But was she a wronged woman, insane from cruel treatment, and from brooding over real wrongs? If so, her nurse should be her guardian. I drew her down into my arms. " Dear," I said, " tell me everything, and if you have been wronged, I will be your friend, and so will Dr O'Donosbue." "Ah!" she said,d espairingly. "But he thinks momad. Sodoyou. PerhapsI am. I oftenthinke so, too. Ihavewild dreams, and I feel as if I must get by myself and then I never can. Ah! I know you do your duty to watch me so. You are afraid I shall kill myself. Perhaps I shall some day. What have I tolive for? Once he loved me, once Idreamed that my arms were to hold a little cooing babe. But now my arms are empty-" she stretchedithem widly out-" and my husbandunf;sthful-tired i of a fretting, ailing wife." " How did it happen, Hetty ?" " How? Ah! how cana mad girl'sbraincount back with certainty? I only remember my baby's coming and then that it was gone. It had only lived two short weeks,theytold me. Then there seemed a long blank with only my cousin's face in it.. She had always loved Maurice and now she told me he loved her. "I remember her bending down over the bed and how her blue eyes flashed as she sai& 'Poor, puny thing. Did you never gues it was for money he married youu' "I shrieked and pushed her from me, and then I rememberonlydarkness,withcruelfacesgleam ing out of it at me. Then the darkness passed, and I was on a ship. Maurice was with me and Ursula, always Ursula, and a strong, tall woman, Ursula-always Ursula, but Maurice called her Hetty my own old name, and he said it was not mine-had never been, that mine was Ursula, here Hetty, and that she was his wife. And when in my despair 1 shrieked out, the strong old woman came to me and tied me in my bunk. Tell me, tell me, am Imad-? I hardly know. Yet, my head aches so-if I could but get to the river to cool it." Dr O'Donoghue was with me a few days later. I hbad sent for him, for my patient had been so wild and slept so badly. I told him her disjointed story. "She's mad right enough, nurse," .he said, pacing the room excitedly. "But I'll stake my life on it, she's been badly treated. Vernon and Mrs Vernon have been in Sydney for the last month, and there are queer surmises about them. Directly I took this case in hand I scented mischief, and I've instituted enquiries in England through a detective agency. Next mail I expect information. I have some already, and if affairs turn out as I fancy, I'll put the police on Vernon. Wire mse if you want me and watch her closely." Mr and Mrs Vernon turned uno a week after the doctor's visit They seemed very anxious to be alone with the patient, and evinced great concern about my health, which, they felt sure, must be suffering from such close attention to my patient. But I stuck to my post, and. if I left Miss Cameron at all, always put Mrs Field, the fermer's wife, in my place. One very hot day I did this, and laid down in my own room, which adjoined the patient's. Waking from a short sleep. I heard a tapping sound on the shore of the reach, and, looking out of my window, eaw Mr Vernon bending over a boat. I took very little notice, for I was very sleepy, and I lay down again. Presently I was once more aroused. There was a raging hot wind at the time, and now came borne on it a scorching smell. I knew bush-fires were raging in the valley, and, hurriedly dressing, went out. I met Mrs Field coming out of Hetty's room with a very pale face. "I'm glad you've come," she said, "I must be off. The whole valley's alight, they say, and Jim is burning off round the house. The boys are all out ' beating off.' The green trees inthe fruit garden may save the house, but the farm buildings will all go. It's not many miles off now, and the wind is our way." She spoke with calmness, poor woman, and bustled off to get oatmeal water made for the men. Mrs Vernon, who was not illnatured in some ways, helped her carry it to the half-fainting men who were "beating out" a few miles off, and they were riding to and fro all through the hot evening and night. The wind fell at mid night, but there was no rain, and in the morn ing again sprang up the hostile wind, and now I could plainly hear the crash of the falling timber, and see the lovely lurid flames leap from tree to tree. Mr Vernon had helped manfully all night, and now was brought back ill,' and for some time passed from one fainting fit into another. My poor little patient was very still, and clung to me with a glad light in her eyes. I saw she thought Death was coming, and wel comed him as a friend. At last the out- buildings caught and the farmercamo to us. "Not a minute to be lost," he said to me. "Get Miss Cameron ready. We must have out the boats and go on the reach, for the house will catch." So I told her. She understood and came calmly. She and I got into one boat with Mrs Field, two children and aman servant. We pushed out; and, smiling, Hetty dappled her hands in the water, and lay back against She loved rowing on the lake, and often lately, against my wish, Mr Vernon had rowed us our. We went generally, however, in a smaller boat The Gipsy. Mr Vernon (I must mention) was a strong swimmer, and always declared that if Hetty did jump overboard he could save her, even if she willed otherwise. The Gipsy was the next boat launched, and into it got Mrs Vernon and Alice, a maid servant. They were both dressed alike, for Mrs Vernon had given her one of her wrappers to put on in the hurry. The farmer went back to the house to fetch Mr Vernon. Our two boats pulled out. We pulled straight for the centre of the lake, but Mrs Vernon, who was tired, let her boa~t drift a little, so we got separated. We were quite inthe middle of the lake when weheard a scream from her boat, and both Mrs Vernon and Alice shouted together, but the noice of the falling trees and the roaring of the wind prevented one hearing the words. Then came more cries from the bank, and I saw that Mr Vernon and the farmer were wildly gosticulating. Then they leapt into the boat and began to pull towards us. No! Towards Mrs Ver non! Strangoe to say, her boat had made but little progress. Mrs Field looked frightened. " I do believe theGipsy's sinking," sohesaid,andwe pulled fast towards it. We were nearing rapidly, so rapidly that we heard Mrs Vernon's wild cry, "Maunrice! " and the sobs of the servant maid, when ensud denlv the Gipsy keeled over and sank ! Now, with a wild leap, the flames caught our old rooms, overhanging the water. Theyillumined the agonised face of Maurice Vernon as he leaped into the water and swam wildly to whero the Gipsy had been. And, seeing the awful remorse on his face, I gueseed the truth. He had yeaterday tampesed wlth the boat. Plotting Hetty's death, fell retribution had toefalien him, and by his own hands he had compassed the death of the woman he loved. But he was a good swimmer anddiver. Could he save her yet? A shout of triumph from the farmer. Vernon was clinging to the boat, and awoman in a crimson wrapper was on his arm. Just then a clumsy rower let his oar slip. It struck the struggling man- he loosed his holdand fell back like a log into the water. But the woman was reascued-and-she was Alice, the maidservant!" It was a long time before eltty fully re covered from the shock of that awful night. I nursed her for many months uatil her friends in England had been communicated with. A strange story hers. It seems that finding her recovery from pueperalinoanity improbable, her huslsend had formed ene wild plan of taking her abroad, representing her to the trustees of her father's will as cured and still living, and re ularly drawing her income under forged Meanwhile his old love figured as his wife, and made quite a sensation in colonial society. This she could do abroad. Among her own circle at home she would never have consented to live a life of shame; but so long as she figured as his wife, and consequently wean treated with respect, she was content. But she tired ot her rival's face, and, in view of that rival's possible return to sanity, the position was too precarious. ISo they conspsred against the poor child's Well, the cloud that bronke over the sinners cleared the sky for the sinned against. Slowly, but surely, Hetty fought her way back to sanity. Once more the sun shone for her. She is Dr O'Donoghne's happy wife now, and has been for nearly four years. Next to him she loves me, I think, but there is "someone" she loves better than either. She somnetimes comes to see me in the country hospital aam now matron of, and brings thi Ssomeone" with her. "'Someone" is just two yars oli now. fiLst, blue eyes, strong lange. What is his name? Well his mother called him "MiThgdore"(IaubfY d)-but the doctor hates the name, an will always style him iut " the O'Donoghne." 