oaPTlVT' lfNATioN.-The- warder acknowledges ivitt:thanks the reeipt of 3 pairs of rabbits from Mr John Thomas. PIAso TomrIo, &c.-Mr; G. W. Riohardsod announces that lie will visit leatlicote again in a few days, and that orders may be left with Mrs von der' Iuft. APPEOACHING MBEmTes.-The Heath cote: Water Truastnd Hospital Com'nittee meet- on Tuesday evening 'and'the Shire Council on Thursday next. : PoLi6c MAoISTBATSE APPO?TIIUINTS. Mr Leader; P.M'., -han app6intaed Friday the 9thl and 30th inst., for the holding Petty Sessions and Licensing Courts at Hoeathbte,: Itll a.m. AMBULArsc'CLtAS -Dr Bond held his last -ambullence class oat" tle iMechania' Institute on; Monday evening last, wlien a nnanimous vote of thanks- was pasised to the Doctor for his interestzig - and- in btructive'lectures. - "- ' .- : IOnCarrCN oF ENGLAND.-Excellent sermons' were " preached mtorning and evening on Sunday last at St; John's Church, by the Rev. J. Garliok, Riural Dean.' On each occasion there waes good congregation," TTEssND ACCEPTED.-The tender of William: Massey, 'at £2,60.. 14s 5d (states the " Bendigo - Advertiser") • has "been accepted byh the Water Supply department for the construdtidn of a flume with subsidiary works on the Macorona channel. Tse 'KNowsLEY RACGe.-The Knowsley Jockey Club anticipate a splendid'meeting e'n Wednesday next, having a capital track prepared and big entries. A special train will leave 'Bendigo at 1. p.m: on the day of . the races, returning at 8 p.m. Nominations' for Trial Stakes olosee -on 6th ,Match 'and 'the Hack Race is post entry. . -. " - " . :.: . 'AuROBA AUsTRALIs.-The Aurora Aus tralis, orsouthern 'lights,- :vas observed' by residents here on Sunday evening last in the south and couth west:- As times' the 'aurora was very bteautiful, with perpendicular streaks of light.- Enshfires having' been so prevalent lately, it was a matter-of doubt as to'whether'it- was an aurora or: the reflection of an extensive distant bushfirM till the streaks appeared. " MhININO BOARD ELECTION -Ve learn from- the " Bendigo'- Advertiser, that Messrs. J. Crawley (retiring member) and J. Holden (ne'w member) were returned as representatives: for the' Rushworth Division of'thd Sandhurst Mining Roard. Mr J: Crocker "(retiring menmber) beihg defeated. The voting was-.-rawley 74, Holden 72, and Croaker 59. -Mr. Holden is secretary to the Rsushworth branch of the Minerrs' Association. hfik~acoTe LADIEs' BENEVOLENT So CIETY.iThe- usal monthly 'meeting of this Society was held, in the Ghurch of England Schoolroom on Thursday, Febru. ary 22nd.' Present.-Mesdames Chliistie, (iwti'e chair), Finter, Woodi' Rogerson and Miss Splnks. Ten cases were-relieved by orders umoouting to £4 4s. Collectors paid in the s.nm of £3. Adcounts amount. ing to £6 lis were-passed for payment. The mebtiA't"tli'es" adjourned till March 22nd. ' '" ' Tnx ExroaT oF POULTRY.-The first conaignmest of poultry to the "London market, a ventre . undertaken, on 'the suggestion of Mt L: L. Smith; M.L.A., some months ago, was shipped in the h.M.S. Parramatta,- which- sailed -on :Saturday There were 11 crates in all,' containing "17I chickens, 46 ducklines; 74 teal, 86 wild duck, four curle?s, 100 pair of rabbits, and: one gros' of hen eggs. Samples of game plucked and in feathers have been shipped to ascertain whichothe English. biyers prefer. Prepar. ations for the second shipmentin the R.M.S. t(uzco, which leaves on Saturday,- are. now being made.' . FUNERAL OP XR Jotar JAxES.-I-a our last, issue \ve"gave particuli' of the sad death of the late Mr 'John James; of Kno\vsley, which occhrred on Wednesday night last weekresultingfrom "a fall -from his" wood cart at the Knowsley Railway Station on the previousr' Soniday." The funeral took place on Friday, and asshowing the esteem and respect in which the deceased was held, was very numerously attended -by residents'of Knowsley,:'Heathcote, and all parts of the district;, there 'lelng about 30 buggies'in the procession'and 'A nnmbevr of horsemen.' Relatives of the'deceased from a distance were also' present, " The' burial service was read by the Rev. Mr 'Dredge, Minister of the Woeslyan 'Churoh,' who deliveted a 'very impressive 'address at the grave, referring to the deceased in -high :terms'of praise as a true Christian both' in word.aiid deed. On Sunday the Church was draped in miourning and the sid occurrence formed the subject of the sermon given by the Rev. Mr Dredge. MASONIc SaaocsE.-The Masonic Ser vice it aid of the Heathclote HoBpital and Ladies'Benevolent Spoiety was' held in the Cfhlrcli of England on 'Suhday'alter noon, the Church bli8 h crowded, several being uinable to obtain' sitting room. A few ever'hcould hot gain tdmiassion at all. iThe time' for holdiRg' the service"was 3i o'clock,laeid'at about half-pist 2, 'the people begin to asedihble" in the vicinity 'of the C!turcli, awaiting the 'arrival of the procdssion if the meinbers of lthei .' onic Lodge to'the'Chi?drh, which started from the Lodge shortly hefoto 3, the inembbrs - being in full regalia, the Rev. Brother Gerliek P.G.C.; (Bendigo) and Brother Hollingsworth G.M., heading the' pro cession. The members of the Lodge oconapied sea'ts at'the head of the Church on the right hand side under the pulpit. The servid'ewas conducted by the R]ev. Brother'Garlick, who preached a very impressive, aiproprihte and excellent -eermon, which was very iiterestinj *and instructive in' its reidrence to Fred masonry," and 'demonstrative of the bi'otherly love and, "charitable feeling 'exiititit among the members, the fact: being insepitable that true inasons must be true lovers of diid blelievers in God. The musicoby the chdir, uridder the'lead'er ship of Mr Greir was'mubh appreciated, thie choir consiste'd of the coinbmid choirs d: trhe' Presbyterian Church and 'thii hurlch of. England 'thre formiser having lindly given its serivices for the occasion, it'Te'result being excellent music." Miss IWdoud; hen. organist of tlhe Church:obf iLngland' presided at tlhe': organ. A cildcition wi n?maide dluriung he service, hiceh'aihodii teI l to the Ihandsome esurn of £10 4s.' lt lIhe conclusion ofiths servibe the Masonird hembera returnedl ins:pro cessiors to thb Lodge, the Rev. Brother GCirliek and 'Brdthelr Hollingawortb, as at fi.st, healing tlie procession. - THR MT'ioB Pr)sTr'r RACES.-'ee would direct attontion, to the :ttractive programne in our advertising columns of th AAutum'n MeetiO? of the M'Ivor Dis trict Rdteag Club;,to be held on Wednes dlay, 28th Maikh, on ihe lncal racecourse. ST.' PAr-IceK's DiY Srdi?.n.-These sports give every promise of being highly euceessfiil on the 17th inst. ' The entries for the-S~efield and Shire Handicaps, it will be observed by the?progr.nime, close onWednesdaythe14th inte.' ' , . c, SPOuTs AT CosTRiBFIELD.-A very good vroirammo -of sports to be hold at Coster fi.ld on Easter Monday, 26th inst.;'in'aid of theCoeteyfield R C burc, 'is adver tiesil in this issu.. Trhere are -also to be a fancy bezaar'and sale of gifts, with a ball intlhe evening. • ' THu'AGRB1cLTUEAL SOCIrTY.-At the meetine ef the COmmittee of the Heath cote 'Agrioultanrl Society on--Saturday last, Mr ff. Bradshaw was unanimously appointed Sec'retaty to the Society, Mr Bradshia having occupied the position of aitin-secretary for about seven months. SEALE or - Glr?s;-TThe- Presbytirian Church Sale of::Gifts is announced to take place in the Shire Hall on Saturday 24th, Monday 26th, aid Tuesday . 27th ihst. Donations, gifts, etc., are respect fully solicited to be forwarded as soon as poesible to Mr Craig, Secretary, or the ladies of the Church. ' AuOTIOwH SALES.-At the Heathcote Hotel on Saturday last Masre Griattan & Stamp disposed of the right to the pub lican's booth to Mr T. Dwyerof Mia Mia, for £13 17s 6d; jtter keen- competition i and (he house and land in High Street, for Mr Jas. Trevaskis; to Mrs Adamson for £200o Some other properties sub mitted were iot -old.` RABarr Dsi'anCcrzo - Thursday last was appointed by' Mounted- Constable Arthur, Inspector under the Vermin Des tiuction Act for this distriot, for the taking of simultaneoas aetion' to destroy -the rabbits.'" -Poisoned 'wheat- was conse quently laid on the various properties, and from what we can Iearn the rabbits are' patronising the bait to a conesderable extent, there being nothing in the shbap of green feed for them to eat. GoniAUP AND CORBELLA EACES.-Horse owners are reminded that entries for the Hurdle Race, and Gobarup and Cornella Handicap must be inade with the- secretary, Mr C. H. -Davis, Rushworth, iccompanied by the fee, Hurdlee,6s, Handicap O0s, by 4 p.m., oh Wednesday next, 7th March, Entry ,forms can be obtainad at this office; The races are to be held at Tait and -Hamilton's I{alf-Way House, on Thursday; 15th March, and to conclude with a ball in the evening. HAsvsST THANKSGIVING SERVIrES. Special Thanksgiving.Services are to be held in the Presbytertian Church on Sueday- viest, 'in connection with the harvest and ingathering of fruits. - The Rev. William C. M'Donald, B.A., will preach suitable sermons on the "becasion. There - will also- be- special hymns, etc. Friends are :requested td send- to Mr Craig; Secretary of 0hrch, before or on Saturday, at latest, suitable offerings of cereals,- fruit or' vegetables to be dis played in the Church. PEAre.- On Friday last the death occurred at Tooborae of MVrs'*ibps, wife of Mr Henry Johnson Nibbs, from con sumpton,' the ddceasedhrbuing been ailing from the complaint for about 7 years. SFr a few -days"previons to her decease there qas considerable pulmonary hamorr . hags. "She leaves a huiband and family to mourn her loss. She wase46 years of age. The funeral took placeon Saturday, and-was attended by a number of friends. The remalis were iuterred in-thb Heath cote Cebetntery the - burial service bihig read by the-.ey Mr Dredge. " - . AEBEAB oS' SELsETOaBS' EENTS.-A deputation waited on the Ministiiie 'of Lauds yesterday, and urged the with draw l.of the circulia issued to selectors calling upon them to pay. arrears of rent .due -'*pder penalty of forfeiture of their holdings, * he deputations point ing out that it was causing worry and hardship 'to 'selectors '.Lho- could not' ':pssibly " pay.' Mr M'Intyre stated le had no wish" to be harsh on anyone who'could not pay the arrears: He would not withdraw the circular bedause a number 'could pay, but do not do so,'bocause no interest was being charged on the' arrears. That each case would be dealt with on its merits, sad *io' seleetoi 'unditly pressed who could:ibt paiy. ; KNowslLEY BAZAAR.- Arrangements in connection with this 'Baznar "to be held oh "Tuesday and lWeedneeday next, are now complete and the coimmittee * are isatified that iven'fijie seatlier its success is assured. The ladies have succeeded in getting together a numerous and costly collection of 'goods besides a goo4 sun' ii cash. 'Thie koda'ar' ~kl- of a"superior kind and liouldgo off readily. 'Messir :*R O'Neill and T.' Murphy, M.L.Ak's, have beben invited t6open'the bazaar. Tho ceremony'is to take place at 3.30 p.m. on .Tuesday 6th March. 'Beside~ the usua, :display at such gatherings, there wil1 be plentyin the way of amusement pro. vided. Tihere will also 'b: a musical evening on Tuesday 6th, and on 7th (Race night)ya ball will be held. SacoeINGS AND FATAL AcCIDENT.-A very 'ad accident occurred at the Union Go's mine, Redcastlo, od Tuesday after. noon last, by which a fine young fellow named Julius'Baker. 35 years of age, and native of Germany. lost his life. The deceased was being hauled up the shaft, 'and'being overcome by foul air, fell a distance of about :0 feet, his skull being badly fractured and come ribs broken,' the injary to the head it is supposed causing instantaneous death. The deceased was one df aparty of six, who came over from Adelaide to' work the mine, and arrived here on Thursday last on the way to'Red eastle.' He was r single mran and'tppoars to have no relatives in tle'country..' The funeral took place after the inquiry which Was held yesterday, the remains being ipterred in the Redcaatle Cemetery. The funeral w'as attended by the deceased's mhtes'and a number of others. * The burial service was read by Mr W. B. Murdoch, who had held the inquiry, a report of6 which will be found in another part of this paper. ' '' - 