BLACKWOOD. A SERIES of strictly local cricket matches are to be played here this season; and the first--Simmons' leef v. Barry's Reef was played at Barry's Reef on Saturday last. The Barry's Reef men batted first, and put together the nice score of 191, to which the double figure contributors were M. Walters 41, G. Macpherson 16, C. Vro lund 25, E. Lightly 35, J. Garner 11, W. M'Donald 11, and B. B. Warburton 18 (not out). The Simmons' Reef players were only able to put up a total of 51 runs; T. Maguire with 22, and T. Terrill with 14, being the principal scorers. As only one innings was played the Barry's Reef team therefore won with 140 runs to spare. Several persons here have taken note of Mr. James Lidgett's letter re snake venom in last week's Express, and there is very little doubt that some specimens of our Blackwood snakes will undergo decapita- tion in the cause of science, and the heads forwarded as directed. Snakes, however, are not nearly so plentiful hereabouts as they used to be, so that even a bushman may go froms one year's end to another without seeing any ; the constantly re- curring bushfires doubtless having some thing to do with this. At the meeting of the Blackwood De- bating Society on Tuesday, the 13th inst., " Longfellow's Works" was the syllabus subject. This author was pointed out be the greatest of the American poets; and although there are many persons who give very little heed to poetry in the usual round of their life's work, yet, when their atten- tion is specially directed to the many beautiful thoughts contained in the poetry of such an author as Longfellow, it is clearly shown that a large amount of both pleasure and profit may be gained from its close and attentive persual. Selections from "Hiawatha," with "The slave's dream," "The lighthouse," and " The psalm of life," occupied the principal atten- tion of the members during the evening. Messrs. Mackie, Speary and Johnstone have not yet got their gold washing appar- atus at Yankee Creek in full working order; and in fact the breaking of a crank shaft at a preliminary trial this week will still further delay the party from getting properly to work. Messrs. Livy Bros. have had their first crushing since starting their main tunnel; about 40 tons giving a yield of close on 5dwts per ton. This is not so good as previous crushings, but as I understand that this stone was got at about 100 feet north of the shoot previously worked, and is from 3 to 4 feet in thickness, it proves that there is a large body of fairly payable stone in the mine. The Golden Hope Co., at Barry's Reef, got 6ozs. 15dwts. from 40 tons of mixed stone last week. The attendance at the Trentham races on the 9th inst. (Prince of Wales hirthday) was much snmallS r than usual. A large proportion of the visitors came fiom Blackwood, and although Blackwood can- not be considered a suitable training ground for race horses, yet no less than five local horses were entered in the various events. Cann's Nimblefoot was the only one of them to gain any prize money, being second in the handicap. Following is the list of events:--Hurdle race-1st, Minette's Billy; 2nd, M'Rae's Schoolgirl. Trial Stakes--1st, Ender's Hassan; 2nd, Morris's Benvolio. East Trentham Handicap-1st, Ender's. No name; 2nd, Cann's Nimblefoot. Railway Stakes--1st, Barry's Timmering; 2nd, Nestler's Marama. Hack race, 12 entries -1st, M'Rae's Spectator; 2nd, Morris's Ferrett. 100 yards foot race-1st, W. Kelly. Best comic song--1st, G. Carroll, (Blackwood) with his well known "Ju- jah." The great attraction of the Salvation Army Guards' Band at the Trentham falls doubtless much interfered with the at- tendance at the races. A meeting of the Board of Advice was held on Monday, 12th inst. In accordance with instructions at previous meeting the Correspondent had called for tenders for the right of grazing on the Greendale school reserve. There was only one tender sent in, namely, Mr. J. Whelan's, £1 10s. for one year. This was accepted, subject to the approval of the Education Department. The question of dealing with truants was brought up, and doubt- less steps to deal with the most flagrant cases will be taken at an early date. 