. NEWS IN BRIEF. \- Yiciorlait. The bot-fly is taking his walks further ibroad. Three horses roasted to death in a fire it Carlton. Mr Wm. Wildman, an old pioneer, -dies it Taradale. - Scheme on foot for a fishing settlement n the Straits. A farm at .Dookie averaged 50 bushels of oats per acre. Several pleasing nuggets found at Bull- mgarook lately. H<?avy thunderstorms in the North Western district. _ Parents to act partly as truant inspec tors in the future - Vermin Destruction Act to be rigidly sarried out this year. Mr Brodribb, Secretary for Education, retired on the 31st ult. Minister of Mines promises a new mining bill next session. A lodge secretary "wanted" on a ;harge of embezzlement. Mr Frank Madden returned unopposed tor the Eastern Suburbs. Simultaneous destruction of rabbits arranged for next month. Mr W. Anderson elected ;fpr Winder mere by a majority of 27. Mr Patterson thinks the frozen meat trade will last for all time. Minister of Mines favorably impressed with Omeo mining prospects. An old resident of Campbell's Forest, Bendigo, found dead in his hut. " The Glen Wills goldfield only wants developing." Thus Mr M'Coll. Mr Murray, Railway Commissioner; gone to Tasmania on sick leave. Beet sugar cultivation project very favorably received in Gippsland. Sixty thousand acres of country de stroyed by bush-fire in the maliee. Constitution drafted for the' Women's Social and Political Reform League, Government decided not to subsidise the Antarctic whale fishiug venture. Minister of Railways inspected the pro posed Hedi railway line on Tuesday. War to - be waged against rabbits throughout Victoria during February. A Malvern baker fined 9s for selling light weight bread. Costs, LI 6s 7d. Butter exported by the Valetta to Eng land on Saturday 25,440 boxes — 636 tons. Elizabeth CJohesy, a Birchip school girl, died from sunstroke last wfeek. Body of E. B. Wells, tailor, Ballarat, found . with his throat cut from ear to ear. Maliee block subdivided into 164 allot-" ments, for which there were 347 appli cants. The Castlemaine electric lighting plant seized. Alleged non-fulfilment of con tract. Mr M'Coll lost his portmanteau at Glen Wills. Not a thief ; a wretched pack horse. Destructive fire at Mirboo North. Seven shops burnt. Estimated damage, L8000. ... A deputation to Mr Baker said that teachers are badly paid all over the world. Specie shipped per R.M.S, Valetta for London to-day, 15 boxes sovs., valued at L70.100, The Minister of Education says discip- line must be preserved amongst the teachers. Mr W. J. Stuckey, well-known squatter in the Wodonga district, fell dead. Heat apoplexy. A litcle girl, aged 13, daughter of Mr Buvfi. «;»f Toolamba, dies from eating _un ripe fruit. A Briagolcng vigneron suggests 'that sericulture might be profitably carried on in Victoria. The people at Donald are angry be cause a foot policeman, has been taken from them. Three new mining plants started at Steiglitz last week. Members of both Houses present. Mr J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., offers a juilding rent free for freezing meat at Port Melbourne. Teachers interview the Minister of Education, but. do not score on . the rick-pay question. Mr M'Xntyre says that . there is no possible chance of starvation at "the village settlements. At Hopetoun last week the ther mometer was 114 deg. in the shade. Natimuk nest 113 deg. Mr Robert Reid says that Victorian railway managers might take a lesson from Ceylon re- refreshments. Large fires raged on Mr Lascelles Big Hill Estate, Hopetoun. Over 40,000 acres of grass destroyed. Victoria Insurance % Company pays a dividend of 2s per share, or at the rate of 40 per cent, per annum. Guard M'Farlane and young lady pas senger injured near Donnybrook, A defective coupling parted. Stationmaeters' allowances for quarters to be discontinued, pending an amended regulation reducing them. Bishop Goe spoke at Hobart Church Congress of the increase of crime, drunkenness, and illegitimacy in this colony. His Lordship attributes ifc to secular education; Henry' James Rowlands, -confinee in ., Ballarat Gaol,' committed suicide by- hahging himself ia'-his cell; - - Thirteen railway lines in- the colony are being, worked at a gross approximate loss of li69,249 per annum. = Three miners buried by a fall of earth near Lauriston. One, named Middleton, killed ; riie others rescued. Veirdict of suicide while temporarily in sane in the case of Thomas Whetnall, one of the Governor's orderlies. The Hon. Edward Miller says the colony is " on the up-grade." Depression working itself out. We hope so. Mr Baker says that the need of re trenching is such that the sick-pay to the teachers cannot be continued. John O'Shea, a blacksmith at Foots- cray, attempts to hammer in his own head! Lectured and discharged. Gold received at the Melbourne Mint last week, 24,694 ounces. " Value of gold coin and bullion issued, L78,113. The Government awaits united action of sheepowners and - shippers in the Frozen Meat trade, says Mr Patterson. Mr A. J. Taylor, who has " diagnosed " the cast of the baby-murderess's, head, sums up the cause of Mrs ixnorr's down- fall in one Sentence-— " an uncontrollable love of excitement." The Secretary of Mines pronounces the supposed coal eeam discovered at Mount Fainter to be valueless lignite. Said that the railway revenue would suffer to the tune of L70, 600 if freights were lowered to compete with teams. Daniel Gissane, a miner, blown up a shaft near Meredith by a dynamite ex plosion. Escaped with slight injuries. , W. J . Jacobs, Prahran, fined LL in de fault seven days, for driving his brother's cart without leave, and match-boxing it. M Colonel " and Mrs Dowdle, the visit ing Salvation Army officers, enthusiastic ally welcomed' at the Town Hall Mel bourne. A Tariff Board witness : — " Tobacco planting has been killed by. the excise duty and. the factory license fee of L250 per annum." The Fisheries Board, has decided to -ask for a reduction in the market dues for fish. These dues are collected whether the fish is sold or not. Lewis Edward Reynolds, 16 years old,- Bon of a Gippsland fanner, deliberately shot himself dead. The cause was a trifling dispute with his father. "Iam free to confess that great pres. sure is being brought to bear on me tp make room for Speightin this department, and I am not going to do it." Thus spoke Mr Richardson . to I repiscntalives of the Ehgine'-drivers' and Fireineh's Associa tion on Tuesday, . ... Aloase of dressed poultry opened ijp on; Tuesday, in the Government cool chambers iu Flinders st In excellent con-'1 dilion. Been there since 16th December . Since the Premier Permanent went into liquidation L400 ,000 has been paid off Depostors' time will come some day, in the sweet bye and bye. Probably 10s in the pound. In Mr Speight's own interest, Mr Richardson thinks that it is the most un wise step the railway employes could have taken to propose to give the late Chairman of Commissioners a testimonial. Last year fish from Gippsland arrived in Melbourne in prime condition. This year, owing to the withdrawal of the ice cars, much of the fish had gone bad and had to be condemned. Thus the Fisheries Board. Ice cars to be asked for. " Our sole desire is to assist one we have a great respect for and one who has been a true friend to the humblest ser vants in the department." So says the engine drivers and. firemen in reference to the proposed Speight testimonial. The Labor Party in Parliament are dissatisfied with the extreme retrench ment policy. It is said" that what the community wants is "more bread and less sack." Not the .sack Falstaff loved, but that of the modem slang sense of the. word. - Representatives of the engine-drivers and firemen of the Railway Department asked the Minister on. Tuesday for per mission " to take up a; collection" in the department towards a testimonial to Mr Bpeight. Refused.. ."» Labor members say that suburban butchers, bakers and grocers are begin ning to cry out that extreme retrench ment, by reduemg the purchasing power of the people injures them. Better, these tradesmen say, increased taxation. " The first'duty of the Slate," thelabor mem bers claim, "is to provide employment for the people." 