Answers to Correspondents. Feeding Value of Potatoes. — J.A., MorweR. — Potatoes are for general feeding purposes in round figures worth about double the value of mangels, ton for ton. This general statement .will apply in the case of cows kept for butter-making, potatoes being a very satisfactory food for this purpose. It scarcely pays to cook them, as the animals eat them raw, and thrive on them. Cow not O slewing Her God. — D.R., Horsham. — Give your cow the following : —Aromatic spirits of ammonia, loz.; tincture of ginger, loz.; tincture of mix vomie ». loz., in a quart of good ale, repeating the dose daily for about a week ; and, in addition to the above," give her 2 drachms of (dilute) nitro- hydrochloric acid, once each &f;£y, in about a gallon of water. . This she will drink of her own accord if given when she is thirsty. Cows, with "Diseased Eves. — Inquirer. — As your- cows' eyes, according to your letter, "rapidly be come a mass of corruption," we consider the disease is one necessary for treatment by a veteri nary surgeon. With the meagre particulars fur nished, we could not in any case give you a remedy that would be likely to prove satisfactory. In fuiure communications, give your name and ad dress. Slaughtering without a License.— Selector, War- burton.— It is legal for any person to slaughter one head of cattle a week and dispose or any surplus meat to his neighbor. A portion of the meat, however, must first be consumed in the house of the person slaughtering. As by the word " cattle" is meant in the Act either a eow, bullock, sheep, lamb or "pig, it "will be seen that the person slaughtering can billy slaughter one animal a week without a license. Flax Geo wing. —Redder, Beech Forest. — Re id Mr Knight's report on the cultivation of fibre plants in another column. Fiax can easily be grown in many parts of Victoria. j Weight of a Gallon of Milk. — Dairyman, Warra- gul. — This is a point that has never been definitely settled. A standard weight ought to be fixed. Some factories in buying fix the weight at 1011b., others at lOglb., while agoodfew still adhere to the old weight, lOlli. Milk varies in weight according to its quality, milk rich in butter fat weighing lighter than poor milk. Growing Sugar Beet.— Reader, Beech Forest. — Notwithstanding that your district is a very late" one, we think it would .be rather late to put in sugar beet seed now. If, however, you are going to experiment in a small way sow the seed in drills about 30in. apart. When the plants come lip, thin out to about a foot between each. Mel bourne seedsmen are charging 2s. 6d, per lb. for the seed. Bush ®AD the season not proved unusually late, moist and cool, Fires serious losses from bush fires ere this would have been recorded. With the recent sudden change to summer heat, the pastures have rapidly parched, and already there are reports to hand of destructive brush fires raging in the north east and in the Mallee. "The conditions this summer are exceptionally favorable for the outbreak and progress of extensive bush fires. Mountains and plains are everywhere clothed with a long and ""ense sward of grass which, when touched _ ith the torrid heat of .summer, is im mediately transformed into a highly in- fiammable material that once kindled, is, m, nine cases out of ten, impossible to extinguish without great destruction \- having been wrought. Nothwithstand- ing that heavy losses are annually sus- tained from this element, it is surprising how very .few landholders 'ever make the slightest provision either towards pre venting the outbreak or arresting the spread of bush fires. The neglect sb frequently exhibited in this direction, should be made criminal. "When a bush fire has devastated thousands of acres, pastures, ripening crop, stock, fencing and homesteads, all disappearing before this insatiable devourer, the loss partakes nearly as much of a national as a local character. The colony, at all events, as a whole is so much the poorer. Viewed from this standpoint, therefore, we incline to think that the time has arrived when the State should step in and comper by legislation the better protection of country property from these disasters, the spread of which, it must be admitted, is so often the result of what can only be termed contributory negli gence. Prevention would not entail much ef trouble or expense if ap- plied at the proper season ; Bush Fires. ,, . L , of the year, to make ample provision against the advance of a bush he. Around every homestead, around every reasonably- sized grass paddock and along" nil : main roads,; whaft are , termed fir ebreaks" might /easily, . and cheaply he prepared at abh suHere approach. The best, cheapest and. quickest method of 1 %t fire- breaks" is by burning strips of grass froAi one to three chains in width (the wider the better in timbered country) along boundary "fences and main roads and. around stacks -and homesteads. In the early days tins work was regiilariy attended to in many districts, particularly upon open plains. As summer approached neighboring farmers and their spns would meet on appointed nights suitable for burning strips, and forming toerliselves into gangs would prepare miles and miles of these rt breaks." From what cause we e&imot; state, but the gqod old custom has been foolishly abandoned, with the result that the number of fires have increased and hundreds of -our land-holders annually sustain heavy losses while hundreds of others were in the imminent risk of being sufferers to an equal ex tent. V . If property owners year after year -obsti- Legisiation nafcely continue neg- . Required. lecting to guard against the destruction" of the "wealth that nature lias provided for the benefit- of the community generally, surely it is not too much to ask that the Sfcateshonld make the proper protection Of destructible property compulsory pn the part of the occupiers of the land. Our contention, at all events, is a patriotic one, and if carried into effect "none would benefit so largely by its application as those against whom the provisions -of such an Act of Parliament might require to be enforced. We have legislation for the prevention and spread of diseases in stock, for the. compulsory destruction of thistles and rabbits, legisla tion regulating the quality of the food we eat and the liquids we drink, and increased powers are being demanded' by legislation for coping with the 'insect pests that attack the farmers3 crops, his fruit trees and his vines. If all these be necessary, and experience has proved - that they are, it is just as important that it be made compulsory cm the part of landholders ' to take the necessary precautions at the proper season of the year, for the "protection from destruction .by bush-fires of what is nominally their . own, but what in reality represents to a certain extent the wealth of the country generally. It is no use saying that as it is to the land holder's own interests to preventbushfires, and that he ought to be able to look after himself without having to be compelled to do so by legislation. Is it not to the interest of every landholder that he should kill rabbits, cut thistles, protect his stock from disease, get rid of codling moth and phylloxera, and other insect pests, yet in how many instances is he found attend ing to his own interests in any of these directions unless compelled by legisla tion? Bush-fires are as much of a na tional disaster as a visitation of any of the plagues mentioned, and being so, it should be the duty of the State to insist, by legislation, that reasonable means, some what after the manner described, be an- aually taken by landholders to prevent, as far as possible, the damage caused by this element. Absolute prevention, of course, "is out of the question, but there is no reason why the regularly recurring calamities resulting from bush-fires should not be minimised to the utmost possible extent, and this can only be accomplished by legislation. Exporting dusT now when the ques- JMsrfciltaral a<md developing an ex- port trade in frozen Products. , . , . mutton is uppermost m the public mind, it will be of ih tereat to point out to what an enormous extent have the export of agricultural products from the United States reached. Presi dent Cleveland, in his address to Con gress early in December last, con gratulated members on the fact that agricultural products exported from the States were 78 per cent, of the total exports of the country. A review of the figures used by Mr Cleveland shows that in almost every line the: United King dom absorbed by far the largest propor tion of these exports. Taking the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1893, we find that the States exported live cattle to the value of L5, 200, 000, of which Great Britain took L5, 000, 000 worth. Of dressed beef product's the total exports amounted to L5, 600,000 in value, of which Great Britain took L4, 800, 000 worth. The value of the exports of pork reached L16, 800,000, of which Great Britain took L. 10, 600,000 worth. These figures show that British markets practically keep the export trade of the States going, and British journals commenting on Jfhe f annoyance that toe.. States, on the other diiAnd, ahould resort to every Pf keep British gpods out of tlieir markete. It is even suggested by some of the influ ential journals that the principle of reoi- pBoeity In its true form will ultimately assert itself, and that countries declining to reciprocate may find themselves shut out from a lucrative market. The steady increase in all parts of ; tbe world in the production of articles required for food is certain to hasten the time when reci procity with England and the leading food-producing countries will become inevitable. That Australia in the near future will be exporting vary largely of tha wool, wheat, wine, butter, cheese, mutton, pork, poultry, canned and dried fruits, etc., goes without saying. If Great-Britain, as the market of the world, should seriously consider the question of reciprocity, coald Australia afford to stand put ? In view of the increased pro duction we have referred, to and the in creased competition and lower prices that are certain to follow, the question of re ciprocity is one that will never have to be lost sight of if expect to maintain an export trade _ with . England on a profitable aiid- permanent basis. \- -- - - 