Wi4triet SnteUigenee. [Under this head is included the substance of the letters sent during the week by our variouB correspondents to the Daily Mcrcury.~] branxton . — As an indication of what may be accomplished by perseverance and sterling merit, Mr. T. Culton's extensive saw-mill plant is an illus tration. The proprietor has resided here for over 26 years, and at first was employed farming and dairying. Accepting employment in the old Branxton wheat-mill, he made himself indisoen able to his employer, and soon became manager. After a time a saw-raill was started, and Mr. Cullen was placed in charge. For many years, and indeed until the death of tho late Mr. E. V. C. Mayne, ho occupied this position' Some three years ago he leased the premises and started on his own acsount, but finding the appliances cumbersome and out of date, he secured his present site and on it has erected a plant, the machinery of which is capable of supplying 2000ft. per day. At the rear of a building 60ft. by 37ft. is a dam having a capacity of nearly 100,000 gallons. The engine and boiler were supplied by Tan'gye, and are admirably adapted for the work. In addi tion to this every appliance requisite in a sawmill is found here on the newest and most approved scale so that orders sent in can now bo dealt with in the Bpeedieat and most satisfactory manner. COONABARABRAN. — The Land Board finished a one day's sitting here on Monday, and about 20 cases were dealt with. Tho Chairman and District Inspector Poate started to Merrygoen this morning. uUNNEDAH. — At the annual meeting of the j P. A. and H. Association, which was held on Friday evening, the balance-sheet showed an overdraught of £220, but had members paid up this year tho society would be out of debt. As no Bhow hud been held only « few subscriptions were received. It ib anticipated that the next Bhow will be on May 16 and 17, 1895, and will wipe out tho debt. The officers were re-elected. GRAFTON . — An extraordinary experience hap pened on Friday to Messrs. Gregs; and Oakes, clerks in the District Survey Office. They had occasion to go into the strong room, with a view of putting away some books and documents. While in the room tho door 6lammed and became jammed, and could not be opened for a considerable time. Air was forced in through the keyhole to prevent the ' prisoners' from being smothered, but at last it was found necessary io make a hole in the wall to give enough air. When the strong room was ultimately opened the men were quite exhausted, Mr. Gregg having fainted. G00RANG00LA. — An accident which might havo proved fatal happened on Saturday, Nor. 24, to James Larney, eon of the late Mr. T. Larney of Larney'a Flat. It appears he was riding to Goo rangoola on tho day mentioned, when his horse took it into its head to bolt; and, becoming unmanage able, eventually collided with a fence in its head loDg career, throwing its rider, saddle and al), on to the ground. Happily, the accident resulted in no more serious injury than a severe sprain in the right wrist, and the little boy may consider himself ' very fortunate in having escaped so lightly. — On Tuesday, November 27, a little infant child of Mr. and Mrs. C. Schmierer was taken away by that malady so common among children — whooping cough. This complaint has not properly left the district since the beginning of winter; and the frequent changes from extreme heat in the day to comparative coldness at night, render all such ail ments somewhat prevalent just now. Much sym pathy is felt for the bereaved parents of the little one in their loss. JERRY'S PLAINS. — The township was on Sunday, Nov. 25th, favoured with a visit from the Lord Bishop of Newcastle, a privilege of which the inhabitants were by no means slow to avail themselves. The vicar (Rev. E. Huband-Smith) met him in Singleton on Saturday, and escorted him to the vicarage, '?here the Bishop remained during his atay. The rite of confirmation was duly administered in St. James's Church to 39 candidates of both sexes. The congregation, which was an overflowing one, listened with rapt attention to the stirring, spirited, earnest addresses, enforced with an exuberant wealth of incisively developed apt illustration. Some of the candidates came from Glennio's Creek and some from Warkworth. Wo were glad to observe a gallant lancer among the candidates. Young men are as a rule very chary of making any attempt at a public profeasion of thoir faith. At the celebration of the Sacrament thero were 57 communicants. The Bishop preached again in the evening from Acts II. and the last words of the last verse, ' The Lord added to the Church daily those that were being saved,' to a very full and attentive congregation. On Monday the Bishop drove to the Bulga, where again he had a confirmation in a fairly- filled church. The number of confirmca at St. James's was 39, and at SI . Mark's, Bulga, 10. Tho communi cants at St. James's numbered 57, and at St. Mark's 10\. — We had a lovely rain on Saturday last of 1-J inches by measurement. The farmers and graziers are jubilant . M0REE , — The bore has been deepened to 1250 feet. No information has yet been locally received as to a new Bite in place of that at Boggabilla. — Geological surveyor Stonier arrived by coach on Thursday to inspect the district. Mr. Hy. Joseph drove Mr. Stonier to several spots having a geologi cal interest — tc the gravel deposits on Mr. F. P. Sbllings' property, also to the bore where some time was spent in examining the material brought up. It would be an impertinence to mention any remarks made by that gentleman, in view of hiB full report, but one matter can be mentioned, — 'That the leaf impres sions occurring in these vast shale oc blue mud deposits, prove that it was by the action of fresh- and not sea water.' To-day, by the courtesy of Mr. John Maloney, a visit was paid to that gentleman's property, where the only real evidences of rock in the district can be seen, hard ringing sandstone, ironstone, and splint coal (seam about 3 feet in thickness). Some pieces of coal were obtained from the tip at the well which, although raised since May 1892, show no evidence of being perished from exposure to the atmosphere. — Some very prime samples of oaten and wheaten hay in sheaves from Mr. F. P. Soiling's large crops have been on view at Mr. J. Kay's shop this week. These are good in colour, aroma, grain, and growth (not too rank). Our chaff supplies are mainly drawn from the neighbourhood of Inverell, but we shall soon be independent of outside supplies. — Mr. Arthur J. Prentice, President of the Mait land Scientific Society, has written asking for samples of geological specimens from this district for his society, also offering to exchange specimens from his district. These will be forwarded as occasion arises, somo shortly. NARRANDERA. — At the Police Court on Tuesday six employes of the Narandera Brewery were charged with working on Sunday, November 18\. The Police Magistrate considered brewing not work of necessity, and fined the men 5s, with 4s lOd costs. This decision will affect another large industry in the district, as the Commissioners have to send freezing cars from Narrandera on Sundays, or the Freezing Co. will lose two days per week. NEWCASTLE. — The Waratah miners have I decided to accept the offer of the company, and work for average yardage rates paid in the district. — A little boy named Wilson was enjoying himself in the Newcomen Baths on Saturday afternoon, when he suddenly sank. He was rescued after several seco ids' immersion, and was brought round with considerable difficulty.— The wreck of the Gwydir is to bo sold, as it is generally conceded that it is impossible to save the vessel intact. — Among the malefactors who faced the local bench on Monday was the notorious aboriginal Tommy Ryan, who, it may be remembered, several monthB back escaped from Grafton gaol, and upon being arrested Borne weeks later snatched the constable's revolver whilst the handcuffs were being fixed and after wounding the officer again got away. For this offence the Full Court agreed with the black's acquittal as it considererd him illegally uuder arreBt when interfered with on the second occasion, the warrant having run out. Yesterday Tommy was with another charcoal-tinted gentleman named, Jaokey Hughes ordered to be lodged in the Mait land .gaol for 14 days for stealing clothing. Before lie was apprehended he gave the arresting policeman a very lively /ton' miuufceB;— The Quarter' Sobhou were opened on Monday before Mr. Acting District vyonrt Judge Rodgers. — Further proof was given on Tuesday that sharks are plentiful .in the harbour as well as on the beach. A: man was fishing from the . dredge on that day, and hooked a large Jew 'fish, which he had drawn nearly to the top of the water- when a fierce shark dashed at it and secured tho prize, ail-but a portion of the head. It is reported that on the previous day a Jetv fish weighing 561b. was cap tured from the dredge. — At the monthly meoting of tho general committee of the Newcastle Hospital, held on Tuesday evening, a gratifying report was given of tho satisfactory working of the institution. The balance- sheet for tho month of November showed the receipts to be £160 15s 7d, and the expenditure £325 2s Id. The receipts were made up of — fees, £102 8a ; subscrip tions, £58 7s 7d. Tho main items of expense were — new building and fencing, £115'15s ; wages and salaries, £77 3s 7d ; groceries, £18 6s Id ; plumb-' ing, £15 13s 6d; extra labour, £12 15a lid ; milk and eggs, £10 19s 8d; burials, £10 7s 6d. — The committee appointed in connection with the fund proposed to be raised to assist young Horace Hewison, who had hie arm bitten off by a shark, met on Tuesday evening, when the re- - coipt of several .donations was acknowledged, and the hon. treasurer announced .that: so far £53 7s 6d had been received independent of promises. A sub-committee was then appointed to canvass for subscriptions, and Bteps were taken to have the heroic conduct of Hereward Hewison, in going to the rescue of his brother when attacked ? by the shark brought under the notice of the Royal Humane Society of Anstralasia, I may mention, that Mr. J. D. Beeston is honorary secretary to the movement. SCONE- — The Catholic ladies of Scone are working energetically to make their bazaar, which opens on Tuesday next, a succesB. Assistance is coming from all quarters, bo they havo reason to be hoppful as to the result. The art union, which was postponed, will take place on the same day as the bazaar. STEWART'S BROOK. — After three weeks' hot - weather, a most delighttul, change has occurred. On Wednesday last heavy clouds began to 'gather and towards evening a thunderstorm passed over. Not a great deal of rain fell, but the air was cooled, and since then each day we have had a small allowance of rain. We hear the storm was heavier down at Belltrees, bo it has extended well. Sunday however, was quite wintery, making us take brisk walks to be comfortably warm. Though not nearly enough rain ; yet what has fallen will do an immense amount of good, the ground bad become very dry, and grass had gone off amazingly. Some extensive bushfires were raging close at hand, fill ing the air with smoke for a few days so as to make it only seem transparent. SINGLETON. — Atl] o'clock on Saturday night a bright light was noticed in the shop window of the brick building in George-Btreet, known as Burdekin Park Stores until recently in the occupa tion of Mr. J. W. Campbell, but which is now un tenanted. A number of people at once rushed to the spot and found the place on fire. The window was smashed in and fortunately there was an . ample supply of water close at hand, and the fire was extinguished with buckets before it got a thor ough hold of the premises, which are the property of Mr. William Waddell, of Townhond. — Mr. John HayeB, President of the Singleton Farmers Associa tion, met with a painful accidont on Saturday last. It appears that Mr. Hayes had journeyed to Jerry's Plains with a team of cricketerB from Bulga to meet the Jerry's Plains Club at a match there.. Whilst the game was proceeding Mr. Hayes was struck by a swift ball on the point of the nose and . upper lip, the force of the concussion being so great that it was at first feared that the upper jaw had been fractured. ; this, however, was fortunately not the case, but Mr. Hayes' face for the tixe being was seriously disfigured. He bled very much, and the loss of blood caused him to become greatly exhausted. Mr. Hayes was conveyed home in a buggy and his injuries were carefully attended to by his wife. Mr. Hayes' many friends are hope ful that he will speedily get over the worst effects of this unfortunate accident, especially as his busy fruit period is now fast approaching. — A special meeting of members of the Mechanics' Institute was held at the institute on Monday evening last, 3rd instant, to consider a latter received from a towns man, offering to lend the committee £200, for the purchase of the billiard tables. About 20 members were present. Mr. H. McFadden, jun. (President), occupied the chair. A letter was read, stating that £200 would be loaned on the security of the billiard tables, furniture, and piano, for 3 years, at 8£ per ccnt. ; and stating that no less a sum than £50 would be received at any one time for the repayment of the principal. It was pointed out by some of the members present, that the interest was rather high for the security offered. The Chairman, in reply, stated that he had tried very hard to procure the money at a lower rate of interest, but had not been successful. Mr. Perrier moved that the offer be nccepted. Seconded by Mr. Crampton. Dr. Read, in supporting the motion, said he did so although he . contended that the interest was rather high ; but he would do so, as he thought that by losing the chance of buying the billiard plant the Council would lose a large revenue. The motion, on being put to the meeting, was carried by an overwhelming majority. — Miss Lily MoDougall, daughter of our esteemed towns man, Mr. David McDougall, waB successful in passing the intermediate division at tbe exami nation held last week by tbe abovo Association in Sydney. What makes the success of this talented young lady still more gratifying is the circumstance that this is the first musical examination she has ever gone up for, and that only during the last two months has MiBS McDougall had the benefit of the high professional musical staff at St. Vincent's College, Sydney, where she has been a boarder Bince tbe commencement of the present quarter* The monthly meeting of this Society was held on Monday evening, Mr. A. C. Robinson being the Receiving Director. The sum of £232 8s 5d was paid in for members' subscriptions and redemption moneyB. WALGETT. — A two-story detached cottage on the outskirts of the town was burned down on Fri day morning. The premises were owned by Mr. Staunton, and they were occupied by Mr. Kennett, solicitor. The fire was first discevered by Mr. Kennett, who vainly endeavoured to arrest its progress, but he only succeeded in rescuing his wife and child. Tho property was insured in the Phoenix Office for £500. The furniture and effects were uninsured. 