DISTRICT 31st inst., the Upper Yi will proceed to strike the ratable property wi The attention of fruitgrowers is directed to thp tofcujadvertisementof Messrs Foy and Gibson f iiianother column, concerning their celebrated S^^al,&derthe;^j^efoSpie " Century " fruit jarey, WUJ1 ffliriT |tiahjBftdeaffr Society wift tjft ;M|fiiaaistji3brcb, LifTOa}e,| wis jheffl cm •JMond^ gggl^yast iu;tttfe afoot GD< persons were presmtf and a thoroughly enjoyable tinje _>vas^peut. . , Cheese making is being .actively, pursued at kh'e Cave Hill butter factory,-an'd a large quantity is to b? e.^orj^d. The^ , the bacou from this establishment is also increasing,, and a consignment s "P tons was despatched last weekl \ | \ i 5 [ Mr Maxwell, L*L.fe., will conduct the children's service at the Presbyterian Church, Lilydale, on Sunday morning next, when the proceedings - will he . rendered .ipore than ordinarily interesting by his delivery of the " Ssory of a Gold Thread." Our Healesville correspondent, writing on Wednesday, stated that.the weather for the previous four days had been exceedingly liot. Smoke from bushfires was to be seen : n various directions, but there were none near the town. 1 ' Duriug the intense heat of Friday last a case of sunstroke occured afr the; Cave Hill linieworks, the victim being an employe named Cilsou, who liad oolyljeenC taken«on' a few .days previously. Gilson has been . very H|.snice, aad is now sl-jvvly recovering. During the past week the district has been enveloped in smoke supposed to be from bush firescaused by the intense heat experienced. We learu that in the majority of cases the fires were not caused by the heat, but through settlers and others burning ofE It will be seen on refereuce to our advertising columns that the Independent Order of Oddfellows, Lilydale, will celebrate their .anniversary_on Wednesday, March lAtli, by., holding sports duting the day and a bill at night. See posters for further particulars. Wc notice that Mr J. Hamblin, baker and confectioner, has removed into his new shop in Main street, Lilydale. In addition to his bakery business he has added refreshment rooms- This should be a great boon to ±he travelling public as well as being a pecuniary benefit to Mr Hamblin. The annual Harvest Thaukegiving services in connection with tlie Methodist Church,, Lilydale, will be held on Suuday, itli prox., when appropriate sermons will be delivered by ministers specially iuvited. The ebonwill render suitable hymns and chants, aud the church will be decorated with fruit, flowers, vegetables aud sheaves of corn. During the past week Mr Robert Walker (late of the Lilydale Shire Council), iu company with several other gentlemen representing the Collingwood School Board :of Advice, visited the town for the purpose of making arrangements for a monster school picnic, to take place on the 8th March next. We learn that Mr Artis has very kindly placed his paddock on the Olinda Creek at the dispoal of the committee. We learn that Captaiu Price, who has been in charge of the local branch of the Salvation Army for some months past, is shortly to take his departure, haviug been transferred to Camperdown. Last night a farewell social was tendered to Captain and Mrs Price by a number of their friends, in the Rechabite Hall, and a pleasant evening was passed. The officers at Camperbown will be transferred to Lilydale. The contractor for landing the machinery for further trying the old Christmas Reef at Reefton completed his task in the begining of the week. The work was of a most laborious nature, especially ,the : -last nine miles, over which the heavy parcels required to-be packed. The further development ; of the mine will be watched with interest. Now that Mr D. Mitchell, of Cave Hill, has once more commenced manufacturing cement at his works, Burnley, business has become brisker at the Cave Hill Linieworks, aud about eight trucks of lime are dispat ;hed daily from the limekilns. This will be good news for the district, as it means employment for extra men. We sincerely trust that the demand for the celebrated " Emu " cement and Cave Hill lime, will greatly increase. The residents of Healesville aud district will learn with deep regret of the death cf Miss Annie Paddock, who some years since was a resident of that town. Whilst in Healesville Miss Paddock took a leading part in the affairs of the Methodist Church, aud was an ardent worker, in the cause of temperance. The deceased had been in failing health for some time, and her death took place at her mother's residence, Brixton street, Flemington, on Tuesday last. Her remains were iaterred in the Melbourne General Cemetery on Wednesday, Mr D. Berrimau, clerk of courts, Lilydale, has kiudly forwarded us the returns of the Lilydale Police Court for the quarter ending December 31, 1893. The cases were as foflow :—Larceny, 1; against the person, 3 ; against property, 2; druukenness, 2; against police aud good order, 8; cases beard 15; convictions, 13. Civil cases — Number heard, 45 ; aggregite amount of debt claimed, £164 IGs. 0?,d.; aggregate amount awarded, £141 lls. Gii Licenses and certificates granted, 9 ; lunatics examined, 2\. Total number of cases heard during quarter, 73. The number of cases settled out of court amounted to 54. The magistrates attended as follows:—Major Bartrop, P.M., 2 ; Mr J. J. O'Meara. P.M , 1; Dr Kilpatrick, J.P., 9 ; Mr J. Rourke, 8 ; Mr G. R. White, 7 ; Mr R. Black, C ; Mr E. Hunter, 3 ; Mr T. Maciutyre, 2 ; Mr •T. Rnfcpr 9 J. Baker, 2. Messrs Williamsou aud Musgrove have d cided this year to inaugurate special performances of their Christinas attraction on Anniversary Day (this day). The production i his year is the pantomime of " Little Red Riding Hood," and the Melbourne press speaks in the very highest terms of the production, stating, in fact, that from a spectacular point of view nothing has yet been seen to equal it in Australia. The entire performance is said to be of the most gorgeous description, aud the novelties introduced of the most striking character. Amongst these, special mention should be made of Caicedo, a really marvellous wirewalker, whose performance on-a single wire must be seen to bs believed. He march is across the wire with giant strides, bounding in the air three or four ieet at a step. He leaps seven or eight feet into the air and lands lightly on the wire again, sometimes on one foot, sometimes on both. He sits on the wire, and taking a tremendous spring, turns a single and double somersault, and alights again with apparent ease npon the ^"ire. Great enthusiasm has been aroused in Melbourne over this performance, and visitors from the country should certaiuly not miss the pantomime if only for that; but there ate many other equally : attractive features— the Danse Lumineuse, with its very clever arrangement of lights is really a beautiful effect, and the Sports Procession an elaborate and highly entertaining Ballet and March, depicting the various Australian sports. The caste is an exceeding powerful one, including Miss Jennie Lee, Miss Violet .Parley, Mr Robert Courtneidge, Mr J. R. Greville, the Gregory Bros, Mr. R; E- Wateon, Messrs. McKesson, Kearns and many others well known in thi country and iu "Melbourne. . The scenery of Messrs Gordon and Goatcher is spoken of as very fine. On the whole the production _ seems to be a most elaborate and attractive one,, and the special performances arrauged and the excursion; rates for railway travelling should make this ail excellent opportunity of visiting the.Princess Theatre and seeing the pantomime. auctioneer, Catnberwell, Id his first sale at h inst. A large number yarded aud satisfactory prices At the Templestowe market yarded consisted springers. The ig prices obtained. 12s. 6d. and stores from 1" i^*liijni>Tr Sweetnam held his opening sale atT)andenong ou the 16th inst. Only a moderate number of cattle were yarded, but all classes sold well. There was a better demand for horses than has been of late, while pigs also sold will. % Mr MajBtin, SSEfpan^e^Ag&ultu;^.jIfas ^ c e i v c d G o v e r n - ment ei^ttjolomS© respewmgjtlfe bofcF fly. JB r Frefidi|is|H o^ni^a Wat no very j*reat ^ilarin S(SI3T»eTelt as to stock w^iicB may be attacked by the pest, a very simple and efectaalcnrfetornfc^iflte'^^ which . should be rubbed upon the parts aTIecleS. s Mr : French is quite satisfied that -the insect in question-is not-identical -with the Euglish bot fly. It is the same size as the ordinary bjowrfly.^ Mr-, Martin has :torWarded |Mr^French's rfepbrt to Mr Pentland, stock inspector at the Customs department. 