extensive Bushfire VAST DESTRUcTION OF GRASS, FENC. ING =AND TIMBER A bushfire' which was attended by the destruction of a large amount of property occurred on Saturday last. The fire started about a quarter to 3 in the afternoon in what is known as Shakespere's Gully on the Kilmure Estate, about 4 miles to the north of the town.. There appeared to be no one about the spot where the fire commenced, and as there was a strong south wind blowing, it rapidly spread and caused a general feeling of alarm as the dense' volumes of smoke arose above the tree tops and became visible to residents of the town and surrounding locality. The Knowsley and Top Forest district last year was subjected; to an extensive and disastrous bushfire, and taking into consideration "the strong wind and good growth of grass now rendered highly inflammable by the heat of the weather, there was every reason to fear a repetition this year of the sad disaster. Unfortunately 'the fears were realised to a great extent, as the destruction of grass, fencing -even post and rail fencing- and timber has been very extensive. As the smoke rose willing hands from far and near hurried to the scene, to afford what assistance they could in arresting the spread of the enemy, but the strong Wind drove the flames along as fast as a horse -could gallop, in parts where the grass was of high and thick growth. In such places' there was no standing before it. Roads or lanes were taken by the fire at a bound, and to the surprise of those at work at it and were endeavoring to check it at a road or lane, the grass would be noticed to start blazing yards out beyond the road in the opposite paddock, The work of checking the fire was a most trying and difficult one, to say nothing of the danger of the situation throug the crashing ever and anon of falling trees and branches. After fairly starting, the fire consuming grass and fences in in its course quickly travelled north through the upper portion of the Kilmure Estate, crossed the line into the property known as Eatwell's, where the dwelling house was only saved by the exertions of those on the spot. From there it swept through the property of the late Mr R. "Cox, and on through a portion of Mr J. S. Muir 's property; consuming a portion of his crop standing in the stook From there it swept through Mr T. Farley's property destroying his wool shed and sheep--yards, From there it continued on to portions of Mr W. Duncan's and Mr ,J. O'Brien's land, and from there in the direction of the Mes-rs Erwins properties, getting into a corner of Mr P. Erwin's property and. burning some of the grass. The fire was not got under till about 7 o'clock on Sunday evening. The destruction of grass and fencing was very great, and. also of valuable timber. The heaviest losers were the owners of the Kilmtire-Estate and the property known as Eatwell's, Mr T Farley and Mr D. Cox and McLennan holdiing the late Mr R Cox's property, who were 'all heavyj losers ?If grass~..and. fencing, and timber. Iin soibe instances stock had narrow escapes, but intfrtunately some sheep were lfinit belonging t6 -aMr M'Lennan. In Mr 'Cox's paddock there were 70 sheep and 4 horses that were thought to have perished, but the horses and nearly fall, the,\ sheep, fwere"~'?founa all" ritlt- near !ia (lhzn. o ? Stiud morning, The burnt carcasses of 4 of the sheep±rero afterwards} found in the'paidoek, and it is supposed a few mor.. have. bee....destroyed ..... evernl. propierties .also naiurowly escaped, including Mr Hollinussworth's, of which. the-fire passed.=wltliti,'-.'a fe, yards, and was only kept off "'it -i' the hard work, of th'oe assisting to check its;:apread; There were so many willing hands at the fire from far and near that we do not care to mention any specially, suffice to say the3 -went from the town, 4iideoti edistant parts?.soi lding even' the Wild Duc12"Oriek, a"far?.-p n'a the.: Kyneton Road. We, are con st ained, h. owever,"' to "inention the nme ?of Mr' J, 8S Cocks, w'ho is highly spoken of as acting the pirt of the Good Samaritan on Sunday mor.n ing- inttakinig out half: a buggy load df. bread, ý pr.oportionate coniplermefi, of cheese,' some ,whisky, '.i . and.. everal gallons of good fresh.water,' to' revive the spirits of and invigorate the workers. It is needless to say. that this act was niich .paplreciated, and the good things greatly enjoyed. At the fire last year, MIr Cocks, it will no doubt be". reiiembered, displayed similar kindness: There were also -somennarroW escapes~from falling ti'fie,. Among them-may. be mentioned, that of Afei'srts'\V. Hill and`: O."!Prjbr. They were driving along a - road through the fre, followed by Messrs A. Speed and K. Bradshaw in a second buggy, when a large green tree that had been burnt through crashed downin front of them; and.so close that in, consequence of tlie dust, iht waiis' kicked up by the tree and tilhe flying. debris, ithey could noti itellifor "the; m'imen. whether the horse they wwere driving had been' -'struck': ori'.not. Though no damage wais done, they: were forced to the conclusion that: the' shave was too close to be. pleasant. The following is an estimate of thi quantity of 'fencing :nod grass des troyed:-The Kilmnre estate, 4 'miles of fencing and: 700 acres ofr grass, including the property;'known. as Eatwell's. ' M r Farley, aliut 2 mile, of fencing and 500 acres of grass. 'Messrs: Cox and IP'Lennana about 3.miles of fencing and 400 acres ofi grass:'; Oni theotheripropertieis over, pnrtions of whlich the fire passed the loss nf grass and-, fenclnr were fortuifately small. Messrs O'Brieni.and Duncan lost about 16' chins of tlhe division fence between their properties,: and iabhou 40 acres of. grass.: ?-~ :M uir: a'bo;t 12. stooks of his. crop, With, a,srumall quantitity of fencirig, and 'Ir "Erwin a sniall qut iity ,tf giias: ' A te?t' near wher 'the fire started, 6isiped. The owners. were away at tlhei imni, hut the fire was kept off it biy ths iat tlhe firs Mounted Conistable Ar hr: .was at the fire doing good service on both Siatiu.day and Sunday, and speaks highly of those who Ifnght -the fire. On Sundahiy there being a liargecI nnm her of poaple on the sce n, who worked ,well, had. it not been, tor .wl ~ich it 'would have been hard to say where the fire ivould H> niieiiieo??kYoeca.a into the town this alt rnoon-- f'ie the firehbad just.broken out, again on. the south sidieof tibeKilmura property. 