THE LAUD. AND WHAT IS DONE WITH IT. The N.S.W. Agricultural department forwarded a consignment of 12 dozen eggs to "Vancouver by the last mail steamer -with the object of seeing bow they will carry and the price they will fetch. Eggs are selling in Sydney at 5d a dozen, and if they reach Canada in good condition at Christmas it is anticipated that they will be worth from Is 6d to 2s a dozen. Professor C. S. Plumb, of the Purdue University Experiment Station, in a letter to the " Jersey Bulletin," records the following interesting facts:—" This sum mer we have been feeding six ihilch cows on coarse ground wheat. The ration was pastnre, green corn fodder, and two pounds of coarse ground wheat, fed morning and night at first. This amount was soon increased to three pounds at a feed, and this was maintained until in August, when the wheat ration was just doubled, twelve pounds a day being fed. The results of this work are incorporated in a mass of details, in an experiment ox tending over one year, and so compara tive figures are not given here; suffice it to say that the wheat was most satisfac tory in the influence on milk secretion and the physical condition of the cows. At the time the increase to six pounds of wheat was made the milk supply ; was falling off, so the extra food was given to keep np the flow, and its beneficial influence was felt almost "at once. This experience has been so-satisfactory we shall feed ground wheat to our milch cows to the exclusion vof some other concentrated feeds." The action of the Stratbfieldsaj-e Shire Council-In deciding to ask t'ue land owners m that district to plough fire breaks round their properties,; with the i Tiewof preventing, if possible, extensive bush-fires, is likely to have a good effect throughout, the country.. Mr Thomas Koberison, of Congbool, . Balmoral, has i the " Hamilton Spectator " on this subject, and • he recommends the use of the treble - furrow stuurp-jump p.oagh as "being admirably adapted tbe purpose. The danger in a season like this, when grass is so abundant, of a great bush fire carrying ruin to many country residents cannot be over-rated. Summer has come on us with great sud denness, and if any "combined effort is to be made to prevent great fires, not a day must be lost. The negligence of land holders generally in' making any attempts to secure themselves against fire is such as to justify the Strathfieldsaye Shire Council in asking Parliament to make it i compulsory _ on landholders to form efficient fire breaks on their land. It must be borne in mind by all who form fire breaks that a few feet is not - of the slightest use. The flames of a bush fire driven: on by the. fiery breath of a gale from the north, will easily leap across a narrow break if it occurs directly across its path.- Where it is possible the lines of & break should, not he directly opposed to the north wind. \- The traffic on the railways during last week has been muck more brisk than usual, especially in wool and. wheat. Twelve thousand bales of the former staple -were brought down from Echuca alone, whither they had been brought byg steamer. An extensive outward business tyus ■ also done in general merchandise. The freight value of' wheat and wool remaining 011 hand from last year which has still to he removed from country stations is assessed by the commissioners at £13,000. That amount is expected, to he realised within three or four weeks additional to the ordinarv revi_-imt;, ana xiien will foliow "the busy times and augmented receipts of the grain and wool season of 1891 wiiieh commences next month. The. question of allowing a drawback j on reaper and binder twine exported from j the colony under certain conditions has been decided by the customs authorities in the affirmative. Among the many interesting exhibits at the London Dairy Show, held on October .9, was the section for honey, which, attracted much attention. The classes were for 12 jars of run honey, about lib each ; comb honey, granulated honey, and extracted honey in lewt. and 2Slb lots. Pour prizes were given in each class. Beekeeping has become such a general occupation in Victoria, and the quantity of honey produced has become of such, importance, that the industry deserves more notice than it has hitherto received at the bauds of our leading agricultural societies. A good exhibition of honey would be uu education to many in Victoria, where the useful qualities of this valuable food are hut little known. : - The Buteshire has brought 10,00 sisal hemp plants, consigned to the Minister of Agriculture, South Australia. - There have -been 50 applicants for nearly 15,000 plants—iu lots of from 1 to 2000. M. Van de Hoyde, of Belgium, -draws attention to the increasing prosperity of Denmark in the production of butter, and that has next to the monopoly of the English market, while taking at the same, time the top prices—not quite exact, since France holds the record-in "that > respect for her basket butters. TTi- own I country—Belgium—once occupied high butter rank iu the British, market^ but lost that position solely from negligence iu the preparation of the butter and also owing to adulteration. The Denmark butter, thanks to vigilant inspection, is wholly free from these drawbacks. Between 1SS6 and 1S92 the export of Danish, butter to England alone has augmented 1400 per cent. There are 2400 dairies in Denmark, of which 2000 are owned by individual farmers, the remainder are co-operative creameries, working up the milk furnished by small cultivators, whose joint efforts secure the most improved apparatus and seieutific processes, while obtaining uniformity of brand. Denmark has 600,000 milch cows. As London is the greatest market in the world—for everything—the French farmer spares no expense or trouble to ascertain the secret of what brands of butter please citizens best. Hence why the French Government sends out pupils to study the dairy systems a:ul schools of England and Denmark. Milk and beef arc the products for fanners who desire to be uj) to date in holding their own. "With reference to the tanning plant, Canaigre, illustrated in the " Leader " last week, Sir "W. Clark, secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures, Queensland, states that Mr It. B. Cuming, of the chemical works, New Thebarton, has cultivated the plant. A good many roots are "being taken to Fiji. The roots have "to be grown and cultivated like chicory, then dug up, cleansed, dried and ground, when the canaigre is worth perhaps £S per ton. A 10 ton crop, when dried, is; estimated to make At to 4 tons of canafgre. > ; One ot the examiners for diploma in dairying-of the Scottish B airy Institute a£d the Glasgow and South-west of Scotland Technical College told the agricultural editor of the " Kilmarnock Standard" that he had rather a good passage at arms with one of the fema'e candidates, which brought to the front a very important point with regard to the future improvement of the Ayrshire.cow. " "What would guide you," he asked of the candidate, " in your selection of a milk cow?" "I would see liow she milked," -was the reply. "Xes, hut would you be guided by no outward point—by the general look of the animal, by her figure ? " "Kb; I wouldjust see how she milked." " Would the shape or the size of the milk-vessel, or the appear ance of the milk-vessel, not enable you to come to some conclusion in the matter ? " No," she still replied, " I would just milk her." " If she had a large milk vessel, would you not consider her likely to fill the luggie ? " Still she shook her head, and said, "No," adding further. " There's many a , cow with a big udder that gives very little milk." "A'well, lassie," replied he, " you are not far wrong; your, test is the .best, after all." - Upon the question of preserviug the outside of ensilage stacks by salt, a cor respondent to the hlarkl<ane Express " says :—" When-before the ensilagecom mifcteelpubliely made known this fact, and I enclose a sample just cut from the out side of a large stack after lengthened ex posure to the air. ; Only one portion' of the outside was salted as. an experiment. There is no - mould or waste where , salt was applied, but plenty where there is no salt. -The stack.(ahont . 100 tons) was built in u circular shape aud allowed to settle down for aco'uple of weeks, when it was pared rouud hard. with a hay knife? | the parings being used to top up'the stack with. -Where salt was applied it' was shaken freely round the" outside,bv hand for a width; of about 15 inches, every layer of grass having a sprinkling of salt. The tougher the fibre of tho' grass when stacked the better have I found it pre served by. salt."- The editor :'says " The.saiuple is peculiarly fragrant' and sweet,.and there is not the slightest trace of mould. The.grass is well preserved and the leaves and flowers perfect. It is an excellent sample. The salt seems a perfect remedy'for the outside wasted' As silage stacks have many advantages over pits, the only drawback being the outside waste, it would be:well for some of pur readers to give this ■ plan a trial and make the results known. Another village . settlement fiasco is reported, this time from Bullarto, where the Essendon Tillage Settlement Associa tion was established. It appears that the men comprising the association . selected the land themselves and proceeded, to settle there against the; advice of the Surveyor-General, who found that the land was notiit for.agricultural purposes, and reported to that effect to the late Minister, of Bands.:. The Bullarto instance is typical of a number of, other village settlements that have utterly failed in tueir object, and on which the money spent by way of improvement has simply been wasted. Tbo question of exporting bacon io London has been engaging the attention of Messrs MTlwraitli, MI'Eacham and Co., of Collins-street, and with a view of ascertaining the best form. in which to ship the product, the firm" in. question wrote to its London agents for informa tion on the subject. In reply the firm received a side of bacon and a Canadian bacon packing case, together with a communication stating that the best way in which to show the quality and the appearance of the bacon, wbieb would command the highest prieein the English market, was to send out a side of "Wilt shire bacou.^togeiber with:a Canadian bacon, packing,, case, such as is nsed in forwarding consignments from Canada to the London market. The bacon is packed in a large quantity of salt in an ordinary ease, and found to he in a sound condi tion, except .at the shoulder hone. According to advices received by the linn Liu- w-Pc iiu.*;.»-oa is to produce bacon with a medium sized back and thick belly piece. The Canadian packing case proved to be an ordinary rectangular box, in which, it appears, the sides of bacon are packed, and sprinkled ivith a thin layer of horax. It is intended to exhibit the bacon at the city refrigerating works for the informa tion of those who contemplate entering upon the bacon curing industry. 31\. Gossiatix, of Louvuin, Belgium, has a model piggery; it is a village, where ranges of sties are situated in green fields. He breeds and fattens some 2000 begs annually; race, the Yorkshire; tbey con sume 500 tons of meal alone per annum. The sheds are lit by the electric light, af vet. visits the stock daily and there is an infirmary for ailing- animals: the floors are daily flushed and the sties weekly white washed. He bus reduced the waste from 30 to 15 per cent, on the cutting up of the carcase. . Harvesting lias jnst commenced "at Beeac. Crops are all heavy , round the district, and grass abundant. 