Queensland Stock Movements; and State of the Country. (Quean slander, July 14.) Only three stations in Queensland have reported ram this week, and tho quantities registered there were insignificant. Throughout the country the weather has been 'set fair' and cold. Frosts have benu frequent, and on Wednesday last the minimum thermometer reached its lowest point this year 21deg., the station reporting being Cambooya. Cairns, July 5.— The weather has been fine since yesterday. Townsville, July xo. — The weather is very cold and dry. Winton, July 11.—' Tbere are passing to-day 1732 store bullocks from Van Rook, travelling to Barana, near Muswellbrook, Bank of New South ' Wales owners. The mob are doing well, and have made a splendid trip bo far.— June 21 : A mob of 512 bullocks and cows passed last Monday, com prised of 1G0 bullocks from Bladensburg, the balance from Diamantina Lakes, bound for Lake's Creek. They are the property of Macartney and Percy, and J. A. Macartney.— July 10: The weather is beautifully fine, and tho nights bitterly cold. Marlborough, Julv5. — On the second instant o02 stove bullocks passed from Yaamba for Fernlcss station, 50 fat cows also left Glenprairie station for ? Mount Morgan. Cold nights with westerly winds prevail. Maryborough, July 11. — There was a sharp frost last night, and the weather is cold to-night. Thakgomindah, June 23. — Steady rain set in horo on Thursday night, and has continued with out intermission ever since. The total fall this morning at 9 o'clock registered l'84in., and steady rain is still falling. From reports to hand the fall appears to have been general all over the district It will be welcomed by the squatters as a veritable godsend, as not only will winter and summer feed be assured, but it will prevent bushfires which might otherwise, have occurred in connection with the shearing dispute. Gras3 was abundant all over the district, but was -just beginning to dry up, and a stray match v;would have sot the country in flames. This temptation will now be removed, as the present rain will freshen, up the grass and herbage will be shooting in all directions, making bush fires impossible This promises to be ono of the best seasons this district haB seen for many years past ; grass, herb age, and water are abundant, and the present rain will assure summer feed, even should no more rain fall during the present year. Adavale, July 9. — This morning was the coldest experienced here this winter, 7 degrees of frost being registered. CunnamtjliiA, July 11. — Tho weather has been fine, with sharp frosts for the past week. The country ia drying slowly, but all tho roads are still heavy. Tho prevailing winds are eouth-west. The maximum shade temperature for the week was 63 degrees, and the minimum .30 degrees. There are passing to-day 500 fat cattle from Comongin sta tion to Bourke, Cleve, Fink, and Co., owners. Tebiba, July 11. — The weather is very cold. Tap.oom, J uly 3. — The waters have all subsided after the recent floods, and the roads have. become again fit to travel. The irregularities in the coach arrangements have been the cause of considerable inconvenience to travellers, and what makes the matter more annoying iB that the opposition coach has b--en able to travel, while the mail has on three occasions during the late rains been delivered on horseback. We are now having beautiful weather, Blightly frosty. Roma, J uly 9. — Tho rainfall -for the half-year ended the 30th J une was 24'73in. The weather is fine, with a south-east wind. All the mails are now ' running up to time. — July 10: Nine degrees of Erost were registered here this morning. Dalby, July 6. — The weather is fine and frosty. Tqowoomba, July 9. — The weather is fine and very cold at nights. The thermometer this morn ing registered 17deg. at Cambooya and 23deg. at Toowoomba. — July 11: Heavy frosts still continue on the Darling DownB. The thermometer regis tered 15deg. at Cambooya this morning, and there has not been such a continuation of serere frosts since 1890. The wheat crops throughout the district, however, look promising. 