SEVEN HILLS. A few weeks ago some smarties stole a thousand tomato plants from Mr. All Bow's vegetable field. Nearly all the plants in the district except Ah Bow's were destroved bv frost. His were saved by means of extraordinary pre caution and unremitting attention. They were worth about £1 a hundred owing to extreme scarcity. On condoling with him, he smiled, saying they were not lost, they were only gone. Instead of using words unfit for publication and rushing for the police like a Euro pean, he with quiet skill, traced the pirates within twelve hours and secured his proofs. He did not rush matters for fear the plants would be destroyed. As it is he will be saved a lot of trouble as other people will be carefully nurtur ing his plants, till they come to garner in the fruits of their piratical trip to Seven Hills. Then Ah How will pre sent his proofs and put in his spoke. He will levy direct taxation on three persons on the improved value, and they will not be able to say boo. Thus Ah How will not put the country to ex pense by sooling on the police with the risk of losing tbe product of his plants, while he has lassoed the parties without their knowing it ; and when he hauls in the slack they will have nothing to do but pay up and look pleasant. i * i 4 The atmosphere has during the last few days performed some exceptional feats in velocity, apparently for tbe purpose of shewing that it is not to be outdone by the phenomenal and aston ishing speed records put up by the London North Western Express (as reported by cable) between ibpdon and Aberdeen. Every-body thought the wind speeds of last Sunday' ... very fine examples of atmospheric travel ; but the gale of Wednesday, beat Bana gher. As every body is aware whom in turn Banagher defeated, it is unne cessary to enlarge upon the rate and force and destructive power of Wednes day's performance. The winds of the last few days will be remembered for some time to come by all fruitgrowers. A power of oranges has been brought to the ground, and windfalls are a drug in the market. By Friday, it is pretty safe to say, the enormous quantities of windfalls rushed off to market will be; next door tp nosaleable, and will seaiseiy realise expenses. The troubles of the fruitgrowers have lately been neither few nor light. They have had unpar alleled frosts, they posses at the present time a very handsome drought, and the gentle zephyrs of the last few days have aerated gnd ventilated the orchards. They found , on Wednesday that they were inpossesMon of a Land Tax. They now bail with joy the fact that Tasman ian fruit will come into unrestricted competition with their own produce from 1st October. It is almost unne cessary to say that the face of every fruitgrower beams with jollity and that mey rao ineir nanae wicn glee. * * 3 * A very extensive bush-fire broke out on Sunday on Mr. P. A. Pearce's estate and did considerable damage. Among other things about 200 panels of fencing were destroyed. * * * * During the height of the gale on Sunday, a large ironbark tree was blown across the road opposite to and towards St. Andrew's Church. It was most fortunate that the tree did not fall during the service, as it is customary to let horses and vehicles stand on the roadside where the tree fell, Mr. J. Allen, the teacher of the Public School, assisted by willing helpers, removed the obstacle traffic by means of a crosscut saw and axes, and it was no lightwork. * ? i- * * This letter so fax is all wind, or rather about wind, so we will talk about rain. temporary absence of the local weather clerk, tbe leading member of The Firm gave a weather forecast for the day. He predicted torrents . of rain before evening ; but up to the time of posting this, the prediction has failed to come off. The Firm's leading representative while most estimable in business and private circles, is plainly out of his element in forecasting the weather. # 3 *! * The subject fought out at the last conversazione of the St. Andrew's de bating Society was — Which exercises the greater influence, reading or obser vation 1 The side that put its money oo reading won easily. 