TAlIALGA, rrrom our Cotrrtrpodtie. Soc.AL IN TvnE HALL:--At the invita. tiou of Mesers. E. McGilvray, J. Aylward, and W. J. Cree, some forty coupl)s, including most of the town null district young people, assembled in the hall on Friday evening last. IDoncing was kept up with great vigor the greater part of the night, exoep tionally good music being provided by Messrs. Morrie, Aylward, Molnnes, IBorgin, and others, Iefreshments were distributed on a most liberal scale throughout the night, these being, I understand, provided by the lady friends of the gentlemen who organised the affair. Too much credit cannot be given to these ladies and gentlemen for their untiring exer. tions during the night in attending to the wants of so large a number, and so well did they succeed that the social was looked upon by everyone present as one of the most enjoyable yet held here. Mr.George McGilvray acted as M.C. with conspicuous success.-It was rumored during the evening that we are to have a Hospital Ball on an early date. The matter only wants starting to secure a decent sum being realised for the institution alluded to. Fmi. Ar vrE CIuaCtt or ENGohAO PAeso.Ana.--Some commotion was caused in the town on Friday evening when a great smoke was seen to arise at the rear of the parsonage. In a very short time a hugo lire was observed, and on inquiring into the cause it was was learned the wood.heap had caught alight. The fire originated in the hurning of some chips which were stacked a good distance from the wood and apparently in a safe place ; but in some unaccountable manner a spark must have reached the wood. heap. The whole stack, some five or six tone, all billeted, was destroyed, and had the parsonage been at all of an inhlammable nature on the exterior it is more than probable that it would have caught. Damage to fences ko. is still heing done in various parts of the district by the outbreak of bush.fires. They simply cannot bo coped with in the present dry windy weather. TEA-MEETIna ANDf Bnuc AucTIzo. Thursday last was the day set apart for tbo annual reunion of the Church of England portion of our community. The day. was not a nice one for an outing, being exceedingly blustry and dusty. Undeterred however by this drawback, a large number of persons, including other denominalions, at tended the tea, and including the sum realised by the bruce auction alto. gether about £22 was realised-a most satisfactory taking, considering the ex treme scarcity of money at tihe present time. The edibles and other con comitants wore provided by members of the congregation, and loft nothing to be desired in the way of quality and quantity. Too much credit can not be given to the parishioners from the outlying districts, who attended and took a prominent part in the face of many diflioulties; while many of those nearer home did not venture out owing to the day being so very disagreeable. ECeISION COURT.-ThO oating police rungistrate of your town, Mr. F. 3R. Wilshire, visited Tarnaiga on Friday last for the purpose of holding a ro vision court. As the rolls had boon carefully revised by Senior.conatablo Goodhow, the sittings occupied only a very short time. Altogether some thirteen names wore excised from the roll (being dead or otherwise die. qualified), and throe now names were added. Pou.lce COURT.-Tho ease against Arthur W. Roid will be fully gone into on Wednesday, and an largo number of witnesoses, including many residents of Goulburn, will be ex amined the case will occupy a long time and create a lot of interest. Govs?n?nanrT IssacucTous.-During the w?ole the town has been visited by Mr. Brodio from the tronasury do partment, who inspected the policen station, courthouse, and post-oflice for the purpose of oexamining oflloial booas, documents, &o;, I under stand that the visit gave every satisfaction to the inspector. Mr. J. L. Smith .B.A., inspector of public schools, has also been touring the district on a vibit of inspection. At theo various schools in the districts a nIumber of pupils obtained oortifl cates of proiaoienoy from the inspector. IlAwinurnunr AoiciilTUivr AL Oor.ll.li?,. \--'lhe anuannl report of this institu. tion is now being circulated, and as the boolk contaiuns a vast fund of nue. fil and valuable information in a col lcoled form I am rather eurprised that more attonlion hall not boon paid to the matter by provincial nwnpappers. The college as purely a governmesnt institution formeuod for the purpose of disseminatting knowledge and costing the taxpayers ,f the community a docent penny, ought to malio some oliort to bring the results of the ex periments and exporienco derived therefrom in some popular form before the farmers anud dairymou of the com. munity. If a monthly journal wore issued at a ncuinal figure, much larger interest would bn manifested in the college than now is, and people would be kept more in touch with the doings there. Either that or if country news pnpors would establish an agricultural column, and bring under the notioe of their readers some of the more im portant information an opportunity offered. Everything seems to be carried on on a sointifie basis, and the book in well worthy of porusal. At times it in slightly humorous, whether with malice prc. penie. I lnow not, for example we read that many of the students oabow a natural aversion to bees--well most people have-if the aversion ain't natural, it in vrey likely to bo acquired in the oourno of acquaintance with those insects-the professor has pro. bably never hind a boo in his bounot. Again in the report in the poultry department we road of the death of a muscovy duck from fatty dogenera tion of the liver. Now isungino five and twenty able-bodied students, and a professor in blo goggleo holding a sort of autopsy on a dead duck-or in a goose that succumbed to an atlack of ncnstroko I Anyhow thi college is evidently a place flowing with milk and honey--the avraego poultry don't die of fatty degeneration -they simply pine away and in the majority of instances don't leave even a grease-spot behind them. ERRATUM.-In your last report you make me say that the Taralga butter factory last November received 6400 gallons of milk. This is manifestly incorrect it should road 64,000. 