BUSH FIRES ON KANGAROO ISLAND. Our Hog Bay correspondent, writing on Monday, says:— Tremendous bush fires have been raging on the island during the last week, and many persons have lost severely. Mr. E. Bain bridge has suffered to the extent of about £700 by a fire, everything being burnt but his barley and house. Mr. Arthur was also a loser to some extent. The following day the fire passed on to the American River. Mr. Alf. Waller only saved his grain by putting it in the house, hooking a team of bullocks on to a high wattle fence round the house, dragging it away, and ploughing several times round. The Barrs had some 20 men fighting the fire. No one can imagine the dreadful work it is in a broiling sun, with a mile of timber alight in front of you, with flames 40 ft. high, and the hot smoke and burning sparks and leaves falling on you. One person to my knowledge fainted. Miles of fencing have been destroyed and thousands of tons of good timber. Mr. E. L. Bates, of Cape Hart, has lost about 200 acres of grass, hay, and straw, and with great difficulty saved his bags of grain, house, &c.; Particulars have been sent on to the Commissioner of Police with a view to the holding of an enquiry. It is stated that complete evidence can be produced as to the origin of the fire. Mr.W. Lyall was also a large loser, and only succeeded in saving his house and surroundings. Mr. E. L. Bates, sen., also lost 100 acres of grass. Much assis tance was rendered by the Simpson brothers, of Antechamber Bay, to Mr. E. L. Bates, jun., and others in fighting the fire, and great credit is due to them for their determined efforts. Our Queenscliffe correspondent writes under date February 17, as follows:—Disastrous scrub fires have been raging on all parts of the island for several days, and are still burning. At Cape Borda the telegraph-station and lighthousekeepers' dwellings were in great danger. By pluckily fighting the flames the properties were saved, but the fencing was all destroyed. Miles of fencing have been burnt, and tons of firewood also. Several dwellings were saved by using wet blankets and bags and a continual supply of water. Reports are to hand that some families are burnt clean out or have lost nearly all they possessed. 