The Bush Fires On The Kurrajong. -o THE following account of the disastrous bush-fires on the Kurrajong has been kindly furnished by a resident of that locality : LATER When the terrible fire had passed over Comleroy road, it pressed on in an easterly direction with un- abated fury and speed for several hours, until the wind lulled. Th« whole district on the eastern side of the road, and about ten miles wide, was at- tacked simultaneously by this invading and devast- ating foe. Down Salis' Flats, along the Builridge and Blaxland's Ridge, and along the intervening valleys, all of which placesi are partly cultivated and occupied by families, the merciless fire rushed, burning up the grass, fences, and large quantities of valuable wattle bark. But so far as is yet known, no house was destroyed. This seems marvellous ; but may be accounted for partly by the fact that when it was known that the fire had come over the Heights, everybody did all he could to save their home by raking away all inflamable matter from near the house, and, when time per mitted, by burning the grass and leaves for some distance around. Since the winds ceased, the fire has been burning only moderately and advancing only slowly ; and while this continues, no farther damage is likely to be done, except the burning ot the grass. A drive along the Comleroy Road just now shows a most sad and melancholy state of things. The scene in every direction is truly pathetic and makes the heart ache. For eight or nine miles along the road nearly all the fences are consumed, the grass is burnt up, leaving the pad- docks bare and black ; and many of the fine or- chards are seriously damaged. But, fortunately no other houses have been destroyed. The Public School, though, had a very narrow escape, and was only saved by the timely efforts of the teacher, Mr Edmunds, and his famly. It should be mentioned here that this gentleman acted with great foresight and wisdom on Monday. About noon of that day he observed a number of sparks and burning leaves which had travelled five or six miles in the air fall- ing near the school, and he at once dismissed the children and urged them to go home as quickly as possible. Had he kept the children till the usual hour, some of them, who had to go through the bush in the direction of the approoching fire, must have inevitably perished. South Kurrajong is at present (Wednesday), somewhat threatened. A bush fire bas been burn- ing on the north side of the Grose, at the back of Bowenmount, for several days, and it is steadily advancing in the direction of South Kurrajong. Every effort is being made to intercept it ; but if the westerly winds should again rise, nothing could prevent the fire from sweeping over this part of the district and doing a vást amount of damage. It is impossible, at present, to estimate the exact amount of damage done, even in any individual case. The sufferers must have time to examine their desolated homes and properties, and to calcu- late their losses. To the present losses here must be added the inevitable further loss of stock through grass being burnt up, and the necessarily smaller crops of fruit next season through the in- jury done to the orchards. All that can be said at present is that this is by far the worst and most destructive fire that has ever been in this district ; it will take a long time, and the expenditure of a great deal of money and labour, to repair the great damage done by this terrible visitation. The deep est sympathy is felt for the sufferers, and the high est praise is due to those who have helped, at the risk of their own lives, to protect the lives and property of others, In the vicinity of Stannix Park, Mr Peter De Rome's residence, considerable difficulty was ex perienced in preventing wholesale destruction for the assistance rendered by neighbours (notably the Messrs Tuckerman) the house and outbuildings must have stood a good chance of being destroyed. Along the ridges behind Wilberforce, River stone, Sackville Reach, Maroota, Pitt Town and other places fires have been raging, and the smoke therefrom has been sufficient to absolutely ob- scure the view for days. Residents in all these localities have experienced considerable difficulty in staying the progress of the flames and in saving their homes and their properties. 