MJi j ,,,""/,?, .rr, ??? --- News in Brief. Brief then-What's the news.-KM«G JOHN Crown Lands Sale are set down to take place at Richmond on Saturday, October 19, and at Windsor on October 26. Our old friend " Paul Twyford" ife writing a serial story, ''The Stamptown Amateur's First Night," in th« " Worker." Paul is a prolific penman. A sample of an excellent eye-lotion» prepared, solely by Mr. h. Greenwell of Windsor, has been sent along. ? It is high- ly spoken of by those who have used it. A splendid assortment of New Spring Goods io printed and figured Sateens, Cambrics, Zephyrs and Prints, the cheapest in town, at GRIMWOOD'S, George- street. Windsor. There are still about thirty-eight fami- lies located on the Pitt Town Settlement., The State Funds are exhausted, and the settlers hâve now to depend upon their own resources. Mr. and Mrs W. H\ Dean's little daugh- ter, 7 years of age, has been seriously ill, sufiering from an attack of incarnation of the lungs. She is improving under Dr. Callaghan's care. ,_ TJie marriage took place at Centenary Hall, York-street, Sydney, August 7, by Rev. J. Walker, of Kogarah, of Miss Edith Maude, daughter of Mr. Joseph Walker, J. P., Central Macdonald, to Amos Yates, of Willoughby. A meeting of ladies and others interested in promoting the C. of £. annual ñora! fete was held last week. It is probable that Lady Darley will be invited to open it. Mr. W. Morgan, M.P., performed the ceremony last year. An exchange says :-" At a great fire at Kurrajong on Monday some young ladies who had read Fenimore Cooper, adopted the Indian device of fending ofi prairie fires by clearing a ring ot land, and thus saved their dwellings." A very well-furnished villa residence has just been completed near the railway- station for Mr. A. Haggar by Messrs H. Rogers and Woodward. The building is an ornament to that part of the town. It has been taken by Mr. Rivett. In the Assembly last week Mr. W. Morgan, M. L. A., voted against leave be- ing granted Willis, M. P., to introduce a ? bill to extend the franchise to women. The Mefcsrs Piddington, M's.P,, voted in favor. The motion was carried by 56 to *9. . 5. _ . Mr. las Comrie, of Kortnfields, Kurra- jong Heights, and old and much-esteemed resident, paid Windsor a visit on Monday, whilst on his way to Sydney. Mr. Com- rie, does not often go far from home, but his friends are everywhere glad to see him when he does. There is still a good supply of water on Pitt Town Settlement, though it is not of a too palatablè character. Still, in view of the fact that in more favoured parts of the district water is scarce, the condition of the affairs at the settlement is satis- factory. Some of their immediate neighbours are arranging to sally forth and assassinate with axes some of the more enterprising members of the new local band, who prac- tice assiduously on cornets and saxe-horns &c;, till long part midnight. Townspeople can't'get a wink of sleep some nights, and are naturally very wrath. It is said that a deal of water from the supply is used in town just now by house- holders who do not pay for it. If all the water used were paid for, the council should be able to put away, £\op a year as a sinking fund with which to wipe off the waterworks debt. The aldermen should do something in this matter. " The Elector" thus refers to a Haw- kesbury native, a prominent Protectionist member of Parliament :-" Ewing, M.L. A., steadily samples every new book that is introduced into the Parliamentary lib- rary and takes a keen interest in anything of a mystical and philosophic character. He is one of the few literary men in the present opposition." By the way of warning, we may point out to all and sundry, that the careless use of fire in scrub or bush, or other places where such fire is at all liable to spread is a punishable offence at law. This pro- vision is peculiarly applicable just now,,in view of the parched up, inflammable char motor ol^tfÄ ll' ill I III I . - '>,'". , ' ,-T-"* ' ? " ' ' ' Mr. ' Ted Holmes has been on a brief visit from Brisbane to Windsor'. ; St. Matthew's O.E. Sunday-school pionio takes place on the 27th instant. Ted Wood and Bid Hull, of the Railway department, ire spending, their holidays in Windsor. - ¡( Mr, J. O'Brien has finished his Fitzroy Bridge contract, and has made a really ex- cellent job of it. Dark Fancy PrintB, fashionable shades^ new goods, 4d per yardi 8/9 per dozen. A GRIMWOOD, George-street, Windsor, s^ Three Windsor boys are located afc ad- joining stations on the Northern line Jack Hull at Wingen, Ted Wood at Bland- ford, and Bert Hibbert at Murrurundi. Several new seats has been placed in the River Park, and it will be well if the Council keeps a strict watch on them to prevent their destruction by vandals. Though the rain which fell on Monday evening will be of immeasurable benefit to the district, a great deal more is still re- quired before the effects of the drought will disappear. What would Windsor people do in such a season as the present without their water supply.. Fancy reverting to the water cart system again, and paying 6d td i/ per cask. ""; " ' : Mess» Hough .Bros, Auctioneers, of Richmond, will conduct » sale of Grown lands on the 19th proximo. The land forms part of the Ham Common sub- division, now called McNeely town. St. Bernard dogs are becoming numer- ous in town now. In .some countries dogs are registered according to weight, and if the same plan were adopted here there would be an appreciable addition to the revenue. McLean Bros, of Leichardt, advertise that they are buyers of fat pigs in any number, from 100 upwards. A representa- tive of the firm was in town on Tuesday, and he asserts that the district is eminently suited for pig- breeding. On Tuesday morning Fred Kilduf! caught an immense eel in South Greek, near McGrath Bros' old wool-washing works. It weighed 18¿ lbs, and is certainly the biggest eel that has been captured about here for a long time. The result of the hearing of Mr. W. 0/ I Wall's petition against Mr. J. G. Fitzpatrick ; continuing to hold tho Seat for Rylstone is that the late election has been declared : void, and consequently the contest will be ! fought over again. Mr. Fitzpatrick opens the ball at Merriwa on Saturday night. The complimentary benefit concert to Mrs. Eather has been postponed from the 25th till the 27th inst. This course was determined upon because Mons. Henri Kowalski, who will render two pianoforte selections on the occasion, would be unable to attend on the earlier date, as he has an important engagement for that night. Percy Ross, son of Mr. T. Ross, of George-street, whilst bathing in the river at Ben's Point on Saturday afternoon was stung by a fortesque-fish (commonly known as stingaree). The boy suffered intense agony for some hours, but gained relief at about 6 o'clock in the evening, and is now quite well again. The Severity of the sting of this fish may be imagined when it is said that persons have been known to go raving mad after being stung, and they suffer the most excruciating pain. A runaway horse, attached to a sulky* went along George-street at a terrific pace on Wednesday afternoon. Misses ¡Hill,and i Mitchell drove in from Richmond, and were driving along Macquarie-street when [ something startled the horse, and the , animal made a bolt. One of the ladies j were thrown out and the other jumped out, before the horse had gone far, and fortu- nately neither were hurt. The horse raced into George-street, and was making for home. Mr. Jack Fitzgerald took ohase on horseback and captured the runaway. No damage was done. The audience at the concert given in aid of the Hawkesbury Beneyplent Asylum by the Moses family was nothing like what it should have been. Some of the townspeo- ple care little how it fares with our public institutions, and a few who should have been there, if only for example sake, were conspicuous by their absence. It is the duty of every citizen to bear his share of taxation in supporting such an institution, and whenan opportunity occurs for giving it a helping hand, he should do so, for the ' sake of the cause, and ¿0 encourage those who go to a deal of trouble, andr give y their talents and their tíinejo a#HyfeS8#Ä * Grimwood's line of Prints afc 8/8 doz. Cannot be beaten. Mr. H. R. Buttsworth has been laid up all the week, being in the clutches of "the ««P<" ?? ?;. . Said that the priée of beef is gonig up ic town, owing lo the dry weather and scarcity of'stock. > A team of the Windsor Juniors will vieil Penrith early next month and engage > in a match with the local team. 0 Mr, S. Burdekin forwards large suppliai of oaten bay to Sydney market every week, and obtains good prioes for the same., The organ recital in connection with St Matthew's C. of E. to be held in tnt Church, has been postponed till Friday, November 1st. Mr R. Stevenson, ex-M.L. A., was in towt last Friday. It is said that he will contes the Hawkesbury in the Protectionist inter esta at next election. Mr. Jini Miller is going in on a larg« scale for pig-raising nnd fattening. Farmen could do little in th way of tilling the soi until rain came alon*, The welcome rain on Monday has ha* the effect bf extinguishing all the bush- fire around the district, and for that alone w should be devoutly thankful. At the sale of the late Thomas Cupitt* property and effects, on Saturday last, weather-board house, with a number o outbuilding?, was passed in at £145. Mr. R. A. Pye returned last Friday afti enjoying a week's holiday at Nowra, on th South Coast. Ha states that the countr down there is in excellent condition, as als is stock. Mrs» M. James, sister-in-law to Mrs. * R. James, of Lower Portland, died f Kellyville last week. She had only bee married about 12 months, and was but 1 years of age. Mons Henri Kowalski will play the fo lowing compositions at the benefit concei to be tendered to Mrs Eather on Fr day next :-" Ninth Raphsody Sisal (Berceuse) and " Polonaise" (Chopin). A certain Windsor man recently wro to a Kurrajong resident asking that wort! " how much he would supply 100 sheets birk for at ninepence a sheet." Somethit 1 like asking what time the four o'clock tra starts. Mr. F. H. M. Norton, of the A.J,i Bank, has a goodly collection of Brltis Australian, and foreign coins, as well as very complete collection of stamps repr .tentative of ail the countries of tl earth. - That well-known dusky individu) " Tommy Sago" was an óut-door visit at the social on Wednesday night, at proved beyond doubt that he has a ve good appetite of his own, and that tl drought has in no way affected it. The obliging Tom Thompson, who ru; the mail between Windsor to Wisemat Ferry, never passes a person on the ros The moment he overtakes them he ho nimbly from his seat, opens the door of I I sociable, and invites them to take a seat; I Mr. Alf Motteram, who bas been re ¡ dent in Melbourne for about seven yea has Returned to Windsor. It is understo thai Mr. Cobcroft intends to enter upon t manufacture of several new kinds of fan leathers. He has a very complete! funished establishment at Newtown. Mr. John Kelly, late of Richmond, w gata a swimming exhibition in Windsor -Queen's Birthday, intends to open swii ming classes ; in Windsor and Riohmoi under the auspices of the Swimming Âsi ciaron of Sydney. Intending pupils m meit him this Saturday at the Fitz« Hojel at 2. .... .. -, A correspondent draws attention to 1 rough condition of the main street throu i Windsor and the main road from Rpi Hill to the town. He states that wk I tolls were levied on Fitzroy Bridge and I ' money were expended on the main road, was in a much better condition than is noir. He thus argues that it would be w tore-impose the tolls. jfwo sm conflagrations recently cujred in town-the chimneys of the r< deioes of Messrs W. Jones (Macquai stoet), and E. Wilmore (Peninsu hading caught fire. Mr. Wilmore's chi neir caught fire on Sunday morning li ana was the oause of no little exoitem among ^hose residing in the vicinity, bllzed away in fine htyle for a while-i Good hauls of fish ar» being mada ii the reaches between Windsor and Wilber* force lately. ..? % " ...? '! -; :: :'.- i-r .?- ju < ; cs - Hew Season Prints, Light Blouse Pat- terns stripes and spots 4id yard. Gam WOOD'S, George-street,* '"? V jt> "\\*t¡l¡i Mr. Coleman, contractor for the mSÜom of the téléphoné line to SectoiUs, i«'peo grassing satisfactorily with the woray which will shortly be oomplejted. , Mj\ George Hutt writes froipi to the efteot that the Namoi river there if filled with dead stock, and in oODee^dftnte sickness is very prevalent in thw town, r ' Messrs Dick Bros' shop will Ine' bf the handsomest business places in the town when the alterations which are now going on are finished. ! \ J ", ) The friends pf Mr Denmar in this dhrtrie* will be torry to learn that ha has h «jd another severe attack, of his old complaint, sciatica. He is getting round, however, and is now in town for a few days. A young man, well-known in Windsor, and who recently went on a trip to&ngland;, now does the heavy in the *? Strtet* of London" in a stove-pipe hat, anil a coli» headed walking. At least-w w«^ «tn told. ? . ? A :V. ^ ,J 1 1 m Salt water comes up with the tide aa ft, a« Sackville, and the fresh-water fish ile being driven up stream. Perch ana* mollet are very plentiful between her« «nd Sack- ville, and it is said that some monster* are being caught near the latter place. Mr Harry Ward, of Cornwallis, ^during the dry weather drew water io casks on * two-horse slide with which to irrigate hil maize. The method was Mrteinly primitive, but it showed that Mr Weil Mi sufficient energy in him to try and oona, with difficulties. Seven fowls belonging to Senr Boyd were killed by lighthing on night. They were roosting on a r the vivid lightning whioh aeoompian! severe clap ef thunder, about 7 o' brought them to the ground with a sickening thud. Included in the local School of Aili In- surance policy is an item " piano ¿50." If the jangling old instrument Were submitted to auction it wouldn't bring újttf shíUíngt; yet the committee have to part up regular- ly for a thing *hat ie oct worth the amonnt of one yearly premium. ? . í :> The members of the Salvation Aimil drove to Sackville on Tuesday night/ gave a service of cong in the ' W0k Church there. They got back to:TOL~ about 1 a.m. on Wednesday, and drove sp George-street singing "Home Sweet Home," and seemed quite a hippy littli pftTty* " r. ; ?7T Mr. W. M. Moses, janr., wis únanle to play the flute solo he wa« billed for at the concert on Tuesday night, OWÏng ^? Jthi. fact that hit Sute has gone on strike. The instrument1 wai stoni to Sydney to to icé' ' paired, but it seems that TÏQ one there knew anything rabouUt^nd ithe flute wiJMieve to go to fiJogland; ^ ^ A lad in the employ of Mr. T. Riobard! was riding round the post-office corner fnte^^i Maaquarie*treet, at a oanter on Tuesday morningiwheo his horse fell heavily. Tlie'Iv; lad landed on his feet, and was not noW, ^ but the horse seemed stunned, and Mfitea to budge till he was coaxed up by thi application of a rod, whioh wat applied «titi more vigorously when the boy rf-mounted*'. The Interior of the Windsor, flohoo)-,ot, ^ ArtB presents a very dingy appearance, *0|d> ; y the 'condition ol the building genareUy fo: v anything but creditable to the committee. Lumps of plaster have parted company wi&, , the ceiling, and the unsightly laths are «X; ' . posed. Cob webs adorn nearly all ihe vf hv dows, and the place generally ia beginning to look like a deserted barn. ', ; ;, ',, Glorious rain fell on Monday evening, accompanied by a Bevere, thunder-storm. The welcome downpour will' do an im- mense amount of good, and had the drongh% ¿ .lasted much longer' it would Juive o««»»^'. blue look-out for the larmer«. Already the crops have freshened up, ind the pastures are shooting up rapidly, planting has commenced in earnest. Constable Murdock was walking along Bridge-street on Monday evening laït, dur- ing the storm, and received a shock : that1 unnerved him for tome hours. Just as her- bad reached the intersection of Macquarie-, street, the heavy crash of thunder and ,$hoV vivid lighthing which will be remembered as an iücident of that atorui, occurred, andi ! thejilectis© "fluidt seemed to' imf th 