Springwood (PEOM OUB (JOBBESPONDENT.) The lecture by the Revd. Joseph Campbell, F.R.C., inald of the funds of the Christ Church, Springwood, took place last Friday night at the Oriental Hotel. It was entitled, ." Wonders under our feet," and was illustrated by lantern views. Although scientific, it was also instructive and amusing; and some 50 persons attended, who appeared to thoroughly enjoy it. The injury that Percy Crowcher met with nearly a month ago, by accidentally running a knife into his thigh, turned out to be rather a Berious matter. After being in bed three weeks, he was last week taken down to iJr. Shand, of Penrith, who per formed an operation, and it is now thought Percy will be about in another week. Mr. P. Hughes, of Valley Heights, has also been seriously ill with peritonitis, and had to seek medical aid. When seen on Sunday last, he was a wreck of his former self, but is now recovering. The Progress Association is to meet next Monday night. I have not heard what business is to be brought forward, Bush fires have been very prevalent all round this district durjng the past fortnight, some of which assumgd alarming proportions, One or two residences were endangered by their proximity, and were saved from destruction only by vigorous efforts on the part of their occupants, Out at Whitecross-road, a fire caught a big stack of fire wood near Mr. A. McCredie s cottage, and threatened the whole establishment. By using up all the water in the tanks and clearing away the surrounding scrubs, the fire was confined to the pile of wood. Then there was a big blaze at the south of tlrady'a gate-house, which burned all round Mr. Ferguson's property, and crept very close to Mr. Hosking, the postmaster's, residence. Both these gentlemen had a scare, and plenty of hard work to arrest the progress of the element, in which Constable Tate assisted last Sunday. There is a great body of fire raging from behind Mr. Cliff's house at Humantia to the Sassafras Gully, but this will probably expend itself without doing material damage, except to the snakes and other vermin. The weather has been very favorable to these bush fires. Extraordinary high westerly winds have been the rule lately, and they have not been accompanied by any rain, if we except two points that fell on Tuesday. The temperature Jbas made some wonderful jumps too. Last Friday 'morning was one of the coldest this winter, and there was a heavjr frost; whilst on Monday, and Tuesday morning, we had quite a summer heat-almost a hot wind, which waB succeeded by a drop of about 23' iii a few hours. The dust has been fearfully in evidence with these high winds j now this com modity has blown into some remote corner to be succeded by showers of gravel from our .beautiful Main-road I The rainfall for August was 93 points only, and for the past six months only 4 inches 72 points. This will show how desperate is our con dition re water supply. And so far there is no prospect of a good downpour to alleviate our wants. A decent bath is out of the question, and the gardens are dried out of existence. The lantern entertainment given .by Mr. Beech at the Oriental Hotel on Wednesday night in aid of the public school funds, was very good iodeed. There were a number of English pictures thrown on the screen, and of course the comio slides followed, greatly to the delight of the children, who, with the adult attendance, filled the room. About 60 slides represented <' A day in London," and these were very fine. Mr. Wallace,- the muster of the school, gave a nice description of each view as it was presented. 