BUSH FIRES ALONG THE COAST. DIFFICULT NAVIGATION. Owing to the large bushfires which have been raging along the coast for the past two days navigation has been rendered somewhat difficult. Dense volumes of smoke extending well to seaward, enveloped tho on tiro coast lino, and consequently vessels have boon compelled to proceed on thoir way will) tho utmost caution. Throughout ‘Wednesday and Thursday (ho reports received from tho various headlands stated that shipping was rendered invisible, the density of tho atmos phere hi tho vioimty of Port Phillip Heads being especially groat. Notwithstanding those adverse conditions, however, most of of tho various intercolonial aloamors orciving passed through (ho entrance without loss of lime, but tho RM.B, Home, inward hound from London, was delayed for a considerable limo there, and oven after sho "got through, a telegram from QuconsclllT announced that she had coinu to an anchorage in theSouthChnnnoll, whore she remained for upwards of an hour before again getting under way. Under ordinary circumstances tho Homo, which loft Adelaide on Tuesday night, should have reached Port Melbourne at an early hour on Thursday morning, but ns it was (ho evening was pretty well advanced before she reached her berth. That portion of her passage from Capo Otway, which sho .passed on Wednesday night, was made through thick masses of smoke, and undot' those trying: she our.o along feeling her until near Port Philip Heads, At this point, tho atmosphere was particularly thick, and tho vessel dodged about in the offiing for many hours before the pilot was received on board. This was soon after 1 o’clock in tbo afternoon, and shortly afterwards u telegram received in Melbourne from Quoonsclift announced that tho vessel was "in - sight” outside tbo entrance,' Previously tho Homo, mistaking a small coasting craft for tbo pilot schooner, came in a good distance towards tbo Hoads before tho error was discovered. Her engines wore ftt onoo reversed, and she retreated, stern llrst, about a mile out to sen. Tho difficulty surrounding her position may bo imagined when it is stated that it was impossible Io sco more than, a couple of hundred yards away from the ship, and Commander Daniel), who was constantly on tho bridge, had a very arduous task to perform in navigating the vessel. It is tho general opinion (hat on no previous occasion has the smoko from bush llres boon so dense ns yesterday. Towards evening the wind, changing from an almost northerly direction to the southward, assisted to dispel tbo smoke, and at sunset the bay at least wore a comparatively clour appearance. Tho collier Diiokenflold, which reached port from Newcastle on Thursday evening, was also detained for 12 hours outside tho heads, and was for a long time keeping close company with tho Romo.—Argus. Owing to thick hnzo tho steamer Flinders was (writes the Ago correspondent) about seven hours late on Thursday in arriving at Wurrnambool from Melbourne. Wednesday night and Thursday morning wore most anxious limes for Captain Holland and bis officers, and the steamer was anchored several times during tho night, ns, on account of tho haze, tho captain had to roly on dead reckon* ing, Ho missed the port at first, but tho hazo lifted, and discovering his whereabouts ho put back and arrived safely. 