Springrwood. (FBOM OCB CORRESPONDENT.) Once more the Railway Commissioners hare been approached to permit the down mail train to stop here when required-this time by our new Member, Mr. T. R. Smith-but to no purpose. What is there behind it all ? Years ago this train used to 6top here, but for some bidden reason the privilege was ent off by the present Commissioners. It i^ a distinct drawback to Springwood, and is scarcely a fair thing either, seeing that the train doe3 stop at several towns further along the mountains. It is reported tb.it Mr. Smith is not satisfied with the reply he has received, and intends pushing the matter further. The people here are not bes^t pleased that all their efforts for years past are quietly ignored ; it smells of injustice, and the average Britisher don't like that at all. The zephyrs for the past few days have been any thing but gentle. Unfortunately no rain has fallen, and the boisterous winds have fanned up bush fires in all directions. One quite near the ! railway line towards Falconbridge waa getting over a large area on Wednesday, but so far no material damage has been done. The dust along the main road has been dreadfully evident, and added much to the general discomfort arising from the wind and smoke. The ground is as dry as powder, for the evaporation during the past week has been enormous through the dry strong winds and a warmer temperature. The water question is again uppermost. The scarcity of this fluid will always crop up perennially so long as we have no proper water .supply for the district. The latest thing suggested is that^r absolutely necessary, the residents shoald ask the Railway Commissioners to send up some tanks of water, and sell it at one shilling per 100 gallons, which it is understood the Commissioners will do if requested. Mr. 0. M. Olsen has had erccted a nice cottage on his land facing the Sassafras Road. It is presumed he has built this for letting purposes, as he is not now a resident. The public school lantern entertainment will tnke place next Wednesday evening, 4th September. It is said this will eclipse anything of the kind previously held iu SpriDgwood, and there will not be standing room for a certainty. More additions to our population. The Constable has another quiver in his bow : and Mrs. Fitch, of " Whitecross," has presented her husband with her first born. Both sons, and all doing well now, although Mrs. Fitch has had a bad time of it. Several oE Mr. 8. E. Lees' supporters from here attended the demonstration at Penrith last Saturday, which turned out to be a very satisfactory affair for our late Member: in fact, very good indeed, considering how scarce the sovereigns are just now. There is a little talk of a medicel gentleman coming to reside here. Enquiries are being made to the probability of the doctor making a fair living, and he is in treaty for a cottage residence. A start must be made by somebody to kill or cure ns ; why not now 1 We have a Druids Lodge want ing a medico ; and very often a doctor has to be sent for, to attend some of our afflicted residents. We saw a Penrith doctor here this week-unfortunately the Rev. E. G. Cranswick has; taken a fresh cold and he sent for Dr. Pym ; and" there are other instances now of persons here who ought to have medical'advice, only the price is prohibitive when they have to bring a doctor from Penrith or Katoomba. Tenders will be in next week for reducing the railway curve at Linden. ThiB will be an impor tant improvement accomplished. The Railway Commissioners are going to grant the Mountain folks a little concession, by certain train?, in the matter of the fares ; this will take effect between Springwood and Mount Victoria. And parties of tourists can arrange for the same concession on other days. But the full particulars are not known here yet. The local fares are dt present very high, and in the9edull times prevents much train travelling by local people. 