BARRABA NOTES. ThE mining and pastoral industries in this district have (writes a correspon dent) received a severe check owing to the recent dry season, but there are signs that the drought has ended. Occasional showers have already fallen, and there are indications of a plenteous downpour before the hotter months of summer set in. The wel come showers that have fallen have caused a spring in the grass, which upon the lands swept by the bush fires, will speedily spread a carpet of green over the hitherto parched landscape. But the trials and losees of the pastoralists are by no means at an end, as the stock that have sur rived the drought are so weak that the scouring -consequent up'n the young feed will still Carry c~ aiigd numbers. Nevertheless, there is now a prospect of feed for the ensuing hot months, which will soon put fat on the stock that survive. The dry weather has also to a very serious extent retarded farming opera tions, but the hope in that direction is that the labours of the agriculturists will not altogether be thrown away. Although the pastoral and agricul tural industries will, as hitherto, hold prominent positions as means of wealth, the developments in mining during the past 12 months would seem to indicate that the whole district con tains vast deposits of gold and copper, the unearthing of which will in all probability give permanent and pro fitable employment to an extensive mining population if the proper facili ties are furnished. Chief among these will be water conservation, the em ployment of the best-known methods for saving the precious metal, and a means of easy and cheap transit. In regard to the latter requisite, a route for a proposed light line of rail way has already been surveyed from the Great Northern line, branching off at Tamworth and running by way of Manilla and Barraba on to Bingera. By the way an influential deputation with the member for this electorate (Mr. Moore) will proceed to Sydney on the 26th inst. to interview the Minister for WVorks and to urge upon the Government the necessity for the immediate construction of the railway. The fillip that it would give, not only to the mining but also to the pastoral and agricultural industries along the route will evidently make the line pay almost from the start, and ultimately make it one of the host reproductive pieces of work the Government have in contemplation. The Cornish Copper Mine, at Gulf Greek, to which reference was made in a former communication, is now giving permanent employment to about 40 men, including miners and smelters. About 12 tons of rough copper is being turned out each fortnight from the one furnace, and the company intend erecting another shortly on what is known as the " water jacket " principal. This will enable them to nearly treble the present 'output, and i s copper in the market is steadily advancing in price with an increasing demand the prospects of the enterprising company are bright. The copper is at present conveyed from the mine to Tamworth, about 80 miles, by teamsters, and if a more speedy means could be availed of by railway transit the out put could be quickly increased. With a view to further development the company have engaged the ser vices of a thoroughly practical gentle man (Mr. Seymour) as resident mining manager. That copper ore lodes extend over a very large area is evidenced by the fact that at Bun darra and Bingera shafts are being sunk with a view to the develop ment of the copper lodes in those localities. A sample of ore was brought into town the other day, said to have been discovered in the vicinity of the Paling Yard alluvial gold diggings, which, judg ing from its appearance, will yield a high percentage of copper. Referring to the gold- mining in dustry, work has been almost at a standstill for the want of water in the several auriferous localities. The two claims, Faddy's and another, at Crow Mountain, the richness of which is now placed beyond all doubt, will doubtless begin to develop their riches now that there is every indica tion of a plentiful water supply. The Ironbarks and Paling Yard diggings will also see the return of many who were compelled to leave during the dry season as soon as there is suffi cient water to renew sluicing opera tions. Here, as in many other localities in the colony where auri ferous and other mineral deposits are known to exist, the great drawback felt by all who are engaged in develop ing the hidden treasures is the want of a permanent water supply that would keep the mining industry going all the year round. We feel'theroe is a big future before us, especially in mining pursuits if the powers that be will but assist us in their development, and we shall soon be in a position to welcome. our due proportion of the country's, at present, enforced unemployed labour. 