('IEN ERAL NEWS. Tu. propooed New Sydon.y morning paper is to te called the Auctaliotn Timer, cepitel £tO0,00 in ,00 0100 bOlrot of £5 ehrh. The prospetouu is well ;written. Nlthiog is eaid about Iteettado or protlction, but it i. gene. rally undurIlrtolod that t paper will be pro fectiuelot or of protelbooitt otdenieos. 'Th international eheres coeong s ot Hnst intg (Eng.) w~a coueludtd on Ituonliay latt, end reulted int a oin for Mtr. Pittbury (Americh). 1. 'ctigotin (llusft,) was recoond rnd hMr. timauoel Loker (England) third. Mr. Francis Dotty, inspector of polite, Iatet M3titlatd, ditd oil Monday night, Dectesed was ovr trrwenty years ago sergeant ot BrUnidwood, and uosd to travel in ohlargo of tile ,old ((0o0tf between that town and Gouilburo. Tieo tllowing won prizes at the quarterly prize shoeting of the Mouse Valo Civilsn Rifle Olub:--t. aoiley, 119 pointos; It. Jones, 112 points; H. G. Ildmberl, 10(B pintfs; Jamonu Wotton, 102 poilnts; A. 0wweoocy, 100 points, A ruolord wool load srrived at Norratri on Wsduesday from Etrlord's Glouroy station, being 102 bales. (1) The waggon was drawn by twenty-.six Iltouks, and travelled fifty miles in four days. Sheariong is proceeding seatisfatorily at sueveral stations in the Onnnedah distrieot. The clip will be light and clean, but the shortage will be heavy. Two London exporlts conoslidr the latest samples of uonal from the Collio Itivor coalfleld (W.A.) much superior to those sent proe. viously. fir T. F. Buxton, the now governor of Soluth Aueltralia, hbs beoon presented with a farewell address by the cottagers and wolkt. men of Walthtam Ahbbuy. The Church of England at Warhworth, near Bingleton, unught fire on Tuesday night and was butrnt down. Mr. Eddy says he will cheeorfully aooopt re-ungagoment if tie terms do not conflict withb his proestig or sense of honor. Ho also says that lu nioged a contraot for a forther term of seven years at £41000, and that this was also eigned by Mr. Ieid. The hotter oays the agreement was subject to the approval of parliamenot. Wedunesday's customs revenue amounted £6712. To thio the ten per rent ad vaulorom duties contrlbuted £595, ned the 15 per eont. £142. In the supreme court on Tuesday, boefore Mr. Justieoo Windoyor and a jury of four, Mr. II. 8. Gannon of Goulburn, appeared for the plaintiff, John Gregory Blaoxland. There was no npparanoo of tie deindant, OCatherine Cook. This was an ejeetment notion in respect of a portion of land situated at Mittagong. A verditot wao given for plaintiffT, with speedy uoeontion, Lord taliobury warns Turkey that any furlhur opposition to the demands of the Powers will bhe tile signal for the dismember ment of tffe empire. Ile threatens to summon a European con gress to apply article 61 of the Beorlin Treaty by an international commission. It is said thaft this intimation on the part of Lord Salisbury ban caosed the groeatest consternation at thepalace of the Bultan. It is said that the Britishl Government in tends to appoint a committeo of oexperts to advise with Mr. OChlamberlain as to the methods for developing colonial resourans. tussia and France are urging Japan to ,vaouato the Lino- Tung Peninsula in oon sideration of a slsaller indemnity than 30,000,000 ftels. Japan is also urged by the eumo nations to withdraw her forces from the peninsula before concluding a commercial treaty with China. Bir John Thuraton has written to the Btandard replying to the attacLs malde upon him bly Mr. J. F. logan MP. on to the ad ministration of Fiji. Thle Agricultural Conference at Wellington rjeots the proposal for plaolng the frozen meat trade in the hands of a controlling comn irony. Tife second reading of a bill to advanooe £50,000 to municipalities, withont interest, has beeon passed in tile Victorian Aseoombly. Thle Queensland labor party hasb ocoused the government of employing political spioe, who were going through the country creoting crimes. In New Zealand the House of reopresenta tives has placed on record its appreciation of Bir Georgo Grey's services to that colony. Btioyole are now usud, it is said by han. garoo.hunters in tlhe Dubbo district. The I)ubho Pastoral Board paid for 10,000 scalpe last month. The now Sydlney Ches Olub was opened last night by Major.OGnornl Hutton. It starts with a roll of upwards of fifty members. A London cablegrum etates that Mr Charles J. Taylor, formerly a colonial dlreo tor of the New Zealand Loan and lMercantile Agency Company, booa boon declared a bonk-lt rupt. Tie company is n creditor to thie ex tent of £04,695. The atolamer Wnrrigal, from Sydnoty and Molbonemc, with a shipment of 20 olttle and 220 sheoep,, has arrived at Gravesond, bShe reports that four of tife cattle and six of the sbeop died during the voyage, bat that the rest are in good condition. ?outh Australia is waiting for Now tosth Watos to take the load in the matter of fedo ration as arranged at tie IHobart confoerono IMr. Klugseton, peomlor of South Austmralia, says hI is pleased to observe better prospects of the dosired moveoment in New South Walef than was the case some time ago. The executive of the federationm party hao decided to hold motingso in some unburbo and country oontros in advooroy of the enaueu. 81r HIunry Norman, Governor of Quoone land, ha tal?kon his paoosalo to Eugland in the Roapolo, which leaves Wollington on 28th November. The eighth session of tht Federal Assombly of the Prosbyterian Chutobhes of Austrolto and Tasmania was opened last night in bydnuy. iMr. Mteilnol Davitt was recolved yesterday nt Oootamundra by the mayor and reonptlotn committeou. The amount 00 far eshlorlbodtl in aid of the sufforores by the recent disastrolls fro at Wol. longong totals shuoot £90, The Anuastrlian Mutual Firo Omooffice has presouleted thoe loan fire-brigade with a chelque for £10 10/. in ro. cogonition of their services on thile ooasion of the fire. The buosh-fro In ithe Boerry district have oxtoended twelve milou in a otralght line, doing immense damageo, The village of Broughton and Jasper's Brush were swept by bush fire on Wednes- day, some houses ,and muoh furniture being burnt. The township of Berry was in great danger from bush-fire for several hours, and resi- dents had to fight the flames night and day. A stormy meeting of the Cootamundra borough council was held on Wednesday, when the land tax petition from the municipal association was considered, the mayor, who strongly opposed the petition, leaving the chair. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce will be represented at the third congress of Chambers of Commerce of the British em- pire, in London next year. 