WINTON. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] The weather for the week has been very un- settles, heavy banks of clouds coming up from the east and hazy skies, giving every evidence of extensive bush fires. They must, however, be a very long way off, as there is no glare observable in the sky at night. We are now beginning to want rain badly. Unless we get a thunderstorm or two during this and next month the stock on the neigh bouring stations are sure to suffer, as bush fires will certainly break out from time to time. Talking of bush fires reminds me that two bush-fire extinguishers have been patented lately by residents of this district—namely, the Oondooroo Bush- fire Extinguisher, in vented by Mr. Ramsay, Oondooroo : and one invented and patented by Mr. G. R. Beau champ, Ayrshire Downs. Oondooroo shed cut out this morning, and the bulk of the shearers being southerners, are off by coach to the railway terminus. all the other sheds that are at work report fair progress. The Salvation Army lasses paid a visit to Oondooroo last week and propose visiting Warrnambool Downs and Vindex stations this and next week. There are a few salva tion soldiers scattered among the various sheds. The members of the town band also drove out to Oondooroo woolshed last Satur day, and speak highly of the welcome they received. The Divisional Board got the pasturage reserve fenced in some time ago and let the rights to Mr. J. Dickson, who has since been working the reserve under the bye Laws However, there would seem to be something wrong about them, as a local wood and water carter, whose horses were impounded, sum monsed Mr. Dickson for illegal impounding and obtained a verdict with costs. Quite a lot of stock has been changing hands lately in the district giving employ ment to a large number of drovers. Lake's Creek has been the principal ? A mob of 600 store bullocks passed through the other day from Egilibri and Delta Downs in the Gulf country, for Muswellbrook, New South Wales, the London Bank of AustraIia, owners. Winton, 12th September, 1895. 