THE PROGRESS OF WEST AUSTRALIA. INTERVIEW WITH SIR JOHN FORREST. The Hon. Sir John Forrest; Premi r of Western Australia, says the S.A. Register of January 24th, arrived in Adelaide by the mail steamer Oruba on Tuesday afternoon on his way to attend the meet ings of the Federal Council and to rep- resent his colony at the Irostai oonter- ence. He is nob sure whether he will be present at the meeting of Premiers at Hobart, a3 he has so far received very little information in regard to what is proposed to be done on ihab occasion. With the other delegates from Western Australia Sir John Forrest landed on Tuesday afternoon and p oceeded to the York Hotel. He will continue ihe jour ney overland to-day. The Premier of the western colony was interviewed by a representative of the Register on Tuesday evening, and in- answer to a question, said, "I hope to be able to make better arrangements at tlie Postal Conference for tlm mail steamers leaving King George's Sound. At present the boats from Eng'and leave for the eastern colonies at all hours of the night. At present intending . pas sengers are not sui e at what hour they niay be called up. I am going to see if some a-.reement can be raadu that steam ers arriving after 11 o'clock at night shall not leave for the eastern colonies till after 8 o'clock the next morning. As a matter of fact it is very often this l-ifctf r hour at which i hey do leave, bub it is the uncer tainty which is so objectionable, and by the arrangement every colony ought to be considered. 1 in bind to propose, too, that homeward mails should leave Ad elaide on Saturday instead of on Wed nesday. The present arrangements suit us very we<l, but some of the other col onies are not satisfied. Thursday or Fri day would not suit our colony. We do not want mails to arrive in Perth on a Sunday. We are quite willing, and have intimated ss much to the Imperial Gov ernment, for the present contract to ex tend t<> 1898. We would be very glad to assist some of the oth< r .olonies in the direction of having a certain amount of space on the maiiboats set apart for pro duce, but we do not press it. I think we are, perhaps, going a little too far in try ing to dictate to the Home Government as to the class of labour to be canied on the mail steamers, seeing that the con tract is for a considerable portion of the British Empire. With regard to the in terruption and delays on the telegraph lines between here and Perth, we main tain that as a rule these occur on the South Australian side. There have been some delays recently on the Western Aus tralian side owing to bushfires. I think the time has come when perhaps we sha'l have to erect a new wire, and we would be quite willing to do our part to Euc'a if the South Australian Govern ment will meet us." " What about the development of the gold-producing country, Sir John ?" " Railway communication with Cool- gardie will before long be an accomplish ed fact. As soon as the rails have arrived from England the line will he commenced from Southern Cross to the field. The survey has been completed, and plans and specifications are being prepared. The same also can be said for the line from Mullewa to Cue, a distance of 215 miles. I have here a very interesting return just published showing the amount and value of gold, the produce of the colony, which has been, entered for export from January 1, 1886, about the time gold v as first discovered in working quantities in the colony, to December 31st last. This shows as follows : — 1886, 302oz., valued at £1,147 ; 1887, 4,873oz., £18,517 ; 1888, 3,493oz., £13,273 ; 1889, 15,492oz., £68,871; 1890, 22,806oz., £86.663; 1891, 30,311oz:, £115,182; 1892, 59,548oz., £226,283: 1893, 110,890oz., £421,385 ; 1894, 207,131oz., £787,098. These figures are for the whole of the colony, which is divided in to six districts. Of the total quantity las year 'he district of Yilgarn contribu- ed 250,751oz., and of this Coo'gardie proper was responsible for 105,329oz. Nowi how ver, Yilgarn and Coolgarilie have been made two separate districts. Last year the Murchison district contri buted 100,577oz. The gold has been officially valued at £3 16. per oz There seems co me to be no doubt about the permanency of th« fields. The Govern ment take this view, or they would never have started the railway and expended the money they have. When it is re membered that all the gold has been procured in a very great extent without the use of machinery one can at once realise the immense quantity 'here must be there. There is no difficulty in Coolgardie now about water for human consumption. Tanks have been construct ed. and condensers erected. There is an abundance of salt water in the marshes, and it is only a matter of condensing it. In Southern Cross fresh water can be ob tained for less than Id per gallon, and at Coolgardie it is only 2d or 3d. In my opinion there is an abundance of water in the depressions known as salt marshes, and bliis can easi y be pumped to all parts or the field. Sa t wa!er, I have been in formed by a competent mining captain, is better for crushing purposes even than fresh. There are all sorts of projects for bringing water ' o the fields. It has been proposed to take the- water from the rivers near the coast to the field, and also to take the ore to the rivers, but I believe the simpler plan will be <o pump water from Lakes Lefroy and Barlee and other of the salt marshes to the field." " What are the prospects of future trade with the colony." " It seems to me that we shall have to send to you for a tremendous amount of bread-stuffs, owing to the bad harvest we h"ve experienced. We suffer, as I have often 3aid, from not producing sufficient in our colony. Every one has had the gold fever, and the popu'ation which has come in' o the colony has bt-en directed to the fields. In cot sequence there has not been that demand for land and that inter est alien in cultivation of the soil we should like. However, we hope that as the peop e get tired of a rough life, some of their instead of returning to you will settle on our land. With that object in view I have introduced two Bills into Parliament to encourage ' lie settlemen' of land. Both of these have been canied. The Home steads Act gives to any man who likes to live on the land 160 acres free to certain conditions of improvement. The second Bill, which was carried only last session, establishes as a Government an Agricultur.-l Land J3ank, which has for its object the making of advances to farmers or other cultivators of the soil on the security of th ir ho dings, whether held in fee-3imple, or under special oc cupation lease, or conditional purchase lease, or under the Homes eads Act. The advances are on y to be made for the purpose of making improvements on un improved holdings, or of adding to improvements already mad . No advance is to exceed £400, and the rate of interest is 6 per cent. There are a number o!' o her precautions, and I think the Bill differs from any I have seen, inasmuch as it only advances for fu- tlier improve ments, and not for relieving any existing mortgage or lean. The Bill is limited in the tirst place to £100,000, and in the first instance I propose co utilise the Govern ment Savings Bank moneys, as these arc secured by the Consolidated Revenno Fund. The depositors are quite secure, because they fir-t have behind them the farmer and h s land, and then the consoli dated revenue." Sir John Forrest was asked to express an opinion w th respec. to the rumours which were circulated about the retire ment from the Ministry i f Mr. Marmion, M.L.A., who was M mster for Mines and Commissioner for Lands, but he was dis inclined to do so publicly. 