Richmond Notes. THE. interesting lecture delivered in Richmond last week by Mr Albert Gale, under the auspices of the Technical College, on *' Bee-keeping," should not be unproductive of good fruit. Mr Gal» is a practical apiarist, . and, unlike most Government lecturers, knows exactly what he ts talking about. He gave facts and figures in sun port of bis statements, and rather startled bis bearers when he told them of the profits made by several bee-farmers of his acquaintance indifferent parts of the colony. Bee-farming.conducted on a practical and at the same time a scientific baste, has proved a profitable industry tn other agri- cultural centres, and there is certainly no valid reason why it should not be similarly successful here. Some of the bee-keepers are clamouring for a bonus on all honey exported, but there isa great objection to this proposal, for if a bonus is tobe paid to honey-exporters, why not to those who engage in the frozen meat, the rabbit, the butter, the leàther, and scores of other industries of a similar character. In addition to the objections which exist from all other peints of view, it is a proven fact that the bonus does not go into the pockets of the producer, but into those of the middleman, who is already waxing quite fat enough on the trade he does without being further greased per medium of a bonus. It is to be hoped that Mr Gale's lecture will be productive of good results, and that the bee-keeping industry will re- ceive a decided impetus as a result of his visit. Mr Gale is to lecture again on another phase of this subject, and should attract a large audience of those directly and indirectly interested. The military sports which it is intended shall be i held on the Oval on November gth ought to be of a sufficiently attractive character to cause that I section of our community who usually have to go from home to obtain recreation, to remain in town and participate in the sport provided for them. The military authorities invariably do well ali that they have to do, and as a natural consequence the Prince of Wales' Birthday programme should I be an enticing one from al! points of view. Such I re- unions as that proposed do much to create a good feeling amongst those who take part, and at the same time prevent the town from becoming a second edition of Goldsmith's " Deserted Village" at holiday-time. They also tend to render easy the task of the average Protectionist, whose chief desire is to " keen the money in the country"-for ? if people stay at nome they will spend their money i amongst their own people. It is to be boped that there is no truth in the I assertion now current to the efiect that carpenters are only being paid *t the rate of 4/- per day of eight hours on the Hawkesbury Agricultural College contract. Questions asked in the Assembly last week by Mr Howarth elicited replies to the effect that the Minister for Works was not aware whether there was any truth in an assertion to this effect and did noi know that the contract bad been sub-let. He promised to make enquiries. Mr. Young has always been a believer in a mini- mum wage, and it is a certainty that he would not be a party to the payment of so miserable a pittance to competent mechanics as that referred to above. If such a wage only is paid the Minister should certainly step in and demand why and wherefore. It would be ridiculous to expect men to work for it, and it would be unfair to other contractors to permit it to be paid. Those firms who put in prices for the work all, probably, cal- culated upon paying the current market rate of wages to the artizans employed, and this being so it would be manifestly unfair to them if another firm, by paying less than the orthodox wage, were allowed to carry out the contract. Of course, before anything is done it will be absolutely necessary to prove that the street-corner statement referred to is correct ; if it is, then Minister Young should exhibit a firm front and enforce the minimum wage regulation he some little time ago adopted with such good results. Even in a time of depression men have no right to be " sweated" as they are on some of the contracts in and around the metropolis by firms who take jobs at so low a price that they are unable to pay anything like a reasonable wage to their workmen. The Sunday train movement «tili hangs fire, even though the members of the Richmond Borough Connell pkA nearly the whole of our resi- dents are distinctly tn favour of ttl initiation. Richmond Council some time ago carried a reso- lution in support, and requested their Windsor brethren to co operate with them in an endeavour to secure the boon. However, some of the members of the latter body objected, and the movement fell through. There is no valid mason why we should not have st Sunday train, for ali the arguments (so oailèd) that can be brought against it may very easily be disponed of. It is said, first, that it will not pay,-but how on earth can «ooh a statement be made with any degree bf accuracy until a trial of the scheme is made ? Secondly it is said that the Commissioners are opposed to the Sunday employment of their porters, drivers, &c-but; still we find that Sunday trains are run to Penrith, and to all the places of interest on the Northern, South Coast, and other lines in and around the metropolis. So down goes objection Nnmber 2, for the Sunday train to Richmond would only mean extra running from Blacktown to that place. The third argument agsinit it is abont the most absurd -that it would bring an undesirable lot of people (including the festive Sydney hoodlum, and the Bacchanalian, and the burglar) to our otherwise peaceful town, and that the presence «f these gentry would, be productive of trouble allround. Now, there is no need for alarm on this wore, for the Sydney »' push1' will not pay four or five shillings to travel 80 miles when they «sn visit their favourite hamlets at Clontarf and Chowder, or linger round the " Bocks" and down Woolloo- mooloo, spending the day in tbs convivial company of members of their own particular gang. The Sunday train it necessary, and it should be grant* ed, at any rate on trial. Those Richmond residents who lent such valuable aid in extinguishing the fires last week at Kurrajong, and in staying the progress generally of the flames, are entitled to the best thanks of the community. But for the" assistance received from outside sources', it would have gone ill with many of thç homesteads around the beautiful hills of the Kurrajong, for with a fierce wind blowing, and any quantity of dry tim- ber and grass at hand, nothing but the Herculean help of those volunteers from Richmond and its surroundings prevented the bush-fires from carry- ing destruction in their train to a much greater extent than they actually did. Special mention should certainly be made of Mr, Steve Dunstan, wbo is always to the fore whenever any good work ¡ kindliest dispositionod fellows whom it could be one'« lot to meet in a week's walk. Veril), the prayers of the Just would seem to be of some avail-for scarcely had Sunday-the day set apart for prayers for rain-passed into the limbo et days forgotten, than the electrical disturbance predicted by Mr Inclement Wragge, the successful Queensland weather prophet, came about, and with it a copious downpour of rain. Many a district farmer listened at night with feel* togs of pleasure to the pit-a-pat of the rain drops on his roof and against the window-pane, for ha calculated that its coming would enable him tp enter upon the immediate cultivation of hts farm ; many a crop, stunted through lack of moisture, raised its head and drank in to its roots the fresh water from the heavens ; many a tired and famished beast was refreshed by the downpour after such a lengthy period of thirst and hunger. The lowlands, which in a good season have invariably presented a most attractively verdant appearance at this period of the year, have for «orne time been brown and uncultivated ; but the effect of even Monday's copious fall of rain should be most beneficial, and should soon cause all the farms in this distript to blossom forth with the fruits of toil and industry. Not the least appre- ciable effect of the rain will be the extinguishing through its medium of the devastating bush fires hy which the Kurrajong and its surroundings have been visited. The change in the weather is a most welcome one from all points of view, and it proves that Wragge is a prophet in his own and other colonies, and that the combined prayers and exportations of orthodox church-goers are worth a trifle io time of drought. 