77The Advertiser. PUBOLISHED EVERY TUESDAY, THURSDAT AND SATURDAY MORNIsG. Bairnsdale, Thursday, September 12, 1895. For to-day's railway excursion to Melbourne 107 passengers have taken out tickets at Bairnedale. The number who arrived yesterday from Melbourne is cot known, a check not having been taken at this end. Great dissatisfaction is being expressed by the residents of Sarsfield at the removal of the poet office from 31r Condon's place to the state rehool. A petition to the Postmaster.General pro testiog against the change has met with scant courtesy, and it is now intended by the residents to apply for a loose-bag for Mr Condon. Should this idea be car ried out, it is said it will effectually de feat the move made by the department by withdrawing the whole of the postal business from the state school, in which rase the Government will be paying a postmaster for attending to his own mail business only. Two of the delegates appointed at loat Saturday's meeting (Messrs Gould and Yeates) to proceed to Melbourne to interview the Minister of Agriculture in reference to questions appertaining to the oil seed industry, were presented firom fulfilling the engagement. The former, however, wrote to the member for Gippsland East invoking his assistance in support of the claims to be put for ward, and the latter wrote a long letter to the member for Gippoland North, stating the case on behalf of the growers and asking for a definite expression of views on certain points from the Mini ster, as well as pointing out the legisla tive action that required to be taken in the interests of the industry. Mr It. Cochrane, the third delegate, had the support of Mr Drevermano and Mr Cobain, of Sale, at the interview yester day, and both the members of the die. trict were likewise present. A list of the applications to heard be at the land board to be he? 'J, t Bairnadale next Wednesday is adyer. tised in this day's inssue. It has been definuitely decided to go on with the notice of appeal given in the case of M. Scott v. R. A. rnetorff, lately heard at Coongulmerang. It has been listed for the November eittings of the Bairnedale General Sessionse. Accoroing to tno times, a movement is on foot amongst the Catholice of Bruthen to have the Rer. Father Hallinan stationed theor. We think the coogregation here will be anxious to have a voice in the matter. Lately the Beirnadale Ladies' Benorolent Society has been atrength ened by the addition of soveral new active working members, including Meadames Jamennos Duncnn, Shielda, J. F. Stuart, F'. M. Grontl, L. Iose and lies Woodhouso. A clilling ubscri '... :int started by Mr A. MI'Lpnaiin in aid of the liairundalol LldicaB'Uenovoloht Society IIHe roaliced £1 8s. This sum tws blnded in by MIiss Woodhouao at tho laot mereting of thle society. ThIe Mlinitr of Agriculture has de. chI5 1 to impose a ebhrgo otSd per box on all Iutter cont to theo Government refrigereting worko, Flinrlern stre t, for export. This is to rrcotup the Agricul torahl elortmeont for the exICenorA in cnrred in testing the hutter, freezing it and branding and ebipping the boxoe, The Bairnedule first and second foot ball twenties will play a match this afternoon on the college ground, when in view, of the Sale match a good attend ance is requested. Though the reply given by the Ministe.r of Agriculture yesterday to the deputation from Bairnsdale on the oil seed industry is not as cheering as could be wished, it is satisfactory in so far as the worst is now known. The plant to be put up is not to be a per msanent one, but the amount it is to cost should secure one of ample capacity to treat the quantity of seeds that' will be grown this season. A larger one, of course, would have got through the work it will be required to do quicker, but the fact that it is to come straight to Baircsdale on arrival from home should allay all suspicion that the Government does not intend to keep faith with the growers of this district in this respect, Once it is here, it will be some time before it can be removed, we imagine. Mr Taverner appears to think that the growers have not acted up to their promise in regard to the area they agreed to plant in the first instance. Originally close upon 3000 acres were promised. The secre tary sent away by the ekd of last month departmental forms signed for 1222 acres. He has signed forms in his possession for an additional 75 acres. Forms for 250 acres were sent direct to the department by the growers, making a total of 1537 acres. The shortage in the area is principally dueI to the discouragement given by the department, some of whose officers were instrumental in dissuading in tending growers from proceeding fur ther. Had the department been a little bit more alive to advancing the producers' interests, it would have been better posted up in all the details and been in a position to lead instead of having to be driven. How ever, if the growers will only do a little for themselves now, and not trust to the department to do too much, the in dustry will be established and succeed. Mr Taverner, finding that the duties pertaining to the deal positions of 1Mii ster of Agriculture and Minister of Public Works occupy the whole of his time, has resigned the position of Mini ster of Health. It is understood that Mr Williams, the Minister of Railways, will be asked to accept the vacant port folio without any additional salary. A telegram from Omeo states that heavy rains hove been falline in the mountain bolt between Gibpo vd Koaciusko. The Gibbo river is run ning higher than for 14 years past. The rains are confined to the mountain belt, and outside the falls are com paratively light, and very little has fallen to the south of the divide. The Big River is 6 feet above summer level but is going down quickly. All , the assessments in connection with the income tax have now been made. They total £173,927, or a little over £26,000 shortof MrTurner's estimate, which was £200,000. Of the sum assessed, £140,000 was re ceived before the end of June, and since then payments amounting to £11,544 have been made, leaving over £22,000 still to be paid. It was found on going through the schedules that a number of taxpayers had paid income tax on items that were not taxable, and refunds totalling £818 have been made.. If theincome of the taxpayers is the sameduring 1895 as it was last year, the Treasurer will receive dur ing the latter half of the financial year 1S95-0 £175,000 from this tax on account of the current year, and £30,000 on account of 1894 remaining unpaid at the end of 1894-5, which will bring the receipas from this source of revenue up to his estimate for the ere ent year. namely £200,000. In a leading article on the voteo given in the Assembly on Tuesday on the woollen duty, yesterday's Argus makes reference to the efforts alleged to have been made to "nobble" members, and is severe in its strictures on the action of Mor A. Harris, the member for Gippeland Central, Mr W. Anderson (Windermere) and Mr E. D. Williams (Castlemaine). " The members who changed side ," says our contemporary, "were Mr A. Harris, who always is crawling from one side to another, and Mr W. Anderson, whose defection is much more to be re gretted. Rumor had announced the change of Mr Harris before--and also his price, which will be known in Par liament later on. Rumor had also an nounced the fall of Mr Anderson, who has a woollen mill just outside his con stituency, so that the operatives are voters in his electorate. Many men have falsified their previous votes in this fashion on other occasions, but it can be said of all of them that they have lived to regret thle day when they were tempted and fell. They lose caste in the House, they lose their own self- respect. Tihe very men who use them as tools despise theno. In the casne of Mr A. Harris not much harm possibly is done. George the First is said to have liked his oysters stale, and Central Gippeland seems to take to a member who is notoriously fishy." Mr Harris, our Melbourne cor respondent telegraphs, referred to this attack in his place in the Assembly yeoterday afternoon. He denounced it as disgracefol and dastardly. The dis cossion that ensuend had not closed when our telegram was despatched. Accounts are at the receipt and pay office, Bairnedale, for W. Allan, 3J. Buckley, C. Bartiansen, Boe Chong See, E. Clayton,W. H. Donaldson, G. Hotchison, D. Fitzgerald, C. Jones, J. Johnstone (adminietratrix late F. W. Johnstone), R. A. Leech, E. Marsh, A. D. Murrell, J. M'Laughlin 3J. W. Mackienon, Er Nolan, H. J. Petersen, R. Pearsa, M. E. WV. Proesser, H. Reed, C. Stewart, A. Simpson, W. Stevens, C. Stevens and J. Trewin. In compliance with the promise recently given in the House of Com mons by Mr A. J. Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, Sir M, II. Ridley, the Home Secretary, is making fresh inquirice into the case oft Daly, the Irish-American dynamitard, who in 1884 was sentenced to impris~onment for life, and who at the recent general elections was returned unopporod for Limerick, but was declared by the lHouse of Commons incapable of sit ting, on the ground that he is a con victed felon. Both sections of the Home Rule party have pressed for the release of Daly, and it is alleged thant he was elected for Limerick merely to call public attention to his case, The steamer Despateh is making up lost time. She left Melbourne on Monday, and arrived at Bairnudale wharf yesterday. After discharging and re-loading, the steamer left again last evening for Melbourne. In the course of a lecture on the evils of drink, delivered at Wesley Church, Melbourne, lnst Sundey after noon, Mr Justice Hodges said that statistics showed that the drink bill for Victoria foithe year 18S1 amounted to £3,739,000, while the population of the colony was 1,174,000 persons. Disamissing women and children, who did not consume any considerable pro portion of liquor, from the calculation, and reckoning the adult males ot the colony as about one in five of the population, he found that each adult male, exclusive of professed Rechabites, consumod drink to the value of £16 per annum. This would give each adult male 52 gallons of beer, 23 bottles of wine, and 18 bottles of epirits per annum. The total amount spent on breadstuffs for one year, taking statistics of the previous year, which were the latest available, was only half that sum. During 1894 the number of persons arrested in Victoria for drunkenness was 15,981, and for all other crimes 17,392, though no one could say how many of these other crimes were committed in consequence of drink. His experiences on circuit in tne country had brought under bha notice cases of fearful crimes, crimes which desolated whole families and brought irretrievable ruin upon the perpetrators, that were committed entirely owing to the excessive use of alcohol. He counselled all present never to take liquor unless they felt that they absolutely needed it. Speaking from the point of view of numbers, the largest medical consul tation over held was that recently convened in Chia, around the bedside of a member of the Imperial family. There were 324 physicians present; but the patient lived, after all. Widespread devastation continues to be wrought in New South Wales by the drought and bush fires. A member of Parliament who has re turned from a tour throughout the country says that if rain does not fall within eight weeks two- thirds of the sheep will be lost. All the 1895 lambs are dead or dying, In some parts stock are being slaughtered to save their pelts. It is reported that seven cases of Beri Beri, a disease almost peculiar to the East, have been discovered on the ship Seringa, at Newcastle, N.S.W., Bieri Beri has occasionally appeared among the Chinese residents in New South Wales, but the cases amongst Europeans are rare. The symptoms are very severe, including paralysis. By some the disease is thought to be as communicable as small pox. An extraordinary statement was made in the court at Wellington N.Z., on Monday last, during the hearing of a libel case. The defendant, who is a German, said he was endeavoring to bring " Jack the Ripper," whom he knew all about, to justice. He gave a description of "Jack the Ripper,' who, he said, had been stopping in his house at Timaru for some time. His real name was Karl Kappe, and he was an artist, and also a cannibal. The defendant said that he had seen this rorson cut out pieces of the bodies of hi. victims and eat them when hungry. The libel case was adjourned to Friday and the defendant agreed to substanti ate his statements concerning "JTac the Ripper " in private to the magis trate. In the Assembly on Tueeday even- I ing, the Municipal Advances Bill passed its third reading, after ineffect tual attempt had been made by Sir James Patterson to make the shires pay three per cent. on the amount borrowed. Shocking malpractice disclosures have been made in Sydney, and the Benevo lent Society Board, has decided to bring under the notice of the Government the growth of immorality in that city. At the board meeting on Tuesday afterncon Mr Maxted, director, read a paper, in which he said that the num ber of illegitimate children registered as born in the colony in 1892 was 2289, and probably this number would be largely increased if anything were known of the children destroyed. He thought that the new Medical Bill should prohibit the publication of ad vertisements of noxious drugs and illegal operations, and that a law should be passed making it possible for a mother to affiliate an illegitimate child before birth, and allowing the father to be sued with or without the consent of the mother. It was decided that a deputation should wait on the Colonial Secretary in connection with the matter. Attention has been called by Dr Rose in the New South Wales As sembly to the case of a man named Power, who, although dying of ;starva tion, had been refused admission to the Molong Hospital. He was taken subsequently to the gaol; and then by medical order sent back to the hos pital, where owing to the lack of proper attention he died. Power was found in the pangs of hunger to have gnawed the flesh from his own arm. A strict inluiry into the complaint is to be made. In New Yorktwo girls were recently botan joined together at the vertebral column. The children are in good health and can look at each other, and it is not improbable that their life will be preserved. The doctors favor on operation, but the father will not sanction that. The Bairnsdale skating rink will be open every Thursday evening, and to give all patrons an opportunity to en joy themselves an hour will be devoted to skating, twenty minutes will be occupied with a concert programme, and an hour's dancing will conclude the evoening's amusement. A full string band will he in attendance. Admission will be, gentil-ornon one shilling and ladies cordialiv invited.-ACT. J. Ross begs to announce that he has re-commenced tusiness as a tel .r in Bailey stroeet, Itairnedale, next door to M'D)onald's Albion Hotel, where lihe hopes to merit a share of p)trofnnao from his previous customers and theo general public, and being a thorouglhly practical tailor customers may rely on a perfect fit at Melbourne prices. A trial solicited.-AMm, A child named Elmore, aged 2years, was burned to death near Staniwell Q ) on Monday last, through being left in a perambulator which was caught in a bushfire. The clearing sale at S. Feilchenfeld and Co's is a genuine success, and despite the dull times this enterprising firm has every reason to be satisfled with the volume of their sales for July. The cause of this success lies in the genuine quality of the goods and the very low prices at which they are sold. The sale will be continued during the month of August, and the lovely spring goods now gradually arriving are included in the low clear ing prices. Tihe charges for dress making will also remain at from 5s Gd during the month of August. The clearing sale at S. Feilchenfeld and Cao's will finally close on the 81st of this month, and the publice will there fore have a last chance of purchasing first-clsss drapery and clothing at exceptionally low prices during this month. The publice will do well to bear in mind that the first shipments of our new season's goods for spring and summer are now arriving direct from the English markets at Shannon Brosan Every week throughout this month fresh supplies will be landed. As these goods come direct from the manufacturers customers who buy from us can always save the warehouse men's profit.-AnDr. 