BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A CRICKET team from the Blackwood club visited Blakeville on Saturday last, in order to have their usual friendly game with the players of that quaint little forest township. Blackwood batted first, and put up a total of 92 runs before the last wicket fell, but the only player who appeared to meet the opposing bowling with anything like con fidence was H. Cann, who played a good game for 27, not out; the other double figure contributors to the score being W. Wall, with 16, and T. Vigor, 13. In this innings T. Herod did most of the bowling, getting four wickets for 27 runs off 78 balls; but F. Arnup came out with the best record for averages, with two wickets for 2 runs off 12 balls. The absence of Blackwood's most reliable bowler, H. Hayden, who was unable to be present, was much missed at the bowling crease when the Blakeville men batted, and a total of 141 was put up for a loss of only three wickets, when call of time came as a happy relief to an un- usually sharp experience of leather hunt- ing on the part of the Blackwood men. Nearly the whole of the Blackwood team were given a show at the bowling, but the only ones to make an impression were J. Byres, with two wickets for 28; and G. Macpherson, one for 40. The Blakeville batsmen were A. Lay, 32 runs; T. Herod, 12; J. M'Inerney, 8; W. Platt, 54, not out; and F. Arnup, 32, not out. A couple of sixes for lost ball got by this latter player put a climax to the woes of the bowlers, and the visitors were glad indeed to leave the field and partake of the tea and sand- wiches hospitably provided by the Blake- ville club, and after a cheer all round, to saddle up and ride away home through the eight miles or so of rough bush tracks, with the smoke and flame of numerous bush-fires to give variety to the scene. The cricket match, Simmons' Reef v. Barry's Reef, played at Barry's Reef on Saturday, 2nd inst., resulted this time in a win for the home team by 21 runs; the total scores being Barry's Reef 101, Sim- mons' Reef 80. The principal contributors to Barry's Reef's total were E. Walters and C. H. Vroland, with 33 and 30 res pectively; whilst F. Livy, 24, and T. Ter- rill, 22, not out, did best for Simmons' Reef. In the earlier days of the Blackwood diggings the 14 miles or so of the Lerder derg valley from Sebastopol down towards Bacchus Marsh, and locally known under the comprehensive term of "down the creek," provided a large proportion of the alluvial gold raised in the district. Stores and grog shanties, both Chinese and European, were set up on nearly every point on the river bank, and on Saturday nights the more pretentious stores and hotels in the main Blackwood township would experience a very lively time when hundreds of "down the creekers" would make their usual weekly visits for stores or recreation. For the last 20 years or more the whole of that region has been practically deserted, but there now appears to be a revival of interest in that direction, as a large number of miners, both new chum and experienced, may be found scat- tered up and down that portion of the river's bed, ekeing out a living by " creek skimming" or fossicking over once again the terraces and flats worked years ago by what may be termed a past generation of miners. The rainfall at Blackwood for the month of January was exactly 2in., nearly the whole of which fell on the 3rd of the month. The fall for the corresponding month of 1894 was 1.13 inches. 