THE TELEGRAPH INTER- RUPTIONS. Tbe S nth Australian Advertiser, of Janu- ary 25th says :-When Sir John Forrest, the Premier of WeBt Austral a, was in Adelaide he Bhowed a loyal desire to defend the Go- vernment of that province from the charges of neg'ect brought against it by muiog men and others in rtspeot to the télégraphia service from Eucla to Perth. It was natural and ex- cusable for Sir John Fort est t> stand np for bis own department, but it waa both cruel and unjustifiable for him to way that "there are woree breakdowns on th; South Australian eide of tbe line than ou ours." He is perfeotly right, however in affirming that " it is the custom here to say that the interruptions are more fie tuent on our side." A curiously powerful argument against, Sir John's placid faith in the infallibility of the WeBt Australian tele- graph system is provided by the faot that while he yet spake, the lines there ceased to Work, and that they have been in a chronic State ^f disrepair ever since his departure. The unfortunate breakage of the South Aus- tralian overland telegraph line gave the Wes- tern provinoe an opportunity of distinguishing itself, but, <o quote ti e impar* iii anthony of the Melbourne Age, "the 'alternative,' Oable route via Roebuck Bay and Perth is, so far as possibilities of telegraphic trans* mission are concerned, maintaining its unchallengable record of absolute use lessness." Sir Charles Todd in response of enquiñes as to the accuracy of Sir John's charge against South Australia took a gener ms view of the case. It is notorious, be says, that messages from the eastern colonies have accumulated at Eucla because of tbe inability of the West Aus- tral ian department to cope miththe rush of work. It is a1 su correct that telegrams supposed to be flashing across the wire in the Other direction have been delayed before reaching the South Australian border. The line between Adelaide and Eucla is duplexed, but not duplicated, and although the latter improvement will doubtless come in due course, since the adoption of the former system only a few, aud those very trifling, stop, pages have occurred on this side of the boun- dary line. Sir Charles explains in m.tigation .f the ba-'h orittcisms passed on Weet Aus- tralia by the general public in respeot to the unsat sfaotory service on the Roebuok Bay and Coolgardie lines that they were both con- structed cheaply at a time when it was not expected tbat the volume of business would be nearly so great as that now passing over them. The operators are naturally leas ex- pert that in the Eastern colonies because of their lack of practice and experience ; thun derstoims, bushfires ,and white ants have played havoc with the liueB; and the press of messages is tremendous. In one day re- cently 900 messages were sent from Adelaide to West Austialian telegraph st&tiots;, while the daily average is 600 messages. This proves a great strain on the limited vresourcfcB of the Weat Australian lines, and to a great extent excuses the delays, about which ' so much grumbling has recently bien heard. The oable service, too, is now so heavy that the Roebuck line cannot cope with the present emergency even, although, in respond tv. a request from Sir Charles Todd, precea nee WBB given to press messages. On Thursday communication be- tween P-ith and Cool ardi*, which bad bteu interrui-ted for tome tim', was resto-ed, and SO publio resentment in the east against WeBt Australia was s mewuat ailayed, but still-and this agànis a striking commen- tary on Sir J« hn Fo re-t's disclaimer-there will be much earnestness in the repr santa tiona of the depnta'ion of Melbourne stock- brokers who are to wait on him to-day to plead for i he provision o* greater facilities by the Wea: Australian Government for the transmission of m¡ s ages addressed to tl-e other cole nies. 