South Coast News. A BOY named William York was drowned at Cowoodji Creek, near Wollongong, whilst bathing on Monday morning, December 16. Upon the proposed water-works at Wollongong, assuming the cost to be £20,000, the Borough Council would have to pay £711 5s per annum in- terest. It is calculated that this amount would be reduced to £597 5s by payments by the Railway Department. The Railway Commissioners state that they would not pay more than 6d per 1000 gal- lons for water. A deputation of dairymen recently waited upon the managers of the Sydney milk companies, and requested that on account of the dry season and the decrease in the yield of milk, the price paid to sup- pliers should be raised. After consultution all the companies agreed to raise the price paid from 6½d to 7d per gallon duriug the month, provided that the Farmers and Dairymen's Company could make satisfactory arrangements with their vendors. News has now been received that such terms could not be arranged, and that, therefore, the price paid will remain at 6½d. The Wollongong farmers are very much discontented. Several housos were destroye by fire in the Kangaroo Valley district recently. Bush fires are prevalent in eyery direction, and much trouble and hard work is being experienced by residents in that neighbourhood. Bushfires are raging around the township of Nowra and the town common was on fire on Thursday 19th. Much damage has been done to fencing in the dis- trict. A haystack belonging to Mr.George Noakes was consumed, and his house was in danger for a considerable time. The Kiama Independent says :-The public well at Terrara is quite a boon to the residents just now. Nearly all the other water failed, and most of the tanks are empty. The Rev. M. Gibbes, of Sydney, has been ap- pointed incumbent of the Church of England in Kiama. The blacksmiths of Milton have formed a union to conduct business on a cash basis. The military authorities intimate that the arms and accoutrements of the Illawarra Half-squadron will be restored to them. Mr. Pritchard, of the Berry Estate is giving the Paspalum Dilatatum grass a trial there. Mr. Pritchard is dairying on a large scale. His output of milk is a ton a day. At Wollongong Thomas Cahill has been commit- ted for trial charged with maliciously wound- ing John Lally, at Dapto, on November 9. He is alleged to have slashed him across the chest with a razor. Mrs. Dunn, daughter of Mr. and.Mrs. O'Meara, of Jamberoo, is dead. She leaves a husband and five children. Dr. Hay is having the Berry Agricultural Hall renovated; and the grounds enlarged and improved, for the approaching annual exhibition. Mr. Putrick Duffy, sen., died at Nelligen re- cently, at the ugo of 105 years. He resided on the Clyde River for over 50 years. In reply to the petition praying for the establish- ment of a Court of Petty Sessions at Dapto, the Minister for Justice states that, as Dapto is only seven miles by rail from Wollongong and five miles from Albion Park, he cannot recommend that the petition be complied with at present. SYDNEY. BANKRUPTCY Y COURT.-Before the Registrar, Mr. Henry, on Wednesday. Jixuniiuntion of bankrupt, William Muldoon. Bankrupt was a storekeeper at Rous, and had never been insolvent before. The cause of his failure, he stated, was sickness and competition in trade. The official assignee intimated that it was proposed to hold an examination under section 30 in this matter. On Friday, re William Muldoon; This examination, which was under section 30, was further adjourned to the 27th instant. LISMORE SCHOOL OF ARTS,-The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the above in- stitution was held on Tuesday last. Present-Mr. C. Coghlan (President, in the chair), Messrs. G. Larkin, W. Lockett, G. B. Somerville, O. Poolman, F. Ridley, F'. Rutherford, A. J. Simpson, T. M. Hewitt, and F. J. Nicholls (Secretary). Corres- pondence was read relating to insurance on piano, the Free Public Library advising despatoh of a box of books, the promoters of the Girls' Friendly So- ciety re rent for hall, and Darlinghurst Gaol re bookbinding. It was decided to allow the Girls' Club the use of the hall for 2s 6d per night and a concert as promised. Mrs. Elvery was granted the hall on the same terms as last year. The library committee were instructed to get the Scientific American bound on the terms proposed. The fol- lowing accounts were presented and passed for payment :-Gas, £1 3s 4d ; George Robertson, new books, £3 3s; and Wickins album, 7s 6d. The Librarian's Report showed that 198 books had been issued during the mouth, 177 returned, and 83 still in circulation ; 51 members using the library ; re- ceipts, £5 5s. A member complained of the pre- vailing practice of those members taking out magazines keeping them for an indefinite period, and after discussion it was decided that the rule re- ferring to this be strictly carried out. It was de- cided to obtain a number of printed slips, to be pasted on books, magazines, &c.; the property of the institution. The President aid Secretary were in- structed to prepare and submit, at next meeting, draft of the Annual Report for presentation to members. The meeting then terminated. FOR STOMACH AND LIVER COMPLAINTS nothing hotter than GERMANIA PILLS. 