'BY ORDER OF THE. MORTGAGEE." COMPULSORY SALE OP A FARM. A SKETCH PROM LIFE. {By "Selector," in the Melbourne Arous.) I " Ilulloa ! You up iu tills quarter again V .lump up, and come willi me. I'm going down io a sale at Plue Ridge to pick up a foAV springers. AYe'll be back for tea." This from old Carter, a Avell-eonditloned farmer, AVhom 1 met the other day driving along a dusty three-chain (ioulhuru Valley road. I readily compiled Avitli the invitation, and . Avns soon seated alongside Hie oki man. "Have a pull at the Avater-bag-there I It hangs. Confoundedly hot ; this Avlnd AVIII bring up a change." 1 agreed Avith | his remarks on Hie Aveather. and helped myself lo tin» contents ol' tbo water- bag. In the early days Carter Avas currying on the roads, lirst to Bendigo and M'lvor, and then to the Ovens. When the Laud Act ol' '(ill sent the men from the goldfields swarming np over the Dividing Range on to Hie dry plains ol' the north. Carter Avent Avith the eroAvd and settled doAvn near the river. With a good helpmate and live young- sters still in their teens, but trained to Avoik, a live-horse team and outfit, some sim re cash, and a good knowledge ol' tlie i practical details incidental to pioneor 1 big, Avhlch his rough life on the roads had given him, he starled with fair pro- spects. Seventy-eight, Hie year of rust, and total failure in the crops, gave him a big shaking. .lack, the elder son, who ' had attained lils majority ÍAVO or titree years previously, had gone up on to tlie Murray frontage and selected for him- self. Of course the dad set bim up, and in addition had purchased a neighbour's i lunn Avith a VIPAV ol' ultimately pro ' viding for Bob and the three girls, so i that he AVUS Avidely spread when the ! bloAV fell. It caused ii mild linancial panic In the valley thal Aveeded oui the wasters, and sent no1 a l'eAV of the better men to the Avail besides. Carter and lils family lind all they kneAV to pull through, but lia.d work and harder living for a few years pul them on their I feet, and thoy aro UOAV AVOII off. His farm of 000 acres Is debt free, and Avell IniproA-ed, and he OAVUS a traction engine and triiA-elllng thrashing and/ chalïcut iing plant, which does Avork for the fanners over a very wide district. j A big. burly, red faced, gray beadell ' man, untidy In dress, rough In manner I and in speech, bul AA Itli a bright, kindly eye and a cheery laugh, snell a man is ] Carter. Uneducated, so far as the learuiug of the schools Is concerned, | lint shrPAvd. observant, thoughtful ; , eliokoful of knoAvledge in regard to every i phase of our bush life, with Avhich lils I Avork has brought him so closely in i touch, he Is just such a man as one inte- rested in country development would count It a privilege lo have a chat with. " Well, how has the season gone in the valley ?" " Like everywhere else. bad. Bob was only out Ion weeks with the I thrasher, against fourteen last season ; I r>ln. of rain lu October cooked the crops on the ciab-holey lund, and three briek I Holders, one after the other, in Xovoni ! bet1 brought doAvn the yield of the rest."' " And the low prices V" "Lord, they're aAVful : wheat eight bob a bag. oats three bob ; 'it's the bit of milk,' as I'al says, 'Hint's the saving ol' tlu> cockies this year.' " " And will many farmers be driven out ?" " Yes, poor devils, any number. The local papers are full of clearing sales, but there are no buyers, and the unfor- tunate seller gets little or nothing for the implements and stock lie has taken years to gol together at great <;ost." "And wheio are the men going ?" " Heaps of them up Into XOAV South Wales Bob and I took a turn round last year to have a look at the country, and I tell you Ihey are going to draw oil' a mighty lot ol' our farmers. The sta- tion arc letting thousands of acres on the shares system : the squatter finds and clears the land, und provides the seed ; the farmer ¡nits In the crop and lakes II off, and gives half the yield as real to the squatter ; to men without capital, but AVIIO have horses and imple- ments, It Is the last chance, and they go for it. Around Berrigan and Naran dera tens of thousands ol' acres are boin.» taken np ; al Cootamundra mid Coola- mon It Is the same, and siAvay «ii at Young. ,'iOO miles from Sydney, some of our own neighbours are settling; they can get their grain hauled all that dis- tance to Sydney for the same price as II costs us lo send li from (he local sta- tion to Melbourne-V20 miles." .' What do you ihlnk of M.\ Irvine's proposal lo ease doun the payment ol' selectors' rents ?" " 11 Is the only AVUV tut of a bart Job ; il in better to keep the mon at work than force them out, and thitt'H wluit'll hap- pen if tlie depart incut ihroulriiH to press. The other creditors will get alarmed and screw the men tip. I sic Host han i brou Inllcing n good deal, bul I am afraid he doesn't know much about the mutter. I Poor Victoria is lou* down when she ! 1ms to rely on a team ol city lawyers to steer lier through her autieul ties ; why, if you brought the whole crowd out lion», they wouldn't know ti hpringer from ii , steer." " Hut don't you think n lol of farmers would take iidvani.'.go ol the new scheme, who could well alford to pay up V" " Not If there's any business savee in the department. Let a man who ; wants to avail himself ol' Its piovlslons furnish returns showing ¡ils position and Income, IIB »he would have to do to any other creditor from whoi i he was asking lime lo pay, and the schemers can be spotted at once, ami Hie stniggle», saved from worry and trouble that Is well nigh killing them. Tlcy'll soon find how pieelous few are lu a position to pay up." " And' resuming pari of the selection to wipe out arrears V" " It won't act m Hie North ; ii may do in Gippsland anti tho heuvHy-tlm hcrcd ranges. Now. There's poor old Breakhart, whose sale we ure going to. Ho worked for nie tlie first three years wo wero up here : then selected :12() acres, worked hurd. Homet lines for him- self, sometimes for his neighbours. When his lease fell duo he had to bor- row. Bust, sickness, drought, locusts, bushfire«, and ontorplii:i"i' have from time to time set him back, and he had to IncrciiHe his borrowings ; he lina £'! fis. au nero on lils hind, und pays 8 per ceut. The riiorokoopcr has n stock mort- gage on his hornes anil cattle, und hail n lien on lils crop. Bo'oro harvest lie had to como lo me to borrow n few pounds lo help him through the harvest. Every your since wo'vo been out Bob lias thrnsbed for Ulm. This season when li« lind done willi him It was pitiable to KOP the romiU ; 100 acres wliont, two lings to tho nero, nt 8s.: UO acres barley, three bugu, i2s.; 20 si crea oats, six bags, ils.; total result, Í132. It cost him at least £."0 to put ii in and take it off. so that left him £102. Out of iliis he has to pay £80 to £!)() for ii year's InMrost. Perhaps he knocked £10 or £1.~> out of lila cows. At the best the man had about £23 to pay wear and tear and tinker. He is behind with his mtcres' und seeing no prospect ol' pulling up. asked his mort- gagee io foi"'>clO!-e. -\i''cr struggling for twenty years to got nu his feet he 1« going out with a couple ol' horses, a dray, and a double-furrow plough. You could buy the lot for £.'!0." " Where Is the poor fellow going '!" " I'p near Nurundora willi ..' neigh- bour's son to try the share.« system." We were at Breakhart's slip-rails now. The auctioneer's red lias wa.-, stuck in one of (he gateposts. The house was back about twenty chains from the road. As we drove up the auctioneer mounted a cart and bogan rending ihe conditions of sale: forty or llfty persons were grouped around him. and a few strag- glers were scattered over th"> yard leisurely Inspecting the slock und ¡niple nients. Wo soon unhitched and had the horse tied to the yard leuce. Carter mounted a cliock-and-log fence, and care- lessly watched the proceedings, while 1 edged up to the group at the cart. i he laud iva1-, being sold " by order of the mortgagee." £2 ."is. an acre could romain by way ol' mortgage on the hold- ing al 7 per cent ; for the balance one third cash, and two bills, one at twelve and one at twenty-four months, would be taken : the highest bidder'was to be the purchaser. Then caine a descrip- tion of tlie farm-.'120 acres rich land, well-fenced, subdivided Into six pad- docks, watered by a well and two dams; cottage, stabling, dalry yards, Ac. The nuctloueer in seductive tones begged for an offer, just to start him, but after fruitless efforts the attempt was given up, and It wns Intimated that buyers could treat privately for it on the ternis Indicated. "Now. gentlemen, we will pass on to the stock muí imptónents." There was a slight stir, and a couple of neighbours carne round with a can of beer and a nmg. A little Irishman with a squeak- ing voice led off with the mug, and wished "Mr. Breakliart a dashed.goori sale." A gray mare, six years' old. guaranteed any trial In any kind of h ar- ness, was led out, and, after a number ol' bids, coming slowly, was knocked down at £S. the little Irishman being the purchaser. A junky horse, strong and useful, went at £10, another at £."> 10s.. and a hack at 23s. The implements included a stripper and winnower, which had worked for four seasons, and cost £85 new, and a reaper and binder which had seen three years' service, and cost £(¡5. For both a promissory note, due on the 1st Feb- ruary next without Interest, would be taken ; the stripper was passed lu. tho binder sold for £1-1. A slugle-furrow plough went for lös.; a double. In good order, for £5 10s.; a spring cart with Hie (1res a bit loose, but otherwise good, for £3 ; harness for a song ; a big Ihree horse scarlller, worth £1(1 new, for £-1 10s.; a set of harrows for 23s., a wag- gonette for Í7 10s., odds «ml ends for a few shillings. Then tile cottle- half-a dox.cn steers, a few calves, and sovernl old cows-went for absurdly low rates ; half-a-dozen springers brought from 30s. to 70s. each. I nudged Carter, along- side whom I was now sutlng, " I thought you wanted springers, old man." " Not good enough." he grunted. Two nice half-bred Ayrshire cows were then led out, and interest at once centred on them. " These are Mrs. Breakharl's favou- rite cows, gentlemen. Thov are both lu full profit, and splendid dairy cows, as you can see. The near one Is Palsy, the'other Beauty. lil offer Daisy first. How much for her V" " h'ifty shillings," shouted some one. " Go along man ; make me nn offer 1 can accept. Murphy, hand round that beer. Gentlemen, this country Is going lo the dogs. I've been all Hie afternoon belling my lungs out to sell £70 worth of stuff : it cost Breakhart £X5<) al least to pul It together. I must give up this game and go Into Parliament." "You'll never see Hie big House. You're no1 a Liberal of Hie old school." "Thank God for thal. Mick. You don't Avant lo see a respectable neigh- bour end up a useful career by roosting on a three-legged stool for seven bob a day, like Jack Gardiner, do you ?" " Xof while there's a blanket and a mla-mla left In Victoria," squeaked the Irishman. " Bully for you, Mick," shouted Young Australia. Attention Avas again directed to Hie COAVS. and this time Daisy AVUS started ut 80s. by a big. strong-minded Avoinan, AVIIO elbowed her wav through the croAVd. " Siis.," " Otis.," " orín.," " 07s. lid.." "£.">." " l"> 2s. Dil." cum» In rapid succession. The latter bid Avas the old lady's, and If seemed as (hough Daisy Avould be hers. " The la.sl cu|l." shouted the auctioneer. Carter caught his eye and nodded. " Guineas," be yelled triumphantly, and looked hard at the oki lady. She nodded also. " 7s. Od.." the auclloneer said Avltli a grin, looking oui way. Carter again nodded. "15 10s." "Don't bid against the Avlddy, Mr. Car- ter," squeaked a lillie Irishman. Hut the "widdy" AAlis done, and Curler gol the COAV and also her companion, after further spirited bidding, at i'll. Then lolloAA-ed the household effects. Thoy AA-ere wretchedly meagre mid paltry and lu keeping with Hie cheerless home, a foiu- roomod Avealhcr-board shell Avltli a log hut at flic ¡nick. I caught sight of Mrs. Breakhart here-sad-eyed and melancholy, as our bush life leaves so many of our women all loo soon. She brightened later on AVIICII Carter Avent up and spoke to her. The children Avert» quiet and shy-three little girls and a ruddy-laced boy of M. Breakhart had been moving about during the sale- it tall spare man, willi stooped shoul- ders, a bronzed caroAvorn face, hair turning gray, not u spare ounce of flesh on his finnie. Twenty years of pioneering work on hard fare hail taken all Hie heart out of him. It AVUS sad to think that now, when respite should con.o to bim, he and lils Avlfe and lltt'e ones lind to move on and begin tho dreary task again. Thore was the dray Avltli n boine-mado tilt ol' bags slung over a couple of bent saplings, lu wliich Ihey were to start to-niornnv morning. Before evening they will have eroesed the Murray, aud left Victorian soil. Breakhart caine up 1o us as wo were hitching up. He poured out his heartfelt thanks to Carter, for he had Just learned that the old niau had gh-en the tAA'o COAVS to Mrs. Breakhart. When Ave got home for lea 1 discovered that Bessie. Hie only girl al home now, and the dad had planned It all, and that he bad no other purpose lu visiting the sale. , 