fíeuis in ßt*tef. Brief then-What's the news.-KING JOHN A bush-fire was raging at Wilberforce Settle ment, last week, when a quantity of grass was burned. _ Householders had better beware, for burglars are about. Let the bull-dog loose during the holidays. Bush-fires were noticeable out Blacktown-road way on Monday last, perhaps the most disagree able day of the season. The General Gordon made a trip to Windsor on Wednesday, and on Thursday took a number of passengers back to Sydney. Mr F W Kaiser, teacher at North Bourke, and late of Lower Hawkesbury, with Mrs Kaiser, are on a visit to Sackville. Summer fruit is very scarce. The storm on Monday night played havoc with the early fruit, blowing it nearly all oft the trees. A nocturnal visit was paid by a Railway-officer to the Richmond line stations during the week. He got the full strength of them all. Mr Wm Moses is having the Hawkesbury Stores renovated, which, when completed, should lend an attractive appearance to the premises. A newly-married couple from Richmond created quite a sensation at Windsor Station, whilst on. their way to Sydney by train, on Tuesday last. A son of Mr Popplewell, of Wilberforce Settle ment, was bitten by a snake last week, but the usual remedies were applied, and the boy soon recovered. The bar of the Hawkesbury Hotel, whose destinies are presided over by Mr Jim Walsh, now looks A.i.,-having recently been newly renovated. We are informed that there is no truth in the rumour now in circulation, to the eftect that Mr H Pateson intends to contest the Hawkesbury at next election. Dr. V. Maraño, who was for some years practis- : ing in Windsor, has just returned from a trip to j his native land Italy. Dr. Maraño is lae Italian Consul in Sydney. Mr C Day, a Windsor boy. has received notice that he is to be transferred from the Telegraph office. Roselle (the head of which is a Richmond boy, Mr f McNeely) to Tamworth. Mr W H H Becke. P.M., who is relieving the P.M. at Wollongong, was in Windsor this week, on « brief visit, fie will probably complete bis duties at Wollongong this week. Mr A Atkins, late of Wilberforce, is back from West Australia, " bronzed and bearded like a bard." He intends to return to the land of gold, and of " sin, sweat, and sorrow." In order to get Mr Hall's crop of straw in from McGrath's farm, beyond South- creek; this week, harvesters were working as late as io o'clock some nights. The straw brought great prices. Miss Baker, who has for a considerable time been located at the Wilberforce Public School, has left for Broken Hill, where she is to be married during the Christmas vacation, The sultry weather we have been experiencing causes a big drain on the town water supply, and the waterworks engineer has had to pump early and late in order to keep the tanks full. Stock owners are reminded that they must make a return of their stock to Mr C W Dargin, Stock Inspector at Penrith, by the 31st December, otherwise they render themselves liable to a penalty of £20. Tourist Cook proposes to run regular excursion trips up the Hawkesbury to Windsor and back again to Sydney. As. he has made these trips popular elsewhere, there is no reason why he should not do so here. The new mail contractors for the conveyance of the several mails throughout the district will start from New Year's Day. Mr T Thompson, the present contractor (Windsor to Wiseman's) in tends to run his coach as usual. On Thursday week last Mr Angus Mackay lectured on " Vegetables, Fruit, and Flowers" at the Lower Portland Public-school. There was a large attendance, the lecture being given under the auspices of the local progress committee. Mr T Primrose, Chairman of Trustees informs us that the following road tenders have been ac cepted -.-Gravel for Cornwallis Road, Richmond end, C Jeffreys, 2/- per cubic yard ; gravel for Cornwallis Road, near Bridge. Windsor end, D Gosper, 1/9 do; Blacktown Road, M Keogh, 1/ do. On Saturday last, 15th inst, an infant daughter of Mr Stephen Upton died at her parents' resi dence, Newtown. Her remains were interred' in St Matthew's C. of E. Cemetery on Sunday after noon, Rev Mr Hough being the officiating clergyman, and Mr T Collison the undertaker. Roland Potts, having failed to pay money due for maintenance of a child, is now confined in Windsor Gaol tilt he meets his liabilities in this direction. How he will be able to earn the money for the purpose, whilst locked up, is one of tbe mysteries which no one can unravel. Verily, " the law's a bass." If ever the necessity for watering George-street was clearly proved, it was on Monday last. Householders and storekeepers were compelled to make doors and windows fast in order to keep the dust out, and were well-nigh -stifled all day. Surely the water-cart might be put on, if only in the interests of business-people, who pay heavy rates, and have much of their stock damaged by the dust-fiend. Qn Saturday night last a benefit dance was tendered t'p Master VV M ol Joy, who'lias acted as musician all through the season at the Saturday night dances. There was a large attendance of both sexes, and dancing was indulged in till about 12 o'clock; Refreshments were provided by Mrs Mr George Pendergast, late ot Pitt Town, has gone away lo Western Australia Mr and Mrs C t Broome have started lor a trip to New Zealand for a few weeks. Fred Ross and Alf Carroll have returned home from the backblocks for the Xmas holidays. Mr Wm Alexander, at one time operator in the local Post-office, ha's been on a visit to Windsor. The Windsor junior CC will hold their annual concert in January, in aid of the funds of their club. Mr W Moses has shown the GAZETTE a nice sample of dried apricots from hi6 Oakville orchard at the Bullridge. Mr 'Vm Loader, from Sackville, left for his holidays last Saturday. Mr and Mrs Loader drove down to Shoalhaven. The GAZETTE'S Christmas issue went off well ; nearly 1500 copies were issued, and all were dis posed of before Tuesday last. All Public-schools in the district last week closed for the Xmas holidays, a fact which ha» made the youngsters' hearts rejoice A child of Mr fohn Fewings' died on Tuesday last. The child, winch was without arms, was somewhere about 12 moots old. Hon W Walker, M.L.C., and Mrs Walker, were amongst the guests at the garden party at Government House on Wednesday last. A band is being formed in Windsor, and prac tice is held once or twice a week. Do they intend " doing" the town on New Year's Eve ? The steam-launch Colonel did a short ran down the river this week just to get ih trim for the Carnival on the 26th inst (Boxing Day). There was a slight scare over the 'town on Mon. day morning, when news of the Richmond Post, office burglary was made pub^j property Last week at the local Court-house more money in fines was paid in for one week by three persons than has been secured for some considerable time. Mr D Salter, of Wilberforce, has been realizing good prices for bis early tomo toes-3/6 for quarter cases, or at the rate of eight-pence per dozen wholesale. Monday last was perhaps the most disagreeable day experienced for some time past ; dust storms were blowing all day, and the bead at the time was most oppressive. It is rumoured that two young men are thinkinl of buying into one of the leading hotels in town At present they seem to have more than a passing interest in the same. The heavy fines imposed on users of strong language by the local Bench during the past couple of weeks is having a beneficial effect. They swear in French now. We would ask country correspondents to send along their news' items as early as possible next week, owing to ' the Christmas holidays coming along during that time. The first ripe grapes of the season were on view at the John Bull Stores on Saturday last, and a ticket placed on the exhibit stated that the fruit was raised on the John Bull Estate." Most of the local School-teachers are off for the holidays-some to New Zealand, Tasmania, and other pleasure resorts. Several of the local towns people speak of taking a holiday trip to Hobart. Miss M Percjval, a sister to Mr J G Percival, recently of the local butter factory, has been ap pointed probationer nurse at the Hawkesbury Benevolent Asylum. À great number of appli cations were received. Quite a number of Public-school teachers of Hawkesbury production have made their way back here for the holidays-some from 'every corner of the colony. None of them look any the worse on it, but mostly better. Very few break-up entertainments have been held in the district this year in connection with the Public-schools. This is a mistake, as the presentation of prizes, &c;, encourages the pupils to renewed and persistent effort The potato crops around the district are fast ripening, and owners are endeavouring to market them at the earliest opportunity. The maize crops along the low lands are a picture to look upon, and give promise of good results. Who were the two. young fellows who took their lady friends for a row in a boat up the South Greek last week» and, whilst skylarking, precipitated one of the fair damsels into the ?water, from which she was rescued after great trouble. _ One of the local brigade boats.still lies in the old brewery yard. It certainly receives a little amount of shelter from the trees and the old brewery building, but there is no denying tbe fact that it would be better preserved if it were in an enclosed shed._ Mr W Morgan, M.L A., was in town on Friday last, and assisted at St Matthew's R.C. Church organ recital. He was also in Windsor on Tues day. When Parliament prorogues it is probable that Mr Morgan will go round the electorate, and give an account of his stewardship! What would have been a serious tire was averted at Mr W C Barker's residence on Monday night. Mr j O'Brien noticed a blaize there, and on in vestigation it turned out that the coverlet of a chest of drawers had become ignited. Luckily the flame was extinguished before any damage was, done. _ At the presentation of military decorations by His Excellency the Governor on Monday, tht fol lowing were recipients of long-service medals : Third Infantry Regiment; Colonel William Hillier Holborow ; Major Charles Septimus Guest ; Cap tain and Honorary Major William Farmer Lins ley, retired ; Major James Hill, retired. 1 here is an agitation on foot just now regarding the pollution of the river, from which the town water supply is taken, fjome of the water io question, having been analysed by an expert, bas been pronounced to be totally unfit for human consumption As a result of the pollution of the water by a woolwash near Penrith-^it ls asserted that horses and cattle will not drink it for upwards ] Mr. and Mrs. B. H.*?dr» were in Windsor last Sunday. * Mr. W. Moses is thinking of erecting a bathing house ôn the River Spanks. Local tomatoes, a good sample, at John son's sale ou Saturday brought as high as fifteen pen ~E ;>er dozen, -? ? ..j ?> Messrs W Beard and Co. have just opened a large shipment of crockery im ported direct from England. Miss Wiley's school broke up for the Xmas vacation on Monday last. Miss Wiley has gone away to New Zealand for the Xmas holidays. Mr Frank Rodda is about to have a well-earned month's holiday, and intends to spend a week of it on the Hawkesbury fishing, &c.; The thermometer on Monday last, the 16th inst, registered 104^ degrees, at Mr Tebbutt's Observatory. This was the hottest day this season. Mr James Byram will shortly remove into the premises recently vacated by Mr S E Dyer. The property was purchased by Mr Byram some time ago. Rev S G Fielding has. been away for a few days. On Sunday last his pulpit1 Was filled at the morning and evening service by Mr Hough, of Randwick. The Juniors' annual visit to St. Albans 1 on the 26th January promises to be a great success, and enquiries are being made from all parts by intending excursionists. i It is rumored that another effort will be made early in the new year to point out to the Military Authorities the adaptabilities of the local barracks for use as head quarters. The necessary repairs have been effected in the street at the corner of the Police Barracks. The street leading to the Court-house has been in a rough way for a long time. Miss King, who assisted at the organ recital in the R C Church on Friday night last, has been highly complimented on her singing by many who had the pleasure of listening to her. The local Council took advantage of the shower on Monday night after the dust storm of Monday, and set a number of men to work on the streets raking up the loose metal and clearing the watertables. The potato market suffered a wonder ful drop last week, the price receeding from about £g to about ¿5 per ton, and" during the same period the fruit market revived 'almost as rapidly as the potato market dropped. Six members of the Wilberforce Settle ment were disenrolled by the board last week. It is said that some of the disen rolled men intend to make application for their blocks under under the Homestead Selection provisions. Messrs Summerbell and others, who have been spending a few weeks on the river and who were camped near the bridge, started for Sydney in their yacht on Tuesday last. They seemed to have a good time at Windsor. Next Wednesday will be Xmas day, when the fatted goose and the squeaking "sucker" will be killed. The shop windows are all presenting a Xmas ap pearance, each business man in his own particular way making some special at traction for the season. The past few weeks has proved a trying time for dairymen, every care and attention being necessary to keep the milk sweet over night. The supply at the local factory has not increased to a very consid eable extent, but the price keeps up well, compared with former years. The rights for publican's booth and refreshment stalls for the Carnival on Box-" ing Day will be submitted to auction by Mr J B Johnston oh Saturday next at his rooms. The committee of the .Swimming Club have received permission from the Council to erect stalls, &c;, on the Reserve. On Wednesday evening next, Xmas day, Xmas Carols with organ and orchestral accompaniment, under the conductorship of Mr Arthur Massey, will be rendered by the choir in St Matthew's Church of Eng land, and on Monday, December, 30th a grand Musical Festival will be given when Messrs Arthur Massey, Will Davis and visitors and the choir will take part. ! It is reported that Q couple pf middies who passed, through Windsora short time ago, bound for Penrith in a dingy, and who were spending a few days on the river at North Richmond, were arrested on Tuesday last for deserting from their ship, just as they were starting in a vehicle for Windsor to attend 