URANA. * (OOBBESPONDENT JEEILDEBIE HBBA1D ) I perceive that we have new mail contractors here—Mr. Norman to Coonong Siding, and Mr. Davidson to Jerllderie. It is to be hoped that they will give equal satisfaction to the retiring ones.' As Crawford and GJ. are still contlnnlng to run their coach to Coonong, fares are enre to come down. Good news for the poor pnblic. It is only tobe lioped that sufficient traffic will turn up to support the two. * BushfirCs seem to have gone oat of fashion, for although we had some very hot days tor oar raceB, we were not disturbed by the alarm of " fire." It is a -wonder that everything passed off ao well on race day, and that no fire occurred <m the mm, for iron the long grus around apparently neither the conrse (or surrounding lands ere looked after, for the grass ,s about two feet high, which a single match, carelessly thrown' away, could have set the whole country ablaze. Who is to blame for this state of the course 1 I consider the trustees, who should include in their termB when leasing the ground that the land around the course should have a fire- break at leaBt two chains wide. Mr. Brett has just informed me,sorrowfully, that his old and favorite draught mare Brown came to her end. The old mare was well known in Jerilderie. She was 32 years old when she ehnffl id of the mortal coil. It seems that she came home a few days ego and laid down and died in the yard where she wasBO often fed. There is a legend extant about this mare worth recording. She ie the one who went into the Urana Creek in the flood year 1891 harnessed to a dray, and swam about 150 yardB, and when in difficulties Harry DempBey, a celebrated horseman in those days, swam to her rescue, cut the straps and set her free. Mr. Brett mourne her loss. It seemB that in the future local hospitals will not be able to choose their own servants I gather from a rccent circular that before a matron and wardsmon are chosen their names and qualifications should be submitted to the Board of Health. If this Is taking powers which should belong to the committee into the hands of the Government, then the quicker the head of affairs took the matter in hand the better for the community. It strikes me very forcibly that the Health Department, for want of employment, should first icquire within. There is no doubt retrenchment is at the bottom of all. We Uranaltes are not afraid to meet any inspector the powers are likely to send. Some alarm was occasioned late on Saturday evening when smoke was seen rising in the direction of Mr. William's place, at the back of Butherwah. It seems the fire started amongst some new straw, and no doubt originated before giving it time to thoroughly dry. By some it iB sutmised that matches were spilt carelessly by men employed in harvesting There is no donbt that nnlees help from the station and township had arrived a great many small farmers in the neighborhood would have snffered great IOBB. NO less than four fireB have been recorded here, for which no cause can be assigned. All that can be said is that people are becoming very careless. It would serve them right if the full power of the law would be applied to the first against whom it can be proved, as it was only by sheer hard work the fire fiend was conquered. I am sorry to record the death of Mrs. Bar wick, the wife of an old resident of the town. Her remains were followed to the last resting p'ace by a great namber of residents of town and district, 