Jteebfes. 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' She — ' I wouldn't marry the best man in the world.' He — *' There's no danger of that ; the bride never marries the best man.' Drowned in the Para. A ladies' bicycle club. Codlin moth in Victoria. Export of arms to Samoa. Shooting case in Auckland. Stabbing affray at Mannum. Gun accident at Narracoorte. Bush fire at Wjllunga last week. A trip to the village settlements. Burning, fatality at Saddleworth. Sanguinary fighting in Columbia. Stabbing affray at Walkers Flat. Portrait of Sir Samuel Davenport. Wesleyan Conference opens ne;A week. Oijstreperous natives at Murray Bridge. The Wool Bay chataqua a great success. A series of fires during the last few days. Central mine about to double the output. Another rich discovery in West Australia. Aboriginals troublesome in West Australia. England won the cricket match at Brisbane. Citv fathers had a good time at Marble Hill. Victoria won the Sheffield Shield match easily. A year of prosperity at the village settle ments. Reduction of railway freights in New South Wales. Another West Australian, miue floated in London. The Londonderry Consols have cut a reef 14 ft. wide. Cape Borda lighthouse endangered by a buslinre. The steamer Pukaki ran on a boulder and got hurt. The Pope entertains no faith in the Czar's liberalism. Lyons is again one of the cricket lions of Australia. The new cave at Narracoorte ought to be opened up. Murders are being committed daily in Con stantinople. Sir John Forrest acknowledges that he is a federiitionist. Bikes and riders got mixed up on tbe Oval on Saturday. A clergyman the respondent in a Sydney divorce suit. Tbe 'beavers' had a hot time at the Morialta fire. Verjr few of the eggs shipped by the Massilia were broken. The Chinese Emperor when licked slaughters all his ofieers. A heated debate in the Senate on the cur rency question. There are nearly 60,000 gas-burner3 in the London streets. Sir Samuel Davenport's portrait presented to the Art Gallery. Natives at Murray Bridge have been having a high old time. The Lieutenant-Governor helped at the bush fire on Saturday. Blocks in the Lake Bouney settlement to be allotted by ballot. Mr. Justice Stephen off to the old country on a holiday trip. The South mine has started a duplicate con centrating plant. Australian butter continues to obtain good prices in London. The development at Block 14 is assuming large proportions. Annual swimming matches at the City Baths on Monday next. Morialta was in great danger of being burnt down on Saturday. Solace won the /special Handicap Race at Lares on Saturday. Mr. Giilen spoke- to his Redhiil constituents for over two hours. Mr. Giilen has been addressing his con stituents at Redhiil. Murray village settlements to receive city visitors next month. Carbine's new owner, the Duke of Portland, is only 37 years old. Australian butter in London, 98s. per cwt. ; cheese, 96s. per cwt. The Marine Board encountered a ' devil' in their trip up the gulf. The butter sent home by the Orient arrived in splendid condition. Harding has defeated Sullivan for the Sculling Championship. A member of Parliament committed for trial on a charge of libeL A curious semi-official eruption has just taken place at Singapore. Two thousand five hundred people at the bicycle sports on Saturday. Within the present year 950 camels have been landed at Fremantle. Another large consignment of camels from India landed at Fremantle. Sir George Grey is writing a fairy tale founded on a Maori legend. Laura residents growling because their town is situated in the wrong place. There are 1, 700 more people on the land than there were twelve months ago. The severe weather in England is proving too much for Sir George Grey. Almost five-eighths of the steamers in the world are under the British t!ag. At Orroroo races on Wednesday £1,320 passed through the totalizator. The quantity of wheat afloat for the United Kingdom is 3,062,000 quarters. t The_ first mining crushing machidery run by electricity started at Hillgrove. A further shipment of live fat cattle dis patched from Sydney to London. Fruitgrowers in Victoria are alarmed at the rapid increase of the codlin moth. The Londonderry South Extended lode showing coarse gold at C6 ft. depth. It is said that Paderewski made £62,000 while on his recent tour in America. The Newcastle Coal Company intend to secede from the Miners' Association. Eggs shipped by the Massilia have been dis posed of in London at 0s. per hundred. A ketch was capsized at Port Macquarie on Saturday and all hands were drowned. Last jrear 2,034 unemployed in Victoria found work through the_ Labor Bureau. In addition to Admiral Titig many officers of the Chinese fleet committed suicide. The Hon. J. L. Stirling was elected presi dent of the Pastoralists' Federal Council. Christofsen, accused of stabbing William Hurst, at Walker Flat, committed for trial. air. W. O. Archibald, M.P., speaks hope fully of the prospects of the village settlers. A powder magazine at Fort Saracen, in Formosa, has exploded. Killed 50 soldiers. Officers of the Chinese fleet between the devil and the deep sea ; suicide or beheaded. The first contingent of the Waikeri village settlers, left Adelaide on February 19, 1894. The pioneers of the Lyrup settlement, on the Murray left Adelaide on February 20, 1894. The dispatch of arms from New Zealand to Samoa is being stopped by the Government. The United States will not permit an inter national control over the Nicaraguan Canal. The Government Resident of the Northern Territory is coming to Adelaide for a holiday. Tom Lees, a racehorse owner, disqualified for life in West Australia for crooked running. All eggs for the London market should be graded, and those of a brown color are pre ferred. Mr. Smeaton making arrangements for a trip to the Murray Village Settlements next month. The Earl of Yarmouth danced to a pretty tune so far as Melbourne charities were con cern -?d. The distress in England consequent on the severity of the winter is stated to be without parallel. Ten thousand acres of grass and timber burned and several miles of fencing at Morialta. At the present time the Victorian cool chambers contain 140,000 rabbits and 50 tons of poultry. Mr. Smeaton says the Government are sure to get their money back from the village settlements. Captain McClure, an American auxiliary officer, has been appointed successor to Admiral Ting. France has offered the King of the Belgians £30,000,000 for his personal interest in the Congo region. Earthen dishes, large enough to hold the carcase of a lamb, were found in tbe Pom peiian kitchens. 'During the twelve months just closed the world's most serious losses have been amongst men of letters.' A new water scheme is being promoted at Coolgardie by which 8,000,000 gallons of water can be conserved. CanadianB are making strenuous efforts to wrest the London butter market from Aus tralian producers. Advocates of constitutionalism discontented with tbe Czar's determination to continue tho autocratic regime. 