 Pennant Hills. Fires. — A very large bush-fire has been raging for several days at the back of Mr. W. Aiken's property toward Thornleigh. Cricket.— Our locals are plucking up their courge and look upon their prospects for the season as good. Among the latest members are old representatives of the Dural and Carling- ford clubs, as well as a couple of new arrivals in the district, reported to be good acquisitions to the club. Weather — Since the recent glorious rain the orchards present a fresher and more active appearance. Just in time to save the summer fruit, "that is the general opinion of the down- pour; and now the hoes, ploughs and acri- fiers are in busy hands, while the faces of the growers beam more radiantly than before. Accident — As Mr. Dave Sonter (working for our storekeeper, Mr. Thompson) was driving a spring cart laden with goods along the hollow on Kenny's and Tunk's Road on Tuesday, the vahicle capsized, owing to the bad state of this thoroughfare, the horse was thrown down and one of the shafts broken, but Mr. Sontor escaped injury, While down the animal plunged violently, and Mr. Robt. Maher had 'o run to the drivor's assistance while the animal was being freed from the harness, or the catastrophe would have been of a much more serious nature. A considerable quantity of groceries was spilt on the roadway by the mishap. A Road Matter.— The accident just recorded, is considered sufficient to arouse the authorities to the necessity of repairing the road mentioned. Some time ago the residents of the locality held a meeting and approached Mr. Garrard. That gentleman, it is said, promised that something would be done in August ; but nothing more has since been heard from him. It is hoped that this par. will come under his notice, as the residents who are obliged to travel on this thoroughfare can point it out in unfavourable contrast with the continuation of the same road on the other side going to Beecroft, which re- ceives better attention through the hands of the Member for Ryde, Mr Farnell. 