PUBLISHED EVSET TtMEDAT .LD F?IDAT. JSrd Year.. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1895. To say that the country willbe indignatt at the action of the Legis ltive'Assembly in reversing the deci sion to further reduce the woollen duties to 25 per cent from the 1st January, 1897, is to quite inadequately express the sentiment that will he aroused. An outrage has been perpe trated on popular feeling a'nd an out rage which,as we believe,will be quickly and effectually resented. As Mr. McKS` zIs put it on Tuesday night, there are no duties upon the reduc tion of which the people are so keen as those on woollens. The tremendous bonus they confer upon the local manufacturer, their iniquitous injus tice to the clothes wearing public, and the many and great incidental evils that have resulted from their opera tion, have all combined to render them odious in the popular mind and to create the emphatic demand there is for their substantial reduction. The Assembly but partially met the popular will when it made an imme diate reduction to 30 per cent. and arranged for a further reduction of 5 per cent. 18 months hence. Yet this compromise, too generous by half to the highly favored woollen industry, was accepted in good faith, and with the modicum of relief secured the public would have been satisfied, for some time to come at all events. The arrangement honorably come to on the part of the reformers has been broken, and by the casting vote of the Speaker the further reduction as from the 1st January, 1897, has been struck out. It is true the question may and probably will be opened up again, either on the general item of woollens or when the complete TariffBill is before the House. The only hope, however, of the restoration of the original resolution on either of those occasions lies in the ability to -ttL:i3 of two reformers who were in ... citated by illness on Tuesday. It c:;n -ardly be expected that even MIr. H iains and ?Mr. W. ANDERSON will rat twice in one week, and therefore thl nonopolists may safely ' reckon tlpi: their vote until the tariff d?!-er is overpast. These two gentle m- have the satisfaction of knowing " .- their apostacy has undone the i-t work the reformers had accom i; s, and has established monopoly ,. firmly in its seat. The two apostates must be left to reckon in the first place with their consciences, and in the second with their consti tuents. To arraign at the bar of pub. lic opinion politicians who vote on a great question of principle in one direction one month and in another the next would be a waste of time. Probably Mr. ANDERso0 studied what he believes to be his interest at Win dermere when he left the reformers for the enemy; as to Mr. ALBERT HARRas, Gippaland Central has put up with a great deal from him, but it may be hoped that at last that con stituency will arrive at the conclusion that it is absolutely necessary, that it should on the first opportunity that presents itself give him his couge. Ti' determination of Tuesday night, which we believe is to be re garded as practically final, removes the theatre of the battle of Tariff Re form from the House to the consti tuencies. By general consent that of the duties on woollen goods was taken as a test question of Tariff Re form. The resolution originally adopted by the House well expressed the sentiment of the country on the tariff question generally. The ultimate re duction of the duties to the 25 per cent maximum indicated" the limit it is desired to place on trade restriction; the agreement that the full reduction should not take place for 18 months was an intimation of the studiously moderate and gener ihs treatlent nf the i-'., . hlv's treatment of the Ciati-i woollens the principle of tariff reform has been staked. The House has now said that it is not piepared to carry out the fiscal behests of the con stituencies, and the constituencies will know how to act in the pusition in which they have been placed. So general and so emphatic was the de mand at the last election that it is not too much to say that by the vote of Tuesday night the coultry has been disfranchised. On an inportant point of public policy, on tih only issue that was really placed befire the country in September last, the House has ceased to represent its constitents, and therefore the sooner it proceds to the transaction of such businss as must be disposed of before it i dis banded the better. That a geeral election this year or early next i de sirable we do not pretend to;ay. There is certain business that the House is capable of transacting and the disposition of which is urgotly necessary that should first be got ,ut of the way, and so important anc of such magnitude is this that the Est part of a year will probably bhre quired in which to give it legislavo expression. When that business ias been disposed of, however, the usiul ness of the House and its ability to efficiently serve the colony will have ceased. The mandate given to it was to reform the tariff in the direction: of freer trade, and that mandate it is un able or unwilling to obey. It is now apparent that no real Tariff Reform nothing with which the country will even for the time being be satisfed is to be expected from the present Parliament, and therefore the sooner the constituencies are given the opportunity of returning represen tatives able and willing to carry out their behests the better. A country demanding a great reform and a Parliament refusing to concede it is an anomaly that cannot be permitted for long to exist. IT is agreed on both sides that the next general?i?ltection, whenever it occurs, musi tbe'?fought out-on the issue of tarit efirii . The issue will be freer tr do giginatj:irobibition ; the life of tl0spioducingindustries against the inte f~:,'ai handful of manu facturers {oi living wage against" the sweating reward- for. labor which is all that the high tariff has left the workers; the prosperity of the colony against the continued' ag grandisement of a selfish faction. For our own part we have no doubt as to the result of an election fought on these issues. We recognise at the same time that the National Party has no easy task before:it. 'The sub sidised interests will fight hard;Ttie immense advantages they-nowehjoy at the expense of the community will not be given up without a bitter struggle; the woollen ring, the candleqring and the hat ring will fight hard for life, and every energy and all patriotism will require to be exerted to defeat them. That patriotism and the public interest will prevail we believe, but success will only be attained if the battle is fought gallantly and on the most approved lines.. Arrangements for the contest between right and wrong, between the interests of the manufacturing faction and those of the colony must be complete, and that they may be so their preparation must be commenced at once and consistently persevered in until the day arrives upon which the opposing forces shall meet for trial'of strength. Nothing must be left to chance, organisation must be perfect, and to be perfect must be initiated at once. At the last general election the disorganised national forces scored. a partial win; at the election that is to come the organisation must be so perfect as to ensure complete victory. Organisation'in the country will mean the return to Parliament of an organ ised party of reform-a party that will be able to give effective legislative ex pression to its principles. The country has been outraged by the apostacy of the Assembly, and whilst the smart of that outrage is fresh the initiation of reform organisation must be under taken.A general conference of thd extra Parliamentary reform forces should be called, and in every centre of 'the colony the friends of a freer tariff should meet and arrange the plan of campaign. The plan once determined: upon must be zealously prosecuted up to the time of the election, and if it is the issue will not be for a moment in doubt. The hour has come for the leaders of commercial freedom to assert themselves. The country is prepared to be led in the way of great things, and it will be a crying disgrace if the leading for which it asks anil of which it stands so urgently in need is not forthcoming. The newly constituted Borough Couoncil met for the first time on Tuesday, the only member absent being Cr. McCabe. 'The recently elected Mayor, Cr. Kenny, proved himself an excellent chairman, exceeding the anticipations formed of him by his most sanguine friends. Under his firm but courteous presidency the large amount of business on the sheet was so expeditiously transacted that by half- past ten o'clock the council had risen. It was decided to oppose the flotation of a loan of £25,000 by the Country Fire Brigades' Board, but to take no action on a proposition by the Omeo Shire Council that local auditors' fees should be paid by the Government. Cr. Curran, the council's delegate to the municipal conference recently held in Mel bourne, handed in a report ot its proceed ings and was accorded a vote of thanks for the etfcient manner in which he had repre sented the borough. The sanitary chargen for the year were adopted and James Comini, the contractor, authorised to collect them. The valuation for the year-£19,652, as against £20,362 last year-was adopted without discussion. It was decided to thank the Minister of Agriculture for the promptitude with which he had cansed an enquiry to be made into the allegations, happily proved to have been greatly exaggerated, of the presence of disease in district stock, and thie Commissioners of Railways for the amendnient made in the Horaham-Natimok-.Noradj aha.Goroke rail. way service which, whilst still.unsatisfac. tory, was held to be a decided improvement upon that the place of which it had taken.' At the meeting of the Borough Council on Tuesday evening Cr. Curran made a move in the interest of the local unemployed which it is to be hoped will be attend.d with success. He drew attention to the fretf :t: r'rarin,: , t'a+ o ideroble S .,,is ?. iP !on? ?sz n e rail. amount of highly efficient 'labor - tpeseic available i+ n Hoham, end an effort shounl be mi'do to secure the utilisation of this. agemount of a certain um la beo r of the ocal unemployed men-to be approved and availcommeded by the in Hhayor and town clerk upon the regradng wthors. The motion which was meconded y Cr. Brakevis anM.., be supported by Cre. Arnott and Williams and the Mayor, was unanimously agreed to. Cr. Layh is signalling his advent to municipal life by a commendable attempt at flnau:ial reform. The interest payable on the loan of £l1,500 obtained by the borough in 1884 and 1886 from Mr. Lansell, of Bendigo, and of which £10,000 still remains unpaid, is 5 per cent., beside which it is chargeable with a sinking fund of ' per cent. Money to-day is much cheaper than it was when the loan was floated, and there is little doubt bht that were the municipality in a position to convert the loan it could now,with tile excellent security it has to offer, without difficulty borrow at 4 per cent. This would--if the new loan were mdle repayable at any time and pay. mont into sinking fund thus avoided mean an annual saving in interest payment of £300, which would be made avail. able for very necessary expenditure apon the improvement of the town. Mr. Lansell was sonde time ago approached as to his williogues .to discharge the borough from its liability, but very naturally replied that he was perfectly satisfied with his security -and, it- may be believed, with his interest -and had no intention of releasing the municipality from the bargain into which it had entered. Cr. Layh hopes that the agreement with the mortgagee, of which, strange to say, the council has no copy, may contain a clause empowering the borough to redeem the loan at pleasure. He accord ingly moved on Tuesday evening that the Public Works Department be asked to fuinish a copy of the agreement or form of debenture upon which the loan was floated and that the finance .committee examine and report upon the same. The Mayor, who spoke, sympathetically but not hope fully; seconded the motion, which was supported in the same spirit by Cre. Millar and Williams, and unanimously agreed to. Cr. Millar remarked that, whilst the loan was undoubtedly a good bargain when it was obtained, it was as certainly a bad one judged , in the light :of the existing condition of the money market. .The Horsham Winter Assizes were held yesterday, HisaHonor, Mr. Justice Hood, presiding,. and Mr. Garnett prosecuting for the Queen. There was only one case for trial, that' of Ernestine Paulke, charged with concealmentf of birth at Natimuk between, the 3rd and the 9th April last. The prisoner, pleaded not gguilty and 'was defended by Mr. Power, who for the first time donned wig and gown and appeared as an'advocaite in the Supreme Court. The iodeiwlabt a short and,neither5the prose cuter for the Queen nor the prisoner's counsel-addiesied the jury at any leIngth. lhe'Ieleeoce was that. no secret disposition had; been shown and that ip placing the body ja a bag the accuased had done nothing mbore than.obey the -dictates of common dtecency. His Honor, whilst admitting that te symnipathy of every man must be witllthe 'unfortunate accused, summed up strongly against her, intimating at the same time that her conviction would not entail serious consequences upon her,as there were no aggravating circumstances in the case. The'jury after a retirement of less than half an hour acquitted the prisoner, who was forthwith discharged. The monthly meeting of the Wimmera Shire Council will be held 'to- day. The adjourned monthly meeting of the Irrigation Trust will be held on Tuesday. SThe Town Clerk yesterday received in timation that the second and final moiety of the Government subsidy to the borough for 1895, amounting to £108 9s,is now payable. The total subsidy for the year amounts to £216 lOs. At a meeting of the Wimmera and Wes tern District Bonds'. Association held at Horsham'a few days since, and at which representatives from the Horsham, the Stawell, the Ararat and the Warracknabeal bands were present, it was decided that the committee of the Stawell Athletic Club should be approached and asked to arrange for a contest between dis. trict hands to be held in connection with the club's Easter sports. A reply has not yet been received, but as the .contest should peerove a most interesting one, it is to be hoped that arrangements for it may be concluded. Constable Stevens on Wednesday arrested Hercules Edward Jardine, a lad 12 years of age, on a charge of the theft of a basket containing two pounds of butter from a farmer's cart left standing in the yard at the back of Mr. Langlands' store. As alleged, the boy abstracted the basket with its contents from the cart and subsequently disposed of the butter at Messrs. Jones & McCann's store. Information of the theft was given to the police and an arrest was effected. Jardine was brought before Mr. Langlands, J.P., yesterday and remanded until to-day, bail being allowed. A Wartook correspondent sends the following sensational account of a thunder. storm:-M-r. MlTavish's residence Wattle Grove,about 18 miles south-east of Horsham, was. visited on Monday evening by a very vivid flash of lightning,the inmates narrowly escapingserious injury.Anlndian hawker had camped. in the paddock on the night in question, and as it was soc'ough outside Mr. McTavish kindly infired him to come in by the fire till the" rain ceased. Mr. McTivish and the Indian had scarcely seated themselves when they filt a severe. shock; the lightning struck the corner of the house, shattering a board to pieces; it then continued.its course down the chim ney into the house, where it cut the leg off the safe, afterwards taking its course along the wall (setting fire to the paper) and shat tering the lining boards into splinters all over the room. Mr. McTavish was knocked senseless for twenty minutes, besides having nearly all htI hair singed off. A piece of shattered wdiod flew past the Indian's head with terrific fa(ce and stuck into the wall on the oppositeaide. He had a very nar. row escape indeed. Mrs. McTavish, who was sewing at the time, escaped with a severe shock, but one of the .little girls sitting near the fireplace was hurt about the legs. As soon as the Indian saw the wall was alight he dihplayed great presence of mind, and yelled out "Water, water, quick." There is no doubt that but for hiim the place would-have been burnt down. The lightning travelled along from the front room into the bedroom, tearing the canvqs all the way along it, and at last burnt'a hale in the end of the house leaviog it in a delapidated Fonditioe. All the occs pants have recovered from the misadven tare, and are busy engaged repairing the house. SAccoants are awaiting payment at the Hora?amn. Sub.Treasury for W. Giles, W. d~co~and d: It f0. to' ploen a light in the a r=l. I l tf tot fSmtahat5 Pea. k. YI';j , ia'. h a that the iiiattr shall not end with the official refusal and hab decided to request Mr. Broke, .P., to urge the request and impress its urgency upon Mr. Duffy. .The committee of the Horsham District Hospital have under consideration the pro. priety of combining with the functions already exercised by the institution those of a benevolent asylum. It has been ascar. tained, by enquiries from the managing bodies of the. sever.,l institutions in the colony conducted on the dual principle, that in such cases hospital and benevolent patients are treated practically alike. Rations are differentiated but the two classes of patients are accommodated in the same wards and practically the eame sub. sidy is allowed by Government in respect of their mintnance. The feeling of the com mittee appears to be favorable to the departure, and it tes been decided to approach the Treasurer in reference to a State grant to Cover the coat of the pro ctain of the extra acc)mnodation it would make necessary. In the court at Wellington, N.Z., on Monday a German charged with libelling dlr. Jellico, a well-krewn barrister, made an extraordinary statement to the effect that he was endeavoring to bring "Jack the Ripper," whom ht knewv all about, to juatlce. He gave a dlecription of "Jack the Ripper," who, he said, had been stopp. log in his honuse 4 Timaru for some time. His real name was Karl Kappe, and he was an artist, and also a canaibal. The defend. ant said that he had seen this person cut out pieces of the bodies of his victims, and ate them whien hungry. The libel case was adjourned till to-day, and the defendant agreed to substantiate his statements con cerning "Jack the Ripper" in private to the magistrate. Land boards will he held at Warrackona beal to-day aind on the 20th, and at Nhill on the 17th inst. County Courts are to be held at Warrack nabeal at least twice a year. The first conrt will sit on the 7th'November. An exploring party, consisting of Messrs. Carr-Boyd and Woohouse, has arrived at Warrina, in the far north of South Ausn tralia, from West Australia. Mr. Carr Boyd reports having found a favorable stock route from Warrina to the goldfields, and considers that with a small outlay a good track can be opened up. The onuntry on the route was, he said, looking splendid, there being good feed and plenty of water. The journey occupied about 50 days, and they have had very little trouble with the blacks. It- is (says the Age) tumored that the party-has made other discoveries. Entiies for the Stawell how' close to morrow. Meskar. Young Bros. advertise a special show sale at Goroke on 21st inst. Messrs. J. Langlands & Co. announce that their shop- of spring and summer drapery will commence to-morrow. Entries for the Horsham show will close on 21t. inst.. Special railway arrange ments are advertised in-another, column. ?M~. W-.Hiaythorpe advertises a display of sprig .and'zuomme. fashions sit The Block. :, . Disciples aro. Invited. to .meet at the Temperance Hidl on Sunday next, as adver *tisee . ' Mr. DeG?rias announces a sale of 1000 stud and flock' rams and other sheep for Friday next-it Narracoorte. On page 'fdusio Meosr. Cramp & Davey notify that their spring show will begin on Saturday. At the Colinial Bank this afternoon Mr. Walters will hold a sale of aup2rior furni ture and sundries on account of Mrs. C. F. Wilson. "+ Mr. Clements, having left Horsham to superintend mining properties at Clements ton, has admitted Mr. E. Fraser as a partner .to work the Barnlca Nursery, which will be carried on as usual, Mr. Murphy being retained as manager. An advertisement appears elsewhere calling at tion to a special clearing sale of fruit trees at greatly reduced prices. Telegrams from New York repsrt the outbreak of a great fire in the workings of the Osceola copper mine, in the State of Michigan. The timbering of the mine is all ablaze and though 30 miners are below, it is impossible to gain access through the fire and smoke. A child named Elmore, aged 2 years. was burned to death near Staniwell,Qaeensland, on Monday, through being left in a peram bulator which was caught is a bushfire. In some parts of Japan at a wedding the bride, as a sign of her subjection, kneels and washes the feet of the bridegroom after he has trodden upon raw eggs. A Parsee sacred fire, which is burning in a temple at Leiguie, Persia, is known to have not been extinguished sinca the days of Rapiboreth, who lived twelve centuries ago. .. At Dandenong,io Gippsland,there is a blue gaun tree which has an estimated height of 450 feet. It is believed to be the tallest tree in the world. Foley 1)ros, dairy produce dealers and exporters, of Sydney, have opened an es tbslishment for the sale of Australian dairy produce in London. An express train on Monday ran from Euston-square station, in London, to Car lisle, in -Cumberland, without stoppage. The rate of speed averaged 5t miles an hour. The'week of self-denial in connection with the' Salvation Army commences to morrow. The following interesting par ticulars have been given us by the local officer :The Salvation' Army is already working; in 45 countries and colonies, in eluding-India and Africa, having during the present year opened Java, Gibraltar, Demerarai Japan, Spain, Iceland, and Hawaii. ,It social operations embrace 258 institutions, and it annually assists many thousand destitute persons in obtaining employment and shelter. No stipulation is made as to class or creed' hut the doors are open to all. deserving caser. To help on this work the Army asks all to join with them in 'denying themselves something during the coming week. 