RICHMOND. Mr C Iceley was rather startled whilst in Sydney on Tuesday, by a report which he received to the effect that his house and outbuildings on The Terrace had been destroyed by the bush-fires. He caught a train to Blacktown, drove from there to Richmond, and got home during the day, only to find—to his intense satisfaction—that the report was incorrect. The fires did a good deal of damage in the immediate vicinity. The stone-fruit trees on Mr C Iceley’s property on The Terrace look remarkably well, and with anything like good seasons should make excellent progress. Two or three seats in the Park are kicking about in all directions—similar to those in Windsor Park. They should be made fixtures, and be repaired. We have been shown the plans ot alteration and additions to Mr Vindiu's property in Windsor street, from which it may be gleaned that, whei finished, the owner will have one of the mos comfortable, convenient, and commodious resi deuces tn town A pretty bay window is to go ii the front where the old shop window waa ; a bal right through the building, with glass doors, sid* lights, ^and tan light ; and with every domestic convenience in the back. Mr Hinds has the worl in hand, which is a sufficient guarantee that a gooc job will be made of th« place. The Richmond District Horticultural Societj held a meeting in the School of Arts on Monda) last. Mr P W Charley occupied the chair. Th* question of holding a show was postponed for a fortnight pending a change in the weather. A special reporter from the " Daily Telegraph'' arrived in town on Tuesday morning and visited the Kurrajong in the afternoon, being shown the terrible effects of the fire of the day before. He was instrumental in keeping the telegraph opera- tors busy till near 12 o'clock on Tuesday night, sending his report for Wednesday morning's paper. He left by the 12 train on Wednesday. 1 The only topic of convresation this week bas been the bush fires at Kurrajong. Steve Dunston drove bis big drag out on Tuesday loaded with willing bands, who volunteered to assist those in distress in battling with the flames. From Mon- day till Wednesday the residents of Kurrajong were working day and night to stay the progress of the flames. The town since Sunday has been enveloped in thick smoke, the density of which can only be imagined by those who have seen it. On Tuesday morning last a fire was discovered in a dense myrtle scrub in Mr G M Pitt's paddock at North Richmond. The said scrub covers a large area, and is almost impenetrable, and as the fire originated in its centre, the only thing to be surmised is that it was maliciously and felonously lighted. The whole paddock of covered with a I good supply of dry grass, which would have formed an excellent food for a tremendous fire, j ! The owners, however, followed around the scrub and burnt a good wide strip for the safety of buildings close by. Had that paddock started OD I fire with a. high wind, the probability is that the greater half of Enfield buildings would have been [ burned to the ground. The wood trade in the city must surely be im- proving a little-judging by the quantity being cut in the local station yard. To get an idea of the speed at which our lecal railway train travel;, it is only necessary to men- tion that during the week swallows have been actively engaged building their nest6 in the ventil- ators whilst the train was in motion. It is on the cards that two fashionable weddings ; will take place in our quiet little town on Wednes- day October 2nd. " The Double Event." I At Guest and Skutborpe's sale on Wednesday i last there was a brisk demand for poultry, and good prices were realized. The well-known horse . The Wave* was sold to Mr Jack Bateman (Windsor) for ¿15. The ladies intend giving a return to the members of the Mercantile Social Club, on the 25th inst. It promises to be a most successful affair. Miss McDougai and Miss Allen are working ener- getically ie the matter. The services of Mr E P Walker have been retained as pianist, and Mr P Beveridge, of Windsor, will be the caterer. The Richmond CC. open the season this (Saturday). The first match will be played against the Windsor juniors, on the Windsor Park. The following will represent the local team : - J Waters, Devlin, Klein, J Mitchell, W Farlow, McHale, Town, C Pitt, Woolcott, Sly and Davies. G Mitchell (12), Perry (13). Th« local players have had a number of practices in prepara- tion for the onenine. Senr-Constable McNeely's bouse at ' McNeely Town' is «iraost completed, and is worth a visit of inspection by any one. It is a credit alike to the builders (Messrs Hinds and Douglas), the painters, the architect {Mr Brooks), and the genial owner. May he live long to enjoy the well-deserved fruits of hts labors. The pallisade fronting the Black Horse Hotel, that has stood for some fifty years or more, has gradually grown into a state of decay, necessita- ting a new structure. In the absence of Rev Dr Cameron at the Pres- byterian Assembly, the Rev J Auld preached at the Presbyterian Church, morning and evening, on Sunday last. The Hawkesbury Football Club celebrate the closing of their season with a ball in the School of Arts, on Wednesday, i8thinst. A large assemblage and a good time are anticipated. The music will be of the best, the Penrith String Band having I been engaged for the occasion. Prior to the ball, a presentation in the form of a gold medal will be j made to Mr Delegate Howe, at the Black Horse ! Hotel. Mr G M Pitt's new building at the corner of Windsor and ßosworth-street is expected to be finished this week. Very little at present remains to be done. The building consists of a com- modious shop, dining-room, and kitchen on the ground floor*, and three comfortable rooms on the second floor. A 6ft paling fence has been erected from Mr E Stevenson's gateway to the new building. It is probable that another similar building will be erected on the allotment enclosed by the paling fence at no very distant date. At all the Presbyterian Churches in the Rich- mond district on Sunday last, baltot-papers were distributed to every member of the Church over 16 years of age, for the purpose of enabling them to elect a minister to fill the position vacated by Rev J Kinghorn. The names on the papen war« as follow] Revs. Cameron, Fergusson, Miller, and' Under the auspices of the Technir.il Edu- cation branch, Mr Albert Gale delivered a lecture in the School of Arts on Tuesday night on '* Profitable Bee-keeping." There was a good at- tendance. Principal Thompson occupied the chair, and briefly explained the object of the meeting, introducing the lecturer. This was the first of a series of these lectures to begin. The second will bc "Bees at home and how to keep them," and the third, «' Bees in the field and bow they work." The lecturer is well up in his subject, and knows the colony from end to end. He commenced by saying that his first lecture was to interest people in bee-keeping, and to show them that it would pay and pay handsomely. He went thoroughly into the early history of bees, quoting the story of Sampson, the dead lion and the bees. He then gave an account of the different varieties of bees, and showed bow bee-keeping was an innocent pastime, and bow simply and easily learnable were modern appliances for bee-keeping and robbing The boney was takct '.tor bai-framed hives in a very simple fashion. When the cells are filled the bar is withdrawn, the boney extracted, and the cells returned The bees, forgetting that they had filled those cells before, filled them and so en, like the Yankee who made the patent ben's nest with a false bottom, over which was covered seme straw When the egg was laid it fell through the trap-door. The old hen got up and was pre- pared to cackle, when suddenly she said, " Hang U ! I thought I laid an egg" ; and not seeing it there she laid another, and so on. The lecturer said that gentleness and kindnes should always be shown to bees, if one wished to get on with them. If not, you would soon find yourself in a similar position to the boy who said he did not mind the bees crawling over him-but what be did object te was when they sat down with pins in their trousers. To show the profits to be made out of beé-keeping, the lecturer gave a num- ber of instances of beekeepers and their revenues The Rev j Af ling, of Pitt Town could bear him out in what he said. Several people took from one hive i2olbs of honey, gathered in 7 days ; oe« beekeeper at Cowra, with 104 hives, in twelve months netted a profit of over ¿300. At Eugowra he went through one farmer's bocks- including his bank-kook-and that man, with 96 hives, had made £218 19s. At Bathurst a bee-farmer got in j the year tons of honey from 120 hives, which fills 8 40ogal tanks, and his average revenue for tour years had been more than /600 per annum j A number of similar instances were given to show the profits to be derived from a proper system of j beekeeping Bees, he said, from a bee-farm j travel three miles each way-which gives 29 i square miles covered by them in the year. New South Wales could support many more profitable bee-farms. At tbe conclusion of the lecture, ' Principal Thompson proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was carried by acclamation. The next lee tu re will take place in about a fort- night's time, when there should be a good atten- dance. A meeting of military officers bas been arranged for this (Friday) night, when a committee of management to arrange matters in connection with the parade and sports to take place on the 9th proximo, will bc appointed. Active preparations are being made by the loca committee for the Picnic Races on the Clarendon Gallop on Saturday next. The prizes are not over big, but they are sufficient to encourage the sport amongst local owners. Dr Shirlow, who has been for a considerable time in our midst, and who bas made himself a most popular citizen, has determined to relinquish practice here. He goes to Sydney. Snakes appear to be pretty numerous, and some of a long and lively character have been seen late- ly. No doubt the bush-fires will destroy hundreds of them. Every care should be taken by parents in close proximity to the bush to prevent children from playing about old buildings or rubbish heaps. As will be seen by oar advertising columns, Dr Oram Henry, M.B., C H.M., who has for some eighteen, months been physician and surgeon at the Sydney Hospital, bas commenced practice in town, having taken those premisas recently occu- ! pied by Dr Shirlow in Windsor-street. The new doctor is a man of good professional reputation He is a Bachelor of Medicine, and Master of Surgery. On Wednesday evening last week the Excelsior Football Club met at the Commercial Hotel to celebrate the closing ef the season by a social evening, and to make the presentation of trophies for the past season. The recipients were :-Cap of Honor, presented by Rev B Keenan for best all round player, E Marlin ; a trophy given by Mr T Griffiths went to R Dunn. About ¿12 was subscribed as donations, &c; The principal con- tributors were Messrs W Morgan, M.I.A., H Figg, Esq , Alderman Hough, Drs Helsham and Shirlow, Messrs R E Warren, T Griffiths, and Rev B Keenan. Alderman G Cobcroft occupied the chair. A kind of a junior banquet was provided by the host A number of toasts were proposed and duly honored, the first being ' The Queen,' the donors of trophies by Mr J R Mitchell, re- sponded to by Mr K Stewart. ' The Delegates,' hy Mr A F Mitchell, also responded to by Mr K Stewart. ' Recipients of Trophies,' responded to by Messrs E Marlin and R Dunn. ' The Secre- tary,' by Mr J R Mitchell. . The Ladies,' by Mr K Stewart. ' The Chairman,' to which Alderman Cobcroft responded. A most enjoyable musical evening was then spent. On Saturday evening last a special meeting of the School of Arts Committee was called to con- sider a communication from Messrs Brown and Tapson. the successful tenderers for the additions to the building. The contractors had not then signed for the contract on account of (as they said) a mistake made by them of ¿roo in the amount sent in, but they were willing to go on with the contract if the committee would conceed them £50 on their tender price. Tbe committee decided that the contractors be informed that unless they went on at their contract price, fresh tenders would be called. A telegram was received on Wednesday from the architect stating that the contract had been signed. Messrs Hough Bros announce a Crown Lands sale, to take place in Richmond on October 19th, If you cannot obtain " Myfa £ea" in your district, write to D. MITCHELL and Co., Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storekeeper..*. 