Macleay Progress Committee. The Macleay Progress Committee met on Monday night m Mr. John Camp bell's auction mart. Mr. P. C. Hill occupied the chair and about a score of members attended. The secretary (Mr. Williams) reported the enrol ment of eight new members. The chairman stated that the sub committee appointed at the previous meeting had waited on the Mayor, asking him to head the deputation to Sydney to wait on the Minister for Works. The Mayor, however, was unable to accept the invitation, so the sub-committee had arranged for Mr. O. O. Dangar to go. The meeting by resolution endorsed the action of the sub-committee. Letters were read from the Depart ment of Works acknowledging receipt of the committee's communication re the sand pump dredge for the Mac leay ; from the Department of Lands, Btating that the matter of the Crescent Head road through Mrs. Wright's would receive consideration ; from the Department of Works, notifying with respect to the reef of rocks at the Heads that the cost of placing the bar entrance in good condition would be £10,000 ; from the Department of Works, stating that Mr. Young did not see that any good purpose would be served by the proposed deputation, as the Estimates for the year had been prepared, and suggesting that the deputation wait until the 1896-7 Estimates came up for consideration ; frnm ' Ml P.lnvIrA AT D wif It vnPnrnn/iQ 1u.l ) wiiu iqibiuuuo to the above matters and stating that he had arranged for Mr. Young to receive the deputation on Monday, September 9th ; and from Mr. James Campbell, asking tbat steps be taken to have " something done" to Dowling's Falls and the road from the falls to the New England road. It was resolved that the Committee make further application to the Min ister to have the Crescent Head opened at once, in view of the summer season being near at hand. Stress was also laid on the fact that the bush-fires had seriously blocked the old tracks. A resolution was agreed to tbat the local Roads Super be written with respect to Dowling's Fails. When the meeting took up the matter of tbe deputation one or two members of tbe Committed said that it seemed as if tbe Minister was already trying to throw cold water on their claims. However, it was re solved that the deputation go to Syd ney as originally intended, and that such deputation ask the Minister for the bridge and an improved entrance to the river, or in default of the latter a jetty at Trial Bay. Mr. E. Ruader wished the deputation to also urge upon the Minister the need of a bridge over Burnt Creek, but the meeting decided otherwise, though it agreed that a letter be written to Mr. Ciarke asking him to endeavor to obtain such a bridge. Mr. P. C. Hill was elected President of the Committee and Messrs. W. T. Dangar and E. Rudder Vice-presi dents. 