i. N IT iii EEO US BUSH FIÉES. - ; Bush«»fires aro reported from many parts of tho country. Round ' Sydney, there was a . groat number. In the Kempsey district some great and dis astrous buBh fires took place. Warneton (about six miles from Kempsey) suffered severely. Nearly every panel of fenoing was consumed, and numer ous outbuildings were turned to ashlea, and grass paddocks-and forest landa utterly devastate;!. Tho Warneton ehuroh caught alight, but was saved from de struction by the strenuous efforts of tho residents. The house of Mr. Naldor, the Government district surveyor, had a narrow escape. A bush house - by the side of Mr. Nalder'a' resi dence waa swept away. The whole of the male population were engaged on Sunday afternoon and evening . en deavoring to prevent the progress of the; .flames, while women and children sought rdi'uge by lying in tho water along! - the edge of the creek across which" . the flames : stretched. Euroka and Dondingalong also suffered, the fire con- > suming the homestead bf Thomagr. Secomb, a farmer, an unoccupied houso . owned, by Jno. Wedlock, and a, number of ?-. Bheds, outhousëp, and long stretohes of fencing. That both villages were not laid. in aBbes was due only to the almost super human labors of the people. From up tho river, asr far as Hickey Creek, the fires created sad havoc, many farmers being.; ; ruined.' Kempsey luokily escaped though. several paddocks on the outskirts of .tho town caught light, for a time endangering ; . the houses. At East Kempsey the flamea " : ran in places right to the water's edge.. That Frederickton was not . altogether ' . wiped out is a little short of miraculous. : .? The fire threatened the town, but at 1 the back of the cemetery it waa* met by the residents, all of whom joined"' in tho fight. Several barna and out houses, however, could not be saved, and ' the whole of Sunday and Sunday, night Frederickton was literally enveloped in; hot sino ne, almost suffocating in its in tensity. Gladstone, Kinohela,- Seven Oaks, Clybucca, all suffered consider-. ably. Farther down the river, near Stuart's Point, the public ßohooS (> with contents waa burnt, down. 