THE WORKING OF THE TELEGRAPH. DEPUTATION TO THE MINISTER. A deputation representing the Stock Ex «change of Perth, also a number of ether merohants and stockbrokers, and representa- tives of insurance and finanoial companies, waited upon Mr. E. H. Wittenoom, Minister for Education, yesterday, to make representations to the Government concerning the defective working of the telegraph system. Mr. G. RANDELL, M.L.A., who introduced the deputation, said they had come to make known the difficulties under which they had been labouring for some time, on account of the failure, to a considerable extent, of the telegraph system. He was not in a position to go into the facts, as he had not followed it very closely. He realised it was a very important matter to those engaged in goid mining and in commerce generally that they should have facilities for conducting business. Although, as he had said, he had not followed it very closely, he had had one experience of his own how the line worked. A telegram that Bhould have reached him two days earlier was delayed for that time. Had it arrived at the proper time it would have saved him consider- able annoyance. He sympathised very muoh with the persons who were put to inconveni- ence and loss through the failure of the sys- tem, which be thought must be to a large extent an admitted fact. He had seen the apologj that had been given in the papers. To Borne extent it showed it was not altogether the fault of the system, and perhapa the diffi- culties bad been over-rated, but still the fact remained that both here and on the South Australian side telegrams were delayed. He hoped the Government would do their best to remedy these defects as early BB possible. Mr. G. T. SIMPSON, M.L.A., said' he waa sure the Minister wou'd realise that the depu- tation did not appear there m any way to harass him, he having so lately occupied the present positif n. The troubles connected with the telegraph system appeared to have accumulated very rapidly of late. He bad geen the so called apologies, and was afraid that they were not very satisfactory. Ho had bad a good deal ti do with the wires duricg the last few weeks, and Western Aus* »lia seemed to have a monopoly of the climatic conditions that prevented the wire? frjtn working. He did not know whether it was the fault of the wires or the stiff, but it was a fact known among mining men that the way it waa working was disgraceful. He ould give instances by the score. Within the last month 70 per cent, of the telegrams he had received had bean marked " Delayed by in- terruptions on the wires," and that was the experience of all business men. Mr. E. T. HOOLEY, M.L.A., was sure the Ministor must be quite alive to the importance of the subject laid b^fora him. Ev¿ry man in business in the city must have felt in convenience from the non-working of the telegraph system in various directions throughout the past .month or so, and he was quite sure the Minister would do his beBt to remedy it. It must be admitted in extenua- tion that there was a very large increase ia the traffic, and they could scarcely expect the Government to be prepared in advance for the amount of business to bo done now. This colony was differently situated from the other colonies. It had large tracts of couotry over which the line extende-í, almost waterlea«, and th°re was a difficulty in getting men to travel over the line and repair it. Then, other partB where the line ran were heavily timbered, and bush fires ooeurred. He thought the main object of the deputation was to ask him, as Minister, to do what he could to remedy these evils and to induoe the Government to take step«! to provide for the enormous increase in the businsss. With wh*t was past and gone tbey had nothing to do. What they had to ask him was to endeavour to remedy these defects in the future, and thsy left it to the Government to coneider what were the best means of doing so. Mr. E- H. BABBETT, speaking as a stock- broker, said a large number of telegrama passed between him and his clients in the colonies, and the delay had caused a good deal of injury to those who had entrusted him with their business. In the majority of oases, when an urgent message-i.e., a message at urgent rates-waB Bent to Adelaide, a reply was received the same day, but when an nrgent message was not sent, the wire was not Bent, sometimes, for three days, and th*y did not get an answer for a week. Mr. Barrett referred also to a narrow eBoape he had from missing the advantage of a sum of money cabled from London, owing to the delay in the messages. The line to Cool- gardie was working badly, he believed it waa not working that morning, and tbis occasioned a good deal of inconvenienoe both here and in South Australia. With regard to the means to be taken to remedy the defects, sending a line from Coolgardie to Euola might be one way to get over thora. Such a large business was being done in Coolgardie, that a direct line between those two points would get over a lot of tbe business. Mr. J. C. HILLS agreed very much with Mr. Barrett, especially as to the delay and trouble in getting money from Home. His firm bad many business transactions with London, and in several cases the lines had been interrupted and occasioned great incon- venience. These interruptions were becoming a seriouB menaoe to the business of the colony. He Bupposed Mr. Wittenoom had noticed a letter in the papers from one of the leading stockbrokers pointing out that an urgent message would take precedence of a message whioh might have laid in the office for two or three dayB, which was not right. It had frequently happened lately that owing to the lines being interrupted, the business, instead of coming to Perol, where the stock was held, was tran- sacted from London, consequently business had been lost, and possibly some valuable clients as well. Mr. J. S. BEAD said the prinoipal cause of complaint at the present time waa the fact that altogether undue priority was being given to urgent messages. He had in his hand two replies to messages despatched from here to Adelaide on the 7th, both of whioh were " urgent," and replies came back in two or three hours. On the other hand, an ordinary message handed ia at Adelaide on the 7th only reaohed him on the morning of the 10th. The service could not hâve been so bad when the urgent message came through all right, and he would suggest that in the future priority should apply only to the day on which the message was handed in. For instance, a message banded in that day should not receive priority of a message handed in the day before. Ia regard to the line,' ho suggested its removal some miles inland, as he believed it was at the present time subject to every storm as well as buahfires ; also that the duplex system be adopted throughout the oolony ; also that as business increased, as it would increase, the dHplieation of the line Bhonld be undertaken as soon as possible. He also suggested that instead of writing to England for material, cables should be sent in f atore. < Mr D. LINDSAY confirmed what the two nrevions speakers had said as to the fre- quency of the three days delay of messages. On one occasion it resulted in very great IOSB, « nableeram from London being delayed in îransmLion to Coolgardie, and had it reached Sm in the ordinary course, Lord Fingall ionia not have been the purchaser of the Londonderry, which was a very serious loss to the syndioate ha (Mr. Lindsay) was acting for. There oculd be no question as to the immense telegraph trafilo with the goldfields, and there would be the necessity for con- tinuing the line to Kurnalpi, and from there it should go direct to Euola. The line from Euola to Adelaide did not follow the coast so closely, and interruptions were, therefore, not so frequent. Iron poBts were also used, which we-e more durable. Mr. O. L. HAINES suggested several things tbat he thought might improve the service. The first was that the tape be used in receiv- ing messages. At preBsnt only the sounding board was used, and a great many errors occurred in transcribing the words to the paper. A code word would be used, and the operators would think they recognised it and would write it down, and it would be found to be wrong, whereas had they used the tape they could have seen there was a j tremor on the line, and could get the word repeated. While it was not practicable at the present time to erect iron posts he suggested a permanent staff being employed to travel up and down the line and keep it clear of all undergrowth, which would thus be avoided by the bnshfires from which they suffered so mach. In South Australia a permanent staff was engaged in this work, and also in falling tree« which appeared likely to fall on the line. The company he represented (Reuter'») Buf- fered very much from these delays. He also suggested the duplication of the Broome route for the service of the cables, and if the cables took pwoedenee of other business it would very much improve the service with regard to London bisineas. Mr. J. S. READ mentioned that a deputa- tion waited upon the Minister of Education ia Adelaide, ou Friday week, and there the statement waa made that the delay waa j entirely on the Western Australian aide. . Mr. C. F. EYBSTOR confirmed out of his own experience the statements made by previous speakers a« fe> the lengthy delays ia getting messages. Mr. WITTENOOM s»id he was very glad to see so large and influential a gathering, and be had ' every sympathy with the object for whioh they had some. He was sorry indeed there had been any real cause for this depu- tation, but unfortunately toare did exut a very strong ground of complaint, and he was sorry it .h'.>uld be so. He bal every sympa- thy with business men «f the city and colony in the way the telegraph system had been working so badly lately, but it WAS accounted for in two ways. First, the demand for the telegrams had overtaken the accommodation. It had not been anticipated that the lines put up would have the work they had at present. As had been pointed ont, the revenue had increased a hundred per oent., which was quite sufficient to show the work had doubl d itself, and the Government had njt yet beea able to take any steps to meet it. Directly there was a break-down, as there had been only too oftsn, the work aooumalated BO rapidly tb*t it was almost impossible to overtake it That was one cause o' the delay, and one that would take some t;nn to alter, but thfl matter hai the attention o! the Government. Then there were unavoidable accidents. The line was subject to climatic influenoes, whioh occasioned a go 3d deal of leakage, and there were also the budh-fiVes, suchas the one that took placa the other day. Even that morning (yesterdaj) he had re- ceived intimation that the north line beyoad Newcastle was interrupted owing to a bush- fire, and when he came down from Geraldton last week a fire was burning near the line. Then, again, in the southern parts of the colony, the trees grew to a great height, and to out these down all along the line to pre- vent them from falling on it would invelve heavy expense. He assured them that the Telegraph Department was anxious to keep the line clear-(haar, hear)-but these accidents ware quite beyond their control. There were two reasons which' might have escaped the deputation, and whioh made the work pile np, namely, the Government work and the presB work. The Government work in itself was very large, and monopolised a lot of the time. Then there was tha press work. The press had priority, and took up a lot of time. He should endeavor to out the Government work down as mach as possible, and to see that nothing but urgent telegrams were sent through. (Hear, hear.) The press was a publio institu- tion, and if that was cut down the publio would suffer, but representatives of the press and newspaper proprietors ought to Bee that such frivolous items as they sometimes saw in the papers were not sent. (Laughter.) He was fully alive to the stats of affairs and waa extremely grieved about them. As they knew he had only been in office . month and had not had time to do muoh, but he bad i given these matters tome consideration and he would read to them a paper he intended to lay before the Cabinet the following day. (Mr. Wittenoom read the paper, in whioh he invites the consideration of his colleagues to the questions of the erection of a telegraph line from Clyde to Espawnee Bay, via Dun- das ; of the enlisting of the oo-operation of South Australia, and if necessary the other Austwklian colonies, in duplicating the line from Eiperanae Bay to Adelaide« having alternative ' routes whare possible ; and of making further provision for the increase of Ihe telephone system). This, he said, was a very urgent matter, and he hoped the Cabinet would Bupporl him in his proposals. As they were aware, both himself aad Mr. Sholl, the Past master-General, had been unable to attend the Postal Conference this year, but the document he held in his hand was a copy of the very fall memorandum which had been handed to the Premier, who would be present at the Con- ference, and who would uae every endeavour to induce the South Australian Government to oo-operate with na in putting up the line. They bad hitherto objected to it on account of the expense, but from a telegram reseived the other day he thought they were beginning to see it would be to their interest. The deputation would understand from that the matter had not been lost sight of, but that the Government were keeping it before them. They perfectly understood the disadvantages occasioned to business men when such acci- dents occurred as had been referred to. He could realiî« how annoying it was, and how it must result in lo3S. With regard to the Coolgardie line, it had been erected with wooden pole» from the neighbourhood as a temporary measure. These poles were being eaten through by white ants, and would have to be replaoed. All the suggestions that had been brought forward by the deputation he had teken down, and they weuld be acted upon where it was possible. In conclusion, he would like to say he hoped they would not think these delays were meted out to the publio as a sort of punishment. The Government would be vary pleased to give every one satisfaction. He should give all the complaints his most careful consideration with a view to remedying them and affording the business publio every opportunity of con ducting their business in as satisfactory a manner as possible. Mr. RANDELL having, on behalf of ali present, warmly thanked the Minister for his very considerate reo°ptios, the deputation withdrew. 