Reviews. tliun Physiography. By Charles H. Iarton, B.A. (Oxon). Maryborough : Jston and Co. Rocket. An Australian Story. By A. -. Bklij, author of Australian Gamp Fire 'ales, and The Pioneers. Brisbane : Black, ^eid and Go. An Australian Romance. By A. B. teu,. Brisbane : Edward Powell. Barton's book contains the substance oursc of University Extension lectures ired :tt Maryborough, Queensland, during inter of last year. The author hopes 2ans of the wider circulation, that they get in their present form, to diffuse ist in the physical peculiarities of the ?alian continent. The lectures as ;d, he reminds the reader, adhere to the lal intention of their preparation — ly, to suggest rather than exhaust in . And hence they present the physio ly of Australia only in outline, leaving s to be filled in from other sources. s Physical Geography of Australia is d as the best and standard manual on the ct, and the author acknowledges indebtedness to that work. The lecture is introductory, and Mr. -n thus summarises its results : ' It has shown that Australia, the one exclusively lem continent, occupies in virtue of its teness and other accidents an unique ion among the regions of the globe, i owing to its peculiar position in latitude ongitudc, it is liable to thermic conditions touch other lands in the same zone ly or not at all. That in its coastal ic it exhibits a definite relation to land es, rarely paralleled elsewhere. That ;eneral configuration is unlike any other, idjacent islands insignificant, and that dissimilarity extends to those hydro liic details in which countries most nble each other.' And in the succeeding res these statements are amplified and BSed in clearer light. The' second lecture |j|ts ? of general configuration and hydo @)hy, the third of climate, the fourth of Ssometrical and geological features, the Si of fauna and flora, the sixth of H aborigines. In conclusion Mr. Barton 11 himself to give an answer to H question — What will be the effect ||n the characteristic natural features She continent of the process of European glllernent ? The changes produced by settle Sit he names as the extirpation of specially sljanised plants and animals, removal of checks ilhe increase of other animals and introduc Sel of new and often mischievous kinds ; the Ijkless destruction of timber, whereby many Sidred thousand square miles have been Imed for genuine settlement ; the consequent grease , of floods and the silting up U water channels. And he regards llse changes as distinctly detrimental ||tho country. But on the other hand, the Isiience of settlement has he says also been Heniably beneficial in important respects, wcing has saved maiiy species of native ??a. Clearing the country has checked the Rages of bush-fires. Railways and roads, ?h the works connected with them, have a vast ftct for good on the climate. Against the ?traction of forests may be set the piercing ?the crust of the earth for artesian water, ?ich will revolutionise the physical condi In of many inland regions and make exis ?ce tolerable in all. ' To have set Bid creeks aflowing perennially, to have ?ocked with the magic artesian ?nd the priceless treasures of a soil At awaits but its touch to teem with abun nce, will be accounted by the next genera- ' Bn an achievement that outweighs all the ?riders, the rashness, the blind and impro ?ent greed that have'left their mark on too i,ny of the features of this fair land of our mption. It is not much to say : one could ??dl v say less ; but there is a well-grounded B)e that as enlightenment grows by experi Ke, the future of Australia may yet redeem v past.' We have only to add that the Jle of the book is lucid, and that Mr. Barton Bs evidently very carefully studied the infor Ition given first of all to his classes and now ?a larger audience. Messrs. Alston and Co., m printers, of Maryborough, who- send us 1) book with the author's compliments, have ??ned out a creditable specimen of typography. IThe story entitled ' Wild Rocket' has Ipearcd in the Queenslander. It is an excel lit piece of work, glowing with local colour, Id possessing an animation of style which jars the reader along as swiftly as the noble fced which gives the title to the tale carries m rider. Wild Rocket is the name of a ?jhly-bred brumbie who has escaped in foal Sod and evaded all attempts at capture, and Ion whose seizure a typical Queensland luatter has set his mind. The tale has its |manee, for between this squatter and a Hector, who has availed himself of the land jw, there is deadly feud. But the enmity is It shared by the squatter's daughter and the [lector's son — the situation as far as they le concerned in fact being the familiar one leated by the Montague and Capulet feud. I falls out that the young man succeeds, Iter a fruitless chase by the old gentleman, jter the brumbie, in catching that animal, a lit which enables him eventually to make a Impact with his sweetheart's father, on the feue of which his love affair depends. We b not intend, however, to retell the lory, and shall cut short our summary pre. But we must say a word in raise of the vigour of the .description i the young selector's ride after the wild prse, of the vivid picture presented of a Kseplecnaso, and of the spirited manner of le whole narrative. A second tale in the bok, ' The Diamond of Glen Rock,' is quite [ effective in a different way— with abund pco of human interest, imagination, effective boson tation of k details, local colour, and Uspicuous descriptive power. The story Utah is a word picture of an Australian lunderstorm only , equalled, we thinkj by harles Harpur's ' Storm in the Mountains.' Pe shall expect to and Mr. A. Bernio Bell i-esently in the foremost ranks of Australian Uvoliste. In (hrar, Mr. A. B. Bell has taken a larger ravass and produced a more elaborate work, he story is mil of thrill. There is every iriety of interest in it : a wreck on the ueeiislnnd Coast, with only one man saved -the hero ; his rescue in dramatic circum ances from the rock on which he has been irnwn; an escape from New Caledonia of irco ferocious criminals, the crossing by them ' the path of the hero and heroine and a urder ; depredation by the.villains in Queens nd iinfl their gallant capture with an'ac iuijuui ving tragedy ; the incidents of running and branding on an Australian cattle ation; and, with, all these materials for a story, some glorious love-making, plots and the evil working of jealous de signs against the lovers, kidnappings, the machinations of revenge. Mr. Bell wastes no words ; every phrase tells and carries the 'narrative on; he writes of the bush and its life as one who knows it intimately and has studied all its phases faithfully ; his story is well constructed and ingenious ; Avhile his people are real folks who talk and act naturally and consistently. The tale ends in splendid fashion by bringing the interest to a culmination. But it moves on to that end with great effectiveness. The chapters descriptive of mustering and branding will delight all Australians who can test their accuracy from experience, and this tale, like the ones above noticed, is con spicuous for its genuine local colour. If what seems to us a superlative cleverness in riding in dangerous country is ascribed to youthful Queenslandors, we presume we must permit novelists like poets a certain amount of license. However that may be, Mr. A. Bernie Bell is admirably successful in showing that Australian country life is as full of the romance of adventure as were America and Canada in their more primitive days. 