"N.Y IE nib." By RorEBT P. WITWORTHa. 'Tell you a story,' boys,' said old Jack Hall one fine moonlight night, as we sal smoking outside the shearing saed on old Wilson's station on the W*immera. . Ol, yes, rll tell you a story.' You fee that black boy I've got following me round. Why, he's the smartest boy with horses this side of the Manero, and that's saying a- good deal; and what's more, the }oung beggar's kind with'em, which, for one of his breed is somewhat singular. However, that's neither here nor there, and has nothing,. thouigh he himself has, t~tdo with m# Warn. A g ~al many years since, fourteen or lifter maybe, I was timber getting in the Richmond River district, up on the north coastof New South Wales, and -we'd .tnck a rich piece of cedar brush on Eu:igrant Creek, a goodish-sized stream on the north side of the river, about thirty miles from the sea. ' It was summer, about the middle of January I.think, and it was hot, oh, so hot. Down hereyou've no idea of the heat on those swamps; the heat, that terrible moist heat, that brings up a kind of thick, dense, overpowering mist from the low-lying country round -a country which is one big lagoon in the wet season, and a damp, dank, evil-smelling morass in the dry, the very hot-bed of. fever and shivering ague, to say nothing of rheumatics; and then mosquitoes--phew!--nothing like 'em I ever saw, unless it was at Hexham, opposite Ash Island, on the Hunter River, where they call 'em gallinippers, and a very appropriate name, too, I think, for in the way of gallying you and nipping you, they are terrors, and no mistake. 'We were a party of six. We'd been at nork in the neighbourhood for about four months, and had got as fine a lot of first-class timber stacked as you could wish for, and were beginning to think of rafting it down to Ballina, where it could be shipped by the schooners and other craft in the timber trade for Sydney or where not else. The stuff was stacked on the river-side, near the camp, which was in a little fiat under the rise of a sloping hill covered with ti-tree scrub and thick undergrowth. ' Oh l it was hot, hot, hot. The very air was quivering with the heat, and the little westerly wind that we had was blowing from the plains beyond the ranges, as if it had been the breath out of a fiery furnace. ' We could not work, we didn't try to ; we lay in such shadow as we could find, smoking and wishing for the de cline of the sun, that shone above us in the heavens like a huge, red, burn ing ball. The silly birds had sought the covert of suchieafage as they could find, the iguanas had sheltered them selves under the grey sandstone rocks, the very cicadas in the trees were too weary to keep up their chirps, and, in fact, all nature was asleep. ' Our camp.consisted of a slab and bark men's hut, and another smaller hut used as a sleeping place and kind of office by the boss. It was on a little back-water of the creek, which "was about a quarter of a- mile away, and we had cleared a belt of, maybe, twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this was grown over with brown, burnt-up grass, that would flame up like tinder if you gave it the chance. ' The spot had been a blackfellow's *a.np, but the niggers had shifted away a mile or two when we came, to some scrub on the other side of the hilL We had had a little trouble with the beg gars at first, for they were: saiful thieves, but the boss was not a ~nan to stand much nonsense, and a few smart larruppings had taught them that the ' white fellow' and his be longings were best left alone. ' There had been heavy bushfires in the ranges to the westward, toward the head of the Clarence, and at night the whole side of the range for miles used to gi.. r like a vast wall of-lurid- flame agmri:ct the black pall of thick smoke that rose from the burning bush be yond. ' Still, we felt safe enough, for the wide and deep Richmond River and swamps lay between us and the fire, and we were well sheltered from the strong westerly winds by the ranges themselves. ' It was one afternoon, about two o'clock, when Sandfly-so we called a half-caste boy we had with us-came to me, as Ilay on a benchin the shade of a hut, half asleep, andt rousing me up, said, in hurried and frightened accents- 'Tnou, Jack Hall, make a light, big one fire sit down 'tother side along o' hill, murry quick that fella come, my word. 'That woke me up in a hurry, you may bet, and jumping up with a Sart, I looked in the direction he indicated. There it was, sure enough. Rising from the other side of the slight eminenbe which shut us in on the west was a dense volume of dark smoke,' which told its own tale too surely"' The fire, by some means, had taken possession of the dried-up, open bush, and, impelled by the light, hot wind, was coming ri~pidly ih our direction.. 'The rest of our party.-Jins Stack, Curly, Di;tcl: Fred, and Tom Bowman \--were in the hut, endeavouring to forget the trying heat in an engrossing game of Eulcre. - The boss had gone away the day before to look.-after another party higher up the river between us and Mount Leslie, andwas expeoted 'back that afternoon. In less time than it takes to tell, the boys were out, the slip panels were down, an& the bullocks and horsee,,smelling the acrid aroma of the burning bush, had, led by their naturalistinct, stampeded for the lower swamps, where they knew they were safe. - 'Fight fire with fire. That is the only way to fight fire. We all of sne, .as old beshmen,.knew that well enough and the'efore prepared to meet the foe that would soon sweep down bon usby burning off the crisp;?dried grass irnour belt of clearing, and beating it oucon the inner side of the ring with branches of the greenest brushwood we could find, for if the fire once caught the parched bush inside, not only our camp, but the pilesofetimiber; the proceed, of oar fnhr months -labour.'yorthraconple of thurmaand - pounds 'or so, ~ould-be sweptaway like matchwood, end we, even if we escaped with our lives, should hlave to take shelter in the mesqeito-i~fected swamps. ' Even -as we were spreading our selves to meet the fire along our western boundary, we saw the boss, apuing as if-for dear life, top .the idge(on his aweat-lathered pare., ad; totally regardless of tracks, or of rocks or fallen'tiniber, iding-towards-us at'a break-neck pace. ' Goodad' be-shouted; as-he threw himself from his reeking animal, and saw us ready for the coming struggle, ' good lads. I've had a tough job to head the flames. The black beggarsout yonder have fired the scrub, confound 'em, ahd in a few;Rminutea:therwhdle ef this side of.the& country will ?.be I' blaze. Cattle in the swamps! Good. Now, then, three this way, three that. Keep it back all you can, and stamp it out as yon go. -" r Ais he'spoke, the smoke came rolling in heavy clouds on the top of the rise, enveloping as in its thick, acrid folds, and the crackle of, the burning shrub bery and the rumble of the? evouring. flames sounded louder and nearer every intsii'it Already scores of kangaroo and wallaby blundered past us in mad terror like grey shadows, and thousands of cockatoos and other bird flew screaming overhead, or dropped sufo cated by the smoke. Already the fiery tongues of flame could be seen shooting upward among the tall timber beyond the ridge, and we, blackened, begrimred, singed, parched with thirst, and drip ping with perspiration, stood ready-to meet the onset of the enemy at his nearest attacking point. . ' We had fire.: our safety belt, and stood, we and our property, within a ring fence, as it were, af blackened ashes, comparatively safe. The flat beyond us was almost devoid of timber, and the underbush was. very sparse, so that, beyond a.few clomps of ti-trees and mimosa, close to the outer edge of our ring, it had nut taken fire, and our energies were noer directed to spreading the flames in that direction, so as to meet the approaching conflagration.. ' The sky, or, rather, the smoke rack overhead was of a dull, lurid hue, and the roar of the flames was appalling: ' Next me, and working like one possessed was Tom Bowman, one of the biggest rips in the whole country side. Loud-mouthed, hlasphemous, drunken, profligate Tom Bowman, whose name was a synonym for all that was black guardly and disreputable. We cedar cutters were; as you may readily imagine, none of us particularly .tespectable as the word is generally understood, but even we, the worst of us, conceded the proud pre-eminence in wickedness to Tom Bowman. He was, in fact, what is commonly known as 'a hard case.' Of his antecedents we knew nothing, save that he had at one time been second mate of a eollier,. and, to tell the truth, nobody cared much to ask, for, although not exactly of a quarrelsome disposition, with him it was a word and a blow, and, as the saying goes, the blow frequently came first ' As I said, we were busy firing the outlying scrub, Tom next to me, and had already got a narrow beltof it into a blaze, when a sudden ejaculation from Tom caused me to look where he pointed. 'On the very crown of the ridge, blinded'by the smoke and dazed by the infernal din behind her, was a black gin, bearing'a burden (we could not see what) in her arms, and staggering on ward over the broken ground down the side of the hill. Terror lent her strength, but even that could not cope with the pitiless foe in her rear.- With a swish and a roar the- fierce flames, swept over the ridge, licking up the scant her bage and the dried-np brushwood, and running like fiery serpents up the trees that stood in their onward path. Fast as the poor creature flew, thiey flew faster, and, with groans, of com miseration, we saw that in a few moments she must fall a victim to their resistless power. _ '_saw Tom clench his hands. I saw -is?-lips-'quiver-r-eryously, his eyes glisten-withas mkrvellu'is-light, and the next instant, with an oath so, terrible that I don't" like to repeat it, he shouted 'I can't stand this, to see a" woman roasted before my eyes, and not raise a hand to'try to sa've her. ,.No, not Tom Bowman.'. And, with a leap like that' of a deer, he dashed thirough the burn \- ingbush, and.darted forward to meet her."'.. ' Wesaw his intent. It was to reach her ere the'fire overtook her, and, if he could, either carry or drag her within the burnt-up space. ' But it was not to be. He was not a dozen yards from her, when, blinded, suffocated, . exhausted; "she' staggered, recovered herself but for an instant, tottered, fell, even on the very edge of the charred-and' simouldering' 5ing, and the next instant 'the flames had lapped her in theirrfiery tongoei~.' ' *We--tlhat is, the boss, myself, and Dutch Fred-had folloriedT Pom in his mad race. When we resached hlim the fire hiadiparted;. and he stood pensi:ely gazing downwards at tle idio6r creature whose life he had striven so lhard and so nobly to preserve. 'Blacken'ed with smioke, and be grimned wititlhe falling' flkes of charred wood arid leaves, scarr?d and blistered by the fervent heat his hair, beard, and eyebrows singed off, his clothing bur-nt ansd torn to rags; and his 'very 'boots shrivelled on his feet, :hlie tdd, silent, sorrowfo.. ' At-last he spoke.' SMates' )e said, and it was in a won derfully,; soft, sad . iroice, and almost apologetically, I done what I could. I tried to save the poor?th'ing, but I couldn't I done what-I could.' 'She lay, faee downwards,' pgly enveloped so a shrivelled up possum rug, and silently we ti?irnel her oirer to look at her f~ice. She was quite yogpog -not more than eighteen-and clasped to her bosom aith a coornvulsiveclotch was a buindle, wrapped iin apiece of old blanket. rBy thonder..~jciated To,'it's a babby she has--Bilame m eifrit ain' a piccaninny,',-s. ," 'It wasr ev 's o. T·e hapless girl had evide ly been absent, from the camp when the blacks had' sit the hash alight, had. been'surprised' bry the fire, and . had fled b.fore 'it. ': And,' 'when unableo o gob further,' and orvrtakeby the flanies, ishe had covered~ith'ltl one witb'h hr body, and's Boasved'itsife. 'Some fQlks.say that blacks have,no souls. I don't bclitveit' Others,say they have2 no feelings or' natural .ffectionl -I don't believe 'that either. Her,.at all events, was a proof of -srateraal-ove-and of maternal-instinct 'rto Indeath rIHad she sacrificed 'her ehild:t herwO?n safety; bad sh thrown it down in her mad race for life, the chances are that she would have reached our haven of refuge. lut no; she loved her baby'.boy withy-he aeipeikabledepth of a 'mother's love, and she had given her life for his. L:' "Weburied her where alo lay, and Tonmadopte the .baby y.. ....... SMatecs.',e tidims hbauky voic, ,1 tried my bestet sav ethth moh~h and iled;.? -t-take the-kidt and-do-the fair thing by him._ s :' And he did. 'HeBkl t'him till he died, three eyars since. Gored by a wild cow he was out Modgeeway. I was mates with. him at the time. He left the youngster to me, and I've had him over since. ' That's my story. And I say this, that Tom Bowman, standing there over that poor girl as he did,. scorched, blackened, bleeding, blistered, was a true hero; at any rate, he was my hero. Poor Tom--roady, ramping, ignorant, tearing, swearing, drinking, fighting Tom I In the black list against him there will be at least one big, white shining mark, for we are told in the good Book what One, whose name'I don't care to mention in a yarn, said of a certain big sinner ; and the same may be .Yiia of Tom -' edone what `II could.' 