RIGHMOND. The 'Glearubens' are still playing off the tour nament for captaincy. It is whispered that wc shall hear ot sop? members of the ' Glenrubens being included in the intercolonial matches. The Clarendon Picnic Race-club authorities have decided to hold their, next meeting on (he Permanent Common, or waat is known as the " Sandy Gallop," on Saturday, September 21. A good programme is out, and the prizes should in duce numerous horse-owners to make prepara tions. A big fire broke out in the direction of Castle reagh on Wednesday afternoon last. The smoke arose like clouds. Senr-Oonstable McNeely is preparing: for the dog registration days. He reckons that there are more howling mongrels about town at present than ever before. The right to utilise the slabs at the Church-hill cutting for advertising purposes has been secured by Messrs Tillock and Coy, grocers, of Sydney. In the well-known Irish brogue it was 6aid on Tuesday, " Boi jobers, it is time the dust was all blown away." But it wasn't, and continued to rise. The A. J.. S. Bank property, recently occupied by Captain Hilliard, has been purchased by our worthy townsman Mr Vindin, the manager of the A.J.S. Bank, and is now undergoing alterations The house will be thoroughly renovated and made comfortable as a residence. The old shop windows will be taken out and replaced by bow-windows. Mr G M Pitt, tertius, of Sydney, is the architect. The old building formerly used as a tannery in Windsor-street has been taken down, and the yard enlarged and cleared up. Mr George Woodhill will occupy the property when completed. Mr G M Pitt's new building in Windsor-street is drawing near completion. All the mouldings, &c;, on the upper portion of the front are finished and the verandah is going up. The whole place presents a decidedly pretty and unique appear ance, and reflects much credit upon the architect. The Excelsior football club held a* meeting at the Commercial Hotel on Wednesday night to consider the best means by which they could celebrate the winding up ot the season. A num- ¡ ber of trophies have been received. There have been no cases before the local court two weeks now. What can be coming over the people. The services of Lowe and Bonus, at Messrs W H Holborow's have been dispensed with, and their combined positions rilled by a young man from Sydney. A new telegraph pole has been erected between the Railway-station and the Royal Hotel corner. The old one had decayed at the bottom to such an extent as to render it dangerous. The Park is now presenting quite a fresh and green appearance, the recent showers having had a beneficial effect after the fire. * Principal Thompson has not yet returned from Melbourne. He is on a visit to the Victorian Agricultural Society's show. Quite a number of visitors have been to Kurra jong recently. Ii is likely that a good season is in store for accommodation house-keepers this summer. Scores of fruit drays and trollies pass through town daily en route for the railway-station. The present is the heavy season for the local railway officials ; but they usually come in for a share of fruit, as the owners and carters are generally thoughtful when coming to the railway. Mr Wilson, of Kurrajong, continues to carry regularly between Richmond and Sydney, suc cessfully competing against the railways. Rev W Halse Rogers held a very successful lantern lecture in the Wesleyan Church on Thurs day evening. There was a good attendance pre sent. The lecture was listened to most attentive ly throughout, and the slides shown were thor-, oughly appreciated. Altogether a most enjoyable evening was spent. A good amount of interest was evinced in the billiard match between Phipps and Casey, played at the Royal in Windsor on Wednesday night. The betting was even. Phipps won, after a struggle, by 6 points. Bush-fires were raging all round Mr Icely's property on Sunday night. The neighbors were up all night fighting the flames. It was currently reported in Richmond and Windsor on Tuesday . that " Fernhurst," the property of Mr W H Bowman, and occupied by Mr J Smith as a boarding establishment, at Kur rajong Heights, was burned to the ground. We are informed, however, that the report is entirely without foundation. f lin last issue, when referring to the interment of Mrs Hill, we were unable to secure accurate de tails, and omitted to mention that Rev H Plume assisted at the burial service. That gentleman was very attentive to deceased during her illness. Application has been made to the Council by the various Cricket-clubs for the lise of the Park, and asking that certain improvements to the ground be effected. The authorities are to be congratulated on the manner in which St Peter's Cemetery is kept. It always looks neat and trim. The Horticultural Society has made a move in the direction of a Spring Flower- show. The present appearance of local hoticulture is any thing but promising at present-through the continued drought. Good progress is being made by the ladies who have taken up the ' Sale of work,' or ' Cake and Apron Fair,' in connection, with St Peter's Church. Mr Alex Mitchell has been beseiged with appli cants for the position of apprentice to the hair dressing, but so far he has been unable to secure one suitable. , Large quantities of seed potatoes are coming to the local railway-station per rail. Some people evidently have plenty of spuds. Mr P Charley bas just gone into occupation of Mount Tomah Eestate, which he recently pur chased from Mr G B Bowen. The two delegates for the Hawkesbury Foot ball-club spent a few days holiday in town this week. At last the old shandery-down, next to Mr G M Pitt's new building, has been pulled down. It was thought that the dear old place would ' have been purchased by some one for old associations' sake. Alderman Kelly is exceedingly anxious to as certain the population of the Borough. What's in the wind? A pretty little wedding was celebrated on Wed nesday last at the residence of the bride's mother in March-street, the contracting parties being Mr Henry Bell, of Riverstone (formerly of Wind sor), and Miss Amelia May Elliott. Rev Dr Cameron was tbe officiating clergyman. Miss Mary Elliott (sister to the bride) was bridesmaid, and Mr John Bateman (Windsor) acted as best man. At the conclusion of the ceremony a sump tuous wedding breakfast was served up, when about twenty guests sat down to partake of the good things provided. The usual toasts were proposed, and were responded to in a hearty manner. The happy couple lett by the afternoon train for Riverstone (where they take up their residence), amid showers of rice and good wishes Re the electric lighting scheme, the Sub committee have received a communication from Principal Thompson, stating that in his opinion it would be beneficial to the College and the Council if they joined together in one plant. Harry Fong continues to run his dry green grocery show, but he wants rain very bad. Business was practically suspended from Mon day to Wednesday, on account of tbe terrific dust-storms. All doors were kept closed, and tradespeople have had a picnic dusting their stock. Special prayers for rain will be offered up at St. Peter's Church to-morrow (Sunday). ¿87 6/9 have been received by the local Coun- ' eil as a 5/- in the £ special subsidy from the Government. The recent windy weather has had a disastrous effect upon many of the orange crops at Kurra jong, oranges by the cart-load being strewn under the trees. Senr-Constable McNeely is having the finishing touch put upon his new villa at " McNeely Town." He has also been endeavouring to as sist his young trees by the free application of water about them. We have been shown about half-an-ounce of Coolgardie gold, secured by dry blowing by a well-known local youth. The sample is a very good one, and proves that gold really exists and can be won at Coolgardie. We wish bim luck for his grit in seeking fresh fields, and hope that he may strike a Londonderry. The old fence in Windsor-street, just below Stnr-Constable McNeely's lucerne paddock, is in a rather rickety state, and has been protruding on to the footpath for some days-being particularly dangerous to pedestrians at night. Mr Arthur Price has been gazetted as a Trus tee of the General Cemetery, in lieu of W T Price, deceased. Following are the lowest tenders opened at the Courthouse on the 23rd inst -Contract 42/94, | and I Woods ¿z8 7/- ; 1/95,6, H Gunton, ¿25 ; 2/95/6. J and I Woods ¿13 17/6; 3/95/6. T and- I Woods, ¿"56 16/4 ; and 4/95/6, Wilson and Hand ley. ¿4* Repeated outbreaks of bush-fires are reported from Salis' Flats and Blaxland's Ridge. Rev W. Halse Rogers gives a lantern enter tainment entitled "A day in London," in the Wesleyan church, North Richmond, this (Friday) evening. 