INTERCOLONIAL HEWS. The following are taken from our files :— VICTORIA. There has been trouble enough about the Beaney will and its bequest to Canterbury, but great r perplexity still has been caused by a testamect recently proved here, in which £1,500 was left towards tbe conversion of the Jews. The executor, it is said, suffered torments of doubt as to how the provision was to be carried out, and might still be in travail but for the self sacrificing conduct of a prominent politician. Tbe latter generously intimated, " You can make a beginning, at all events, with me." For £1,500 cash down the wearer of a familiar white waistcoat has pro- fessed his readiness to walk docilely to Scots Church with the Shorter Catechism under his arm. The offer is under consideration, and will perhaps be submitted for the approval of the Court. A man named John Fulling died on the 2nd inst. under peculiar circumstances. On the previous Thursday night he staggered into a hairdresser's shop in Fitzroy and declared that he had been shot. He was taken to the hospital in an unconscious condition, and re- covered consciousness on Friday morning. He said his name was Robert Hardy. He then relapsed into unconsciousness. Recover- ing a few hours later, he said his name was John Fulling and that he came from Reids- dale. The following day he died, a bullet having penetrated one of his lungs. At a meeting of the Conucil of the Mel- bourne University on the 4th inst. a letter was received from the Registrar of the Oxford University, stating that in convocation of the University on the 30th October last the fol- lowing decree was agreed to unanimously:— "That the University of Melbourne be ad- mitted to the privileges of a Colonial University, under the provisions of the statute on the Colonial and Indian Uni- versity." The Registrar was directed to convey the thanks of the Council to the University of Oxford for passing the decree. O a the motion of Mr. Ellery the council re- solved :—"That professors be paid their increments in full from 1st July, 1894, with the exception of such increments as have not yet been granted to Professor Elkington." The half-yearly meeting of the In- demnity Fire and Marine Insurance Com- pany of Australasia, Limited, was held on the 4th inst., at Melbourne, An interim statement showed a balance to credit of £3,720. The directors, in view of the general depression, recommended that the dividend be reduced on this occasion from 10 to 8 per cent. The report was adopted. Much excitement was caused at the quaran- tine station Melbourne at the beginning of the month by the escape of a snake from a case containing half a dozen of the boa tribe, brought by the Cloncurry from Sumatra and intended for tha Sydney Zoological Gardens. The snake, which was 18ft. long, was re- captured without mishap. At a meeting of the council of the Chamber of Manufacturers held on the 14th inst., reference was made to tbe demand of the Tasmanian Government for the payment of the income tax on the profits of Victorian merchants and manufacturers trading in Tas- mania. After discussion it was resolved that the chairman of the Chamber enter a protest against the income tax being levied on Vic- torian merchants and traders trading in Tasmania, and that a cablegram be sent to the Premier, Mr. Turner, asking him in the interests of federation to get the tax removed. At the half-yearly meeting of the Southern Insurance Company, Limited, held early this month, the report for the half-year ended the 31st December stated that the amount to the credit of the revenue and expenditure account was £34,560, out of which a dividend was recommended at the rate of 15 per cent., which absorbs £3,750, leaving £30,790 to be carried forward. The Full Court have refused the applica- tion of the liquidators of the Freehold Invest- ment Banking Company for a new trial of the action brought against them by Madame D. Abi, in which the latter recovered £3,000 damages for injuries sustained in a lift accident. A sad drowning accident is reported from Balla Balla. A daughter of Mrs. Thos. Hillery was bathing and got out of her depth. The mother who was watching her daughter, tried to rescue her, but the daughter clutched her round the neck, and both were drowned. An inquest was held at Melbourne, on the 4th inst, on the body of W. S. White, clerk of the National Bank, who was found dead in Albert Park on the 1stt inst. A letter was found on the body, addressed to the general manager of the National Bank, admitting the misappropriation of £246. A verdict of suicide by shooting was returned. The qestion of a free port was discussed at a meeting of the Williamstown Council early this month, and the understanding was come to that members of the council should do their best to have Williamstown proclaimed a free port, where ships could deposit goods for the other colonies without the payment of customs dues or high wharfage rates. Two judgments of interest to public ser- vants were given in the Supreme Court, Mel- bourne, on the 5th. The first was by Justice A'Beckett as to the legality of the dismissal of married female teachers from the Educa- tion Department. In a test case brought by Mrs. Mary Jane Mittingly, the main question raised on behalf of the petitioner was that there was no power to dismiss teachers at all, except for incompetence or misconduct. His Honour decided in favour of the Government, but held that the first notice of dismissal sent out by the Minister on his own motion was bad, and the dismissals dated only from the formal order in council a month later. Judgment, therefore, was given for Mrs. Mattingly for a month's salary and costs. In the second case the Chief Justice had no hesitation in deciding, at the instance of Mr. H. Bristow, formerly postmaster at Ballarat, that his salary forming the basis of the superannuation allowance was the salary fixed under the Public Service Act, and not that salary less a deduction for rent. The Tariff Board, on the 6th inst., took evidence on the saddlery and leatherware trade as affected by the import duties. Im- porters stated that the high duties had ruined their trade. They objected to 45 per cent. duties, and advocated a reduction to 25 per cent., whioh would not interfere with the local manufacturing trade. Representatives of the local trade were satisfied with the higher duties, but would like the tariff simplified. The industry was never in a more flourishing condition than at present, and since the tariff had been increased over 200 additional men had been employed. Mr. David Alison, a saddle and harness manufacturer, spoke strongly against the stock tax, which had reduced his wages sheet from £8,000 to £1,500 a year. He could guarantee to pay £15,000 a year in wages if given free trade. He objected to paying 35 per cent. on spurs, which never were made here. Thomas Shirley, keeper of a woodyard at Windsor, committed suicide in a remarkable manner on the night of the 6th inst. He intimated to his wife his intention of passing the night in the woodyard, as he suspected that wood was being stolen. He did not return, and his wife called at the woodyard at midday, and found the deceased lying on the floor of the office with his head split open. He was surrounded by a pool of blood, and an axe was at his side. In a dying condition he was taken to the hospital where it was found that, besides wounding himself in nine or ten places with an axe, he had opened a vein of his right arm with a table knife. Dr. Morton states that it is a matter for conjec- ture as to whether the deceased did not also take poison. During the passage from Newcastle of the steamer Bothwell Castle, which arrived at Melbourne on the 7th, one of the firemen, named J. White, was missing. It is supposed that he jumped overboard on Tuesday last. A strong southerly wind was blowing at the time, and as the vessel was rolling about in the heavy sea, it is possible that the disap- pearance may have been the result of an accident, although the theory of suicide is strengthened by the fact that the man pre- viously had been heard to say that the sea was the best place for him. Mr. T. Scott, M.L.A., has brought a pro- posal to establish a village settlement near Warrnambool under the notice of the Minister of Mines. Mr. Scott considers that a portion of the town common, within 2 miles of the town, would support between 30 and 40 fami- lies. He believes that other village settle- ments have not been successful because the land selected was not sufficiently fertile, and here there would be no difficulties to over- come, such as tree felling and clearing. Mr. Foster has promised that an officer of the department shall be sent to Warrnambool to report upon the project. A milkman named Hugh McCaulay, 29 years of age, who resides at 12 Delbridge- street, Clifton Hill, was run over by his milk cart in Little Lonsdale- street, near William street, on the 9th. The deceased, who had been serving some customers in Little Lons- dale street, was about to get into his cart when the horse started, and knocking McCaulay down ran over him. He was at once conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, where it was ascertained that he had sus- tained severe internal injuries from which he succumbed later in the afternoon. A pathetic case of the law's delay came under notice on the 8th instant, when a white-haired woman of 74, named Mrs. Hannah Peckett, who was committed to gaol l8 months ago for contempt of Court, was formally released by Mr. Justice Williams. Mrs. Peckett was a sister of the late Wm. Wright, founder of the business of Wright and Edwards, ironworkers. Mr. Wright amassed a fortune, but at the time of his death was insolvent. It was then found that before his death he had made an order to Mrs. Peckett, who kept the house for him, for property valued at £1,444. Mrs. Peckett was ordered to execute certain transfers and refrain from dealing with this property, but failed to do so, and was therefore committed to gaol on an attachment order. Five months ago she executed the transfer, and no objection would then have been offered for her im- mediate release, but her solicitor having left Melbourne there was no one to move on her behalf. Ultimately the good chaplain took the matter in hand, and as a result the old lady was released to-day. Mr. Justice Hood, on the 14th, made abso- lute an order nisi to sequestrate the estate of Messrs. Crawford, King, & Co., drapers, of Flinders-street. The petitioning creditors were Messrs. Patterson, Laing, & Bruce, and the amount of debt was £62. Messrs. King and Weir, partners in the firm with Mr. Crawford, objected to the order being made absolute on the ground that the firm was not insolvent. The action, it was stated, was a friendly one, and in the interests of Messrs. Crawford, King, and Co. The railway revenue for the week ended 9th inst. amounted to £60,334 as against £60,427 for the corresponding week of last year, the decrease being only £93. The principal in- crease was in the passenger traffic, which included the receipts for periodical tickets. The income since July 1 has been £1,602,925 as against £1,737,148 for the corresponding period of the previous year. The Commis- ioners anticipate a steady increase during the next few weeks. The Committee of Cabinet which was ap- pointed to enquire into the expenditure of the various Government departments with a view of suggesting how substantial savings can be effected, has completed its enquiries in regard to the expenditure of the Postal Department, and will now turn its attention to the Defence Department, where, according to the statement made by Parliament, a saving of £50,000 per annum can be made without impairing the efficiency of the De- fence Force. Mr. Justice Hood found no difficulty on the 11th inst. in disposing of the objections raised in the petition of Messrs. Patterson, Laing, and Bruce for the sequestration of the estate of Crawford, King, and Co, the well- known drapers of Flinders-street. It was alleged on behalf of Andrew King and J. Weir, two of the partners, that the proceed- ings were taken not in order to get payment of the debt in a bona fide way, but to oust them from the partnership and secure the business for Crawford alone. Mr. Justice Hood said the charge of conspiracy and fraud had altogether failed. There was evidence that the proceedings had been taken because King and Weir would not go out of tbe firm, but the creditors had a perfect right to do that rightly or wrongly. They had come to the conclusion that the firm could not carry on as at present constituted, and the petition was legitimate. There were one or two features in the case which were not easy to be understood, but that was a totally different thing from fraud. The rule for the sequestration of the estate was therefore made absolute with costs. James Pollock, late manager of the Union Bank at Maryborough pleaded guilty at the local assizes this month, to forging a cheque in the name of a client of the bank for £400. He was sentenced to two years imprison- ment with hard labour. The acting Postmaster-General has in- formed a deputation, who urged the retention of the staff at the post office at Sebastopol, that he was certain that the same postal con- veniencies could be retained to the public, especially at the suburban offices, at a greatly reduced cost, and the department proposed to utilise the services of many young men and women who had qualified themselves when a rush of business was on a few yeara ago. These persons were tendering for positions, and if appointed would be held responsible for the whole management of the offices. Speaking at a reunion of members of the Chamber of Manufactures, Melbourne, on the 11th, the Minister of Customs said the Gov- ernment had tried to do what they thought best for the country as a whole. They were hopeful that the measure of taxation sanc- tioned by Parliament, together with an equit- able system of retrenchment, would enable the Government to balance the ledger. The Government were particularly anxious for federation, and would endeavour to effect some practical treaty with one or more of the colonies if the larger federation was not immediately available. "If," he said, "it was possible to arrange for the reduction of the wharfage rates with our magnificent system of bonding, we should have a practic- ally free port." He was hopeful of being able to obtain some freedom of trade in this direction. The hearing of the action by Mrs. Kil- patrick against Messrs. Huddart, Parker & Co., claiming compensation for the loss of her husband, who was second engineer on the steamer Alert, was resumed on the 12th. Expert evidence was tendered to the effect that the vessel, which was more like a yacht than a steamer, was wanting in stability. It was considered that 50 or 80 tons of water in the stern of the vessel would sink her. She was so low that a small sea would smother her beyond recovery. It was not safe for the Alert to go to sea with her gratings uncov- ered. The court was adjourned. It is probable that Mr. T.P. Webb, Master in Equity of tbe Crown Law Department, will be selected to fill the position of Commis- sioner to superintend the collection of the income tax. On January 3, Alexander Robertson, who bad just returned to Melbourne from Cool- gardie, where he had made several thousand pounds, visited a house of ill-repute kept by Annie Wilson, and was acvompanied by William O'Brien, a well-known Carlton con- tractor. After several rounds of drinks O'Brien objected to Robertson having more, and took a £10-note from him. The women snatched the note and Annie Wilson handed a £1-note to Robertson. The latter protested and Wilson accused O'Brien of stealing £9, He was given in charge and committed for trial. On the llth, at hearing the case, the jury acquitted him, and the judge told O'Brien that he left the court without a stain on his character. O'Brien issued a writ against Robertson for defamation of char- acter and illegal imprisonment, and claims £1,000 damages. He also had Nellie Gwynne arrested on a charge of robbery and perjury. O'Brien also issues a criminal summons against Annie Wilson, charging her with robbery in company and perjury. It is intended by the Cabinet to consider the action of the Imperial Government in ex- tending the mail contracts without securing any of the concessions desired by Victoria. The matter has been postponed because of the absence of Mr. Duffy, but Mr. Peacock, the Acting Postmaster General, will bring the matter forward. Some protest will probably be made. Julia Brett was arrested on the 12 th on a charge of bigamy. She was married in Eng- land in July, 1889, to a clicker, George Brett, and came to the colony in the follow- ing year. In 1893 she deserted her husband and married a dentist, Alexander Creswick, with whom she was living when arrested. The Banking Commission heard Mr. Moreton Frewen on the 12th, on banking. He said he had derived knowledge of banking from observation and investigation during his travels. He explained the systems of bank- ing in vogue in the United States, Canada, Scotland, England and India. The last mentioned place, he said, provided an in- stance of successful State banking. The Government made a profit of 2 per cent. on all moneys coined there. Scotch banking had also been extremely successful. If assistance were given to banks it might be to the benefit of a country in preventing panics, but he was not prepared to say that the State should assume the function of being the public's banker. The time had not yet come for that. What the banks wanted to guard against was that the depositors should have reason for desiring to remove their deposits, and this desire would be exhibited if the depositors were not satisfied with the banking system in vogue. The Tariff Board took further evidence with reference to the spirit duties the same day. Mr. Saul Joshua, of the firm of Messrs Joshua Bros., stated that the firm was a limited company of five shareholders, about one-third in the trust being held here. There had never been a dividend, the firm having carried on at a loss of £20,000 during the past nine years. They had looked to the future for their reward. The firm distilled about 45,000 gallons of spirits per annum from malt, grain, and molasses. The molasses were obtained from Queensland, and they based their demands for the continuance of the present protection of 4s. par gallon differ- ential duly on three main reasons :—1. That the distillation had been brought into exist- tence as a consequence of the colony's policy to foster the manufacture of spirits. 2. That the spirits now manufactured were of excel- lent quality, and were produced from similar material and after the same methods as in all other countries. 3. That the revenue of Vic- toria did not suffer. He said the production of spirits in Victoria during the past year had amounted to 486,937 gallons, showing an advance of 160,000 gallons on 1893. The exports amounted to 60,000 gallons. Regard- iug the previous evidence as to foreign spirits he thought it was from persons holding in- significant positions in the commercial world of Melbourne. The vignerons of Victoria do not look with favour on the reciprocal treaty entered into be- tween New Zealand and South Australia, under which the wines of South Australia will be admitted to New Zealand duty free, while Victorian wines will have to pay a duty of 5s. per gallon. At a meeting of the Board of Viticulture attention was drawn to the proposed treaty. The opinion was ex- pressed that the Government should if possible take some steps which would place the Vic- torian vignerons on an equally favourable footing with those across the border so far as the New Zealand market is concerned. NEW SOUTH WALES. Mr. John Bennett, well-known in theatrical circles, was drugged and robbed a few nights ago. Mr. Bennett, who resides at Abdon- street, Strathfield, was in town until late. It was near midnight when he reached Strath- field by train. He proceeded to walk to his residence, and he had not gone far when he was pounced on by two man. The attack was so sudden that Mr. Bennett had not time to realise his position before his arms were seized from behind by one of his assailants. The other produced a sponge saturated with a powerful drug, which emitted a pungent odour. This was pressed on Mr. Bennett's face until he became insensible. His watch and chain, diamond studs, and money were then appropriated. Some time afterwards a passer-by found him insensible on the road. He was conveyed home soon afterwards and recovered from the effects of the drng. The police have obtained a clue likely to lead to the arrest of the culprits. A terrific storm of thunder and lightning, accompanied by hurricane-like wind, occurred at Peak Hill recently, and continued for about an hour. Many houses were unroofed and cellars flooded. An elderly woman named Mary O'Brien was drowned in Dugga-street, and a valuable horse belonging to a traveller was struck dead by lightning. Two telegraph poles in the town were splintered. During a storm on February 8 a washaway occurred on the railway line two miles west of Bathurst. Traffic was impeded for a couple of hours. The line for about a mile from the station was under water, and the floor of the bridge at Camden was covered with water. All the low-lying lands were flooded. Train communication between Cam- den and Narellan was stopped, the mails being conveyed across the stream by flood boat. Bush fires were raging at Barooga, between Berrigan and Tocumwal, a few days ago. They started on the stock route, and burned an area ten miles square. The properties of Messrs. Sugden, McFarland, Hillson, and Morris and others were on fire. At Narrow Plains 10,000 acres of grass belonging to Mr. Ramsay were burned, also 500 acres the property of a selector named Innes. At the Fruit Conference, Sydney, on February 7th, Mr. Alexander Bruce, chief inspector of stock, read a paper on "Austra- lian wines." He said that during his recent trip to England he had an opportunity of meeting Mr. Burgoyne, who was doing a large trade in Australian wines. Mr. Bur- goyne said he had spent £100,000 in adver- tising wines, and the expenditure was bring- ing in a good return. He suggested that the Australian States should unite to advertise in Europe and India Australian products— wine, meat, dairy produce, fruit, &c.;—not particularising brands or manufacturers, but simply recommending them. Three thousand pounds a year spent in this way would be productive of far more good than the piece- meal distribution of pamphlets as at present. A deputation of temperance bodies waited on the Minister for Justice, Sydney, recently, and complained of the administration by magistrates of the Licensing Act. They sub- mitted that of all the stipendiary magistrates none had leaned to temperance, and all had predilections towards the liquor party. A member said in the Licencing Court one could always hear huckstering and riotous talk between the bench and the legal profes- sion. The administration of the licensing laws was a scandal and disgrace. It was a wonder the police had even attempted to enforce them seeing the attitude of the magistracy. Mr. Gould said he was unwill- ing to believe the charges against the magis- tracy, and was satisfied that as a body they did their duties conscientiously. They quite misunderstood the functions of a magistrate when they spoke about getting temperance representatives on the bench. Mr. McCourt, ex-Chairman of Committees, Sydney, has filed a petition in the Insolvency Court. His assets were set down at £3,050, and his liabilities at £5,607. James Kenny, the licensee of the Galway Castle Hotel, was charged at the Police Court on February 8 with maliciously wound- ing William Phillis. His hotel had been stuck up by a crowd of larrikins, who stormed it with road metal. Kenny fired three shots, and William Phillis, who said he was only a passer-by, was shot in the leg. The accused was discharged and warmly congratulated by his friends. At the annual meeting of the Hospital for Sick Children, Sydney, on February 8, Dr. Clobbe, in submitting the medical report, said he had treated two cases of diphtheria under the new anti-toxine treatment. The patients were very bad under the ordinary treatment, and would have died, but treated with an i-toxine they recovered quiokly. He was satisfied that the treatment would revo- lutionise diphtheria. Two brothers named Little were charged a few days ago, at the Sydney Police Court, with conspiring to defraud the A.J.S. Bank, and were reminded at the request of the prosecution. Both stoutly protested their innocence. The alleged fraud was carried on by an account opened at the bank in a ficti- tious name, and by forged deposit slips made to show a large credit balance. It was then operated upon by Arthur Palmer Little, one of the accused, who was employed in the cor- respondence branch of the head office of the bank. The account, under the name of Brinsmead, was made to show a balance of £200. An effort was then made to transfer it to the Bank of New South Wales at New- castle, but an attempt to operate on this ac- count at Newcastle before the transfer had been completed led, to enquiry and exposure. The barque Sarah S. Ridgeway, which left Newcastle, N.S W., in January for Singapore, was wrecked on the 26th of that month near the Ballons Reef. The Captain and his wife, the chief and second officers, with the survivors of the crew, arrived at Bundaberg, Queens- land, on Sunday, February 10, at 10.30 a.m., after being five days in the boats. Albert Schroeder and Harry Bayley, able seamen, and Charles Olsen, carpenter, were washed overboard from the barque and drowned, and one of the crew, Albert Restols, is now in the Bundaberg Hospital with a broken leg, caused by a falling spar. The vessel was dismasted and sprung a leak during a heavy gale, and was abandoned in a sinking condi- tion near the reef. The barque encountered a storm, and was driven before the wind with bare poles. On Sunday, January 27, the weather was so thick that the crew were unable to see ahead. A green sea tore the mainsail away from end to end, and the wreckage of the rigging smashed the pilot- house and tore away the batches. The sea poured down the hold and washed overboard the carpenter, Olsen. Another man, H. Bay- ley, was also washed overboard. To save the vessel the fore and maintopmasts were cut away, which in falling brought away the mizzentopmast and bowsprit. Then the main and foremast went by the board, and a sailor, Reatols, was struck in the leg. He was car- ried into the cabin with a broken leg, and the captain's wife tried to set the leg without avail. Another sailor, Albert Schroeder, was washed overboard and drowned. On Monday morning, after a short lull, the wind became worse than ever, and still on Tuesday sleep- ing and cooking were impossible. On Mon- day, the 4th inst., as the ship was quite help- less, it was decided to abandon her, and the following day the survivors went off in two boats, arriving at noon on Saturday last at the Burnett Heads. The captain's wife behaved nobly, and it is owing to her efforts that the injured man arrived alive. A terrible accident occurred at the Gun- nedah boiling down works just before closing time on Wednesday fortnight. The digester exploded and filled the room with boiling fat, noxious gases, hot ashes, and pieces of metal. The engineer, named Grundy, was badly scalded abont the face and injured by the flying wreckage. Thomas Goodall, the man- ager, was scalded about the back and face. His brother, Edward Goodall, was injured in the abdomen. Five men, Robert McBeth, Edwards, Finch, and two brothers named Golly, were also badly scalded. Grundy and the Goodalls are in the hospital, and in a critical condition. The force of tha explosion was terrific. Bolts and pieces of iron were sent flying in all directions. The roof of the building was blown clean away. The other night the shop of Mr. Charles Roberts, Cleveland street, Redfern, was bur- glariously entered during the absence of the owner. An iron safe containing money was carried away and the place left in a state of disorder. The safe was found in Centennial Park, lying at the bottom of an embankment. No arrests have been made. While bathing in the river Edwards, Denili- quin, in what appeared to be fairly shallow water, Charles Traynor, chemist's assistant, aged 17 years, suddenly disappeared in a hole about 20ft. deep. Some other boys made every effort to save Traynor, who could not swim, but had to desist through exhaustion. The body was recovered this morning. At the inquest a verdict was returned of found drowned, and the jury added a rider to the effect that they wished to place on record their appreciation of the efforts made by the deceased's companions to save him. At the Parramatta small debts court on the 8th, Annie Ross, an elderly woman, was sued by Sydney Masted, the Director of Charitable Institutions, for £5 maintainence for 10 weeks at Newington Benevolent Asylum. Defendant was arrested at Bathurst on a charge of vagrancy, and placed in the Bathurst Benevo- lent Asylum, subsequently being transferred to Newington. It transpired that she had a deposit of £200 in the Bathurst branch of the A.J.S. Bank, and £46 8s. 8d. in the Savings' Bank. A verdict was given for the amount claimed, with 6s. costs. A peculiar malady is raging among sheep in the Moree district. The animals are seized by paralysis, dying in a few days. The authori- ties are puzzled, and postmortem examination has failed to show the cause of the disease. The hearts, livers, and lungs of deceased sheep have been forwarded to Sydney for ex- pert opinion. It is chiefly young sheep that are attacked. A number of fresh burglary cases have been reported. The premises of Mr. J. C. Goodwin, glass importer, were broken into on Saturday, the 9th inst. The robbers were evidently disturbed, as the safe was left intact. Messrs. James Pemell & Son, flour merchants, had a visit on the same night, and the thieves carried away a safe on truck belonging to the firm to Hay-street, where they tried to open it. They were unsuccessful, the safe being found in a battered condition, but unopened. On Sunday morning the residence of Colonel Spalding, at the Victoria Barracks, was entered, and a small sum of money and some jewels were carried off. On the same night, the secondhand shop of Henry Hebury waa opened, and goods to the value of about £13 were taken away. So far the thieves have not been able to get anything like a recom- pense for all their tronble, as they have had no considerable hauls. A flogging ordered for a young man named Robert Strong for a brutal assault upon a sailor belonging to the Wolverine, was admin- istered on Saturday evening, the 9th, at the Darlinghurst Gaol. From the first stroke the man broke down utterly, howled aloud, wept, and prayed. When released he was able to walk away without difficulty. On the morn- ing of the 11th, his term of imprisonment expired and he was released. His last words to the officials were—"God blimey, no more of this for me ; I'lll keep out of the hands of police in future." Good evidence is forthcoming that some recent bushfires in the northern part of Riverina have been occasioned through the ignition of phophorous used for rabbit poisoning A fire which is supposed to have originated by this means destroyed over 30,000 acres of grass. The richness of the gold discovery at the Bywong field is undoubted. Unpicked stone, weighing 4 tens, gave 5½oz. The stone is dark quartz, and the colour is due to finely dissiminated galena. The discovery does not seem a mere pocket, but a well marked reef is running through a slaty country. A discovery of fossilized stone has been made at O'Farrel's mine, Grong Grong, at a depth of 70 feet. In a stratum of sandstone relics of vegetable life of a prehistoric age, having the appearance of ferns or firtree veg- etation in various stages of petrifaction, were met with. One piece of sandstone bears traces of foliage as though it had been photo- graphed on the surface of the stone. On another stone a perfectly black and hard foliage stands out in relief from the stone, whilst another piece of stone is in a state of petri- faction advanced enough to make the vege- tation as hard and brittle as the stone, though the natural green of the foliage has not been destroyed. The specimens have been sent to the Government Geologist. A sensational occurrence, with an exhibi- tion of pluck and presence of mind, took place on the 11 inst., at Lawson's Creek, Mudgee. Three lads were fishing, when another boy came along and said—"It was just here that I saw a man fall in the other day;" and then he slipped into the water and disappeared. Not coming to the surface again the boys concluded that the youth was drowning. The lads Earnest Green, Alfred Waite, and J. Mc- Donald thereupon took to the water in search. Green dived nine times, subsequently finding the apparently lifeless body washed under some oak roots. The body was got out, and efforts were made to restore animation. Medical aid was summoned, and the boy recovered. It transpired that this lad was subject to fits and it is supposed that he took one and fell into the water. The undoubted pluck and presence of mind displayed by the rescuing lads saved him. A disastrous fire occurred at Deniliquin early on the 12th, completely destroying the premises occupied by J. Molltine, storekeeper, C. J. Nance, tentmaker ; G. Christopher, fruiterer ; Miss M. Murphy, dressmaker ; and J. Moltine's boot shop, all in Napier-street. It also destroyed a brick cottage occu- pied by N. Christopher, and considerable injury was done to other buildings. The value of the buildings and stock was £8,000 and they were insured. 