IN AN INFERNO. BESEIGED BY BUSH FIRES. On February 6th, 1851, the province of Victoria suffered one of the most memorable events of her history. After a succession of extremely hot days, the whole country became en veloped in a sheet of flame. " Farm houses, fences, crops, orchards, hay stacks, bridges, woolsheds were swept away by the impetuous oil-rush of the flames, which left nothing behind them but, a charred heap of ruins and a scene of pitiable desolation. The human fugitives fled to water, where ever it could be found, and stood in it, breathing with difficulty the suffoca ting atmosphere. Many lives were lost and the value of the property and live stock can only be vaguely conjec tured. The next morning dawned upon such an aspect of ruin aud deso lation as could. never be effaced from the memory of those who had wit nessed and survived the calamity." " Black Thursday," as the historian remarks, will ever live in the memory of those who experienced its horrors. Residents of the Macleay oil Satur day, Sunday and Monday had given to them a minature " Black Thurs day." Bush fires have been experi enced on the river in times gone by aye, and destructive bush-fires too — but never before such a3 those of the past few days. The succession of floods that have visited the river dur ing the past seven years evoked an agony of spirit. Their effects are still being felt in the existing depression. Many farmers, however, aver that they would sooner have the floods than any more such fires. For some weeks past fires have been blazing here and there all over the district, destroying grass, timber and fencing. Early last week, however, a shower or two of rain fell and the fires were got under, and once again the atmosphere be came clear. That the fires were done with was too much to hope for. They subsided only to break out on Satur day with renewed vigor. Up and down the river, between here and Port Macquarie, and even adjacent to Kempsey, they restarted, and spread with the rapidity of a spark along a train of gunpowder. Ail day long on Saturday many farmers were engaged battling with the flames, but to little purpose. The blazes every where extended, and Sunday morning saw nearly the whole couutry swathed in a robe of flame. Between Kemp sey and Hickey's Creek was almost one sheet of fire. Skillion Flat, Sherwood, Euroka, Dondingalong, Belgrave, Warneton, Yarravel, — each place, to use a resident's expression, was an Inferno, with a fiery demon on every log and iu every tree. With the rapidity of wind the flames rushed through the bush and over the grass-paddocks — as dry as tinder as the result of the prolonged drought. Fences were consumed as quickly as if they had been constructed of shavings. Men, women and children buckled to to try and stem the onrush, but they might as well have tried, like Mrs. Partington, to sweep back the ocean with a hand- broom. All they could do was to save their homes by starting " break fires," and to this task every energy was de voted. Here and there even this was impossible, as we hear of two or three houses falling into the greedy maws of the angry fiend. Barns, out- houses, stables — these also could not be saved in many cases. Warneton, when Sunday night came, was little more than a heap of charred ruins, the houses only stand ing. None of the paddocks could be saved. While the male portion of the residents fought the flames, the women aud children sought safety in the creek, many of them lying down in the water to allay their suffenugs from semi-suffocation. Even the creek was not too safe, for the flames rushed over and back with resistless fury. Connor's barn was destroyed. Once the church was aflame, but was saved by almost superhuman exertions. So near was the fire to Mr. Nalder's home that a small bush-house alongside was licked up and car ried away in ashes as might have been a bit of muslin. Apart from the hnof unrtfi nn at ridnaanhn i) . ucouiuuuiuli wi huuuwooj iculcs) (yg) Mr. T. Secomb's residence at Don dingalong had a remarkably narrow escape. An unoccupied house at Euroka owned by Mr. J. Wedlock was also destroyed. From Donding along the fire extended right round to Commandant Hill. Although Kempsey itself escaped any damage by fire, the heat all day Sunday and Monday was very oppress- ive. Hi very Dreatn meant the inhal ing of a mouthful of smoke. It irri tated the eyes, found refuge in the nose and ear3, and clung to one's clothes like a heavy dew. One of Kemp's paddocks caught on Suuday, and for a brief while the residence was endangered. On the east side of the river the fire burnt right down to the water's edge, but was kept away from the houses. ' Down the river suffered as severely as, and in like manner to, the up- river. Kinchela, Gladstone, Carring- ton Park, away across country towards Hat Head and Crescent Head, Cly bucca, Tamban, Yarrahappinni — from all parts of the district come3 the same story. At Yarrahappinni, or rather between Yarrahappinni and Stuart's Point, the Public School was burnt, while numerous out-buildings all over the plains were razed to the ground. Between Kempsey and Port Macquarie, also, the fire-fiend got in his little bit of work, the few houses at Cooperabung being saved only with extreme difficulty. One of the most determined fights between man and the fire took place at Frederickton, where the blaze sought to enter the town at the back of the cemetery. The whole popula tion of Frederickton joined in the battle, and only at a late hour on Sunday night did they have the satis faction of knowing that the flames were conquered. The fire crept right up to the cemetery, doing considerable damage in its onrush. Mr. 'League's property suffered greatly, but his house was saved. The residents cer tainly may take credit to themselves for saving the town from destruction. On Monday the fire re-asserted itselt and made a second attack on the cemetery, but was checked ere much damage was occasioned. From all quarters we hear of horses and cattle singed by the fire, while " narrow escapes" are as plentiful as bad debts. In fact, nearly everyone living outside the radius of the town suffered more or less. To calculate the extent of the damage in pounds, shillings and pence would be impos sible. All that can be said is that the fires were the worst ever known in the history of the district, and that it is a wonder that more homes were not destroyed. Long stretches of tele graph wire were burnt, and on Mon day the Kempsey telegraph officials had to communicate with Sydney via Grafton. On Sunday night a heavy gale sprang up, giving the fires renewed lite. The sight from Kempsey about 11 o'clock was grand, but terrible. All around the very heavens seemed ablaze, showers of sparks ascended with the brilliancy of show fireworks, the crackling and crashing of trees resounded from all directions — and the whole while the heat was as oppressive as in a furnace. Skillion Flat, writes a correspond - ens, was a mass of fire on Sunday. The flames enveloped the whole of the surrounding country, the flat and mountain alike. The road offered no check to the flames, which lapped up trees, fences and hay-stacks with the ferocity of a hungry monster. Hard work secured the safety of the houses, though Williams' residence caught once and the blaze was only extin guished with difficulty. The hotel was also in imminent danger for a time. William Secomb's house at Hickey's Creek also became ablaze, but the fire was mastered after the verandah and a corner of the main building had been consumed. On Monday, Constable Donnelly wired to Sub-Inspeetor Baker ; — " Great damage done to Campbell's, Rowers and other properties at the back of Belmore River." Constable Donnelly also stated that at one period it seemed impossible that the fire could iiave been stopped. Yesterday many of the fires had partly burnt themselves out, but the atmosphere was still thick with smoke from tearly morning. Up till 9 o'clock it was impossible in Kempsey to see more; than a few yards ahead, and as the day progressed and the air cleared, huge volumes of smoke were seen arising from all points of the com pass. 