mm i brief, i Tho G-O. Married M, : Partes. The bye-election was a ' fillip ' for the Opposition. The Dean case is like a Chinese opera. It is interminable. Every metropolitan daily urged the Phillip Fifteen iL'sL.A. are bald. The fruits of scratching for political Ideas. Bush fires are reported to have started again in the Uanning Biver districts. Towards Louth the shearing, owing to the drought, has been a complete failure. Judge Windeyer's retiring pension— due a few months' hence — is £1820 per annum. An English nobleman haB just been re leased from durance vile in a Queensland prison. New Zealand hares, by the s.s. Bangatira, realised from 3s to 3s 6d each in the London market. The sale of a 'return' ticket recoils like a boomerang on the vendor as well as the purchaser. At Corowa a serious case of diptheric croup was successfully treated with the anti toxin cure. The position of political parties after the Eylstone and Phillip bye-elections is — ' As you were.' 'Greenland's icy mountains,' have been proved by Lieutenant Peary, the explorer, to be an island. The well-known pleasure steamer Namol was ashore for several hours on Wednesday near Port Stephens. At Waljeers in the Booligal district, a man was recently bitten by a enake, and died some hours afterwards. Evangelist Varley continues his mid-day' sermons to men in Sydney. He flits to Mel bourne for the Cup week. It is reported in numerous foreign papers that the infant eon of the Duke of York will he deaf and dumb for life. Two whales were seen spouting in Middle Harbor during the week. They evidently knew there was an election going on. Hope has revived about Paris, the race horse, who it is cabled has recovered from his cough, and is training on splendidly. Over 200 men have gone this week to Narraudera forest thinning. And still thousands sleep in the Domain every night. The new Westralian Governor, Colonel Gerard Smith, will be entertained at a farewell banquet in London on Guy Fawkes' Day. Bullocks by the Urmston Grange sold at 4 d per lb in London. Three pounds per head is the anticipated loss on the ship ment Cornelius Pieri was sentenced to two years' hard labour for criminally assaulting a little girl of eight, at Duranbar, Tweed Biver. Lastest information from Bio de Janiero shows that yellow fever and small-pox are raging there, and the mortality iB very heavy. The British Admiralty have granted Surgeon Lea, late of H.M.S. Ringarooma, a pension. English diplomacy, to quieten the matter. Ihe late rains were not an unmixed blessing for the pastoralists. The rich grasses are responsible lor a richer crop of rabbits. , Mr William Waddell, one of the four pioneers of the Singleton district, died on Sunday last after only a few days' illness, aged SO. A trial shipment of apples is on its way to Australia from Ontario, Canada. Gum leaves from Hongkong will be tbe nest thing cabled. President Johnson, of the , Licensing Bench, delivered the decision that the license for the Kensington Hotel was unani mously rejected. William Finn was committed for trial on Wednesday for an alleged indecent assault on Amelia O'Beilly, in the Domain, early on Tuesday morning. The 'S.M. Herald'' was a little previoui in its leader columns on Tuesday tohen it big-typed that Fitzpatrick had scored three votes to Wall's two. Cholera is playing with the Japs the havoc the Chinese tried to play. In four months there have been 25,000 cases, with a death total of 16,278. A rich discovery of opals has just been made by a man named Kenneth Grant, in the Wilcannia district, He sold £900 worth to a city buyer in one deal, Lord Brassey, in his maiden speech in Australia, said he had .come with the inten- j tion of doing tho best possible tor Victoria and for Australia as a whole. j The Premier of Madagascar, now arrested, is named Rainilaiativony. This sounds something like Bain-liar-irony. Two-thirds are eminently parliamentary. ; Bainilaiarivony, Prime Minister of Mada gascar, has been arretted by the French General Duchesne, and he will be detained until tbe Malagasy tribes disarm, Death removes the secretary of 'the Board of Health, Mr E. E. Sager. Bright'e Dis ease exhausted bis span or life on Thursday morning after a prolonged struggle. ' More newspaper trouble. We understand i a writ for libel nas been served by Mr J. E. Kelly, of the Proprietary mine, Peak Hill, ou the proprietorof tbe 'Peak Hill Times.' j The probable loss to Coolgardio store- , keepers 'over the recent fire is £100,000, A. land boom has set in in the gold centre and £30,000 worth was disposed ef on WcdneB- j day. | It is proposed to build a railway to India across the Arabian plateau, at a cost of ' £15,000,000. The total length from Port Said to Kurrachee is computed at - 2,100 miles. The number of vessels entering Sydney Harbor this week was abnormal. Twenty eight arrived during the first three days of the week, twenty being steamers and eight sailers. San Francisco - has its sensation. A medical student named Durrant has beeh accused and tried for murdering two young women and hiding their bodies in a church steeple. The Turks massacred £0 more Christians about 00 miles from Smyrna. The demands of the Powers will speedily be met by the Sultan, who i9 alarmed at _the Moslem dis content. Snakes arc numerous in the Albion Park district. A 7ft Gin carpet snake was killed at Tullimbar. A black one was shot at Ton garra, and several others have been killed on the roads. Still bunny thrives. Babbits have spread all over tho Condobolin district, and are increasing at an alaTming rate. Condob olinitei had better kill them and send them to market. Michael Bavitt was accorded a public reception at Coolgardie on Wednesday. He promised to use his influence to push on the local water Bupply scheme, both in Perth and London. Lawyers have bass prominently before the public of late, and not to their credit. It is now public news that the M.L.A. who ' popped' his medal in Victoria was a soli citor of N.S.W, From repeated/mishaps the 'naval ? .Chow reminds one of a cow 'with a musket. At Kin- Chow, recently, an explosion on a trans port is reported to have sent 600 Chinamen to kingdom come. Bir Henry Parkes I; on the Federation warpath. On Thursday the' eld warrior took t'no c)m!{ at a Atfltlgg of tho Federal party, and last night he arrived in Bathuist with the intention of speaking on the question to morrow night. The Hon. B. E O'Connor will also enthuse. Mr. Addison, 6.M„ meted out small doses of punishment to tho three Pyrmont larri kins, Baxter, Woodward and O'Brien, on Thursday. They had been painting matters ' red 1 at Jessop's Hotel. A naval funeral took place on Wednesday, when chief waiter Stroud, of H.M.S. Mildura was taken to his last resting place at Book wood by 72 of his comrades, in charge of Lieutenant Morgan, B.N. O'Connell's Commercial Hotel, Harden, was completely destroyed by fire early on Wednesday morning. An elderly man sleep aw kME £Mkuui jjuu. a ^latTuvr carafe iiom being burnt to death. Tommy Twee Sang will have two months' in which to find out what hard labor means in a colonial prison. Tommy, who is big and old enough to know better, received stolen goods from sotne boys at Waterloo. Two identities in the RyUtone district have gone over to the majority- recently. Jdx, Wm. Baker, oi Q-leu Alice, Buccumbed from hydatids, aged 65, and Mr. Wm. Babidge died from pleurisy, aged 67. Mrs Scott set her own trap when she ad vertised two railway tickets to Bourkc for Bale, The Railway Commisflioners proceeded against her, and the lady is poorer by £2 than she was when she went into Court. Smart shearing : Donald McPhee o£Bcll trees and P. Wall of Walcha, shore 21fi sheep apiece in one day of eight hours at Angledool Station laBt week. The 35 men on the board averaged 121 each per day. At Sonth Yam, a grocer was fined in the Prahan Court ten shillings for keeping his shop open on Wednesday afternoon. A recent bye-law passed requires all groccre to close their shops on Wednesday at 1 p.m. An old blflckfcllow, who has been about Condobolin for some time past, was iotmd lying dead in his humpy, towards the end of last week. He iB believed to have been a great identity, at one time, in the aboriginal ranks. Heard at the poll j u Whom did yen Tote for?' ' Why, the strong man, of course, didn't you ?*' « Certainly ; I gave my vote to Copeland.' ' Copeland be sugared ; give jue Dumbells.' And they did — knocked him out. Jack Camira, an aboriginal, was sentenced to two years' hard labor at Grafton, for an attempted rape on a girl 12 years of age. lihe Northern Rivers district is gaining rather an unpleasant reputation for these horrible cases. Everybody is permitted to give his opinion, but when he begins to knock his opinion in with his fiat, as Tom M Williams Simmons ' did during the Phillip Election, ho deserves what Tom got— three months to cool his ardor. China has responded to Britain's ulti matum by beheading eight more rioters con cerned, or presumed to have been concerned, in the recent massacre. China gets out of a difficulty by disposing of her inhabitants with 'neatneBS and dispatch.' Every day fresh discoveries of gold are made in WcBtralia. Mount Sir Samuel near Cue just yielded up some splendid specimens in auriferous country. The Murchison field's output for the first months of this year was over 40,000 oz, Before Judge Windeycr, at Broken Hill, Edwin Quince, post and telegraph master at Torrow&ngec;, was sentenced to two years j hard labor for embezzlement. His Honor j was very severe on the prisoner, refusing to ! deal with him as a first offender. i Louis Beckc is revisiting the home of his boyhood, Port Macqnarie. Overwork has : ran him down considerably, and the exqui site romancer is recuperating. One of his ! books deals with life at old Port Macqnarie, j about which he hoards a lot of lore. i Major* General Hntton's engagement in this colony expires nest year, and he is (due at the British head-quarters in April next. The N.S.W. Government have already passed £300 in the estimates to pay the passage of the Greneral and his goods and chattels. Two new country papers have recently made their appearance. The Boggabri Star t etartediby Mr N. Jeffries, formerly proprietor of newspapers in Qufrindi and 6cone, is a promising little sheet ; and the South Coast Chronicle , a smart paper for the Kiama district. I At Melbourne, Mr Jnetice Williams upheld the decision of the magistrates who dis missed the case brought against lutton, a ticket agent, for selling a railway return half to Adelaide. Tbe Victorian by-law did not apply- to tickets issued In South Australia. At last the polifee have arrived at the fact that dog-fights do take place in the Uni versity Park on Sunday mornings. Maybe it will stop, now Mr Delohcry has sub tracted the sum of £1 from Mr Bob McEwan, who was caught red-handed on last 6abbatm Powerful commentary on the Dean case from the Candelo ' Union ' ' Wyndham. From our own correspondent. Now that the Dean ease is about terminated, we have again settled down into our normal state of quietude.' There is no mere 41 break-down' here— there is an absolute collapac. An under-cook at tho Grosvenor Holel named Ware received three months ' hard* for throwing a dog into a cauldron of boiling water. Mr. Smithers was very care* fulto examine the place where ihe deed was done before sentencing tho prisoner, who has since appealed against his sentence. A man who goes about flourishing a knife and threatening to ((rip people up,' and eventually manages to carry oat part of his threat, is a dangerous cuss. Peter Muller is alleged to be of this class, eo much so that tailor Valentine, of SuBsex-strcet, after having his wounds attended to, gave him away to the law. Mr Smithers committed him for trlaL At Bathurst on Wednesday two men were proceeded against by the Railway Commis sioners for selling railway tickets without authority. They pleaded guilty, also ignor ance of the Act, and were fined £1 for each offence, with costs, witnesses' expenses, and tho amount paid for the tickets. The Com missioners are determined to put a slop to the practice of selling railway tickets. A diplomatic move. Mr. Wv R. Wilscn has presented the Brisbane charities with £300 worth of tickets in tho St Albans lottery. From an advertising point, the move is au fait , and should some of those chances draw big prizes, Queensland might even repeal the rcccntly- passed Act to stop consultations in that colony. But how if a ' charity ' draws a Derby horse? Matters would oq compli cated. Capital punishment has survived a ter rible snag in the case of Emma Williams, the Victorian murderess, who iB under sen tence of execution in a few days. The woman claimed to be cncicntc, and the Act provides in such cases that the sentence shall be stayed until after the confinement. A jury of doctors decided that her child had not yet quickened, bnt it is probable the woman's sentence will be commuted to im prisonment during her Majesty's pleasure. Superintendent Larkinis leaves Sydney to take charge of the Maitland district. He is a smart official who has made an obvious mark* From the ranks he graduated during 30 years steadily butsurcly. During the Super intendent's six months absence in Bngland, Mr Larkins has had charge of the metropolis. His term has been exciting, and his attentions included the Dawson diamond robberies, the Jessie Nichols tragedy, and.the Dean case* He will now hare an opportunity of resting among the orderly multitude of Maitland. John Chinaman, when jealous, is not jocular. Loo Ohay, nt Lawrence, N.Z., on Thursday commenced motions, owing, it is said, to thp 'green eyed monster.' Loo, more adept than we are giv.qn to understand his countrymen are nsual/y with a £rearm, re vol vered, first hii wife, a Bnropean by the way, then Mrs Cftng Lee, Mrs H'Auley, and a man named John Nallor, all of whom ars expected to recover, He then sent a bullet on a voyage of discovery lA own o^oaio. And ftpcor4!£g 4Mha i^.W'lWPtJn thew i will be & funeral ere long, and the corpse will be that of the unsuccessful funeral promoter. Detectives Goulder a&d; Greavea have issued a writ against Stewart Dawson and Co., for the £100 reward offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of persons concerned in the recent robbery. They secured the conviction ot seven offenders in the ease, and allege that they were promised £100 reward by the firm. By way of a compromise they were offered a £5 ! note— but considering this a shabby dona tion, they (with the consent of Mr. FoBbery) instituted proceedings for the recovery of the promised reward. Mr Billy Noake, the well-known Pitt-street commission agent, was made the innocent medium meanBof an alleged betting fraud in Melbourne. A man named Cooper has been arrested, charged with sending two tele grams to clients of Noake, by means of which he procured the neat little sums of £5 and £2, which was wired. One of the senders of the money happoned to go to Mel bourne, and found Noake had not arrived for the racing carnival. Information was then lodged, resulting in the capture of Cooper, who is said to be one of a well known gang of speilers who make Sydney their home. 