% o t a t and < e n e ii ; t 1 . Presentation . — Inspector Troy was ' presented with a gold watch, value 40/, and an address on the eve of his departure from Geraldton for Perth . Warden fob Yalgoo. — Mr. P. Gibbons has been appointed Warden for the dis- trict of Yalgoo, one of the remote centres of the Murchison goldfields. His jurisdic tion will extend to Pinyaling on the one side and to th. Yilgarn boundary line on the south. General Sessions. --4 Court of General Sessions will be held at Coolgar- die on the second Wednesday in the months of March, June, September and December. At Cue the Court will sit on the third Wednesday in February, May, Augast and November. Sickness at the Cross. — A correspon dent' writing from Southern Cross sta'es that sickness is very prevalent there. The Government hospital being unable to take in any more patients, the private hospitals also being full, the want of addi tional accommodation is much felt. Central province election. — We are glad 1 1 'earn that Mr. Wibtenoom has been declared duly elected for the Centr 1 Province. Revenue Returns — This week we pub lish a summary of the receipts and ex penditure of the colony for the quarter and the year ending 31st December, 1894. Doctor for Marble Bar. — Dr. Nix, the newly appointed Resident Medical Officer for the Marble Bar goldfields,. arriv ed at Roebourne in the beginning of the month and will commence bis duties at once. A Conversion.— Mr. Charles Kemp, manager of the' grocery department in Wainwright and Co's store, Geraldton, died of typhoid on the 16th inst. Be fore death he was received into the Church by Fr. Brereton. and passed away forti fied by the sacraments of the dying. Browning Fountain. — The erection of the Browning Fountain " at the Corner of St. George's Terrace and Barrack street has improved the appearance of what has been a blot on the best street in "the city. When finished it will have a very hand some appearance, besides being of great benefit to the public in the hot weather. Small Pox at Fremantle. — On Thurs day last the s.s. .Cloncurry arrived from Calcutta, flying the yellow flag. On the Health Officer boarding the vessel he found a Hindoo and two Lascars were suffering from small-pox. The -boat was ordered into quarantine, and all on board of her were vaccinated. From last accounts the patients were all doing well. Death By Poisoning. — Mrs. Joyce, the wife of the Station master at Newcastle, died suddenly on Sunday last through tak ing a dose of carbolic acid, but there was no evidence to show whether it had been taken accidentally or otherwis e. Great sympathy is expressed for the hus band, and two little children, both of whom are under the age of three years. A Good Output. -There is now lying at the Balla Balla landing, says the Northern Public Opinion, 800 tons of copper ore from the whim Creek Copper Mine.- It is to be shipped to London by first opportunity. Application has been made to have the mine exempted from the labour conditions of the Regulations, pending arrangements for working it on a larger scale. Attempted Suicide. — A man named John Gilbert was charged at the Albany Police Court on Friday last with having attempted to commit suicide at Esperance Bay, on the 14th of November last. From the evidence it appears that the man had been drinking, and while in a state of . delirium he cut his throat with a razor. The accussd was committed for trial. Frehantle Fire Brigade. — At a meet ing of the Fremantle Fire Brigade, held last week the following resolution was u- nanimously agreed to : " That a committee consisting of the officers and the mover be appointed to formulate a scheme for the disposal, with the sanction of the Council, of the manual engine, and also to arrange for the purchase of a " steamer " in the place thereof." Cab Accident, — On Thursday after noon last a horse attaohed to a cab stand ing at the corner of the Town Hall be came frightened and bolted down Barrack street. In its mad career it collided with the verandah posts outside of the shops of Messrs Veryard, Carmichael, and Mel ville Maughan & Co., bringing tliem down with a smash, and blocking up the footpath for some time. Welington Street Crossing.— A de putation waited on the acting Premier, Mr. S. Burt, on Friday last to protest a- gainst the action of the Government in erecting a fence on the Northern boundary of Wellington street. Mr. Burt said, that he would lay the matter before the Director of Public works, and tell him of the strong felling existing in the City against any fence at all. Serious Accident. — On Saturday after noon, Ernest McKenzie, of Albany, while riding along the G S Railway on a tricycle was thrown by the upsetting of his machine down a declivity of about twelve feet. It was found when the young fel low had been brought into Albany that his right arm was fractnved, a bone in the ankle injured, and that he had in addition sustained several severe braises about the body. Fatal Accident. — A most painful ac cident took place on Sunday last on the Yilgarn line, resulting in the death of a man named Patrick Lenon. It appears that the deceased who, with several com panions was returning to Northam, having finished work upon the line, when nearing the 19 mile stood up in the truck in which he was riding. Just at this moment a jerk occurred, caused by the slowing of the train, and Lenon losing his balance fell upon the rails between the trucks, three of which passed over him, mangling the j legs and the lower portion of his body in a deadful manner. He was immediately brought into Northam and placed under the care of Dr. Dunlop, who at once pronoun ced his case hopeless. He died the same evening. Federal council. — The representa tives of bbis colony b the Federal Coun cil left Perth n Thursd y night last ; by special train for Albary, en route to Tasm -ma. They were the Premier, Sir John Forrest, the Speaker, Sir James Lee- St-ere, Mr. J. W. Hackebt, M.L.C., Mr. W. S. Pearse, M.L.A., and Mr. H. B. Lefroy, M.L. A. It is expect- ted that they will bo absent about five weeks. During the absence of Sir John Forr«st Mr. Sept. Burt, Q.C.,' will fill the posi. ion of acting Premier. Northam Branch of the Catholic As sociation. — His Lordship the Bishop, who is at present in York, intends towards the end of the week to pay a visit to Northam and the surrounding districts with the object, in part, of inquiring into the con dition of the local branches of the Catholic Association . It is his intention, we under stand, to address the Northaui Branch on Sunday, and the Irishtown Branch on Monday. We would remind our country readers that all over the age of eighteen, - both male and female, are eligible for membership. Presentation. — The Mayor of Northam in the presence of a large number of towns people, presented Constable Mclnerney with a beautiful illuminated address and a purse of sovereigns in recognition of the bravery shown in arresting the mad Chinaman at M'r.,Throssell's residence in May last. It will be remembered that Constable Mclnerney was shot in the leg from the effects of which he has not yet recovered. The presentation was made in order to enable him to proceed to the Eastern Colonies for the purpose of ob taining medical treatment. We trust that he will be able to return soon com pletely recovered. Perth Water Supply. — Cr. Traylen has given the following notice of motion for the next monthly meeting of " the City Council " That -in view of the fact that many ratepayers are not regularly supplied with water, although the water is laid on to their premises, and they pay water rates, it is the imperative duty of this Council to enforce the specific ternis of the agreement with the Water Supply Company and of the Waterworks Act. The City Solicitor is therefore hereby authorised and instructed to take proceed ings in the Supreme Court to secure speci fic performance of the contract and a com pliance with the Waterworks Act." Irish National Foresters. —The usual f -rtnightly meeting of the Brian Boru Branch, No. 260 was he'd in the Hiber nian Ha", Fremantle, on Tuesd >y 22nd inst., the C.R. Bro. Foley in the-chu r. There was a large number of members present. Six candidates were admitted to membership, and four mo>e proposed. The following gentlemen ably entertained the m-eing with songs, .recitations and music : — M-'&srs.; M. McDo- nell, F. McCauley, H. Siney, J. Lacey, J. McNanice, D. 3'Connor, and J. Slieehan. An appeal was made to all Irishmen by birth or descent to ra ly up and get en roled before next St. Pa rick'-i Day. Next meeting will be held on February 5th. The meeting was then' brought to a close by song and clorus — "The Wearing of the Green," and "God save Irel nd." Deputation. — On Monday a deputa tion consisting of the principal merchants, stockbrokers, and others waited on the Minister for the Pos' and Telegraph Department complaining of 'lie very unsatisfactory way in. which the telegraph sys em of the colony was being worked. Mr. Wittenoom, in teply, said that he could fu ly sympathise with those who used the lines, but he having been in office for so short a time was not able to suggest any immediate remedy. He drew attention to the fact that there were many obstae'es that they had to conte d "against, that did nob exist elsewhere, such as large extents of uninhabited coun try, frequent bushfires, etc. „He ' had, however, taken down the various sug gestions made by the deputation, and would bring them before his colleagues to see if any of them could be carried out. The deputation then thanked the Minister and withdrew. Perils of a Prospector. — Messrs. W. H. Lewis and J. Ford have just returned from a prospecting tour in the Lake Carey district, says the Murchison Times, where they have had a rather lively experience- On Dec. 23rd they were camped at Chand ler's Reward claim,- 13 miles N. E., of Mar. shall's Pool, when t hey were attacked by a gang of natives. Ford received an ugly spear wound in his arm. They fired a couple of shots at the blacks who immedia tely dispersed. Soon after breakfast on th a following the natives returned, and creeping up behind the camp, threw a fire stick in, igniting the brushwood by which it was surrounded. Within a few seconds the whole camp was one mass of flames, and the whole of the property of the two prospectors, consisting of the tent, a spring carl and harness, a saddle and water bags, es imated at. a value of about 80/, were completely des'royed. The na'ives suc ceeded in making their escape, otherwise they might have' had to account rather dearly for the mischief. Gold Export. — From a return which appeared in the Government Gazette, the gold exports for the flight years ending 1894, amounted to 454.' .Jizs. 8dwts. 6grs. valued at 1,728,423/ 19-:. 4d, One fourth of"this amount came from the Yilgarn district last year. League of the Cross. — The weekly -meetiug of the League of the Cross, Fre mantle, was he'd on Monday evening last in St. Patrick's Hall, and was very numerously abten led. The Rev. Fr. O'Ryan occupie 1 the chair, and after having s -id the usual prayer began the programme by calling upon Mr. W. O. Ma -on to play the overture which receiv ed well- merited applause. Miss Simmons then sang " Her Bright Smile," an I as usual .' as enthusiastically received. Mr. 1 m ray, for his recitation of " Oh for the Golden Wedding," had to respond to an encore. Master Dymock, who that evening made his first appearance at the League meetings, sang " Mother's Last Request " and acquitted himself with much credit-. The next item was an ex hibition of Indian C ub swinging by Mr. Elliott, then fol'owed a song, "Dream Faces,' by Miss Devenish, and a recitation by Mr. Nihill. Mr McDonnell next sang " Home of my Heart," which was given in his usual finished style. Mr. Yiner ag iin scor d in his rendering of that very beautiful song, " Ora pro Nobis." Mr. Eliiott in his comic song, ' Time Gentle men Please," fairly brought down the house, and after having to appear on the Btage once again, gave a se ection on the mouth organ. The lagb item on the pro gramme was the song " E leen O'Connor" given by Miss Howes, who in making her clebut to a Fremantle audience was appar ently somewhat nervous and did not feel quite at home on the s ago. Mr. W. J Flanagan, who had promised to sing "-He's in the Asxlum JN'ow," was in the asylum then, and so his absence wai unavoidable. After a v.ite of thanks to those who had contribu ed to the ev nings enjoyment the gathering dispersed. Several took the pledge. Northam railway station. — The fol lowing is a copy of a letter from the Pre mier to the Mayor of Northam, in reply to a letter objecting to the extension of the daily train" service to East Northam : — " Premier's Office, Perth, 28th December, 1894\. Sir, — I have the honour to acknow ledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th inst., with reference to the extension of the daily train service to East Northam. The extension of the daily train service to East Northam was carefully considered by the Government, and the decision ar rived at was based upon a complete know ledge of the local requirements, and with the oject of providing a long felt public want. There can be no doubt but that the position of the main railway station at the main railway station at the West end of the town has already been found both inconvenient and unsatisfactory, and when it is remembered that the chief business portion of Northam and the banks aro situated quite a mile from the station, and also that the chief products of the district como from the northward and eastward, it can be at once seen that to provide facilities at the East end of the town must he a convenience to the majority of the people . Had not, however, the Yilgarn railway run through the people of East Northam and the surrounding district would probably have had to put up with West Northam as the only railway station, but as the railway does run through the town it is but reasonable that as far as possible the residents of the East end, and of the dis trict northward and eastward, should have all possible facilities for traffic. It must also be remembered that the daily train services not conuected with the Yilgarn service are especially for Northam and its surrounding districts, and it is essential that the local service should serve the public to the utmost extent, and in con sideration of the whole question it is necessary to consider the interest of the district as well as of the town. I am at a loss to understand how the giving of the increased facilities as is proposed cau act prejudicial to the community, and -for the westenders of Northam to object to the eastenders having mear.s of transit provided is about as reasonable as if the people of Guilford were to object to trains running on to the Midland Junction. In regard to the resolution reflecting on the member for your district, I regret that such a resolution should have been for warded to me, as the relations between a member and his constituents is a matter which I could not express my opinion upon. I may, however, say that no man has worked harder and with more success for his town and district than Mr. Throssell, and I fell sure as time goes on his great services will bo fully and generally ' re cognised by all. It is a matter to me of great regret that the town of Northam, which has secured so many advantages during recent years, should be disturbed by local differences, and I hope that they will soon disappear. The present com plaint is a most unusual one, as it appears too many facilties for traffio are being provided, and not, as is usual, too few, and this goes, I think, to prove that the Gov- ment is doing more for your district that some of vour own people at present desire " — Central Districts Advertiser. 