GENERAL NEWS. m ' A temple of handsome gold medals intended for competition amongst the Tnftmhfirn of the Fremantle Chess Club are now on view in the -window of Mr. Easton, tobacconist, of High-street. The medals are of a singularly appropriate design, representing a chets board sur mounted by chess men, with an artistic floral wreath at the base. For the week ending Feb. 2, mails ynli. dose at the General Pest Office as follows: — For the Eastern colonies, India, China, &c; Friday, February 1, at 1.45 pan. For United Kingdon on fhe same day at 2.15 pan. Once more those enterprising mem fcers^f the firm of Silbert and Sharp in Bay-street, Perth, announce through our business columns that they have now concluded their arrangements for the seasqn. as far as the local vignerons andorchardiste are concerned. Having purchased largely and favorably of all seasonable fruits, uicre especially of grapes, this firm are in a position to supply continuously their customers said, the public in general with both lecal and imported fruits. j g | ' Mr. Simpson, the well- known fruiterer of High St., Fremantle, is Justin receipt of an excellent supply of black amber and white crystal grapes, which were grown by a vigneron a few miles up the Swan River. Mr. Simpson has also on hand all the choicest fruits in season, and with the steady increased local pro duction his shipments from the Eastern Colonies ' are gradually diminishing. This is an exceedingly healthy sign. Mr. Simpson is a past master in the art of dressing his shop windows, and dis 4fc-lays his goods in such tempting ? ?fashion as to command a thriving cash lmsiness. An autopsy of the bo iy of Terence SCcGann, who died suddenly at North £*remantle,nnderpeculiar circumstances cm Thursday afternoon, was conducted %-y Dr. 'Wheeler yesterday. The examina tion disclosed that death was due to heart disease, and accordingly an in quest was deemed unnecessary by ths ccroner. . The Rev. T. H. Friel, Newcastle, has been registered as a minister authorised to celebrate marriages. The following Educational appoint ments hare been gazetted : — James H. Bray to be provisionally and tempor arily, master of Minninup School, vice Helena Scott, resigned. Edward C.Bali to be provisionally and temporarily, master*bf Rockingham Beach Pro visional School. Margaret Kane to be, ^_., provisionally and temporarily, mistreE s T-f Stratiuun School. Mona Ward to be pgpn teacher at Geraldton Girl's School. W.^. Martin to be, provisionally and temporarily, master of Chattering School, **« Hbwitt, resigned. George Bailey to be p ipil teacher at the Perth Boys' School, tice Harold Palmer, resigned. J. T. Draper to be, provisionally and temporarily, master of Pingelly School. Elizabeth Stewart to be, provisionally and temporarily, mistress of Mourabine School, -rice Penelope Fenner, resigned. The following gentlemen have been appointed to be visiting justices to the Fremantle and Rottnest Prisons during the year 1895 : Bottnest : W- E. Mar mion- ift'rTi y^ JJ, Fairbairn, Capt. Rus ?elL W.. F. Samson ; Fremantle : R. Fairbairn, -J. F. Stone, W. E. Marmion, MJC-A., L. W.Clifton, J. lolly, W.S. Peaxse, M.L.A., W. F. Samson. To be visitors to the Lunatic Asylum, during 1895: W. E. Marmion, M.L^., B. Fair bairn, W. S. Peart e, M.L.A., E. Solomon VJLuA^ L. W. Clifton, the Hon. D.EL Congdon, ULC, W. F. Samson. The following gentlemen have been added to the Commission of the Peace -.—Herbert W. Nix, of Marble Bar ; Robert Thomas Byass, of Bamboo Greet ; James lsdell, of Marble Bar ; Charles Stafford, of Day Dawn. Yesterday's Oasette contains the an nouncement* that Mr. Warden Dowley has been appointed Chairman of the Court of General Sessions of the Peace it Cue, and H. W. Bailey, clerk to the magistrates, clerk of the Local Court *nd Court of General Sessions of the Peace f of the same district. Mr. Warden Fmnerty has been appointed Chairman of the Court of General Sessions of the Peace at Coolgardie, and A. Shirley Kelly to be clerk of the Court of General Sessions at the same place. Mr. E. Solomon, M.L.A., has been ap pointed a member of the Fremantle District Board of Education, in the TOOm of TW-- T. H. Mnmlm.11, TVTT.r! resigned. Mr. Godfrey W. Ellis, has been ap dointed draughtsman and computer, at Coolgardie (temporarily) ; P. C. J. Kingston, Murchison, to witness con fxacts .made with aboriginal natives,and Mr. G.E. Knight, J.P., Wandering, to take votes under 53 Viet., No. 23, sec 62. The Postal Department notify that fhe following tenders have been accept ed for the conveyance of mails : — Tim- othy Moriarty, .£100 per wtitititti, from £he Ninety-Mile to Menzdea' Find, and vice versa weekly; Donald J'. Carmichael, £78 per annum, from Post Office, Cool gardie, to Londonderry, and vice versa, tri-weekly. Ernest Lee-Steere, £3.75 per ftTiiuiwi ; from Post Office, Nannine, to Post Office, Peak HOI, and vice versa, «ta The Gap, Garden Gully, Abbotf s, Belele, Moorarrie Cattle Yards, and Mount Fraser, fortnightly. Returns of Roads Boards elections bave been gazetted as follows : — Katan- ninjf : — Members : F. H. Piesse, R. S. Taylor, F. T. Crosby re-elected ; Narro gin: — -Members ; John T. W. Chipper, MiehaelBrown, WillianT. Montgomery, James Timmony re-elected, vice John Stevens, E. L. Smithratired ; Nelson : — Chairman : J. AUnutt ; members : Jos. Smith, Wm. Forrest, junr., re-relected ; auditor : Henry Layman ; Ashburton : — Chairman : Mr. R. F. Hope ; members : €. W. McRae, James Clark, R. Cum ming re-elected, John E. McKenzie vice 3L Woolhouse retired ; Victoria Park -? — Members : Robert D. Hardey, William H. Burton, vice Williams resigned, Souse deceased ; Dandaragan : — Mem- bers : John Cook, junr., re-elected, Alfred Jones, Francis Whitfield, vice Charles Joseph Clinch, Willian Whit field, retired. There are three names in the cate gory of everyday goods that are closely allied with one another; they are, ?'Canterbury Cakes,' ** Swallow and Ariell,' and' Plum Puddings.' Awell known member of the Ministry is credited with having made one and only one pun during the course of his career, end that was, when tasting one of the firm's celebrated puddings, it is related how lie exclaimed with great gusto, 'Ah, I can swallow this,' for it was a real plum pudding. But now this well known firm have taken up new lines and new ventures, thereby departing from their old grooves, and in doing so, Oar hxb nab only benefitinjj them selves, but they are of considerable as sistance to our prospectors and to our miners who are more or less scattered over the arid parts of Western Austra lia. We allude mere particularly to Messrs. Swallow & Arieil'e compressed and canned vegetables. No need now for the importation of such necessary dietary articles from England, or from the continent. Our productions are jp.ore than sufficient, and colonial pro ducers in the vicinity of ^Messrs. Swallow & Ariell have now at com mand a favorable outlet for their surplus stock. Every one knows how sailors suffer from scurvy, and how miners without proper diet are attacked by the Barcoo Rot, but these sicknesses can fee either avoided or alleviated by a proper use of vegetables. To such an end have Swallow snd Ariell devoted both energy and capital, and after much labor have succeeded in preparing vege tables of all descriptions so that though unnecessary bulk is avoided yet by a clever process, the nutritious properties of the vegetables are preserved ; and portability, a needful adjunct, is secur ed. We hail with pleasure the advtnt of the firm of SwaUow and Ariell in our midst, with their compressed and can ned vegetables, and we pronounce the verdict unhesitatingly, that they will be as successful in the sandy deserts of W.A., the wilds of Central Queensland ani other dry spots with their goods, as their Tin me has long ago beeu rendered famous throughout the length and breadth of the colonies for their plum puddiugs, cakes, and other articles of consumption. If the rabbit pest does not eventually become a thing of the past (writes the Argus) it3 increase will to a large extent be stopped. During the hist few weeks over 40,000 rabbits have been forwarded to the refrigerating works of the Agri cultural Department, at Flinders-street, for shipment to London, but only about half of them were considered to be in good enough condition for export, and only 20,160 were prepared for shipment and placed in the refrigerating cham bers, the others being sold in the market. Sickness is diminishing in Coolgardie says the Miner, and no deaths have oc eured at the Government Hospital for some days. At a meeting of the Hospi tal Committee on Tuesday they desired to draw the attention of the public to the danger of using dam. water, and also the danger of using wat-'- B ^ed from the roofs during the her ins, because on examination it will e f and that all spouts are full of filtL. b ;Trn there in the form of dust ; and nr -or, that anyone selling or supply his un healthy water to the public is : abl to be heavily fined. Captain NightingalL of the b. New Guinea, returned from the Albrohos Islands, distantsome two hundred miles from Fremantle, on Sunday afternoon hist, thence a departure was made for the East towards 4*30 p.m. Captain Nightingall reports having shipped 100 tons of guano, which will be transhipped, probably at Melbourne, for the Tas manian coast. The Islands known as the Albrohos are Leased from the Government by Messrs. Broadhurst and party, and the guano as a fertiliser for orchards, etc., is a valuable com modity. Owing to the success attendant on the establishmentlast year of the corres pondence class on School Method in connection with the Government Schools of the colony, it is the intention of the department to continue the class this year. Mr. O. P. Stables (Secy, of Edu cation) states that the greatest possible information should be obtained on the subjects for the first quarter's examina tion, which are as follows : — 1. Composi tion, oral and written : 2. The arithme tic required in classes up to Standard 111., especially notation, tables, and mental arithmetic. 3. Physical geo graphy : what it teaches, its practical value, and how it may assist in teach ing general geography. 4. Preparation of notes cf lessons on the fere-going subjects. 5. How to make school at tractive as well as useful ; beautifying the schoolroom ; garden work - superin tendence of outdoor games; school museums and libraries, their uses, snd how specimens may be obtained ; interes ting occupations ; the advantages of public displays of school work. The examinations will be held privately every quarter on the follow dates : — April 15, June SO, Sept. 15 and Nov. 30. And in order to prevent delay the answers to the questions should be for warded to the Teacher of Method, 14 days after receipt thereof. On Saturday, Mr. E. H. Wittenoom (Minister of Education) opened the new school at Smith's Mill where a round of festivities had been arranged for by the Hon. J. G. H. Amherst. The children were feasted by Mr. Amherst, and presented with their last year's prizes by the Minister, who said a few words of encouragement and advice to them. The school building is constructed of jarrah. lined with matchboard, and i3 25ft. by 18ft. affording accommodation for 30 or 40 scholars. Special attention has been paid to the lighting of the building. Bushfires have caused considerable damage to property around York re cently,says the local paper, theprineipal sufferers being Messrs. J. & W. Parker and J. H. Monger and Co., in whose paddocks the flames swept all before them. At the 13-mile on the York Guildford-road Messrs. Monger sustain ed great loss to fencing and feed, while Messrs. Parker suffered at the 6-mile. A large number of persons left Fork on Saturday afternoon and successfully battled with the flames, thus preventing further devastation. We are informed that at one time the quarantine station was in great danger, the fire being within a few yards of the edifice. Several cases of suspected shop breaking have been reported to the police at Albany lately. The other morning the shop of Mr. Bailey, tailor, in York street, was found open and an examination of the premises showed that about £7 had been abstracted from a desk. Mr. Turner also found that a pane of glass in his premises had been removed, but nothing was missed from the store. On Monday morning it was reported that the Government School had been broken into and the sum of sixpence in coppers had been appropri ated, A broken knife had been used by the thief or thieves to gain an entrance into the school. Mr. J. G. Dunn, the lucky discoverer of the Wealth of Nations mine, is re turning to Western Australia to do some more prospecting, says the Sydney Sunday Times of Jan. 30. He proposes giving the world another surprise, and declares that he knows a place that is 'all right,' and thatonly him self and the camels have seen. By the way, Mr. Dunn has insured his life inan American office for .£10,000.Millfl, the discoverer of the Londonderry, who is also in Sydney at present, returns to Coolgardie shortly to have another shot. 