kenthubst. » A 8UBPBISE.' A wierd, bnt none the less enchant ing, Australian scene! A balmy, fine night in the Kentharst district ; with a flood of moonlight swathing the land scape as the grateful onlooker gazed from the site of the comfortable home steadawa; overthe leagues of Australian buBh. In the far distance, where the firmaments meet, the haze, of the season's bush-fires ; and from the same spot, drifting the heavy fumes so peculiar to the atmosphere when miles of scrub, and eucalpti and turpentine and wattle, are burning ; in the near distanoe, the half-cleared county sending forth its stimulating aromas from newly-turned soil, and from the indigenous fragrant vegetation. Before the visitor's gaze, the ample lawn to the east of the house, and flooding down from the Queen of | the heavens, the still beautious beams that mantle our landscanes when the heat and burden of the day are past, and humanity and the whole creation as well, luxuriate in rest and peace and full enjoyment. Such was the setting in which the good folk of the Hills found the scene of their operations ; when they — old and young, men and maidens — with cheery sally and high expectation, swooped down upon the home of Mr. Gibbs, to surprise the family, and to inaugurate, for themselves, a night of enjoyment such as we rarely have the chance of spending, worse luck 1 but still which takes us back, when we do meet it, to our wholesome dreams of ideul social cheer, of Arcadian happiness and i glee, and a taste of that magnificent i home-life in the country, which has be- i come one of the characteristics of our j Australian national sentiment. Bursting upon the merry party just { when the jollity of the occasion was at , its height, we found the lawn tenanted \ by lads and lasses, in holiday attire (attractive, artistic, and seasonable), who flitted here and there, taking part in the evening's programme. From the inside of the nouse came the strains of dance music ; anon, of song and chorus ; then, laughter and voices raised in temperate revelry. In the drawing room the more sedate of the party sat and yarned (or, in the case of ladies '? chatted.') On the verandah were groups tete-a-tete, and otherwise ; whilst love whispered as to the flight of Cupid's arrows in shadowy nooks. In another part of the establishment the youngsters of the party were enter tained with conjuring tricks and so on by Mr. De Villiers. The par^y of surprisers had turned up shortly after 7 o'clock. A hearty reception was accorded them at the hftnrf. ot Mrs. vjioDS ana ner tair daughters (who had got an inkling as to what was coming off and had had everything prepared) Pater familias Gibbs (whose business keeps him in Sydney through the week and who arrived on the scene about 8 o'clock 'was nevermore surprisedin all his life.' Among the happy guests were : Mr. and Mrs. Moore (the latter the organiser ofthe 'surprise'), Miss Moore, and Miss Jessie Moore (Dural); Miss M. Black (Dural) ; Miss Herod; Miss Parr and Miss P. Parr; Mr. and Mrs. VJOnen ; jn.ni. -iay ana mias uimu «iav ; Miss Williams ; Miss McGuire; Mr. T. H. Burrqll ; Mr. Claude Fuller (Syd ney) ; Mr. De Villiers (Cape Town, Africa) ; Mr. MoGuire ; Mr. T. Harri son ; Mr. G. Williams ; and Mr. Fishburn. These and others were wel comed by Mrs. Gibbs, her two daughters (Florrie and Jennie) and her sons (Walter, Archie, and Arthur) — to say nothing of the younger olive branches. A sumptuous supper was served about midniaht : after which more games. more music, more general enjoyment. Then came the ' Au Bevoirs,' and the ' So long ' of bushman to chum. And the boys walked home with their best girls in the swathing flood of moon light ; and the breezes whispered the J thrilling mysteries of young hearts among the needles of the waving pines. ^ We will not say that all enjoyed them sdves: to have to put such things in mere cold print is an unweloome douohe in such a case. When every prospect pleases and our merry-makings iQatoh the proqpeot, wh^tj else hut supreme en joyment caq eyeqtqate ? 