Brief then-What's the news.-KING JOHN. The footpath irTfront of the local Post office, needs repairing. Mr. South, of the local Telegraph .Office, has resumed duties after a fort night's holiday. A Windsor boy, Mr Dolf Berckelman, is the secretary of the Aborigines Protec tion Board, Sydney. F The Sydney papers notified that there were about a dozen candidates in the field, for the Hawkesbury. There were no cases at the local Court on Friday last, which is exceptionally good so near election time. Last Friday week at 3pm it was snowing at Kiandra and at the same hour ' it was raining at Kurrajong Heights. j Mr. W. Morgan was driven to Black down by his friends on Sunday morning last, to enable him to get rail to Sydney. Mr E P Walker has removed to Mac quarie-st. Miss Kilpatrick will conduct her dressmaking business at the same ad dress. Messrs Dick Bros have already brought ¡ their new produce store into requisition, even though the building is not yet com- ' pleted. Nearly the whole of the Pitt Town set tlers marched four abreast into town on Saturday night. They formed quite a j procession. A boy twelve years of age gave evi dence in an assault case last Friday. From the evidence the lad had evidently been coached. A local man who thinks he knows, says , that Dr Duflot is charged with electricity and by that means he performs his oper ations painlessly and eftects his cures. Mr. George Waite, late Superintendent of the Pitt Town Settlement has been suspended by the Board of Control, and Mr. Protheroe is now acting Superinten dent. Influenza is making its appearance and there are numerous cases in town and dis trict. Every second person one now meets, has a bad cold and speaks with a nasal accent. The Board of Control of Pitt Town Settlement has received permission to set j their wood cutting plant up at Mulgrave station at the nominal rental of one shil-1 ling per month. Dr. Duflot has gone to Richmond to put in a few days. He took a large tumor from one man's neck on Saturday night, and has performed other clever cures. ^There are some in town who swear by him. Lieut B. Haille Paine, of Windsor Company 3rd Infantry Regiment, has just passed a very successful examination xor the rank of Lieutenant, having distin guished himself in all subjects, and re ceived special mention. At a banquet given on Friday night to Mr David Anderson general manager of the Orient line of steamers Messrs B Rich ards, H Pateson, H S Badgery and Pitt gave testimony to the sterling worth of Mr Anderson. Mr Anderson is going to Europe. At the Deniliquin Agricultural and Pastoral Show last week we noticed the \- name of Rev. B. Dinning amongst the successful prize takers in the dog section. The animal will be remembered as a terror to all the dogs in the vicinity of the parsonage when in Windsor. The two great friends, Messrs B Wal ker and F Collison were^political enemies this election both working hard against one another to secure the return of their man. Notwithstanding they were strong ly opposed to one another, politically, it makes no difference in their friendship. This is as it should be. As Mr. J. T. Gosper was going home at a late hour on Saturday night week he ' noticed a fire in Mitchell's yard close to ':>/'? Mr. Byram's premises. Assistance was ^ procured at onGe and the fire put out. It appears that'-the Golden Chariot attend I Ant had neglected to extinguish the light. ; ^íose to the fire was a tin of kerosene. » On Saturday night last, whilst a large ; -crowd had assembled in George- street op I pbsite the Golden Chariot, Mr. J. S. IL Busby was driving up the street when his I librse took fright at the crowd and wheeled !' «round iii thé buggy a time or two . and ¿^tóé tntp ^collision with ;* verandah post * '"* dam*. Mr. E. W. Dunstan has mada a start on bis contract ro-roofing tho St. Matthews RC. Church. His many friend^ will be sorry to learn that Mr. J, B. Wall is at present in a very low state of health. The ornamental trees 'facing' the gaol have been severely cot up by the frost, as sisted by the axeman. Mr. Joshua Everiugbam, formerly of the Brooklyn Hotel, Peat's Ferry, is now in charge of the Royal Hotel, Gosford. The hounds of the Sydney Hunt Club met at the Booty Hill station this Saturday morning at ll, when a deer will be hunted. À small pony of eleven hands caused a little excitement on polling day. His rug came partially oû and the pony played circus by turning soramersaults. Bush fires were raging in various parts of the Windsor district last week till the rain on Wednesday extinguished them. Bush-fires are unusual for this time of the year. Charlie Pye was out duck shooting last week, and had a narrow squeak whilst crossing the mouth of South Creek. He got into quick sand, but escaped with a ducking. The following tender of a Hawkesbury man has been accepted by the Department of Public Work :-M. J. Woodbury, Wyong Creek ; Erection of bridge over Cook's Biver at Druitt Town, £419 17s. Mr. Chester, of the Bank of N.S.W., is having the bank premises enclosed with 7ft iron OÛ the George-street frontage. The bank tennis-court will be entirely hidden from view. Mr. Fred Collison has just had an in scription put upoc a trophy (a beautiful gold trinket) which is to be given for best all round play in the Windsor Juniors last cricket season. Mr. George Wood was the donor. À pack of hounds passed through town last Sunday week preceded by a cart laden with spoils of the chase. A party had been out after game, and appeared to have been very successful judging by the loaded vehicle. The Richmond Oddfellows created con siderable attention in the recent procession with their handsome banner. How is it that such a wealthy branch as the Windsor1 one cannot produce a similar display when in public Mr. W. H. Isaac, of Kenny Park, better i known as Mr. Jas Smith's farm (situated between Berkshire Park and the late Mr. John Harris' farm) is selling out aud leav ing the district. Mr. W. Gosper will con duct the sale on Wednesday 81st inst. The verandah fronting Mr. Grimwood's premises and Mr. Solicitor Paine's office has just been completed, and is a great im provement to the place. It now remains for the Council to remove the old flag stones to make the footpath full width. There is satisfaction in town that the elections are all over, as whilst the uncer tainty prevailed, business was paralyzed. It is to be boped the Reid Government will bring about .prosperity commercially, as trade has been dead for a long time past. After an unusual spell of very dry weather heavy rain fell on Wednesday last, doing a considerable amount of good in the dis trict, as it was very badly needed. At Riverstone a. quantity of stock have been dying on account of the water famine and no feed. The Rev. Dr. Rhodes, of Rookwood, will close his ministry of the Rookwood Church by a farewell meeting on the 25th instant, after a ministry extending over several years. He will shortly leave for Onehunga Auckland, New Zealand, to take up the ministry of the Church there. The dry season has done a lot of harm to the orange orchards in the district, es pecially on the low land at Kurrajong, Ebenezer, Sackville, Dural and Riverstone, the Messrs Brown at Ebenezer being heavy losers. It is said that some of the crops are so bad that orchards in some cases will be ruined. A few weeks ago a gentleman and his wife in the country were expecting a lady visitor from Sydney, and thought the oppor tunity a good one to get up a few delicacies. The gentlemen of the house sent her a list including amongst other things some Ger man sausage, stipulating for the imported article, and adding ' the real MacKay..' Everything came but the sausage, the lady assuring her country.friend that though she had tried several shops none of them had 