jtcms of jtttos. The Budget. — Mr. Turner will deliver bis Budget speech in the Assembly this afternoon. The following forecast gi? some of the maun features which it is antici pated will be included in the speech It is uuaeiBwjou was we r mailer will estimate the revenue for 1895-6 at about £6,750500 or slightly more than that received list year. The £30.000 assessed but hot paid in t 1894-5 in connection with tfae income tax will go into this year's revenue, and the Premier anticipates that the receipt! from j this source will therefore during this year reach £200.000. Tie rise in tbe price of wheat causing farmers to again put in this crop to the same extent as last season, if not inducing them to place a larger area under cultivation ; the anticipated increased ontpnt of coal at the Gippaland mines, andthelsige areas under fruit coming into bearing this year, will, it la thought, cause no diminution in the railway income during 1895-6 as com pared with the receipts for last year. The only estimates of revenue that are pettiei- log the Premier are the Customs receipts, owing to the alterations that are being made in the tariff, and it will be in- terestiug to bear how he thinks these changes will operate on the rerenoe. As far as can be ascertained Mr. Tomer will estimate tbe expenditure for the ordinary purposes of government for the enrrent year at about £6,600,000 after providing for the increase in the pension list consequent on the retirement of officers and tbe cost of collect ing the income tax. Ibis will be s reduc tion of nearly £490,000 on the estimated expenditure for 1894-5. If, as is probable, tbe Premier estimates tbe revenne for 1895-6 at £6,750,000, there will be an ap parent surplus of about £150,000. Unfor tunately, however, the Sbiels chickens are commg nome co roost, ana air. l nrner will, on Janaary 1, have to redeem £250,000 worth of bonds floated by Mr. Shiele lor revenne purposes. These are part of a loan of £750,000. But for this obligation Mr. Turner would have a credit balance, but if be electa to redeem the paper out of revenue there will be a deficit of about £100,000. He may perhaps decide to redeem to as large an amount ae possible out of the revenue, providing for the balance by temporarily drawing on the trust funds. It is important to bear in mind, however, that but for tbe maturing of the bonds referred to there would be a surplus on the year's transac tions. The Police Magistracy. — Mr. Cothbert'e decision re the Police Magistrate bas been indignantly received here (says onr Harrow correspondent.) The local justices have hitherto at great personal in convenience, endeavoured to attend to the courts, so that litigants would not be put to unnecessary expense, hot tbev will now probably take op a different position. The next visit of the P.M. iB arranged for the 30th August to attend revision courts for the supplementary item. Thin will repre sent an interval of six months between this visit and the last one in February. Tbe justices in this district accepted their ap pointments for tbe purpose of -bing statutory declarations and sworn informa tions rather than attending the court, and if their attendance is required regularly at court, the Law Department should be called upon to bear their travelling ex penses, some having to drive 30 .and even 40 mQee in the day to take np the duties of tbe P.M. Skilful Operation. — The import ance of the new treatment with antitoxin in cases of acute diphtheria has been forcibly illustrated in a case admitted to the Hamilton Hospital on Friday. A Mrs. Hodden, residing in Cavendish, and her little daughter bad been suffering for ten days from what the patients thought to be bronchitis. As they became gradually worse Dr. Robinson was called In, and on examining the patients he found that one of the little girls, about eight years of age, was Buffering from diphtheria in an ad vanced form. - Seeing that an operation was needed he ordered their instant re moval to the Hamilton Hospital, where they arrived at ten o'clock on Friday night, Finding that the child -was very ill and, fortunately, having a small supply of anti toxin in hand, he at once injected a dose. Daring the night the little sufferer's breath ing became very 'labored, the nurse in charge, .of the case summoned the doctor early on Saturday morning. Dr. Hobinsou, fi/IAAniftfl14IAH i W KTawnw <»JL tali? repaired to the institution, where they found the child almost dying. They de cided that it would be necessary to perform the operation of tracheotomy without de lay, and Dr. Hayes administered chloro form, after which Dr. Robinson performed the operation, which at once gave the patient relief. After tbe operation, a double dose of antitoxin was nsed, and since then tbe child's progress has been un interruptedly favourable. Dr. Robinson feels quite convinced that the biid would have succumbed after tbe per formance of the operation of tracheotomy, had -it not been for the n&e; of antitoxin." - The mother and her other daughter are also .suffering from diphthe ria, -and antitoxin has been nsed in both eases, with tbe result that the doctor hopes thsit tile Sisease may Be cot short. These eases demonstrate the necessity of doctors having always a eupplv of Mffinirn on hand, especially in hospitals. We congratu late Dr. Robinson on the success of his treatment of a case which at first had ap peared to be a hopeless one. Brokenshire y. Bacon. — We learn that Mr. Justice Hodges has granted an order to review tbe brder made in this case, in which the Yatcbaw Trust was garnishee, by the P.M. for postponing the hearing from the 25th Jane until the 9th Jnly, ana that the grounds upon which the order to review has been. obtained are that tbe garnishee order was not served upon the Trpst,;andtbat there was no evidence of its baviog been served. ' 33ue was the conten tion ofths sotirabor forthe Trust when tbe ease Was tolled on for' hearing, snd Mr. Palmer then objected that without proof of eersiee the tose ccnld ndt be dealt with — totdd foot1 «svpn fhe?posfocmecU It wonld appear to ' follow if Mri Justice Hodges' order is jipheldnn'hef4tii August, when the tomplainant . w3T have an opportunity p' -SCHE West; Ausiealxan GOLD- often been remarked in pillllS! aiwastt targe -:4ztnrnB< feefo bring gained from the yl!risY:AB'a.tofit»;preparod Snjiasto jbrt 'mprohenmTO figures dmwiitiSDdipiftfoctotoyearfrom 1886 .iraKinTiif.-'nnn noticeable, and 1866 «dyT302oali>f ipjld was ' output fell off again in 1688 to 3,493 ozs. Then in 1889 it leaped to 15,492 ozs, valued nt £58,871 10s, and steadily rose to 110,890 ozs. in 1893, valued at £421,385. In 1894 Coolgardie came into the figures with. 105,329 ozs., bringing the total for the colony up to 207,131 ozs., valued at £787,096. For the six months of 1895 the returns are as follow Kimberley, 146 ozs. ; Pilbarra, 10,741 ozs ; Yilgarn, 12,667 ozs. ; Asbbnrton, 178 ozs. ; Murchison, 27,684 ozs. ; Hondas, 11 ozs. ; Cool gardie, 56,850 ozs., giving a grand total for the colony of 108.280 ozs., valued at £411,465 6s 5d for the six months. For the period of nine and a half years over which the return extends, the output was 563.128 ozs., valued at £2,139,889 5s 9d. It will be seen that despite the rich finds of the West, the oolony has not nearly ap proached the output from the Victorian mines. The yield for' 1893 in this latter colony went op to 16,670 ozs., end touched 671.126 ozs. 16dwts., being the highest since 1865, when the total yield was 735,218 ozs. - It has since fallen off, bat unless there is a very large increase in the yield for Western Australia during the next six months, Vic toria will probably remain along way ahead of the other colony at the end of the year. Accident at Warrock. — Our Cas- terton correspondent wrote yesterday: — Master C. Patterson, of Warrock, a youth of about 15 years of age, met with a very severe accident on Saturday. In company with a younger brother, he went riding some few miles from the homestead, and engaged in hunting for rabbits. Master Patterson had taken a tomahawk with him specially sharpened by himself for the oc- casion. Having found a rabbit in a hollow log, he commenced to cut through, when the tomahawk glanced off the hard wood severing the tendon and cutting into the bone. The young fellow was laid helpless, and as his younger brother could render no assistance, he galloped off to the home- station for help. It was found that owing to the many deep gullies and ravines in the neighbourhood where they were hunting that a vehicle could not be taken through, so that the sufferer had to be taken back nearly the whole way on horseback. Dr. Smith was sent for, and arrived at about 10 o'clock at night, and had the patient re- moved to Dancock's Hotel on. Sunday, where the wound was attended to and dressed, a very painful operation, which was manfully borne without chloroform. Physiology. — By special request, the Rev. Charles Pickering gave a very in- teresting and instructive physiological ad- dress to the senior division of the Hamilton Band of Hope at the Temperance Wall last evening. The subject treated was the buman heart. Its size, location and several chambers were first described, and then its functions were dilated upon in language suitable to youthful minds. The heart beats, the children were fold, on an average 100,000 times in 24 hoars, and pumps over 5000 ounces of blood over the body daring that time. Circulation was next touched upon by the rev. gentleman, and the juvenile audience opened its eyes at the wonders into which it was initiated. But the main point to which the speaker hastened was the effect of alcohol on the heart's action. Eight ounces of this stimulant caused the heart to beat 24,000 extra times in 24 hours. This did not in- dic&te; that it gave additional strength, as was very commonly supposed. Stimulant meant a " spur," and, just as the spur made the tired horse go faster without giving strength, so alcohol pnt extra work upon the heart, but did not supply either strength or blood. The blackboard was called into use by the lecturer, and by thiB means the children were enabled to com prehend what would otherwise have been difficult for them to grasp. The utmost attention was paid to the address, which could not fail to impress the minds of the listeners with the value of bring trne to their temperance pledge. A series of such addresses would be most educative in their tendency, but would involve the speakers in a large amount of labour. Hamilton Hunt Club. — The Pres- tonholme country will be hunted to-mor row afternoon, the meet being again at the \- back of the Hospital at half-past two o'clock. The run promises to be a very satisfactory one frovn the point of view of the rood division and also for others tvbo merely at tend to see the throw off. Six fences may be seen - from the start without any trouble and much of the big timber across the country will be within sight of the roads. It is hoped that there will be a good master of followers as the run is one of the most popular of the fixtures of the clnb. Hebe and Thbbe. — If anything we have had quite enough and some think a little too much rain. In a private letter from near Sydney a correspondent writes under date July 23 : — " The long drought has killed off everything. .There are no crops, no feed, even the gam trees are torn- iug quite brown, and the bush-fires are rag- ing. 1 have lost ten chains of a good new fence and my horses have wandered, good ness only knows where, bat we trast rain will come some day, when, oh, when i If not soon we shall wither away." The Accident to Me. P. M'Ewen. —The accident through which Mr. F. M'Ewen, Miss M'Ewen and Miss Clapham were thrown out of a boggy, reported a few days ago, was more severe than antici pated (writes oar Gastertoa correspondent). Both Mr. and Miss M'Ewen have been confined to their beds, although they are now getting on well, and no bad results are apprehended. The accident' occurred through Mr. M'Ewen trying to get bis horses, which were young and restive, to stand while he save a Iadv a seat in the trap. They bolted and jumped two drains, the ladies being thrown out by the jerk at the fitst one, and Mr. M'Ewen at I the second. I The Recent Hospital Meeting. — I In our last issue a paragraph appeared I which the Rev. W. M'Donald complains of aB having a tendency to create a wrong im- I pression in the minds of the subscribers to I the Hospital. We stated that Mr. M'Donald I rose unexpectedly to propose the nomina- I tion of a new candidate for a position on the I committee. Mr. M'Donald paints ont that K' he rose when the opportunity offered and ft not sooner or later. The time bad arrived r for taking nominations for the vacancies and K there being no other method in vogue he K' took advantage of the proper moment to ft nominate Mr. Brown. i Death of an Old Digby Resident. — On the 18th inat. death removed one of the oldest and most esteemed residents of Qymbowen in the person 'of Mrs. Mary | Reeves, who was formerly well known in | the Digby district. The deceased lady, who was 64 years of age, was very hale and strong np to within a few months of her death, when she complained of freqnent at tacks of weakness and languor. Early in Jane last, she became eo ill that her eon — Mr. S. G. Knight — with whom the was living, conveyed ber into Natimuk and placed ber under the care of Dir. Bird. The doctor fonnd that the old lady was sibling from several complaints, consequent' npon the general breaking up ofher constitution, and held on too hopes of her recovery. She was then removed home, nail.; gradually grew worse, despite the loving attention be stowed upon her by her daughter— Miss Mary Beeves and ber eons. Paralysis set - n within two weeks of ber . death, and rom that time till the end, ehe remained in q_ a semi-comatoee state. Her death took |w place in the presence of her bnsbsnd (who K is a very frail old gentleman of 84) and - all I her sods mid only d&uglitcjr.; The Victoman Wool Mabkbt.— We have received the.armnal review jbf the, Victorian wool market, published by tbe New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. As astral ; the publication don- tains a vast Amount. op:ijrformatura jnqete valuable to those foteroetetFjn ,foe wool trade. The dretpnaeea la fifiat' alluded to . and reference 4e : jkha3ea& home length to the causes lui&liaveprodneed; this, though biaadrrultedlhrdi'these expibo arartriomctent Ptatterfor'sp wool in so low. There it Bales and shtriila -iielSAhotiime mdGeelOTgbrolmmM'd.AvWbbdieateB the/vast amoimthf|jurJiy:/iop/foyj:feB New EwLnfl i. > .... __ good scoured as low as 13d. The wish ex- pressed that the low water mark reached this year will be the record . for ever after will be heartily endorsed by pastdraliats, i who have been encouraged to look for better things by the recent galea in London. Glenthohfson Sports.—' The Sportp meeting at Gientbompaon promises to be ahighly successful one, judging from the indications which the Hon. Secretary, Mr. M'Lellon, has forwarded to as. The nomi nations for the principal events closed on Saturday night last, when there were 23 entries for the Sheffield Handicap, 10 for the Bicycle Race, 16 for the: Ladies' Bag, 16 for the Hurdle Race, and 17 for the Mile Race. The handicaps will appear in our Thursday's issue, and no doubt very good fields will go to the scratch in all cases. Premier Football. — An attendance of close on 20,000 persona assembled on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday, to watch the great struggle between Melbourne and Geelong, both teams np to the lost match having only suffered one defeat. The result was a great surprise, even to ' the most sangaine supporters of the Geelong Clnb, as it was considered by all those who saw the Essendon — Geelong match on the previous Saturday tbat a close and exciting match would ensue. The final result was, however, Geelong, 9 goals 9 behinds ; Mel bourne, 3 goals 8 behinds. The other matches for the Premiership resulted as follows : — Fitzroy, 7 goals 18 behinds, beat St. Kilda, 2 goals 5 behinds ; Essendon, 3 goals 5 behinds, beat Carlton, 1 goal 7 behinds ; North Melbourne, 6 goals 13 behinds, beat Williamstown, 2 goals ; South Melbourne, 7 goals 7 behinds, (beat Footscray, 2 goals 1 behind ; Richmond and Fort Melbourne a draw. The Sweating Evil. — The Secret- ary of the Tailors' Society id Melbourne has forwarded bb a copy of the circular recently eent to ell clergymen in the metropolitan district bringing under their notice the terrible extent to which sweating Is practised especially in the clothing trade. It is pointed ont that in consequence of the closing of many factories the workers are driven to taking work home, and thus being beyond the protection of the Factories Act, they are sweated aomercifnlly. Some of the evidence given before the Board is quoted in support, notably cases in which women have only earned lOd to a le per day, men's Baits are made complete for 2s each and women were making shirts at Is per dozen. It is eonght to have the. Factories Act as to largely mitigate this state of things, . by insisting on the work being done in factories. So tax the pro moters of the movement have been entirely successful in bringing the matter before the public and obtaining promises of support. Farther, publicity is sought and we gladly < place oar epace at the disposal of ine re formers, in the hope that a mite of in-/ fluence may be added to the movement by bo doing. Presbyterian Debating Society. — The inaugural meeting in connection with the Hamilton Presbyterian Debating and Literary Society was held in the Presby terian Sunday school last night, when the following office- bearers were elected Presidents, Rev. J. K. Macmilllan and Mr. T. Brown ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. Begg and Haglethorn ; Hon. Secretory, Mr. Melville ; assistant's Secret ary, Mr. A. M'Rae. Committee, Miss Muir Rod Messrs. James Brown and "\V, iicvvb hi r. iilviviiig react an inuGrcsiiing paper entitled " Ideal child life," and was followed throughout by those present with : close attention. After several gentlemen ' had spoken on the subject the meeting closed. The meetings of the Society are to be held monthly throughout the winter. A Patent Horseshoe. — We have to congratulate Mr. Albert Mecklebarg, who has charge of the smithing department in connection with Cobb and Co's. livery stables at Hamilton, on having secured a patent for an improved horseshoe, of which be is personally the inventor. The shoe in question (a sample of which may be seen at the Spectator office) is made of malleable iron, bnt instead of being solid it has a groove on the underside, some three -eights of an inch deep, and into this is let a piece of tarred rope which projects a little beyond the iron frame, and receives the full weight of the animal on whose hoof it is placed.. The ontride of the shoe is five-eights in thickness, while the fi&teide; which adjoins the hoof is abont seven-eights of on inch wide. The invention presents a very neat piece of workmanship, and it is claimed by the patentee to be not only more durable than the ordinary shoe, bnt to be specially adapted for cab, livery and other horses working on metalled and other hard roads. In consequence of the springy nature of the inserted rope on which the nnimnt treads all violent vibration and jarring are avoided. The muscles and joints of the horses legs are not strained ae in the case where the ordinary shoe is used and the growth of corns on the foot is effectually prevented. By the adoption of this shoe it is farther claimed much of the horses strength will be conserved and weariness greatly reduced. The animal will be more gnre of foot and less liable to slip owing to the spring of the rope and the firm sharp edges of the iron work in which it is encased. The new in- vention, we understand, has already been' adopted in several instances, and baa been found to give the utmost satisfaction, and should it come into general use the patentee will not only be handsomely compensated for bis ingenuity, bnt horse- owners will be saved expense and the beast of burden will have bis work made eerier. . The Land Act. — The following notices are from Friday's Gazette : — Appli- uuoa vox wxiuw approval : osuui : Stephens, 100 acres, Tellageira. Applica tions for leases approved : Catherine Hut, 921 acres, Dnrong ; John Dnrack (amended lease), 229 acres, Knot Narin. Renewal of licenses approved: James Kean, 183 acres, Jallakin ; Alexander Turnbull, 73 acres, Yat Nat ; John .Allardice, 1850 acres, We- curia; D. M'Phee, 523 acres, Balrook; Thos. O'Connell. 750 acres and 700 acres, Yonpayang ; - Francis Liddiard, 58 acres, MunundAoa. Area . available 281 acres, Bringalbert, formerly occupied by David Mahoney. For some reason as yet unexplained, our budget of news waa not received by telegram from Melbourne last -night. The discovery of bitumen near the mouth of the Glenelg River, S.A., . is to be prospected and developed by a company. "Why do' you call your wife . Monkey Brand soap f enquired Jones' neighbour. " Because she won't wash clothes of course," retained Jones, r '. , "i,, . ..t It is notified elsewhere ihat> the Sbire Council of Minhamite. mil inetitate_ legal proceedings to recover all .rates unpaid in. the Shire after August 1st. It is said' that there -was tare -milium pounds worth of timber m the Broken Hill mine where foegreat fire is etiH iagiog. The loss must Inevitably prove anormonsi Onr Mooralla correspondent states!"that Gr. White, of Mount House Shire,Jwill not -seek re-election for that municipality, f>re- faring to contest the Eaet'Eiding of Dandss Instead. : V- \ Some wagtold apassengerbyfoe bight, train to Monnt Gsmbier last week that the ' semaphore light was foe station, whereupon the passenger atepped ont and experienced a 'wnnaerfolcscspefromandden death. . ' . .' 35ieP«nola -District -GounoilhsB derided not to.emploFxnra',«mder fitly years jof age . to spread the metal in the Fenok .ward, This ta beginning ,at the opposite ehdto that token hold of by thB mihimmh wageiets. . As notified ipleewhere, tine ChnatT Chnrcb ' AtfaletiaCinh intend hridingan-npen'aight : this nhesdayl-evening, towhich foe mobile are'rovibeR'Aafoe '(Club jSs' , m'j'ynmtjDl funds,Aix|>eiicejriUfcq offiraliji|%Rnd werenptteorthfoe eacfccloth 