The opening of the Central Creamery, at Berry on Saturday may,; in a sense, be regarded as a sign. of the timos. Such an event is peculiarly 'welcome and encouraging just now. It makes a very good set-off against the drought and the bush fires, and brings into strong relief the vitality of the conn- . try at a time when something of the kind was particularly wauted. Thé tendency of the age is towards united effort, aiid the event of Saturday brought this fact into, strong .relief. If New South Wales dairymen are to, compete in the English.:-market with foreign countries, to say nothing of-her ^ own neighbors, they must join their forces, as is done by the dairy farmers of Denmark and Victoria. Denmark is the European, country to be most feared as a competitor with Australia in. the matter of dairy, produce; Vic toria should' be regarded rather as an ally than a rival of New South Walesi She has certainly set New South; Wales butter makers a good example in the systematic way she . has goue about fighting the foreign producers in' the home market. As to Denmark, Avhere the butter export trade is car ried on in the most scientific manner possible, as Mr. Hay pointed out on . Saturday, the dairy farmers there have to feed their cattle eight months in the year. Herei in New South Wales, as in Victoria, our cows can feed them-, '? selves all the year round-except, of;- ;. course,, during sueh a time of drought , ; and bush-fires as we are how experien cing. But this .is exceptional. On the whole, we enjoy an advantage over Denmark which should more than com-, pensate for the handicap we labor un dur in regard, to distance. The Berry . Creamery has been established to give the dairy farmers of the estate facili ties for getting the best possible re- ; turns for their cream. ; The dominant ; note running through the speeches "at. .the opening ceremony was the necesst". ty of producing a first-class article.«-' "Any trade," said Mr. Hay, "done be tween ourselves and any old European country would bave to be marked by honesty, uniformity of quality, and ex cellence;" or, as Colonel Bell tersely, put it, . "What they had to do was to make a good reputation, and to bo ; careful that they did not'lose it be cause of one keg of strong butter." , 