WAGRA. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT ) MONDAY, February 11. I regret having to record ihe death of a youth named Alfred Gray, son of Mr. C. Gray, of Wagra Creek," from drowning in the Murray last Tuesday evening, whilst bathing. The only person wbo witnessed the sad affiir was a younger brother of the deceased, who tried to save him but without avail, as neither of the lads could swim. He then went to a neighbouring house and told what had happened. Searching for the body was soon commenced, vrhich was recovered in about 9't. of water, about an hour and a half afterwards, by W. Barlow, senr., and N. Barlow, who nearly drowned themselves in doing so. They deserve much praise for tbe courageous action, as it was dark at the time, which made diving work all the more difficult. An enquiry was beld next day by Mr. T. A. Browne. The f u n e r a l t o o k place at Bowna on Thursday, and | was largely attended. Much eympathy is felt for the parents in their sad bereavement, tbey having lost another son some years ago by drowning. A bush- fire broke out on Mugwee on Tuesdar, but as manv willing hands turned oat, it was soon got under. Some fencing and quantity of grass was destroyed, Mr. Gain and olhers I . looinB in conmquence. Tbe fires which have been burning on the Dora Dora hills for some time hast had to be beaten back . . . as they wen getting rather closa to tha settlers' fences. A strong contingent from Dora and Woomargama succeeded in stopping the OQ* wird course of the fl imes. Oar knights of the willow played at Granya on Saturday against a team represent* lng that place, onr boys w'nnfng easily by 53 runs on the first innings. The ecores were :— Wagra, first innings 99 ; Granya, first innlng8 46, second innings 37. C. W. Thompson made top score (47) for Wagra in grand style. Double figures were reached by J. Townsend (10) and also by that other useful member " Sundries," who contributed no less than 20 to the score. C. J. Surridge (captain) bowled with great success in the first innings, taking 7 wickets at a email coBt in runs, as likewise did E. B. Vincent in the second innings, wbo took 4 wickets in succession—a very creditable performance considering that he is only a " colt" yet. The beBt {.cores for Grany* were made by H. McDonnell (18) and J. Bignell (10) in the first innings, and W. Jenkins (25) was the only one who made double figures in the second innings ; tbe best bowling being done by J. Gard. There was a marked diff.-renciJ between tbe wicket beeping 'if the two teams, the odds being greatly in lav or of Wagra. The Granyaites entertained the Wagra team at luncheon in tbeir ueual gocd style in the evening. 