YESTERDAY'S DEPUTATION. MR. WTTTENOOM'S REPLY. The deputation which waited upon the Minister of Mines yesterday, laid before that gentleman the many grieviances under which the commercial community were laboring, Mr. Randell, M.L.A., who introduced the deputation, Mr. Simpson M.L.A. Cr. R. H. Barrett, Mr. J. C. Hills, Mr. J. is. Koad, Mr. li. Jjindsay, Mr. O. I*. Haines and Mr. C. F. Eveston spoke on the subject. The following is the full text of the Minister's reply : — Mr. Wittenoom said he was sorry indeed there had been any real cause for this deputation, but unfortunately there did exist a very strong ground of complaint, and he was sorry it should be so. He had every sympathy with business men of the city and colony in the way the telegraph system had been working so badly lately, but it was accounted for in two ways. First, the demand for the telegrams had overtaken the accommodation. It had not been anticipated that the lines put up would have the work they had. at present. As had been pointed out, the revenue had increased a hundred per cent, which was quite sufficient to show the work had doubled itself, and the Government had not yet been able to take any steps to meet it. Directly there was a break- down, as there had been only too often, the work accumulated so rapidly that it was almost impossible to overtake it. That was one cause of the delay, and one that would take some time to alter. Then there were unavoidable accidents. The line was subject to climatic in fluences, which occasioned a good deal of leakage, and there were also the bush fires, such as the one that took place the other day. Even that morning he had received intimation that the north line beyond Newcastle was interrupted owing to a bush-fire, and when he came down from Geraldton last week a fire was burning near the line. Then, Again is. the southern parts of the colony, the trees grew to a great height, and to cut these down all along the line to prevent them from falling on it would involve heavy expense. He assured them that the Telegraph Department was anxious to keep the line clear, but these accidents were quite beyond their control. There were two reasons which might have escaped the deputation, and which made the work pile up, namely, the Govern ment work and the Press work. The Government work in itself was very large, and monopolised a lot of the time. Then as to the Press work it had prior ity, and took up a lot of time. He should endeavor to cut the Government work down as much as possible, and to see that nothing but urgent telegrams were sent through. The Press was a public institution, and if that was cut down the public would suffer, but represen tatives of the press and newspaper pro prietors ought to see that such frivolous items as they sometimes saw in the papers were not sent. As they knew he had only been in office a month and had not had time to do much, but he had given these matters some consideration and he would read to them a paper he intended to lay before the Cabinet the following day. Mr. Wittenom then read the paper, in which he invited the consideration of his colleagues to the questions of the erectionof a tele graph line from Clyde to Esperance Bay via Dundas ; of tbe enlisting of the co-operation of South Australia, and if necessary the other Australian colonies, in duplicating the line from Esperance Bay to Adelaide, having alternative routes where possible; and of making further provision for the increase of the telephone system. This, he said was a very urgent matter, and he hoped the Cabinet would support him in his pro posals. As they were aware, both him self and Mr. Sholl, the Postmaster General, had been unable to attend the Postal Conference this year, but the document he held in his hand was a. copy of the very -full memorandum which had been handed to the Premier, who would be present at the Conference, and who would use every endeavour to induce the South Australian Govern ment to co-operate with us in putting up the line. They had hitherto ob jected to it on account of the expense, but from a telegram received -the other day he thought thej were banning to see it would be to their interest. The deputation would understand from that the matter had not been lost sight of, but that the Government were keeping it befora them. They perfectly under stood the disadvantages occasioned to business men when such acci dents occurred as had been referred to. With regard to the Coolgardie line, it had been erected with wooden poles from the neighbourhood as a temporary measure. These poles were being eaten through by white ants, and would hav* to be replaced. In conclusion, he would like to say he hoped they would not think these delays were meted out to the public as a sort of punishment. The Government would be very pleased to give everyone satisfaction. He should give all the complaints his most careful consideration with a view to remedying them. 