THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OTTR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. This week's is the 750th issue of the Courier. Handicaps for the OukapariDga Baceg will be issued next week. The Mount Barker Institute last night was a scene of gaiety, and beauty. Bushfires have been raging in the Mount Lofty Badges this - week. A fire covering Utiles of country has been clearing the mallee. scrub, to the south of Monarto. Harvest thanksgiving services in Dunn Memorial Church on Sunday and Monday next. A treat for the children to-night J. Magic lantern lecture at the Wesleyan lecture-hall, Mount Barker. The Hon. Dr. Cockburn returned to the colony yesterday from Tasmania, where he attended the Postal Conference. Murray Bridge storekeepers (all but one) have adopted the Wednesday afternoon clos ! ing system. "Dunn's Bun," near Mount Barker, has been leased by Mr. Paul Braendler, who is prepared to paddock cattle and horses therein. A branch of the National Defence League has beea formed at Noarlunga, nine members being enrolled. Mr. T. Price, M.P., gave a. lantern lecture at Mylor on Saturc ay evening in aid or the Cotton Memorial Institute, a good sum being realized. Blumfoerg has a very old resident in Mr. C. Heuzenroeder, who celebrated his 95th birthday last week and is, comparatively speaking, " hale and hearty." ; The prize-list for the Mount Barker Show on March 14 has been published in booklet "forHTand m'ay be had gratis on applying to Mr. A. von Doussa or at this office. \- .The Blnmberg and G-umeracha Chess Clnbs played a match at the latter place last week, the Gumeracha representatives winning by one game. " " The Blanchetown District Council has re ceived a Government grant of £150 for the maintenance of a main-road continuation | leading to the River Murray. ' Mr. Tbeodor Hanckel, .of Blumberg, was shot through the right hand owing to the accidental discharge of a pistol he was hand ling, one of the bones Being shattered. Mr. James Woolard, who has been con nected with the GumerBcha Butter Factory for several years, is leaving it shortly, having been appointed manager of the Aldinga Factory. The Mount Torrens cyanide works do not treat smaller parcels of ore than fire tons, and prospectors in the district ask that they should be given a chance by being able to get lots of one or two tons put through the plant. Mr. A. McDonald, M.P., who has seen the village settlements in the other colonies, says that ours are better managed, while more liberal terms are obtained from oar Govern ment. The newly-appointed Mount Barker dis trict constables were duly sworn in on Monday afternoon. *' They are unpaid officers and should have the support of all law abiding people when occasion arises for their strong right arms being brought into action against desperate characters. We notice that Mr. L. B. Addison, late of Mount Barker, wae a performer in the eomedy " The Magistrate," played by the Orroroo Dramatic Club on Wednesday evening, taking the part of " Mr. Wormington." Mr. W. ©. » Addison also acted as " Captain Yale," and Mr. F. C. Addison was the lively young'i scapegrace, " Cie. Farrington." At the half-yearly meeting in connection with the Clare Butter Factory Dr. Bain, who started the undertaking with the view of inducing the residents to take over the build ing and plant at a valuation and form a co-operative body, submitted a satisfactory balance-sheet and report to the milk-sappliers. He spoke very -highly of the manager, Mr, Cades, who is a brother of Mr. A. S. Cades, of Blakiston.: Very late in the day a highly appreciative sketch of the life of the late Mr. John Dunn, •gen ^appears in the Pictorial Australian for ' Januaigu„ It is remarked that " the history yffSouth Australia willaot he complete with -out some account <of -the 'work which this -foremost among, thajneneera pocomplishedfor it;" Am excellent portrait of' Mr. Dnnn appears in the page representing "Three Typical Australian pioneers," the other two being the late Dean Macartney (aged 95) and Sir'Alfred Stephen (92). +. (Feom Otra Own Cobeespondents). Woodside, February 12. This week witnesses the depart ure of Mr. H. M. Hart, who for a number of years has conducted a saddler's business in the main street. He is seeking fresh fields, being a successful tenderer for the mail contract between Macclesfield and Aidgate. Murray Bridge, February 12. A swagman (name unknown) who arrived | at Tailem Bend on the evening of the 6th inst. in a drunken state, by some means got ; himself locked in the ladies' waitiug-room at i that siding and not being able to again find his way out by tbs proper exit forced an opening through the side of the building by tearing off the deal planks, thus damaging the structure to a considerable extent. The matter is in the hands of the police. A picnic in connection with the St. John's Church of England Sunday-school will be held on Wednesday, 20th inst., in the pad docks of Mr. J. F. Zimmermann, kindly l6nt for the ocoasion, and should the weather keep fine a large gathering is expected. Langhome's Creek, February 13. The long harvest is drawing to a close, the majority of the farmers having finished cart ing. It cannot by any stretch of imagination be called a good harvest. On Monday evening the Rev. Mr. Finch, pastor of the Wesleyan Church, lectured on the Northern Territory, exhibiting weapons, musical instruments, ornaments, and curios peculiar to the North Australian aborigines, lie also tlirew on the screen a number of pictures illustrative of the habits and doings of the natives. During the evening songs were given by Miss MatheBon and Messrs. Davidson, Follett, and J. Matheson, Mrs. Finch and Miss Otto acting as accompanists. Mr. T. C. Hay ward recited " How We Beat the Favorite." At the supper which followed j a large number sat down. + StrathaTbyu, February 14. As showing the amount of interest taken by cur townspeople in cycling a large crowd witnessed the first road race held by the Stvaihalbyn Cycling Club last, evening, and as the time came round For the finish fully 200 had mustered, besides which at each crossing were groups of those interested. Punctually at 6.10 p.m. the first man, R. Thomas, with 12 min. handicap, was started on the journey, followed by W. Castle (8 lain.), W. Bartlelt (2)- min.), Angus Stark (14 iniu.), and F. Harris (scratch). The race proved a most exciting one, the tussle between Stark and Barlleit being sternly contested, and the former won a splendid race by 15 yards, the same distance separating the third and fourth men, Castle and Thomas, who were a minute behind JBartlelt. The scratch man (Harris), who came home last, has had a sharp attack of influenza and tode strictly against medical advice. The time taken by the winner to complete the 13 miles was 384 minutes (over 20 miles an hour), which to anyone acquainted with cycling reads as a specially' good per formance, and with judicious training Stark ought to make a name fur himself. At the conclusion of the race the president (Mr. E. J. Tucker, J.P.) presented the gold medal to the winner, expressing the wish that this victory would prove a happy augury for any other events in which Mr. Stark would take part. Mr. Harriett was given the second trophy. Mr. R. Rent acted as timekeeper and Mr. G. W. Montgomery as starter. One by one we are losing sight of our old colonists. Last evening after a long and painful illness Mi's. Henry Goldfinch, of " The Pihes,". passed away. The deceased lady, who was 79 years of'age and much respected, leaves a husband and five childreu. The masonic lodge-room was the Bcene of great. activity last Friday evening, the occasion being a visit of Grand Lodge officers —the R.W. Deputy Grand Master Sanson* and the R.W. Grand Inspector. After the business was concluded an adjournment was made to the Robin Hood Hotel, where Mrs. Parsons had a bountifully-prepared table laid, aud, supper over, the usual toast-list was gone through. The R.W.B.G. highly eulogized the Master (Bro. J, W. French) for the high standard of efficiency, exhibited by the whole of the office-hearers. About 40 brothers were present. Speak well of. your friend, and of your enemy say nothing. 