BY THE WAY. Once more the thoughtless public have been reminded by proclamation of their religious obligations, and all who liava hitherto forgotten to express their thanks to Providence for the recent bontifonno rains are urged to do so to-day in due form. What these thanks will be worth after having been postponed so long it is some what difficult to estimate, as it may be thought they have got somewhat stale by keeping, though possibly it is better lata than never. Still, if this sort of thing is to be the regular thing in future it will almost be necessary to have an under-secretary for Providence, so that the people may have correct information as to when they are to pray and when to give thanks. It has been argued, for instance, that the Government were guilty of a great dereliction of duty in not ordering tho original humiliation and prayer at least a month earlier, whereby much loss and destruction of life and property, by bushfires and otherwise, might have been avoided, and if a similar thing occurs again it may be made the ground of a motion of want of confidence by the leader of the Opposition. As it is, there is a report that quite a number of contumacious persona have had the audacity to return thanks on their own account without waiting for Government instructions from a ' God fearing Ministry.' o o © Chekchez la Fehiie is no doubt a useful motto in connection with the solution of most mysteries, but to ' find the man ' is in politics sometimes equally important. J ust now the truth of this observation ia being illustrated by the extraordinary anxiety prevailing regarding the manner in which the Agent-General's duties are being performed in London, and as to wliethei Sir Saul Samuel is not getting too old and out of touch with Colonial politics to fill the office satisfactorily. Of course thera are nomembors of Parliament who hanker after tho billet. It is not to be supposed that any of these gentlemen could be per suaded to accept it, however much they might be pressed to violate their inclina tions by doing so. Still there must ba somewhere a dark horse who is thoroughly in touch with politics, and who would be prepared to sacrifice himself by banish ment in London in consideration of tha paltry allowance of .£5664 per annum voted by Parliament. As they say in the pictorial puzzles, ' find the candidate.' o o # It is really wonderful what tehder consciences some people have in regard to the treatment of Criminals so long as they belong to the brute creation. People who can witness all sorts of misery and suiienhg amongst their lellow creatures without turning a hair are perfectly horrified to see a carpet snake in the same cage along with a kangaroo rat or aa opossum, for fear that the liiamtaal should have its nerves upset by the proximity to the ophidian, although as far as ordinary observation goes the creatures are at least as comfortable as two politicians in a coali tion ministry, and probably more so than a Labor member would feel if translated to the Legislative Council. It seems a pity that such a superfluous quantity of the milk of human kindness should be rUhning to waste, but perhaps it is as well that the animals have had the effect of arousing*the sympathy of these gushing persons, whose feelings might have remained dormant had they merely seen human beings in uncom fortable or false positions with uncon* genial or antagonistic companions. On the principle that there is nothing like taking time by the forelock, there is no doubt that the Church of Euglftnd Synod are quite justified in providing means for bowling out any of the clergy Who may be gUiity of ail the offences in the calender, ranging, if iiot from pitch and toss to man slaughter, at all events from heresy and schiStn to (Irilhkenhess and disorderly con duct. As most of those who carried the ' ordinance ' are tliemsolves in holy orders, it may b& &§suiii5d tli at they are the best judges of what is rieoessary in this direction, althoti&lr; it would hardly have done for an outsider to have mooted the Mabtdr. Still, it will be very comforting to know tliafe when one's favorite parson does atiray from tho right path, til fife 16 a Why o£ pulling liiih up and convincing him that the church will not tolerate any little irregularities of the kihd enumerated. PeoplS might hk^e taken this for granted perhaps otherwise, but now it i& officially admitted by the clergy themselves that such thitags Sit-e wrong and punishable their congregations will Feel easier iu their minds that they are nob isiced to take auy risks. «* * * 1'he manner in which the liberty, not to ipeak of the dignity, of members of Parlia nent is being constantly interfered withia urely a menace to the constitution. It was inly last week that three members were lent out ou a rainy night to cool their jolitical enthusiasm, ahd now they have jeeh actually ordered not to smoke in the ibrary. By-and-bye an arbitrary edict vill be issued to the effect that they are lot to swear, or call one another names, or get tight before tea-time, md thus bit by bit the sacred privileges if the people's representatives may ba .mdermined until the whole fabric of Par liamentary instititions may be seriously endangered. It surely argues great for bearance that members have not cluimed the right to smoke iu the Chamber itself, and if such harassing regulations are to be rigorously enforced it will soon become necessary to consider the question of in creasing the annual remuneration. — A.Z 