APSLEY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) May 21. So far the season has been a most favour- able one for grass, and with the exception of a few light ones last week we have had no frost. There is an abundance of green feed for the lambs, a good sprinkling of which are to be seen disporting themselves in the sur- rounding paddocks. In consequence of the rapid increase of foxes, pastoralists in this district are afraid their lambing percent- ages will be somewhat lower than they would otherwise have been. Up to this, I have not been favoured with any reports of the far-famed "Tantanoola tiger." However, one resident of the dis- trict has come to the rescue. A farmer re- siding at Jallakin, about 12 miles from here, who rejoices in the nick-name of "Bush- fire," and whose surname corresponds with that of "the Amazon of Australia," states that whilst wandering through the bush near his homestead a few days ago he espied a tigress accompanied by two cubs. He describes the ferocious animal in much the same fashion as the Tantanoola "tiger" has previously been pictured. I think I can safely claim on behalf of Mr. "Bushfire" that he is the first to discover that the country is being over- run by a horde of large and ferocious Bengal tigers. Although the general election is still a long way off, I think one of the leading questions fought out at the booths will be the advisability of importing elephants and other tiger hunting implements for the de- struction of this fast-increasing pest. On Saturday afternoon a little girl, second daughter of Mr. George Matthews, met with an unfortunate accident. It appears she was with her brother, who was driving a horse and dray near her father's farm, when by some means she fell, the wheel passing over and breaking one of her legs between the knee and the thigh. Dr. McMillan was summoned from Narracoorte as soon as possible, and set the broken member. The patient is progressing as favourably as can be expected, but of course it will be some time before she will be able to get about again. The football season opens here on Friday, when a match will be played on the cricket ground against a team from Edenhope. The visitors will have a good team, and a close game is expected. The locals are as fol- lows:—Jones (captain), D. Breen, P. Breen, Bird, Rowan, Crosbie, Scott, G. Moore, F. Moore, Carracher, Munn, Board, Haines, A. Gray, Taylor, McCallum and W. Wallish. A matoh has been arranged with Narra- coorte on the 1st June, when our boys will cross the border. Our South Australian friends have a strong team, and the usual "tug-o'-war" is anticipated. 