INVENTIONS AND PATENTS. [Compiled for the Chamber of Manufactures, for publication in The Advertiser, by Francis H. Snow, licensed patent agent.] An electric gaslighter and extinguisher, a patented invention of a JMr. White, meter in spector to the Brunswick Gas Co., Melbourne, was subjected lately to a practical test. The invention is very simple and very compact, the machinery occupying but little space. By its use the street lamps of any town can be placed under the control of a person in the gasworks either as a whole or in sections. Taps at the lamps are dispensed with and thus there is no possibility of the light being turned off at any place, as is sometimes done now by mischievous and criminal individuals. The apparatus is placed at the foot of the lamp and can if neces sary be buried under the footway alongside. A lamp about a quarter of a mile from the gas works, fitted with the machinery, was used for the test. It was lit and extinguished several times both from the works and by the mani pulation at the lamp. Some time ago mention was made of a fairly successful attempt to convey telephonic com munication along- an ordinary wire fence. The matter has since' made advances. By order of the Postmaster-General of New South Wales all obstacles to the free use of existing fences for telephonic purposes have been removed, provided that private business only is transacted and that permission to cross public roads is asked beforehand. Then improve ments in the 'system' — if so itcan becalled — have been suggested. Mr. Fosberry, of Wagga Wagga, has invented a simple and cheap insu lator which can be applied readily to the ordinary wire fence. Without such insulation com munication in wet weather is an impossibility, the electricity flowing off along the damp posts. Another invention of Mr. Fosberry is an ingenious device for locating bush-fires, thunderstorms, &c.; This he does in the fol lowing way : — At each end of the wire-fence telephone is a dial set of the cardinal points of the compass, with the degrees marked off, and a pointer swinging over it. A map or plan of the locality, correspondingly marked, is kept at each station or hut, and the bearings of the smoke, say, having been carefully taken at both places, the results are intercommuni cated and the position of the fire pricked off on the maps. With the apparatus of Mr. Fos berry this can be done without expert know ledge ; and as ordinarily the loss of time in locating a fire generally means a great deal his invention should be of value to runholders. A number of stations in Riverina have tele phones connected with their wire fences and make regular use of them in the conduct of their business. Writing on the absorption of odors by milk, Parville relates that if a can of niilk is placed near an open vessel containing turpentine the smell of the turpentine is soon communicated to the milk. The same result occurs as regards tobacco, parafun, asafoetida, camphor, and many other strong smelling substances. Milk should always be kept at a distance from vola tile substances, and when it has been standing in siek chambers should never be drunk. The power of milk to disguise the taste of drugs, as potassium iodide, opium, salicylate, &c;, has frequently been demonstrated. A new form of signal, invented by Mr. A.C. Gordon, of Rochester, is said to have been adopted by the New York, Susquehana, and Western Railroad. The system not only gives the driver warning of a train ahead, but indi cates to him the time that has elapsed since a given signal was passed. Each train sets the signal so as to display a red half disc. This half disc changes for half an hour gradually from red to white, and the relative proportions of the two colors displayed show the driver of the next train the time elapsed between the two trains. At night the signal is illuminated by the headlight of the locomotive. The suc cessive signals indicate to the driver of the following train whether he is gaining or losing on the forward train. Each time a train passes the half -disc changes to a full red. Applications. For week ending March 2, 1895. 3755\. A new or improved gear to be added to gas or other motors for locomotive or other purposes, J. Douglas (provisional). 3756\. An improved illuminating: mantle for Bunsen gas burners, \V. & L. Hooker (provisional). 3757\. Air improved method of and material to be used in saving fine gold froni auriferous tailings or the like, W. Kckersley & R. Langford (provisional). 3758\. Improvements in devices for automatically feeding hay to power chaflcuUing machines, G. W. Bischod & J. F. Martin. 3759\. A new or improved hydro-pneumatic motor, S. J. Smith. 3700\. Improvements in the construction of the undei-carriages of four-wheeled vehicles, H. J. Facey. 3761\. Improvements hi ploughs and cultivators, W. Bartle (provisional). 3762\. Improvements in totalizators, R. !L Macdonald. 3763\. A new method of packing fruit or other perishable articles for export, R. Kirchner (pro visional). 