\-------------------------------------------------- What Our Member is Doing. MR. W. MORGAN, M.L.A., has reeeived the following communications : Government Railways of N.S.W. Secretary's Office, Sydney. 13th September, 1895. Sir, With reference to the petition signed by the resi- dents of portion of Pitt Towa Common, Windsor Road, and vicinity, bearing your endorsement, and requesting that a platform may be erected at a site near, the rail way-gates, midway between Riverstone and Mulgrave-I am directed to in- form you that the matter has had consideration, and the Commissioners regret they cannot not see their way to incur the expendituse that would be involved in providing the accommodation asked for. I have, &c;, H MCLACHLAN, Secretary. Department of Public Instruction, Sydney, Sep- tember 12th, 1895. Sir,-With reference to a letter dated 31st ultimo presented by you from Mr E Collison, renewing his application for the re lease of his daughter Eva from the Industrial School for Girls. Parramatta, I am directed to ac- quaint you that, having caused further inquiry lo be made into this case, and having carefully con- sidered all the circumstances, the Minister of Pub- lic Instruction is fully satisfied that the girl's own interests will be best served by her remaining under State control. Mr Garrard cannot therefore re- commend the girl's release. I have, ). MAYNARD, Under Secretary. Postal and Electric Telegraph Department,. General Post-office, Sydney, 12th September. 1895. Sir,-Referring to the letter dated the 31st ultimo, and forwarded by you from Mr E F Gosper, con- cerning the reports sent in against the manner in which he is carrying out his contract for the con- veyance of mails to and from Comleroy Road and Upper Colo, I am directed by the Postmaster General to inform you that, with a view of com- plying with the request contained in Mr. Gosper's letter of the 3rd instant, to be relieved of his con- tract, it has been decided to invite tenders for the per the performance of the service, for the period from the 16th Next to the 31st December, 1896, or 1897 ; such tenders to be received at this office up to 11 a m. on Monday, the 21st proximo. I have &c;, S. W. LAMBTON, Deputy Postmaster General. Department of Lands. Sydney, 17th Sept, 1895. Sir.- With reference to your letter of the 12th instant, nominating as trustees of the Recreation Reserve at Wilberforce, I have the honor to re- quest that you will be so good as to furnish their occupations, and also the name in full of Mr S J Dunstan. I have, &c;, W. HOUSTON Under Secre- tary. Department of Public Works, Roads and Trustees, Sydney. 16th September, 1895. Sir. In acknowledging the receipts of your letter of the 29th ultimo, I am directed by the Secretary for Public Work to accept the resignation you therein tender on behalf of the Trustees, Messrs J Mason, S Mason, and W Hynds for the road Nelson- Rouse Hill road to Cattai creek and at the same time convey his thanks for their services to the Department. I have, &c; J BARLING, Under Secretary. Department of Lands, Sydney, 17th Sept, 1895. Sir,-I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of yesterday, enclosing communication from Messrs Primrose, Moore, Pearson, and others, of Windsor, asking that scrub be cleared from certain Reserves to prevent danger from bush-fires, and to inform you that the same will receive consideration. I am to add that a further communicatlop will be made to you when a de cisión m ibis case has been given. I baye, ac, WM. HOUSTON, Under-secretary 