Brief Mention. The many claims upon our space compel us to condense our notices of dozens of local functions. We regret to learn that Mr. and Mrs. Henderson, senr., have been seriously ill. The thirteenth annual convention of the W.C.T.U. will be held in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, Sydney, commencing Monday, September 16th, 1895. The orohestra (under Mr. H. G. Burgess) at the M Martin benefit,' comprised — Mr. W. Mating, Misses B. Edwards and L. Greatrex, and Messrs. W. Brayley, J. Finlayson, F. Burgin, H. Tetley, E. Williamson, J. Burgess, A- Leabeater, W. Chambers, and F. Havenhand. The dairymen of Parramatta held a meeting at the School of Arts on Monday to consider thcqucstion of raising the price of milk, owing to the scarcity and high price of feed. An under standing was come to to raise the milk to 5d. per quart, but this is subject to reconsidera tion at a meeting to be held next Monday. The Parramatta butchers recently held two meetings to consider the price at which meat was being retailed, and other matters of interest -wiuuuuue. At u meeting uu j. ucouaj mot it was decided to raise tbe price a Jd per )b. , plrtly in view of the advance occasioned by 1 tlic drought, and partly to prevent under cutting and sale of inferior meat. Another mleting of the trade will be held next week. fiandwiok F. C. beat tbe Wallaroos, the last much of the Rugby season. Barry's splendid kicking from the field 'did the trick.' L. \SKckham played with the losers ; but his knee went, again, during the match. J. Frazer and A. G. played well for R.F.C. A nice painting, by Mr. Farquhar, ison view at Messrs. Giles Brothers', Parramatta. We will notice it, further, next week The Minister for Mines has had under con sideration G.Hawkins' application for a mining lease in Parramatta Park ; but as the Park lands are not auriferous, and the Trustees object to Hawkins and his mine, the matters remain yei unsettled. , A sum of £185 was netted, through the Bazaar, by the Parramatta Wesleyans. Bankstown has been incorporated. Mr. Wellesley A. Parker, who canvassed for the view of Parramatta which appeared in the Iferrurij some years ago, is on the war path with another publication. Johnny Long, a Chinaman, was discovered by the officers of the park on Thursday night lighting fires in various private enclosures in the more frequented part of the park. He was brought before the Bench yesterday (Friday) under the Careless Use of Fire Act and sent enced to one month's imprisonment The last of the season's Patients' dances at the Hospital 'for Insane, Parramatta, took place on Thursday eveuing. A large number ot aancers enioyea memseives. | Mr. Pitt, who suffered so much loss during ! the recent disastrous fires at Kurrajong, is the father of Mr. J. Pitt, of Factory-street, PaTramatta. During the recent bush-fire at North Bocks, Mr. Sonter lost a valuable horse. The animal besides other injuries had its eyes burnt out, and had to be shot. Mr. McKenzie, of North Rocks, has offered £50 reward for information as to who started the fire at North Rocks. Several residents of the north end, near toll bar, have struck splendid water in their gardens, at a depth of about ten feet. Mr. and Mrs. FT. Martin, of Harris Park, residence, Marion-street, on Thursday night. Our Granville sporting sentinel warns us that, of the Granville Borough C.C. members, Mityor Spears, and Simpson, Robillmrd, Jamey, , Robinson, Mitchell, Ellis, andFarrell areshap- | ing well in their various departments. Mr. E. W. Hedgeland, of Canley Vale, has passed, creditably, his formal examination as licensed surveyor.. Rookwood Council has sent on to the man ager of S.M.P. Works a complaint received as to the alleged pollution of Haslem's Creek and sand-filter beds are suggested. Yesterday (Friday) morning a sensational bolt from the northern entrance to the Parra matta Railway Station occurred. Mr. G. Erby's horse (with delivery cart attached) took fright end dashed down Darcy-street, bringing up forcibly at Mr. G. Parkins' engraver's &op; opposite. Mr. Brown, picture-frame maker, who was just outside, had the narrowest of escapes— tbe affrighted animal dashing into the wall only a few inches away. Mr. P. Long intends building for himself a large dwelling in O'ConneU St., Parramatta I North and Mr. Stowe, the architect, is calling for tenders to-day. j A Ball ot/k novel kind, viz., a Masquettfde I Boll, wiltffbfceld in the Albert Hall, Grrifille, I on Friday flext. It will be well worth 6&nng.;* I Granrille True Blue C.C. v. Granville Junior u.u to-aay.— loung, uook, U. Bchrader, A. Gray, Guerin, P. Gray, Brown, Pinnock, M. Burton, Rollins, Ryan, H. Schroder, Jenner. Samuel Brown and James Williams, of Rookwood were each Qned one pound and costs on Friday for using other than air tight carts for removal of offal. The funeral of Mother Theresa (late of the Sanitorium) took place at the Necropolis on Thursday, at mid-day. The Rev. Father O'Reilly, P.P., officiated at the grave ; and several of the deceased lady sisters in religion, and several representatives of the clergy followed her remains to the grave. The funeral ar- rangements were in the hands of Mr. T. Williams, undertaker, Parramatta. Messrs. W. Noller and O. G. Symons, of the Parramatta Rifle Club, go to Brisbane on Monday, and will shoot in the intercolonial match (if they shape well in some minor events). 