A MANCHESTER MAN AT THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN GOLD FIELDS. To COOLGARDIE FROM THE COAST. THE country between this and Perth is, in my opinion, the last that was made, and it does not seem to be finished yet. Imagine the whole of the country a mass of loose red sand, into which you sink at every step, covered with a low tea-scrub and eucalyptus bush, a burning sun overhead, no water, anti myriads of flies (possessed of more energy than merc)), and picture yourself " hoofing it" through that for rzo miles. We left Perth on the 7th November, having deposited our heavy baggage there, and taking with us only a fly (that is, a rec tangular piece of canvas that can be stretched over a ridgepole and used as a tent), a water-bag, a change of clothes, billy, and pannikin. After a long train journey we got to Southern Cross on the 7th, stayed the night there, 'and next morning bought some 'tucker" (tinned meat, bread, tea, and sugar) ; we then made arrangements with a team, paying 05s to them for carrying our swags while we walked alongside-" teaming it" is the correct expression, but they called us " swampers," with the usual adjective prefixed. We set off on the 8th and did o20 miles to Reane's Soak (a soak is a well sunk in soft granite rock, through which a little water soaks), and next day went past some salt lakes to the Government condenser, then on to a soak called the Snake Holes, where I swung myself down to get water for the team, .It is difficult for the average citizen to imagine what it is to have no water and to be obliged to pay 6d per gallon for what y.,u can ge:. 1 must have been a laughable ohj_-ct sitting in the mud, thankfully drinking ditty water out of an old milk-tin ! A tilly of lea, too, is,a. aighty blessing to a thirsty mnan. That night we ramped near a condenser, and in the morning pushed on to Hunt's Dam, where there is a well. Next'day we had a hard march, and arrived at a pub. at mid-nay, where we got salt pork and spuds for as, and; best of all, some ship's lime-juice at is the drink. - We then continued the tramp toe our camp at a Government bore, where there was., no fresh water at all, but just a sandy plain, and a bitterly cold night. Our next stopping- place was B. rabbin, and we ca'pen, a: a condenser, pushing on from there to W.o.,langee, ,here tlhere was plenty of rain-.ater collected in holes in the rocks. Af er one morc.stuop at a condenser, we-had a heavy tramp through loose sand, called "The Devil's Pinch," and my chum got knocked up by.the sun at a bush-pub. I stayed all the'afternoon with him, and had a miserable time, between the intense heat and the fear that he had got a sunstroke. How ever things brightened up, and we two were able to push on when the moon rose, just s-uppin. at a teamster's camp long enough to get a pannikin of tea, and got to our own camp about one o'clock, where we lit a fire and lay down in the bush for a- hour or two, and then we arrived at Coolgardie, where we camped about halfa mile outside the town. I, was a rough tramp, and we were un comnmonly glad when we could write " finis" to it, but, all the same, the track isn't so had as we,were told at Perth to expect, for here we are,- hale .and well, bar having no skin left on our necks. The toughest part was across the sand- plains, where there was only low scrub, and.that mainly scorched by bush- fires. A waterless.country must be ex perienced to be understood, and to value that c'smmtod'ty at its: proper aotth one.must be without it for a spelli and haveto pay from 4d to 6d a gallon. for, it. The first day out I suffered a good deal because I drank too much water, and certainly it is hard, when' one is nearly choking with dust and thirst, to only rinse ihe mouth and not swallow the water. It pays in the end, though. Need less to say, we never got a chance of washing on the track. I don't think the teamsters would even allow a man to buy water to wash in, when it is so scarce; and if they caught ,anyone washing in a soak I- Anyhow, a teamster shot two. aborigines for doing so, and they deserved it, too. I haven't done much washing here either, water being so dear, and- I imagine I must look a very. fair scallywag. At the bush pubs. any drink (temperance or. other wise) is ns the glass,..bar hop beer, which is 6d, the latter beingextremely good ;,but here a man is better even without that. As regards grub, bread is 8d per loaf, jam es 4d per tin, rice 6d per lb., and so on. A lot of fellows live simply on tinned meat and bread, to save trouble-; but I find it doesn't cost any more to vary thines a little, so I get rice, split peas, oatmeal, &c.;, and manufaac ture stews in. a billy, and later on, when I can get a frying pan, other things will.be easy to cook. We have moved a little fur ther into the bush now, and are a trifle more ship- shape, having made a billy rack of the bushes, which are conveniently near. It does not look exactly equal to the tidy plate rack of the conventional "old country" kitchen, but it serves, and we have carpeted the tent neatly with six .or seven sacks. It gets de. cently cool at nights, which is something to be thankful for, as during the day it is any thing b:hit a picnic in this howling wilderness. At the best of times a mining camp is not a Sunday-school, but when there is an absence of water you can imagine, or rather you can't imagine, what it ,is like. I don't wonder the men drink, but it isn't good enough, as, on the lowest grounds, even water is too dear. We went out marketing the other day, and, as I was about sickl of tinned meat, in. vested in a big shin bone of beef, on which, to quote the Elderly Naval Manot " Blabh Ballad " fame, we " wittled free;" the bone was reserved for soup, as we had compressed vegetables and oatmeal. With porridge 'we have two new ingredients, viz, flies and sand. - A fellow and I got "bushed " the other night, and after ploughing round in the dark, tumbling over stumps, &c.;, we gave it up, lit a fire, and lay down under a tree till dawn, when we found ourselves several miles out of our reckoning; and again coming home I got caugtlt first In a " willy-nilly" (a' dust; storm) then in a thunderstorm, and had to take refuge in another mants tent, which was fortunately near, and never'reached my own' " vine and fig tree" till midnight. It is par. ticularly easy to lose yourself in this bush, and it is no earthly good asking your way at any of the tents, as no one knows his neighbours. For the town itself, imagine first of all a sandy desert, sparsely clothed with scrub; picture one broad street about .400 yards long, crossed by two others, and there you have Coolgardie township. For a couple of miles round the country is dotted with tents of different styles. In the town, the more .retentious buildings, such as banks, etc., are made of seather-board and corrugated iron, the more bumble being of canvas. The blocks behind the streets are better imagined than described, and well account for the dysentery, low fever, and typhoid that are raking the place fore and aft. Coolgardie, as a gold-field, has just been over-boomed, and many a shareholder will freely curse the name olf thie place. There is gold here, but nowater. I don't thing the place will ever nucceed, but there is money to be muade even now, though we are a full year too soon and are doing the pioneering. It is very hot here now, being 92deg. to 98deg. in the shade, and we must all look a bright lot, tanned by the sun, unshaven, ard covered with red dust, and no coats or stockings bare arms, etc., is the general costume, though at night something warm is welcome. I was talking to a chemist-having wandered to his place for some vaseline-and, pointing to a row of feeding-bottles on the shelf, said : " It's a case of lookine forward, stocking those things now, isn't it ?' - "Oh, dear, no!" he replied. "There are fully half-a-dozen babies on the field." Poor little beggars I It is hard graft enough for us men ; but how women ahd kiddies stand it, I don't know. I never saw so many ants and flies in all asy life as there are here. I wear a fly-net over my hat, but I can't wear :-an ant-net. Our tent is just black with the latter insects, and when one of us arises quickly, plunges outside with strong language, and' starts peeling off his rage as if he were in a hurr', it is .merely a sign that a prospecting party of ants are up his leg or down his beck I The other night we lit a fire arid were. lying down by it; well, within a very short'-time we killed eight or nine big beetles (about 2in. long), four or five big spiders, any amount of sergeant ants (big 'uns that bite like sin), just missed two whacking scorpions that came paddling up for a chat, and-went to bed I With the daily practice, I amn getting really an excellent chef, and now that w: are n trifle short I am particularly proud of myself; for instance, in the mornings I make a big billy of porridge, which we consume with golden syrup, and the follow ing triumphs of culinary art have arpeared in our menu pretty frequently : Fried steak, stew (made with beef -steak, split-peas, oat meal, and rice), slap-jacks of 3?b fl.,ur and wolfed with treacle, and 3ib of boiled rice divided into two parts, one of ?hich I fettled up as savoury-rice, the other half serving as pudding, with the addition of a little stewed apple. Given a frying-pan, orie or two billies, a fire, and the materials. aforesaid, I don't think many' amateur cooks have done better, and, under the circumstances, I con sider my vanity very venial. I can tell you that when water has to be brought, it is very little plate-washing that is done ; a handful of wood ashes and a knife are about our lay, but then we don't do much washing anyway. It is a curious thing here, that you can leave your tent and go away for two or three days, and nothing will be stolen. It is digger law that a man's tent is sacred. There is- -a lot of good-fellowship and kindness among the diggers proper, and taken all round they are a very decent lot indeed. Chum and I, a fellow from Barton, and a Newcastle man were sitting cross- legged in the dust in Bayley-street discussing the situation. We were down to about 45, and the others to the bed-rock,. and no wo'k; then my chum got a.berth in.a soft-drink store as a waiter at 3os a week and his tucker, and the Barton chtap- tumbled into another jib, so that was all right, and I fled s'iftly and spent 6d reck lessly in baccy I-NN xt day I discovered J- , who had been camping here for a week, but having br en up country'for some time had not known of my arrival ; so I shi!ted my traps to his stnt, and .mighty glad he was to .ee me. too. He is as dead-broke as I, so we are g.ing to try and raise a few pounds to get tools and so on, preparatory to go:ng out an! trying to claw some gold tog-thter to carry on the war. , We spent the first Sunday in Advent in our tent, mending and making things. An old table-knife fied. to a point,- the sheath made out of some copper wire, and an old strap is tied, hitched on to my belt, and I made a p:uch out rf a derelict water- bag. I found a butcher, and having got a slab of melt and bones for is marched triumphantly up to camp, cut the chops off-and fried them, and .then with a luitp. of ironstone broke up the bones and boiled'themn down for soup, made a billy of rice and abother of apples, while J- made some-joihny cakes on the ashes, and then we had a-rnyal spread. A man gets an awful teaalrinker in this country; at breakfast and tea' we make a half-gallon -billy of tea, and empty it each time. The biggest -wash I have had lately was half a bucket of water a fortnight' ago, and I have had none to speak of since. Wheu J-- was.nut it started to rain," so he soaped himself all over, sloped nut and started to run about in order to get:-the soap washed off -..Toe rain stopped -.arnd he hadn't any more waitr; then he got caked up with- the mud, and never had . show to wash himtself for ten days. If it were pns :ible to sell flies at Id each I sh'otld siee-?hly realise .a fortune. They are bhiirig (rid I mean bitirng, not crawling) me. a ll oser at present; when they take it and. go. I din't mind, but they get at one's eyes and then you get what is called " buug .e;" and there you are I A few miniites ago we wanted isome'water; the bags wee empty, and we iere :.oo iazy to put on our clothes and walk down to the condersesi .so'J-- sailed imlu ti get the soup tirlyoff the -fire, and the sand r.oiside burnt his feet (you can im-agine by tibt, what the sun'is hke). Well, we dranik 'he soup, and then he gravely settled down aind read a receipt book on pies and ices.-Tit Bits, A day's racing will be held at.Burrowa on Queeo's Birthday. The followinag ar?e the weights for the Birthday Ha:dicap.---Mr. M. Corcoran's blk g Othello, aged, 8s° zolb; Mr. - Webster's ch g Fitzavenal, 8st 4 b; Mr., M. I:r rcoran's br g Gladia;or. aged, 75t alib; Mr. P Nash's b m Lottie, 4 years, Tat raio; Mr-. Rowering's b g Mastertop, .5 year, 75t.21b; Mr. J J. -Hugbson's br h Young Rapid 6s- s13li. i , At the Bo ral Police Court, last week William Gill was sentenced to at days and one month to Goulburn Gaol 6 1,two charges of larceny.: He was also corimilted for trial at the next Guulburn Quarter ?Sessi',se ,ont 23rd July on a charge ot ireaking and inter ing and stealing. ý Mrs. Alfrida Allf'iHee was also committed for trial at Goulbuirn bnri a charge of havitn received esosmue of" the property. , . Single meetings in' the estates" of Jmes Nowlan, cdrdial 'manuflacturer, .and Siuton Peter Hunt, labourer, will be held at Goulburn on Thursday,. 3th Junei ' Impounded. at Laggan, on 7ih'day of'May, from Reedy Creek, by arder , Cyit. ' D. Hay; sum due at date (It ,entice, t4 ;61 ';-:-)ak brown horse, like WY over co' nesirsljouilder, small.star, shod all round, scar ann hack from saddle, aged, a53 hands. Wiil,.: iold' ot 3oth May. The Hungarian of three centuriyp ago was entitled to wear one feather in 'his cap for every 'lTurk he kilhed, hence tbe, phrase in common use among us The Walcha (N SW) pap"r stasles that a young man of that town adverti?ed for.a wife under an assumed name. Next 'morning he received an offer of marriage fromt his sister. The Island of Lona belongs 'to theDuke of Argyle, and it is said that he allows no one there to keep a publihe house. Consequently, although several I:undred people..live on the island, hthre is not a policemanaamong them. The nearest public bou:e and the nearest policeman are some five or six miles away. Nothing more delicious, or better for Children, than Aisror''s Mrx Anaiowaaoor BIaureaa. 