IH BPP£K CAMADA I Bx BKBX SAYERS.] , i-« FROM Ottawa to Eut Templeton!" . So read my ticket ; and as I sat in the iaat express;-being whirled past miles of open country and leaving O eta wa \- *iae in the distance, the thought came v ¿to me that,' should the spirit of some old Canadian mountaineer of the 18th . -century return to earth, it would find Jew spots in its earthly hunting ground unchanged. The advance of money aooving, speculative Canadians has materially changed the character of «he population of the laurentian . Mountains, and changed it for the ' better, too, if one calls a replacement -of contented ignorance and thrif tless ness by thrift and discontented \- intelligence a betterment of a land's condition. The country through which we pass is picturesque ; yet it does not appear -lio its full advantage as we hurry through the -hamlets on 'the prosaic ' -railway car instead of on the old coach ~ üutwas used only a few years back. For myself, at any rate, I feel that I am keeping pace right with the times, \--travelling in this more prosaic manner ; dor romance everywhere gives way to the, commonplace sooner or later. I ' had thought of stopping at Buckingham to view the Falls there, but, hearing so much of the beauties of the Templeton ; hackwoodH and of the hospitality of . the u king" : of that region, I had "Changed my mind, and afterwards did -.not regret I had done so. v- A drive from the railway terminus np a very rough but picturesque road, and we are at a splendidly-built stone ? .mansion, nestling against a very f - Tugged hillside, and, as we^hall find, possessed of every modern convenience ??'.-isolated away here in the backwoods .«of Canada, in a basin of hills, and surrounded by the Laurentian Moun ~-. tams, which rise range bey ond range as ~=far as the eye can reach The ..-appearance of the. whole neighborhood /ia so thoroughly Swiss like that one atada ^oneself looking around for the ¿. guides with their alpenstocks. This is %the palatial residence of Mr. L. K. r M'Laurin, "The Mica King," whose ' mines I had come to see. Mr. M'Laurin owns some thousands of acres of.. land in the; surrounding districts,.most of it«nnder cultivation ; and the buildings, mschinary, and \- -other modern cultivation, conveniences arevnf the best. He is (as they say in ^Scotland) " a man of wecht " in every . sense of the word ; and if any traveller \- should chance this way, he will find . that; although many miles from the nearest centre of civilisation, he will ' fae treated with so much hospitality by host and hostess that he will be in no greao hurry to get away. We are soon on the roed to the largest of the mines, passing, for about 18 miles, behind a pair of as good rhones aa they need to be, shoat the . Toughest country I have anywhere \- naen. Here and. there : are grouped a few huts; whilst blackened ram spikes or stamps everywhere around .remind one of the terrible ravages of -dreaded bush-fires. The mine ta which we are bound was in its day the 'largest phosphate yielder in. the world; many thousands of tons were shipped to England by the owner, who reaped a rich harvest from it. In those days the'presence of mica, intermixed with the phosphate, was \- their chief trouble. The value of mica (20 years ago) - was £1 a ton; to-day, if ib be of a certain size and class, it I will fetch as much as £1000 a ton. In the old days hereabouts it was used to make roads, to fill up old excavations, and for. other such purposes-for / anything, in short, so long as it was , got rid of. One miner had picked v -out some of the larger pieces and had roofed his house with them. To-day -. 'Mr. M'Laurin has 90 men.tarning over .'. the old phosphate dumps that were : made 20 years back, picking out the mica that was then discarded. The jnine and . district are now. called Í . « Mica Ville." It wis here, too, that V 3 saw one of the largest flames in the world, used for conveying timber to , -themine by water; but of this I must . speak at another time. Leaving the mine, a drive of a mile _ brings us to a series - of lakes of such fteauty-as I have never seen before. "The-water sparkled like a mammoth ^ jewel set in these green hills. A \- residence in Broken Hill qualifies one : ^to appreciate the plentifulness of "water; here. - These lakes abound in r fish, and the surrounding woods con . "tain gameof almost every kind--from bears and deer down to rabbit. -.Thatnight I first fraternised with .the "habitants," as the people of the surrounding country are called. They 'are all French or of French extraction, . and live a regalar humdrum life. Any man pot speaking their mongrel French is at a great disadvantage among them! Naturally the first - thing a person -comes in contact with here ia the air. ' And it is a pleasing contact, too, at ; Mica Ville. The air in these moun- tains is rare. lu Broken. Hill it is ^farely too well done.. :Thia atmos^ phere exhilarate*,- The risi tor soi: prises himself; wonders that he can walk JO much farther without tiring than he can ic the towns. Walking is the chief mode of locomotion of these people. Their "heelless" shoes or mocassins are designed for hard service among the rocks. As to their dwelling places, nothing at all flatter- ing can be said. Hospitality here, nevertheless, is as plentiful as dost on the Barrier; bat when it is to be "shared in a native cabin, a little of it goes a long way. The cabins are usually built of logs, dove-tailed together, the intervening cracks being filled with. mad. Enough clay is missing in summer to allow of plenty of entrances and exits for the cats and dogs that share the comforts of the cabins. The face burning, back-freezing fireplace has not yet been replaced by the modern stove to any noticeable degree. The smoke is conveyed through huge rude chimneys running up one end of the cabin; the chimneys are so' massive that they may be taken for supports for the ramshakle huts to which they are supplements. A single glance into the interior of an average cabin would suffice one used to the commoner luxuries of life. The room-and there is seldom more than one, though the household may number a dozen-is almost devoid of ornaments, unless one may regard pieces of dried pork hanging from the rafters as such. Perhaps a bed or so composed of boards, a couple of home- made chairs that almost break a person's back, and a table compose the furniture. The daughters, when they reach the age of 16, have one aim in life, and that is tc marry. When married, unremitting attention is devoted ? to the physical develop- ment of the boys and girls ; so the future of the race alfords mach scope for tie pessimist ! I was invited to a dance at one ot the cabins, and, being in quest of adventure, I " took it in." The dancing space was certainly not overcrowded with furniture. First of all, one of the "habitants" regaled os with a species of hornpipe, and danced on one board, and that right in the middle of the floor, and very shaky. Whether it had been rendered loose by a freqaent repetition of this act history, does not relate, and courtesy did not allow the question ; but in all probability it was BO. The music was furnished by a brother artist, and was more rhythmic than tuneful. It was produced by a one- man orchestra,: rattling with fingers upon an empty cigar box. The effect was something lille castanets, and ¡ formed quite a suitable accompaniment to the double-shuffle of the dancers. They have no conception whatever of the round dances, only a form of native quadrille. Their chief article of diet is salt or dried pork. Some do not see fresh meat once in 12 months. Tet they seem quite contented to lead this hermit existence. They work 10 hours a day for wages ranging from £2 to £3 5s. per month and their board. Mr.M'Laurintold me that he averaged their board and lodging at ea. 6d. per week. On the banks of one of the lakes heie is a large monastic house, occupied by about 70 Catholic priests. Here I got my first birch-bark canoe ride. A delightful experience it was; gliding over the still waters, and looking down into the seemingly interminable depths, which reflected the over-hanging foliage ; listening to the unfamiliar sounds of bird and insect life which filled the air, and finding it\ not difficult to picture to oneself the days, not so long ago, when the Indians held undisputed sway over this country, and glided as peace- fully over the same waters as now I did. Ottawa, January 30. 