f:. THE TELEGRAPHIC IN-1 &, TERRUPTIONS. f| , THE MINISTER AND ' THE POST! &}\ '" . MASTER GENERAL. $*~ ¡\ AN INTERVIEW. .'»' \, . The advent of a new member of the Si "Oábinet to the head of the Post and Tele / , graph Department preeeded by a very short 5- ^ime the greatest outcry which has. probably í -«ver been made against the Department. Not that it is thought for a moment that the transfer of the Department from Sir John ? Torrest to Mr. Wittenoom has had any effect : -'ia causing the agitation, but never before in the history of the colony has so muoh de-. ^~ pended on the efficiency of the telegraph ; , -.?jatea. Always an important factor in the r~ progresa of the country, it has until the , -~ recent development of the goldfields.been used I stoat largely for local business. The great ,r «proportion of intercolonial work whioh the .^"^Ucovery of the Murohison and especially of , ^ Coolgardie has induoed wa« scarcely dreamed of a few years ago. The limited hourB were quite sufficient for the business whioh hadthentobetran&aoted.; Instead of remain ing open until ten p.m., as is done in ,' ^ the other colonies by towns a quarter the sire cjoi Perth, the office here nominally doses at '' ''"seven, although it is long past that hour before the, operators have run through the file " of messages waiting for transmission. Many have been the complaints of visitors j, ,_ to the cotbny, who, naturally, expecting a aimiUr practice to that prevailing in tbè'sister States, have been disappointed in their desire .? ' to lodge important . communications after ?even o'clock. This is, however, only an instanoe of the need for advancement with whioh in this ease it should not be difficult to """" keep abreast. With the inefficiency of the \- wires, due to old age or detrimental olimatio L t conditions, and witt the inorease of business, y v , over * limited number of wires, it is not bo ,easy to cope. The Cabinet have possibly been taken by surprise by the rapid growth of ? wthe oolony, and have not been altogether '. prepared to provide facilities adequate to the ' rapidly increasing requirements. Still.it must "'not be thought that the Ministerial or Depart- mental heads have' eat idly in their offices * " allowing things to go from bad to worse. During the short time that Mr. Wittenoom has been in office he has been anxious to improve the efficiency of the Telegraph ''-, Department. " The editorof one of the gold- fields papers waited en me a week ago," declared the Minister, " and he told me that the impression whioh existed on the field waa that Mr. Sholl and myeelf simply sat in our offices and did nothing. As a matter ef fact, we have been daily considering and consult- ing on the cause of the complaints, but they -. cannot all be remedied in a day, or in a week." ' The foregoing statement waa made toa representative of this journal who had waited ' «ox Mr. Wittenoom with the object of obtain . w-.-.iog. some explanations in regard to tibie ^ telegraph interruptions, and the remedial measures it was proposed to adopt. For , "" tunately he found the Minister and the Post- master-General oloseted together, and having stated the reason for his visit his task was jnade easier by the ready answer of Mr. , Wittenoom, " We have just been talking the .matter over together, and we shall,be glad to give you any information you require." The first question referred to the con í dition of the Eucla line. " Is it a fact that the line has been starved," asked the inter I viewer, '. that it has been so neglected that it Is only half its original weight and size, that Ita power of conductivity has not only been Impaired by the oxidising influence of the salt sea air but that the Bait enorustations actually ' resist the eleotrio current. « No," replied Mr. Sholl, "that can hardly he. If it were so the line would have had to , ; come down before this. I believe that the ( line is one of the best oared for in the oolony, v . the station masters indeed taking a great pride in it" < , ?. - " My experience," added Mr. Wittenoom, \- *cin regard to wires, has beensomewhat exten , sive. I lave fences approaching the sea . coast in the north-some of them have , t aotually gone into the sea-and I can tell you ? . this: that the salt and moisture corrodes the ( wires if they be of steel, and causes them, to \ ' , break. Even the galvanised iron wire will not withstand the action of the saline atmos \ phere." , . '. ..... " There is a part of the Eucla line near the ' ..' - coast," said' Mr. Sholl, " whioh had to be ' taken down and replaced by a, copper wire. That waa several years ago." "And is the copper proof against the moist sea airP" was asked. "Yes," replied Mr. Sholl, "it is almost ^ impervious ; but the cost of the wire is so «rea*" t " The announcement is made in. the morn- ing's paper," tentatively said the interviewer, "" that the Government intend carrying a wire from Coolgardie to Dundas, thence to Esper- ance." " Tea/* said' Mr. Wittenoom, " we deoided that should bedone, as it will relie ve the local lines by carrying all the messages to Coolgi»-. -,S[, , die from the other colonies direct from Esper- ance, and whilst these messages are being transmitted the lines between Perth and ' Coolgardie will be free for the transmission of telegrams from the city to the goldfields. So we'will have a double section, as it were." \ " This will hardly be a cure for the effects of the detrimental olimatio conditions wbioh operate at present on the Euola line, and wül not the ' blocks ' be as freqaenfc as beforef" , queried the reporter. " If the blocks occur this side of Espér- anos," answered the Minister, "we shall bave an alternative route, and the people in the other colonies will still be able to communi- cate both with Perth and Coolgardie." " This must not then be taken as a part of the proposed inland' intercolonial line," con- cluded tho interviewer. "It will form the statt of it," said the Post- master-General. " That is hardly the intention of the Cabinet," corrected the Minister. "The ' question is to come before tbe PaBtal Confer- ence shortly, and it is rather to be regretted that neither Mr. Sholl nor myeelf have been <? < nble to attend that: meeting. Bat the '* ' Premier is seized of the faots of the oase, and f he will, ro doubt, do ? all that is pos- sible. The matter will come before the Conference for coe sid« ration. The quest . ' tion is now before the public in its v«trorg t-t aspect. The people of the other Ooloni'S see that» we are ltbouriag under difficnltfeö. "It is they who largely benefit by ' the duplication of the linea, as they have a very large ehare of the business with na. We want to find out how far they are willi r.g to help na. It is really an Australasian matter. Once the other colonies bave decided to what ex- tent they will come to our assistance the ' -iquesiio» of the >ou*e will then be considered. 1 ¿It isth. n quite ppatible, a«. Mr. Sholl says, i that Th« liceiwbich we'have decided to eréot ~ir^|Ç5E^o^"wiUforïn;the first section of tie . ^ stew intiioloniall.no. ; We will haré that * ^jaoeh to ^^vp^^^^^^^^'^yî^^ **? tonte which has been suggested is direct from Kurnalpi to Frassr's Range and then on to Eucla," stud the reportar. " It is said that there is plenty of water along that line." h ** There is the ¿rest difficulty," said Mr. Sholl/-! thati it ia new oountry. It is impossible tócarryon'.withoTltwater. Weare labour- ing for want of that at present. The water has been stolen along the Eucla line. The country waa .never so dry before. At the end of the summer we are having frequent bushfires and we are at a great disadvaatage.'* "There" are also'complaints about the Southern Cross-Coolgardie line. It is said that before the last pole was erected the first had been eaten by white antsf" "The line is in a bad condition," admitted the Postmaster-GèneraL "I refused to take it over at first, but I was virtually forced to do so by the necessities of business, and I aooepted it as a temporary expedient." u It ia my intention to visit Cool- gardie in the course of a few days, " said Mr. Wittenoom " and I will have a good look at it. Mr. Venn has been asked to allow a wire to be pat up along the railway line and has consented. I shall also do the utmost I ean to get increased ac- commodation for the offioers at Coolgardie. There will, it would seem, have to be another line to Coolgardie, and as I eaid, it will run along the railway.1* " There is also the new alternative route frbm Albany and Broomehill and Perth. This will give additional security and will relieve the looa! oountry traffic, so that the metro- politan lines will have somewhat less work to do. We are trying" concluded Mr. Wittenoom " to1 do all we oan. We are folly alive to the state of the fines, but we are helpless in certain oases. I think that we make the best nae that ia possible of the material we have at our command. I have read a great deal of the correspondence whioh has appeared in your papir and several of the country journals, and in many caseB what has been said is absolutely correct, and Mr. Sholl haa told me, is wiitte > by men who are well acquainted with the subject of which they are treating. We are not above taking a suggestion, wherever it coi»« from, if it has anything in it to recommend it. I may say we adopted the recommendation whioh appeared, I think, in the West Aus- tralian, to refure the acceptance of urgent telegrams until after the block bad been dis- sipated, and we are trying to obtain the services of tbe best man possible to inspect the lines. That was resolved upon tea days ago, bnt we have not yet been able to make tbe appointment. We hope to be able to conquer all the difficulties whioh at present beset us, but that is a work of time and money. Much will depend on the decisions of tike Postal Conference, and possibly tbe interruptions occurring at this particular juncture may after all prove a hidden blessing, or at any rate an evil from whioh much good may result for the benefit of the colony and probably for the whole of Australia." 