Blacktowa Hews. (BY OUR OWN OORBESPONDENT.) Mr. Boland Carr, who has been unwell for some days, is again convalescent. The gratuitous services of a practical floriculturist and horticulturist hafl been secured in connection with the public Bchool gardening operations. One of our prominent bachelors is shortly going, to join the benediots. We wish him well. There are a few others round who might take a beneficial lesson from Tremayne Dunstan's lecture to men only, and go and do likewise. The nurserymen are kept very busy thiB month. Many sufferers from the late frosts are replacing the citrus fruits with summer fruit. It is the opinion of many that the growth of citrus fruits, except on very high ground, is quite a thing of the past in this distriot. The dry weather still continues, and bush fires are raging in all directions. A very lively fire swept through Hall's bush on Sunday last, burning everything before it. Another fire swept through Messrs; Phillip and John Pearse's, destroying a lot of fence, thence into Messrs. Pye and Oaks' property. The Oelestials turned out strong with their huge watering cans and did good work in playing water on the burning fences. The usual C. E. T. S. meeting was held in the Hall on Thursday evening last, Mr. George Lalor occupied the Ohair. The proceedings were of an unusually lively character, the excitement being caused by the presentation of a petition drawn up by the Juveniles, bearing some Bcore of signatures, asking that the question of the annual celebration be discussed again, and that the decision arrived at laBt meeting, viz :-To substitute a concert for the tea fight and concert be revoked. There was some plain speaking indulged in, and some assertions audible though not addressed to the Ohair, which would have been better unsaid. A vote was taken, and the Ohairman declared those in favour of the concert only again victorious. The juveniles are far from satisfied at the decision, and in fact have the hearty sympathhy of several of the adults. Not withstanding the amount of time taken in the above disoussion, a little harmony was indulged in, Messrs. Welch and Leggatt, Misses Haughton and Bennett, contributing songs, whilst Messrs. Vick, White, Wellgrd, and Nicholson gave readings and recitations. 