NEWS OF THE DAY. More rain is wanted in the mallee, to pre pare the ground for ploughing. The earnings of the Queensland railways for March show a net increase of £15,070 -on March of last year. The Premier has arrived at the conclusion fHat further retrenchment is the only way by which be can square the finances. ~.The barque Phillis, folly equipped for a IQ months’ whaling cruise, sailed from Syd ney yesterday. Sperm whale will be chiefly sought for. Sir Maurice O’Rorke, Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives, says the policy of imposing a time limit npou mem bers has proved a decided success. The Maryborough Stock Exchange is moving kindred bodies to object to the pro posal to 'increase the cost of telegrams from fid tofl.l. B The Castlemaine Mining Board has been informed by the Lands Department that no funds are available for rabbit extermination on the commons, Aa tile American barque 2ania was making her way/towards Sydney from New York on Monday a seaman nomed Walter Leonard fell overboard and was drowned, in spite of every effort that was made to save him. - 'A married .woman named : Mary Johnson died in the: Brisbane hospitaler, Sunday while undergoing an operation under chloro form. George Marshall, aged 34, a publican living at Coalville, on Friday last swallowed a handful of strychnine (enough to kill a dozen men], and then drank a glass of water. Death was very rapid. The Londnn limts in an article on the finances of the Australian colonies, states that the revenue returns of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland show satisfac tory signs of a financial revival. Henry Oakley, a well-known Warrnam bool fruiterer, died suddenly on Saturday night. He had put up the shutters of his shop, when his daughters heard him fall to the ground. He expired in a few minutes. A deplorable state of affairs exists at Wyalong (N.S.W.), owing to the want of water. Only one battery is at work, and drinking water is very scarce. The Queensland Government has granted the'Warrego Rabbit Board a loan 0f£13,750, repayable in three years, with the object of erecting barrier proof fences in the sonthern portion of the district. An old resident of Amphitheatre named Harvey, aged 63'years, fell dead in his pad dodk from over-exhaustion whilst endeavor ingito beat out a bush-fire on Sunday. W.iH'am Armstrong, owner of the Hexham Park, Estate, died on Monday. He was one of the*best known breeders of Lincoln sheep in Victoria, and at one time lived at Balla rat, A consignment of hotter, cheese, bacon and potatoes has been sent from Werrnara bool to Sonth Africa in order to open up new trade. Potatoes are at present worth only 10a per ton, but in Cape Colony £l3 per ton can be obtained for them. The total number of deaths in Melbourne for the year 1894 was 996, as against 1155 in 1893, or, allowing for the decrease in population, a ratio of 15 2 per 1000 os com pared with 16 8 per 1000 in 1893. Considerable diffioaltyjs being experienced in persuading women who were enfranchised in South Australia under the Adnlt Suffrage Act of last year to register their votes. Mrs Slow, wife of the atationmaster at Port Pirie (S.A.), was so injured by a baggy accident on Sunday afternoon that she died next morning. The Rev, H. R. Haweis, an eminent Anglican divine, who is under contract to Mr Smythe for a lecturing toar in Australia, arrived at Sydney by the Miowera on Sun day. A proposal is to bs made to the' Govern- • ment to establish a village settlement with in 20 miles of Melbourne nr some other large centre, so that settlers may get a little work to keep the family pot boiling while their holiday are unproductive.. The Minister of Agriculture has de termined to allow the bonne for honey tn be paid on tins containing less than 561 b, which was the first proposed minimum. Heavy floods have occurred in Queens land, involving considerable injmy to pro perty, and some loss of life. The rice crop and banana plantations oh the Barron River suffered severely. Telegrams from New York state that Mr Cleveland has declined to be nominated for a third term of office as President of the United States. The Earl of Lytton, a grandson of the celebrated novelist, is a passenger by the R.M.S. Orotava, which has sailed for Aus tralia, His lordship will make a tour through the Australian colonies. : Having very nearly completed the light ing of the streets of Melbourne with electricity, the city council is about to exercise the powers of the private companies and supply their illnminant to the buildings in the city. There is no prospect now of any colonial military officer accompanying the British ex pedition into the Chitral country, as the - Home authorities point ont that he could not possibly reach the seat of trouble before everything is settled. It is probable that before lons an effort will be made to have the Village Settle ments Act amended in several cUnses, and the administration of. it conducted on lines diffeiing widely from the policy of the past. It has been decided by the Minister of Agriculture to continue the bonus for flax, honey, and oil seeds for a farther period of 12 months. - They were to have expired at the end of June of the present year. Public bodies who intend protesting against grants nr votes being cat down may Save themselves the trouble of waiting on the Premier. He explained on Monday that he did not intend to abolish any vote unless he saw good reason for it, and having onoe made up his mind that a grant ought to be cut down, no representation that might be made to him would alter 'that deter mination.. A man named Arthur Goldsworthy, 26 years of age, was riding on the road about two miles from Rotherglen on Saturday when his horse bolted and collided with a tree, literally shattering the rider’s head. Nat. Vick, a well-known Harcoart cricketer, while leading a horse on the Bendigo road between Harcourt and Ravens wood on Saturday night, was run into by a rabbit-trapper in a cart. Tick and hie horse were knocked down.. Vick had hie right band.bcoken in two places by a kick frnrit tho. horss nf the rabbit-trapper, who afterwards viciously assaulted and disabled him. An Englishman living in Japan writes cautioning Melbourne merchants against en deavoring to open up trade with that oonntry unless under-very strict guarantees of pay ment, He thinks any trade between Japan and Australia for another generation or two . would be all in favor of the Japanese. A cottage owned and occupied by Mr M’Evny, a Government emploj 6 on the main irrigation channel at Murchison, was com pletely destroyed by fire early on Friday morning. M’Evoy was attending tn a sick child, and was snatching a little rest when a lamp exploded, and in a few minutes the house and . contents were consumed. Mrs M’Evoy and the children had barely time to escape with their lives. The Bishop of Melanesia says that the Kanaka traffic “.supplies a good outlet for bad characters from the islands. If a man is thoroughly troublesome his kinsfolk will ship him.off oa board a labor schooner, and on Christian Island if a native commits a serious breachi.p.f the law they judge that he should not be killed himself, bat sent to Queensland,/” 