SOIIABY. In his will the late John B. Wilson, head master of the Gcelong Church oi England Grammar School, makes sovcrnl strange stipulations. Ho desires to be anatomically examined, then to be bnrned or buried, or both, the whole business not to cost mora than £10. A safe belonging to tho Silverton Tram way Co., Broken Hill, was carted away iroin tho office by robbers and £4 17s ab stracted. The robbers took tho horse and dray from an adjoining stable. A burglary took placo early yesterday morning ic the post and telegraph office at Bichmond, tho booty being £120 abstracted from the safe, A girl named Emiiy Richards died in the Albury Hospital from anthrax communi cated by flies. A Chinaman named Quong Poy, who was admitted to Sydney Hospilal yesterday, stated that ho was assaulted by three men in Goulburn- stracc. James Henderson, ot Franklin-piace, Glebo, was injured in a collision between his cab and a van yesterday. Alfred George Mating and Harriet Stitch- bury, while riding in a sulky yesterday, came into collision with a 'bus, but we're not seriously injured. The steamer Karawera, on the voyage up the coast, passed for a mile through a school of fish as largo as sohnapper. Last week £1323 was paid in probate duty. The Premier of Queensland has almost recovered from his recent severe illness. A diver named Grant, working on a dredge at Townsviile (Q.), died whilo under Water on Saturday. John Dunstan, u Perth (W.A.) contrac tor, was yesterday fined £250 for having uncustomed spirits in his possession. _ A resolution was carried by a meeting oi licensed victuallers, held in Newcastle yes terday, to the effect that raihvuy refresh ment rooms should be restricted in the sale of liquor. It was also decided to ask the Premier to bring in a bill to amend the Licensing Act, nnd in the event of his refusing to entrust the measure to a private member. Tho Newcastle licensed victuallers re solved further that the extension of the franchise to women would prove disadvan tageous to them. Lord and Lady Hampden will be at Sut ton Forest for Christmas. Dr. llarauo, Consul ior Italy, has re turned to Sydney, and will resume his duties to-irorrow. The report of the Coal Minoa Commission- will probably be laid before Parliament this , Week. Yet another unemployed deputation to too Mr. Reid to-day. . Those deputations lire paiufuily frequent. Charlee Eason, 30, fell down a 140ft. haft at Mnlgunnia, and was killed in stantly. The extreme heat yesterday caused a number of bush-fires ir. country districts. A lad named Joseph Milier was killed at Tenterfield by his horse rolling over him twice, fracturing his skull and ribs. A son of Mr. James Harrison, selector, at tTocamwal, was thrown out of u buggy, and bad both wrists fraoturod. From Abyssinia the news comes that 100,000 Shoes are marching on Adowa, the capital of Tigre, where the Italians are act- tug DO (Uc UoiVQalVt;, A national subscription is being raised in Italy to dqiray the cost of the Italian cam paign in Abyssinia. A fight has been arranged between Peter Maher, tho Irish champion pugiliBt, and Bob Fitzsimmons, the Australian pugilist, for a purse of lOOOdol. General Booth is skirmishing around in the Perth (W.A.) district with the object of meeting the public men of that colony. William Stronach and John Forsyth were capsized in Auckland harbour yesterday and drowned. Since July 1 there has been a falling off of £4750 in the revenue, Roberts' is the best place to buy Wines and Spirits for Christma's. Tho breach of promise case Eva Parry, widow, v. the executors of the late South well Coultas felt through in the Melbourne Court yesterday. Mrs. Parry wanted £500 for damaged affections, but when the moment came to enforce the claim in court her heart faiiod her, and as ahe didn't appear the case was struck oat. - Thanks to opportune rains the Victorian crops are coming on splendidly, and the Wheat harvest seems a certain success. Edlinuer's Vienna Cafe, Melbourno, was on Sunday night burgled to the extent of £127. Corn well's Mait Extract recommended by all doctors. A big offer Is reported to hove been made by the President of Poru for two Chilian portB. If the Italian position in Abyssinia is en dangered by tho Shoas tho British troops at Saakim will assist them. A man named John M'Dermott was fined £100 at Perth on Friday for keeping an il licit stiil. The Premier oi W.A. laid the foundation atone of the Lsuwin Lightnouse on Friday. A man named Thomas Kelly, a stoker on the 8.s. Gulf of Martaban, went mad on the voyage from Liverpool to Melbourne, and jumped overboard. The directors of the Federal Building Society in Melbourne have reduced tho liabilities of the society by £71,000 in 12 months. The Victorian Government desires to get the Federal Enabling Bill through before Christmas, anu tho second reading is fixed for to-day. Wuae'a Corn Flonr has no equal. . A protectionist conference, held in Lon doD, has apDroved of Mr. Chamberlain's circular to colonial Governors having' refer ence to imports. Mr. Chamberlain has called for particulars of the foreign iioporta into the colonies from 1884 to 1894. The Bteamer Thermopylae has brought out a consignment of live stock and poultry. It is proposed to present a testimonial to Alderman N. Melville, the Mayor of Ash- field, and with that object a meeting of the ratepayers is shortly to be held. The Japanese have completed the evacua tion of Port Arthur,' and the Chinese are again in possession. ' P. P.. Larkin's Ears and Wholesale and Retail Bottie Department give the beBt Yaloe for tho rninimnm of charge. Wines, Spirits and Beers only of the first quality stocked at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Hay- market. Spoaking at Hampstead the Earl of Sol- borne said that it wonld be the policy of the Government to keep the trade of the Empire for its own producers and artisans. Through falling from a baggy in Crown- Btreet on Saturday William B&infield;, a Redforn resident, met with an injury to the bead. A olerk named Robert Farnham was accidentally shot with a pea rifie at his home on Sanday. \- As an inquest held on Saturday afternoon on the body of a man named Thomas Thompson, who died from injuries received on the road between Minto and Campbell- town through a fall from his horse, a verdiat of accidental death was recorded. ' Stephen Avery, rouseabout at the New York Hotel, George-etreot North, made an ! attempt to hang himself in an outhouse on Sunday, bat was found in time to save his life. Tatternali's Summer C>, 25,000 at 10. C.o. | G. Adams, Brisbane. , 