NEWS AND NOTES. MEMBERS of the Orange Institution are noti- fied in another column of the opening of an Orange Lodge at Guildford to-night. A SUPPLEMENT to Friday's Government Gazette was issued yesterday containing the new regulations made under the Elementary Education Acts of this colony. THE mail steamer from England arrived at Albany at half-past three on Monday after- noon. The mails will be brought to Perth and will be delivered to-day. TO prevent mis-understanding we have been requested to draw attention to the fact that children under fifteen will not be admitted to the social gathering on Wednesday, 6th February, in the Town Hall, to welcome Bishop Riley. THE telegraphic lines, yesterday, were re- ported as working very well, and no interrup- tions had occurred on any of the lines, although bush-fires were numerous. The weather report from the Eastern colonies was not, however, on the sheet. SINCE the telegrams despatched by the Attorney General to the goldfields in regard to the application for hospital assistance, no further messages have been received. It is stated that at Kalgoorlie there it at present sufficient hospital accommodation. THE departures from Fremantle, yesterday, were the steamers Gabo and Rockton. The former vessel left for Melbourne with 40 passengers and a light cargo of sundries. The latter left for Geraldton last evening at 9 o'clock with 25 passengers and original cargo of chaff, oats, bran, flour, and a large quantity of sundries. SIX boxes of gold containing 4,117oz. of a declared value of £15,644 12s., were entered at the Customs House, Fremantle, yesterday, for export by the steamer Gabo to Mel- bourne. The whole of the shipment was sent by the banks, and was entered from Cool- gardie. The agents of the s.s. Gabo, Messrs. Jas. Lilly & Co., inform us that an additional quantity, weighing 1,443ozs. 12dwts. 10grs., was shipped by the Union Bank to the Union Bank, Melbourne. This makes the total weight shipped 5,560ozs. 12dwts. 10grs. ONE of the first steps to be taken in the matter of improving the Barrack Field, Fre- mantle, will be the removal of some of the trees which at present encroach on the space required for cricket, football matches, and other games. This work will, under the super- vision of Mr. E. H. Gliddon, the town sur- veyor, be pushed on as rapidly as possible, as well as the laying on of water to the ground and the removal of various walls and fences that now abut on the proposed recreation ground. The various patches of bare ground on the field will be sown with grass, and it is hoped that the field will be sufficiently im- proved to afford a good playing, ground for the ensuing football season. THE funeral of the late Mr. Leonard Duncan took place yesterday, when a large number of people paid their last respects to the deceased. Among those present were Mr. J. C. H. James, the President of the West Australian Cycling Club, and about twenty-four cyclists from Perth and Fremantle, who walked their machines in pairs in the cortège. A large number of business people were also present. The funeral arrangements were well carried out by Mr. Falconer. There was quite a large number of wreaths, those from the Fremantle and Perth Cycle Clubs being ex- ceedingly handsome. A feature of the pro- cession was the large gathering of New Zealanders who had known the parents of the deceased in the island colony. The funeral left the corner of St George's-terrace and William-street shortly after four o'clock, and the deceased was buried in the Church of England portion of the General Cemetery. The Rev. Mr. Price conducted the funeral service. The pall-bearers were Messrs. G. S. Cranstone, T. Hutchinson, T. Carter, W. S. Savage, McMurdoc and Miller. The last performance but one of the pantomime Cinderella, and the eleventh consecutive occasion on which it has been played in Perth was notable for a considerable audience and even more than usual enthusiasm. The occasion was the benefit of Mr. Wilkinson, who was received with special cordiality, and strove with complete success, despite an attack of hoarseness, to amuse his patrons. In addition to the numbers which have be- come established favourites, and which do not now call for specific mention, the revels in the Palace Scene were rendered additionally attractive by a piccolo solo by the musical conductor of the en- tertainment, Mr. Stewart, and a hornpipe by Mr. Lapsley. The former was an addi- tional testimony to the exceptional ability of the executant, and was encored with enthus- iasm, while Mr. Lapsley's exceeding neat and graceful dancing was equally well received. During the evening Mr. Stevens, the business manager, came before the curtain, and, having thanked the Perth public for the exceedingly liberal patronage accorded to the company, an- nounced that they would return to the City in a few weeks in an entirely new and novel programme. He also stated that the pro- posed charitable entertainment for this after- noon would not take place, as there were not sufficient persons in the receipt of charitable support to make an audience of respectable size, a condition of things which no other Aus- tralian city could boast of. He had arrived at this conclusion after speaking with Bishop Gibney, Dean Goldsmith, and Mr. Dale, the Inspector of Charitable Institutions. The pantomime will be played for positively the last time to-night, and no doubt yet another large audience will assemble to say au revoir to the highly meritorious company which has lately afforded so much pleasure to the community. 