A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By:MRS. CAMPBELL PBAED, Authoress of "An Australian. .Heroine,' "Policy and Passion," "Hadine," "Miss .Tacobscn's Chance," "Arina," "The. llomance of a Station/' and (in conjunction with Mri Justin-.McCarthy) "The-Alight Honorable," " The Ladies' .Gallery,"&,c., &c.; ■ [Published by special arrangement yvith-the-author. All rights reserved, j Chapter XVII.—[Continual.) GJaredid not wait for the summons. She turned from her. occupation of hanging up some of Gladys' dresses in: the cretonne-cur tained wardrobe. "I will comeback presently,- Gladys,"'.she - said. "Yes Stay——Oh, Clare, was.that Mr. Tregaskiss?" "That was my husband," said Mrs. Tregas kiss stonily. "You will find him perhaps a little different from what you expected—and from what he used to be—if Cassandra, who met him in England, ever described him to you; but you must remember we lead a rough life and he has been riding after cattle all day ; and—and times are bad and it is not surpris ing that he should be tired and a. little irri table. Our cattle are dying for want of grass and water and when you have been here a little while you will know what ruin a bush-fire may cause." _ Gladys said nothing. When Clare had gone she sat down on the edge- of the bed and stared round her—at the little verandah-room with its primitive shutters, its walls papered with pictures from the Illustrated and Graphic, its home- made furniture and sunken earthen floor covered with rugs and matting, itsrough washstancl and dressing table on which-Gladys. silver-backed brushes and array of toilet im plements looked so incongruous, the canvas . ceiling and the velvety patch of mosquitoes in. one" corner waiting for darkness to leave their shelter. Gladysshuddered. " It wouldn't matter a bit if it weren't for him" she murmured. "Ch, my poof Glare, my poor dear, dear Clare? Oh, what made you do it ? . And you -love another man! Oh, is no one happy, no one in the .whole world? ; Must, one always love the wrong man ?" When Clare came back, which-was not for a. long time, Mrs. Hilditeh was dressed, her beautiful hair rippling 'over her . low forehead and coiled behind with a mediaival looking" baud of amethysts set in antique silver binding lier head and a like belt girdling lier loose mus lin and Valenciennes laee robe. There wasnot much sign of widowhood about her. and she seemed to think It necessary to apologise-for the fact. "He has been dead fourteen months; dear, and I couldn't ever wear a cap; Oh, Clare," she added, coming close to her friend and laying a hand on Clare's arm, while she gazed at her with earnest eyes ; "it is so terrible—so hideous to be glad. But I ti'ied to do my duty at the last, when he got ill. They said he couldn't have lived nearly so long if. it hadn't been for inc." "Iknow that. A man told me you were very good to him." ' Gladys withdrew her arm and went back to the glass and adjusted, a loose lock of her hair before she answered. Clare had been wonder ing liow she should broach the news of Blan chard's presence on the Leura. She now saw that it was no new3 to Gladys, and thatehauce had nothing to do.with their present proximity to' each other. "I know who that was," Gladys answered with studied quietness. " There is only one man on the Leura who could know anything about me and my husband. It was Ambrose Blanehard." "I did not know his name was Ambrose," said Glare. "Yes, it was Mr. Blanehard who recognised your photograph and told me he had. known you. He said that he had admired you for your goodness to 3rcur husband." "I am glad," said Gladys, "that at any rate he did me that justice. G'ome, Clare. I like this little room immensely, dear; it puts me in mind of my cabin-on board the Nana Sahib, only that it is a great-- 'deal-larger and more comfortable. But '1'think the verandah would be a cooler place-to sit in." 