THE CHURCHES. " How may we preach Christ?" was the lopic considered at the monthly consecration meeting of the Mount Barker Baptist C.E. 'Society on Tuesday evening, when there was a good attendance and Mr. E. Morris presided. A very interesting entertainment was given before a crowded audience , in the Bethany ! Wesleyan" Methodist Church, in the neighbor- ■ hood of 'Maclaren Vale, on Tuesday evening, November 26. The Bev. George Hall gave an excellent exhibition of lantern views of English cathedrals, with explanatory remarks, and music at intervals varied the proceedings. During the evening refreshments were handed round. Mr. J. N. Crisp occupied the chair, [ and the' admission-money 'was placed to the credit of the circuit fund. Anniversary services in connection with the Mount Barker Baptist Sunday-school will be celebrated on Sunday and .'Monday. The Bev. A. Hyde, of Goodwood, will preach morning and evening on Sunday and conduct a children's service in the afternoon.; Instead of the usual public meeting a service of song will be rendered on Monday evening, when the story of " The Biver Singers " will ; be related, to be followed by a supper pro vided by bachelor friends. .. ANSryEBSABY AT Habbogate—The anni 'veraary of the Harrogate Preaching Station in Connection with the Monarto Presbyterian Churetyiras celebrated at "The Glen," the. residence 'of Mrs. Hay, on Sunday and Mondays November 24 and ,25.. The Sabbath services were conduoted by. Mr. John Clezy, of Byethorne, an elder of ■ the Mount Barker J congregation, who .'preached two excellent sermons. The commodious wooIbtied was well filled at both services, though, the weather was extremely hot and a number were kept back by the breaking out of a bush fire a few miles off. On Monday there was .a good turnout both at .the tea (about a hundred partaking of an excellent repast) and the public meeting. At the latter the pastor (Bev. A. Law) occupied the chair, and appropriate addresses were delivered by Mr. Clezy, the Bev. Mr. " Williams (Primitive Methodist), and the chairman, interspersed with sacred Bongs well rendered by the Monarto Church choir, Miss Law presiding at the harmonium. The.Primitive Methodist connexion in the Strathalbyn. district "held their quarterly meeting on Monday, 2nd inst., by invitation at Mr. S. Stanton'e house. A good number put in .an appearance, representatives of Bull's Creek, Giles' Plat, Bletchley, and Strathalbyn be'ing . present.1 This being the most im portant circuit meeting of the year there was a large amount of business to be'done in preparing for the annual conference, such as appointing delegates, preparing reports, and choosing: a' minister''for' the ensuing year. The Bev: B. Jackson has been oh the station for a longer term than any of his predecesors and will leave at the end of the connexions! year. The meeting unanimously agreed -to invite the Bev. T. Allen, ofKadiria, to succeed Mr. Jackson. At the close of the proceedings the party tendered a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Stanton for their .generosity, expressing the great pleasure it gave them to meet under such pleasant conditions. The plan of holding these meetings in different parts of the station has its advantages, bring ing co-workers nearer together and strength ening the social bonds. Meetings of this nature have already been held at Mr. James Stone's house at Bull's Greek';..at Mr. George;' Sissou's, Giles' Plat; at Mr. W. J. Pibnch's,' Strathalbyn, And at Mr. S. Stantea's*." It was, on invitation, decided to hold tVe March meeting at Mr.- John Stanton's residence at Bletchley. 