Mr Joseph Knight, Government expert on Agricultural products, visited Orbost during the past week and inspected the crops that are being grown here under the bonus regulations. It was expected that Mr Miller, man u- faefcurfir of fihra mnforifiic tvmtM accompanied him, but that gentleman, who is rather advanced in years, finding the journey to Orbost was a much greater one than lie had anticipated )ya| obligpd tp forego Jiis intention of yisitina: tho nlaoe. and "red nested "u» Knight to tender 'l)is ifppjigjes to flip people here. On Wednesday $p(j Thursday Mr Knight was taken round -the farms on the fiats and appears tp have been very favorably impressed l)y | what lie saw. The hemp crops, he asserts, are far superior to anything )p fiqs yet seen, t)iat of Mr Jas. Parperpp beapipg thp pajfn among 'q pqmbep 'qf really splendid fields. The flat land of Orbost is described by the expert as one of the choice spots of Victoria, which it would be scarcely possible to excel or even to equal anywhere else, the growth being something wonderful. Mr Knight is accompanied by his daughter, a little girl of 12 or 13, who manipulates the lantern at the lectures and takes photographs of crops and plants which it is desired to secure for purposes of illustration. Tlxo young lady deserves to be complimented ou her skill and the Government expert is fortunate in possessing such a clever and reliable assistant. On Wednesday eveniug Mr Kuiglit lectured to a good audience in the Mechanics' Institute on "Vegetable Oils and Oil producing Plants," and on Thursday eveniug, to a much larger audience, on " Flax, Hemp, other fibre plants, and Broomcom." In another column we give a resume of the first , lecture, and will publish the one on fibre plants and broomcorn next week. The lecturer succeeded in arousing a large amount of interest in the minds of our local farmers, who were not a little astonished at the important avenues of trade that were shown to : be open to rhem, and there is little I doubt that the result of Mr Knight's j visit will be of great benefit to the district. I Two magnificent heads of sunflowers j grown by Mr. W. Watt at Newmerella were shown at the Mecbauics' Institute- on Wednesday night during the lecture. Mr. Knight stated that ho had never previously seen anything to .. equal them. The " Omeo Standard " says that Mr. Seymour, the shire engineer, met with a serious fall from his horse on Wednesday. How the accident hap pened is not quite clear, but it is supposed that either his horse tripped and threw him, or else he fell off. He was found on the road between Quinn's and Swift's Creek by Mr. Hamilton. Although unconcious for some time his injuries are not of a dangerous character. The committee of the Agricultural Society will meet on Thursday next at 8 p.m. at the Orbost Club Hotel for the transaction of important business. A painful sensation was caused last Saturday when it became known that a warrant had been issued at the instance of Goldsbrough Mort it Co. for the apprehension of C. H. Hooper, of Orbost. Hooper, who has been agent for the firm, is charged with larceny of cheques that were entrusted to him to pay over to customers. It is under stood that he contends that he has not been guilty of any criminal offence, but until the case is further developed it is probable that an accurate statement of the facts will not he obtainable. As soon as possible after learning of the action taken by Goldsborough Mort and Co. Hooper proceeded to Melbourne to surrender himself to the authorities. The warrant reached Orbost on Wed nesday after his departure. A well-known resident of Orbost, R. P. Williams, has fallen into the hands of the Philistines. A short time ago proceedings were instituted against him by his wife, who resides in Sale, for | desertion. Williams, who contends — that he has. never deserted his wife . but that he has contributed to hersiipoort when necessary and always offered to share his home with her, was unable to put iu an appearance at the court and an order was made against him for the payment of 10s. per week. .This order lias not been complied with, and last week a further order was made com mitting him to gaol. Being unable to pay he has proceeded to Sale, where be will deliver himself up to the authorities and be personally impounded for some indefinite period. On Monday and Tuesday last Mr. Dewar, of the Public Works depart ment, and Mr. Richardson, shire engineer, inspected about 40 miles of the Orbost to Bendoc road with a view to estimating the cost of completing it in the event of the work being- under taken by the Government. On Wednes day they started again for the McCulloch in order to' enquire into the practicability oftaking the road through that district instead of along the present route. The Public Works de partment had been written to on the subject and it was thought very desirable that the proposal for the McCulloch route should have' fair con sideration before the final expenditure was made on the road. Mr. John Johnston, who is the chief advocate for the McCulloch route, accompanied the engineers, and it is to he hoped that they will be able to settle the much vexed question about this road. In connection with the forthcoming show Mrs. W. Stewart has promised a special prize of 10s. for the best milk man or milkmaid, and Mr. A. Peterson a prize of 0s. for the best collection of eggs. Several changes have recently taken place among the inspectors employed by the Mining department. The . activity displayed in mining matters since Mr, Foster took charge of the department has made the work of the inspectors exceptionally heavy and some rearrangement of the duties was neces sary. In the Eastern district, especially, the development of prospecting areas lias proceeded rapidly, and the work of inspection has got behind owing to an injury which Mr. Abrahams, the in spector, sustained while in the per formance of his duty some time since. Mr. Abrahams has now been removed to the Western district, and Mr. Sharp, of Gippsland, has now taken up the work in the Eastern district ; and the areas in charge of most of the inspectors jipye been altered, so that better pro- yisipn poqld be made for jibe work, and special attention given to the Eastern part of the colony. Omep has now bpen made the centre pf the Eastern distript, which will include all the pppntry in Croajingojong which ig : bpipg ' deyejopgcl. ' 2ftr. Eflssfc, "of the ' We.stern district, has been removed to Gippsland. The Public Service Board declined to retire Mr. Grainger, of Bendigo, on the ground that his retire ment would necessitate the appoint ment of a new inspector and so cause an increase in expenditure. Mr. Grainger has therefore been retained for another three months, pending further consideration.— " .ge." -"i: | Wednesday's " Age " states that | another very gratifyiug report has been ! received from the prospectors accom- : panying the party of men who are j cutting a road from Bendoc to Malla- i coota Inlet. Mr. Wliitelaw, one of the ! geological students attached to the ! Mines department, reports that an | important find has been made at : Mallacoota, where a reef a foot wide has been discovered, showing prospects equal to those obtained at the Curly Dog lode, over a distance of 300 yards along the strike of the reef. Tho find , has been made by two prospectors named Tlalley and Boyd, at a point known as Lee's Bend. Considerable exciteme'u't has been caused locally and several leases have been applied for. The find, together with Mr, Murray's report, will probably be the means of inducing prospectors to visit the lo cality. Mr Wliitelaw would recommend them to examine any creeks, cuttings, and the contact of the slates and granite, as extensive examination had shown him. that the . best couutry lies in that geological formation. The couritry-'to tlie south, and south-east is almost wholly covered with barren tertiaries, and prospecting there would be useless. In consequence of the rejection of the Land Tax by tlio Upper House the Government has withdrawn it and substituted an Income Tax, with a re duction of the Municipal Subsidy to £100,000 and further retrenchments in the Railways, Postal, and Defence departments. News has been received by cable of an unprecedented crisis in France. The President, M. Casimir Perier, wearied of the repeated attacks of the Socialists and of the fact that he has not been fairly supported by bis own party, has tendered his resignation. A great sen sation has been caused by the action of the President, who refuses to recon sider his determination. The appointment of Lord Brassey as Governor of Victoria as successor to Lord Hopetoun has been officially announced. His Lordship proposes to sail for Melbourne in his own yacht in April next. The " Age " says, " Mr. Foster, the Minister of Mines, has handed to the Secretary of Agriculture some fine specimens of hemp growths that were sent to liim from the Snowy River. Tho samples are fourteen feet high, and it is stated that hemp of this quality can be grown in large quantities on the fertile flats of the Snowy River. If sufficient acreage were planted a ready market could be found for the product in Melbourne for the manufacture of rope." The sample referred to was grown by Mr. Pardew. We beg to draw attention to the fact that Mr H. James will hold his first auction sale at Orbost to-day. Particulars will be found in our adver tising columns. The rainfall at. the. .Cann. Hi ver for the month of December was 3.35 in. We regret to learn that one of the bridges recently re- erected on the Bendoc road, that at Breakfast Creek, has been destroyed by fire. During the last month or two the greater part of the country along the road has been overrun by bushfires and precautions were taken to save the culverts from accident but they seem to have been unavailing in this instance. About two months ago the Dynamite Creek bridge had a- narrow escape, bat, considering the number of fires there have been this season, it is fortunate that no more damage has been done. Dalgety and Co. Limited are advised by cable from their London office that they again head the list of London wool importers for the year 1894 with a total of 112,000 bales, this position having been occupied . by- them for eleven years out of the past thirteen. Including . the sales by their various branches in Australia and New Zealand, the total quantity of wool handled by this firm during the year 1S94 is con siderably over 200,000 bales. A telegram from Lannceston stares that Miss Grace Hoyt, aged 19 years, a dressmaker residing at Bairnsdale, fell overboard from the steamer Coogee in the trip from Melbourne to Lannces ton and was lost. It appears that the unfortunate girl was very seasick and that while leaning over the bulwark she lost her balance by a sudden lurch of the vessel. 