A TRIP AROUND A VILLAGE SETTLEMENT. BY MULDOON. A Horseback ride through the Dandenong forest is all very well in its way, but when undertaken in wet weather is far from plea- sant - at least such was my opinion as I rode away from South Wandin in the direction of the village settlement. The road is slushy and full of crab-holes, and very dangerous to one not accustomed to travel along it. I have driven over these red roads in summer, and thought them very good - in fact better than metal roads - but oh, what an alteration in the winter. Nothing but thorough macadaming would make them fit for ordinary traffic. I met a man driving two horses in a dray. He was getting along with difficulty, although the horses were apparently doing their best. In answer to my question, he said he had five hundredweight on the dray. I said, "That's not much," "Not much?" said he; "why, it's a --------- big load for two horses on this road." Here and there on both sides of the road are huts built of slabs and roofed with bark, some of them pretty fair, but most are very indifferent dwellings. These were built by the village settlers when the land was first thrown open. I did not see many of the settlers about, and most of the huts appeared to lie deserted, and failure seemed stamped on the settlers efforts at clearing and cultivation. I thought no wonder either, because the soil for the most part is sickly-looking reddish-yellow mixture of clay and sulphuric soil. It is a singular thing that this land, although so thickly timbered with such giant trees, and a strong undergrowth of bracken, bayonet grass and acacia scrub, yet will not grow vegetables worth speaking of. It is not altogether the sourness of the soil, be- cause I have seen soil of the same sort which has been cultivated for one or two years that will not grow a cabbage or a few peas without a lot of manure being added. Yet one naturally supposes that land which carries such an enor- mous amount of native vegetation would bring forth as much or more of cultivated vegetation. That it is not so most of these settlers have found out. They have done a lot of hard work grubbing trees and burning them up, but putting it all together it does not seem to make much difference to the general appearance of the forest, and I think that after a bushfire had passed over it one would scarcely know that there had been any work done on the greater part of the settlement. I say the greater part because I found some few isolated patches of well- worked, good soil along the Emerald Creek, and then there are the Sassa- fras and Ferntree Gully settlements which I have not as yet visited. All along the road from south Wandin to where the diggings have started on the Emerald Creek, the land has been cut up into 10 acre blocks, and I am told, has all been taken up (over 300 blocks, I supposed and yet I could not count 10 that were being resided on. Huts there are with tiny clearings around them, in some cases attempts at making a garden; but in most cases no person about and no indications of anyone having been there for some time. Desolation more depressing than the solitude of the primeval forest because of the evidences of labor thrown away, energy ex- pended vainly and hopes blighted. I had a talk with one or two of the settlers who are working on their blocks. I said to one, "I suppose you like the place and have hopes of making a living here?" "Well, you see," he said, "I am not so sure of the living part of it, and as for liking the place, it would be right enough if I had the wife here to cook and do things about the hut, but one of my boys has just got a bit of a job in town, so she had to go down to keep a home for him." Pretty state of things this, the boy in a "bit of a job" in Mel bourne is of more importance than the husband and father on a ten-acre block. I put the same question to another. I found that his wife was keeping a home together for two of the girls and one of the boys, who were in work. The fair sex is conspicuous by its absence. The wives and daughters have been here, but found the life too rough, and the difficulties of obtaining a supply of food too great, so those who have other means of living have gone away and left the men to work alone, and live as best they can on the money advanced by the Government. So much for the gloomy side - indeed I thought it was all gloomy, but I find I was mistaken. I turned down a side track and came upon a very picturesque little spot on a gully which joins the Emerald Creek. There stood, a tiny slab- walled and bark-roofed hut, with a real glass window. Around the hut a considerable clear- ing had been made, four acres, as near as I could judge, all cultivated and enclosed with a good rabbit-proof fence of slabs. I could see at a glance the enormous amount of work that had been done on this place, as the clearing was entirely surrounded by giant trees, the mess mate and white gum predominating - the effect from an artist's point of view being beautiful in the extreme. The undergrowth, principally tree ferns and hazel, was in pleasant contrast of coloring with the black and pale blue trunks of the trees. As I stood at the gate I felt that I had never in all my life seen anything so beautiful as this garden in the forest. The soil too, is entirely different in this part of the forest to what I had seen before, it being a dark, loamy chocolate. I determined to lose no time in making the acquaintance of the people to whom this miniature Eden belonged. The noise I made opening the gate attracted the notice of a dog. I did not see it but in the long-drawn-out baying of the animal I recognised the to me familiar tones of on Irish Setter, a kind of dog I have been in particular dread of ever since - but never mind the story, besides I have got a new pair now. I success- fully circumvented the dog by sending my own meathound in before me, and walking smartly up to where l saw two young fellows working. These proved to be the owners of the place - brothers named Jarvis - they greeted me cordially, and asked me to have dinner with them as they were just about to put the "billy" on. I accepted the invitation with alacrity, because I was feeling a bit "That way," and be- sides I was anxious to have a closer aquaintance with the Messrs Jarvis. I found that the family consisted of three brothers, the two whom I at first saw, and a younger one who had re- cently come from the "old country to acquire colonial experience. During dinner the conver- sation was mostly on the subject of clearing land and cultivating, what to grow and how to grow it. I flatter myself that I know something about agricultural matters, the- oretically anyway, but I was not long discovering the fact that these young men knew quite as much as I did. After dinner we strolled over the garden. Of course in a late district like this, one cannot expect to find a great show of anything so early as this. But everything in the garden was certainly thriving, and seemed to be quite at home. Great care had been taken in putting in plants and trees. My entertainers informed me that they had three quarters of an acre under strawberries; besides this, several dozen fruit trees were planted in a part set aside for orchard. They have been very particular to obtain only the best and in this they had no difficulty, as they are within three miles of one of the best nurseries in the colony, that of Mr Nobelius at South Gembrook. The reason of so many strawberry plants being put in, is that the soil is particularly adapted for this fruit. Raspberries thrive on it too, and a good crop of potatoes can be grown; in fact, I was told that this dark soil is superior to that of Warrnambool for growing tubers, but I doubt it. The fruit trees being only recently planted, look similar to any other young trees of the same age, so of course, I could not give an opinion on them except that they are of very good sorts judging from the names on the labels attached to each. In the vegetable garden cabbage, beans, cauliflower, and other vegetables familiar to all, were growing splendidly. The brothers Jarvis evidently take a great pride in this particular garden; the paths were very neat, and the different plots were laid out in first class style with a number or name plainly written on zinc on each. I did not have to make an effort to praise their work in the cus- tomary stereotyped phrases. I congratulated them sincerely and spontaneously on having achieved what would appear at first glance an impossibility. They told me that they are not under the Village Settlement Act, but have selected under the old 42 act, and worked the place with what little means they had at their disposal. Good fortune to them forever, I say! They deserve it, if anyone does. After wishing them good bye I successfully dodged the dog and reached the gate where my horse was tied. From the gate I took another good look at the place. I am a very poor hand at describing the beautiful, so will not attempt to describe the beauty of this place. I could not do it justice, but will simply say that I could not with to live in a more charming seclusion, and hope that I may have an opportunity of revisit- ing Jarvis brothers farm in embryo. I rode back to South Wandin as quickly as the state of the road would permit, because I did not want to be benighted in the forest. I reached the farm I was staying at just about sundown. Brazil began railroad building in 1851, and has --- miles ------. Pedro S-- is 500 miles long through a very difficult country. On this line there are -- long tunnels. L12,000,000. 