NEWS IN BRIEF. Parliament rough on Rofe. ' He was Dreaming '—the Cop tipster. 1 Justice ' has taken to liberating— trout. Q.C. Filcber— twelve monthB' leave of absence. Skcncikikf iviug v-i Avvjf DDmitoy evtuwfr vj lightning. Virgil Power declined a judgeship in Queensland. The two topics— Law and Lawler. Dis cord and harmony. Fifty thousand sovereigns left for London in the B.M.S. Ballarat. Manly is booming as a result of tbe phenomenally cheap fares. Cattle are dying inseveralicountry districts for want of food and water. Tbe cheapest trip in Australasia. To Manly and back for a thrum. Lady Brasscy rideB a bicycle ; so do the two Buxton girls. Hallelujah I A firm at Shellbarbor disposed of 27,000 eggs in a fortnight. Good business. At Bombala, Mr. Thomas Moore's saw mill was burnt out, owing to a bush fire. Michael Davitt left Melbourne for Eng land, via the United States, on Thursday. Premier Beid is now known as Premier Lizard. All the reptiles of the bush are jealous, Mr. Percy James Johnstone has been appointed a sworn valuator under the Real Property Act. The Tsinau took forty-eight Chinamen home to their native land. What a pity it was not 48,000. A man named King dived 212ft into the Hudson from a bridge near New York. The undertaker was required. The Russian PresB say it is England who is seeking a quarrel and looking for an ex cuse to declare war with China. Tbe coasts on. both sides of the Heads are strewn with dead sea-gnlls. A disease is believed to have attacked them. Miners are leaving ihe Newcastle district in large numbers. Most of them aire making for Coolgardie, some for South Africa. A Freetrade Government are prosecuting a firm of jewellers for freetradfng — escaping CuBtoms dnty. An exquisite anomaly. ' Parkes is a great traveller.' ' Yes ; but bow do you make that out ?' ' By this third trip of his to the United States Every Governor in Australia has been in terviewed on the complicated Chinese ques tion. M09t oi them keep Chinese cooks. Judging by Melbourne'* magnificent sub scriptions on Hospital 8nndav, the Southern City is not without lucre and liberality. The Free Public Library in Sydney will ndw be known ai the Public Library of N.8.W. Be tbankfnl, ye Domain dolsera. Edward Payten, of Gohlburn, has. dis covered a cure for foot-rot. A cure for Par liamentary rot would be a genuine blessing. On Tuesday last one of the oldest farmers in South Australia, Getirge Katrl, committed suicide. He bed lent fiSuOO to some farmers in his neighborhood, and the harvest being bad, he filed Iris eohedule by hanging him self. ' William Wilby, a vigorous youth of Nor folk, died at Tasmania the other day, after seventy years' residence. . He was only 102. The head oi the Salvation Army, ' General' Booth, is onoe more in Sydney. Be looks thinner, more wiry, more hairy, and ' nosier.' Twenty alleged conspirators against Turkey's Sultan suddenly removed at one fell Bwoop, They got the bowstring and the sack. Leslie Norman, a well-known dentist of Adelaide, committed suicide on Monday by taking arsenic. Another case of the ill-effects of drink. The inhabitants at Molong are frantic for an enquiry into Dr Ross' hospital scandal. They aver the scandal is in the member's imagination, Owing to carelessness In watching the con ditions of tenure, about £2,000,000 worth of mines en the Rand, South Africa, were nearly jumped. A fire occurred on Jules Benard and Co.'s premises, Kent-street, City, on Wednesday afternoon, but the fire brigades soon had it under command. It would be interesting to know who gave Evangeliet Varley permission to use Govern ment telegram forms to advertise hie antl gambling 'wires.' Two well-known Sydney seciety youths have become devoted to opium. They will be unfit for ordinary society unless they are reclaimed shortly. The Gulf of Lyons' ishipment of horses reached London with only 57 out of a cargo of 102 animals. The steamer passed through phenomenally bad weather. Orleans, France's Royal Dook, again a co respondent in a divorce case. ThiB time WoolBton v. Woolston. Tbe name haB an Australian, not to say muttony ring. Oaptain Burkill, of the stranded steamer, Indrani, Which collided with the ship Ala meda in tbe Harbor last Sunday week, has had bis certificate suspended for one month. Lord Brassey promiees to be the most popu lar governor Victoria ever had. It is to be hoped Viscount Hampden will take a leaf or two out of his book, or better still, annex the book Victoria sent 800 tons of butter to London by the R.M.S. Ballarat, the largest ship ment of the season. Arriving just before XmaE, bb it will, the returns should be hand some. Buxton, Adelaide's pious Gov., refnees to be drawn on the subject of races and shows. Will attend bun worried, muffin struggles, social science meetings, and Y.M.C.A. seances. The Queensland Legislative Conncil are imitating our Upper House. The Eaxly Closing of Shops Rill, passed by the Lower Chamber, was thrown out by the Upper on Wednesday. For ridiculing tbe German Emperor, the editor of the Berlin socialist paper- was sent to prison for six months. The name of the paper was 'Vorwaerts.' Tbe editor got ' what for.' Renter's Russian correspondent wired that it was not a case of ' Johnny, get your gun ' over the Russo-Ohinese Treaty, which never existed. Bussia will bite China's ear, if it can— or dare. Nothing succeeds like success. The Lon don and Continental Investment Corpora tion, West Australia, has been formed. Capital a million, and £500,000 has already been subscribed. A Tumut farmer who has 20 horses for sale says, ' Threshing machines ate run by steam, and tram cars are ran by electricity ; and the Government of the country is run by a set of jackasses.' 'General' Booth had a begging trip in New Zealand and Tasmania, then skipped through Melbourne to 6ydney. Not very flattering to the money market of the City of Smells. More inbreeding. Tbe Prince of Wales' youngest daughter, Maud, la affianced to Charles, the second son of the Crown Prince of Denmark. They are first consins, and he Is three years her junior. Jack Want, like every other lawyer, thinks the Law Courts superior to Parliament. This is a fiction which should be exploded. Judges are not infallible, neither are they immaculate. Norman, Queensland's oock o' the roost, regards it as an absolute certainty that in the life-time of tbe present generation, Aus tralia will have to resist an attack- Resist Imperialism. On Tuesday night a frightful gas explosion took place near the London Strand. Two houses were completely raised to the eround, four people were killed, and thirty injured. Many of the latter are expected to suc cumb. Sir Joseph Abbott dislocated his left elbow at Nyngan on Monday, and wits medically forbidden to take the Speaker's Chair for a week. Sir Joseph often wishes an M.L.A. would dislocate his jaw, but he doesn't say so. A general consternation was caused at the Water Police Court on Tuesday, when some one whispered that a female witness in evi dence was the victim of emall-pox. She, however, was a witness in a chicken-stealing case, and was only suffering from chicken pox. Tbe curse of Dean (continued) : ' Dick ' Meagher e father died on Monday. Crick was taken serionsly ill with influenza last week. John Asproy was fined on Tuesday for assaulting a Benevolent Asylum warder. Asprey is an Inmate of the Liverpool Asylum. Our tram guards hare much to put up with at times. What with checking fares and answering every question put by the large number of 'old women' travellers, tbey have plenty to do without being in sulted by 6uch larrikins as Lee and Cunning ham, wbo wete rightly fined £6 apiece on Tuesday at 1'addington. The Customs made a raid on a cart on Wednesday, and ran in a quarter-cask of alleged illicit spirit. On examination it proved to be methylated spirits. Instead of returning the detained cask to tbe owner, the Customs calmly said he conld have it for the fetching. Kiud, indeed. J. A. Robinson was committed for trial on Tuesday, charged with obtaining £150 from Josbua Clift on the 'wanted a partner' dodge, Joshua is determined to have tbe matter sifted out, whereas scares who have been through similar mills let the matter slide owing to the publicity. There is an undertaker up North who !b as cool as a Cucumber. Tbo other evening he was sent with a beautifully padded, silk lined, full-sized coffin to a distant station. Getting bushed, owing to the darkness, he took out the horse, hobbled him, and then turned in— in the coffin. After a few hours, dawn broke. He awoke, thoroughly refreshed, and soon found his road, delivered the coffin, and a . corpse soon occupied his bed of the previous night. Take Marshall's 'Toolo Nervine ' for Weakness aud Exhaustion, v 