SMALL v. LARGE FARMS. 1 One of the mistakes of the times is the popular j belief that everything in order to be profitable must ] be carried on on a large scale. This is a general idea, and has grown out of an avaricious haste to I grow rich, and from a mere superficial calculation, ] such as if one acre pay £20, 100 acres should pay 3 £2000, and 1000 acres £20,000, and so on. It is sel 1 dom such returns are made per acre off large farms, | snet wniie suca large tracts are tne envy ui snuiu and non-holders, they are very often mere making both ends meet, if they can do that in all cases. They are frequently running rapidly ahead of their neighbours on borrowed capital. The men who are I naturally making good money and getting rich by i farming are generally those who do not attempt more than they can personally superintend and make ' return so much per cent, profit on the outlay. From a hundred to a thousand acres is the size of farms which pay the highest profit on the outlay when | properly conducted. The idea that a living cannot i be made out of a small farm has retarded many I from going into a business in which they Avould be j making at the present time an independent living. On I large farms there is always great difficulty in secur 1 ing sufficient practical help for the important sec \ tions of the farm. There is also a vast amount of i waste from one cause or another. The wages and I loss of time and the cost of cultivation is great, and | the amount of money invested in the necessary i machinery, stock, &c;, is a very considerable item. \ The lost motion is in many cases as great (if not j greater) in value as the profit derived. By lost I motion, I mean the time occupied by teams and men going backward and forward to a given point. ; 'Phn ?Knr'h+iri«T nf incooi-i! anr\ nfYiivr npofa. nnrl t.Vipnnr tial or entire failure of the crops from any cause upon a large farm mean in the majority of cases ruin to the owner, because the expenditure had been so great and the per cent, of profits even at best were so small that it will be years before he could recover from the blow of total losses. This is natu rally the result in the case of droughts, bush-fires, and floods, or the presence of blights or diseases of various kinds among the crops and stock. The small farmer has correspondingly small expenses, and has also but little inconvenience from incompetent help, and the lost motion is also a small consideration. He can superintend all sections of the farm himself and save waste of all kinds. His expenses being much less and the profits much greater in propor tion, and the time at his disposal more profitably occupied than on larger farms, he has a better chance of avoiding all the various calamities mentioned above ; and even should they come they will not fall so heavily upon him if the farm is properly managed. It has been the historical experience the world over that the holders of small farms are the most prosperous men in the community. The sole trouble with the majority of our farmers is that they put all their eggs into one basket instead of into as many as they can find a market for. The day is fast coming, is in fact already at hand, when rural economy will be an important feature of Australian farming, and those who do not practise it will be forced to stand aside and see their riiore energetic and thrifty neighbours take precedence for wealth and independence. 