THE PROGRESS OF WEST AUSTRALIA, INTERVIEW WITH SIR JOHN FORREST. The Hon. Sir John Forrest, Premier of Western Australia, arrived in Adelaide by the mail steamer Oruba on Tuesday afternoon on his way to attend the meetings of the Federal Council and to represent his colony at the Postal Conference. He is not sure whether he will be present at the meeting of Premiers at Hobart, as he has so far reoeived very little information in regard to what is proposed to be done on that oocasion. With the other delegates from Western Australia Sir John Forrest landed on Tuesday afternoon and proceeded to the York Hotel. He will oontinue the journey overland to-day. The Premier of the western colony was interviewed by a representative of tbe Begitter on Tuesday evening, and in answer to a question said, "I hope to be able to make better arrangements at the Postal Conference for the mail steamers leaving King George'B Sound. At present the boats from England leave for the eastern colonies at all honrs of the night. At present intending passengers are not sure at what hour tbey will be oalled up. I am going to see if some agreement oan be made that steamers arriving after 11 o'clock at night shall not leave for the eastern colonies till after 8 o'olock the next morning. As a matter of fact it is very often this latter hour at which tbey do leave, but it is the uncertainty wbioh is so objectionable, and by the arrangement every colony ought to be considered. I intend to propose, too, that the homeward mails should leave Adelaide on Saturday instead of on Wednesday. The present arrangement suite ns very well, but some of the other colonies are not satisfied. Thursday or Friday would not suit our colony. We do not want mails to arrive in Perth on a Sunday. We are quite willing, and have intimated as muoh to the Imperial Government, for the present oontraot to extend to 189S. We would be very glad to assist some of the other colonies in the direotion of having a certain amount of space on the mailboats set apart for produos, but we do not preBS it. I think we are, perhaps, going a little too far in trying to dictate to the Home Groverpmentasto theolauof labour to be oarried on the mail steamers, seeing that the oontraot is for a considerable portion of the British Empire. With regard to the interruption and delays on the telegraph line between here and Perth, we maintain that as a rule these oocur on the South Australian side. There have been some delays recently on the Western Australian side owing to bushfires. I think the time has oome when perhaps we shall have to erect a new wire, and we would be quite willing to do our part to Euola if the South Australian Government will meet us." " What about the development of the goldproduoing oountry, Sir John ?" " Railway communication with Coolgardie will before long be an accomplished fact. As soon as the railB have arrived from England the line will be commenced from Southern Cross to the field. The survey has been completed, and plans and specifications are being prepared. The same also oan be said for the line from Mnllewa to Cue, a distanoe of 215 miles. I have'here a very interesting return just published showing the amount and value of gold, the produce of the colony, which has been entered for export from January 1, 188G, about the time gold was 6rst discovered in working quantities in the oolony, to Deoember 31 last. This shows as follcfts:— 1686, 302 oz., valued at £1.147; 1SS7, 4,873 on., £18,517; 1888, 3,493 oz., £13.273; 1889, 15,492 oz., £58,871; 1890, 22.S06oz., £86,663; 189L, 30.311 oz., £115,182; 1892, 59,548 oz., £22d,283; 1893, 110,890 oz., £421,385; 1894, 207,131 oz., £787,098. These figures are for the whole of the colony, whioh is divided into six districts. Ot the total quantity, last year the District of Yilgarn contributed 250,751 oz., and of this Coolgardie proper was responsible for 105,329 oz. Now, however, Yilgarn and Coolgardie have been made two separate districta. Last year the Murohiton district contributed 109,577 oz. The gold has been officially valued at £316a. per oz. There seems to me to be no doubt about the permanency of the fields. The Government take this vifaw, or they would never have started the railway and expended the money they have. When it is remembered tbat all the gold has been prooured to a very great extent without the UBB of maohinery one can at once realize the immense quantity there must be there. There is no difficulty in Coolgardie now about water for human consumption. Tanks have been constructed, and condensers erected. There is an abundanoe of salt water in the marshes, and it is only a matter of condensing it. In Southern Cross freeh water oan be obtained for lean than Id. per gallon, and at Coolgardie it is only 2d. or 3d. In my opinion there is an abundance of water in the depressions known as salt marshes, and this oan easily be pumped to all parts of the field. Salt water, I have been informed by a competent mining captain, is better for crushing purposes even than fresh. There are all sorts of projects for bringing water to the fields. It has been proposed to take the water from the rivers near the ooast to the field, and also to take the ore to the rivers, but I believe the simpler plan will be to pump water from Lakes Lefroy and Barlee and other of the Bait marshes to the field." "'What .are the prospects of future trade with thie colony V' "It seems to me that we shall have to send to you for a tremendous amount of breadstuffs, owing to the bad harvest we have experienced. We gaffer, as I have often said, from not producing sufficient in onr oolony. Every one has had the gold fever, and the population which has oome into the oolony has been direoted to the fields. In oonsequence there has not been that demand for land and that interest taken in cultivation of the soil we should like. However, we hope that as the people get tired of a rough life soine of them instead of returning to you will settle on our land. With that object in view I have introduced two Bills into Parliament to encourage the settlement of land. Both of these have been oarried. The Homesteads Act gives to any man who likes to live on the land 160 acres free on certain condition* of improvement. The second Bill, which waa carried only last session, establishes as a Government institution an Agricultural Land Bank, whioh has for its objeot the making of advances to farmers or other cultivators of the soil on the security of their holdings, whether held in fee-simple, or under special occupation lease, or conditional purchase lease, or under the Homesteads Act. Theadvances are only to be made for the purpose of making improvements on unimproved holdings, or of adding to improvements already made. No advanoe is to exceed £400, end the rats of interest is 6 per cent. There are a number of other precautions, and I think tbe Bili differs from any I have seen, inasmuch as it only advanoes for further improvements, and not for relieving any existing mortgage or loan. The Bill is limited in the first plaoe to £100,000, and in the first instance I propose Co utilize the Government Savings Bank moneys, as these are secured by tha Consolidated Revenue Fund. The depositors are quite 6eoure, beoau-e they firat have behind them the farmer and his land, and then tbe oon-olidatea revenue." Sir John Forrest <vas asked to express an opinion with respect 10 the rumours whieh were circulated about thn retirement from the Ministry of Mr. Marmion, M L. A., who was Minister for Mines and Commissioner for Lands, but he was disinclined to do so publicly. 