A SERIES OP FIRES. WOLLONGONG AND WALGETT IN FLAMES. EXTENSIVE DAMAGE TO PROPEKTY. ON Sunday a remarkable series of fires occurred in the country and in and around the suburbs. At Wollongong a fire broke out in Crown-street at about 7 o'clock, and fanned hy a north-west gale then^ blowing rapidly, 3pread until n whole block'of build- ings was in flames. The local fire brigade was quite unable to cope with the outbreak for sume time. The damage is estimated at about £10,000. Some 8000 people gathered in the si reels and rendered what assistance they could towards extinguishing the flames. The absence of any water other than that held in the tanks attached to each house, rendered the work of dealing with the fire except innally difficult. Considerable excitement was occasioned in the city hy the announcement that Wollon- gong was in danger of destruction by fire, and that immediate assistance was required from Sydney. The first intimation received was a telegram to the superintendent of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade, which read as follows :-8,10 p.m.-Terrible fire broke out in western end of town. Local brigade, wholly unable to cope with it. Please send engines, men, and plenty hose by special train, immediately if jiossible. Water tanks only water supply. The whole business part of the town in danger of being destroyed. J. A. Beatson, Mayor; A. Campbell, M.P." Upon t he receipt of this message Mr. Bear at once ordered an engine to he put in readiness, and communicated with the Railway Depart- ment, with a view to securing a special train. He liad arranged this, and the men were about to leave the station, when the follow- ing message came to hand:-"8.42 p.m. Getting Hie under.-J. A. Beatson, Mayor." This welcome intimation came just in time, and relieved a great deal of the anxiety which the previous one caused. About the time that the outbreak at Wollongong occurred, a similar fire had almost but ned itself out at Walgett. In this case the total value of the property destroyed was not so large, but there was in the early stages of the Ure rpason to anticipate the almost entire demolition of the town. The fire broke out early, in the nftern'oon in a tailor's shop in the main street, and spread with amazing rapidity to the adjoining premises, until no less than five buildings were in flames. The high wind blowing rendered it exceedingly probable that the fire would be carried across the street, and for a couple of hours the residents watched the progress of the flames with the greatest anxiety. In tlie city and suburbs the clang of fire bells was heard from early in the day till late at night, and hardly a station, however small, escaped a call. North, south, east and west, bush fires raged. Property was, in many instances, severely damaged, though fortunately there was no loss of life. At Woollahra, Mr. Mark Foy's residence was at one time in danger of destruction, a bushfire which had been burning in Bishop's Gully during tlie morning reaching lo the verandah, and setting fire to the woodwork. 