3% Htgtiitt Slimes. FUBLIBHBD EVERY 9ATUHDAY KOBNIHG. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7TH, 1895. Local and General. A TEST.-Compare Judges Bros.' Special Blend Tea, at Is per lb., wita any in the Colony at la 3d.* CBICKET.-Mr. S. J. Hamblin, hon. secretary of the Ivanhoe Cricket Club, wishes us to notify members of other clubs that he is open to arrange matches for the season. LICENSING OOUBT.-On Friday last, before Mr. J. E. Cleeve, P.M., the application for the transfer of the license of the Alameda Hotel from B. W. Roberts to - "Webster was granted. PENBITH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-The annual meeting of the above will be held at the Council Chambers, Penrith, on Thursday next at 8 p.m. Subscribers and intending subscribers to this noble institution are requested to roll up in large numbers so that a strong Committee may be formed, Ladies are specially invited, GLOSSOP V. SPEARMAN.-In this case, one of appropriation of certain property, defendant ap plied for a probitition order against the Penrith Bench. A rule nisi was granted some time back, and the hearing for a rule absolute came before the Supreme-Court on Friday. The following tele gram has been received:-"Applicant did not appear. Probition dismissed with costs against applicant," CONCERT AT BLACK TOWN.-A grand concert is to take place at the Protestant Hall, Blacktown, this Saturday evening, in aid of the Blacktown Cricket Club. The following well-known local talent take part, viz., Messrs. E J Fulton, J J Herford, J G Tedder, J Wilcher, and E Bunt. The programme is a first-class one, and the Penrith visitors may leave here by the 6.30 train, and return by the midnight. DON'T COUGH.-Belief can be obtained imme diately. Use KEATINO'S COUGH LOZENGES," well ,known as the utterly unrivalled Cough Remedy. Strongly recommended by many eminent physcians. They at once check the cough and remove the cause-without any after effect ; the most delicate can therefore take them. One lozenge alone gives ease-one or two at bedtime ensures rest. Sold everywhere in tins, 13Jd each. A PRESENTATION.-On Saturday last Alderman Harrison, of Mulgoa, called at our office for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr R T McKnight, who won Mr T B Smith's trophy for the highest score in the recent rifle match, Mulgoa v Penrith. The trophy was in the Bhape of a lever watch, bearing the following inscription, viz : " Presented by T Jft Smith to R T McKnight, for highest score, rifle match, Mulgoa v Penrith, July 20th, 1895." Mr McKnight suitably responded. A VALUABLE DIAMOND LOST AND FOUND. On Tuesday last Mr. James Angus, junr" while oa «bis way to Penrith from Minchinbury, called at Mr. P. Savage's, Hairdresser, St. Marys. After having finished his business there,* he started for Penrith, where he was required as a witness in a Court case. On reaching Quarry Hill, he dis covered that a diamond ring he wore (valued at £75) was minus the diamond. He at once retraced his steps, keeping a sharp look out for the lost stone, but found nothing of it until he reached Mr. Savage's saloon, and there it was just in the door way of the shop. About a dozen people passfed in and out from the time Mr. Angus left till his return, but none of them saw the precious etone. THE RUPBBTSWOOD LITE BABY AND DEBATING SOOIET*.- Another meeting of the above Society was held in Rupertswood Church on Friday even ing, August 30th. Mr. R. McCook, Vice-President, occupied the chair. There was a very good attendance of both members and visitors, there being at least forty present. The subject was " An Evening with Mark Twain," and it was introduced by Mr. R. Bannatyne, who gave a very interesting sketch of his career from his boyhood upward. Mr T. Dixon gave a reading, describing his first literary adventure, and humorous readings were also given by MiiB S. Smith and Messrs. A. McCook and R. Methven from various works of the celebrated author. A most enjoyable evaning was spent, and this Society promises to be both amusing and instructive to the residents of the District. CRICKET.-A meeting was held at Tattorsall'a Hotel on Saturday evening last, at which it was decided to form a new Cricket Club, to be called " The Ivanhoe Cricket Club." The following gen tlemen were unanimously elected to the various offices, viz.Patron: Mr. T. R. Smith. M.L.A. President : Alderman W. Fulton (junr.), Mayor of Penrith. Vice-Presidents: Messrs. L. Litton, B. J. Fulton, A. Colless, D. Vallance, E. Higgs, A. York, R. Hamilton, and W. Player. General and Selection Committee: Messrs. F. E. Matthews, A. J. Butts worth, and S. J. Hamblin. Hon. Secretary and Treasurer: Mr, S. J. Hamblin, The subscriptions, limit of number of members, and other items were decided npon, and the next meeting fixed for Saturday evening, at the Red Cow Hotel, when applications for membership will be considered, and as the Secretary has almostsnfficient names already, early- application is necessary. Two trophies are already promised, and, judging from the enthusiasm displayed, the Club should have a very successful season. THE FIRE FIEND.-From almost every part of the Colony reports are being received of the fearful ravages of bush fires, and the consequent loss of valuable property. So far this district has not been tronbled to any great extent compared with some districts, although we have had a fair share. On Tuesday last a fire started somewhere on Mr. Frank Judges farm, Castlereagh, and it quickly spread over the farms of Messrs. Judges, Hadley and Childs, burning every vestige of grass or dry herb age in its course. A large number of workers were quickly on the scene, and they fought like very Trojans, succeeding in keeping the course straight on to the swamp between Messrs. Pedergon and Wright's farms. The wind was blowing fiercely at the time, and had there not been a large number of willing workers the fire would probably have covered the whole country, no doubt reaching as far as Penrith, the result being the loss of much valuable property and probably a large number of lives. The risk was indeed great and the damage to 'fences, and outbuildings has been considerable. The farmers in the locality are lotud in their praises of the great work carried out by such a large number of willing workers who succeded in subduing the flames. PBESBNTATION-Mrs. Williams and her daughter, who haya recently come from Robertson to Mulgoa, have been the recipients of-a handsome silver tea pot from their Robertson friends. The Misses Williams were ever ready to help in public enter tainments if they were in aid of religions and charitable objects, and, as their services had been pretty frequently obtained and 'willingly offered, it was thought that some expression of gratitude should be given, and the aforementioned present, accompanied by the following address, was sent from Bobertson to Mulgoa since their arrival in this district : " Dear Mrs. Williams,-A few of i your Robertson friends would like to convey to you and the Misses Williams expressions of the loss we feel in being severed from your companionship by your removal to another District; and we wish to make especial reference to the acceptable public services rendered by the Misses Williams in helping worthy looal objects so willingly by the exerciBe of their musical talents on so many occasions. We wish, further, to express our sincere desires for your future happiness and prosperity ; and ask you to favour us by accepting a small souvenir as a visible token of your happy connection with yoqr Bobertson friends in the days of Auld Lang Syne, We remain, your grateful friendi," etc, MILITARY.- To-day, at 3.30 p.m., the K Com pany, Penrith Volunteers, fall in at the Military Office, NEPEAN TIMES buildings, to take part in the third day's field training. Third Regiment band will be in attendance. REMOVAL.-Dr. Pym announces in another column that. he has removed to those centrally situated premises opposite the Penrith Court House. The premises have been thoronghly renovated, and will be found most convenient, not only to the Doctor but to his patients as well. A MISTAKE.-An error crept in our report of Mr. Lees' presentation last issue. Mr. A, Judges is reported to have said that it was Mr. Lees that selected the purse of sovereigns. We are informed that Mr. Lees was not consulted, and knew nothing of the nature of the presentation till the day it was presented. What Mr. Judges did say was that the Committee decided on the purse of sovereigns, not Mr. Lees. FOB INDIGESTION, the BEST BEMEDY is un doubtedly NOBTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS. They can confidently be recommended as being mild in operation and absolutely free from injurious drugs ; acting at once as a splendid tonic and a gentle aperient. For nearly 100 years they have proved UNEQUALLED for Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Sick Headache and for Liver and Stomach complaints. Sold in bottles, Is lid, 2s 9d, lis, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the world. A simple, and safe remedy. CHABITY CONCERT.-On Tuesday night next Penrith amateurs will give a concert and dramatic entertainment, at the Temperance Hall, Petaith, the funds to be devoted to the purchase' of an artificial limb for Miss Kerston. The young lady in question while on her way out to the colony met with an accident which cost her considerable pain, annoyance and expense, and she finally found her way to Penrith, where Dr. Shand successfully relieved her by amputating the limb. The young lady is left destitute and the concert is got up for the purpose of purchasing an artificial limb so that she may be enabled to earn a livelihood. There should be a large attendance. Alderman A. Reid is the promoter, and tickets are for Bale at the principal business houses. A THEATBE ON FIBE.-This happened recently, and a panic was only averted by the presence of mind of one of the actors. He was taking the part of a comic sailor. When the fire broke out, and the people were rising from their seats in terror, he leaped into the centre of the stage and commenced the sailors' hornpipe. The panic was averted, the fire was got under, and- the curtain came down amidsl a storm of cheers. All that is required at a crisis is presence of mind. When we are suddenly taken ill and know not which way to turn, if we only have the presence of mind to think of Holloway's Pills and Ointment all will be well and danger need not be feared. A GENUINE MUSICAL TBEAT.-Never, do we think, has there been such an array of genuine musical talent announced to appear at any previous concert than that promised us by the Hallewell Glee Club, on Friday, September 20tb. The following members will render solos: Mesdames Riley and Perry; Misses Edith King, Amy Simpson, Louie Galvin ; Messrs. F. J. Hallewell, Jas Hinchey, and E. J. Fulton ; Mr Harry Leston wfll give some of his famous humorous recitations ; Mr Vollmar, the leading 'cellist will render 'cello solos ; Mr Rivers Allpress, the leading violinist, will give violin solos, and last but not least Mr J. Edward Sykes, the celebrated organist and pianist will render piano tolos and accompany. As the advertisement announces, this is truly the largest array of musical' talent ever presented to a Penrith audience. Plan of reserved seats at Messrs. W. k E. Fulton's. Tickets should be secured early-in order to prevent dissapointment. WESLEYAN IMPROVEMENT SOOIETY. -A meeting of the above Society was .held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Tuesday evening last, about 35 being present. The President (Rev. W. H. Williams) occupied the chair. The subject for the night was a lecture on " Phrenology " by Mr. D. J." Worboys. After the meeting being opened in the uaqal way," the President, in a few well-chosen remarki," intro duced the lecturer to the audience. Mr. Worboys then gave a very instructive lecture on how phreno logy was first discovered, etc., until nine p.m. The Messrs. Hewarth then gave a very nice instrumental duet while the collection was being taken up, after which the lecturer invited several ladies and gentlemen to come forward and have their heads manipulated. Nine gentlemen and one lady came forward, and kept the audience in continual amuse ment until 10.15 p.m. After the lecture was finished a vote of thanks was given to Mr. Worboys, who, in responding, said he would give another at some future date, but then it would be a ladies' night. The meeting closed with the Benediction at 1® 30 p.m. The subject for next Tuesday night is a general election, to elect a Premier and Leader of the Opposition. A full attendance of members is requested, > A SPEOIAL MEETING O£ the "Y" Union was held in the Wesleyan Church on Tuesday, August 27th, for the purpose o£ electing a new Secretary as the former one had resigned, and .to appoint a delegate for the coming Convention. The officers of the W.C.T.U. were also invited to attend. Miss A. Worboys was appointed Secretary; Miss F. Haynes, delegate. After the business was over Mrs. Williams sang a solo ; Mrs. McKee read a paper on Daniel; Mrs. Bissland also read a paper, " Is Drink good for the trade ? " Mrs. J. Price grve a short Temperance address. The ladies of the " Y " Union then gave the W.C.T.U. members present a surprise by inviting them to have after noon tea in the Schoolroom with them, which, needless to say, everyone enjoyed. After the tea a vote of thanks was accorded the " Y " Union. The usual meeting of the above was held on Wednesday last, a fair number attending. Members would do well to atteDd more regularly. There are now 15 members. The Society is open to all ladies on the payment of Is per annum ,* gentler men njay join as honorary members, 2s 6d per annum. LAST BALL OF THE SEASON.--The third ball of the Penrith Social.Club, came off at the-Temper ance Hall, on Friday night of last week, and was a most enjoyable affair. The attendance was large, numbering some 26 couples, and excellent music was provided by Messrs. J. Wilcher (violin), E. Bunt (piano.), and C. Hey ward (comet). During the evening Mr. Rioketts, the celebrated young Australian composer and talented pianist, played an extra-his latest waltz- with wonderful pre cision and effect. Miss Bressington, Miss Madden, Messrs.W. Newell and W. Curry also played extras. Mr. J. J. Herfordj our prince of M.C.'s, as usual carried out bis duties to the satisfaction of all con cerned. The catering, which was in the hands of the lady committee, left nothing to be desired, and the hall had been as usual tastefully decorated. 3?he pleasant party broke up at 3 a.m., a pro gramme of some 24 dances having been gone through. The following is a list of mo3t of the dresses worn on the occasion :-Mis3' Turnbull, white silk and violets; Miss BT. yallance, cream cr6pe cloth, buttercup velvet; Miss Bonohoe, eau de-nil cashmere and swansdown ; Miss H. Turnbull, white silk, buttercup roses ; Miss A. Squires, cream silk and pansics ; Miss Yallance, black silk, cream silk and violets ; Mias Colless, pale blue cr6pe cloth, uilk chiffon; Miss Ethel Squires, cream crdpe cloth, green velvet and violets ; Miss King, cream silk ; Miss Broadfoot, cream eiik cr£pe, pale green silk ; Miss May Colics?, pale pink crdpe cloth and passementier ; Miss Lennox, cream hail, stone muslia and lace ; Miss Dowling, cream Batin ; Miss A. Dowling, eau-de-nil cashmere and lace ; Miss Ada Dowling, black serge, pink silk ; Miss M. | Bressington, cream silk, green velvet ; Miss Eunie, eau-de-nil cashmere and pink velvet j Miss T. I Eunie, black lace and roses ; Mrs. Mills, cream brocade ; Mrs, Hamblin, cream cashmere and lace J Mrs. Matthews, pole green silk, cream velvet; Mrs, A. Turnbull, black silk and jet. The following fancy dresses were also noticeableMiss Wiggan, Buttercup ; Miss Deane, Neapolitan Shepherdess; Miss K. Lennox, Forget-me-not j Miss Litton, School-girl i Mr. J. Barlow, Spanish Dancer f Mr. If. J, Thorndike, Orioketerj Mr. W. Newelli Highlander, ENTERTAIWMEKT AT MULOOA.-The entertain ment given at Mulgoa on Wednesday night last, in aid of St. Nicholas' Church Bailding Fund, was, taken on the whole, a real good one. but the attend ance was miserably small, and those who volun teered their services are grieved to find the balance on the wrong side of the book. Each of the per formers, although having to face a beggarly dis play of empty benches, acquitted themselves admir ably. The following were the performers :-Misses Laing, Doyle (2), and Wiggan, Messrs T 0 Stenmark, F Slaughter, J B Shaw, A Reid, H J Thorndike, D Daniels, J Wilcher, 25 Bunt, 0 Heyward, J Tipping, 0 Fulton, E Shaw, T Gildea, A Golless, and others. The entertainment will be repeated at St. Marys on Wednesday night. ME WILLIAM HKNRT PALING.-The death of Mr. W. H. Paling on August 27th, 1895, evoked widespread emotions, connected with the esteem in which the deceased gentleman was held by all who knew him, and by many who had beard of bis public benefactions. Mr Paling was a native of Rotterdam, and achieved 70 years of age, 42 of which were honorably spent in Australia. As a musician, he won artistic repute ; as a trader, he wa3 revered for his integrity ; as a magistrate, of the old-time, he was implicitly trustworthy ; as an Alderman, he displayed patriotism; and, as a citizen, he waa beloved for his true philanthropy. The Carrington Hospital at Camden is an enduring monument to his benevolence for the suffering, he having donated the property far that purpose, and endowed, it with £10,000. Mr. Paling was the head of the well- known firm of W. H. Paling is Co., Limited, Piano and Music Importers. We are informed that the business is a Joint Stock Company, and that it will be carried on as usual; and without any changes or alteration, under the management of Mr. P. F. Marich, who has for about eight years past been the Deputy Managing Director. I 