GREAT DAMAGE DONE. LARG*E AREAS OF GRASS DESTROYED, HOUSES BURNT DOWN. With tho exception of the Riverina dis" trict, nearly the wholo of Now South Wales is. not only suffering from a pro longed drought, but bush fires have been raging nearly, all over tho country. In many places miles of fencing and grass have .been destroyed, and a number of buildings burned down. At the time of writing there is no indication of a change in the weather. The strong north-west' winds that have prevailed have had , a serious effect upon the crops, many . of which are in a languishing condition. Should rain hold off much longer the summer fruit crops will be likely to be very light ones in many districts. Such exception ally dry weather as is now/ being expe rienced so early in the season has caused some anxiety amongst pastoralists, and unless a change in the weather for the better soon takes place the outlook for pasture feed during . the ensuing summer is not very promising. In Queensland things aro in about the same condition with regard to the weather and the state of tho crops.. On the Darling Downs the young wheat is /reported to be ' in a stunted condition, and the present ' indications point to the crop being a very light one. In Victoria good rains have fallen nearly all over the colony, which have greatly benefited both crops and pastures.' BEGA, Monday.-The drought con tinues, although there is every appearance of rain.. Bush, fires continue to consume areas of dry grass, and all the ranges around have been, burning for the last ten days. The gale has now ceased. Dur ing its height many houses were unroofed at Numbugga, near here, the iron being carried into the gullies. Bush fires have swept nearly everything before them, and cattle were burnt in the paddocks, and wallabies have been destroyed in scores. ' The families of Warren and Whyman had to work night and day to save their houses from destraction. The burning ranges made a great illumination at night. The forests have been thinned without Government aid, but it is now required to clear the roads of the fallen trees. Many sheds, verandahs, and fences were blown down in the vicinity of Bega. Tho fire at Sattler's broke out during the fierce gale, and the church bell was rung to rouse'the inhabitants. If the firehad broken outwhere the buildings are close together, the whole of the town must have gone. All stock i are very weak, and the milk supply is ( daily falling off. Farmers are skinning their cattle out at Candelo to save their hides, and the largest duirymen are resort ing to feeding cattle. At Eurobodalla, Cow droy's large barn and milking sheds, and Coman's residence and adjoining buildings are burned down by.bushfires. , BOMBALA, Monday.-Dry weather still prevails here, with high westerly winds. A few bush fires are reported, but these are chiefly brush fences, and no great damage has been done at present. Grass is scarce, and the stock are "dying from the severity of the winter frosts. CAMDEN, Monday.-The; local tweed factory narrowly escaped destruction on Saturday night. About half-past 9 smoke was observed issuing from the second floor of the building, when it was found that ' several bags,of wool- had' become ignited. After some trouble the fire was extin guished, the only damage being the loss of the wool. Had the fire got a firm hold, nothing could have saved the wholo building from total destruction. CLIFTON, Monday.-A thick, fog en veloped Clifton tor several hours yester day, che township being in a Btate of semi darkness during that time. The weather is still dry, and the heat from bush fire's is very oppressive. If. ; rain does; not fall soon, there is every probability of serious consequences folio wing tho continued drought. CAPERTEE, ' Monday.-Consequent upon the high winds prevailing recently, a great portion of Cherry Tree, on the Mudgee-Capertee-road, has been burnt, and the grass or many selectors there has been completely burnt. The weather in this district is fearfully dry. Lambing is almost a failure, and unless rain, inter venes shortly, great numbers of stock will assuredly perish. GUNDAGAI, Monday.-No bush fires have occurred in this district during the present season, but owing to the great scarcity of graBS during the winter months in all parts of the district hundreds of sheep, cattle, and horses have succumbed. On the temporary common alone, adjacent to the town, upwards of 100 cattle have died, j and the same cry from the farmers of tho loss of valuable stock is much in evidence from almost every quarter. Since the disappearance of the winter frosts the young grass has grown rapidly, and the drought has now practically broken up. GOUL BURN, Monday.-Tho drought prevailing has been very destructive. There is little or no vegetation, and the ground is hard and dry. Gales of wind have been blowing daily. No bush fires have been reported. HAYü Monday.-Tho weather continues dry in this district, but so far there is no lack of grass and -water. Pastoralists and selectors have been sending their fat sheep to Sydney, "where excellent prices have been obtained during the past few weeks. If rain does not fall shortly crops will be at least a partial failure, and grass will be scarce in summer. Shearing is progressing smoothly, and a number of sheds aro nearly cut out. No bush fires have been reported. In com parison with other parts of the. colony, this district has been favored" by the weather; rain falling now would ensure a fair season. .' '. '...'.' - KIAMA, Monday.--The homestead of Mr. John Love, O.P., was burnt to tho ground on Saturday áfternoon. It is sup posed that a spark from a chimney set the roof alight. "With the exception of a piano and some elothing, everything was des troyed; but the outhouses were saved with difficulty. TARbJE, Monday.- A fire occurred on Saturday afternoon at the Presby terian manse, when some shavings and rubbish ignited under the building, burning the floor in several places, but the flames were extinguished, without further ! damage. The clergyman (Mr. Crane) and his wife were absent in Sydney at the time. ; . I WOLLONGONG, ' Monday.-There has been no rain to benefit the crops or grass in this district since February. The best of paddocks are but short and dry, with a faint indication of spring- time in view. The feed crops, such as sorghum and maize, planted in the summer time, is usually about cut ont this time of the year. The farmers for some time have been very dependent on bought feed, hay, bran, &c.; At the prices thereof and the price of milk, they complain of there being no margin for profit. Most of the farmers, in" fact, have been purchas ing feed enough to keep the cows alive. A few showers that fell in August enabled some of the farmers to get their land ready for the summer planting, of feed, but the rain, has to be awaited". ' Everything being so dry this season with the high westerly winds, the bush fires spread down the sides of the mountains on to the low lands to the north of Wollongong, and extended down to the beach. Many residenc.es were threatened, but no serious damage is reported. Some outhouses and a stock yard on Yarvail's farm, Mount OuBley, were burnt, also an old house in the same locality which was unoccupied. At Marshall Mount to South . Wollongong, near the mountains, a bush .<?, fire has burnt: off Weston's and Arnold's paddocks. Between Dapto and Albion Park a number of bush fires are raging in the paddocks, and farmers have to work night and day to save the fences. The fire reached close to the entrance of the Corrimal Colliery,-and a i great fight had to be in ade to keep i bf rpm ( doing serious damage. Some bridges near the KeiraC olliery and the railway sleepers caught, and men are being employed to watch them. The water is almost used up on some of the farms, and householders in the town who aro dependent on the rain supply aro experiencing great incon venience. BLACKHEATH, Tuesday.-Bush fires are the cause of much anxiety-here. At Paradise, where they "are. still burning, several houses are in danger; most of- the fencing is threatened, and a quantity has . been destroyed. Over 'fifty men are at work endeavoring to overcome the flames. Towards Mount Victoria the flames have set fire to the railway sleepers, and the . fence on either sidè : has ' been burnt down. BULLI, Tuosday.-Tho town- is covered in dense smoke from the bush fires. A 'great bush fire is raging on tho mountains between the Woonona and South Bulli Mines. Huge volumes of smoke are drift ing seawards, and obscuring the ocean altogether, except along the immediate foreshore.- . , HARTLEY VALE, Tuesday.-Most of the grass on the mountains and in the , valley has been destroyed by the bush fires, which are still raging. - The fencing has also suffered considerably. LAWSON, Tuesday.-For the past two days several residences haye been threat ened by the bush fire's, which have been beaten back, however, by . the men on watch. Some outhouses have been de molished, and Danto'a Glen, one of tho sights of Lawson, has been devastated by the flames. ~ ; LIVERPOOL, Tuesday. - Disastrous bush fires raged all day yesterday, and, it is reported, did much damage. Fires started in the vicinity of Bull's Hill and ' swept across to. Cabramatta, where se vera! houses were in jeopardy, the fire actually reaching the doors of Messrs. Bossley and Merritt's residence. Several China men were completely burnt out; in one instance, two managed to escape with their blankets only. At Woodland's dairy a great fight occurred with tho flames. Mr. Newall having much difficulty to save tho premises. At Cecil Park, it is reported, Mrs. Hautrave's residence has been burnt' down; it was only recently constructed, and was insured. . The dévastation about the district is terrible. MOUNT VICTORIA, Tuesday. -The. town is enveloped in smoke from the surrounding bush fires. Yesterday after noon Leicester Cottage, occupied by, Miss Plummer, caught from the bush fire at Kanimbla, and WAS reduced to. aBhes in half an hour. * It was insured for ¿G500. Several other places have been menaced, including the stationmaster's house at Bell, and the public school, which were only saved by the moat strenuous efforts. MULGOA, Tuesday.-The drought is causing great mortality among stock, and thora is no water between here and St. Marys. ' "] NEWCASTLE, Tuesday.-The weather this morning shows a decided improve ment, as the wind has changed to tho north-east, and it is now cool. Bush fires are still raging in the. surrounding coun try, and people in the mining townships who are not in touch with the water supply aro carting water from nearest source. NARRABRI, Tuesday.-Thé weather «as been very hot.lately. Rain is wanted badly to lay the dust and freshen the crops that are dying for want of water. The river is very low, and is almost dry in some places. The country round about is very bare and dry. There is scarcely a blade of grass to be seen. Carriers are compelled to carry feed for the horses. The town was visited by a fearful dust storm last week. The school and business places at Narrabri West were compelled to close at 1 o'clock on account of tho storm. It lasted without any abatement till half - past 5 in the afternoon. There was not a vestige of gravel to be seen in the streets, and all the footbridges wese swept clean. RICHMOND, Tuesday.-The surround ing country is ablaze. Firos are raging in the Grose Valley, Kurrajong, Bull .Ridge, Blaxland's Ridge, Kurrajong Slopes, and Wilberforce Heights; and the whole of the Kurrajong is enveloped in smoke. On the Kurrajong Heights the residences of Miss Dorkins, Mr. Michael Riley, Mrs. Riley, Mr. John Senior, Mr. John Wilson, Mr. Robert Pitt, and part of Mr. C. Pittman's house have been burnt to tho ground. Many other places narrowly escaped destruction. SPRINGWOOD, Tuesday.-The house of Mr. T. li. Lucas, at Single's Ridge, has been destroyed by bush fires,'and fencing is ablaze in all directions. A fire is ex tending from Linden down Falconbridge Gully, and the Sassaras Gully is threatened. STROUD, Tuesday.-Those portions of the. country around this district are in great demand by stockowners whose pas tures have been burnt out. Stock are dying every where. WARRED, Tuesday.-Nearly 1200 acres of good grass on Haddon Rigg Station were destroyed on Saturday by fire. The dryness of the season is causing serious loss to station holders. Feed is getting very scarce, though stock generally are in fair condition. Rain is badly wanted. 