"BY Order of the Mortgagee." A SKETCH FROM LIFE. [By " Selector," in the Melbourne Argus.) "Hulloa! You up in this quarter again? Jump up, and come with me. I'm going down to a sale at Pine Ridge to pick up a few springers. We'll be back for tea." This from old Carter, a well-conditioned farmer, whom I met the other day driving along a dusty three-chain Goulburn Valley road. I readily complied with the invitation, and was soon seated alongside the old man. " Have a pull at the wator-bag—there it hangs. Confoundedly hot; this wind will bring up a change." I agreed with his remarks on the weather, and helped myself to the contents of the water bag. In the early days Carter was carrying on the roads, first t6 Bendigo and M'lvor, and then to the Ovens. When the Land Act of '60 sent the men from the goldflelds swarming up over the Dividing Range on to the dry plains of the north, Carter went with the crowd and settled down near the river. With a good helpmate and five young sters still in their teens, but trained to work, a flve-horse team and outfit, some spare cash, and a good knowledge of the practical details incidental to pioneer- Ing, which his rough life on the roads had given him, he started with fair pro spects. Seventy-eight the year of rust, and total failure in the crops, gave him a big shaking. Jack, the elder son. who had attained his majority two or three years previously, had gone up on to the Murray frontage and selected for him self. Of course the dad set him up. and In addition had purchased a neighbour's farm with a ylew of ultimately pro viding for Bob and the three,,girls, so that he was widely spread when the blow fell. It caused a mild financial panic in the valley that weeded out the wastors, and sent not a few of the l>etter men to the wall besides. Carter and his family had all they knew to pull through, but luird work mid harder living for a few years put them on their feet, iind they are now well off. His farm of 000 acres is debt free, and well Improved, and he owns a traction engine and travelling thrashing and chaffcut ting plant, which does work for the farmers over a very wide district. A big. burly, red faced, way hendc<l man. untidy In dress, rough in manner and in speech. b\it with n bright, kindly tye and a cheery laugh, such a mnn Is Carter. Uneducated, so far as the learning of the schools is concerned, but shrewd, observant, thoughtful: chokcful of knowledge in regard to every phase of our bush life, with which his work has brought him so closely in touch, he is just such a man as one Inte rested in country development would count it a privilege to have a chut with. "Well, how has the season gone in tin? valley ?" " Like everywhere else. bad. Bob was only out ten weeks with the thrasher, against fourteen last season ; Sin. of rain In October cooked the crons on the crab-holey land, and three brick fielders, one after the other, in Novem ber brought down the yield of the rest.*' " And the low prices ?" " Lord, they're awful; wheat eigh( bob a bag. oats three bob : ' it's the bit of milk.' as Pat says, ' that's the saviug of the cockies this year.'" " And will many farmers be driven out ?" " Yes, poor devils, any number. The local papers are full of clearing sales, but there are no buyers, and the unfor tunate seller gets little or nothing for the implements and stock he has takcm years to get together at great cost." v " And where avo the men going?" I " H(\ij?k of them up Into Now Soutl Wales Boh and I look a turn round last year to have n look at the country, mid 1 tell you they nre going to draw off a mighty lot of our farmers. The sta tion are letting thousands of acres on the shares system : the squatter finds and clears the land, and provides tlio seed ; the farmer puts in the crop and takes it oft*, and gives half the yield as rent to the squatter ; to men without capita], but who have horses and imolo meats, it is the last chance, and they go for It. Around Berrlgan and Naiaii dera tens of thousands of acres are beln^ taken up ; at Cootamumlra and Coola mon It is the same, and away up at Young. 300 miles from Sydney, some of our own neighbours are settling ; they can get their grain hauled all that dis tance to Sydney for the same price as it costs us to send it from the local sta tion to Melbourne—l2o miles." *' What do you think of Alt*. Irvine's proposal to ease Uown tho payment of mclpHoi'm 1 rents ?" " It is the only way ?tit of a lad .fob ; it is better to keep tho mm at work than force them out. and that's what'll hap pen if the department threatens to press. The other creditors will get alarmed and screw the men up. I s«e Rest has been talking a good deal, but I am afraid lie doesn't know much about the matter. Poor Victoria is low down when she has to rely on a team ol city lawyers to steer her through her difficulties : why. if you brought the whole crowd out here, they wouldn't know a springer from a steer." " Bt>* don't you think a lot of farmers wouil take advantage of the new scheme, who could well afford to pay "Not if there's any busfuess savee in the department. Let a man who wants to avail himself of its piovisions furnish returns allowing his position and income, as be would have to do to any other creditor from whon lie was asking time to pay, and the schemers can be spotted ut once, ana the stragglers saved from worry and trouble that is well nigh killing them. They'll soon find how precious few are in a position to pay up." " And resuming part of the selection o wipe out arrears ?" "It won't act in the North ; it may do in Glppsland and the heavily-tim bered ranges. Now, there's poor old Breakhart, whose wile Wf> are going to He worked for me the first three years we were up here ; theMi selected 3*>o acres, worked hard, sometimes for him self, sometimes for his neighbours. When his lease fell duo he had to bor row. Rust, sickness, drought, locusts bushfires, and caterpiiiji-a have from time to time set him back, and he had to increase his borrowings ; he has f S ss. an acre on his land, jmd pays 8 per ceut. The storekeeper hns a stock mort gage on his horses and cattle, and had a lien on his crop. Be. fnrc harvest he had to come to me to horrow a few pounds to help him through the harvest Every year since we've been out Bob has thrashed for him. This season when he had done with him it was pitiable to see the result; 100 acres wheat, two bags to the acre, at 8s : JO acres barley, three bugs, 12s • 20 acres oats, six bags, 35.; total result, iloJ. It cost him at le:ist £50 to put it S.w rJ*?6^."^ 8? Ihat left hil? i iL P ut of tiliB he hIJB t0 i??y *?? to £90 for a year's Interest. Perhans he knocked £10 or £15 out of hi* rows. At the best the man had about £25 to pay wear and tear arid twicer. He is behind with his inform!-, and seeing no prwspwt of pulling up, Jls ked his mort gagee to foreclose. A nor struggling for twenty years to gel. nu his fj*t he 1h going out with a <<ou ( i;<\- of horses a dray and a double-furrow plough. You could buy the lot for £.'{O.' || Where is the j>oor follow going ?" Up near Narandera with a neigh bours son to try the shares system " We were ait Breakhart's slip-rails now. ,™ ?«ctloneer's red Hag was stuck in !!? f, tb! Blte P?Bts- T?e house was fmck about twenty chains from the road. fc «E? JTTk UP the aMctio?eer mounted Sf -Li and be *an reading the conditions lot sale; forty or llfty persons were grouped around him, and a few strag jglers were scattered over the yard leisurely inspecting the stock and imple- C2!?\i^ c Boon UIlhlt«*«l and had the horse tied to the yard fence. Carter jnounted a chock-aud-log fence, and care- Jessly watched tlie proceedings, while I (edged up to the group at the cart. #i,I V I MI wa';, boln X sold •• hy order of tthe mortgagee." £2 ss. an acre could emain by way of mortgage on the hold ing at ( per cent ; for the balance one third cash, and two bills, one at twelve and one at twenty-four months, would be taken : the highest bidder was to be the purchaser. Then came a descrlp -2 Vi ? th? farm--320 acres rich land, Well- fenced, subdivided into six pad docks, watered by a well and two dams: cottage, stabling, dairy yards, &c.; The auctioneer in seductive tones begged «for an offer, just to start him, but after fruitless efforts the attempt was given up, and it was intimated that buyers could treat privately for it on the terms indicated. " Now, gentlemen, we will pass on to the stock and Implements." There was a slight stir, and a couple of neighbours came round with a can of l>eer and a jimg. A liltlo Irishman with a squeak ing volw lod off with Iho mug. and wished "Mr. Hivakharl a dashed good pale. A gray mare, six years old, eruanintecd any trial in any kind of har ness, was lod out, and, after a number of bids, coming slowly, was knocked flown at £8. the little Irishman being the purchaser. A junky horse, strong md useful, went at £10, another at to 10s., and a hack at 255. The Implements included a stripper and rtinnower, which had worked for four seasons, and cost £85 new, and a reaper and binder which had seen three years' service, and cost £05. For both a promissory note, due on the Ist Feb ruary next without interest, would be taken ; the stripper was passed in, the binder sold for £14. A single-furrow plough went for 155.; a double, in good order, for £5 10s.; a spring cart with the tiros a bit looso. but otherwise good, for £"•; harness for a song : a big threo i horse Mcarinor. worth £M now, for £4 10s.: a sot of harrows for 255., a wag gonotto for £7 JOs.. odds and onds for a few shillings. Then tho rattle—half-a iloxoti stoors. a fow mlves, and several old cows—wont for absurdly low rates ; half-a-dozen springers brought from 50s. to 755. each. I nudged Carter, along side whom I was now sitting. " I thought you wanted springers, old man " " Not good enough," ho grunted. Two nice half-bred Ayrshire cows were then lod out, and interest at once centred on them. "These are Mrs. Breakhart's favou rite cows, gentlemen. They are both in full profit, and splendid dairy cows, ns you can see. The near one is Daisy, the other Beauty, I'll offer Daisy first. How much for her V " Fifty shillings," shouted some one. "Go along man ; make me an offer I can accept. Murphy, hand round that beer. Gentlemen, this country Is going to the dogs. I've been all the afternoon belting my lungs out to sell £70 worth of stuff ; it cost Breakhart £350 at least to put it together. I must give up this game and go into Parliament." " You'll never see the big House. You're not a Liberal of the old school " "Thank God for that, Mick. You don't want to see a respectable neigh bour end up a useful career by roosting on a three- legged stool for seven bob a day. like Jack Gardiner, do you ?" "Not while there's a blanket and a mia-raia left in Victoria," squeaked the Irishman. " Bully for you, Mick," shouted Young Australia. Attention was again directed to the cows, and this time Daisy was starts at 80s. by a big, strong-minded woman, who elbowed her way through the crowd. "855.," "005.," "9C.5.," "97 8 6d.," " £5," " £5 2s. <M." came in rapid succession. The latter bid was the old lady's, and it seemed as though Daisy would be hers. " The last mil," shout/Ml the auctioneer. Carter caught his eye and nodded. "Guineas," he yelled triumphantly, and looked hard at the old lady. She nodded also. "7s Od " the auctioneer gait! with a grin, lookin-' our way. Carter again nodded. " £5 ios " " Don't bid against the widdy. Mr. Car ter, squeaked a little Irishman. But the widdy" was done, and Carter got the cow and also her companion, after further spirited bidding, at £6. Then followed the household effects. They were wretchedly meagre and paltry and In keeping with the cheerless home a four-roomed weather-board shell with a log hut at the back. I caught sight of Mrs. Breakhart here—sad-eyed and melancholy, as our bush life leaves so ninny of our women all too soon. She brightened later on when Carter went up and spoke to her. The children were quiet and shy-three little girls and a rudily-faced boy of 14. Breakhart had been moving about during the Bate au tall spare man, with stooped shoul ders, a bronzed careworn face, hair turning gray, not a spare ounce of flesh on his frame. Twenty years of pioneering work on hard fare had taken all the heart out of him. It was sad to think that now, when respite should come to him, lie and his wife and little ones had to move on and begin the dreary task again. There was the dray with a home-made tilt of ba-js slung over a couple of bent saplings, in which they were to start to-morrow morning. Before evening they will have crossed the Murray, and left Victorian soil. Breakhart came up to us as we were hitching up. He poured out his heartfelt thanks to Carter, for he had just learned that the old man had given the two cows to Mrs. Breakhart. When we got home for lea I discovered that Bessie, the only girl at home now. and the dad had planned it all, and that he had no other purpose in visiting the sale. INTERCOLONIAL EIGHT-OAR CHAMPIONSHIP-THE QUEENSLAND CHEW. [Photo by Wiley. 