Latest Intelligence. (Br TELEanaPc.) (rOpn OUn owr conRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Monday' Night. Last week's railway receipts show a falling off of £9172. Typhoid is increasing in Victoria. 195 cases, with 16 deaths, are reported to the Board of Health for the whole colony, last week. A bushfire at Lancefield is still blazing, and it is feared, unless checked by rain fall, it will reach the ownship of Pyalong. Tie Southern Insurance Co. have de clared a dividend of 10 per cent. G. R. Perks, South Richmond, has waon first prize in the A.N.A. art union. The Minister of Railways is going to submit a scheme to the Cabinet for flnd ing work for the unemployed during the coming winter. Tie Lormer Board sat this morning, but no evidence was taken. Mr. David Gaunson, counsel for Mr. Rappiport, J.P., again complained that his client had not been furnished with fullparticulars. Tile Charges Board then made a peremptory order for full particulars of the charges against all justices directly concerned inl the inquiry, to be supplied by 1Wednesday next. If the order is not complied with, the inquiry will be closed. Arthur James alias Sundels was ordered to pay fines amounting to £28, or 12 months' imprisonment at the Carlton Court, ona charges of assaulting citizens and using obscene language. There are only fourteen cases down for trial in .the divorce sittings to be com menced on Friday next. There were 150 applicants at the Vic toria Barracks to-day for 45 vacancies in the Permanent Artillery. A good many were from country districts. iWheat market quiet. Quotation, prime, nominally 5s. Oats, dull. Maize, 3s 8d to 3s 9d. First forfeits for Newmarket Handicap and Australia Cup declared to-day. Tie principal scratchings for Newmarket HIandicap are Vanitas, Inspiration, Kelp, Mialula, Lord Richmond, The Engineer. Australian Cup, Patron, Toreador, Aquarius, Lord Charles Scott. All well backed. George Tutton, of Queen's Walk, was committed for trial on a charge of forging and uttering a ticket from hIelbourne to Townsville, Queensland. 