. ... js-EVimfr-THUNDERSTORMS. - . T ' v :| ;. HEAVY RAIN AND HAIL. . . DAJMAOE TO .CROPS AND PROPERTY.' : \ esterday forenoon the weather was very sultry indeed, b«t between 1 and 2 o'clock a , thunderstorm accompanied by heavy rain and] hail and vivid lightning passed over the city. . For about a quarter of an hour the rain de scended in torrents, and the street channels were speedily running almost level with the footpaths. The:storm soon passed away, however, and no damfige resulted in the city from flood waters. ' Afterwards light showers fell at intervals and continued up to a late hour at night, when there j were indications of a further downpour. During . the storm some very large hailstones fell. Up to S'.o'clock at night 32 points of rain were re gistered at the local observatory. The black smith's shop on the New Red, White and Blue Freehold Company's mine was blown over dur ing the gale. The readings at Mr. J. B.Edwards', jeweller, yesterday were:-Thermometer, 9 a.m., 71° ; 12, .79°; 3 p.m., 74°; 6 p.m., 08°; maximum, 80° ; minimum, 62°. Barometer, 9 a.m., 29'2o°; 3 p.m., 29-09°; 6 p.m., 29-14°. ,. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) j COLBINABBIN, 10th November. A heavy thunderstorm was experienced here to-day. Though rain is welcome for many things haj'-makers are not too pleased to see., it come just before carting in. Gardens and lateir crops are sadly in need of it. Water for household uses was in many places badly wanted, many residents having had to cart it already. i EAGLEUAWK-, 16th November. About 1 o'clock to-day a thunder and hail storm of unusual severity, accompanied by very strong wind, passed over the town.. Hailstones fell:thick and fast, many being as large as the topjof a man's finger. The wind blew down 1 several trees and unroofed the house of Messrs. Galptti and Gibbs, in the vicinity of the Catherine, .-.Windows were.in some instances broketi by the hailstones.;. j' ECIIUCA, 16th November. This afternoon a very heavy thunderstorm occurred, no less than 60 points of rain- falling in 1'2 minutes. The streets were partly flooded, tlieUvater entered many dwellings, roofs were blown oil' houses, and trees were uprooted. The wind which accompanied the rain and hail was very violent. The standing crops here suffered a good deal through being knocked about, and moit of the hay will have to be turned over again. At 4 o'clock rain again commenced to fall! ? ELMORE, lGth November. A welcome break in the weather took place this afternoon. The morning was close and sultry, and at about 1.45 p.m. a thunderstorm passed over," the ~ place being enveloped in dust for'several minutes, and the wind blew with great force from the north-west. Twenty points of rain fell, about sufficient to settle the dust. The thermometer ran down from 96 degrees to ; 69 degrees in less than an hour, but rose a few degrees after the storm. The dams need re plenishing,. and the orchards and vineyards would benefit bj" a heavy downpour. Hay making operations are in full swing in this neighborhood, and heavy rain would discolor the hay. GOORNONG, 16th November. A terrific dust storm followed by a heavy shoSver of rain occurred at half- past 1 this after noon. . During its continuance the wind blew wifih hurricane force, and the dust rose like dense smoke from a bushfire, obscuring objects at ii few yards distance. Heavy rain at the present time would injure the unstacked hay, buti would fill the wheat crops and materially increase the season's yield. ' Since writing the above heavy rain has again set in, with every appearance of, a continuance. ! , . ROCHESTER, 16th November. The weather during the last week has been excessively hot, the thermometer reaching 98 decrees.! ; This morning it was very close and sultry, but 'this afternoon a thunderstorm ac companied by rain broke over the district. Previous to the rain a terrific duststorm.was bio-wing. The weather is mueli cooler now (4 p.nji.) and light rain is falling. 