THEY SAY — " w That New South Wales' has been singu larly unfortunate in regard to Marine . disasters. That the Queen in bestowing the dis tinction of the new order (Victorian) has recognized only those of rank and title. xflcvu among' uxio icw w nu uuiaiqgu tiio distinction of the new Victorian order, Sir Dighton Probyn, treasurer and comtroller of the Prince of Wales household, is in the front rank, as he is one of the best soldiers, in the British army, and has won the coveted decoration of the Victoria Cross. which is "for valour only." That the Tzar's coronation is the greatest - event of recent European history. That the Nihilists would like to see- some of the money spent in pageantry to commemorate the coronation of the Czar- of Russia, expended in feeding some of the thousands who are foodless. That in the opinion of Mr. Cowan P.M., the trains running between Perth and Fremantle, are managed in a go-as-you- please style. That in the opinion of the same magis trate, it is a wonder that loss of life has not often occurred, consequent upon the: irregular proceedings of guards of trains. That France is showing hysterical . sympathy with the coronation of the Czar- of Russia. That in England, the centre of- Her- Majesty's dominions, the Queen's birthday ' is not regarded as a universal holiday. That in this regard, the colonials show more loyalty, although it is doubtful if it - is out of respect for sport, and not for Royalty. Thdfc it is a matter for regret that the- Irish party in the House of Commons, should still be divided. That in Ireland's division England finds, her strength. That Cecil Rhodes, the rejected Premier- of South Africa, is trying to show himself a soldier. That a young man named George Goring; r Lewis, walked 1,220 miles of bush country ' from Port Augusta to Coolgardie in six: weeks, a record feat no doubt, but one the Writer would not care to essay. : That 'Oom Paul Kriiger, the President of the Boers, is handling Judas Chamber lain in a manner the latter does not ap- / preciate. That a consulting engineer in Kalgoorlie- receives from several companies an income Af i>on nnn .->» A AvnamoAo V oWMVjWv ClllAVt CAjFvUOUijt That the Rev. Mr. Rowe, when he speaks, of the Sisters of the People— to whom all honour — as an "order" shows that, like many Ritualist parsons, he does not- know the meaning of the Catholic terms he borrows. That the tickets for the Jubilee Bazaar Art Union are going like a bush-fire. That the bazaar promises to be a great- success. That it is the talk of the town. That the dogs belonging to aboriginals are a source of danger. That a little child was worried by some of these curs in Perth last Tuesday. That a woman who went to the child's- assistance was also bitten. 