LOCAL AND GENERAL.. Suicide. — James Mariarngo, a prospector, committed suicide the other day by drown ing himself in a well at White Peak. Lost in the Bush. — A man named Barnes, camped at Shea's camp, wandered away from his tent on Sundav Ia.rL and has not since been heard of. Gold Riturns.— The total amount of gold entered at the Customs during the month of January was 16,350ozs. valued at £62,130. Custom Returns. — The total receipts of the Customs for the month of January amounted to £61,699 6s. 3d., as against <£40,764 17s. 3d. for the corresponding month in 1895. The Attorney-General. — It is under stood that Mr. Sept. Burt, the Attorney- General, will resign his portfolio in the course of the coming week, and the position offered to Mr. Walter James, M.L.A. Coolgardie Railway. — Rapid progress is boing made with the construction of the Coolgardie railway. A start has been made at the Coolgardie end, and it is expected t.iafc ih'3 whole length will be open for traffic in about a month or six weeks. Native DisTURBANCES.-Cohsiderable dis turbances have taken place in the blacks' camp at Yalgoo. Although spears were thrown about very freely, yet no one was seriously hurt. A black-tracker had a spear sent through his leg. A native gin was the causo of all the trouble. Suiuaco Progress Association. — The regular monthly meeting of the Subiaco Progress Association was held on Wednes day last. Mr. J. Laurence in the chair. Considerable business was transacted, the most important matter discussed being that relating to the night-soil question. Goldfields Water Supply. It has decided to excavate seven three- million gallon tanks on the Eastern gold- fields at a cost of £44,000. These will be situ ated as iollows One each at Siberia, Kin- tore Group, Kurnalpi, Hayes' Find, Mount Jackson, and Londonderry District. Bush Fires. In order to make the heat still more hard to bear, bush-fires have beou raging all round Perth and Fremantle (luring the last week, and instead of having the afternoon breoze, cool and refreshing, it reaches us laden with warmth that is almost unbearable. Perth Water Works. — Since our last issue the purchase of the Perth Water Works has been completed by the Anglo French corporation. Bain on the Goldfields. — It is pleasing to note that although we in Perth are suffering from intense heat, rain and cool weather are prevailing on the goldfields. On Wednesday night heavy rains fell at Bullabulling, twenty miles this side of Coolgardie. Three feet of water was added to that already in the dam. The Purchase of the Town Hall. — A special meeting of the Perth City Council was held iast Tuesday to discuss the offer of the Government to purchase the Town Hall. After considerable dis- cussion it was decided to call a public meet- ing and hear the views of the ratepayers on the question. Bevbnue Beturns. — The Bevenue Be- turns for the month of January aB supplied by the TTnder- Treasurer must be very grati fying to all who desire to see the colony prosper. The total amount is given at 4>130,729 5s. 3d., as against J»100,314 12s. 3d. for the corresponding month of last year, or an increase of 30 per cent. Quarrels Amongst the Colored Baces. — Boebourne has been thrown into a state of excitement during the past few dayB through the quarrelling propensities of the Japanese and Manillamen there. Knives have .been freely used, and severe wounds inflicted. Japanese women are said to be the cause of all the trouble. Co-operation. — The Bureau of Agricul ture has issued a circular letter to all branch bureaus and agricultural and fruitgrowers' societies in the colony, call ing their attention to the resolution in favour of co-operation, passed at the annual conference of producers held under the auspices of the Bureau in April of last year. Scarcity of Trucks on the Southern Line. — The scarcity of trucks on the Gov ernment railways is causing serious loss to traders and others. The mill owners and others on the Southern line say that unless things alter very "much they will have to close down their mills and stop work in all branches of the timber trade. Subiaco Hospital. — The Victoria Hos pital, at Subiaco, is to be put into use again on account of the Colonial Hospital, in Perth, being full. The magnificent pile of buildings just erected alongside the hospital, in Goderich-street, is not for the use of patients, as supposed, but solely for the accommodation of the staff. Poor patients! Happy staff! Chinamen in the Nor'-West. — The cry is already heard of the Chinese on our fields, who are now employed as teamsters, carpenters, wood-cutters, cooks, waiters, water haulers, and gardeners, to the detri ment of the white man (writes a Nor'- West correspondent to the Geraldton Express). How long will it be before Johnny is a full blown miner ? Our Coalfields. — It has been decided- by the Government to adopt a new policy in connection with the Collie coal lands and any other coal lands in the colony that may be discovered. Under the new policy all the coal lands will be thrown open for private enterprise and selection, but the date when this new system is to come into force has not been made known. Diocesan. — On Tuesday morning the spiritual retreat for the clergy of the Diocese ended. On the same day and two following days a Conference was held at which many matters of importance were " discussed, that of the schools in particular receiving great attention. Arrangements were made for education which it is hoped will place it upon a sounder and more satisfactory basis than ever. Several changes were also announced, some of which will take place at an early date. Most of the priests who took part in the- Conference have already returned to their districts. Buggy Accident. — A serious accident happened to Mr. and Mrs. Burbank on Wednesday last at the nine-mile rock near Coolgardie. It appears that they were returning to the fields after spending their honeymoon on the coast. They travelled by a four-horse team, also bring ing their luggage and household effects. At the nine-mile rock, where the road is steep, the vehicle capsized, burying Mrs. Burbank underneath the furniture, break ing both her legs and otherwise injuring her! Medical assistance' was promptly obtained and the sufferer removed to the hospital. Mr. Burbank escaped with a few severe bruises. Those Camels Again. — On Wednesday morning while several trucks were being laden with the " ships of the desert," in transit to the eastern goldfields, a horse attached to a spring cart, belonging to the Hon. J. E. Richardson, took fright near the Claremont railway station, and bolting through the gates, capsized the vehicle near the front door of Mr. Massey's shop, where it was brought to a standstill. Fortunately, no injury beyond the break ing of the shafts resulted, But the mis hap had the effect of clearing a number of other horses from the station, which did not return to their work until the camels had left for Coolgardie. Mr. A. Forrest's Departure. — Mr. Alex. Forrest, M.L.A. and ex-Mayor of Perth, left here for England yesterday. For some days past the various clubs and other bodies have shown their appreciation of Mr. Forrest by entertaining him at banquets in order to bid him ban voyage. The most important of them all was that tendered to him on Thursday at the Perth Town Hall, by the City Council and citizens. There was a large and fashionable assem blage. After a speech by the Mayor, an address was presented by the senior coun cillor, Cr. Molloy, accompanied by a photo graphic group of those who were in the Council during Mr. Forrest's Mayorality. Several toasts were proposed and duly honoured, after which the proceedings terminated. Terrible Accident. — On Thursday last Mr. Bloomfield, the stationmaster at Spencer's Brook, was mutilated in a most shocking manner by a train passing over him, death being instantaneous. It ap pears that an engine attached to a train of trucks and carriages was engaged in "fly" shunting in the station yard. The deceased was riding on the footplate in front of the- engine, when he slipped off, and the whole train passed over his body. When picked up life was extinct, the unfortunate man having been mangled in such a dreadful fashion that not a sound bone seemed to be left in hiB body. Deceased had been in the railway service for some time. He was a capable officer, and was much respected by a very large circle of friends. The remains have been taken to Beverley for interment. Swan District Vine and Fruit growers' Association. — It is stated that -the late severe wave of heat has so burnt up the fruit in the Swan district that most growers have found a difficulty in selecting exhibits for the show. We learn from the hon. secretary of the Association that so very few entries having been received for exhibits in the fruit, vegetable and indus trial classes for the' show at Guildford on the 12th inst., the managing committee have decided that no exhibits in these classes will be accepted for competition at the Bhow. The wine, which has been al ready forwarded for exhibition, will be judged and the prize awarded on the 12th, on which day the annual meeting of the Association will be held, and a luncheon will be provided at 2 p.m. on the Guildford Show Ground. The Government Astronomer. — Mr. W. E. Cooke, who has been appointed Go vernment Astronomer for this colony, has taken up his quarters in the Legislative Council buildings. Mr. Cooke has been very busy in arranging telegraphic stations throughout the colony for the purpose of forwarding daily meteorological reports. Owing, however, to the very large area not yet connected by wire, a complete system cannot be expected for some time. Those on the coast, which will number fifteen, will supply complete data. There will be only eight inland stations, and the information regarding the meteorology of the interior will therefore be somewhat meagre. The costal stations are the more important, and the data, therefore, which will be furnished, will be fairly satisfactory. The most northerly station will be at Wyndliam; there will also be one at Hall's Creek. Mr. Cooke expresses entire satisfaction with the site selected for the Perth Observatory, and does not think that it could be im proved upon, Deputation to the Minister of Edu cation. — On Friday afternoon a deputa tion, consisting of the Vicar-General, the EevB. Father Kelly and Father Brereton, waited on the hon. the Minister of Educa tion to lay before him the facts relating to the error. made in the payments to the assisted schools for the year 1895. His Lordship the Bishop introduced the depu tation and said The year 1805 had seen an increase in the attendances at some schools considerably in excess of the num ber going to them in the preceding year. But by the arrangement made some years ago the payments were based every year on the number of children accounted for on the registers of the year before. "While this would not matter if the assisted system had lasted, inasmuch as each year's average increase or decrease would bp compensated' for by the payments in the year following. But as all ended in 1895 it followed that the excess number for that year would re main unpaid in any way by the Govern ment, Father Bourke eaicl ;—An instance would sljow the Minister the grievance the managers had to state. In St. Brigid's school there were 82 more children in 1895. than there were in 1894. But the school had been paid on the scale due for the number in 1894, For these 38 children the school would havp been remunerated if the system continued, but as it is, for not one of these 82 children has anything been received. Mr. "Witteuoom said he had not been advised beforehand of the object for which the managers had waited oil him, that qtherwise he would have informed himself thoroughly on the matter. Speak ing, however, on the moment he would say that it seemed fair the actual number of children should have bpon paid for. He would lopk into the jpfttter apd were there no obstacle in the way, he would see that the amount duo. for the year on thp addi tional children should he paid. The Bishop and deputation after thanking the Minister withdrew. Marriage in Guildford. — A corres pondent writes : — I notice you have not yet received an account of one of the prettiest weddings which has taken place in Gnilford for a long time — that by which Mr. Donellan of Kanowna and Miss Lizzie Lyons of Pyrmount, Guildford, were made one. The marriage took place in the neat little church in Guildford, Father Kelly officiating. The Misses Lyons', sisters of the bride, acted as bridesmaids, while Mr. Roach, a brother goldfielder, supported Mr. Donellan on this trying occasion. Utter want of skill in millinery matters deters me from any attempt at describing the dresses, of which I can only say that they were very beautiful. The breakfast took place at Pyrmount, where a large company honoured the customary toasts. In the afternoon the happy couple left for Fre- mantle. The Late Mr. Denis Bresnahan. — We have received the following from a corres pondent, clipped from the Northam Adver- tuer : — "The late Mr. Denis Bresnahan, who died at his residence, Irishtown, on the 24th January, at the advanced age of 75 years, was one of our oldest and most respected settlers, having arrived here in the ship Berkshire in the year 1854, and for a period of nearly 42 years resided in the district of Northam. The late Mr. Bresnahan was a pioneer settler of IriBh- town, and by unflagging toil and persever ing industry succeeded in securing a very valuable farming property, to which he devoted the moBt careful and assiduous attention. Deceased waB a model settler, and won the esteem and respeot of a wide circle of friends. Deceased had been in declining health for some time, but bore his sufferings with Christian fortitude. The late Mr. Bresnahan leaves a widow and eight grown up children, and 25 grand children. Prior to the funeral on Saturday morning last, the Rev. Fr. Prendergast offered a requiem mass for deceased at his residence, which was largely attended by settlers of the district. The high esteem in which Mr. Bresnahan was held was manifested by the length of the oortege which followed his remains to their last resting place. The pall-bearers were : Mr. M. Ryan, Mr. P. Lynch, Mr. R. Bourke, and Mr. J. Pilkington. In Mr. Bresnahan the district has lost a worthy settler and an exemplary colonist." Presentation to Mr. P. P. J. Rowe. — Coolgardie has olaimed another well-known. Perth citizen in the person of Mr. P. P. J. Rowe, who took his departure for the gold- field's capital last week. Mr. Rowe has been in the colony nearly five years, during which time he played many parts, and played them all owing to the possession of a very versatile geniuB, with much dis tinction. But by choice and instinct he is before all things a journalist, and it is in this capacity that he will most enduringly he remembered. Soon after his arrival in the colony he was instrumental in founding the People newspaper, and was appointed its editor. Thanks to his dashing pen; it instantly came to the front. It was a thoroughly democratic paper, distinguished for its fearless and uncompromising char acter and the brilliancy and literary finish of its articles. In the course of time it ceased issue after a brave struggle, for the sole reason that it was in advance of its day. Subsequently Mr. Rowe found em ployment for his accomplished , pen in the leader columns of the Doily Notes. Later qn he became secretary to the Civil Service Commission, but finding the routine of office irksome, relinquished this position to take up a more congenial one offered him in Coolgardie. Mr. Rowe's energies found vent in many other ways than those indi cated. He was a successful organizer of concerts and entertainments, and many of the charities of Perth and many bereaved individuals have tq thank him for the readi ngs with which he placed his talent in this direction at the service of the needy and suffering. His departure was made the occasion of a gathering -\vhioh showed iii what high estimation he is held, not only by his fellow pressmen but by the general public. Mr. R. S. Haynes, who presided, spoke in high terms of Mr. Rowe's abili ties, and on concluding presented him with a purse of sovereigns, which had been sub scribed by the many friends who wished him every success in his new undertaking. 