NEW OF THE DAY. There will be no publication of The Star to-morrow. To all readers we convey the beat wiahes of the season. The Ballarat Bicycle Club sports take place this afternoon. Highly attractive concerts at the Aoademy of Music and Alfred Hall to-night. In 1595-6 New Sonth Wales earned £5,656,733 by wool growing. In the same period Italy received £S, 115,917 for silk. A mining conference will be held in Perth, W.A., on 13th and 14th Janaary. The Assembly has been spared its coal dnty debate for this year. Parliament was prorogued by his Excel* leocy the Governor last evening. The harvest is in fall swing at Nbill, and tbs average yield is estimated at two bushels per sore. To-day is the first Christmas in the last loßtrum of the centnry. The Onttrim Coal Company has paid £S7SO in dividends in the last six months. As againet Ballarat’s 96 in the shade, there were readings oin Wednesday of 101 at Bendigo, 102 at Hamilton, 104 at Charl ton, and up to 110 at Mildnra. The valne of the cold obtained in the Auckland district, N.Z-, since the beginning of the year is over £230,000. On Wednesday a well-known Colao resi dent named M. Kleiner, a hairdresser, hanged himself in his bathroom. The season for bush fires has set io, and from many localities reports come to band of fires having occarred. MrT. L. Ware, an Adelaide brewer, well known in sporting circles, was drowned while bathing on Tuesday. Mr Cecil .Rhodes states that only 200 Hussars will remain in Rhodesia to maintain order and protect the white settlers. The gross profit earned on the Australian section of the North German S.S. Com pany’s business last year was £49,370. During the Presidential campaign, Mr Bryan spoke in 410 towns and in 29 States, and travelled over 17,000 miles, South Australian wheat buyers are making purchases in the Riverina on the basis of 5s 64 1 at Port Adelaide. A cyclist named Richardson has ridden from Cnnlgardie to Port Augusta in 26 days. The actual riding time wbb only 21 days. * An inmate of the Benevolent Asylum at Liverpool, N.S.W., named Emerson, was cut to pieces by the Melbourne express while standing on the line. Anew illustrated journal, entitled the Missionary Pictorial, has been started under the editorship of Hine Rawei, wife of a Maori evangelist at present residing in England. At Yarrawonga, a farmer has taken 300 bags of English barley off an area of 30 acres, giving a yield of abont 44 bushels to the acre. A tremendous bushfire raged on Wednes day on Currie's Hill, abont three miles from Daylesford. It is feared that it will destroy many acres of growing crop on the adjoining agricultural land. During the exemptious the Kalgoorlie field (W.A.) will be almost the only one to Bhow much activity. Nearly all of the prin cipal mines intend to disregard the holi days. The N.S.W. Government has decided to expend the rum of £16,000 in the erection of additions to the General Post Office, in George street, and will carry out the whole of the work by day labor. Messrs Morehead and Dickson have been appointed representatives of Queensland in the Federal Council. The other representa tives of tho colony will be Messrs Barlow and Byrnes and Sir Hugh Nelson. Two theosnphical ladies, Mrs Tingley and Mrs Besant, nre quarrelling in the Ame rican and English press as to which possesses the soul by reincaruation of Madame Blavatsky. Arrangements have been made by the League of Wheelmen for the holding of a race meeting at St. Kilda on 9th January, at which the principal feature will be the match between Martin and Ken. Lewis for a stake of £l5O. Mr C. E. BnrgeßS, late of St. Peter’* parish, Ballarat, having passed the required examinations, was ordained in the Armldale Anglican Cathedral, New South Waleß, last Sunday. Newe by the steamer Taiyuan from Japan yesterday states that the bubonic plague has extended to Formosa. At latest advices 150 cases bad been reported there, 37 re sulting fatally. Last month the JYoroe Vremya, the semi official daily newspaper of St. Petersburg, opened an Indian famine relief fund, aod several other papers also opened lists for the same purpose. About 20 Urrikins attacked a Chinese hawker at North Broken Hill with stones and boots, almost knocking the life ont of him. No provocation was given, and the assault was made ont'nf pure wickedness. Ten years ago the Perth Cup was worth £7O, and more halfbreds than thoroughbreds ran in it. This year the race is worth £6OO, aod 10 horseß will be backed to win iu the aggregate at least £25,000. Reports from the west coast wheat lands of South Australia, where it was expected that the wheat yield would be good, state that an average of only two bushela to the acre will be obtained. In the Grampians, about 25 miles from Stawell, an elderly woman named O’Rourke, living near Rose’s Gap, and her daughter, abont 20 years of age, were burnt to death iu a bush fire. Some very successful property sales have taken place at Drysdale during the past week, and various other signs and symptoms point to the speedy revival of a mild boom in the real estate. The Postmaster-General says that his department is not at all dissatisfied with recent enquiry. No other State department could have come so well out of so searching an investigation. Charles Croeeland, of Crosaland and Hardy at Coolgardie, while stopping at the Victoria hotel, got up in his sleep and walked over a balcony, falling into the street below. He was picked up in an un conscious condition, suffering from shook, Ou Tuesday. H.R.H. the Prince of Wales opened a laboratory in London for the free prosecution of scientific reßvarob. The laboratory was founded by Mr Ludwig Mond, the managing director of Brunner, Mond, and Cos., Limited, manufacturing chemists, who has endowed it with the sons of £lOO,OOO. The quantity of wheat and flour afloat for the United Kingdom on the 22nd lost, was 3,020,000 quarters, or 110,000 quarters more than the preceding week, whilst the shipments to the Continent show a decrease of 100,000 quarters. The failure of the National Bank of Illinois, Chicago, is one of the largest that has ever occurred amongst the “ National” banks, which are not Government banks, but private banks organised under one law. It appears that no fewer than 41 tenders were received by the South Australian Go vernment in response to its call for 25,000 bags of seed wheat. The quantity offered was 57,533 begs. Thirty-six tenders were accepted, representing 25,000 bagß, at an average price of 5s 7d per bushel (60 lb weight). At the annual meeting of the Canterbury (N.Z.) Frozen Meat Company, the chairman said that last year mutton, eqnal to 552.000 sheep of 601 b each, had been sent away from Canterbury. The largest mail steamer ever despatched to Australia sailed from Southampton on 22nd November. She is the Frederick the Great, the huge twin-screw steamer of 10,500 tons, belonging to the North German Lloyd Steamship Company, and this is her maiden voyage. Information from Noumea states that the Frenoh authorities in New Caledonia have received advices from France that a batch of between 500 and 600 convicts have been de spatched from Roohefort to Noumea. Great, indignation is expressed in Sydney in view of the assurance given early this year by the Frenoh authorities that no more convicts would be deported to Noumea. 