A LION AT LARGE. Extraordinary excitement prevails among the inhabitants of Bundawangj in the Braidwood district. ? A live lion has mado himself monarch of the moun tain ranges, the deep valleys of the neighboring country. Jt is not ofton that a lion comes to stay in any part of Australian territory, but when he does he is talked about with bated breath, and every man around vows that he will go forth with his gun, and catch him' dead or . alive, but the bold sportsman keeps as far away from the man eater which lashes its tail. All , doubt about the identity of the Bundawang lion is removed by the credible testimony of a young man nanied Irwin, and Miss Sutherland, a school-teacher. Young Irwin is prepared to take. bis. colonial oath that the other day he went out on horseback with two dogs, in pursuit of hares, when he was startled by an awful roar, and then saw within a short dis tance of him, coming along the cattle track, a large, live lion, roaring viciously, and with its jaws distended ready to chew him up horse and all. With true Australian agility be galloped off at a Melbourne Cup pace. The horse, too, which had seen the lion, needed neither .whip nor spurs. The-dogs, it may be mentioned parenthically, shot away before Irwin, beiffg terrified at the vision and the roar of the lion. When Irwin arrived home he plucked up courage and wished to have another look at the lion, but thtf dogs could not be induced to follow him. He describes the lion as being 4ft 6in long in the body, and having a thick. shaggy main, and an erect tail with a tnft of hair on the tip. Miss Sutherland, who teaches a school a Reid^dale, in the vioinity, encountered the lion two days subsequently, while on their way. to their school. She retraced her steps with rapidity, and is now suffering from shock. The roaring of the lion well nigh scared the vitality out. of her. Many explanations - of the presence of the lion are being tendered. It is said ? that many years ago a cub lion got away from a show company at- Moruya, and , was never recovered. Many people have been panic-striken by the roaring of this lion, and its recent appearances are due to the bush-fires, which have roused it from its lair in the impenetrable forest. ~ Truth . 