fleuis in Brief. Brief then-What's the news.-KING JOHN Mr. Marwood Harold Cleeve has been gazetted C.P.S at Windsor. Mrs. O'Brien, senr, of George-street, is still in a critical condition. Mrs. R. Dethick has been seriously ill, but is now improving in health. Mr. W. Moses has had private baths constructed on the river nearly opposite the wharf. Rev Father Hayes was too ill on Sun day last to celebrate Mass at St. Mat thew's, Windsor. The bushfires around the district, that were raging a week ago, have all been ex tinguished by the rain. The Pitt Town Dairy Company's semi annual meeting is fixed for next Friday afternoon, at the factory. Mr. Hicks is occupying Mr. F. Rodda's place at the Bank of N.S.W. during that gentleman's absence on holidays. A local business-man was relieved of a pair of ducks one night last week, and had to do without poultry for next day's dinner. The death is announced of Mrs. Tuckerman, wife of Mr. C. Tuckerman, of Mudgee. Deceased was 61 years of age. The St Albans steamer trip to Cadda Creek on Saturday afternoon last was very poorly attended, but was thoroughly enjoyed. The collection taken up by the Swim ming Club at the carnival last week re turned £\ 12/6. There were 1500 specta tors present. It is probable that an enquiry will be held as to the origin of the fire which des troyed old Jericho House, on the Black town-road, recently. The Hawkesbury District Agricultural Society should invite Premier Reid to open the next annual show. Penrith has secured a promise from him. A local lad when asked last week by a policeman if he had committed certain oftences, said "No, decidedly not; I'll go down on my knees and deny the truth." Ex-alderman Blackett, late of Auburn, but now resident on Pitt Town Common, where he has taken up land, was pre sented with a purse of sovereigns on Wed nesday last week. Hon W. Walker, M.L.C., has received a letter from Mr. S. Hordern, stating that neither his wife or himself were born in the Hawkesbury District, as stated some little time ago in these columns. The load of passengers taken to the special train on the night of the swimming carnival proved too much for one of the local omnibuses, which broke down just opposite Mr. Critchley's residence. A Hawkesbury farmer, who has had a long run of bad luck, expects this year to clear ^"1000 out of his potatoes an J maize. He placed about 100 tons of the former on the market and averaged nearly £6 per ton. Mr. George Hull, a Windsor " boy," who has been located at the Boggabri branch of the A.J.S. Bank now for some > years, has been removed to Merriwa. Merriwaites will find him a very good sort. The W. Junior C.C's trip to St, Albans is being eagerly looked forward to, and a great crowd will be on board. The pro gramme of same is out and is a splendid one. The tickets for trip lasting three days cost only 4/6. The Royal Agricultural Society's Show takes place in Sydney during Easter week, from 1st to 7th April, when, as advertised elsewhere, ^"2000 will be offered as prize money. Entries close on Monday, 2nd March. Mr. Poidevin, Public-school teacher at Wilberforce, complains that it was sug gested in a paragraph in Wilberforce news last week that children are debarred from using water from the underground tank at the school. This is untrue, he asserts, for the pupils have free access to it. On Friday last some local young men were bathing at the swimming club's diving board, when their pockets were gone , through for the money they con tained. They got on the track of the cul prit, and secured^ a refund of the amount taken. Swimmers should keep their weather eyes open. The local volunteer company will parade on the park this Saturday afternoon. The next District Court will be holden at the Court-house on Tuesday, 4th February. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Dick have gone away to spend a couple of weeks' holiday at Manly. There is some talk of swimming the mile championship race over again, but nothing official has been heard of it. It has been decided to station a Con stable at Wiseman's Ferry, which must certainly be becoming a very important place. * Mrs. Holland, of Catherine-street, mother of Mr. Aid Holland, has been severely indisposed during the week, and her condition is critical. Mr. Wheeler, M.L.A, (Northumber land) is a native of the Macdonald River, so that he makes the third Hawkesbury born man in Parliament. Parkinson, the hight diver, was unable, through illness, to be present at the carni val. The spectators were thuS deprived of some excellent exhibitions. It is highly creditable to him that Mr. G. Greenwell managed to secure second place on the list of successful students in the recent Agricultural College exam j inations. We have received a copy of " The White Yacht" and other stories, written by an old friend, Mr. P. E. Quinn, a well known Sydney pressman. It is very | readable. ' At the banquet the other evening Mr Fergusson, of Balmain, created no end of fun in relating that he was the father of swimming, and that he had seven sons entered in one event. If you cannot obtain "Myfa Tea" in your district, write to D. MITCHELL arid Co., Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local Storekeeper.* Mr. John Armstrong, of the Peninsula, is turning out one of the best samples of potatoes that could be placed upon the market. Jack is an industrious and hard working farmer, and deserves to succeed. Mr. Tucker, from the Postal Depart ment. visited Wiseman's Ferry this week, in connection with a proposal for erecting a new post-and-telegraph office. A block of land as a site, is under offer to the De partment. Many of the competitors in the mile championship at the carnival last week went home disgusted with the treatment Gormly received at the hands of a swim mer who had no business to be in the water just at that time. Alderman J J Fitzpatrick is collecting the names of all the unemployed in the town, and the list will be forwarded to Mr W Morgan, M.L. A., with a view of having these men employed on the work of rais ing the Windsor Bridge, when the con tract is let. Miss Violet Black, daughter of Mrs. Black, of Wiseman's Ferry, who has been teaching for some time at Fort street, has been promoted to Ashfield. Another daughter, Miss Beatric* Black, recently passed the Technical College ex amination in cooking subjects. The local Council is moving in the matter of clearing and planting a reserve near Mr Keenan's property, with orna mental trees, for a park and recreation ground. The Minister is to be approach ed by deputation, through Mr. Morgan, re a special grant for same. The Salvation Army should always consider persons who are almost at death s door, and discontinue their music when passing such premises. Mrs. O Brien, senr, has been in a critical condition now for a couple of weeks, and the Army s music is not conducive to recovery. The General Gordon ran two round trips on Monday and Wednesday, and less than a dozen tourists came up on Monday and between twenty and thirty went back on Wednesday. The trips don't pay, and, unless they are better patronised, will have to be discontinued. At the Ladies' Swimming Club meeting the other night, a local gentleman presided, and during the course of his address to the assembled representatives of the fair sex, suggested that they should have a meeting amongst themselves-no " horrid men to be present-" decide on the colours of their bathing suits and bring them up before another general meeting." Of course he referred to the colours, not the garments themselves. Mrs. S. G. Fielding has been spending the week at Manly. Her health has been benefited by the change. The water-works engineer, Mr J. Sow den, has had a little easier time of it since the weather cooled down, being able to dis pense with night work. At the swimming carnival banquet last week Mr. W. Morgan, M.L.A., said that j the Premier intends to visit Wicdsor at an early date. He sho-.i'l be entertained right royally. Mr. Edmunds, late of the local Superior Public-school, who has been promoted to charge of Prospect Reservoir School, goes down by rail every morning, returning in the evening. The municipal elections are fast approach ing. Nomination day has been fixed for Tuesday week, 4th proximo. Nominations . must be in the hands of tha Returning officer by Tuesday next, 28th instant. Now that footpath improvements have been effected at the local Post Office, some steps should be taken to have the same done around the Court House, as the foot way here has been in a bad state of repair for a iong time. Mr W. Gosper submitted two Ilawkesbury properties to auction last week-Henry Robinson's farm at Freeman's Reach, and Upton's property, Cornwallis Road. Neither were disposed of, and both are now under offer for sale privately. Joe Maddeu (of " Weedy" renown), a saddler, and formerly in the employ of Mr. W. Primrose, paid the old town a visit this week. Joseph now hangs out at the " big smoke," and is having a spell for the good of his health. At the carnival last week a rumor got current that the clerk of the course was James Stanbury, and everybody's eyes were fixed on the clerk's boat as it glided along the water. The idea must have originated from the style and finish of the oarsman. Mr. C. Critchley's steam launch, " The Lottie," conveyed a small party of excur sionists down as far as Foulweather Reach on Sunday afternoon last. There was a jolly crew on board, including the evergreen Jack Lamond, and needless to say, an en joyable time was spent. On Monday last, application was made at the Central Licensing Court, Sydney, by Mr. Harry Figg (recently of Windsor) for a license for Lick House, Lady Robinson's Beach. The police opposed the granting of the license. However, after taking a considerable amount of evidence on both sides, the Bench granted it. The successful carrying out of the carnival was in a very great measure due to the in defatigable efforts of the hon. sec., Mr F. Collison, who worked day and night for the concern, and who put in a lot of gratuitous labor in making arrangements, erecting pantoon, elevated platform for high plung ing, &c.; The St. Albans made a trip down the river on Saturday afternoon, conveying less than a dozen passengers. The steamer anchored in a pleasant nook, and the ex cursionists went ashore and spent a jolly hour. The run home was made in- good time, and the picnickers were landed at Windsor wharf shortly after 8 p.m., having had an enjoyable outing. A number of farmers complain that their produce frequently loses considerably in weight during transit to Sydney, or else there is a vast difference in the register of the Sydney weigh-bridge and the one at the local station. They pay on the weight at Windsor, but in Sydney they have to be content with any weight that is given them, irrespective of that credited to them here. The Revision Court of the \Vind30r Borough Council was opened on Tuesday last, but owing to the incompletion of certain papers, the Mayor adjourned the sitting till Wednesday evening after the Council meeting. At the conclusion of the ordinary business, the Court was declared open, and again summarily adjourned, for the same reason, until this (Friday) even ing at 8 o'clock. The management of the Sydney Catholic organ, or its " Flaneur," should feel flat tered at the remark of a native of the old sod in a northern town recently. It hap pens that the place possesses a gentleman who prides himself on his elocutionary ability and his knowledge of the Poets. He was in conversation with the native first mentioned, and to emphasise an argu ment he said, " Do you know what dear old Tommy Moore says ?" His companion re plied, " Dn I ? Why, haven't I been tak ing the ' Freeman' for the last 23 years aud if I don't 1 ought to know." His questioner Qollag sod. It. ig b.elieved that?at lpftst two of the retiring aldermen will be returned without opposition. Mr. F. Rosa has opened another shop in that portion of his premises recently occu pied by Mr L Barnett. Mr. James Byram is making preparation* for removing into his new premises, next the Commercial Bank. Jimmy Deceaux, a well-known figure about Windsor, has left the district, and ia now located near Mudgee. Rev. T. Moore, of the Congregational Church, changed pulpits with Rev. Dr, Roseby (Marrickville) on Sunday last* Not one of the Windsor business people regarded Tuesday last as a public hpl^ay though it had been proclaimed ns, such;; One of the greatest plagues in the Hawkesbary district just now are the fruit* vendors, who literally swarm the town nod are a nuisance to householders. Mr. T. Savage has bought out Mr. R. Turnbull's mail contract, from Wilberforce to Sackville, and in future will convey all the mails on the Windsor to Sackville route. Now that an election is pending a good opportunity offers for the ratepayers to have their requirements attended.lo* Anyone with an axe to grind should trot it out at this season. The paddock adjoining the'Fitzroy bridge is still a great camping ground for tramps, and to see the washing out at time* one would almost think that there was a steam laundry in the vicinity. Whilst conveying a load of wattle-bark to Windsor on Wednesday, a teamster from Kurrajong lost one of his bullocks, a g6od beast, which droppod dead between-Roberts' Hill and Rickaby bridge. ; Now is the time for the farmers to think about storing winter fodder for their stock. Green maize crops, now available, make excellent ensilage, which is within the reach of every farmer at a nominal cost. i Duriug the recent drought jfcfr, S. Dun ston, of Wilberforce, had a great number of his dairy herd bogged in the low swamps about that place. For the past fiVe>6r<8ix weeks he has had to constantly watch "his stock. Mr. Isaac Hopkins, with a darkie from his station, Gulf of Carpentaria (Queensland), was in town through the week. The boy goes into ecstacies over the " Cobbora Yarra min" —the iron horse that never gets tired. Mr. Arthur H. Chaseling successfully passed his examination in December last, being second on the list for a half , scholar ship for training. He also passed 'injnqdel drawing, second grade, at ttie recent Technical College .Examination!: It was currently reported some few weeks ago that with the advent of the New Year several local business people intended to migrate to fresh fields and pastures new. But they are here yet-and it would take a team of bullocks to shift some of the old residents from Windsor. They, know full well that they might eaBily go farther and fare worse. Aid Fifczpatrick seems fully determined to fight for the rights of the ratepayers of South Ward. At the Council meeting on Wednesday night, he brought on wfeat plight be almost termed an audaoious motion--Mid he got it passed to. It was with reference to petitioning the Government with the object of securing a recreation reserve for N.ewtown, and it is to be hoped that he will be successful in his efforts. Ike Hopkins' black boy, from " the Gulf," (and he is black, without a doubt), has a passion for music. A resident struck up a yarn with him the other day, in the coruse of which the coloured lad exclaimed with intense fervour, " Ob, me wish me had big pfellah money." " Why, what would YOU do with money," asked the resident. " Buy 'em big pfellah music," came the rapid reply. He entertains an unfeigned contempt for Jim Gosper's boy, " Sago," and says " him only yaller-pfellah." Mr A Manning is trying to popularize periodical short river trips on Saturday afternoons, and sLould be encouraged by all who hold with healthful outdoor recreations. He proposes running another trip on Satur day next, February 1st, leaving Windsor Wharf at the usual hour, 3 p.m., but re turning at 10, instead of 8 o'clock. It will be low tide at that hour, and the St Albans will be unable to bring the passengers any further than South Creek, but as it will be moonlight the short walk home should be a great discomfiture* 