SPM1ABY. The employees of the Customs De partment last night presented Mr. Jas. Powell, the retired collector with' a cheque for £121. The Mayor of Redfern has distribu ted coupons for provisions to 150 poor families „ The Sydney subscriptions ' to the Stockton disaster fund, up to yester day amounted to £256. The' match Queensland v. Auckland, played at Auckland yesterday, resulted In a draw. The dates named for the Federal Convention elections are not favoured by West Australia. Since the beginning of the year gold to the value of £230,000 lias been won in the Auckland district (N.Z.). New South Wales cricketers defeated South Australia by: 51 runs. In the cricket match New South iWales v. South Australia, M'Klbbin took 16 wickets for an everage of S.33. Robert Keen, aged 70, and his sister, aged ,73, who had lived together con tinuously since childhood, ' died at Daylesford (Vic.) yesterday, within a couple of hours of each other. The Town Hall offices will be closed from to-day till January 3. Business people in Adelaide say the present is the busiest Christmas week they remember. The Outtrim (Vic.) Coal Co., during the "past half-year, lias paid £8750 in dividends. Wlliiam Tatum was yesterday sen tenced in Melbourne to two years' hard labour for the robbery of 125 sovereigns from a West Australian visitor. Special tram and train arrange ments have been made to meet' the holiday traffic. The Minister for Works and the Post master "General leave for the Manning electorate on. Monday. The Minister for Works lias arranged "to open a bridge on 'December 30. . "From Cradle to Cross." Bound Vo lume now ready at the "Australian Star" office, 32 Castleruagh-street. Price, 15s. Single copies, 8d. Emerson, an inmate of the Liverpool 'Asylum, was killed by the Melbourne express on Tuesday. A man named Thomas Mitchell is un der arrest at Newcastle charged with Stabbing another during a quarrel. A young man named John Mulvogue died suddenly at To'.mworth yesterday from pleuro-pneumonia. The Balmain ferry steamer Lady Manning was considerably damaged yesterday by running into the retaining Wall at Bald Rock, wharf. Balmain. .The Prince of Wales Hotel at Tam- , Worth has been visited by burglars, who stole about £33, besides a dozen .watches and other articles. Cornwall's Malt Extract recommended t>y all doctors. : In. connection with the supposed mur der- near Cassilis two boys have been arrested on suspicion of having caused their father's death. The body of a man named William Sinclair has been found drowned in the Peel River at Tamworth. Two Chinese have been arrested at Albury charged with attempting to evade the poll tax. ' The Victorian Parliament has passed the Factories Bill with an amendment exempting agricultural Industries in the country. " The two Houses of the Victorian Par liament settled their differences on the Companies Bill and the Credit Foncier Bill. An anonymous donor has sent a Christmas gift of £100 to the Brisbane Hospital. . An unknown man was drowned off the Adelaide Steamship Co.'s wharf, Brisbane, last night. "From Cradle to Cross." Bound Vo lume now ready at the "Australian Star" office, 32 Castlereagfc-ktreet. Price, 15s. Single copies. Sd. . The "Paris Temps." which has sup ported the Porte hitherto, has changed its policy, and now sympathises with the Armenians. The Secretary for India has asked the Lord Mayor of London to refrain from opening an Indian Famine Fund until the situation has been more fully ex plored. The publication of the "African Cri tic'.' has been officially suspended for six months. The staff of the paper was recently arrested for breaches of the Hew Transvaal press laws. American Headache Wafers Cure all pains, 6d per box. Agents, the Cosmos Co., 674 George-street. Brickfield Hill. A party of Greek rebels in Macedonia attacked a Turkish escort, killing eight officers and 24 soldiers. The rebels lost four. The Prince of Wales has performed the opening ceremonies of the Free Research Laboratory In London. " During the dispersing of a band of Republicans by the gendarmes at Ali cante, Spain, seven of the civilians Were killed. ' In a letter written by M. Stambouloff, shortly before his death, he states that he had complete knowledge of the plot to assassinate him. M. Natchovits, the Bulgarian Foreign Minister, was impli cated, the letter states, in the plot. Mr. H. Johnson, of Amaroo, lost 400 bushels of wheat by fire on Sunday. The fire was caused by children setting Are to straw while playing. While washing at a creek near Sta- iwell (Vic.) an elderly woman, named O'Rurlce, was overtaken by a bush-fire p.nd burnt to death. A Chinese hawker was assaulted by a mob of about 20 larrikins at Broken JHill yesterday. "Catholic Homo Annual, 1897," just reqoivod. 75 exquisite illustrations, includ ing sonio suitable for framing, Catholic tales, &c.;, Is, at Louis Gille and Co., 75 iiivorpool-street and 586 George-street. Is 2d post paid The Victorian "Upper House is insist ing on nearly all Its amendments in the Companies Bill. ' Mr. Richard Winchester, part proprie tor of the ICoonamoo sawmills, was on Tuesday killed by a log faffing upon bim. Ho leaves a widow and child. The West Australian Government pro pose to take soundings next February around Cape Leuwin, in consequence of .the erection of a lighthouse there. Patrick Burke, an East Maitland post man has been seriously injured by a fall from his horse. "From Cradle to Cross." Bound Vo lume now ready at the "Australian Star" office, 32 Castlereagh-street. Price, 15s. Single copies, 8d. ' The West Maitland anniversary re gatta committe has arranged an attrac tive programme for its aquatic carnival D'n January 26. Races are to be held on Baker's course, Rockley, on Boxing Day. At Rockley on Saturday Rockley C.C. suffered defeat at the hands of the Old Bathurstians in the cup competition by one run. Lord Brassey will shortly leave Mel bourne for a few weeks' trip to New Zealand. The Chief Justice will act in his absence. ' The prices of tho leading brands of "Wines, Spirits and Beers as displayed in P. R. Larliin's windows aro perfectly astounding. Persons requiring Xinas supplies should send their orders early to avoid disappointment. Miners at the New Guinea .goldflelds are suffering severely from fever and dysentry. Several deaths have taker, place. In Broken Hill South S.M. Co. a divi dend (first) of 6d per share has been declared ' payable on Friday, January 22\. Transfer books close January 6. Tn New Mount Hope Copper a divi dend (twelfth) of 6d per share has been declared payable oii Thursday, Decem ber 31. "Tattersall's" Carrington S,, 60,000"at 6. Care G, Adams, Hotyart. ! 