Kvneton' Races. Thefollowi og are the entries for these races, to be held on t he Kvneton racecourse on Wed nesday next, 12ntf April:— Hurdle Race.—Butcher Boy, Malta, Darkle, Professor, Balmaghie, Acorn, Feixleaf. • Trial Handicap. — Vengeance, Gossip, Louse, Corinna, Prudence, Atlantic, Oliver Twist, Enibrao, Sir Jame3, Carmen, Wally. Pos*Y Race.—Fleetfoot, Nancy Lee, Little Dick, Little Footsteps, Guitar, Toby, No Name, Inniscombe, Rose. Farmers' Purse. — Grand Lady, Malta, Acorn, Carmen, Coomassie, Rosemont, East Lynne, Aberdaron, Deadshot, Vengeance. Distance Handicap Trot.—Wonderful, Roy, Molly Ketts, Farmer, Bronte, Quiver, Minstrel Boy, Amy, Sir Donald, Roaney. Farmers' Hack R:\CE.-Bushfire, Bobby Dazzler, Bob, Outlaw, Belle, Baldey, Pulsation, Dead wood Dick, Youngr Troubadour', 'Piper's Creek? Millboy, Mistletoe, Star, Sunbeam, Pro cession, Little Sister,-Pastoria,_ Scampi v High land Mary, Stay-at-Home, Towser. HUNTING. A meeting was held at the-Black Swan hotel i last night for the purpose of foiming a hunt club in Bendigo. Thexe was a fair attendance, Mr. F,- G. Code being voted to the chair. An apology was received from Mr. F. £. Hunter, who signified his intention of becoming -a member, and wished the proposed club success. Mr. j. 'S. Lyon, the convener of the meeting, explained the object, and stated that, for a start iV -wa3 proposed to do-,without, hounds, and. have •" paper runs." The chair man urgrtd the meeting -to establish a- oluli at once, and havo the first run, say, next Wcdues day. The club would nordonbt receive.the support of the people in the city when it was brought prominently befpro the public. Per sonally he would like to. see the club obtain a a pack of a: dozen hounds, but that 1 matter might be allowed - to stand over until next year, "when the club would : jiio doubt-be in a better financial position. 'Mr. ! G.'H. Hunter said they could not-very well start .with , hc'unds.; Ic was - proprsrf to start •with paperch&sing;, so as to avoid expense at the joutset. • One or two members might go off . i'njthe morning and lay the paper,-so as to b^, aljleftjo follow-at-thB+htpw off^-Oa.tha motion ■ of/Mr. J. Lyon,- seconded by Mn G. B.-Hunter, it was decided to establish the club under the nairie of the Bendigo District Hunt Club. The following officers were elected :—President, MrJSi. Lazirus; vice-presidents, Messrs. E. W. Kirbj- and W. Keating; secretary, Mr. J. S.-Iiyon; master, Mr. F. G. Code; deputy master, -Mr. G.! H. Hunter; committee, the officers with Mr. J. Lyon. It was resolved* thati the annual subscription fce. 5s per member. It was decided to"throw off on Wednesday r.ext' at' 3 p.m., at the Perseverance hotel, Axe Crt^k. The mcetingrthen terminated. <r. 