ZEEHAN MINING NOTES. (IM'.OM oiin SPECIAL COMMIHBIONEH.) THE SILV12R QUEEN MINK. Milling is uftcii snid to be a lottery. 1 don't liold that opinion uiysyli'. On Uic contrary, I coiisidcr it every bit as legitimate a business as farming, provided that ordinary business lines arc adhered to. Still there ure iijis and downs, sind [icrliajis no mine 011 the field has seen more of tlicui than the Silver Queen. In the "boom" days of 18fl0, when very rich ore was being won iu shallow -workings,at the No. 1 and No. 2 shafts, what mine offered fairer prospects ? The ore was so rich that after hearing the heavy expense of cartage to Trial Harbour, the- profits were still enormous. Shareholders wore clamourous for dividends—directors were only too ready to accede. " What do we want with a big reserve fund ?" asked the shareholders, and they replied to themselves, " Why, the mine is our reserve fund." (Let me parenthetically say that the Golden Gate is working on this queer principle, and will not learn by the experience of other miues.) And wliut was the natural result ? The eyes were picked out of the mine, because—We must keep up the dividends now we liave started them, or the shareholders will not re-elect us." At the same time progressive works were not pushed sufficiently ahead. Then the Bank of Van Dicuian's Land failed, and bad times began. The accessible rich shoots of ore were beginning to give out. Dividends were stopped perforce, for every shilling the mine eould produce was needed to push ahead the dead work in search of shoots of rich ore. Then the company had to incur au overdraft, and were hard put to it to meet their pay-sheets. Then they let little tributes here aud there, aud some of these not only proved payable to the tributors, but profitable to the Company. Good ore (firsts) was found by accident where arc now the No. •) workings, and prospects would have brightened but for the load uf debt. The shares that had been worth over .£!) in 1890, were hardly worth as many shillings in 1893. Tlicu cauic calls. How was it tliat the Queen did not share the fate of the Godkiu, the Grubb, and many other geiiujue mines, which liad run iu debt and were struggling back to freedom ? Private iuHueuce was brought actively to bear on every pressing creditor, much to everybody's advantage in the long run. By degrees everybody was paid. Uy degrees the dead work was so pushed forward that when tl|e tribute at Jtfo. j camu to an end, the mine manager could (ind clliow-rooui. Then money began to accumulate again, and there was a faint cry for dividends from the greedy OIICK. Hut the recent c;;ptrience had been so sharp tliat wiser counsels prevailed. Ezpirientiu liacet, or "esperience should toacli," •would be a Liiitter aphorism. Thp concentrating plant was moved froqi the l\'o. 1 workings to a much more central positio'.i, accessible fa.w Ko*, -i, and 4 •working;-. The No. J lode Las only been partially explored, stUy events have proved the wisdom of removing die con- 'tmns to tlic N.E. and SAV ."'ought to be id SQiii^SritorB" ^apoMtiiMT' treating ;; progressiire ivories -jire Veil alicad ; the Jieiv tr^uHilyjfeo'nneetiugilie 2 ivi^iigs'with^ire'jilll is nt work; and although the riupply. of V tii'sls " is IsliorV still ihc ,*'.«ocolids ; " ara tio iabuiidant that the ilioriago'-Sf^^V does init inuch iiijitter, iind they are working in »)many jilaees that iliey uiay culinto a rich .shool At uuy moment. The position of the •company is therefore \- sound. Their ' largo property is only half explored. There is a wide space between No. 1 and No. 1 workings, through which the Montana lodes certainly pass, and their outlying wsc- valuable. The future of the company depends rather iipon the wisdom «])- plied to the finances than upon the property, the value of wliiclijjs proved beyond cavil. MOUNT AGNEW. 1'Jie.dispute between the oflicorg«)^4Jiis liiiiSc and 'the ore-buyers has coined n very unexpected eiid. - it will be remembered that the highest tender for the parcel of ore lately offered for sale was under !!£!> j]icr ton.' The'conipanv had hoped to get £15, if not £20 per ton. There was an absurd explosion of wrath ; but thcconclusion'is still funnier. The sale has been cancelled ou payment of a nice little cheque to the successful tenderer ! What will the company do with the ore, now it has got it back ?—if this is what has been effected ; for it is not quite clear whether the legal manager has bought it on the company's account or ou his own. The mine is promising ; the lode formatioiiilarge, if patchy ; some of tbe ore already got out is certainly rich. Why not develop the mine rather than make a temporary boom in the shares 7 MISCJSLLANliOUS. The Empress (formerly Grubb's) has suffered from an annoying accident just when they were getting to work. A bush-fire destroyed the trestle-bridge on their tramway nt the head ot the Argent Valley last Saturday. The pumps hod only been started on the previous day to umvntcr the mine. The Oolcbrook shareholders lin agreed to the increase of capital lor the amalgamation with the North and West Oolcbrook. The North Colebrook will receive CIOOO shares paid up to 2s. (id., and will pay iu £l.j0 ; the AVest Colebrook will receive 12,000 shares and will pay in £300: the directors will hold 6000 shares in reserve. The company will not have capital enough for substantial development, but ought to he quite strong enough to carry on all necessary exploration -lyork until their ground is made acccssiblc either by the Great Northern Railway, or by au extension of the N.E. Dundas tramway. Tbe fine weather is enabling the N.13. Dundas line to be pushed ou rapidly, and the platelayers have overtaken the formation about a mile on the Ringville side of the saddle. Goods are now being carried out on the ballast trucks at the rather stiff rate of £2 per ton. But ltetter still, the train service to Strahan will be doubled from the 14th inst., so that it will be possible to get from Zcclian to Lycll, or vice versa, iu a day. •Jtli Dee., 1831). 