: KoPtham Roads Board. — : . . — ; Monthly Meeting, Nov. 7th, 1896. Preseuc : The Chairman, (VIr. James Wiikerson), and Messrs French, Mc- . Maoris, Morrell, J; Robinson. Abseut : Mesars. Dempster and Morgan. MinOtes. The minutes of the last ordinary meet- ing were read Arid confirmed, Correspondence. The following letters were read, viz.. From the Department of Lands and Surveys .for warding a litho. showing the position of a reserve which is recom mended by the Northam ; Municipal Council for the purposes of publ'c fecre- atjon, and requesting to.be informed for the information of the Minister whether this Board considers such a reserve uecessary, in the interests of the public and- if so does this Board recommend it being duly declared, which having being duly considered, it was resolved tliat this Board! considers snc.li a reserve necessary and recommends it. being duly declared.- . " From the Department of Lands . and Surveys, replying to a letter from - this -Board bearing date, 10th April, 1896, and informing the said Board that "His Excellency ..The Governor, upon the recommendation of the ? Honorable the Minister for Lands has been pleased to declare reserve 6,025, containing £01 acres in-' the Avon District for public utility. . - " From the Departments/ of Lands- arid Surveys acknowledging .tRe Receipt of a icjtter from thiff Board of- tlve| 7th ultiirio /fdrwarding a list ofro'ads in the Nbrt%m Roads Board districts, which requires! to be surveyed', tfnd in reply, informing: this Board that its; requirements have been noted and the necessary instructions will, be handed to the first rorid. surveyor- likely to be in. the locilityi From the Colonial Secretary's (IfD! -. Perth, in reply ; to a . letter from if '.r iplu -rd-re " Goverrifpen-t G izette,-" '' ' : \ : . From Mra. Maud D jinpater fie gates.- | Froin the Manager . of the.- Water Trust,; Mining,- arid Public Crushing Company of Western Australia: liimjtkdj- asking this Board "To remove/ toe ob" atructing fence belonging" to Mr.-iteiirdiin so that the M'ariagef caff commercT the' construction ofUhdTqti/d/;;. . From J.- Pilkingtori; jririr'.',"re wire fence,- which, having been- considered' it was resolved that Mr Piikington be iii-' forrived than this Board : prefers that- he should erect the" fence, .and- find ail material and charge- the '...usual,' price pep' cfcbi-o.' / . . Frdm. Mr. Jarries; Mitcheli and- otfieffi asking this Hoard'/ 'that the road noff. being cleared from Hitchcock's to Oralis Valley Railway' Stafi'oh be niade to inter-/ sect the Grass Valley N/ortliam- road near Edward Christians' house;- pointing- out' t.hat to do this it will be necessary to' continue the road now cleared from HilchcrickVin a southerly direction to the Gr'ass Valley .road: which having received:/dne'.consicIeration- it v/as resolved- that the proposed alteration b«: riiade and represented to., the road Surveyor when he arrives in.the locality. Accounts. " The following accounts-- ffere ptesentedt and passed for payment, viz., A. . Mel bin' . £2,- for two days' work with team and two men on the Chi ti bin" road at 20a; per day. C.- Hansen' £-10. for 3 days' work with' team on Newcastle' road, and 7 days' work with, team on Jorandine' road. P.-'/Enrizht £i, for 1 dajfV work with" team on BHerfng road. Thomas Wriilciris,;£/i 19s.', for l/.o'iains' of double forming at 78. per chain, on YaTramoriy road. ' Heni-y Watson, £7 7. fid.-, being in' 1 zbcouut of' w'ofk performed on Chitibin ' Triad, . . H; Watson.- 6?.,- for removing, a gate from off Katritie road. George AUiriglori; £1 10s;, for 2 days' ' work with hprse and cvrt pri Green Hills . road, and half-i-day oil Bidjoovding . road. Jatn-es Treasure. £8 lis. 21., for balance due for work performed on Burraloug mad. James Bj-field, £5T8s., for 25 pieces of jarrah 10 feet. long. each, 0 x 6, at 95 .-' per load. J. H. Monger, £12, on account con tract on Northam Guildford road, G. H. Smith, £6 17s. 6d., for making, painting and lftlering 25 . finger boards at 5s. 6d. each. Reilly & Redly, £5 17s., for printing and cash book. -L F. Morrell, sep;,. £2 2s., for audit fee. y- /-- bpSTNESS: Resolved' that James Giblett be written tff £wkin'g 'hirn .to jresinjie1 his contract for well-rsiuking at Jennapullin' at- once and. continue. the work till the contract iff completed. ... > -, > Resolved that./ /Thomas ! Wllklns be asked to wait On the Chairman' i>r Mr.-. French respecting "ilie erection of finger posts.. The Secretary was .directed to write to the Honorable the Commissioner of Ccown Lands making applicutiriu through him to H's BxceH'eticy the Governor for the confirmation of the resolution passed by this Board ort the' 4th July,' 1896. respecting the resumption of a strip of land 75 links wide for' the purpose, of. opening a new line of c itnmunictttion starting from the North- West corner of Section 11 (a subdivision of Avon Loca tion N.), arid passing" along7 the East bank of the Mortlock river to the S >uth- West corner of said Section -No. 11, " where it joins the public road running North and S-mth. Resol ved that this Board recommends the declaration of the' reserve asked for by the Northam Muni-' cipal Council. Tenders were ordered to be invited for' the performance according to specification of the following work, viz , To grub and' clear 3 miles (more . .or ies-) of Grass Valley Meckoring road to t,fie Western boundary, of Meckering Roads Board district, also. f.o" clear 8 miles (more or less) of Michieon- road, also to clear around all bridges and culverts, as a preventitive of bushfires, on the Northam Guildford road, arid .on the Norfchatn- York road as far aB the boundary of the Northain Roads Board district, width of fire-guard to be not less than six feet. . . | It/ was deffded- that a Special meeting j of this Board be htld oil Saturday, 21'st ; November, 1896, at the -hour of 2.30 p.m. for the purpose of onening; tenders for the foregoing work. "'?? No other business having been sub-, mitted the meeting was declared closed- - - 