"A CI AT ABOUT TREES" HON. S. W. COOKE AT THE A.N.A. (Concluded ) I will touch bu' tligb !y on the utilitarian or commercial aspect of tre-. That would be too ex ensive a hrancb for the <in»ealloel ®e cveni-'g. A few words only mut suffice. Ave bare b-en, j»s a people, rih«lr «f «j« evil thac my »nd probably will follow the wholesale destruction of trees tbroogbont Vic toria, a destruction which ha« been and still i< taking pi .ce so recklessly. I icalily idmit that in many places moch good haa been don1- by each detraction, as 'be grasiea have b<-en roue1! improved aod the country mad<t more healthy for grz'ng stock. Bat th- l.soos of exp n nee should not be lo!t upon as, and we should w 11 consider the advisability of re-planting, "f coarse with care in selection of trees and choie of cite. Quoting from Honshu 44 Element « of Forestry (to which work I «m alreadr u«d r obligations for these note) 1 6nd tbi<, 44 It isa familiar fact that tb-re are many t«zio-s tn A-in and Southern Europe, once exceedingly fert»l» aod densely populated, that w «ow utterly sterile and desolate. The country bordering upon the Euphrates and portlrs of Turkey, Greece. Egypt, Italy and Spain ar now iocipable of cultivation from this cause. Coming nearer home, I c,nn"t do better than refer to Professor Brows, who in his practical treatise on free col to re in South Australia thns summarises the advantages of tree-pbntij'g : — 41 (1) They give more shelter; (2) soil is im proved; (3) less evaporation; (4) destruc tive floods avoided ; (5) rainfall equalled > (0) greater rainfU; (7) a«ld tr«U im proved; (8) landsoipe improved; ani ('J) noh-altby districts msde more habitable. Writing from South Australia he viv»a a list of trees indigenous to the colony, which ar wo th cultivation for their timber, and. d»o«"f such foreign trees as have been proved lortiecee < in the climate of that colony. Io this list of SI trees (a list which, with few exceptions, would do for Victoria), Professor Brown de»ls chieflr with what are generally looked upon as for-at trees, but he also includes others possessmg ornamental attractions only. He then givs u alphabetical list, in nccordance with botanic ntmes, describing each tree briefly and giving information iu regard to the sorts and situations upon which it will grow. The econnmic use of its timber and the manner io which it should be propagt'ed. This list is followed by a calendar of m-mthly forest operatiooa during 'be yea', and pubsequent chapters contain liAta of trees suitable for planting on the plain, for avenue, saline soils, streets, hedges, sea coas s, ai-d calcareous soils. "With rega<d t> the blue gum, eucalyptus globulus, the most generally pi «nted of the euealyptua p-c:e#, our experience at Mumdal i« not in its favour, ns a tree that will Jive for many yea»s. It is of gr at va'ue in quickly forming a break-wind a« a protecvoo for other trees, bat after ab'.ot 25 year it dies being killed by some destructive inS"Ct ; toil even before that age is r-ached it is very sub ject to the attacks of caterpillars. It is, as we know, a tree of very rapid growth, and has been known to grow in three or foor T® from the planting of the sed, to a height of 35 and even fo'tj feet. Ii 1878 a specimen was exhibited in the United Sta'« b of America wb'cb had a'trined a height in ebv-n yearn of 00 feet, and had a diameti r at five feet from the ground of 13J ii.ches- So much aueolioo has th» rapid growth of the trse att' acted in America that in the ten yeats \ receding 1882, 000,000 had been planted, mainly in the » treats aud around the dwellings of American viliag n aod cit vs. The planting of marram gr.i8s»loi<g thecMsU at Portland, Fort F'iy an i AV irmambool has been followed by most hen» ricial result. jTbe inrosd of the s-nds, thrown np by the wav»-s and carried iu'aod by the winds bs been practically checked, and ib'js much gno<l land has been sav<d from de- Ktructi n. It might, however, he well worthy of consideration whether Wf should not adopt thi> plan in vogue in France, fi-st introdnced by h Fr uch ei ginerin 1787, via., to ?ow seeds of th» u.atviwe p:ne witb the grass, nd in places when- thnt pine Will not thrive well, any other pines or tre we might by experiment find FuitAhlc to our climate aod oiL This plan has h ii a lojited, after French experience, in Massachusetts, where the pitch-pine and the lwacb-grass (I do not know whether or not this is the same grass ai has been planted on our sea ooast) are plauted 4-n tbc 44 duues," as in France, with great success. Th -ain would be more than doubled, not only would the drift of sand in overwhelming qututitiea be stopped but trees of commercial value for their timber, and for ibeir bye- (T )duct«i,such-as fain and turpentine, be gtown 1" the Advantage of the whole community. Th-j question of the adornment of our home- tt ad and our villages by t-rnsmental plantiog 1 liuve left silrtiost t-j the lot. On 'hi I «in- not do better tliHn quote the well-known writer Addis >:i, and I would warmly commend the quotation lo landed proprie;ore wh«th-i- they own a fow or maoy »cre% and to the nuthoiit'rs who rale our riiire and o'her municipalitie : — ,4 Th r i-.' he say-, "something truly mag-ifi- c-ni in t his kind of amusement. It give«a nobler air 'o mmy parts of Natme ; it fids the e rtb wirli a variety of b-au iful scne, end ha« n-met ling iu it like creat'on. For this reASo-, the pl-asure of ope who plants i« som-rthipg lik - th.it . f a poet, w bo, as Aristotle observer, is n-o e delighted wit » his production than any mLer writer, or rrtist wbatevrr. PlautAt:or>s have O' ' adva txge in tbein, which is not to be found iu ui «frt other wot ks, as they giv- pioasur of h it or laiti'-.g dafe, and c«n imnilly imjnove tMo eye of tbc plan er. AVhcn you h«ve finished a build'rg or ny other nudeitakiog of a l«kf na'ure, it immediately begins to d-cy un your hin<; you set io b.OJght to i s utmost p dot of perfection, and from that time haste ing to rum. Un tin c iptrry, when you have fini.-bed our piwotitions, they are still Mirivi- g at greater degrees of perfection, as lung a- you live, and appear more delightful in t;ich occeding year than they did iu the fote- g "ng." The gen ral truth of this panegyric on tree- planting will be readily admitted. Let us »ct, tiiost- who have tbe opp >rtunity, and let u not ii-- iliiappo nted, though we have many failutep, and th ugh «>cc4eionaliy King A dus comes in hi- night and iemoraelesslj sends cra»hi<g to th" r i b some much l«>vc-d tree. 44 To Sir A.nbr ise Jlruwn at Betchwoitb Castle," says quaint Juhn Evelyn, 4 in tbt temprstoo s ui d, which tre# down my greatest t evs »t s -ves C urt and did >o much mischief all ov»r England. ' (P-rfntbeticiliy I may state that the next entry in Evtdyu1 dUry is 4 September 3rd, died that arcb rebel Oliver C-omwell, cdicd Fi otectur." Orperhsp some mii»u'e,but <1- n ii dealing ii.sect ea s ont the heart of some a ich fav. uritc. Only a few weeks since one of the loftiest of < ur Mumdal aspens was blown lowu in a b'gh wi d, and we then le-mt that Iv'ig.Eolus I. ad a jowrful ally in thi wht'e an', «b-cb hd eaten into tbe heart of 'he tree, a i d re'.der- d it an esy piey to the tempestuous nind. Or m bushfire may utterly destroy and do ii, uc i damage to our plant t ons. Habbits Agnin have to be fought. Maii is bjrn to trouble a tb«; .-parks fly upward. These difficulties iu th-uayof planta'ion progress are no greatr it . i i out ! refdtbers had to nuet in tne «U I ml. Perhaps Tennyon had some of these dillicultus in bis ibougbts, «h"n he wrote " A iipbion," a slioit poem which I venture to quote : — My father left a park to me, But it is wild and barren, A garden loo with scarce a tree And waster than a warren ; Vet say tbe neighbours when they call, It is not bad bat good land. And io it is tbc germ of all That grows within the woodland. O badl lived when song was great In days of old Ampbion, And ta'en my fiddle to the gate, Nor cared for seed or scion 1 And had I lived when soog was great And legs of trees were limber, And ta'en my fiddle to the gate And fiddled in the timber 1 'Tis said he hod a tuneful tongue, Such happy intonation, Wherever be sat down and sung v iiv lelt % small plantation ; Wherever in a londy -grove He set np bis iorlom pipes, The gouty oak began to move, And flounder Into hornpipes. The mountain stirred its bushy crown, 4 And, as Tradition teaches. Young ashes pirouetted down, Coquettlug with young beeches ; And briony -vine and ivy- wreath Ran forward to bis rhyminc. And from the valleys nnda-neath Came little copses climbing. The linden broke her rankB and tent The woodbinevrreatba that bind her. And down the middle buzz ! she went With all .her bees behind her: The poplars, in long order due, With cypress promenaded, Tbc shock-head willows two and two By riveisgaUopaded. Came wet-shot aider from the wave, Came ye we, a dismal coterie ; Kadi iiluck'd his one loot from Hie grave, , Poassetting with a siue-Ur. . Olil elms <»nie breaking from tic vine, 1 Tbe vtoeatream'il oat lo Mlow, And, sweating rosin, plnmp'd the pine From many a doudy holknc. And wasn't it a sight to see. When, ere bis aong was ended Like some preat landslip, tree by tree, The oountry-side desceuded ; : And shepherds from the rannntaln eaves lorfrtlduwn, half pleased, hall liightened. As dash'd about the dranken lenel The random sunshine liijbtanVL Oh 1 Nimrc first was fnAlo men, . And wanton without measure ; So yomhlnl and so BeiUe then, Tou moved her at Fonrpleunne. Twancont,my ttddlel shake Ihetal! . - And make berdsnoeattandanoe; - Blow Bote, and stir the Btia-ert riKs, And scirrhous, -roots and tendons. "T1b Tata 1 in such a brassy ag. - I coold not mure a thistle ; The Tory sparrowa ta theltaage Bcaromnnewer tom/whletle i - » Or at tbe most, when «hree-parts-«idc >r.-. WithMnunmlnssndwitiiscrainny, ..art A Jackals Jmrfjsws ironj the rict, - TbejswelreoiengaplJV. Bat what is that I hear 7 a sound 1 Like sleepy counsel pleadings ; | O Lord l 'tis in my neighbour's grounds, The Modern Moses reading. They reed Botanic. Treatises, And works on gardening thro Umce, And methods of transplanting Pea . To look ss if they grew there. Tbe witherd Misses 2 bow they prose O'er books of travelled mamen, And Bbow yon slips of all that grows From England to Van Diemen. They read ia arbours dipt and cut. And alleys, faded places, . By squares of tropic so anna- 6hat Auk watxn'd in crystal owes. Bat these, tho' fed with careful dirt, Are neither green nor sappy, Half conscious ol the garden squirt, Tbe spindlings lock unhappy. Better to me the meanest weed That blows opon its mountain. The rikst herb that runs So seed Btside its native fountain. And I most work Chro' months ol toQ» And years ol cultivation Upon my proper patch of eoQ To grow my own plantation. I'll take the showers as they fall, I will not vex my bosom. Enough if at the end of uD A little garden blossom. Let us, however, not despair, but let ns be care ful in our choice of trees. I am not one of those wbocondemii theeoe lyptua for it« lack of beauty of form or of foliage. I pity him who cannot admire the st»fely red gam trees, such as we see ner JDunkeld, w.th ibtir magnificent trunks and gnailed aod spreading breeches, and I am amply amiwd «t «ny one who would not be lost in wonder at the mammoth trees of Gipps'and, rivalling, if not surpassing, the Segovia of California, or, as we English are ««4it to call it, the Wellingtonia. Andjet ldo fe< 1 that we w»ut more vtfie'T, and especially io tbe colour of the f -liage. I have much sym pathy with those who t:re of the evr-rltsiog gum. And so it would be to tbe gain of our landic-p-eto iotroduc more foreign tree, n«t indeed igm-r ng oor own Aosnalian treei, as unworthy of pUnting, but being c«r'ful to grow others which from qur own or otb-r people s experience s find suitable. It specially, in my jodgment, d > we wait drcidooas tees, for though leafless in wfff-tr, the v. riety of change from the fre?h gw n of »priug to »he nioy tinis of autumn will rupulv moch van tj wmf'ng in our fcenerj. 44 The wft, tender, go!d"b hue of spring, when fi at tie cosy corer sg of waterproof »cal-s, falli -g away, dis close the virgin nchn«s of _ tbe young leaf, emexg" soon into tbe florid dep b of the summ-r colouri g. But iu autumo all mnst find beauty in the marvellou change which makes the gretn of summer blossom into tbe clours of the lalubow." (flrat'-, on 44 Tree G-issip.") To me personally it ii »n eter-grow- ig hubby — :his tree-,-1 intiug — and perhaps I | niy be pardoned for sjiecial raent»o» of | English oak which uiy wife and I ! hi ought out from Yu.ksbire more than . teo years agi, ai<d which is atnoi-gst oor | choicest tr asures. I- was then a s eJlii>g— I sjru»g from an acorn of 1S>4 — and change of | climite tendered to exbaost its strcgtfa, ss-in J Decemb r onboard the etearn'r conn"g to a i warm- r latitude it put forth a second mop of l«ves. Then aft-r it Lai been planted in ibe i groonds at Mnradnl itmt# ith an -the r check, J for someone carelessly w<ed:r.g round it to |-re- i vent its being cboke I «i fa we d< pulld it out of the ground, and went away ignorant of 'he I mi-chief he had do:1. Had it not been for my broth i (an enthusiast in tr es as the Hamilton r&ceeouise; it showing), who cbanred to come ly, it w»old have died in infancy. He put it bick in >he ground. Since then it baa striven wilL Tbt li tie Eugli-h o-k, spru -g from »n vcorn off a tee, wbich tradition eays dates back for 1000 y ars, has given proof of itt vitality in is Australian home. Surely this is a good omen that we, yot.ng Austi-aline, have the vitality of j our race, aud that we shll do our best to carry en the b -t traditions of our Motherland. 