CAPE WRATH SWEPTTHE FLAMES. : f 5,500 ACRES OF GRASSNED. MILES OF FENCING pOYED. (Bt our Special Rer) The history of the busbfires rave from time to time devastated the Ctw Estate mhows that while they have beeomly dis astrous they have all aiming fie same quarter and have followed an i| cnura. Starting cither on Brisbane fljin tiiat neigbbonrnooa tne nres tore nsygnt o»- may to the holders of Cape Were gone acrocs with high westerly winds j Mount Napier toad, leaving the station |cs blade and bare behind them. Last weutbreak oo Brisbane Hills, reported in talumns, took the usual ec'Uia-, got under on Cape Wrath after sOO acnes of grass was burned. The fire tugbt to : be perfectly rafe at the &d; of ik, and under ordinary circumsiances iter would have been accounted for. Birterrible winds whidi prevailed on Snadayaffidest to awaken the faintest spark in i stump or 1<£, and the fiery blast mutt parched out audi a spftrk. It is not an ation to say that tbe fine leaped up this because according to some who wi'nessefew out break a spark was carried folly 75 from a point Inside the ring of the burnatty to the grass on the outride. Afte it was only a question of miimtes tn|he run seemed to be on fire. Neithe Phiiip nor Mr. T. Bobertsoo, the? owner of the property! wcre fc hut the men who were on the alotlr pre pared to do all that could beaface of the heat and wind. Any attemifht tbe a LmJoc. utirl I HMDW ""'1 "z r UH» fore set themselves the task of sA stick. In this they were highly sucefo- d- though the fire epread to every p on the estate save one of 640 acres, jpp weie lost. -The high wind drove tfagKssthe paddocks at a rate which, in thgAof the oldest fire-fightaa who saw itagr been equalled iu this district Thoggbuntry was not hea v ly grassed. and figtt part there was little or wo -scrub, tig pieces were curried ahead of tbe 4 fifile con flagration for eerral byrids. The way force of the Bsttully saved Monivae and Moon® from being invaded by the devasteti&at;, for it muried the flames along oak over iriiieb tbey extended- »t she fid pro- vented them from spreading regsouth. Short as the gia's was, a fiereep never been seen ou open country. H cases where, wire fenees are laid tifib the posts taking firwthe uprights aifi»an>ed hrough level with the ground, finy iu- wtanoes tiiey may be men swing® wires, which are held up by audi oftlfis have not been buraed. On C»pe Wifiof tbe wire fences are eimply levelled, lying along the ground and most of tfiarned from end to end. On the rift ride of the lane which runs dA the Mouot Napier road to the homefi posts have actually burned awHyundfie sor-: face, and not a vestige of bunarSsuto be seen save the ashes. The ©aining waste are also burned out, leavirig loops at toe ends of ihe frirra lyrag < mnd In xme place a gat abas teen > uttefcdi'.d, only a couple of fsg endsof teofi Some mites of fearing has heeaderffc Mr. Bobertaon |s particolariy imforloriig j \- all save some 2,000 acres of gift new property, more espedaUy a toefin ii a very "long way ofi. Very Ii«t®Hpsed fiSr&ftirok; otarefiredr. «U »esriy„tiie 'f"1® of ffmss. am ».» -j" Kun h j sot reostiiv suire ; nw ham chovn would b«ve b-en n Sility, tut «mply because there w« nA().p« -fYretfi in its track to tie deTOUre«onnt Napier road wss reaobed yifty Snd it Jtfbt te thouglrt tut sudi Afare would prom -an effectaal break. lwind of Sonday tberoad ptfiyed t raoA tbe flre' was «mr Ufa a -doom (tapAumr -imnbeUwit wrotwbt aenoM ««- tecd.T <nly firoonCnps Wnl tire little - reddm;aj- ?aw«np lksi|Mt. tWl-gbsn: Frony tliis suiotaiog tfidUyandtbe fire wdMtlBoarn acO. NbiB >MHnge from the (ffoodi can pot tbemeouRnnp, aad'unlera timt Sails. frj ?«» »I of,1 mlittble soil will be destroyed. RfUp ims timt «Hhe 7,700 jsJbme Wraft sometiiiBg 2,<B)nly 