A REMABKABLE ATMOSPHERIC APPEARANCE. Mr. A. W. Anderson, first assistant, Weather Bureau, has kindly supplied the following memorandum In response to inquiries from this office :-During Satur- day one of the most unusual sights was noted in and around Brisbane. In many respects it was an awe-inspiring sky. Unlike a bushfire haze, one would have imagined it was connected in a measure with a volcanic eruption. Our meteoro- logical data, however, are not,so com- plete as to warrant any other opinion than that the wonderful sight was due to Brisbane being on the north-eastern edge of the antarctic depression, " Pales," which during Saturday existed over New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania. At the same time the recent most abnormal heat experienced, and the consequent radiation therefrom, aid- ed largely in the matter. The science of meteorology has not, however, reach- ed the stage of absolute accuracy, and it will be most interesting to wait de- velopments throughout Australasia dur- ing the next few weeks. Meantime, tlie public must kindly understand that the Chief Weather Bureau will leave no stone unturned to adequately sift the matter, when all the figures come to hand from the various Australasian sta- tions, and passing vessels who from time to time generously aid us. Those Who were about at sunrise yes- terday (says the " S. M. Herald" of Fri- day last) would have noticed the pecu- liarly deep colour of the sun, and for a couple of hours af terwards one could look at it with tihe naked eye. It was look- ing through a dust fog or haze, and the ocoaslons upon Which such an Incident has happened Qiave been so rare that the Government Astronomer, Mi-. Russell, lhas supplied some data in connection with it. In December, 1880, the mail steamer Potosi was off Moruya, 140 miles south of Sydney, When she ran into one of these red dust fogs, and rain carne on, with the result that the steamer's decks were covered with a red or choco late-eoloured mud. " Had rain fallen yesterday," said Mr. Russell, " we should have had the streets of the city covered with a like deposit ; but as it was the dust went off the coast to the eastward." The only recorded instance of previous dust fogs at Sydney are very few, though some may, and doubtless have occurred, of which no note was taken. But in Oc- tober, 1876, a thick red haze held the sun's rays in check for several hours. The next occasions were in December, 1880, and December, 1883, in February, 1884, and March the same year, and in August, 1885. From a meteorological point of view this red haze has some in- terest Inasmuch as that during a red dust storm in France, and which was brought down by rain, it was demon- strated by analysis of the deposit that the particles of dust were from the West Indies or the South American coast, and must have been carried across the At- lantic in the higher regions of the at- mosphere, where the Winds are much stronger than near the earth's surface. The question as to yesterday's dust fog is made the more interesting, it being quite possible that the contents of the dust cloud observed yesterday may have come with the westerly and north- westerly Winds from places beyond the Australian continent. Of the weather generally the outlook is for very dry con- ditions, with west to north-west and south-west winds, strong In the southern parts of the colony and light in the north. Between 2 and 4 a,m. yesterday some gusts from the westward reached thirty miles per hour, and in the country the squalls have been unusually violent. Light rain lhas fallen in the south and south-east of this colony. A telegram received on Friday night by the " S. M. Herald" from Ivanhoe, in the Southern districts of New South Wales, says :-The most terrific duststorm ever experienced here broke at 6.30 this after- noon. At 5 am. heavy stormclouds were .hanging overhead, and a few drops of rain fell, succeeded by a fierce westerly gale, which blew all day at the rate of forty miles an hour, gathering up dust and debris, until the atmosphere was quite thick. At 5 p.m. a thicker bank of dust was noticed rising in the north-west. It gradually approached before the west- erly gale with a force of sixty miles an ¡hour. It was, impossible to see more than a dozen yards away, and it was almost dark whilst the duststorm lasted. A few drops of rain succeeded the dust . but it Is now clear. 