Town Gossip. Brief then-What's the news.-KING JOHN. Mr. Grimwood had his two canoes in full sail on the river on Sunday afternoon last. Several leaks have broken out in the water main in George-Btreet, and need at tention. A species of grub is causing much des truction in local vegetable gardens, and is devastating cabbage beds. Mr. D. Mayne's launch Colonel was running up and down the river on Sunday afternoon last with passengers. One of our district medicos evidently in tends purchasing a " bike," as he is having a quiet practice every afternoon, and shapes well. Mr. George Bowman, junr, of Freeman's Reach, has been very ill during the week, suffering from a severe attack of inflam mationof the lungs. The concert arranged by the Rev. S. G. Fielding takes place at the Church of Eng land on Monday evening next. A good programme is arranged. A slight accident occurred during the week, when the axle of Mr. G. Cobcroft's trap was broken in George-street. No other damage was done. Mr. Harry Brooks, late of " The Austra lian" Office, Windsor, is now proprietor of " The Rylstone Express," and his local friends wish him success. Mr. Jim Byram has laid out a nice vege table garden at the rear of his premises. Where once were stones and rubbish, the succulent cabbage now luxuriates. Monday and Tuesday were disagreeably hot- veritable roasters - and the winds, which carried about clouds of dust, did much damage to fruit and other crops. If the Committee of the local School of Arts don't soon hurry up with the improve ments, or buy a new supply of books they will have no members at all on their roll. Bush-fires very much intensified the natural heat experienced in the district this week. Luckily, we have now had a nice steady fall of rain, which will freshen the crops and herbage. Mr. J. W. Mortley, brother to Mr. Fred Mortley, of Windsor, and who has for years been President of the Ashfield Bowling Club, has been presented by that body with a portrait in oils of himself. Rev. S. G. Fielding, in his sermon at St. Matthew's Church of England on Sun day, made reference to the visit of the Pre mier, and to his denunciation on the pre vious day of the sweating system. Through the courtesy of Mr. H. T. McAlister, our worthy C.P.S., we are en abled to publish the following statistics for quarter ending September 80 : Births, 62, Deaths, 17, Marriages, 12. Number of dogB registered at the local Court-house, 854. Three prisoners, young m«n all of them were marched up to the Gaol from Wind sor Railway-station on Tuesday, hand cuffed together. Not a very edifying spectacle - though, by the way they laughed and joked, it seemed as though they rather enjoyed it. The " Dubbo Liberal" says Mr. J. W. McNeile has written several articles in our columns on the " Irish Land Question, and its lessons to Australians." They are ex ceedingly well-written, and full of point and sound argument, and almost convince one of the necessity of Home Rule." Speaking in Sydney on Monday, Mr. McGowen said : " Reading the ' Daily Telegraph's' account of Mr. Reid's visit to Windsor and Richmond, they said that he had had a great reception ; reading the . Star's' report, they said that he had a very poor time. Now which was right ?" Over 800 dogs have been registered this season at Windsor Court-house. At times we are led to think that they all live some what in the vicinity of the Post-office corner, for the din at midnight is some thing terrible right through the summer. Some of the animals ought to have their deaths registered. Notwithstanding the number of men registered for employment on the Windsor Bridge job, very few are answering to the call. They are being taken according to order of application, and it is discovered that many of them are in other jobs or have left the district. Mr. McCaull, who has charge of this work, is doing his best to fi&d; work for all local applicants. Mr. E. Sandoz is leaviug town next Monday. Mi*. W. McGrath looka well after hi» re cent trip to the old country. Mr D. Holland ha9 returned after some months' stay in Melbourne. i The tomporary bridge over the river is very rapidly approaching completion. The shop adjoining Mr. G. Dickson's, is being fitted up for a new local draper. A start has been made with the work of erecting the water tower at Windsor butter factory. Miss Kilpatrick, dressmaker, elsewhere notifies her removal to Pitt's Buildings, George-street. Splendid samples of fish have been hook ed in our river of late, amongst them some fine fiathead. A great rush was made to the Court house on Tuesday last by owners who wished to register their canines. A plan for a park pavilion has been pre pared, and there are hopes that it will be erected soon-when the funds are raised. Our sister town, Richmond, seems to have had a gloom cast over it during the past week through several untimely deaths occurring. Wilberforce Public School annual picnic takes place on Wilberforce Park next Wed nesday. Mr W. Morgan will be amongst the guests. Messrs Abbott and Kirkby, being first class amateur actors, are kept particularly busy just now by the promoters of publip entertainments. The Railway Commissioners are calling for tenders for 1000 sleepers, at any station between Richmond, Picton, Penrith, and Newcastle-tenders closing on October 26. His Honor Judge Murray is certainly the most popular and best-liked Judge who for years has presided over our Quarter Sessions. He isn't as hard as a block of wood, anyhow. A correspondent asserts that a couple of young ladies spend part of several nights each week in the Peninsula lanes, practising the equestrian art-and without a side saddle, too. The Windsor Branch of the Protectionist League has arranged to hold a ball on Tuesday, November 3. An address by Mr. T. Rose is also promised towards the end of the month. The congregation of St Matthew's C. of E. were accorded a 'treat on Sunday even ing, when Miss Evelyn Williams, one of Sydney's leading contraltos, sang " Cal vary" in fine style. Mr Adam Winefield, who was for a long time in the employ of Mr G. Robertson, writes from West Australia to say that he is doing well over there, and invites others to try their luck in the Golden West. Since the Council have the cricket-ground fairly under way, an effort should be made to form a bicycle track round the oval, which would be an encouragement to this healthful recreation. It would only cost a few-less than five-pounds. A local resident states that whilst he was driving on Monday last, the sun was so hot that, through the medium of the piece of glass in the back portion of the hood of the buggy, a bole was burned in the felt hat which he was wearing. Next, please. Elsewhere is advertised concert to be held at Wilberforce next Wednesday evening, in connection with the local Public-school. Sydney and Windsor vocalists will assist. Also the Cadets' Band. Mr. Poidevin and ail concerned are working well in the matter. Mr. Charles Green, of Lower Portland, has gone in foi? dairying, finding it pays well. He will milk 26 cows this season, the cream being sent to Sydney. The freight on a can of cream by the river steamer to Sydney is 1/. Rather high, isn't it ? Messrs Ashton and O'Reilty made rattl ing speeches at the Windsor meeting on Saturday, and the latter scored a big point by his eloquent reference to the Australian flag flying opposite, at Mr A. Steam's. He did not think, comparing N.S.W. with the sister colonies, that she was by any means going " A Stearn." Three " pals" of the burglarious trio sentenced each to 12 months at Windsor Quarter Sessions on Wednesday tramped up from Sydney on Tuesday night. They wanted to see justice done their comrades \-- and they looked as though if justice were done them, they wouldn't be able to walk back to Sydney for a time. The river last Sunday was quite lively with sailing boats and canoes. Mr. McCaul, Superintendent of the bridge works, has taken one of Mrs. Ed- wards' cottages. Everything seems to be improving in town lately, and there is now scarcely a shop or house vacant. Nickels and Stormon's is the leading house in town for groceries. Nothing but the best goods kept in stock.* Great quantities of hay are being carted through town for the city markets, and growing prices are being realized. Rifle Club shooting takes place this (Sat urday) afternoon at 2 p.m. at the Butts, in connection with Windsor " A" Company. The pair of ponies exhibited by Mr. Mark Foy at the last Hawkesbury Show were struck dead with lightning last week. All the storekeepers in Windsor are put- ting paint to their buildings, which one may suppose indicates the approach of Xmas. Snakes are becoming very plentiful in the district. Mr. E. A. Pye had a valuable heifer die through the effects of a bite of one of the venomous ophidians. Hares are becoming a great nuisance in the Peninsula. One farmer states that he disturbed four whilst going to work one day through the week in that locality. A parly of local picknickers journeyed to Grose Vale on Sunday last in Mr. Jesse Gosper's coach, and visited several of the beauty spots in the vicinity of Cabbage-tree Gully. Windsor streets presented quite a lively appearance on Saturday afternoon lost with vehicles from the country. Country folk were anxious to obtain a glimpse at Premier Reid. The services in St. Matthew's Church of England on Sunday will be as follow : Morning 11, evening 7.80. Rev. S. G. Fielding will preach on "The death of the Archbishop of Canterbury." The presiding Judge at the Quarter Ses- sions created a most favorable impression by the calm and judical yet withal impres- sive manner in which he dealt with the cases that came before him. Great sympathy was expressed in the district in the district on Sunday last when it became known that Mr. Leslie Dunston, whose familiar face was so well known in town, had been cut down by the great reaper, " Death." The Rey. C. A. White will shortly re- ceive a call to the Presbyterian Churches, Windsor and Riverstone. He will reside here permanently, and intends taking Mr. S. Hoskisson's cottage on the Richmond I road, near the Park. The interjections during the Premier's speech on Saturday afternoon last were very few. " I wouldn't mind," remarked one of the Opposition, " having a slap at old George, but he can see in daytime and would deal it out too hot." So the other chap thought who was present. It is gratifying to note that Hawkesbury District folk still maintain their long possessed reputation for political fairness for during the respective visits of Messrs Lyne and Co. and Reid and Co., every courtesy was displayed by Freetrader and Protectionist alike. They agree to differ with each other. On Wednesday afternoon last whilst old Mr. John Lehane was in his cart in front of Greenwell's something caused the horse to move and Mr. Lehane pulled him down in the road. Several bystanders came to the rescue and released the old man, who is a cripple, from his perilous position and un fastened the harness and let the horse up. Mr. W. H. Dean has a fine crop of rust proof wheat out at Fairy Farm, and intends to keep portion of it for seed. To show how prolific wheat is, from one seed as many as 117 stalks have grown, and a head on each will return a total of 6000 grains. Mr. Dean also planted an acre of onions in June, and the crop is looking simply splendid. The case of Swannell v McGuire, heard on Friday last was brought on as a test case. Some of the erstwhile Pitt Town settlers imagine that they have perman- ent vested interests in the settlement and its belongings, and were committing many depredations. Mr. McCaulley, who ap- peared for the prosecution, said that on this occasion he did not press for heavy punishment, but in any future case the maximum penalty would be asked for. Attention is directed to Messrs Paling and Co's advertisement in this issue. The members of St. Matthew's R. C. Church intend holding a concert at an early date. The Courthouse had the usual crowd of loungers at the Quarter Sessions on Wednesday. The rain caused the men on the tem- porary bridge works to knock off last last Wednesday. Mr. L. Barnett will conduct an evan- gelistic service in the Gospel Hall, Sack- ville Reach, to-morrow (Sunday) evening, at 7 o'clock. The time for receiving tenders for dis- trict road work, advertised in our last issue, has been extended to Wednesday next, 21st inst. WANT OF SLEEP, Constipation biliousness, and dyspepsia should be treated with Wolfe's Schnapps. It is most effective, gentle and agreeable^ A special service will be held in the Windsor Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening. The singing will be a special feature, and several sacred solos will be rendered. Amongst the visitors to the Fancy Fair to open in Richmond next week will be Meesrs. W. Morgan, W. H. B. Pidding- ton, E. O'Sullivan, and A. Chapman, M's.L.A. Mr. D. O'Reilly, at Windsor: "I al- ways thought Windsor was a progressive town, and that it was going ahead. But the sign over the way (pointing to Mr. A. Stear's shop), said A.-Stern." And the crowd cheered. Messrs. T. Abbott and A. A. Collison erected the different stalls for Ye Olde English Fayre, which opened in St. Matthew's school-hall on Thursday. In order to have it ready for the opening, they worked all Wednesday night. Two or three Sydney gentlemen paid a visit to Windsor last for the purpose of having a look over the Windsor Observa- tory. They were courteously shown through by Mr. Tebbutt, and were de- lighted with what they saw. Frequenters of the Courthouse had their minds insensibly turned to Mr. R. D. Meagher's lecture on " Crime and Crim- inals" when they saw the burglars in dock at the Quarter Sessions on Wednes- day. They were true types of genus larrikin. Mr. R. A. Pye has started his volcanic aerated machine, and can supply all aerated summer drinks, flavoured with pineapple, kola nut, raspberry, lime juice,champagne, orange champagne, lemon, etc., at 2 per glass. Come and try one-best drink in the district.* Monday last was the hottest day we have experienced so early in the season since the establishment of the Windsor Observatory in 1862. The shade temper ature reached 101.3 degrees, which is described by Mr. John Tebbutt, F.R.A.S., as being extraordinary. Mr. D. O'Reilly M.P., made some per- tinent remarks with reference to the Pro- tectionists, in his Windsor speech on Saturday. He suggested that the local branch of the Protection League should ask Mr. Lyne for a straight-out answer to the question " Would he, or would he not repeal the land-tax ?" A resident says that he visited a house in Windsor recently and found a man with his wife and 7 children almost starv- ing. They were poorly clad, and hadn't a crust in the house. And yet we send large sums of money out of the colony every year to Christianise heathen races. Meantime our own people may starve. In his younger days-and when he was a little less adipose -- Hon. G. H. Reid frequently played cricket in the Hawkes- bury district. On one occasion, before we had the railway, he walked from Pen- rith to Richmond to take part in a match. How many present day cricket enthusiasts would do that ? The average cornstalk would chase a horse round a ten acre paddock for an hour to ride a mile. Old Jack " Geese" was very much alive at the Premier's meeting on Saturday afternoon, notwithstanding that a local undertaker was under the impression that he placed the old fellow under the sod some time ago. He had a front "seat" at the meeting and caused a lot of fun by his constant fire of interjections. " You're right, sonny," he remarked when the Premier made a statement about the Victorian factories. His interjections were not always relevant-- but Jack got there just the same. 