BUNGENDORE. [From the Queanbeyan Age.] A NUMBER of deaths have occurred in our little village of late. An infant son of Mr. John McKay died on Wednesday last, and on Thursday Mrs. Carnell breathed her last, at her residence "The Reserve." The de- ceased lady had been an acute sufferer for a length of time from an incurable disease, which she bore patiently. Her death is looked upon as a happy release from pain and suffering. The deepest sympathy is felt for Mr. Carnell and family in their bereavement. The remains were interred on Friday in the Church of England cemetery, the Rev J. Scott officiating at the grave. We have been experiencing fearfully hot weather for the past eight days, and as a consequence many persons are laid up, with what seems like sun- stroke in a slight form. Mr. Gus Collett was quite stricken down on Monday last, and later in the week it was found necessary to remove him to his parents' home at Queanbeyan, where he still remains under medical treatment. Mr. Pollack of the railway-gates had a very narrow escape from being bitten by a tiger-snake on Saturday. He was in the act of removing a sleeper from a heap of others, and had lifted one end when the reptile came out between his hands. It fought desperately before it was dispatched. This kind of snake is very numerous and vicious this season. Scarcely a day passes but we hear of some one having an encounter with them. Incendiarism is supposed to be the cause of some of the recent bush-fires. On Friday last a thunderstorm passed over the district; during the afternoon 45 points fell, and for a time it appeared as if we were going to have a further downfall; but it cleared off, and since then the heat and hot winds have been almost un- bearable. Mr. Willard, our esteemed public school teacher, has been ordered rest by his medical adviser in Sydney, and he has been granted a few weeks' leave of absence from duty. Mr. Bleust arrived on Monday morning to take charge of the school during Mr. Wil- lard's absence. 