ITEMS OF NEWS. The ceremony of proroguing the present session of Parliament took place at 5 p.m. yester day. His Excellency the Governor left Govern ment House shortly before that hour, and a salute from the Domain battery announced his depar ture. Lord Brassey was attended by an escort consisting of the Rupertswood battery of horse artillery, and on arrival at Parliament House was received by a guard of honor consisting of the Victorian artillery and permanent naval forces. His Excellency was escorted to the Legislative Council Chamber by the principal officers of the military and naval staff, and after the members of the Assembly bad been summoned the Governor read tho prorogation speech, setting forth the work of tho session, and.expressing satisfaction at those signs of material progress that are manifested in the improved revenue re turns and the larger output of gold and other minerals. In connection with the A.N.A. picnic at Trentham to-morrow, rail tickets can be obtained from Mr W. Lascelles at the local station prior to the departure of the two special trains. Sir W. A, Zeal forwarded £1 to Mr W. R, McGregor to distribute among those persons whom he named, as Christmas gifts, that will be appreciated by the receivers who have thanks to convey to their kind, thoughtful donor. The Crown Hotel, at the corner of Hargreave and Forest streets, has been entirely renovated, and is under now management. The best ales (Standard xxxx) draught, liquors, &c.;, are kept, and patrons can rely upon having their wants satisfactorily supplied. The menu is excellent, and the tariff very reasonable. The passenger traffic by rail yesterday on the main line was equal to that on Christmas Eve last year. Several special trains were run from Melbourne and also from Bendigo, and very little delay was occasioned in their arrival and departure. The local bookings were con sidered very satisfactory, the majority travel ling Melbournewards. A goodly number booked for Maryborough and Ballarat. Mr M. Egan, the well-known proprietor of the Commercial Hotel, at the corner of Har greave and Forest streets, has made every accommodation for his Christmas customers. Cool drinks and all liquor's of superior brands can be obtained. A chimney afire at the residence of Mr J. Hammond in Mostyn-street east caused the firebell to be rung vigorously shortly before 11 o'clock last night, and of course great conster nation prevailed. The brigade (under Captain Todd) responded promptly, but were sent on a fruitless errand, the result of a person stupidly and unnecessarily tolling the bell. A dance is to be held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Chewton, to-morrow night. A service is to be held in the Presbyterian Church this forenoon. The House Steward of the Hospital acknow ledges the receipt of four cases of apricots from Mr George Symes ; also a case of wine from Messrs Fitzgerald and Newman, for the use and enjoyment of the inmates. Mr Adam C. McCay, Principal of the Castle maine Grammar School, on Wednesday took out his degree as Master of Arts in the University of Melbourne. Mr McCay qualified himself for this degree in 1894, but was compelled to wait for two years before it could be conferred upon him. Market Square and Barker-street presented a very animated appearance last night from the crowd that so filled the footpath as to render walking a tedious process. The Foundry Band (under Mr Charles Greensides), and another band (under Mr H. Monteith) discoursed capi tal music in the town and outskirts. Some in ventive youths, with half masks and blackened faces, tried their fortune in singing from house to house, and earned coppers. The fancy shops drew crowds of buyers, while next to them came the drapers and grocers, who were kept as busy as a bee flitting about with supplies for the Christmas table. Besides the Santa Claus stockings children were provided with toys and trumpets that will make households noisy, if not musical. The weather was favourable in the evening for strolling out of doors, it being comparatively cool to what it was during the day, when the thermometer registered 94deg in the shade. Patrons and stewards, with others interested in the Campbell's Creek and district "Try Excelsior " Exhibition, met on Tuesday evening last to make final arrangements for the opening, which takes place on Wednesday evening next. The ceremony will be performed by Mr J. W. McCay, M.P., at 7 o'clock, and the show will remain open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Thursday and Friday (New Year's Day). Everything is being done to ensure attractive ness, interest, and success. All under 18 may exhibit free, but should forward their entries to the Rev F. C. Vian on Wednesday at the latest. A fire occurred in the ranges near the Gar field mine at Chewton yesterday, and by it a whole family have been rendered destitute. For a short time past a man named James Allen and his wife and family have been living in two calico tents (conjoined), and by some un accountable means yesterday the tents be came ignited, and in a few minutes were consumed, along with the furniture and other effects. Mrs Allen had her hands severely burnt in her efforts to rescue the children, one of whom, it is stated, also received serious in juries, and had to he removed to the Hospital. A very large quantity of alluvial and reef gold was sold at the banks yesterday, which will put the sellers in ample funds for the enjoy ment of the holidays. The intelligence from Glenluce is very encouraging, the Glenluce G. M. Company having struck rough gold in the reef, which runs through the stone. Freeman and party had a crushing from their reef at Blacksmith's Gully, of 5 tons for the yield of 32oz gold. Though the reef is narrow its quality is satisfactory. From North Chapel Hill a crushing of 6 tons gave a return of 9oz gold. These are a few of the yields that have become known, but most of the finders do not reveal where their rewards came from. Mr W. R. Chalmers, whose marvellous feats as a caligraphist have previously been men tioned in our columns, has forwarded to us photographic copies of them. As a microscopic- penman he has written 13,622 words on the same space as a post card, four complete articles from "Deeds that Won the Empire," and has written the Lord's Prayer six times within the same space of a threepenny piece. He suggests that the Mayors of Boroughs and Presidents of Shires should take orders for copies at 6d each, and retain 2 a dozen to be distributed to the charities. The address of Mr Chalmers is 89 Queen-street, Melbourne, and his record feat is a pleasant souvenir to keep. The sixth part of ' Glimpses of Australia,' published by Messrs Gordon and Gotch, con tains selected views from the various colonies, representing thriving industries, prominent buildings, and beautiful scenery. Prosser and party, of Alexandra, have finished crushing 5½ tons, which yielded the splendid result of 149oz 10dwt 18gr, or over 27oz to the ton. The Appropriation Bill has been passed through all its stages in the Assembly. A bill to punish fraudulent estate and commission agents, and also one requiring new shires to have a revenue of £1500 a year before being constituted, were also passed through all their stages. The Rev Canon Kelly, of St John's Church. Launceston, has accepted the incumbency of All Saints', Bendigo. The members of the Bendigo police force met on Wednesday for the purpose of arranging a presentation to Superintendent Perry on his retirement from the service. Inspector Murphy presided. After a conversational discussion if was decided that the presentation should take the form of a gold watch and chain and sovereign case. It was also decided to make a presentation to Mrs Perry. The National Debts of the world are growing steadily. In 1875 it was computed that they stood at £4,750,000,000. They are now estimated at £5,800,000,000. France has the doubtful distinction of being the country which has the largest debt. The latest figures put the total at something like £1,200,000,000, nearly double the debt — £660, 000, 000— of Great Britain, which is second on the list. A cyclist named Richardson has ridden from Coolgardie to Port Augusta in 28 days. The actual riding time was only 21 days. News by the steamer Taiyuan from Japan states that the bubonic plague has extended to Formosa. At latest advices 150 cases had been reported there, 37 resulting fatally. The malady first appeared on the castle premises, the most important and healthy quarter of the town, and thence invaded the Chinese street. The outbreak has seriously affected the trade of the place. The largest mail steamer ever despatched to Australia sails from Southampton on November 22\. She is (says the ' Argus' London correspon dent) the Frederick the Great, the huge twin- screw steamer of 10,500 tons belonging to the North German Lloyd Steamship Company, and this is her maiden voyage. The gross profit earned on the Australian section of the company's business last year was £49,370. It is stated that business outward to Australia shows a slight increase. Compliments of the Season.— Mr Prender gast— " I am hurrying through my notes as fast as possible. I am up to K now." Mr Zox — " Let us wish you will soon reach L." (Loud laughter.) A load of hay, drawn by a pair of horses, took fire on Wednesday on the Buninyong- road, and in crossing a bridge the dray took fire, and the flames, catching the woodwork of the bridge, caused its destruction. The Ballarat brigade were summoned to extinguish the con flagration. According to returns issued, the number of elector's rights now in force in Kyneton electorate is 535 as against 620 in the years 1895-6. The figures for Castlemaine are 818 now as against 963 for 1895-6. The President of tbe Legislative Council has issued his ueuar Christmas card. This year it contains a miniature of the . Houses of Parlia- : ment. The following' -is the greeting : — "The , President of the Lejgialntive Council sends you tho heartiest Christmas greeting, with all kind thoughts and good wishes for the coming New I Year." New South Wales won tho intercolonial I cricket match against South Australia try 51 ; runs. A tremendous bush-fire raged on Wednesday ; on Currie's Hill, about three miles from Daylesford. It is feared tbat it will destroy many acres of growing crop on the adjoining agri cultural land. 