TO HENRY LAWSON'S CITY CRITICS. (A writer in a recent Sydney Bulletin calls on our Henry Lawson to ' sing of the present,' wherefore a few lines of protest.) Let the lad sing as he likes to sing— 'tis a way we bushmen love — And we hope the angels sing as well in the starlit realms above. He sings, as we think in the river bends, as we dream 'neath tho starlit sky, While the moooke hoots in the tall erev trum and . the water gurgles nigh ; . . When we tramp with our swags by the parched. Paroo, and curse at our lonely life) It makes our lot seem brighter again when we think of 'The Drover's Wife.' As we follow the dust-browned flock out baok — fat out from the blistering Bland — We ftbinlr again of 'The Great Grey Plain ' and Our ' Girl in Maoriland A bushfire calls up ' Ross's Farm,' and we see the finger of fate In the digger's death 'When tho Sun Went Down,' also ' Isley, His Father's Mate.' Some city slang, or a dingo's howl, or a lost lamb's plaintive bleat Raises the ghost of 'Ally for Short' and the ' Faces in the Street Andwelovoto think as we're loafing round in ihe town with a caroless push That a poet' who's also loafing round knows some thing about the bush. Aid we tell his yarns to the city blokes — they hardly know him there — But we're sorter glad that Our minstel boy belongs to the Open air, - So let him sing as he likes to sing— 'tis a way we bushmen love — . ? And we hope the angels sings as well in the star lit realms above. Wo love his verse and we lovo his prose, and we Jove the bravo old Star That rose at Cambaroora and sot by the worked out bar ; ? We love the ' old dame who ploughs and sows,' and we pray as the bush we roam That Bhe'll live to soj her darlings yet — 'her children all come home.' We tell o'er again his yarns of the range, the way that the bushmen ride, And we knew 'Five Bob' and ' Macquarie's Mate' in 'The Days When the World Was Wide.' Old friends we find in the 'Anderson Firm,' ' Andersan, Peter, and Joe,' And we have all been mighty ' Hard Hit ' over ' Johnson, alias Crow.' We love the man who loves the bush, but we're more than half inclined To think we love him most because his; ' pants were gone behind.', ; ; , , So let him sing as he wants to sing— 'tis a way Australians love — And we'll raise a strike in heaven if he don't get , a harp above. Darling R^ver. ? J. D. 