LAKES' ENTRANCE. (From our Own Correspondent.) December 8th. Tho few hot days of Inst week bnve beou followed by soino fine rains and tho weather now is very pleasant, while the country is looking; splendid, and feed is abundant; iu the bush for cuttle, wliilo bush-fires this season aro unknown tip to tho present. Snakes tiro fairly plentiful, but so fur no ono has boon bitten in this district. Messrs Wyld and Quinn have just finished a splendid eleven passenger coach, to the order of Mr A. Jonson, tlio mail contractor, and have turned it out in a mnnnor which any firm in town would bo proud of; and tho Guninghaiuo cricketers aro going to try its maiilon trip on Saturday next, when thoy will jonrney to Bnirnsdale to play a match with Lake Victoria. Tho tmuzo season is virtually over, and wo aro pleased that our Orbost neighbours huvo had so successful a season, and trust that the noxL one may bo equally so, nud with no reverse from floods it should bo so. As Lako Tyors is almost olosod up nnd soon , will be closed now it is,oxpectcd that tho teams will soon bo on tho road again, as thoro will bo a fair amount of traffic for a conplo of teams lor somo months to come. Thoro is a deal of building going on hero just now. Tho polico quarters and tho two Govornmunt houses on the works side are being rouovatcd and repaired, tho state school will bo going on directly, Mr Harbeok is oularging his promises, Mr Curpuntor is also building extensive additions to tho house next door for Mr Lester's occupation; Mr Wyld is about erecting a fino smithy and wheelwright's shop on tho opposite corner, so that, with tho shire works, thoro will bo a busy siitmner. Some alarm has been folt at tho stato of tho North Ann bridge, ono bay at tho north end has sunk u good bit and it is Jonred that .tho cobra worm has been at work and that tho pile is broken off. Some aotiou will ue required and tho structure looked to officially to prevent any accident or collapse. At a mooting of directors of tho Maflra Beet Sugar Company, Ltd, hold on Saturday, Mr J. Mills, of Powors- court, announced . his intention of putting 100 acres under cultivation for boot sugar, Tho chief inspector of stock nt Brisbane lias received a telegram from Inspector M'Lollan at St. Lawrence, stating that lie has jnst returned from Carmillu Station, where about 1000 cattle havo boon dipped with vory Satisfactory results. The dipping appeared to kill all licks, nnd thoro wore no lossos in pntLiug tho cnttlo . through. 