The Weather. A GREAT HEAT WAVE. FELT THROUGHOUT THE COLONY. COOTAMUNDRA WATER SUPPLY. A SERIOUS OUTLOOK. A great heat wave seems to have passed over the colonies on Saturday and Sun- day from west to east. The heat was severe in the city on Saturday, the highest temperature being 95.2deg in the shade. Sunday was also very hot. The highest reading of the thermometer at the Observatory yesterday was 81.7deg, but a cool breeze tempered the sun's rays. Strange to say, in the western suburbs, particularly along the suburban line, the heat was almost unbearable. At Burwood the temperature was 97deg in the shade, with not a breath of air stirring. It is evident that the abnormal heat which has for the past week had such disastrous effects in West Australia has travelled in an easterly direction over the colonies. The many weather stations in the western part of the colony yesterday reported a "broiling heat," as the undermen- tioned shows. At Balranald yesterday it was 111deg in the shade, at Bourke it was 112deg, Brewarrina 112, Broken Hill 108, Euston 111, Moree 110, Mount Hope 110, Wilcannia 113, and twenty-three other stations reported over 100deg. To-day was a repetition of yesterday's weather, and at 9 o'clock this morning the temperature at the Sydney Observatory was 93.9deg in the shade, and the glass was rising fast. The Saturday reports showed that thunder- storms, bringing rain, had occurred in several districts. Armidale had 85 points, Bingara 40 points, Bundarra 7 points, Glen Innes 62 points, Gunnedah 4 points, Inverell 1 inch 9 points, Port. Macquarie 2 points, Tenterfield 10 points, Uralla 35 points, Walcha 1 inch 5 points. LIVERPOOL, Monday.—The heat yesterday and Saturday was intense, many bushfires being ablaze about the district. At Holdsworthy a very large fire burnt its course through fencing and timber. Feed is again getting scarce, with one or two exceptions. There is no grass about. Cattle are dying, and stock are suffering con- siderably. Quantities of lucerne hay are being imported from Sydney. A large bush fire burnt fiercely at Canley Vale. The heat at Fairfield yesterday was 120deg. in the sun, and 95deg. in the shade. COOTAMUNDRA, Monday. — A water famine threatens the town. The manager of the water works has informed the Mayor that if the dry weather continues the supply cannot possibly last any longer than a week. The last rain of any importance was in August, and the total fall of rain for 1895 was 15in, which is 10in less than the average fall for the past 10 years. CONDOBOLIN, Monday.— Yesterday was the hottest day this season. The thermometer registered 112 degrees in the shade. 