THE HOT WEATHER. BUSH AND GRASS FIRES. AVENEL, SATURDAY.—To-day the heat has been intense again. The thermometer at the local railway station registered 102deg. in the shade. No rain has fallen here for some time, and in consequence of the particularly hot and dry season feed and water for stock are becoming scarce. BALLARAT, SATURDAY.—The weather is very op- pressive. A thunderstorm threatened last night, but it passed over without any rain falling. BENDIGO, SATURDAY.—The weather is still very oppressive, and the thermometer registered 101deg. in the shade to-day. Since last Saturday the weather has been very trying. CAMPERDOWN, SATURDAY.—The damage done by the recent fire on the Terrinallum and Mount Elephant Estates was over-estimated. In the first reports, and it now transpires that only about 5,000 acres on each of them was burnt. The investiga- tions as to the origin of the fire show that it com- menced where a fishing party had camped on the creek the previous night. It is not thought now that the fire was caused wilfully, but by carelessness by the members of the fishing party. The police are making inquiries in reference to the matter. CASTLEMAINE, SATURDAY.—To-day the heat was very oppressive, the thermometer registering 97deg. in the shade in the afternoon. A hot north wind blew all day, and made matters more disagree- able. Sunday.—A bush fire occurred near the reser- voir at Harcourt this week, resulting in the loss of about 60 acres of grass to Mr. Joseph Young, owner of the estate. COBRAM, SATURDAY.—For the last 10 days the weather has been extremely hot. On the 6th the glass registered 112deg. in the shade, and the highest readings for each day of the week have not been under 100deg. in the shade. On Thursday night a thunderstorm succeeded a very violent duststorm; 27 points of rain fell. Grass and water are becoming extremely scarce. HEALESVILLE, SUNDAY.—The most terrific thun- derstorm ever experienced here occurred last Friday evening. At half-past 9 rain began to fall and con- tinued to literally pour down till after 10 o'clock. Nicholson-street, from Church to Green-street, was like a river. The floors of some of the dwellings and shops were submerged to a depth of several inches. Iron roofs that up to this had been quite watertight let in the waters as through a sieve, and much damage resulted. Fortunately the storm was of short duration, and no more rain fell during the night. Yesterday morning it was found that con- siderable damage had been caused. A chimney at the shire-hall and that of another building was blown down. A lot of fencing and several outbuild- ings wera blown down. The large roof over Mr. Holland's timber sheds in Green-street was carried off the buildings and into the street. Trees were blown across the roads in all directions, and in many places the roads torn up and the metal washed away. The two hop gardens in the township—Steel's and Glenfern—suffered very severely, a great number of the poles being blown down. The fruit trees in line of the storm also suffered much damage. The storm appears to have vented its fury right into the township, as little or no rain fell a short distance away. At Coranderrk and south of the Badger River there was none, nor was there any up the Black Spur. It is again fearfully hot to-day. HORSHAM, SUNDAY.—The heat continues intense. The glass in the shade registered on Thursday 109, onf Friday 105, and on Saturday 101. NAGAMBIE, SATURDAY.—The weather continues very hot and oppressive. Today was intensely hot, the glass registering 102 in the shade. A thunder- storm threatened last night but passed over. SASSAFRAS, SATURDAY.—A heavy thunderstorm passed over here last night, the lightning being very vivid. On Sunday last a settler, residing near the Emerald Creek, had his residence destroyed by a bushfire raging in the vicinity. When he left home to attend a service he observed smoke arising at a distance, but thought there was no danger. On re- turning afterwards he found the place burned to the ground, together with all his tools and other things, only saving the clothes he was wearing at the time. Another fire broke out last night at the foot of the ranges, near Lower Ferntree Gully, the flames being plainly visible some miles distant. SUNBURY, SATURDAY.—The continuous spell of dry weather is having a telling effect on the stock in the district. The sheep and horses are having a sorry time of it, and the cattle are in a very low con- dition. WARRACKNABEAL, SATURDAY.—The weather is still hot and sultry, the thermometer standing at 96 in the shade to-day. There was a thunderstorm last night, and rain fell heavily 20 miles north-east towards Birchip, but there was none here. 