Our Smnmaajtof Colonial Hews. J™ *??**-* man Bas been ar rested at Mnrchison (Vic.) on a charge of setting fire to the church of England ceme tery there. If the man is gnilty it is pretty clear that he must be an individual of a too previous disposition. He must have wanted to indecently hurry up matters. There may east a peculiar appropriateness between fire and some of the occupants of that, or any other, cemeteiy, but a per son who attempts to bum the entire population of a cemeteiy. in advance arro gates an omniscience he does not possess, the prisoner lacks patience. The general elections in West Australia wdl prevent that colony taking part in the federal convention if the dates suggested sue adhered to. 3Br. Coghlan -is to resume his duties as Government Statistician. An open verdict has been returned in connection with the recent disastrous fire at JSarrandera^ - . A verdict of accidental death .Was re yesterday respecting the fatality at the Glebe pit, Newcastle, which resulted in the death of a miner named Chas. Blyth. At the coming election of the delegates to the Federal Convention, ten delegates wdl be elected from each colony, and every elector will have ten votes. A man named Alfred Boye, a sailor on hoard the schooner Lucy, has been killed on board the vessel while on the voyage fimm .Maryborough to Bockhampton. On Monday the vessel took the ground jbi the Narrows. The anchors were let go as the schooner got broadside on, fetching the anchors home. Captain Dowell pnt a piece of pine 18ft. long from the bow to the bank in order to take the strain off the cable, and called to everyone to stand clear, Presently the timber snapped, and one end of it struck Boye, who was walk ing forward, on the top of the head, and knocked him down. Be never regained consciousness, and died the same evening. The deceased leaves a widow and seven children in Maryborough. George Adams has made a lot of money out of .the people of New South Wales. Bat he tn&y; bare considered to have repaid some of it by erecting ana equipping what is probably the prettiest little theatre in the southern hemisphere. He gave his architect carte blanche, and the result is very striking. ■ Many people will +b;„y |t rather too finicking and Frenchified, but there can be no doubt abont the genuine ness of theworic that has been pnt into it, both as regard design mid execution. For Weeks, numberless persons have been at work. The drop scene or curtain, for in >, cost a thousand pounds. It con over J000 pieces of satin,'every one them hand-painted, and the gold braid in its construction would measure II writes a Sydney correspondent. Jertain barrister, a Q.C., was offered of the vacant judgeships, but ex ®d that he didn't" wantf it. tol teachers have frequently to wait periods after passing their examina hefore they secure appointments, fly, a vacancy occurred in a little roun<n~otse bucolic settlement, and it was appoiV/6®3 by the authorities that a Miea A'ptfl9 next in order for appointment. 8ontog|jflf was written' to, and the Bdnca Ckwnaq^Pjwfanent received a few days later was to her saying:—*• I have been man atP-ibree years and have a family the matP®2?-therefore I do not require an quarrell now." pelled ljSbr case of alleged attempted poi opinra. the police court all day at The casevM^st Wednesday. The evidence John Effect that Henry Forsyth,yard denly thel^Vspital, some time ago married from Moef^lt the institution. The couple t dit is alleged that he corn Brisbane to take a large dose of have his bd?*wifa refused to give evidence. A dnrnkefSSs adjourned, the AdeUiq^a labouring man, died sud Brisbane,th^£ day in the train arming dbourae. it Owner has been fined at id costs for neglecting to gear inspected, , name unknown, fell off .. Company's wharf at night, and was drowned. A Sydney correspondent 0i sam^r baa been a tolerably larg^-Tpea^ff" ' fruit, especially apric"'® p'^«r I"® ® result is that gro""*3^ "1)0114 tbem. Agents *"% e*^9d" a 0886 50r any more, .<B„- - , . . - - them." Tb'^.U s°PPbed with frmt. It of SydD<^ % tt"> reverse. It is because of inadequate nature of the ar- j the ""1%^ for distribution. The hawkers . j^^oiters who buy the fruit at the mar t^ts*rein a very small way of business «iid can only take a comparatively small juantitv even at low nrices. When snn. I . w» ^pscanse the population plies are a little larger than ordinary' the sntplns simply rots in the cases. This is a thonsand pities both for the growers and the consumers, and shows how woefully deficient- are Sydney folk in public spirit and enterprise. In many cases growers are digging their fruit into the ground to serve as manure. The Bev. Canon Kelly, of St. John's, Launceston, has accepted the incumbency of All Saints, Bendigo. At the' Woliongong Police Court, the other day, a woman named Kate Keller, of Figtree, was charged with disposing of a tea set by lottery, by throwing dice at Is. per member. The police stated that they had brought this case to endeavour to check the practice of raffling,- which is very pre valent in the district. A fine of 10s. was imposed, but .the police magistrate said fu ture offenders would be more severely dealt with. . Jones, the South Australian bowler, is to he retained by the colony. . Perth (W .A.) is tronhled by an influx of criminals from the eastern colonies. The operators at the linotype machines on the Melbourne Herat.p struck on Thursday for higher pay. .The Victorian Parliament has passed the ^Factories Bill with an amendment exempting agricultural industries in the country. While -washing at a creek near Sta weli (Vic.) an elderly woman, named O'Bonrke, was overtaken by a bush-fire and burnt to death. - The Prince of Wales' Hotel at Tamworth has been visited by burglars, who stole about £33, besides a dozen watches and and other articles. M.- Kleiner, a hairdresser at Colac (Vic.), committed suicide the other day by hanging himself. Xtis said that Mr. H. Barnes, of Dyraaba, died worth .£500,000. The Bev. Mother M. Veronica, of the Grafton Convent, has been elected a mem ber of Trinity College, London; which privilege, we (Grip) understand, is only enjoyed by two other ladies in Australia. George Palmer, a farmer of Inverell dis trict, has been treated, with apparent sac cess, with strychnine for the bite of a death adder. The Victorian Parliament was prorogued at live o'clock on Thursday afternoon. - The Coroner has impressed upon the new medicai staff in the Adelaide Hospital that he must be immediately informed of all deaths from accidents. A patient's fnneral had to be postponed a day on account of neglect in this. . The time for the completion of the Nar rabri-Moree railway will expire'on January 19\. The work is being pushed on, bnt the line may not be ready on Hie date given. Heavy rains have again fallen in the Norseman district, W.A., and Lake Cowan now consists of an area of over 50 miles of water, varying in depth from 6in. to 2ft. A sudden death occurred at the Grange, Adelaide, on Tnesday night, the victim be ing Mr. Tom Ware, son of Mrs. Ware, of the Exchange Hotel. He was bathing near the beach, and was seized with a fit in the water. All means of resuscitation were tried without avail. Deceased was with the Australian Eleven in England in 1893\. While journeying with them he as sisted Coningham to rescue a drowning man in the Thames. Considerable inconvenience, loss of time, and expense were occasioned through the visiting police magistrate not being able to attend at Gunnedab the other day. A selector was arrested on a charge of steal ing, and seven -witnesses, including a solicitor from Tamworth; travelled 50 miles to attend. The case was postponed for a fortnight. A man named Collier met with a peculiar accident at Boolcarrol. When be was making a whim over a well the basket broke away and he tried to stop its descent, but the wire rope cutoff some of the fingers on both his hands. He was admitted to the Narrabri Hospital, where the stumps and the fingers had to be amputated. The injury done to a Victorian Judge by' a " coasting" bicyclist wilt probably have the effect of causing Legislative re striction to be placed on the antjcs of those festive youths who delight in frightening inoffensive citizens by their savage on slaughts and mad rushes on wheels, says Truth. Several cases of sunstroke, one of which terminated fatally, occurred at Broken Hill on Thursday. . . Mr.. John Davis has been appointed ge neral manager of the West Australian rail ways. The man Sandall, who was injured in Penrith railway yard some months ago, and lost both his legs, has received a grant of .£350 from the Commissioners. They also donated £25 to thelocal hospital. -The harvesting operations are disclosing exceptionally heavy yields throughout the Mndgee district, the crops ranging to 40 bushels an acre, and giving an average of 15 bushels or over per acre. At the Glebe police court, the other day, Mabel Saunders, aged 16, married, was committed for trial,for utterihg a gilded sixpence intended to represent a half-sovereign, knowing it to be counter feit. Bail was allowed. A little boy named, Leslie Mintrom, of .Coburg, Victoria, fellout of a train as it was travelling ~near- * Moreland, and was terribly injured.' With -i^prd to the prosecntion of two aboriginal^ for.destbofiog'Chrisfcmaa bush .on the Cooper estate,-Mr. J. B. Hill, at torney for Sir Daniel Cooper, stated he de aired that the men should be discharged with a caution. A fine of 10s. each or 21 days' gaol was imposed, and-the fine was paid by some people who sympathised with the blackfellows, who were then released. 