The Tick Trouble. BY TELEGRAM. GEORGETOWN, Tuesday. THE ticks are very bad oil the Normanton road. One carrier was compelled to leave his waggon and yokes on the roadside, and turn the bullocks ont. They were literally covered with ticks, and had not the strength to draw the empty waggon. Ho expects to lose them all. The country is BO parched from drought and bushfires that the curriers are unable to work their teams. The crushing batteries oan neither get the stone oarted, nor firewood to the mills. . There is no sign of rain. The thermometer averages lOOdog. in the shade at present. BBISBAXE, Tuesday. It is understood that satisfactory arrange ments will bo made by the 8took Department with Dr. Hunt, under whioh be will oontlnuo bis expertmenU with the tick disease at Hughe&iSen.; This step is neoesssnr in order to oomplotethe work so far dose by Dr. Hunt. Executive authority for the extension of his engagement will probably be obtained this week. BRISBANE, Friday. Mr. C. P. Gordon, the Chief Inspector of Stook, tells a gloomy tale regarding the stock prospeots in the north. The routes which nave been infested with the tiok trouble are now denuded of grass owing to the drought, and weak cattle are being played sad havoc with. Unless rain soon falls stock travelling in the south-western distriots will have to oease entirely. MB. EVANS, Stock Inspector for Longreach District, reports under date Longreach, 80th October, 1896;-The past month has been hot, dry, and dusty, thermometer ruling dur ing most of the time at maximum, over 100 degs. up to 110 degs. and no rain. Last night there was a good deal of distant light ning to the westward, and during the early hours of this morning the 6ky was consider ably overcast. Pasture is drying up and water becoming scarce on back country. For tunately for Longreach the main waterhole stands very well; it not being very long since the river ran and filled it up. The water from that source is now preferable to more local water. Stock movements, except to trucking yards, are not numerous; in cattle practically nil. I regret having to report a few ticks developed on some cows which arrived here on the 10th inst. from Tower Hill. On arrival they appeared clean, but must have had ticks on them in the small stage, as on the 24th I found several ticks nearly fully developed. The balance of the cows were removed to the Boiling Down on the 26th, and put through the pots. I am in hopes in time to prevent any local develop ment of ticks. 