Northam Roads Board. v'>;_ ' . The .monthly meeting of the Northam Eptjds: Board was held . in .,:Sermoij'& Hotiel on Saturday 5thiusfc. r Present.— The Chairman; "(Mr. Jaines vyUKerson), and ' OieBsrs urencu, Uemp- Bter, Morgan, Robinson,- Morrell. Absent. — Mr. James McMariiis." MlNU.TEskKiV''-'. The Minutes of the last monthly meeting, as well sb the -minutes of tin last Bpecial meeting were; read "and con firmod. v.' Correspondence. ... .The fallowing letters were read viz. — From . The Under Treasurer: askiny to have specimen signatures . of the Meir,- befs t)f this Board forwarded to him at an early date, and iu the event of any changes, beiug made spe.cimeu signature jjfnustbe'forwarded also," jjj " vFroin ;'tbe Department1 of .'Lands an"' Surveys re-removal of Gates"' -from off Roads. . "J From the Secretary for' Education ;pr. the subject of a road running klong th<- Southern . Boundary 6f a block' of land, the ..property of Mr. JphukCoyne ot A/auaaDin, wnicn naving,.. received due consideration it was resolved that the road: now' used along the said Boundary . be ' 'marked-, with dotted . liues on the sketch and returned to the writer in forming him at the same time that the road referred to was surveyed by Mr. Surveyor Stewart in 1892.- ; , i From the Manager ' of' the Water I Trust Miuing and Public " Crushing Company Limited re Riordan's fenco. From the Under Secretary;, Depart ment of Lands - and Surveys'. <re road within Avon Location N. and removal of I 'G»tes from off roads. k,.k'.kk j From the Under Secretary for Lands and Surveys replying, .to ; this, Boards letter; ?:tif the 7th November," "enclosing a tracing, for this Board' to- iririi k thereon the -Road 75 links wide which runs from thp. North West coder -' of section II.':;"albbg the Fast bank -of - Morth ck River to . its South West, corner, where it joins the public road ' iru'hiaing. North and South, and then return . tracing to the office; of the Department .of Lands ana Surveys Perth." Resolved that the Secretary be directed, to send the tracing with letter to Mr. Joseph Dreyer, asking him to do wfhatis required in letter and then return Xth'e tracing to this Board for transmission to the Department of Lands Office Perth. . v Accounts. The following accounts were presented and passed for payment viz. — James By held £2 10s, for-painting- 25 Indicator' Posts at 2s. each. James Watson £1 10s f or grubbing, removing treeB and re- paring Causeway Jennapullin Road. f. Wilkins £6 13s 2d, for 7 days' work . ertctingi Finger Posts at 16sk,per d< supplying 60 bolts at4d. each and 9,lbs. paipt;at 6d. per lb.' Arthur Bali £j '4s Ad, . lor 'formine on Ohitibin Road. T. , -Sinclair ,. £6 10s, for clearing around .bridges and, culverts .as', a' preventive .;of bushfires, on Northam -Guilford . ..road . and On Northam York roud.Reilly.and . lieilly lOs, for printing Miiiutea,v,of Meeting for the' mon th," of.. . October .'18961. J. H. Lloyd £5 lis 3d, being refund of amount overpaid to credit of Boiara; ' .. . . Tenders :y. Tend,ers were , ordered to- be. ; invited the " performance according; to specification of the following work,— To clear and fence 12 chains of N ulgageer- ing "road"' beicg- the deviation, ' near Chidlow's Mount. Messrs WllkerBon or; Morrell ;will „ give full particulars respecting the work to tenderers on application. " . _ ' " To form on Swamp rdad at Burns' B ill 6 chains more or less, and remove . stones from off same. - Particulars may be obtaiued on applicatiou to .Messrs French or Morgan;"-': To grub and clear three miles of ' Qrasr .Tall.ey> M ekering Road- and. three miles of Michigan Road. Full information respecting the work may be obtained '.'on application to Mr. J. Robinson, Grass Valley. General Bixtsniirh. The Secretary ' was directed to write ot ce again, to the- Honorable the Commissioner of Crown Lands request ing the. confirmation by his Excellency 1 he Governor, of the resolution passed by thiB Board on Saturday 7th March last, and which resolution has been published in the " Government Gazette" and " Northam Advertiser " for three month a as required by Hie 57th, section of "The Road Act, 1888." The Secretary wa%- directed to write again to Joseph Thompson stating that it is the desires of this Boaj$ that hb commence his contract for gravelling on the Chitibin Road at once and 'continue tbe 'work till the contract is completed. It was also decided that James Giblett, ; be written to once - again asking, -him. to p. mplete his contract for , well sinking at Jennapullen without further delay'. ; ; The Secretary was further difecfodlto write to the Secretary of the Eastern Districts, Roads Board Conference, r- questing to. be informed for the irifoi- ' (nation of this Board if- the minutes kof that, Conference have" "printed in Book Form as arranged at said Oonr- \- .'feretice. Mr. Morrell wit empowered to employ labor to do oertrtfo work oil North Grass : Valley Ruiltf4y Road. . . ...No' other business having been sub- ,-piitted tiie meiti'ng was dissolved. - 