THE REV. F. C. WILLIAMS* Incumbent of St. Philip's, Auburn. Sketch of His Life. We publish to-day a portrait of tho Rev. Frederick Charles Williams, who, as we an nounced last week, ba3 accepted the cure of St. Philip's, Auburn, with St. Stephen's, Rook wood, iu auccession to tho lato Rev. W. H.. Saundors. Mr. Williams, who has also re ec.-iv'ed tho appoiutacnt of Chaplain, Churoh of Eng-lund Cemetery, Necropolis, will outer upon his duties next month. Ho coa:o3 to tho dis trict with n fiao record of good woik dono elsewhere, and reiders — not only thoao who belong to the Church of England— will bo glad to know something ubout their future follow citizen. Mr. WilliamB wns born in Worcester, Engljnd, in 1S-13, und wub educated at the College Sahool of the Cathedral of that town. In 1802 bo camo to Sydnoy- to Iho late Canon Smith, of St. Barnabas', his uncle, and aoon afterwurda wns appointed toiler in tho Govern ment Money Order Department. Ho retigned this nppoiutmunt in order to entov Hoore Col lege, Liverpool, where, after remaining a short time, ho wns appointed catochist to tho Rov. R. . A. Mayno, Hartley. Returning to Mooro College in 1869 Mr. Williams was ordained Deacon by tho late Bishop Barker, of Sydney. On the formation oE tho Balhiirsl Dioceso in this year he was appointed to the Lachlun, a parish of 250 by 100 miles, extending from Forbes to Booligal. Mr. Williams was tbo only Protestant minister in this great district— as. largo as somo x-ngusn oiocesas — ana was re ceived by all denominations aa their pastor, He held services in tents and huts, in schools and io houses, both public and privato, in wool shadB and in tho open air. At quartesrly inter vals bo undertook journeys involving riding nbout 700 mi'.fs, travollintr sometimes 40 miles through bush-fire, and at other times boating, canoeing, awimming ur riding through tho rivor or creoks. In 1871 ho wib ordained priest by Dr. MirsJen, Iho first Bishop of Bathurst. In 1872 Mr. Williams married E'iza, daughter of Mr. A. E. Dare, of Pnrra matta- so well and familiarly known in this district— and two years afterwards, fiuding the v.ork of tho Lachlan too severe, ho accepted tho pari-h of Georno's Plaina and Iiockley, with the aeoreturyBhip of the Ohuroh Society, tho DioceBan Council, tho Synod and Church Lands. Whilo at Goorgo'a Pliius a protty parsonngo wnB built, and in duo time paid for. ?In 1876 twelve montho' leavo of nbeonco was obUined, nnd a trip was taken with Mrs. Wil liime to tho old country, where ho proached and lectured in England and Ireland for tho Coloui.il and Continental Ohuroh Socioty. Fivo yenra sftor hia roturu from England, on tho death of his wifo, Mr. Williams loft tho Bith urst Diocese, rocoiving on his departure very gratifying oxpreEsions of regrot from the Synod, which was then in Besaion. Ho now tooh ohargo of St. Leonard's, Tasmania, for nn old olericil friend, whilo ho visited England. While thoro tho parish of Mittagong was ao oepted, as successor of Iho late Rev. Stanley Horwurd. In 1883 Mr. Williams married Mnry Constance, daurrhtor nf thn Hon. P L.O. Shnn herd, by whom theio aro four children. During this pastoruto, which hns been a long und heippy one, ucommodiouBpnrsonnge, churoh porch and vestry, havo been erected, the schoolroom has boen enlarged, and a school church bna been built at Colo Vnlo, all of which havo b; on paid for. In many respects Mr. Williams feols regret in leaviugTilittngong, owing to— heeides the happy relations subsisting between himself nnd hia congregation — tho splendid climato, beautiful sconery, und its great possibilities in tho nonr futuro. It is hoped thnt tho lifo ut Rcokwood nud Auburn may provo ns Inippy us at the last parish. It must bo gratifying lo tho now incumbent of Auburn lo find such sincoro rogrot folt nt his leaviDg Mittngong. Tbo 'Beirimu District Leader ' thus refers to hia departure : — ' It is with deep regret wo havo loannounco the early eleparluro from our midst of tho Rev. F. C. Williams. During Mr. Williams' sojourn in Mi itagong holms over been known for his sympathy nnd rouely nid lo all in distress, nnd raniiy can teslify to i-piri!ual benefits derived from his earnest wcrds. As a preacher ho is not what mny be formed eloquent, yet ho ever proclaimed iho Tiulh as it is in Jesus, and laboured zealously for Iho Muster, tho result of which will bo made known iu ' that day when He cometh to make up His jewels.' Mr. Williams always took a great interest in oui public institutions, buing on tho committeo of theScbeolof Arts, nud nlao connected wilh other public sociolios.' 