I?Atil News, A quantity of interesting reading nmatter sill be found on our fourth page to-day, amiongst it being thie report of a recent meeting re the HIedi railway, iti article on "Selectors' oents," and Various other iteims iMrs. e-lly, relict of the late John Kelly, of Benalla West, and Widow of a previous husband, became joined in wedlock on Wednesday last to Mr. Dougharty, one of the oldest residents of Benalla township. The happy bridegroom-a most estimable and God-fearing man -is said to be 65 years old, and the very happy bride is about the same age. In order. to show their esteem for them -for age is honorable-all the young men and women of the locality ho nored them with an open-air "tin kettling" the evening of the day oni which they were married, and they were treated most royally. ?d r. Doughai ty is the fatlher of aliare fiilly, but his newly-weldedl wife has none. W' heartily rish the pair sue cess-their honeymoon is being spont in Benalla West, and their union is the admiration of all good citizens everylbdy, anyhow, interetedl in ilho progress of Christianity and the ad vancenent, of. the Turner Obt't'l Iimenlt;, !; Hatcest tliaukgiving servicesd Will b ield ini. Holy; T':itity ChlitrchfOn Stiuiidalynexi; 4s M Mr Jno.:Winter, TLake lowan, sued lMrF.P Hopkins last iweekl ii the Yarra i ongi'fPolici Cortilt foir'eiocovler of ,£49 19sl incurredby detoention of Cd corttin~iwtrggon, but t.hd'litso was dis missed, thli?-enodi -pointiung outethat defendant should have been, proceeded againsi for "use or hire" of the vehicle. The North-eastern College re-opened on Tuesday last; after tih Clhristmas recess. As is well-known, the iisti .tution is under the nmatugenient of .the new principal, theRoev: J. C. Coutie, B. A., who has associated with hint his brothelr-- r Baurton MI. Coutie, OC:I. a distinguished niatheutatical student of Melbourne-'University. Great im provements have ben nltude uponi the premises: The school-roomn has been roofed withl iron and the walls rento voted and decorated. Much llhas been done to give the school a bright and, cheerful. aplpearailce: A·n impportatut feature is about to be added, in the establisumeni'of a juntior department. nutnder the cafre of a governess illn overy way well quialified for the work. Th1I charge for this will be a, guinea t quarter, and ttho hours of study vill mo. adapted to ,the ageI of the children. There is no. reason why. tithe -orth eastern College should not Ito a valu able addition to the towlti and district. We wish thel "lle. Mr, Coutie every. success in his elitoerprise. SOn.1Thursday evening, Janl. :0, the antnutl parish imeeting was held in coll nection with Holy Trinity Churchi. The heon1. treasurer, MIr Ltisignan, pre sented his financial statement, which, .was unaimnously adopted. It showed that when the books were closed on Dec. 1i there was it small de licit of sixteen shillings. The elec tion of office-bearers wits proceeded with, and resulted as follows:-Par isliotnrs' wardens,. Messrs Kurtztinan, and J. leilly; piarishioners' vestrymen, Messrs Baker, Bradley, .Clhandler, Keane, F. T. Mloore, and ]tushall. The, lerv. . Allen nominated lrh Lusignant as incunbelnt's church war den, and Dr Hoenry and Air Wrang halin atts ineumbent's . vestrymen. Messrs John Clarke and Jas. Knox were elected auditors; and M2essrs Baker, Chandler and WVrangham were re-eltctedl p1 o:l i d nomitnators. Votes of thanks were passed to the church wardens and vestrymen and various church workers for their valuable and willing services duriing the past year, and the me.tinlg then closed. Tmmnc diately afterwards a mneeting of the new vestry was held, at which the hen. treasurere , Mr. Lusignan, and the hon. secretary, Mtr F. T Moore, were ,e-elected, and the. collectors of the former year undertook to continue their duties as heretofore. A copy of the AUSTRALIAN JounulAt, for February is to landt. As usual it is full of interesting stories and is ob tainable locally. The larceny of £100 is reported front the Balnkc of 'Victoria, Ruther glen. It appears 'that, Mr D. II. Brown, manager of the Prentice Free hold mine,' alled itt tihe bank indicated on the 29"Dl ult. iand drew £875 there from in. order to pay the, miners' twages, putting:the ntoney in a bag and handing it to the teller of the hank J. Landigan-to mind for him whilole l went out to transact some business in the township. On his re turn in a quarter of Lan hour lie-was handed back the bag by Laudigan. Mlr Browit then wsent direct to the mine and proceeded to paity the men their fortnightly wages, when lie found that extactly £100 of'tlihe money was missing. The 'police tiare inquiring into thle umatter. A correspondenut writes:-At a nmeeting helt at the [Moorngag hall on Saturday evening last it .was decided to 10old the Samaria Annual Picnic should on .Wednesday, the.o .4th March. A str'ong committee iwas formed and, what with. iutprovenments to the ground itnd hall, ino stone is to be left unturned to make this popular gathering more popular tlian ever. 'lt-r M. S. Clarke, the local registrar, taxed the costs in two local Counity Court cases oti Monday last. In the case of Maher v. laher, all action for damages for slander, which was to have come before next sitting of thi Benalla County Court, but which has been settled outt of court, the costs were taxed at ££2 8s Gd. In the case of Ketnnedy v. Kennedy, which was adjourned from last court on payment of the costs of the adjournment, the costs were taxed at £12 15s in favor of defenidant. Mir F. T.. Browtn, who appeared for plaintifll, lias givern notice of intention to have the taxation re viewed. ' . A valuation appeal case was before. M'r Dobbii,' P.M., at the Benalln Court of Patty SessionHs 61i-Tutesday' last, Mrs Annio Mi'Guinness, licensee of the Loch Erne lHotel, beiing thle appellant, and tlhe President, etc., of the Sldiro of Benalla, defendants. On'the ciase be ing called, IhoweOver, 7r IBrown, on bo Ihalf of the pimpellant, applied to witlh draw the appeail, without costs, on the ground of tlheo illtess of his client, Wltho was tihus uIIable to attetnd court. Tlio legal representative df the shire coun cil objected to tihe witlhdrawal unleoss the usual termsn were complied witlh; lie Ihatd expet evitldence' Ircesnti in court, indepeidenat of tlhe' . toes titony of thle shlire valuers andt secretary, and tlheir costs, as well is.the legal fees, sihould certainly be ipaid; hIe would lhave no objection to a witlthdrawal if the costs of the day were paidt. It ewas eventually tgrteed, on the suiggestion of the P.M., that the easeoC sIould e adjoiurnedl till tlhat tday- fortnight, ait whichl timne thle snat ter of costs could le gone ihto. Mir W. E. (-sorg-g, who is well-known in lienallu throtugh his conneetiott is •superittendent iitlh HIoly Triinity Cluirhl Sundlay School, andl also with Mrl Say, clohemist, of Nunn-strodt, has successfully paitsedtl the sutrgical andtl omeelhanlical dentistry oexamimr(tioti of. lile-Dteltal lioardc.nte Vietoria., . The usual iemotl1ly. nmeeting of tlhe Benalia Shire Coi}li wlll:lio heldhih:i Thlurday ' esxt.. numiber of works, for whichl tenders are iicturnable on -that:daypnaro.idyiortised in tlhis' hcay's issue of the.Essio ..-- " Ea vard .Itpcas, for. sooe.. time a village settler at. Kilfoera, but -now, the lesseep of block of land at Miyrhee, patssecd througli ant iunpleasant - experi etce _onli Sailtui ty-C nstable Kane arrested limn in Bennalla, by virtue o f'i;sairant 4'd?a f chir?go of having vosuedaiL.alueless chequeo Tihe facts' of tho 'case'ihroe'briylly' to the efect thllat tho': dicciici?l'ss'j1ia t . hittern on, the 14thl January on business, a mato ofIhis being with hlinm. Whilst tlihereo lie took more liquor than, was good for hiii, although ihe is' knowni to le a some What teniperate itan, aind as a result became drunk.' In that condition. lie is said'to `iveo started;gaimbling. GCtting inth debt in this connectionl h rdi\es alclieq?li for £3 odd os- the SNational Bank, Be]3nalla, at which in stitutioil he is known, and passed it to Mir Christian Pearson, a publican. After ' ccnsed's .,. arrest l he was broughlit before ? Bdiuilla jiistice of .the peace and. reimanded to Chiltern, bail being allowed. Later on he :was releassed fro'fm.custody oniithe recognis iuccs of himself (£50) and of Mr David Field, who acted as surety for him for Another £o50i His offence fromn the flirt wasniot seriously regarded, -since the accised wis known to not a t few peopl,. in Benalic as being a haIrd-work ing, hlonest man and since also tile poirson to whomu lhe gave the cheque which caused all tice trouble offered to 'settle the aiffir oni being recouped his: loss. Accused was broughlt uI, before tile Chliltern Police Court on 1Wcdnes dclay and received ia sentence of. a mlontlls' imlprisonment. Mr l1. J. Delnney, rabbit inspector for this portion of tihe colony, writes ac loter-.t hi tus from Yea in which lie says:-mWill you kindly state in next issue of your paper that you have been requested by the rabbit inspector to notify tlpictho does not intend at pro sent to serve the ordinary notices to destroy rabbits, and that tall who fail to take action on the date proclaimed for simultaneous action will be pro secuted I lMessrs A. A. Piggin and Co., auc tionceers, annlounce inl another columnli ca special sale of horses to be held at Corowsc on the 18tlh inst. The local hland officer, Mir E. T. Broennan, has informed the Blenalla ShireoCouncil tlhat unless the survey fee in'connection s ith its application for ia gravel reserve of 12 acres on allotment 100,: Tamitiick, be paid forthwith. the said appliciation will be considered abandon'ed And It. lease for the full area contained in the block issued to MIr J. P. J. lrien, who has imade applicatiosn therefor. The Shire Council is in receipt of a comiuunication frmn Supt. Thomas, niotifymg the resignation of Mounted Constable Shannon as inspector of slaughter - yards and is nominating Mounted Constable Peel as his suc cessor. Onc Tuesday 'next Messrs Green, Manning and Co:, auctioners, will sell, at Devenish, the Commercial Hotel, there, together with the land on which it is built and the furniture and effects of the hotel business. Particu iars are advertised elsewhere. A strike of "truckers" took place at the No 2 miine, Chiltern Valley, 'on Tuesday, and for a while an exhibitlon of rowdyism was imminent. Supt. Thomas was wired to for police pro tection and immediately he drafted a number of constables from various parts of the North eastern district, whose opportune appearance on the scene prevented anything in the shape of a riot taking place. The Wangaratta people are leaving no stone unturned in connection - with their agitation for anarrow gauge line to IIedi. The borough council is tak ing the matter up, and as It result of its action in the cause it has receivedl a promise fromi the Premier that the liise will shortly be submitted to the Railways Standing Coulniittee for cocn sideration. The local raisway league is now making itself busy collecting ovi deuce to place before tihe committee. Mr John H. Ryan; youngest son of tihe late Mr Ryani, J.P., of Goomsalibee Station, died a few days aigo in the [Melbourne hospital front injuries acci dentally received through falling down stairs in a metropolitan hotel. At the Benalla Police Court yester day, before iMr J. Reilly, J.P., David Jones was charged with drunkenness. It being his first offence, hs was cau tioned and discharged. Mr Ger.. IIartrick, till lately a County Court bailiff at Bonalla, ihas joined the detective forco icn' WesteTi Australia:wlhic·o hie s.4ttled with his wife and filmily some months ago:. Accounts for the following persons await payment at tihe sub-Treasury, lenalln :--i31. J, . Viincent, L. Doyle, T. Nixon, T. Wranglham, A:.Mguire, P. Day, C. K. Wict, J; Tanner, G. lMIntosll, Porlnswan, WVrighlt and Co. (per P. WV. Coundon), G. Seawark, V.. I-caneoy, oBenalla Waterworks Trust, T. Royno'ds. The.monthlly omeeting of the direo tors of tihe Bonalla Dairy andt Farm Produce Company Limited will be lheld on Wednesday next. Owing, we suppose, to the prevalence of dry wveathler, tihe milk supply at the local factory has undergone a great decrease. during tIhe past month, the extent thereof beiing from 10 to 15 per cent. weekly. It is noticeable, too, tlhat, though less milk is being received, the tests do not shows any proportion ate incrcase in butter-fahit, as is tile case icl othics districts. Tie rnevccmo received by M[r Veiteh, local receipt anl pay-master, at the IRenalha sub-Trcasury for tlhe mionth of Janunary, was £1001 1os il, macde up as follows :--Territorial, £1000 3s 311; licenses anid othisr sources, £8905 b38 3d. The I plicey paid olit during serm periodr arcslummted to n£.13 l9O?. Oiir Thoona. correspondent wri;' A meeting of the Thloona 1lil; and Athletio Sports: comlnittee held in.thie r,,tRHall, on. Satua la6st Theire' was a full attendiance i J:I Martliji es;idiin .An attract progralmme was drawn out, as follow \---ThoonaHandicap;'130yds,, 3. -3 pegging,' £2;.,hlaiden, Plate, for's patitors; residingAvithin, 17 milesd Thoona, 100yds, £1d 10 ; lemon ?u ting, £2 ;..egg and.spoon race, 5lOyd 17s'ad; iVictorian Cross race, £2 pe jumpers (jumps to start at 3ft £3.; ,wrestling on horseback, £2:; b (rae (uider 16),:1st prize 5s, second Gd,; girls'. race (under 12), 55 and Gd ; fugitive race, £2 ; wheeoltarroi race; 50yds, 10s ;boys' race (wider 12r ,s and 2s Gd 'The ontrance fees for al events (wciithtl?e exception of the boy aind girls' races;: wliicltare free of en try) were fixed at"10 per cent. of the prize money. ' It w\cill be' noticed that the prizes in all cases are' larger than was the case last year, and also that all the events are, open (Maiden Plate excepted). By this means it is hoped to secure a goodly' number of entriec for 'tacel of the events, and thus give those of tim public who halve been generous enough.to respond to the call for subsciriptions. i 'good day's amuse ment. ANA. II Rtherglen-Gala mcd And Union to ii :draviwn January 27th, '1896 . Ticketi, 1s each, at VicTon StY's, Chemist, Noevs-rigent and Seeds. nian, Nunnrstreet, Benallan.-fAnvr] ` One of' the largest. bush-fires chich. mhav occurred in this district for some. years past raged during Friday, Satur day and Sunday in the parish of Moorn. gag. It stuabitle ?e?ar the Lima Sta. tion hlomestead on the rightl-hand sids of the Brokern River. After.dovastat ing the river paddocks of the station it spreaid . towarlds; Castle Hill, the whole of -'hich soon,. became ignited, despite the: efforts of an armty of willing workers who labored ilde fatigably in' order to stay its progress, their exertions beincg somewhat nulli fled by a strong windiwiich prevailed at the tifiie" Thii fi' w?;as, howerer, overcome on Friday evening, lnt it broke out again next day with renewed vigor, this time travelling, owing to a change of wind, in an easterly direc tion . After another day's hard work the flames were beaten out near the Mount Pleasant Hotel, on the Samaria. road, having during their career totally destroyed the Castle Hill Creek bridge.. Sonime of the country over-run by the lire was good grazing land, especially that of Mr Simpson, who lost 300' acres of grass. Tihe principal sufferers were :-Lima Station, 1000 acres; Messrs Connolly, 400 ; ]M'Donald,300; Simpson, 300; Cain, 250; Knight,. 400; and Dennis, 150. ANTIPER1ENMTISE. What is iti [Advt.) In preserving fruits, &c.;, save labor,. time and sugar by using AXTIFERamEx TSiE. To be had of J. W. HILt, storekeeper, Carrier-street Benalla. [Advt.] 