THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUB RIGHTS AND OCR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, WEDNESDAY, DEC. 30, 1SSG. BUSH FIRES. THE season of bush fires has commenced. This was to be expected, considering the -long-term of dry-weather just passed, cul minating in heat so intense as to range for about a' week in various portions of Vic toria from 100 to 115 degrees in the shade. .Under-such a'scorching temperature vegeta tion quickly withered and dried to most in flammable tinder. ' No wonder that from all parts . of the country come tales of heavy destruction by bush fires of grass, fences, orchards, dwellings and other property. In the Oxford district, 18 miles from Port Fairy, serious loss has been sustained by many settlers last week from a ilro which is stated to have commenced in an old log fence in the vicinity. A strong wind prevailed at the time, and the {lames were carried across roads and through pad docks, destroying hundreds of acres of grass and miles of fencing, besides burning milk ing sheds, stables, fowlhouses and .-out-, buildings. Several dwellings also caught fire, but. by great exertions on the part of owners and helpers, were saved from destruction. This fire is considered to have been the most extensive that has occurred in the district for some years, and but for a fortunate i change of wind the .whole country sido would have been in a blaze. At Camper down about the same time a fire destroyed some thousands of acres of grass, and a family named Delga had their home and its contents completely destroyed, while a fire lit by a man to boil a billy for some wood cutters working in one of the Wiridgil pad docks "got away," consuming in its course 500 acres of grass, and nearly readied the residence of Mr. E. Manifold before- it was beaten out by a large body of men who were quickly on the scene. Fires were raging at Mirboo.North, and burned up 500 acres of grass and three - miles of fencing. . All around Apollo Bay the night was lit up by bush fires, and half a dozen of the settlers have suffered loss to the extent of several hundreds of pounds. In the Avenel district the iire fiend has destroyed a great area of grass and several truck loads of ready cut firewood. In the country around Dartmore, great loss has been sus tained in grass, sheds and fencing. The fire also seized an eight ton oaten hay stack just harvested, while only by great exertions were . several churches, a .polica -station and dwellings saved from destruc tion. In this case the origin of the fire ' is unknown. In the Gembroke neighborhood several fires broke out simultaneously on Sunday, and Monday in various parts of the district, and scores of miles of bush under growth, besides a great length of fencing, were burned. These fires could not have arisen from spontaneous combustion, yet it is difficult to account for them. They were spread by the fire reaching the dry tops of the rung trees, from which sparks were carried a long distance by the wind. Some of the sparks fell upon a range of bark sheds covering several tons of- -hay, which was only saved by half a dozen young men with buckets of water and . pannikins quenching the sparks with water. For a week past bush fires have, been . causing great destruction in the . Cobden district to trees, grass and fencing, 'while outhouses' and harness were consumed . and .damage done to an orchard. At Glenrowan bush fires were c uricil over miles of country. Many graziers lost grass and fences, and Mr. Acock had an orchard, containing 400 fruit trees, nearly ruined. It is surmised that this fire had its origin at a camp of pic nickers. Mr. Roulston, at Branxholme, is also a sufferer from fires to the extent of some 300 acres of grass and a num ber of fences. In our own dis trict considerable destruction has been caused by a bush fire at Ravenswood. " "Tlirtfc such firc-s have been so widespread nMjde(Viisjt«iting in -the early part of summer is a 'foreboding of .worse to come. It points tb the. absolute necessity on the part.of settlers-.of taking immediate steps for the protection'of their property and lives from tire- The danger surrounds them on every side. > They: arc at-the mercy of every swag]/) ;m-who tran;j>s tlie countrj" whenever he camps-and lights a -fire, -and of pienie parties, shooting-parties And woodcutters who also boil the billy in unsafe places, or carelessly leave their fires unextinguished. Danger also lies in the': turning wad from a' gun,'.or from the common practice of throw ing down the lit match after the pipe is sot . agoing, This .indeed is. a matter about .which. even -fai'jn - hands 1 are ? iiot: too careful. There is much danger from' the thoughtless-: ness of boys-- .out shooting with guns in £heir hands, and cigarettes or pipes in their, mouth's,, ana it i.sa question- whether, during the summer months they should not be prohibited l)y law from carrying such means of destruction about with them.. 'Iti may.-be . that bottles- thrown'- away on" the road or in the bu^h with .the sun shining on" thenr- will-^cb-as-a-~burning--glassrand-set fire to the grass., Sparks from rail\yay,engines are also a great source of danger.- - F-rom all. these-and Other" causes.bush.fires niayc arfee, bringing utter ruin to the settler; " In his own interests,' find for the: sake of his yife and children, lie, should- .leave nothing undone to protect-his property.' Post'and wito fences are least liable to damage by fir&, and. should at. the earliest moment talje the place of brush and old log fences. Fire breaks by burning off the grass on calm daj-3'albng boundary lines or by ploughing should be formed, '.to save the food for the cattle.' Work, of this kind might well be ! untlertiiken by "associations of farmers." The home, staples, dairy, granary, out-buildings nn(l shed's cfoyerihg farming, machinery ' and implements should be carefully protected by thd removal for a safe distance from them of ( grass, bracken or other material likely to Jcarry . fire .to them. .If fir ..is,: it less essential. - to preserve the harvest- stacks. Whenever practicable, they should be kept at ji safe 'distance, from "each other 'arid' so;' sitjuited that in case one' takes fire prevail ing winds will not carry sparks to. the others. .PreparationShould also be-rnadeior -emer gen'cies by haying water and buckets and fir^beaters . - or grubbers always handy. Even with, every care fires may occur, but when-proper precautions are taken-a-load of Janxiety can he removed,,, and the .settler and his family can rest in peace and security thAt otherwise could not be assured. - - THE " Bendiooniax."-A feature of to morrow's . Bendigonian \fill be some'^jjleiidid! photographs taken at the Bendigo Athletic Club's sports, in the Show Grounds' on:'Boxin" Day. , ° Tiib FEDERAL CONVENTION.-Telegraphing | last night, our Melbourne correspondent* says: -In view of the proposal of the premier of ! West Australia that the Federal Conventipn be delayed, the Premier of Victoria to-day tele ; graphed to Sir John Forrest in the following terms:-" Unless the convention meets andcom pletes its work before the meeting of the various Parliaments the matter will have to remain in abeyance for 12 months, which mean3 shelving it altogether. It . would be impossible to have the elections at the end of the year,-as.all the Parliaments are then busy. I consider1 it will be Veil to have the., meeting of the convention; earlier than you suggest, as. the work-should be finished before the Easter holidays. You must also not forget thafr-the draft-constitution-has; to be submitted to -the respective, -Parliaments within 120 days. Wo proclaim our Act in force from 4th January." - ... CoxGHATpiATORT.-The chairman of. the city bench, Mr. R. B. Anderson, J.P., yesterday congratulated Inspector Murphy on his promo tion to the rank cf inspector, and remarked that the promotion was thoroughly well deserved. He.was only voicing the opinions of his fellow magistrates when he said so, and wished In spector Murphy a Happy New Year. Mr. J. B. Roberta, on behalf.of.the bar, also offered.his; congratulations to Inspector Murphy, v,-ho, he said, was regarded by the,profession with much, respect. The beat of relations had: always,, existed between the bar and the ^inspector. Mr. Murphy suitably acknowledged the com1 pliment, and said he had alYvays endeavored to give satisfaction to the bench. He, was very gratified to learn from Mr.--Anderson that he had done so. He felt' flattered, too, by the remarks of his friend Mr.. Roberts, and expressed a hope that Ithe pleiisant relations at present | existing between the bar, and himself would long continue. .......v. : THEWEATIIER.-Yesterday the weather was delightfully fine and cool, and was greatly'ap preciated after the very hot days that preceded it. The readings at Mr.'J. B. Edwards', jeweller,' were--Thermometer,._0_a.m,, .66°; 12 .noon,.' 65°; 3 p.m.,.75°; C p.m., 72'; maximum, 77°; minimum,- . 61-.- --vBarometer-9 -a-.m-.-,- -29.-64-:. 3 p.m., 29-60°; 6p.m.j 29*54. I'ni' MITCHELL-STREET Finn.-.Mr.. A. Mul der f^uests"us;to"sfate'triat "he~wa3 "tlifiVflrst" one-to give intimation to the brigades of the:, outbreak of the .fire .on Monday morning. As ! soon as he was aroused from his .slumbers, he ?hurried out by the back door and ran up to the Temperance Brigade's depot and gave the alarm, which was sent on to the watchman in the tire tower, who then rang the bell. ACCIDENT TO.. ME. Heisb.-A serious ace;-: dent occurred on Sunday night to Mr. Heine, the,caretaker-of Lake AVeeroona. .-Noticing .a Chinaman, sweeping the surface dirt on. a, por tion of the lake reserve, Mi-. Heine went .to wards him to ascertain his name,with a view to. prosecuting .him.. The_ Chinaman, however, seeing that he was detected, made oil asliard" as he could go iii the direction of the creek.. Mr. Heine followed in hot-pursuit, and in the darkness could not see how dangerously close he was.to-thjs!embankment.. His foot^canieUn contact. with a tuft of grass and he slipped,and fell into the creek. His cries attracted the. attention of:.some of the gasworks employes, who earned, him to his residence, where medical assistance was obtained and it was discovered that he had sustained an injury to his shoulder, a fracture of three ribs arrd"=evere shock to; he system, which at his advanced age cannot be regarded in other -than a -serious light. -His numerous friends will be pleased to learn, how ever, that yesterday the pitient showed signs of improvement. - . ° RAILWAY AP.raxive.iiexts. -The Railway de partment elsewhere announcer, that extra trains will be run from Bendigo to Melbourne as re quired until 5th January. On 31st inst., and also on 1st and "2nd January, an extra train will leave Bendigo for Korong Yale at 5.10 p.m. PETTY 0:-tkncbs.-Garden robberies, stone throwing, petty larcenies and other mischievous pranks have been veiy'prevalent in tiie Golden square .district for'some time past. . Constable Walsh, who has succeeded in obtaimn;: the names of a number of the offenders, intends to have the youthful delinquents brought up at the Police Court after the New Year holidays are over to give an explanation of their con duct. ? . - THE Cinkmatockawi.-Yesterrtav the ex hibition of Edison's wonderful invention, the cinematograph, at the Temperance Hall, was well patronised both during the afternoon session, between 2.30'p.m. and 3.30 p.m., and again between 7.30 p.m. and 8.30 p.m. The exhibition will be open to-day as'usual. SNAKES.-Snakes'appear to be very prevalent in certain localities"this'season', and"sportsmen have to be very careful. Sir. J. A. Da Ravin and party had a lively experience in this direc tion about a week ago at Gunbower Island, when between 7 and S o'clock in the morning the party (four in all), who went out duck shooting, shot no fewer than 35 tiger snakes. As may be imagined, they then turned their attention to a locality less snake-infested. BEN-MOO HOSMTAI..-Messrs. H. M. Marks, . Hunter and Thus. II. Henderson attended yesterday afternoon and passed 13 patients for out-door treatment. The resident surgeon (Dr. W. J. Long) reported that during" the past- week one patient had died, 33 had=been discharged cured, and 27 fresh cases had been admitted. The- storeroom was-visited and the quality cf the food inspected. The patients were interviewed, tho wards, dispensary and offices ? were examined, and 'everything'waa found to be in satisfactory order., ... THE Silk T.n-di-STKT.-Tho Minister of Public Instruction, at the instance-of the Sericulture Association, has agreed to have a sheet printed giving directions for the hatching "and rearing of silkworms, the 1 treatment of cocoons, spin° . ning of the silk, and planting of the mulberry tree. The sheets (says the i rgv-t) will be'hung on the walls of the State schools, and there vrill be several drawings to enable the pupib to better -understand the instructions. It is thought that if the children of the colony can be induced to devote attention to sericulture they will not only find it a light .and pleasant occupation, but-will be able to earn a little from the sale of the silk. , " FOREIGN " CAPITAI..-During November £74,000 were sent out of Western Australia (says the We*t-rn .Vail) in money orders, the amount being made up as follows To London. L'S.000: South Australia, i'l 1.000; Victoria^ £36.000: Xew South Wales, £15 000 ; Queens land, £2,000; Tasmania, £2.000 . toM £74,000. ' ' ' " THIS WORK' Gnu,."-The popularity, of the Hollow-ays in -Bcndigo is proverbial, "and the production of ""The Work Girl," which has occupied the stage at. the Royal Princess' Theatre during the week, has added another mark to the long list of successes thev have' scored in this city. Last night the theatre v.-as again well filled, and the frequent, hearty ap plause bestowed upon the performers showed conclusively that the initial piece selected by, the management (Messrs. Holloway and-Aiideiv' sou) has " caught on" immensely with local theatregoers. And it is no. wonder that ' it; is _ so, for the actings throughout is of a high-class ; order, and the j-r.piece.f""isi staged most elaborately, the, scenery ",'and' effects being new and .complete in c.veryd.etail. .Tlje fact that last. night's- performance was the third time the piece has been Lproduced durin" : thp .present season,-and that .the interest, diat, .played by .the audience from the :rise to tiio fall of it he.:curtain was as keen, as: on the. opening night, is indubitable proof of the popularity of thfe company and of Messrs. Conquest and Shir ley's latest play. The cast was" tHesame as on the previous nights, and-" the performance was . gope through without tlie slightest hitch, the principals having to appear before, the curtaip in'response,, to" demonstrative" applause at itlie close of the third act, in which . there is a re markably quick transition in'the scenery, from ..th£ sewing rooms to a wedding, in connection w if h which a brougham arid pair of grey horses _ai;6 driven on to the stage. 'f.Tlie Work Girl" will be repeated to-night and to- morrow ni^ht. OrfAew Year's night " .£1,000 Reward" will be .produced for the first time in Australia." '; ' ?? PraoTKCHXio DISPLAY AT THE LAKE.-This 1*^9 ^eei-oona, under ;tlie- auspices off he Sandhurst Rowing Glut),;,will," be.'fie^I a gij&nd; pyrotechnic display and. promenade cbn cev; lake, and^grounds will be illuminated throughout with -hundreds of Chinese lanterns, colored fires and;faii-y.. lainpB of .every.variety. "Ji -ofct's ^nd will march from the-Fountain at|7.45 p.m., and during the evening will ren r . delectable selections from a -band' stand erected in , the water and decorated for the occasion. The programme (v;de advertisement)' is an exceptional one, and will be commenced a\P witli a grand procession of - boats, .wtych,. slowly., encircling, .the .lake, : will. \- discharge uppn. .the .water.: an "innuraer-.' able, variety. of pyrotechnic effects.' Mr L liyianus, with the aid of Edison's electric linjelight, will show some exceedingly fine views from all parts of the world. Amongst Professor M-jA- eill's fireworks display are a huge Revolvin" bull measuring 12 feet across", the Great Sa .?-oil' Crjjss, emitting all the colors of the rainbow arid a particularly, large.representation of the -]i" ' ' ing Star..; -while the Forest' .of iWy Pa whistling rockets, fiery . pigeons, bombs : shells and the.numberless^vices of the , tedhnist's art will, considering the ad van! of Jand and -water, make this a most ceijt display. Cabs will run to and = fro at mqderate, rates. Family tickets to admit three . arij being issued for 2s 6d" and can be obtained at jRoeder's, tobacconist,.and T. j. Anderson,' Ecglehawk. A-po-ive.. of watchmen. had'b'»en engged, and the&ices; surmguntca^itl^arbed . $?. Axdsew's . CoiiEOK-l-the pupils of this institution .were more than usually successful at, the recent matriculation examination, llprty candidates entered from schools in Ben digo and. the surrounding districts. .Of these 12 .succeeded in passing. Seven of these were pupils rOf jSt, Andrew's College, which only' sent up ieidht candidates. Qne pupil passed in. 10 sub .jeqts, two in eight subjects, t-wo in seven and LW-jj in six, subjects. Tlie general percentage of passes for. the whole colony was 45; that >sci)red:' by the pupils- cf..-this'college was S7h: Aijother pupil passed in physics and physi ology,. the only subjects for which lie entered. - Phylloxera is New SOUTH W^les.- The Sydney correspondent of the Age -leports that phylloxera has. again been discovered in Air. Murray's vineyard at Liverpool, which is .in a dn;cet-}tneriibout-a -mile-distant-,- from Adams' anil Gill s 'vineyards.-' Inspector'Sanderson'has condemned the vineyard, and the .usual precau toons are being,, taken , to prevent the disease spreading.- ... ; . . ...... -.' . c ,F°?3£".fos THE-iFsDErai, -.COUNCIL.- The fallowing is the-list of subjects: which' has been reSsrred by Victoria to-the Federal-Council for -its| consideration1 when it meets at Hobart next month (a) The establishment of an effectual system of federal quarantine; (6) the defini tion' .of. / the status; of companies in colonies other,than the colony in which thev have been constituted, and the facilitating-of the winding up of-companies carrying on-business in more than one. colony, and tlie dealing with and giving effect to. schemes of. .arrangement and compromise between any such company and its creditors-;-frJ-the>:securing us far a3 possible of .the uniformity throughout Australasia of laws relating to banking ; (i!) . the trial and punish ment in one colony of offenders against the lav.- of any other colony ; {«). the notification of infectious disease to local authorities as pro vided, for by the Imperial Infectious Disease (notification) Act 1SS9; and (/) the pro viding of precautions against any remediifl measures for tuberculosis or any disease in animals. Tub BEXDMjo ATHLETIC CLUB'S Interna noNAL '..Cycliso . Carxival. - The gi«aritic racing carnival of-the above club will be con tinued to-day at the Show Grounds, commencing at r.45.p.mM and finishing at 6.10 p.m. It is expected that the racing will be even better tnan on-Boxing Dajy and great interest-is beint* ovinced-in the meeting - of all the champion c\ clists in the Bcndigo City Handicap and Five Miles International Scratch Race. Refresh ments will be provided in the stands for ladies.. The w oather promises to be more enjoyable than on Boxing. Day, and an enormous at tend jinceds expected. . . A SE.vs.vrroN-AL - Whirlwind.-The Bailarat Courier states that a whirlwind swept- down upomcth'e vanstand. m. Grenville.-street." ;south shortly before oo'ciock on' Mondav*-afternoon, stocked with a sensation for the vamnen. Mr. Slater had stowed himself snugly away in side his van, sheltering from the hailstorm that v.as then passing over the city. His peace was suddehly disturbed by his vehicle being lifted bodily and thrown upon its side. The occupant, ?Who received merely a few bruises, made his escape from the;van without delay, and found .his horse, which had also: been capsized, struggling to regain its feet: - A portion of the _under-carriage of. the van was .broken. There were about half a dozen . other furniture vans on the stand, . and one. of them was-; seized.'.6y.''.-'the' wind and ? lifted over' ?" v ^ ':.-vvKeels Von; 'its'" right- side. In Armstrong-street. ..thelblast-,struck, several-.' perain bulators stundingiqut-side Hill a»d Paine'3' auction mart, and .- carried a .couple of them nearly,down to. the,Pliccnix foundry, some of the wheels being knocked off during the short but merry (seihg- the vehicles yvere tenantless) spin."""Passing Thence "across -LydCird-strect " the whirlwind lifted off a number of slates froni the roof of the Academy of Musie above the stage. Continuing its course, the fringe caught a tree standing aiongiide Phillips' hoteMn Albert-street- and almost ..wrenched it from t)(o ground ; while a lad : who sustained the full lorue of the wind was lifted from the pavement and deposited in the gutter, along which a heavy stream of water*, consequent- u[A)n the downpour, was flowing. Then the wind toved with the furniture vans, and having effected some little damage, continued its career into ixillrirat hast, where it wrought con siderable damage to property in "Victoria street. The wind carried off portion of the zinc ridging on.Scates' buildings, and deposited it on the next door wooden shop of. Mr. G. Seates. It then attacked the grocery establish. nienc of Mr. C. Fitzgerald. Here, an assistant named T. Harris, who was handling some potatoes outside the shop to a customer, was actually carried from the eastern entrance to the shop and to the western entrance, and hurled through one of the shop'windows. Mr. Harris was rendered semi-conscious bv the j shock which he had sustained, and when picked ! up it, was found that he had been cut on the I let-hand, but fortunately' not seriously. The marvel was how he . escaped serious injurv. several brooms in the establishment of Mr. I'itzgerald, which were outside of 'the shop, were blown in . various directions' about the snop. ill-. Harris was .wearing a new hat at tne time he was 'caught' in the Whirlwind, and rude Loreas went off with .it Hack's hotel, next door, also fared badly by the storm, a' chimney on the second storey being blown down, a portion of the kitchen on the do-,vu floor on the eastern side of the '?building -bein-' con siderably knocked out of position. The wind then c.osbc:! to the other side of the street on?r,C U attacked the private residence of Mr! K. J hompson, and completely carried awav the iron: verandah ana port ion "of the ca'.vanised iron rooting of the house. Some of the sheets o: iron were carried a considerable distance . one of them being found in the baekvard of the premises of Mr. Black, photographer,' LarUy-st re«t, and others adjacent to St, Alipius' Churca, Victoria-street. Sercral outhouses ?were also blown down. BITTEX nr A S.n'akk. -The .Kyncton. eorres .pondentof Va^ Htrcihi reports that Mr. Harry . Hocking, a farmer, < living-.tlvree -mil-ss from town, when shooting at sundown pn Monday night, waa bitten on the leg by .1 big tiger snake. . He promptly tied a ligature round his leg, and walked about a mite'to uis home; then got a poriy and'rode. into'Kynetan. He"arrived at the hospital at nine :o\lock, and Dr. Smith, resident surgeon,, cut ^out the ftesh around.the puncture- and inieetcd strychnine, and cave brandy to the sufferer, who was walked about vigorously for some time, ill order to be. kept awake. Iloeking twiee nearly succumbed, but is now out of danger. About midnight he was put to bed, and the wound bathed carefully. He was watched during the night, and is now tolerably right, excepting a pain in the leg, and the unpleasant effect of the restoratives, (Owing to the time, elapsing between the mishap ami his arrival at the hospital, there was a great chance of Hocking not recovering. Great ) credit is due to Dr. Smith For ins successful ' treatment. 