WHEN the avenues of information on the subject are more numerous than at present, and observations are taken the world over as carefully as they are in Europe, America, and Australia, it may probably be possible to forecast the weather with tolerable accuracy. This cannot be done now, but science has established one fact, namely, that hot and cold seasons travel in cycles. It wants no scientist to tell us that in Australia we are at present suffer ing from a heat wave—probably the same as that which passed over Europe last summer, when sun strokes were not uncommon even in what are known as the cold countries, and when soldiers on parade were smitten down as by a foeman’s bullet. All over the continent and in the United States the weather was the hottest known for years, and in America sufferings on this score were intensified by the terribly extensive bushfires that raged in some of the heavy forests. A similar experience is now being gone through in Australia On Monday last the thermometer registered 108 degrees in the shade at Sydney, which is the highest record since the observatory was established in 1859 Other records in New South Wales for the season have been— Wilcannia, 118 degrees, with an average record for nine days of 112 degrees; Narribri, 115 degrees; and Broken Hill (where there were three deaths from heat apoplexy), 112 degrees. On Sunday and Monday there were 16 deaths recorded in the mother colony as directly attributable to the intense heat; for how many more the weather was indirectly responsible it would be difficult to say. The thermometer has ranged just as high in various places in the north of Victoria. At Mildura, for instance, 113 degrees was reached in the true shade—nearly 120 degrees according to the ordinarily accepted shade register. In Tasmania, even, the heat has been great, and in South Australia, West Australia, and Queensland it has been unusually sultry. In the early part of the summer there was such a long spell of dry weather that the wheat crop was in most places stunted and shrivelled up, and the colony is faced with a heavy shortage in the yield that has doubled the price of wheat and sent bread up from 3d to 6d the 41b loaf—a serious thing for the laboring classes. Herbage suffered from the drought, and though subsequent rains caused a fresh up springing of succulent fodder, suc ceeding heat withered it up again. Already accounts from all quarters of the colony report a falling off in the yield of milk at the several butter factories and c-eameries, and copious rains now could scarcely prevent a decrease on last season’s ex port of butter, even though a greater number of farmers are turning their attention to dairying than at any previous period. But even this does not sum up the tale of evil wrought by the present heat wave. Such a visitation is always accompanied by numerous bushfires, and accounts of the ravages of the fire fiend come from all quarters. Many miles of fencing and hundreds of thousands of acres of grass have been devoured ny the destroying element. In some cases, too, homesteads have been reduced to ashes, and the results of * years of hard work swept into nothingness in the course of a few hours Even in this district, where the injury done by bushfires is usually confined to grass 'and fencing, buildings have been destroyed. At Steiglitz half of the hamlet of Albion was devastated, and the plant and buildings of the United Albions Company were destroyed; while at Grenville two settlers were rendered homeless. Seve ral thousands of tons of wood, cut for household and mining purposes and stacked for removal, were con sumed, and altogether the losses caused by fire in this district will amount to many thousands of pounds. It is poor consolation to those whose grass and crops were destroyed this year to know that the visitation' that wrought such havoc will fertilise the grbund, so that heavier ’ yields and* richer pasturage are assured for next year. But it is a that nature thus works out a scheme of partial compensation. It is sin cerely to be hoped we have seen the worst of:tffe,].e4 *nd more moderate weather'will prevail lor the rest of thfe season. C Bbere Rabbit tes\for ye»<* P-J> been ia thorn m the _B.de- ofthepas toralist and' the agriculturist. It is not so'may years since it was found necessary to take drastic measures to prevent those who had settled upon the land being eaten out of house and home by the fecund rodents. Simul taneous co-operation m the task of ex termination by poison, trapping, shoot ing and suffocation brought the pe»t within such bounds that it could e kept within easily compassable limits. But in the times of retrenchment the services of the inspectors appointed to see the requirements of the law with regard to the extermination earned out were dispensed with and their duties devolved upon the police. SSot a word has been uttered against either the willingness or the ability of the constables to do their part in enforcing the law when they hare time. it frequently happens, however, that just wnen it is necessary to‘ see that simul taneous action is taken the inspector now is engaged upom some other of his multifarious duties/ In fact, from the nature of his calling, a con stable could at best only discharge the work of a rabbit inspector in a very prefunctory manner. And this- is what has happened, so that the 1 bun nies are increasing as rapidly as ever. Another source of danger, too, has arisen. With the' expansion of the frozen meat trade it has been found that a profitable business can bo done in rabbits’ at certain seasons of the year, and it was thought by some that to supply this would be to reduce the number of rabbits greatly. But it is not to the interest of the trapper, to limit the source of supply and thereby minimise his chance of earning a livelihood. The temptation in such a case to let the young ones free, so that they may continue to increase, is very great, and it has been found that when trappers are employed they must be followed with the exterminator, so that suffocating fumes may finish the work of destruction. At the present time there are cries from all parts of the colony that the rabbits are multiplying. The' Riponshire Coun cil speaks for other parts -of this district, and from Warr nambool in the west to Bairnsdale m the east and Swan Hill in the north the plaint is the same; Mr t John Cooke, writing to the Age yesterday, sums up the situation on the question, “Will Victoria export-sheep or rab bitsl” He quotes from a country telegram :—“ Half -a ton of rabbits is daily consigned to Melbourne from Har court, where the pest still flourishes;” and adds, “ I do not hesitate to say when 10 tons represent the daily ■con signment the pest will flourish (save the mark!) with more and more vigor.” The old system of inspectors was not, perhaps, an unraixed evil, but it was preferable to that under which the work is thrust upon men who have so many other duties that may take their attention just at a time when it should he devoted to rabbit extermination. It was only a temporary expedient, forced upon the Government by stress of circumstances. Those interested in the < matter intend to appeal to the Ministry, and if the facts are as stated they should be able to make out a sufficiently strong case to secure an alteration of the present system. Both Houses of Parliament mat yesterday, after the Chnstin is adjournment. In the Council the Federal Enabling Bill was read a first time. The Assembly entered into da bates on the subject of the defences of the colony and the alarming increase of the rabbit peat in various parts of the country. Yesterday an interruption occurred on the overland telegraph line, suspending co.timum ca'ion with Europe The portion of the line affected is tha 1 lying between Alice Springs and Barrow’s Creek—a dis'ance of 171 miles A repairing party left Alice Springs a" 8 o’clock yeet“rday morning, and effected the necessary repairs. The cablegrams, which are important, will be found in another column. In connection with the ce’ebration of the 40th anniversary of the establishment of mum oipal government in Ballarat, the Mayor of the City has consented to take a prominent part At the committee meeting on Monday evening a programme of the proceedings was ar. ranged, and will be advertised on Friday morning, giving full particulars of the day’s festivities Permission is given to all photo graphers wishing to take groups to be p-eaent in front of the City Hall on Friday. Curiosities and relics of the early goldfields lent for the occasion and sent to the town clerk will be dis played on the night of the banquet, while a pioneers’ roll will be on hand to receive the sign itures of old identities. At the Galloway, Burns, Moore, and Lalor memonala, short speeches or recitations will be given by Mr Odriie, Mr Miller, Father Bogers, and Mr Tbeo. Saunders Steamboats have been ar ranged for oxouraio is round the 1 ike, and sports will bo improvised at the Gardens, where a pioneer of 80 summers challenges anyone of his own ago and weight to run a hundred yards or to any other athletic pastime befitting his age and c nditions. The tickets are going off rapidly, both for the picnic and banquet. The adverti ement in another column will show wheie they may be ob tained. About 3 o’clock yesterday afternoon a fonr roumod hoa e situate in Spencer street, near the Sparrow Club’s ground, the property of Mr E. he'cher, a member of the Bdlarat Fire Brigade, was totally destroyed by fire. Mrs Letcher, mother of the owner, was lighting the < kitchen fire when some paper on the mantelpiece caught fire. The flames spread to the walls, and all effor‘3 to ox'ingmsh ihem were futile. The Bdlirat Brigade were promptly in a‘tendance, but aa there was no water were unable to render any effective service Mr Letcher had the misfortune to be burnt out about 12 months ago. Under the City bylaws a proprietor of a cab is liable if the driver of a vehicle commits an offence against the bylaws. Yesterdnv Mr H. Stoneman, the well-known coachbmlder, was called upon to answer to a charge of plying for hire off the licensed stand. Mr Stoneman explained that he kept a cab at his establi-h mant to su t the convenience of cabdnvors who m’ght leave their vehicles for repair. He knew nothing of the alleged offence’ and and conld not see how ho could be held liable Mr Stoneman was informed that if he pro duced the driver the latter would be the per son liable The driver was forthcoming, and pleading guiltv to the charge, was fined in a small sum. Mr John Hichards, another cab proprietor, was also situated similarly to Mr Stoneman, but his driver also appo ired and wv» fined. ’ . Mr W J Broadbont, who for several years has filled the position of accountmt in the Bdlarat branch of the Bank of New South Wales, proceeded to Creswick yesterday to fill the pisition oi manager of the branch in i that town The appointment is likely to prove a popular one, ns Mr Broadbent is one °f the mo t capable, courteous, and oblipmo officials m om City b inks Being a nativ e o“f Creswioksture, and an o and Creswick Grammar School boy. he .a well and favorably known districtT^ 9 8 ° f th ° resident3 iu the Creswick The matter of the annual outing to be ton dared to the inmates of the Orphan Asylum came before the committee of the mstitu Ton atats meeting last night Hitherto the custom has been to treat the children to an exonnn to Qneensohff but the house committee re command“d that on this decision a picnic should be held at the Ballarat Water In supporting this recommendation the trea surer (Mr Soo't) pointed out that m late CTawn t i le al T al treat to tho children had ff™ ““'h an exton l - as to have become altogether too great . „ undertaking f or the resources of the institution. The commit!., therefore, had deemed it advisable th.i- n ’ site of the gathering shonli bs neareiTlionm imd more ready of acee.s. To hold it at water reserve would entail noOutlay by the institution, for the coat *T,. be defrayed from a fund donate M the pnblio for that purpose. Several a, here supported the recommendation fot»im,i 5 ‘ reasons, and it was oemted out thst Sr? labor on the p irt of those entrusted with ta cure of the children would be saved theta* ■whilst the pleasure of the inmates I the Asylum would in no way anffar, C would in all probability be enhanced \l Josephs moved an amendment that the c-kT pursued in former years be adhered to that QueenschfE be the Bite of the picnic ’ p was supported by others who held that £1 outing to Queen-cliff had become a n lno /j treat to which the children looked foraS with no small amount of excitement, ln s from which th»y derived con-iderabl» faeneEt of an educational character. Eventually u‘ house committee’s recommendatun adopted on the casting vote of the chaT man Yesterday morning Inspector Harniltm made ms annual inspection of the men of tS City polite force, and the equipments of tt! City police station. In all 18 men were npo» paride, and the inspection was m , Ie respect satisfactory. Later m the day sat« 2 of the ontstations were visited by the B apector. Owing to the outer portion of the cosij proper being thrown open to trainers, g™ cracks of the Ballarat Miners’ fnrf Clnb y e , terday morning presented quite the appairan-, of a immature Flemington. Upwards o[ j) horses had worked prior to 8 o’clock, melodic, several which were also exercised for th. Hurdle B ice engagements at the club’s tin meeting on the 24 h mat. The hon snrvejo* to the club (Mr Kobt Allan) personally |, ranged the different distances, which ate and) noted by pi maids placed at the various points. Horse owners and trnners, who are loud m their praises of the club’s management, CJ3 now discover to a nioety the c ipa v ilities of their horses without running unnecessin risks. Over" 70 horses in ail are working cj the tracks, which speaks well for the progta made by this popular club of late ye irs The mayor (Or J. G. M'Unnald; and Ifc Wood, City engineer, yesterday made an u. epection of the City Brigade station with i view to having improvements effaced It»y decided to rep nr the stairway to the tnw.ro order to make it safe, to put down new floor mg in the engine and apparatus room, sndto mike necessary alterations to the station, keeper’s cottage. A fence will be erect'd abutting o i Kaglan street, and the hick room are to be improved. The Country BiardwiH be communicated with and requested to cany out their agreement to paint the buildings Last evening Mr W. D M‘Kee intimated to the committee of the Orphan Asy Imn th* Mr Bnrchall, of Melbourne, who is at pre=en: staying m Ballaiat in connect oi with th* Indnstn il Exhibition, hid offered to given exhibition of limelight views illustrative of j trip round the world, and Dr Salmon hi kindly consented to give the necessary eiph. nations The entertainment was spoken and very highly, and he believed that wx h prop** management a substantial monetary beneSt could be secured to the Asylum funds Ta committee expressed satisfaction at M* Burdiall’s kind offer, and appointed the pan dent, treasurer, and Mr M’Mee to cimsdi with that gentleman, and in *k« the necexaq arrangements for the prop' sed entertaium.st The directors of the United Albions Coe pauy have decided to at ones have the remain of the old plant overhauled and the pumpiEj machinery put in repair in order that th water m**v be baled int of the shaft IThta this has been done future operations will t* considered. At the City Police Court yesterday WIIIII3 Wilkinson was charged with negligent dm mg. The evidence showed thit while driving a cart along Grenville street the defendin' ran against an old man named William Barnes, knocking him down The term cautioned the defendant to exeroi-e mors cm in future, and imp 'sed a fine 1 f os, with k costs. Three cabdnvers for breaches of ta bvlaws were each fined 2s fid, wuh 2sbd co-ti Maurice Srearne, a fruit hawker, charpti with obstructing the pavement with ba barrow, was fined Is Several debt cases wen aUo dea't with by the court Me-srs Cooia, Ach“son, Longlinrst, and M'Naught, J si, presided, A trip on the top of a tram round the lab to the Gardens is a very pleas in and cheap way for visitors to the uty to spend a spat* hour The rain which fell on Monday, tol lowed by the cool temperature since, hi greatly freshened up the flowers and plants it the Botanical Gardens, which scarcely e'd looked better than at present Yesterday an excursion took place toM larat from Geelong under the auspices of tb Anglican Sabbath schools of that plic* Ah ut 600 children and their fronds fromAJ Saints’, Christ Church, and St Matthews schools were conveyed to the garden sidingu l two special trams Canon Goodin in, tn* Eav. H. Kelly, and the officers and teacher l of the several schools supervised the ppnrtmr the picnickers, who spent a very plm antdsj and returned home about h o’cbck in tb evening. A meeting of the Ba’larat branch of ta Wesleyan Local Preachers’ \3uOci it on sat held la-t n*ght in the Lydiard street Churca vestry. There wa< a good attendance of rafi hers, and Br W. Colimau (presides' occup'ed the chair After some deserving cases had been reported on and dealt with, lb annual balance eheet was read and idoptd, and showed the branch in a good financial position The n«wly e ected breihron th’C took their various offices. Avery hearty vo't of thanks was presented to the past offic’C for the efficient mannar m which t hey had co: ducted the business during the year 189a, ad the beudiotion brought a very pleisantmeitaj to a olose. Another case of typhoid fever was aamiti | to the Hospital yesterday, making a total c* five tn date. of the Bendigo Mechanic* Institute has >e-o!ved to organise the runmrj of cheap excursion trams from Bendigo totb Ballarat Exhibition Mr Curnow, in mnotnu the subject at a mee'ingof the committee, va*J he brought it £>rwird in the full confident* that the commit ee would make a good pro:* out of the experiment. In idditmn to tb ordinary cheap excursions, sp**cnl train!l ft’ the accommodation of State school childw and their paten’s could be arranged for Hs theref ire moved that the secretary commas cate with the exhibition c )mmitt-o, enqmnsf the terms upon winch the proposed excnraioo could be arranced The motion was =ecnnid by the Bov. J Garlick, and carried unani mously On the mmonof Mr J Andrus* seconded by Mr T Scott, the flstaiL "vara If* to the finance comm ttse Tint commtia met subsequently, and decided to hold lb first excursion either on the Ist or 3rd Fes- j ruarv. , The committee of the Orphan Asp® l j dei ided last night to forward ala ter ofi re dolence to Mr J. Phillips (president of tb limitation) expressive of sympathy with bin in his n-c“ut bereavement. | Feeder cc Gosden, 11 years old, wbo-s 1 parents live m ijyons street, fqll from a ta» | yesterday while bird-nes mg and ni-tnnd ] fractures of both bonus in one oi bn arm* Ada H *rdw \ro, 12, of Errard st'eot, had ns fi’iger severely crushed bv a swing at the Botanical Girdens; and Wm. Nixon, 33, ct Warraoha p, slipped and caught his arm n* hook, wth the re ult that it vva» ° eTB (j laoerat-d. The three cases were attended w at the Hospital. A meeting of members of tbo Eureka Stm" 1 Bowk-tt Building Society was field »t tw Trades’ Hall last evening, nt wh ch a hallos for £509 was drawn, and won by c'usbr cy h-Id by shareholders in Ballarat and Mattel A lecture will be given to-morrow eveninf in the Soho >1 of Mint 3 commencing *t o’clock, on ’* The gas engine,” illu’tratedty lantern views The lecturer (Mr IV B® chall, engin-er for Alex. Cowin and C> 1 Mb’ bourne), is thoroughly conversant with tw construction and working of such engines * a will ha pleased to “00 experts and all 18 terested present The le turo is under ti* auspic s of the School of Mines and the h® worker-’ Association The public are inTitsui and admission will ha free. Mrs Rees, 70 years of age, an old reside of Burrumbset, died suddenly yesterd *T t D ° r ? mg The and ’ceased to ifc her breakfast as usast but was found dead by hor son 20 minutes afterwards Mr Wil'iam Gaidar Elder, an old Uallara identity, died at Brunswick at 5 o’clock terday aft moon Mr E der, whi wai ah o '" 70 years of age, suffered trom a severe s'tac* of influenza, about three yo irs ago, and novi't thoroughly recovered Hn ai rived in Ball* r *' in the early fift es, and was always deePO interested in mining, and at the time «f 0,5 dea'h he was a director of the Prentra Fre«- hold ind th ilk’s No. 1 Companies an oo shareholder in the Kingston mines d 0 , Ballarat about seven years avo, bnt m® oo regular visits to the city Mr Elder, vvw leaves a wife, bnt no children, was a broths to Mrs Owen Thomas, of Eyre str-ct The Ballara 1- Liedertafel will mo t for t 0 hearaal to night at Craig’s h itel, at 3 o’c oc»* A full attendance is requested The first weekly excursion from Meibom® 5 to the Australian Industml Exhibition, Bej" larat, wll take place to dsy. The tram leave Spencer street at 8 am. and return from Ballarat at 645 p m. Saven dav s’ return tickets for winch the fares are —Adints, 1 6 1. up to 16 years, 2s Sd. an avadaole fort turn by any ordinary tram until night of January (express excepted) Excursionists will bo admitted, to the exhibition twica 00 presentation of railway ticket There w»a a blank charge-sheet at the I°*? Police Court yesterday. Messrs Gala an Pearce, J'a P., ware in attendance Mesere Williamson and Musgrove’s E i y*J Opera Company oooclm’ed a highly eaco°s3i»‘ season at the Academy of Mu-io last n 1 ? with a “ double bill.” The Academy Crowded in erery part with an enthusiastic audience. “The Mile ado” was given in its «ntirety, snd though exception might be taken to the tempo of “ Here’s a how d’ye do” and to the manner of its closing the audience thnee encored it. The play was very strongly east, and each performer scored well, |lr Howard Vernon carrying off the honors as C Koko. rlj’he performance concluded with Cel \ her’* amusing and tuneful operetta, “ Chanty begins at home,” which afforded Mr Latin an opportunity for some excellent fooling, snd the other performers a chnnce of excelling, of which they availed themselves. A wedding which is exciting more than ordinary interest will take place at the Syna gogue to-day, when Miss O' ben, of Ballarat East, will be married to Mr, Block, of Ta - mama. Mr W. Turton, surveyor, of Lydiard street, who for 20 years past has been a leading oitiien of Ballarat, intends to leave the city in March next and take up his residence m Melbourne, where two of his married daughters reside. "While deeply regretting such a step, Mr Tor ton ns led to do so owing to the Bal larat winters heme too severe for the health of Mrs Tnrton. Mr Turton has resigned his offices as a canon of the Cathedral Cbnrch and a member of the Diocesan Assembly, and will also resign his connection with the various temperance organisations m which hs has always played an important part. Members of the Australian Natives’ Asso ciation are invited to meot at the A.N.A. Hall on fViday next, to take part m the celebra tion of the 40th anniversary of municipal govemmen in Ballarat. Every member who can conveniently do so is requested to attend Yesterday Captain Kilburn, of the City bell ringers, received a telegram to the effect that several members of the Sydney Bellringers’ Society, accompanied by members of the Mel bourne society, will arnve in Ballarat this morning. They will be met at the Western station liy C ptnu Kilburn local bell ringers, and will be escorted to the City Hall, •where they will be shown over the belfry. Subsequently they will be shown round the City, lake and gardens, and driven to other points of interest. The late Mr Lewis Stansfiald’s interest in the of Stansfield and Smith, oil and color merchants, has been purchased from the executors (the Ballarat Trustees, Executors and Agency Company) by Mr J. Thompson Smith, who is now solo proprietor. The opera tions of the firm now extend over two-thirds of the colony, and last year’s business neces sitated increased facilities in the premises that are now in course of alteration- At the reqne-t of many clients the firm is under taking decorating business and have seenred the service of a London art decanter and grainer. A winery is to be established in the Stawell district, near Great Western. A brick cellar has been erected there by the Stawell Winery Company at a cost of £l5OO, and it is being en- larged and altered on the suggestion of Signor Bragato, the Government viticultural expert, at an extra coat of £5OO. As soon as this work is completed and approved of by the depart- mental officers, the company will receive the subsidy of £2OOO, and will enter upon its work of buying and treating wines with the coming vintage. Mr Taverner hopes that this will be the forerunner of a number of similar estab- lishments throughout the wine growing dis- tricts of Victoria, as he is confident there is a great future before the wine industry. In addition to the members of the Opera Company and others who took part in the per formance of the mass at St. Patrick’s Cathedral on Sunday last, Miss M Parsons is entitled to mention for a creditable rendering of the principal alto solo part in the mass Mr Hautne West officiated at the organ with his customary efficiency. The Ballarat Trustees, Executors and Agency Company, Limited, by advertisement elsewhere, requests all persons having claims against the estates of the late Mr James Francis, contractor, of Armstrong street north,; and Mr Evan Davies, miner, of Clementston, to send particulars, and those owing money to these estates to pay it with out delay at the office of the company, Camp street. 