GauraMR.vicE. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.! I'- ! ? -:r~: -'T ????'? , ,. CASTLENIAINE, SATURDAY. yRJOKET,-The premiership match between tho G.U.C..C. ami the -Foundry .United was; concluded .to-day, and was decided on the first' innings. Foundry scored 219, the principal; ' sdbfcrsTSemg-M'Leah 3GrGniW}~32, Freeiria'n': 30, and Beswickand Wnsley 22 each. Castle-j maine. compiled 260, Todd 63, Freeman *i7> ,Jensen 39,:Coldrej; 31, and -Newhani 23 being! ; thelnghest scoters. 'Casfleinaine thus won fi»yi 41 runs. Coskirmatiox SERVICE.-Archbishop ' Carr administered ithe sacrament of - confirmation to-; day to ISO confirmecs, boys and girls from' Newsteiid, Maldon, Baringhup, Bradford,: Fryers town, Sandon and Cliewton, at St.; Mary's Church, Castlemaine. Tlie service lasted fi'om 11 a.m. to 3.30 p.m. The'archbishop then drove to Daylesford. ; In'cexdiakisji.-A fire broke out to-nij'ht at the rear of Enibley's and Harrison's establish-, nients in Market-square. Tliis is the third time within a few weeks that fires have been put out at the rear of these premises. The work of some incendiary has on each occasion been for tunately discovered in time to prevent serious consequences. . KLMOKE, .SATURDAY. .' MOORA RACKS.-The following entries have been received by tlie secretary for the Moora Racing Club races, to be held on Boxing Day: Flying Handicap.-Little Ada, Deadshot, Rose mont, Poverty, Gilpin. Steeplechase-Bob, Cracker, Cartridge, Bushfire, Lad}', Cappidie. Moora Handicap.-Poverty, Benecia Boy, Ruby, Deadshot, Roseniont. Pony Race. Venus, ' Nettle, Ginger, Toby, Little Fish,: Separator. HUNTLY, SATURDAY. . SCARCITY OF WATER.-There has been a lot: written from here respecting the water supply," and as has been the case every summer for years past, it is the same now, only that with every summer the supply gets shorter; in fact, it reminds me of this place some 40 years ago, when to get water for domestic purposes there used to be; holes sunk near the dry watercourses, securely logged over the top, and closely watched, or; the logs would be removed, and the water; taken. But as some of the old residents! say, there is a material difference now, as the water mains are laid to our doors; but the water-where is it ? From early morn till late at night there is scarcely a drop to be had. It has been asserted that go where you will you can get what you pay for ; but here, although the water rates have to be paid, the water can not be got. The ratepayers consider that the council, as custodians of the rates, should de cline to pay the Government for what they do not get, or t.ike immediate action to have the water mains enlarged so that the whole of the water cannot be utilised for gardens before it reaches Huntlv. POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court, Mr. Dwyer, P.M., and Messrs. Britt and Goyne, Js.P., presiding, G. W. Woodward was sum moned for non-compliance with the Vaccina tion Act, and was fined 10s, with 2os costs. One civil case was disposed of, and the court adjourned. 