POINTS., [By Needle.J A Dam Carried Clean away At Georgetown, Sir John Forrest Haa commenced inquiries Be ' Ruinous Departments.' Tho intercolonial line ia dear. . But how long will it remain bo ? A miser worth JE80.000 died in Paris recently. Rumorod that tho Australian tenm a coming. Railway accident near Northam. No )ne injured. Colonel Phillips wants' fifty more ' bull-dogs.' Tremendous bush.fires in Viotoria. Stock roasted alive. The famous Sir Robert Peel was born 1 08 years ngo to-day. Spain refuses to grant the Cuban fobols ' rights of war.' Reductions to the amountof .£1,000,000 iu tho Fronoh Budget. In France the bicycle ia ridden by more women than mon. There aro 13,000,000 men of military nge in the United States. Football was a crime in England during tho reign of Honry VIII. My dear— an expression used by man nud wifo at the commencement of a quarrel. Why aro poultry tho most profitable atook to keep ? Beoauso for every grain they give a pock A lady waa dreadfully affronted bo oauBO a gentleman accostod her aa nn ' old ' acquaintance. What are tho moat unsooial things in tho world ? Mile-stones— you never aeo two of them together. Cable : The French havo commenced ' colonizing' Madagascar. Many chiefs havo been shot. Colonizing I For real practical aenao, I think Mr. J, S. Roid's suggestions in thia Morning's Herald take the cako. Ho who rn?is the T.D. may read/ It's a bit of a ' take-down ' for the Viotorinns to find that tho Italian ridor boat all their ' cracka ' in tho Inter national Scratch Milo, and thon only loat their Championship by a few inches — which is nothing. One of tho disabilities of RoadB Boards, On tho Perth-Fremnntle road one section is being repaired. Tho other suctions ure not, because each Road Board that owns a section is always ' on it's own.' Mind tho atonin roller 1 It is said that tho Pope haa sanc tioned tho use of tho bicycle, among the priests of tho Roman Catholic Church. Princes, poors, priests, and plebeians— all gone mad on tho bike. Presently wo shall hear that tho Pope has taken to riding one himself. That will tost his in-/aZZ-ibility. The London Mining World ' rubs it into' Herr Schinoissor (who lately visited this country, and waa treated like a little tin god), and not, appa rently, altogether without reason Thoro is no doubt that tho Gorman 'expert' wrb ' slobbored over ' to a large extent while ho was here. One thousand pimieas to inapeot a mine ia a nice littlo aum, and don't you forgot it ! CAUSE AND EFFECT. 'I liko thia hat,' said Isabel, ' It makes my face look long and well. But when dear father saw the bill It made Ida fnoo look longer still.' Iu 18!)G tho Australians go toEngland to meot thoir brothers in tho ' manly toil.' In 1897, tho Philadolphians will sond a team to tho Mother Country, and tho aamo year tho Puraeea (who aro clinking good mon) will likowiso seek tho Homo of Cricket, to show how woll thoy havo loarned it. It is suggeated that the Paraeos should play tho Philadolphians, and I hopo thia will bo done. Vorily crickot is bocoming cos mopolitan. . THE POET'S PLEA, Oh for Oblivion'a gruoaomo grip I Oh that the past wero a blank ! Oh for a plungo and a deep, deep dip In tho watora of Lotho so rank ! Oh for somo fairy's benignant breath To waft me, in dulcet tones, The charm that should make me forget ful till death Of tho flvur I borrowed from Jones ! Statistics show that in 1,000 marriages 332 mon marry women younger than themselves, 597 marry women of their own ago or near it, and 89 marry women older than thomsolvos. Tho mo3fc notablo difference in ages waa in Caradon, lnst year, where the bridegroom was 22 and tho bride 69. Points to ponder :— Knowledge i8 power — but an unnecessary display of it ia weakness. . We may not all be 'poor creatures,' but it cannot be denied that we are all creatures— and most of ua are poor. 'Friendly advice' hnB coat many a man a friend— and sometimes his life. The roooivor, thoy say, is as bad as the thief, but ho often is a personal friend of the Court. ONE FOR THOKA8. ' Yes, dad,' said tho young man, proudly. ' When I leave collego next terra, I shall go in for a literary career — write for money, you know.' ' I do,' sighed tho old man, wearily, ' you've nevor done_ anything olse. {Thomas thought it Urns to go.) 