Fanning and Dktob's Companx,— An announce ment in another column intimates that Panning and Devoe's Higb-clnsB Minstrel and Speciality Company open on Monday evening in the Town Hall? WeBt Maitland. Tho name of Fanning is well known in this town. Tbe company is one that baa 'been performing at tbe Tiyoli Theatre, Sydney. PreviouB to commencing this provincial tour they had just completed a phenomenal run of fhro» vflnra there, which should be sufficient guarantee for tbe excellence of the company. The Heat Wave.— The hot weather of yeBter day was lugmented to-day by a hot wind from the North- WeBt, very trying to the akin and making the temperature almoBt intolerable. There was littlo cessation of heat Iant night, unfortunately, so that sleep was a boon denied to most. AC tne Telegraph Office, West Maitland, at noon, the thermometer recorded 106J°, and an hour later 10G4C, At 3.30 the record was the highest ever taken in West Maitland, 10 71°. Mr. Filmor'e records are as ' Inside the house-8 a.m., 87 | 2, 92 t 10. 98°; 11, 95° | 12 noon, 95 i 1 P-ra^ ? OutBide (in verandah)— 8 a.m., 100 i 9 a.m., 104,° ; 10, 108° , 11. 109° | 12 noon, 109 ; 1 p.m. 110°, Large bushares are burning beyond fcast Maitland, and we suspect bushfires elBewhero are adding to the intensity the heat. We 'egret to note in tho western interior the extraoidinary hot weather prevails, and is continuing to claim a larcTG harvoBb of dGfifcbs» ? «»*?!. ifyou cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea' in your district write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarence- street, eydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storekeeper. The Municipal Elections.— -In each of the three local municipal councils this year rbere will be new blood, as a result of the retirement altogether of old representatives, and there ? promises to be more than ordinary interest taken in the elections, which will bo held in the first week of February. At West Maitlapd the retiring Aldermen are Messrs. Wilkinson, Lipscomb, Alcorn and Cobb. Three of these are certain startorB, while Mr. Lipscomb will not seek re-election. Rumour, ever busy, gives it that Mcssre. Joseph Leopold, Peroy Tinkler, and Uavia CiiarK aro coming out, and if no the election in tho West is sure to bo lively. At East Maitland tho retiring aldermen aro Messrs. Cunningham, Petherbridge, and Bourke, Tho former deolarod his intention of seeking re-election somo time since, but may ha^e altered his mind. Messrs. Ferry and Brooder are spoken of aB likely can didates.— At Morpeth, on extraordinary vacancy has occurred through tlio resignation of Alderman Wakely. Tho annual retirements aro Aldermen ?Campbell, Portus, and Burg. Should Alderman Cunningham stand out of tho East _ Mai tland_ con test, each Council will be in the unique position of having to fill tbe place of a voluntary retiring alderman who has served the ratepayers faithfully ? for a good number of years. — It will bo observed by advertisement in this isBUe that Messrs. C. J, Leopold and P. A. Tinkler will address the rate payers of West Maitland on Tuesday evening next at Morris' Hotel, Horseshoe Bends on Wednesday, at the Carrington Hotel j Thursday, the Australian Hotel; Friday, Governor Gipps; and Saturday, ' Dunlop's Centennial Hotel, each meeting commen cing at eight o'clock. Enamelled mantel pieces from 15b, register stove 13s Gd, doors and sashes, kalsomine^ paints of all colors ready mixed, varniBheB, ceiling iron, brackets, frieze. Gaiter & Sons, 4009 Busn Fhies. — A large buBh fire could bo seen in what appeared to bo tho Buttai direotion this afternoon. The Are seemed to bo raging fiercely, giving, forth a great deal of smolce, and anyone who had tho misfortune to bo in the vicinity must have ?suffered severely. Blotting Pad and Almanac. — We havo received from tho agent of tho Atlas Fire Insurance 'Company (Mr. C. W. Holmes) a blotting pad and almanac .for tho year, wbioh will bo found vory handy in the office or the home. As usual, both are excellently got up, and in addition to a handy almanac givo figures with regard to tbe busincBB of the company, whioh is a vory old- established ono. 