THE HEAT IN QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, Monday. The heat-wave prevailing in the Southern colonies has so far not affected Brisbane The weather for the past month has been extremely warm, the thermometer registering close on 90, but this is not unusual for the time of year. In some parts of the interior, and of the northern portions of the colony, very high tempera tures have been registered, but there has been no exceptional heat at Brisbane. The official record at Brisbane to-day was 88- nt 9 a.m., but tho highest température reached this summer was only 90-. The highest tempcra iiiro reaohed in Brisbano last January wos only 90-fi. In tho north 107- was registered at Donors Hill, whilo in tho central portions of the colony 107- »va» registered nt Urandangie. In Southern Queensland tho highest tempera turo registered waa 110-. ARMIDALE, Monday. Tho post week has boen tho hottest for many years. Yesterday put np tho record hero with 95 in tho shade. To-day 93- in the shado was regis- tered. ARALUEN, Monday. Tho boat for Uirco daj-s has been phenomenal, tho temporaturo being 102-, 110-, 114-, and 106- ; last ovening it was 10.V. Church sorvico was hold out of doors yestord ly. The drought i» disastrous. Everything is scorched, and the cattlo aro starving. ALBION PARK,¡Monday. To-day was the hottest day ev orj- experienced hero, 111- in tho shado being recorded. Thero is no sign of min. Bush fites aro lull raging. BATHURST, Monday. Tho heat is increasing m intensity o» cry day. It was o»-er 10.1- yesterday, and 101-8 to-daj-. All along tho lino it is reported to bo unboarablj- hot, and a passenger from Sydney to-day states that a child died whilo passing through the tunnol at tlio Lapstone BELLINGEN, Monday. To-day was terribly hot, tho thermometer re- gistering 109- in tlio Bindo. BRAIDWOOD, Monday. Terribly hot weather pre» ailed to-day, which was the hottest o vor experienced hero, 105- in tho «hado' being recorded. Things aro lookingr»-orj7»erious. Unless rain falls shortly thoro will bo no fcedf Water is plontiful. BEGA, Monday. Yoaterday tho heat was 102- in-tho shade, and to-day it was terrific, with a hot wind. At noon the thermometer was 110- in tho shade. Tho afternoon was cooler, but oppressive, A thunder- storm occurred, and n few drops of rain fell. Terrible bush fires aro raging, and ara causing immonso destruction. BLAYNEY, Monday. Yosterday and to-day the hoat has exceeded anything ovor folt in this district previously. Great numbers aro ill from tho offects of the weather. BOWRAL, Monday. To-day was a repetition of last Monday ; but, if anytbmtr, tho heat is moro oppressive by reason of tho hot wind. Tho official record at 4 o'clock this afternoon, at tho Post-office, was 98-in tho »hade, tho samo as registered last Mon- day. Thero is no official record in excess of ibis for Bowral. Tho dairying industry of tho dis- trict is boginning to suffer, as grass is vcry scarco. Tlio milk supply is diminisluug. Bush fireB havo boon dcstructivo-to the grasB and other vegetation. BULLI, Monday. The maximum heat recorded to-day was 115° in, the shade. This has been, the hottest day known. BERRIGAN, .Monday. ' A remarkable week has. passed. The heat has been intenso. Last Sundav- weclc tho thermometer was 104- ; Monday, U2-c Tuesdnj-,-90 ¡.Wednes- day, 102-; Thursday, 10S- ; Friday, 100-,; Satur- day, 104- ; and yesterday, 108-. This morning, at balf-past.9, it was 107', and getting slightly coolor. The thermometer lia» not been under 10C for 60 hours. A change'5« imminent. CANDELO, Mondav-. Tho last two day« havo been exoesmvelj- hot, 106- being' registered to-day jn/jho shailo. Bush firos aro stni íaging^and aró doing great damago to tho crops in the district. CLTFTON, Monday. The hoat eraring ftp last eight days has been excessive Iho thCTmomotcr. registration» havo ranged from 90» io 109: iu tho' shado. The 'latter reading occurred to-day «{noon. All végétation is simply burnt up. During fast evoaing.nnd to-day bush firoihsiô.hcin, jawing in, Hie. vicinity'. oft^Îs"atilîû^ï^i^i^«id^uJ^,whi!rh1iavo intensinVd Uli almost unbc.ar.ablo heat. Settlers 'of-4Qyears' óxpe^ieneo regard .tho presento*tho' ' greatest'heat on record. COBAR. Monday The temperature to-day reached 115° A whirlwind occurred at midday, and wrecked verandahs and outhouses, besides doing a good deal of other damage. CAMDEN, Monday. The heat has been most intense during the last few dayw. At 6 o'clock yesterday evening it was 100° in the shade, and to-day the thermometer showed 122° in the sun at midday. Prayers for rain were held in the Wesleyan Church yesterday. Bush fires are raging, and in their vicinity the heat is unbearable. COLLARENDABRI, Monday. The weather is still hot and dry. COOMA, Monday. The weather was exceedingly hot yesterday, 103° in the shade being recorded. To-day it was 105° at 2 p.m. CONDOBLIN, Monday. The heat has been intense during the past fort- night, the thermometer registering 116° in the shade on the average. Rain is badly needed by the stockowners throughout the district. CROOKWELL, Monday. The weather continues very hot Yesterday the thermometer stood at 103° and to- day at 101° in the shade. DAPTO, Monday. To-day was the hottest day of the season, the thermometer reaching 113°. This was succeeded by a southerly buster. DUBBO, Monday. The heat was excessive yesterday, the thermome ter recording 105° in the shade and 86° all night. A hot wind has been blowing for the last four days. To-day the reading is 103°. There is also a fierce hot wind. The heat is causing much sickness. There is little or no grass and water is getting very scarce. The grape crop promises to be a failure. Grapes are withering from the excessive heat.. Exorbitant prices are being charged for all kinds of fruit and vegetables. DENILIQUIN, Monday. One of'the hottest days experienced here this summer was yesterday. The thermometer at the local telegraph office waa 112° in the shade, but at several other places in the town the thermometer registered 118° in the shade A hot scorching wind was blowing, and even till late in the even ing the thermometer was over 100°. A slight rain fell during the night, but the only effect has been to make to-day very close and muggy. The sky is still cloudy as if more rain was coming. The thermometer to-day hs» been 101° in the shade. FORBES, Monday. The weather is terrible here to-day. The mini- mum at the post-office was 111°. in the shade. There are no signs of rain. There is much typhoid fever, and numbers of people are laid up with colonial fever. Many children, chiefly babies, are dying of the effects of the heat. GRAFTON, Monday. The weather is excessively hot. The ther- mometer registered 101°in the shade to-day and yesterday. There is no sign of a change. GOSFORD, Monday. Tho weathor is intensely hot, 105° being registered in the shade to-day. It is the hottest day on record. Rain is much needed. GRENFELL, Monday. To-day has been the hottest of the season. In some of the bedrooms the thermometer stood at 100° through the night, and rose many degrees higher to- day. There is much infant mortality. All signs of rain have vanished. HORNSBY JUNCTION, Monday. The weather is oppressively hot. The tempera- ture for the last three days was 102°, 103°, 102°, and to-day 104°, which is the hottest on record. KIAMA, Monday. To-day was the hottest this season. The tem- perature reached 117° in the shade. A southerly buster carne up at 7 p.m. IVANHOE, Monday. The heat for nine days has been terrific, the thermometer ranging from 112° to 121°. LAWSON, Monday. To-day has been the hottest day ever known in this district, the heat being registered at 101- in the shade. Walking along the road the heat wave seemed to be a furnace. LISMORE, Monday. The weather has been very hot since the new year, but no damage has resulted. Vegetation everywhere is so verdant that there is no possi- bility of bushfires. The maize crops are very luxuriant and the cane also is growing well. Pasture is very plentiful, and altogether the sea son is a very fine one. LIVERPOOL, Monday. The heat has boen intense during the past few days, and unless rain ÍB soon forthcoming it will be a poor prospeot for tho grape orop. ^ * * MENINDIE, Monday. Vtrrifio beat has been experienced, ia this dis trict for the past eight days. Many of tho sur- rounding places report as high ns 120- in tho shade, but that is probably two or threo dcgi ces higher Ulan tho truo shade. Yesterday tho rain clouds banked up, but only a fow drops of rain foil. This ovening a vory strong south-westerly wind is blowing, nnd the strong probability Í6 that tho hot weather has passed away for a timo. Tho riso in the river now passing reached Menindio from Walgett in 23 days. MOAMA, Monday. Tlio temporaturo waa 108- yostordny. MOLONG, Monday. The intonso boat of tho 1 ist weok continues to prevail hero without nny indications of a. ch.augo. Yesterday wns terribly hot, tho maximum thcr moniotor registration boing US- in the shade. Last night was the most oppievnvo oxperiencod this Minimer, the lowest reading of tlio thermometer between sunset and sumiso being 77'. To-day' tho weather is much tho same as yentorday, with the exception that tho heat is greater, tho ther- mometer registering 102- in tho shade. Reporta from the outlying parts of tho district stato that the weather daring tho past week lins boon the hottest expoienced for mnnv yours. It is having a disastrous effect, ns the crops aro fast drying up ns well as herbage. Wntor on some nins will soon givo out if min doos not fall. MOSS VALE, Monday. Yesterday and to-day wcro tho hottest over ex- perienced in this district. The cool sen broo/ei. which almost invariably come up towards ovening havo boon replaced by r.thors much warmor. Bush fires aro vory provalont round about Mitta- gong, Meryla, and other neighbourhoods. Tho splondid water supply this town has, and which is laid on at almost ovory house, is much appre- ciated. Tho supply reservoir stands tho drain on it wonderfuBy avoll, and thoro is no fo»r of its running short if thoro is no rain for months. MUDGEE, Monday. Another heat wave is passing over tho district. Tho thermometer registered about 103' ngnin yesterday. The excessive hoat is prostrating tho old people. MOUNT VICTOBIA, Monday. Rain is anxiously hoped for. Tho country is looking Tory bad. Right from tho River Lett to I Rydal thoro is not as much feed as there is in nn .average paddock at tlio foot of tho mount. Tho catUo>are also looking wretchedly poor, and the crops ajo nothing to speak of. At Rockley shoop hnvo to lio sent to another district for feed, a stato of Ulinga -that has not happened for 40 years. Yesterday aftomnon the olouds massed np, and thoro «were indications of an approaching thunder- storm ; but only a fow drops fell widely »part. iTho sun went down behind denso clouds of bush uro and smoko near Flat Rook. At night strong glares wcro visiblo in tho direction of Blackheath, Bell, and Hartley Vale Siding. MULGOA, Monday. Tho weather still continues dry und hot. The .thcrraomotor on Saturday was 101'inUto shado. Yesterday it reached 106', whilo to-day it was 113-in tho shado. Tho highest yet reached this summer was recorded. MUSWELLBROOK, Monday. Intenso heat is still prevailing. MURRUMBURRAH, Monday. Yostordny the thcrmomoter registered 101- in tho shado. Last - night was tho hottest of the season. NARRABRI, Monday. The weathor.is, again vory trying. Tho night« aro very bad, and.betwoen heat and'mosqnitoes not much sleep is to bo had. NEW ANGLEDOOL, Monday. Tho weathor is intonsoly.hot. Gross and water aro rapidly drying up, and thora is no sign of rain. NEWCASTLE, Monday. " Throughout'tho dnytho weather has been ex- cessively hot, ahnoet ipnralysing vbusiness. At 1 Velopk in'tho son tho'tliorrooinotcr stood at 117*, and', in tho shado at OS-. Bush fires aro pre- valent. NYNGAN, Monday. It is oxtrcmoly hot. Tim température was 1 IO1 ^yesterday and to-day. During the past nino days "lOO'-jto J1S- has heenircgisterod. Nnmbors are prostrated with {ho continued heat. ' Tho rainfall last year was 18-Gßin. It wns 'equal to thoAvcrngo, but half of the total foil'in the first and lost months of tho yonr. NOWRA, Monday. To-day was tho hottest day over known boro. ^Tho thermometer in the shado at the post-offiro at rhnlf-past 10 a.m was 10SJ\ At noon it had in- creased by 2J degrees. At 3 p.m. it was 113', .going up to 114"-at 3.30. Business in the town- ship was partially suspended. NYMAGEE, Monday. The thermometer registered 115- in thosbndo to-day, being 1 degree hotter than Monday last. Tlio thermometer registered 102- at tho post-oflico at 8 p.m. OBERON, Monday. I Tho weather yesterday and to-day has been oppressively hot. Tho thcrmomoter was 95' in Hie shade, which is believed to I« tho highost re- corded temporaturo hero. Bush fires aro burning .in various parts of tho district. It is not yot known whothor any damage has resulted. PARRAMATTA, Mondny. Monday was a tcrriblo day, and after tho ox 'cecdingly hot night pooplo wcro loss nblo to bear it. From oarly morn lill evoniug the sun's rays streamed down relentlessly, and tho heat, inconsé- quence of tho hot wind that wns blowing, seemed to permeate ovory nook and comer. From abnnt 10 o'clock in tho morning the thermometer ranged from 105*'to 111-. At noon a thermometer in Mr. Hugh Taylor's garden, hung up on the shady side of n largo cedar tree, registered 111' Tho boat waa so intenso that tho mon working on the new com Uiouse building woro lmorkcd off. At Gran 'villotho thormomotor registered 112' at Messrs. Brunton's flour-iaiUs. On Sunday tho boat was also intense. A cabman named Carter lost a ynlnablo .honso through sunstroke. Ho drovo to Liverpool, and on reaching that placo the horao dropped dead. PENRITH, Monday. Tho heat for 4bo last threo days has been almost unbearable, and business has altogether been 'stagnated in consequence. On Saturday tho .thermometer ranged from 100' to 107' in town, lasting nearly the wholo day, Sunday, too, wns a torriblo day. At 9 a.m., the thermometer regis- tered close upon 100', nnd through tho day tho registration wan up as high as 111'. At 5 in tho afternoon, under a cool verandah, it rogibtoied fully 100-, and varied very littlo during the wholo night. At 9 o'clock this morning tlio thcrmo- moter showed 102-, and during the day tlio reoord'stood from 10S- to 112', with a tcorching blast from tho west. If ilicro is not n chungo soon tho result will bo most sorious. No record equal to tho present can bo traced from our oldest resident. PAMBULA, Monday. Tho intense heat of'yesterday and to-day ncnrly equalled that of Saturday, the thermometer rang- ing from 90' early in tho morning to 101' during tho day in tho Bhado. The nights aro propor- tionately oppressive. Tlio oldest residents in this locality do not romomber anything uko it. Most of tho teams havo been camped during tho day, travelling only by night and oarly morning. Owing to tho vory oppressive stato of the atmos- phere sovoml of the mines havo Rgaiu been seriously troubled with foul air. Some, ovon in shallow sinking, havo had to knock off entirely. The corn eiopa in mnny instances aro alrondy complotoly spoiled. Rain is just commencing. TAREES, Monday. Intonsoly hot weather still prevails, and there nro no indications of a ohango. The outlook for water is becoming very serious, ns tlio town water supply is an absoluto munro. The con- tinued absonco of rain is causing the supply from tlio house tanks to run out, and tho wells in the creek are also giving out. Siokncss is very pre- valent, and thoro aro a number of cases of typhoid. Tho only water availnblo for stock on tho common is a very small Bupply in two dams at the south sido of tho town. Tho Now Bushmun's Company is vory busy onlorging thoir already largo reser- voir, which is dry. Thoy have about 50 men employed nt tho mino, and another 100 will bo em- ployed when tho water supply is available. Tho other mines aro hnmpcrcd by tho water famine. The thermometer reached 10S- to-day. There is no gross or feed on the common, and it is very scarce in tho paddocks. Tho stock on Bartle)-'» Creok run havo been removed, ns thero is no water in tlio tanka. A special sorvtce for rain is an- nounced to bo hold in the Church of England on Wednesday next. RAYMOND TERRACE, Monday. Yosterday the glass went up to 104-, and to- day to 106-. RYLSTONE, Monday. ' The ayoatner is iatauely hot, and bush fires are raging nil over the district Tlio damago dono to tho cemetery by tho fires is moro soi ions than w as al iii st anticipated Threo sides of tho f i nee w ei o demolished, and a publie meeting his been called for tho pin poso of raising funds to erect a now fence Numbers of the 'ombttones hnvo been in- jured, and tho bin ml ground presents a charred mid forlorn appearance ROBERTSON, Monday Tlio heat to da) vi as intenso Tho oftu ml loading of the fhctmomolor at the post ollie« was 102 in the shnde A 1 ot wind w ns blowing, and nt 7 o'clock this ovenuig it was 9G SCONE Monday The heat continues Yestorday tho theni.omotor registered 105 in a cool plnce, nnd to-da) leachod 110 m tho hospital verandah, which is von shad). SPRINGWOOD, Monday Tbo excessiv o heat of the past few days cidmi nitcd to-dav, when 101 in tho shudo w is regis- tered Tins topped the i coord ST MARYS, Monday Yesterday the theiiiioiuetci registered 110 in tho Blindo, being tho highest n corded for mini loirs It vins 109 nt 11 i ni to dm Bushfire« aro raging throughout tho dis.net TARLL, Monda) Intonso heat lins prevailed during the past week to-dia was the hottest of nil, being 107 m tho shade Crops aro looking well, but rain is required TENTERFIELD, Monday To day is tho hottest this summer, tho thcr momiter registering 103 in tho shadi TAMWORTH, Monday The boat continues to bo intonso It "was 102 yesterday, and 107 at midday to- dny , it was 94 at 10 pin WAGGA, Monda) To-day was the most oppressive felt since tho sotting in of tho hent-wnvo Tho ofiicml register was 112 in tho shado, but this avns exceeded m other places Last nijht tho bent was ns gi cat ns during tho da), rendering sleep impossible Numbers of persons nie prostrated through tho effect of tho weather Tho scaroif) of vatcr is becoming a causo of complaint m tbo district Tins oiening tho sk) boenmo clouded, and a slight showei foil, but onlv continued for a fow minutes The atmosphere was moro oppressive nftorwirds During tho past two days a hot wind has been blowing, and it still continues Wl Sr MAITLAND, Monda) The ivoather to-di) wns the holtest oxponenced for )cars At uoon tho thermometer showed 100 m the shudo, with a liol westcilv wind blowuig Tho crops m tho surrounding district aro suftorintr severelv from tho continued boat WILCVNMA, Mondnv Tlio terrific lient eont mues At C o'clock this morning the thermometer recorded 108 m tho ?.hide, nt noon 112 , mid at t o'cloik US , boing the highest recorded 1 ho temperature in the shops varied from IOS to 111 Lasi, night was terribly oppiessiio mid sultry, and the thcr momo*er wns novel 1 elovv 101 nil ni^hf The average heat in the ihndo for tho past nine dnv s was 112 Much sukti ss is nboiit, cpcei lill amongst child-on, Ihrough the best Oneiomig ledi is d iiigerouslv ill from sunstroke Reports from AVhito Cliffs state (hit the bent duriiii' flic week was almost inibearnbh, the tlurnioinetcr ranging from 111 to ! 20 m the shnde WOLLONGONG, Monda) Tho heat to day was intense, tbo wind blowing ns hot as if coming from a lurnacc At noon the thermometer logisteiol 110 in the #>h ido Bush tires aro riging in nil directions, doing great d linnhe to glass mid teniin/ A largo lire started this morning on Osbomc's-hill, ne ir (he township, and spreid npidlv over un eV nsivo i-ea, con- suming oven vc^ti-reo! vigctahon It oxtcntled into tho Riman Cithobo Chun li of 1 u0lnnd, and Congregationnl c(nioteries, where it did consider- able dnmage It is still I uriung furtouslv, and is evirv thing is K> dry it will bo somo tamo before it burns itself out Tlio tow i is dependent for its w iter supplv upon underground wells an 1 tan! s, man) of which uro exhausted, lind water is now being drawn from the »wami» to tho soi th of the town, but tho quillt) is not ver) gool Tile grass upon tho farms is almost complete1) burul up, and i uni) of tho farmeis have to drive ilieir eiltlo eoiisidcinble distances for wate- Cinrcqi ont upon this the Vieldof milk is not half what it would bo with a favourable seaton UiOcis a hoavy fall of rain tnkos placo before lone: tho conscqucuccs will be most di»--'to is »o tb" dt«tr t \OUNG, Mond.iv Tlio vi eather to div lins lie n exceptionallv hot Tlio Post-odico therm míete i vc-tordiv recorled 10G in tho tell ide, and to d i) it w is ns high ns JOb Bilung la=t night the re¿r »ti ifious wcio ver) high, tho low .-' being b2 There is littlo indieatunoi a cli-n '« Tho Wriiffe Hci I of SiturJiy last sais - Yosfer lay was another vor) hot dav, but fortunatel) thiso depressing westorl) winds which »oro experi- enced cai lier in tlio vv cok w ero consiilcrabl) mo bticd At 9 n ni tho mcrcur) recor led 80 m the shado at li o cloc'. it went up to SO and at about ]ijlf-iia*t ¡ it roache 1 09 un 1er tie veraidah of tho Gi oat Northern Hotel, in \\\ att street With tho excep- tion of Monday last, when tho record was 102 this bent is equal to the highest previouslv attained this binn mor. Hie other ocasión when tlio rnercurv reached 09 nas on tho Cth Docunibcr Atnbout > p m ye-ilcrJay a slight sotithctl) broe.j> nprniif up This so far cooled tho atmosphere that at 11 o clock tbo mercury ha 1 receded to 7>> It was raining at Uosford when tho mail train pissed through at about 8 o'clock Ïho míense boat of ths past week baa resulted in tho oatbreak of n largo bush firo at Hexham rho ilatn"3 oro oepposcd to have caught tho bl 'li íeoás m that low-lvtng, snvrap) countrj close to tim Iluiilor Uiver though no dofmito information w ia av nil ablo at the tuno of vvn mp last night, it was slated by a troop"! who lind passed Hexham at 0 o'clock tint suv oral acres w ero nbla70 1 bo smoke was sweeping ov ei Wall on 1 in intenso clouds tho whole da) Ion, llio Htm i llajgi 1 j-prrss of Saturday last says -The bent of tho pant fow dnys continuod on Thursday, tho ataudard registration m tho shado upon that day being 107 degrees Towards ovonmg n bank of clouds appeared m tho western ski, which npread ns th- iu¿lit advancod After sundown tho hoat ivas oxcodiufl) oppressive, lightning occurring until eli) break Between 11 and 1-' o'clock a draletorin from the west made matters moro unple isant, ns tho u uggv heat ti inch then pre- vailed did not (YercTe Hie wind veered round to the Donth, «lid during tho remainder of tho night wann winds p cvniU.1 Yot- rln/ morning tlio boat wna vcrj opi revive the «kj betokening a downfall of rim A foy spots fill bet» con I and 1 o'clock, ind juit bolero noon somo bjmt tho« ors gavoptointso of a Irak m tbo we thor iJioce continued du-mg tbo afternoon, when tho tempera- tura i as poamdonl 1) reduce 1 \ostorda)'s maxi- mum boat regulation was 01 dofroes m tho shade Lu^o voluniOB of water in tho couutrj aiotricls havo cvapontcd nnd n gool downpour is much uocded by the f timers and othcis for tlio purposo of watering rtocl 