LETTERS IN BRIEF. ' j Lionel E. Shields, Esperance.— Although very fl much disappointed at not seeing his name fk > among the prize-winners, was very pleased at / being piatced as highly commended. He , 1 writes to say he Is sending a small parcel , i, „ n!,oran -in tha Surrey Hills Home. S and he hopes all the little children had a merry Christmas. Albert Gladman, who is ten years of age, and lives at Tennyson, writes to say they have been very ill with Influenza. His father got 103 bags of wheat this year. Some people never got any at all. They are having very dry weather, and will soon have to draw water for the cattle and horses. Harriet Robinson, who is only seven years < of age, is another new niece. She is living in ' Benalla, which she thinks is a very nice ptace. j She has a brother Alfred, who is three jears old, and one sister. They have had a number of bush-fires about there ; Harriet, thinks they - are very nice. She likes reading the Young J Folk's page very much. '1 Dear Aunt Connie,— This is the second time I -have written to you. I was very glad when I saw my letter in tlie paper. We take ine Weekly Times." The season Is very dry now. and the cows are not giving much milk. We are milking 64 cows, and only four milkers. Wo a walk two miles and a half. My little b: Alfred, three years old, went to school twico When he went to school the second Ume he g went to sleep when we were in school, ana j one of the little boys woke Utm up, and hewas | very crabby, and said he would not go to J school any more. Our teacher is Miss Stngl- | ton. The name of our school ,IS .BldoVC r,e!l: I because it is built on the Blind Creek . Ias t | Christmas I went to stop, at Golding s for a . week, but they are all m trouble no. ! they have lost their auntie and E.ster Fatmj, and nearly all are crying for poor Fanny, cause she was such a jolly girl. I am cr> ing. too. With kind love. I remain, your loung niece, Charlotte Robinson, aged nine. Janet Crockett, aged twelve years. to , thers and herself walk three miles toschooK I me from Longwood. She Bays it is a v®y P ty place, surrounded by bills. Her two br She has three sisters, whose names are_ Ann Eva, and Ena. Her brothers names are leter. and David. Father has been taking lne Weekly Times" for about ten years. C. F. Henley, Tanti road, Mornington. that influenza itas been prevalent .in the tow n ship. The superintendent of their Sunaay school has it very severely, and C.F. s sl ier Auum >\€t» oeuv Flora Murfett, of Deep Lead, writes that her brother caught a little parrot. She has a big doll that her brother gave her when she was staying at his place for three weeks. They have moved to Newington, near Deep Leed, and she likes the place very much, and it is very thick with trees. Michael Curran, who lives at Ptmplnio. and is eleven years old, says that the cu"tFy about there Is very dry. Ptmpinio is a rail way station near Horsham. There is a liote , a store, and a butter factory. They milk .eigh teen cows, and send their milk to the fa tory. The school is about one mile off, ana tie is in tlie fifth class. A little girl, only seven years old, namea Christina Munro, who lives at Under Nortn, with her grandmother, writes to tell nte tna i she has got a pet magpie. She has four bro thers and one sister and she has three mites to go to-school: . , Nellie Biggins, of Doupewarrou, who is ten this month, writes to say that she lives in t no parish of Awonga, between Goroke ana kaen- hope. She has three sisters and two brothers, Lizzie. Daisy, and Maggie; Johnny and Arthur. She has one goat, which had three kids last August. , Rhoda Ransom, who is eight years of age, and lives at Buckranbanyule, likes the Young Folks' page very much. She has three sisters and one brother: their names are Ruby. Murlel and Maud ; and Herbert. Her mother has a parrot, a Loon, and it is a very nice talker. Muriel has a Rosella, and Rhoda has a little dog, named Prince. „ „ Selina Martin lives at Salt Lakes. Pf" pie have been taking "The Weekly Times a , long time, and she likes reading the Young Folks' page. She has two pets, a little dog, named Toby, and a little pony, named RuDy, and she often goes for a ride. 