OUR LETTER BOX. A Great Secret. — Porcupine Ridge, 15th November. — Dear Uncle Ben, — You will think mo ungrateful in not writing sooner to acknowledge my beautiful prize, which arrived safely; but I know i you will forgive me when I tell you the | reason. Since I last wrote, mother has j been very ill, and we children have been i very busy helping father. Mother went to j Daylesford for a month, and Jessie kept | house, and we ail had to help. We are | milking nineteen cows, hut we do not , need to cut green-stuff now, as there is plenty of grass, and the crops are look ing well. Our big chestnut horse (Bob) died very suddenly. Father thinks he must have been bitten by a snake. Wal ter wrote a letter to mother telling her about it, but father would not let him send it, as he said mother was too ill to be worried. Poor Walter had a good cry ovc-r it. The sheep are shorn now, and look so white and pretty. Father brought mother home on Friday, but she is not very strong yet, so we don't let her come to milk. Mother laughs, and says she is pensioned off now. She said she was so proud of the good reports of her little soldiers when she was away from home. By the way, Uncle Ben, we have something new in our house, but Louie wants to write and Tell Aunt Connie all about it. She said I musn't even tell you whether it's a he, she, or it. Father says it lias good lungs, anyhow. Can you guess what it is? Good-bye, Uncle Ben, I must get away to wash the milk cans, so with much love to Aunt Connie and all my cousins, believe me, your af fectionate nephew, — Davie Russell. fl wonder if 1 shall guess aright.Davie, I will have three guesses. My first is, that it is a, pretty "little Australian Love Bird. My next guess is, that it is a dear little Native Companion. And my third — well, your father says it has good . lungs— then perhaps it is another of the favorite Glenlyon Bower Birds. Ask Louie to let Aunt Connie know which "it" is. — Uncle Ben. We Are Twelve. — Cosgrove, 8th No vember.— Dear Uncle Ben, — This is the first time I have written to you. I am ten years old, and in the higher fourth, I go to Cosgrove school, about half a mile from here. Cosgrove is a pretty township, surrounded by hills and vine yards. I had a pet Dei went, I was very sorry to see it dead this morning. I have six sisters and five brothers. There is a crusher alongside the railway, crushing stones for the Shepparion streets. It takes two engines to work it; My brother Jim feeds it. The jaw came out on Saturday as Mr Guider, the owner of the crusher, was melting load. Some went right up into the air and fell down on the men. - Some fell on me too and burnt my shoulder. I had a garden fork run right through my foot. Will you please send me a collecting card. The people round here are very kind. There was cricket on Saturday between Caniambo and Cosgrove. 1 am glad to say that the cosgrove team won by an innings and 4 runs. I will conclude with love, to you and Aunt Conie. — I remain, your affectionate nephew, Lewis Pater- son. A Pony and a Garden. — Howqun Vale, Oct. 31, 1897.— Dear Aunt Connie,— The weather is very dry at present, and rain is needed. A young man living near out place got four of his fingers .cut off by a cliaff cutter. Another man was chop ping wood when the axe slipped and cut four of his toes nearly off, and the doctor had to take them off. Since I wrote last, our teacher (Mr M'Kee) has gone away, and now we have a lady teacher named Miss Walters, and we like her very much. The crops about these parts are looking very well, and we have a good many acres in. I have a pony and saddle, and I am learning to ride. Maudie and I have a garden of our own, and we have a lot of pretty flowers in it. I cannot say more at pre sent, and must conclude with love to Cousins Connie and Florrie, not forget ting yourself and Uncle Ben. 1 re main, your affectionate niace,— Ada Gar th waite. A Well Written Letter. — Welshpool, 4tli November, 1897. — Dear Aunt Connie, — I have written to you before, and as iny letters l-.ive always been printed, I thought that I should like to write one for the prize competition, and I hope that it will be worthy of publication. My father has taken "The Weekly Times" for over twenty years, and I think that he will continue to do so. I am very fond of reading. My favorite authors are Miss Ethel Turner and Evelyn Eve rett Green. I always read the stories in "The Weekly Times," and find them very interesting. The forest is looking nice now as there are so many wild flowers in bloom. The wattle-blossom is all gone, but the clematis lias come to take its place, and the plain between our place and Welshpool is covered with different colored flowers, principally heath, may, and lilies, and many other kinds that I do not know the names of. I have for pets a tortoise-shell eat and a lamb. I think that cats are the very best kind of pets that you can have. I used to pet a nice old cow, who was about fifteen years old, but she died about a month ago. Her name was Tiney, but it did not suit her at all, as she was a very big cow. I am petting another cow now. I go to school, which is about two miles from here, and the track is very muddy, as it rains so much here. Our teacher's name is Mr Fen- ton. My favorite studies are arithme tic, reading and history. I think that my letter is long enough, so I will conclude with love to Uncle Ben, Cousins Connie and Florrie, not forgetting yourself. I remain, your affectionate little niece,— Eva Reid. . A Camp in a Hollow Tree.— Werona, 8th November, 1897. — Dear Uncle Ben, The crops around here are looking splendid, and so also is the grass. What a contrast it is to this time last year. It must be awful up in the Mallee where there is no rain. We have had delightful rains here, but could do well with more. The Deep Creek on which Werona is situated has been up very high lately, and Kneale's Falls, on a small tributary of Deep Creek, are now magnificent. The falls look just beautiful when the sun is shining on the spray, which shows all the colours of the rainbow. About them is a bit of the wildest scenery for miles round. It is my idea of "Picturesque Victoria." Snakes are very numerous about here this season. One of our dogs, a little terrier, has found two or three out, but wisely does not try to kill them. He barks till somebody comes to his assistance. These reptiles are dangerous customers where there are a lot of young children running about, and cause a deal of anxiety to mothers, but no matter how many are killed they don't seem any nearer being extermi- nated. Father killed one yesterday— a good five feet of him, too. The terrier found it out. There is an old man goes past here sometimes. I daresay Cousins Russell have seen him. I think he goes that way. Instead of blankets he carries a great bundle of rags, which has frightened more than one horse. There is a hollow tree in our bush paddock near the road, which he has rigged up as a camping place. He has a bull's-wool bed in it. Bull's-wool is stringy bark rubbed till it gets quite soft," and I don't suppose it would make a bad mattress at all. I think that was a nice little bit of poetry in the "Young Folks' " page this week about "Two Little Girls in Blue." It seemed so lifelike. Wishing you and Aunt Connie "health, wealth, and prosperity, — I remain, dear Uncle Ben, your affectionate nephew, James J. Hurley. A Young Politician. — Eskdale, 16tli Nov., 1S97. — Dear Uncle Ben, — There has been a flood since I wrote to you last. My uncle Arch, got his leg caught in a chaff- cutter, and was very miich hurt. My father is working a reef. We were cray-fishing on Thursday, and caught three. My father is fond of them. We Avere all glad (o hear that Mr Craven got returned to Parliament. There have been some excellent reefs found. I will conclude with love to Cousins Connie and Florrie, Aunt Connie and yourself.— I re main, your nephew, Wm. John Druni- mond. She Likes Melbourne. — Ruby, 18th November, 1897. — Dear Aunt Connie, — I am sending in my collecting card by my mother. The result of my collecting is LI Is 9d. I am sorry that I kept my card so long, but I was away for a week in Melbourne, and could not collect. 1 wish I could go back again. I shall be ten on the 27th of this month. I am still in the third class at school. I am sorry that I could not collect more. I take great interest in the Young Folks' Page. My youngest sister will be two years old on the 24th of next March; There is a lot of maiden-hair fern growing about. We have a lot of pretty roses out. There are some lovely Cloth of Gold roses. I have got my certifi cate yet, and I think it is very pretty. In the autumn there are a lot of mush rooms about everywhere. I remain, your loving niece, Renate Matthies. I think you have done well, Renate. You have only had your card a little over a month. Some children have kept their cards over a year, and I am still waiting for them to return them, with the money thev " fl -the Children's Hospital »tCd tr" fl u,lt <-oniut j . Would " Lite to Travel — n fl Creek, near Caniperdown v, , 'fock's fl 1897\. Dear Aunt Connie 1 a,?" fl back- my collecting card. wi'," I ount collected, LI 8« i - e sni- names of all the kind peol.r ,ng the 1 .me something. I liked i-.L'tnL ?- Sav 1 Eirene Kerr's letter fr,Jm n,,,!'?., ,Usin I much. It must be Vcrv r", v,;'ry I about like she has done" 9 would like to go to Eiiglaiii an.l%n.\I I land. I went down to Lake BuIU-n \\\ 'l -I on the Prince of Wales' Bin'idav ri'"1 1 sie, Ella and Mabel V-,g I cousin and myself all walked !o ;ir I in the morning, and we took lunch , I us, and after we had hH(l n , ' I on the banks of the lake v.-.. Hr, ,n"'J I paddle in the water. We waikr.i f a 1 again in the afternoon, afi,-.r havi,?"1' I very, enjoyable day. I ward to going down again some dav u 1 is about three miles from here W J , I ther Percy's Birthday was on 1 November. We had a. children" 1 in the afternoon. He was wrv luckv if I having such a nice day, as it" had ij 1 raining for nearly a week before Ou", 1 "flower garden has been looking v. iv lately. Although I have noi writu'n "> 1 a. long time I have been reading all i'L I "Young Folks' " page over;,- w---k. u,". j have been taking "The Weekly TjinJ' I for over twenty years. J do iiot gr/t0 j school now, as I have a good lot of work to do at home. We are milking bis emvs now, and they expect to hay ahou; -.() more in about a fortnight. 1 do no, niiil- any cows, but 1 have to get -j,.. ni,.al j while they are milking. h-,v- r,a,i - both Dessie Vagg's prize bonks, which she got for the best bush-fire -ty in u,.» "Young Folks'" page. Thy ale both very ntce books; such nice reading in them. There was a play b-M in <;am- perdown last night. It was f-mitlc-d in Town. My eldest sister ntnl br,,,y,n. went. They said it was a-yr-il s|d,.n.l! p ly. I did not go, as I thought was going to be very wet. Dear Aunt Con nie, — As I have never trie.l for ;h j iize competitions before, I thought th-ie would be no harm in Irving for -.his competition, if my letter is good enough to be published. We have 1 von kens ' laying now, and two turkeys. 1 utr b ns are chiefly Minorcns and .-'.nikibaai!. We have one Plymouth Rock; sir- is very old now, and is blind in i-iv- , \v. Well, dear Aunt Connie. 1 think I have told you all the news. I will el- s - with best love to Uncle Ben. cousins t'.>nvre and Florrie, and accept the snm- your self." I remain your loving nice--,— lo belia Matthews. (A nice collection, Isabel. T am glad j you found ail the people so kind. -At;;. t i Connie.) Collected by Isabel 'Matthews f t i!i.- Hilt- , dreti's Hospital.— J.C.M.. 3s: fa-her. Annie 'Bradley, G. Morris; and F.W., 2s II. J Matteluvs, J. Crowe, Mrs Maid .vs. Morris, E. Gillinp.liam, A. T. li I inson, J. Matthews. G. Ibpiicy. I. 11. Wii- I liambs, Cash, H.A.E.. and Myself, Is each; Percy, Mr Webb. Walter Muri-. Mrs Howard, Elsie Xew, and Frciu -h. '"i -el) : Poverty, Sid: Winkers and Rola Kuai. 51 ; and Hard-up, Id; total, 1.1 Ss. Collected by Renate Matthtc:--, Itphy. -Pul.."5; J. Gunderscn, 2s lid; Ruby, Alf. Jarrar. Mo'lur, SLoney, Cuimuiug. R. Varlev. A. Jjrrutt. !!. Laver, F. Fidge, Is each: Con.. H. H. Har.iun, Hopeful, H.H., SaJhuel Cole, and Mr Harper, Cd each; A Friend, f,d: Myself. 3 el: III 'aer, 3d; Sister, Id; Hard- up. Hid: Uld Man, uiM Friend, 3d each; total. LI Is 9d. 