HOBART BONDED WARE- HOUSE. ^ ii ? .. ? A HEAVILY - STOCKED ESTABLISH MENT. WHISKEY THE POPULAR LIQUOR. fBs E.P.D.1 By hook or by crook Tasmania has to ex traot through the Customs, for govern- mental expenses and the repayment of borrowed money with interest, about £300,000 a year. And in connection with this universal system of revenue colleotion the Bonded Warehouse play a a prominent part. It is there that articles are lodged or retained in bond until the payment of any revenue duties charge- able thereon are paid, whilst such payments increase the prices paid for them to tho con- sumer, and bo it is the consumer, and not the importer, that really pays the im- port duty. This fact has evor been the hardest nut for the protectionist to crack, and he never has cracked it. He has only jigged round it. If the payment of the duty is deferred by the commodity being retained in bond until taken into con- sumption, interest of money and ware- housing have to be added to the price to the consumer. Again, the quantities on which tho duty is paid will usually be in excess of those sold for consumption at a profit. This gives rise to another necessity for increasing the prioe to the consumer. A quantity of goods arrives upon which the importer does not desire to pay duty on landing. He passes an entry for the Bonded Warehouse. The goods are then examined, quantities and measurements determined, bonded marks are fixed, and the warehousing is completed. When delivery is required for what is called " home consumption " that is, consumption within the colony the duty is paid to the Customs, and an entry is given the importer to pro- ceed to the Bonded Warehouse for the goods. Rents have to be paid annu- ally for the goods warehoused, and all goods have to be cleared or rewarehoused within three years. But in the case of the " Queen's warehouse " branch of the estab- lishment, as will be explained later on, the goods have to be claimed and taken out within six months. . The old, stern-looking quadrangular pile of buildings lying between lower Macquarie street and the Victoria ' Dock, and which, to a casual observer, looks like a second edition of Campbell-street gaol, is the Bonded Warehouse in connection with the port of Hobart. It ii a building with a history, having been reared in the stern old days of the colony, as the Imperial com- missariat stores, with walls of great thickness, as though intended to stand till ,the crack of doom. Here were the grain stores which were continuously being drawn upon for the prisoners and the little army of officials, whilst some of the grain was often doled out to new settlers as seed to start corn growing. The Imperial authorities sur- rendered the premises to the Tasmanian Government on the acquisition of Home Rule for the island. Until the duty is paid, the wine and the whiskey, tobacco, drapery, or of whatever description the goods may be, must remain within those ponderous doors and thick walls. Packages are sometimes detained for long periods, from one cause or unother, and occasionally till they are much deteriorated, or until the warehouse charges and duty amount to more than they are worth. Mr. Miles Coverdale, the Bonded Ware houso-keeper, and Mr. R. C. Oldham, the senior landing waiter, were found In the office, and granted tbe writer permission to " look round," piloted by Mr. W. Plane, the head storeman, who has been in the Services many years, and has a fund of knowledge of incidents and practices connected with the place. With keys in hand, and a thorough acquaintance of the inmost recesses of the darkest corners of the cellars and what they contain, he showed the way through narrow alleys and labyrinthine passages, amid stacks of valuable merchan- dise, but with casks of beer, porter, spirits, and wine apparently more in evidence than anything else. A no more soboring sermon could bo preached to Sir Wilfrid Lawson and his followers than the cynical side thrusts of the storeman as he perambulates among the piles of liquors stowed away in these great cellars. Some of the merchants have private bonds within the building, entrance into which is only available when the tenant and the warehousekeeper put in an appearance together, each with a key. The institution of private bonds greatly contributes to the increase of merchandise bonded, as well as to facilitating the whole- sale business generally. On the first door were found the goods awaiting the payment of ad valorem duty. The quantity just now is very small, for in these days of quicker transit and keen competition it docs not pay to bond ad valorem goods. Still it is a department of work whioh is altvayB a source of considerable trouble and anxiety to tho Customs, but inseparable from modern Customs business. The tea be- longing to the smaller importers in the public bond was not found to be large, but there were some 30,030 1b. of tobacco, cigars, and cigarettes in this portion of the building, and about the same quantity in the private bonds. The greater portion of the tobacco imported into Tasmania seems to come from American manufacturers, such as Cameron, Dunlop, and Williams) but Wills' (Bristol) good old English tobaccos, and especially their cigarettes, are shown by the returns to be' rapidly increasing in public favour throughout the colony. And the same thing is said to hold good in the other colonies. From a return showing the storage of goods in the Bonded Warehouse at Hobart alone (there are aimilar ware- houses at Launceston and Devon- port) during 1895, the following prinoipal items upon which specific duties are payable are extracted-molasses and glucose, rice, preserves, wines, spirits, and malt liquors, vinegar, tobacco, salt and salt- petre, malt, tea. coffee, chicory (more chicory than coffee), pepper, spices, candles, starch, linseed meal, kerosene oil, and paints. As has already been intimated, the malt liquors, spirits and wines take up a great deal of storage room, We first entered a partitioned off slice of the cellarage devoted to the re- quirements of John Barleycorn-all im- ported ales and porter. Next a temple of Bacchus was reached, with wines and cham- pagne galore, and then the guide and the writer roamed among the spirit casks and the spirits io bottlles-rum, gin, brandy and whiskey-remaining in bond in various stages of maturity, and the whole place redolent with liquor, just as another part of the building gave out not unpleasant smells of tobacoo. Homer in his "Odyssey" speaks of the magic potion, to-called, which, for the nonce, made people forget their sorrows and misfortunes, producing a,respite from self and banishing pains and troubles ; but, consonant with the march of aoienoe, know- ledge, and this fin de siècle age, the liquor consuming public are continually becoming more exaoting aa to the quality of their drinks, for their stomach's sake. The days have gone by when something akin to tbaanoient inflam- mable liquors obtained by distillation, and concocted with a notion of bottled imps, can be produced for consumption. The successful blending of whiskeys, especially, is a matter of great skill. To secure a particular flavour the best whiskeys of many different distilleries are mixed together in the most careful fashion, and so with brandies of different importations. The art of produc- ing a palatable and acceptable whiskey consists of knowing the qualities of the spirit from different distilleries, tbe propor- tion of grain and malt in them, and how to mix these in suoh a way as to suit the public taste. The compositions of these blendings are treated at trade secrets, and are as closely guarded as the concoction of a patent medicine or the 'facts of a Cabinet quarrel. "Judging by what comes in here," said the guide, " whiskey it continually becoming a more favourite drink. Brandy is not consumed so largely as it was-" There are many causes which contribute to this result, There is a very general belief that whiskey helps to kill the abominable typhoid germ when it finds a lodgment in the stomach, and is regarded as the most wholesome of all the spiritnous. liquors. In Sydney, during the hot weather, it it said that those who are severely pestered with the mosquitoes find it convenient to drink whiskey before going to bed, as it has the »fleet of soon making the little r**to ali f Mftt." French brandy, save of exceptional quality, has fallen into discredit. Brandy and soda has partially surrendered to whiskey and soda, whiskey and lime-jutce, and whiskey and water. The pbylloxora and other vine diseases have in- jured the material for the production of an unadulterated brandy at a reasonable price. Juniper rum has its isolated admirers, hut it is not in general use except on board ship, whilst gin can scarcely be said to be popular among any but the lower strata. On the other hand, good whiskey, Scotch or Irish, according to taste, is a drink rapidly rising in favour among those 'who touch ardent spirits in any form of dilution. Its votaries are undoubtedly inarcasing as compared with those who consume .'other spirituous liquors, many of whom, it may be supposed, express sentiments of the style of tho Scotch bard when ho sang Oh whiskey! soul o plays nnd pranks, Accept a bardie's grateful thanks! When wanting theo, what tuneless cranks Are my poor verses. In the course of a chat with the officers much that was interesting waa learnt about their examination and testing of these spirits, which is mainly done with the aid of Sykes' hydrometer and thermometer, the standard instruments for the purpose all over the empire. The import duty is 15s per gallon on spirits of any sort, with no allowance for under proof, Wines 6s. per gallon in the wood, and 8s. in bottle ; champagnes and sparkling wines, 10a.; and imported alea and porter in bottles, Is. Cd. per gallon. For the purpose of collecting the duty, proof spirit is based on a calculation of 100 parts of alcohol to every 81'82 parts of water, at a temperature of 60 deg. Fall. But the strength of the spirit can be taken at any temperature that is not excessively high or exceptionally low without any material de- parture from absolute correctness. When the proportion of alcohol in the spirit is greater than the above, it is recorded as over-proof, and when less as under-proof. It is remarkable that when alcohol and water are combined, the mixture has only a spécific gravity of 175*25, or 6'50 lesa than the total weight of the substances when sepa- rated. This is due to the admixture of alcohol and water causing a contraction in volume, and perhaps partly accounts for the extraordinary capacity some old topers who evolve metsoric noses and bushfire faces have for containing such liquor. . " Ah, well, if the liquor seller can't cheat the revenue officers, you cannot deny that they often cheat the poor toper, for there's a lot of bad whiskey about, was a remark the writer hazarded to one of the officials. " I think I may answer you," he rejoined, " in the words of the old Highlander who said, ' There's guid whuskey ' an' there's better whuskey, but there canna be bad whuskey.'" "After all, it strikes one's common sense that it all depends where the whiskey comes from," I remarked. There is a story told of another Highlander who was a great specialist in making toddy. Most waters in Scotland he found were very good for making toddy in the proportion of one glass of whiskey to one of water. But during a visit to Perthshire he came upon a loch that made the best toddy of all, because one glaas of water from it oould stand two glasses of whiskey. " I can tell you a better one than that," rejoinod my friend. " I once heard of a Son of the Mist who declared that wan glass o' watter an' wan glass o' whuskey maka ferry good grog ; but wan glass o' whuakey and wan glass o' whuakey maka better." The last available printed returns of goods received through the Customs are for the year 1895. They show that there were im- ported into Tasmania that year 60,004gal. of spirits, valued at £15,984. Since 1891, which was the time when things were booming, there has, however, been a great falling off in the consumption of alcoholic liquors, due no doubt to tho reduced power of the people to purchase such luxuries. The returns also plainly indicate that the con- sumers have more resorted to the use of Tasmanian brewed ale and beer, for the out- put of these has not decreased in anything like the same ratio as has the consumption of other drinkables. In 1891 the quan- tity of imported spirituous liquors was 105,081gal" " against the GO 004gal, in 1S95. The statistics for the yoars 1891 to 1895 also reveal the fact that whilst the consumption of brandy, gin, and rum has very greatly decreased, whiskey moro than holds its own, when the gonoral shrinkage in consumption is allowed for. A larger quantity of it is consumed than of any other spirit. In 1891 the quantity of brandy imported was 24,478çal., but which fell to ll,351gat. in 1895. The quantity of gin has fallen in the same period from 16,525gal. to 8 835gal., whilst whiskey hos dropped from 36 269gal. in 1891 to 20,523¿al. in 1S95. The figures for the other years with respect to whiskey are-1892, 28,087gal.; 1893, 10,490gal.; and 1894, 20,125^1. Sinoo 1895 it has increased, but the exact figures are not available. The quantity of imported wines has, in the same period, dropped from 31,154gal. to ll,525gal.; imported ales and porter, from 99,657gal. to 31,042gal. Ale and beer produced locally in 1891, l,386,145gal., less exports (which repre- sented 2,000gal. to 3,000gal.), and in 1895, l,103,400gai. The importation of tobacco, cigarettes, and cigars between those years dropped from 327,7651b. to 317,6761b. The last part of the Bonded Warehouse that was visited is called the "Queen's warehouse," and therein goods remain six months only. They are taken there in con- sequence of no entry being passed on land- ing by the importer. At the end of six months, unless cleared or properly bonded, they are sold. Before that step ia actually taken they are advertised to be disposed of, and then the claimant generally turns up. The piles of goods in this part of the huge premises are of a very varied character, and cannot but be regarded as standing monu- ments of the unbusinesslike habits of the parties concerned, Taken as a whole, there is much to be seen and mnch food for reflection at the Hobart Bonded Warehouse. For one thing, the visitor is forcibly reminded of the multi- plicity of human wants, as well as struck with the extent of the frailty of human nature with respect to the use of stimulants, narcotics, or sedatives and sumptuous living. 