THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS. A correspondent writes:—"Wo unfortu nately know that immense tracts of farming country in the North are past, all help for this season, and the wail of the producer will ho more bitter than ever. What iB now of imme diate concern is, how are the more favoured localities, from which we expect to draw our food supplies, standing the stress of terrible weather we have been experiencing of late? Bclalio deservedly stands high as a wheat growing district, and from observations made under favourable conditions I am pleased to say that, with ordinary woatber from now on to harvest the returns will be fairly profitable to the growors. It is not an uncommon sight to boo paddocks of wheat standing from 2 ft. 6 in. to 3 ft. G in. high out in head, and apparently filling well. There are a few better than this, but such will be cut for hay. I havo inspected the crop on the farm of the Hon. W. Russell, M.L.C., which, in spite of the dry weather, ib looking remarkably well. This, tho obliging pro prietor informs me, he attributes to the bene fit of seed-drills, as nearly all the wheat on this farm was drilled in this year, and in one place where experiments were tried with and without artificial manures the difference is most marked, the track of tho machine, being clearly defined in the height and general ap Eearance of tho orop. Mr. Russell is a great eliever in the drill, and is a farmer of the right stamp. Another paddock I saw con tained one of the best, and at the saine time one of the worst, crops on the plain. The best end was fallowed in the winter, and was put in with a drill, and now stands about 3 ft. 9 in. high, a pretty sight, and tho other end of the same paddock was ploughed in the summer and sown broadcast, and is only about 10 in. high, and is not likely to ho worth reaping. One crop I saw deserves special mention. It is on one of the blocks exchanged from Mr. Maslin for rough country, and it is a perfect picture. I wont through about 100 acres standing about 5 ft. high, and as tho mower went through it to cut roads for tho roauor it was one of the finest-looking crops one could wish to see. Tho rest of the crop was put in with the seed-drill, and is also looking very well, standing fully 3 ft. 6 in. high, beauti fully developed, and promises to yield hand some returns. As this was not put in till June 10 it olearly proves what the country could produce under favourable conditions, with some little artificial stimulus, as shown in tins case. Tho holder of this block de serves groat praise for the thoroughness with which everything about the place is carried on. Talcing a review of this district generally from Mannanarie as the northern end and Spalding to the south, and/embracing Oali towie to the west and the Belalie plain to th£ east, there will be an abundanoe of hay, and if we can Qnly get say half ah inch of ram the wheat average ought to be fully 10 bushels. Even without rain the result should be pay able." TELOWIE, Wednesday. The weather since Saturday has been terribly hot, to-day beating the record for a number of years—112° in the shade. .Hay* cutting is about finished, a large area having been cut, but the average will not be more than about 7 or 8 cwt. per acre. Some of the orops on the fallow ground have grown re markably well for the season, and despite the absence of rain have filled out well, notably a piece of about 75 acres of Mr. W. S. Car michael's, cut for heading, estimated to yield 25 to 30 cwt. per acre, manured with phos phates. The difference generally between the manured and non-manured in the crops ex perimented on, though only about 5G lb. was used to the acre, is marked. The former do not appear to be affected so much by the dry weather as those without manure. The laBb few days will do a lot - of harm, and a good sample will be hard to get in. this district. The stripper has been started^ to-day, bub cannot give result, as no cleaning has _ been done, but do not think the average will be above 4 or 5 bushels. MINLATON, Thursday. Yesterday was a day to be remembered, and for heat and unpleasantness seldom met with so early in the season. A strong hot north wind blew all day, driving clouds of dust before it and bringing signs of a thunderstorm coming up towards evening, which has kept off up to the present. The wind veered round to the south about 9 in the evening. There are signs of rain this morning. Yesterday's heat will interfere considerably with the later crops and. those on heavy soils. Haymaking is in full swing: the cut generally is not heavy. BRENTWOOD, Thursday. Haymaking is in full swing; the cut in most cases will be light. Yesterday was one of the hottest days wc have had this season, the temperature being 10*2° in the shade. HAWKER, Wednesday. Tbo weather yesterday and to-day has been extremely hot. The cro, s are ripening fast, and the grain is likely to be shrivelled. Mr. F. Burr commenced reaping to-day. The grain is shrivelled, but he expects to get seed enough for next season. HAMILTON, Thursday. Aftersevoraldaysof excessively hot weather a change set in last evening, and now it is quite cool. Haymaking is in full swing. Most crops, I fear, are light. NANTAWARRA, Friday. A raging north wind blew on Wednesday, and almost dried up vegetation of all kinds. Haycntting is finished, and farmers are busy ■ stacking. A good deal of hay has been cut, and the crops generally have turned out better than was expected. There is an abundance of feed, and stock are in the pink of condition. MANNUM, Monday. The past few days of heat have utterly ruined the late orops here. SNOWTOWN, Saturday. We have had some trying weather, which culminatod last Woduesday in a terrific bursb of hot wiuds. The crops, however, were nob damaged so much as might have been ex pected. Haycutting is nearly over, and a largo quantity lias been gathered. In this neighbourhood thore will ho some splendid yields. Owing to the hot, dry time we have had during the past two months it is hard to estima o aright the probable average return, but taking a ten-miles radius it should be about 7 bushels. Of course, many fields look well enough for three and four bags per acre, Hut this is only on new land and where fer tilizers have been used. _ The value of the drill and artificial manuring is apparent this year. TUMBY, Thursday. The continued dry weather is having a disastrous effect on the wheat crops, which are ripening too fast. Yesterday the weather was excessively hot. The wind was as hot as though it came off a large bushfire at no groat distance, and it i6 a wonder that any thing green survived. The thermometer registered 90° in the shade. Distant thunder and lightning could bo heard and seen in the evening, but no rain came. The weather is now cool. The oats and barley harvest has commenced. MOUNT GAMBIER, Saturday. Wednesday, when a strong hot wind pre vailed, was the warmest day of the season; the temperature reached 97'2° in the shade. On Thursday 0*197 of rain fell. To-day was cool and pleasant. P00NINDIE, Friday. No rain has falleu for nearly a month. Haymaking is general, and in most cases a good crop is being gathered. The average yield is about one ton por acre. Some small paddocks going one and a half tons. The grain crops are well advanced, but it is feared they will fail to fill out, as thore is almost a total absence of moisture in the ground. Several severe hot winds have occurred of lato. RHINE VILLA, Saturday. The weather wa3 extremely hot on Wednes day, and the thermometer registered 118° in the shade. This was very trying on the crops, which were dried up, and will he much lighter than had been expected. NANGKITA, Monday. AVo are experiencing changeable weather for this season of the year. On Wednesday last a hot wind blew, with clouds of dust, and on Thursday a cool change set in, and a nice shower fell. BULL'S CREEK, Monday. The heat for the past week has been ex cessive. On Wednesday last from morning till night a hot wind was blowing. At about 3 o'clock p.m. the sun looked like a large red ball, and the sky of ail inky blackness.. On Thursday night a slight shower fell, which freshened the ciops and gardens to a wonder ful extent. WHYTE-YARCOWIE, Monday. The weather is very hot, and the crops and feed are drying up rapidly. Haymaking is general. The yield will bo about quarter of a ton por acre. The wheat crops may go about 3 bushels. QUEENSCLIFFE, Monday. Haymaking is drawing to a close. The cut in most cases is good, some going as high as 2 tons por acre. Wheat and barley are looking well and promise a good return. Barley-reaping will commence in another fort night. A littlo rain fell last Thursday, hub not enough to do much good. Feed and water will be scarce again this summer. HOG BAY (Kangaroo Island), Sunday. The crops appear to be in splendid con dition, promising a good harvest with a plentiful yield. Haymaking is in full swing. Shearing is over, hut the wool clip this season is not nearly so much or so good as last season's. PORT AUGUSTA, Tuesday. The weather has been hot. A southerly wind has just come up. 