THE ITRST BUSHRANGER. Up to a very recent period the civil law was administered so loosely in'England, Scotland, and Ireland, that people began to think that there were two laws, one for the rich and another for the poor, and a good mnny people think so still, and the poor lawyers suffer. At the same time criminal law was administered with so much ferocity that juries at length hesitated to find verdicts ot guilty as the punishments were so awfully in excess of the alleged offences, that they considered it wrong to give a verdict against an accused person. Men were transported beyoud the sea for trivial infractions of the game laws and other venial offences, and often for no offence at all, as the judges began to look upon all accused persons who appeared in the dock At length the ferocity of the law cul minated to an awful point when a poor girl in London was actually hanged for stealing a: twopenny- loaf to prevent her illegitimate child from starving, and then vox populi interposed crying salts ; let us have no more of this; and it would be folly to suppose that some of those who were immolated for trivial offences, or for no offence at all, did not brood over their wrongs until "the worm came—the worm that will not sleep and Cannot die, and that therefore the ferocity of the law some tifnes made the good bad and the bad desperate. Amongst those who were immolated for murdering a hare was a Scotch poacher named Charles Buchan, who was said to be a near relative of the doctor who wrate the boot known as the "Household Physician," and that Charles Buchan was the first bush ranger who sought refuge in the wilds of Australia, and retaliated oil society there for the wrongs inflicted on him by the ferocity of the law. He was sent out at an early period with two hundred other prisoners, guarded by about three hundred soldiers and civilians. On their arrival they were located at Port- Jackson, in New South Wales, but as barracks and prison accommodation was then inadequate for such a number, escape from thraldom was not difficult, &nd; Buchan -was the first to seek emancipation. He knocked a drunken sentry on the head, took his arms and ammunition, and then fled to 'Hie interior to trust to the mercy of the savage. - He was manacled at first for murdering a bare, and now he had murdered a man and was free, and resolved to live or die in the attns of liberty. The savages for some reason or other did not molest him, and when the other prisoners heard that Charley Buchan was already king of a tribe he was soon joined by others, four of them, and then the reprisals began. As money was at that time useless in the bush it was not sought for, and when a settlement was stuck up only provisions and ammunition were demanded, and as these were freely given, violence was not needed and never resorted to. But woe betide the unwary warder or " soger " who wandered too far in quest or wood and water. Several soldiers who were out in quest of the fugitives get on board a whaler, and took their own emancipation, which shows that the days at a penal settlement then were hot happy days for either bond or free, and three ignorant soldiers who threw off their yoke believing that they could travel due east to China by land, were afterwaids tracked, and it was found that for about twelve weeks they had travelled in a complete and desolate circle, the broadest part of which was not forty miles wide, and when found within twenty miles of the settle ment they were induced to liv ing skeletons, while at the same time Buchan and his fellows were fattening on settlers' beef or dancing: at the blackfel lows* corroboree. But a change came for the worse, as prowling one day along the coast they came upon a lot ct wreckage on the shore, amongst which there was a cask of gin intact, and it they rolled to one of their ambuscades not far off, and then sat down to what swipers call s»rious drink ing/' and drank there until they were unable either to fight or flee, and in that hopeless condition they were pouncfd upon ; by a party of soldiers, who. having bound their prisoners hand and foot, sat down to seiious drinking themselves, and Were soon helplessly drunk also. In the meantime Buchan managed to extricate himself from his manacles, and having leleased his com rades they bound the soldiers, withdrew the flints from their firelocks and fled, taking a keg of the precious fluid with them. The soldiers managed to stagger back to the settlement and excused them selves the. best way they could. Buchan and bis mates were never afterwards heard ot, and it is supposed that they perished in a devouring bushfire that nearly over whelmed the soldiers as they trotted with long faces to the settlement. Parliament Dissolves by afflucfion of time, but Time's fight only adds to the power of disease if means are not taken to eradicate it. Indigestion, stomach and liver complaints especially require urgent treatment, and there are no medicines known which act upon these particular ailments with such success as Holloway's Pills. These grand remedies strengthen the stomach, increase the appetite and rouse the slupgisli liver. For bowel com plaints they are invaluable, as they remove every primary derangement. They may be used at all times and in all climates by persons affected by biliousuess or nausea; for flatulency and heartburn tbey are specifics. Indeed, no ailment of the digestive organs can resist their purifyin*r and corrective yowers. Tahiti iuthn South kins, is now lighted by el'_ctr:c laiiipt. 