BERRIGAN. (FROM OUR OWN' CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday, November 23. The weather here last wepk was excessively hot and oppressive for November. On Fri day the thermometer stood at 104 degrees in «. the, shade. Hot winds blew all day accom panied by clouds of dust, which penetrated everywhere. A welcome change took place, during the night, and the weather since has been bearable. Haymaking his now in full swing, the weight per acre not being up to expectations. The aspect of the wheat , crops vary very much. Report says that the besb crops in the.district are out Warmatta and Savernake direotion, and between Berrigan and Finley the;prospect8 are not assuring, particularly at the Berrigan end. A coronial inquiry into the cause of the recent fire, when the School of Arts was totally destroyed by fire, all the seating ac commodation, scenery, two pianos, Church of England organ, . music booka. and three shops the property of Mrs. Arundel, was held at the police court before Mr. William Elliot, district coroner, ; on Saturday afternoon. The following lawful men. and true were em nanelled as- a iurv : — Messrs. W. J. Gres* gery, J.P. (foreman), T. Hoskin, S. E. Sampson, Da-id Fry* and W. F. MTherson. A considerable mass of evidence was taken, and after a short deliberation the jury returned the following; verdict; — 'That the buildings were destroyed by fire nii the morn. j ing of thel5th inst: , but the evidence does not disclose the origin of the fire.' Although the insurance had; only just been effected on the Church of England organ,' furniture, and books, Mr. M'Murdo, inspector of the North I Queensland Fire' Insurance Co., settled the I claim in full within two hours of his arrival I in Berrigan. Mrs. O'Brien, whose furniture I was; insured in the same offir.e, a portion of I which was destroyed, has also been settled with- . - : .'?'.. A-. public meeting was called by Messrs. Jas. - Catlander and A. Jamieson, president and hon. Bee. pro tern, of the School of Arts at the Federal Hotel on Friday evening last, to .consider. the reconstruction of the build ing. There was a good attendance. Mr. Geo. Reynoldson occupied the chair. It was, after considerable discussion, resolved to erect a new building on the old site, some £8Q being promised in the room. The Lawn Tennis Club, who are holding a second tournament shortly, have a commo dious shelter shed at their courts. A meeting of the Berrigan Progress Asso ciation was held at the Federal Hotel on gery, J.P., president, in the chair. Mr. R. W.' Morison stated that he bad received a reply from the Department of Justice as to the' petition forwarded by him, praying for the appointment of a resident police magis trate at Narandera and visit Berrigan, say ing that a new P.M. had been appointed' at Wagga, and that arrangements would remain unaltered for three months. The secretary said that many of the landholders who had gained by the revised assessments made recently by Mr. Orr, District Lands Officer, had promised to contribute to the funds of the association. It was resolved to request the Government to pvit down an Underground tuik at the now public school The matter of obtaining a sheet iron firescreen on wheels for the protection of any adjacent buildings to a lonfligration was discussou, the outcome being that the president and secretary were appointed to interview the adjusters of the fire insurance companies' who would be in Berrigan shortly, and ask their opinion on the matter. The meeting then dispersed. At a recent meeting of the Agricultural and' Hortiaultuial Society the annual report and balance sheet was, received and adopted, the latter' showing a credit balance of £195 18s, 9d., being a gain for the year of £487s. 5d. , ?which is considered satisfactory. It was de oicled to hold the annual show on Wednesday, 16bh February, 1898. Tho following officers weroo'eeted for the ensuing twelve months : - President, Mr. W. J. Groggery ; vicepresi dents, Messrs. D. Corooran, IS. D. O'Dwyer, and R. W. Morison ; treasurer, Mr. J. W. Nicholas ;,and secretary, Mr. R. Drummond. 'With regret I have to chronicle the. death of Mr. Mark How, son. of Mr. W. R. How, of near Berrigan, which sad event took place at Barooga. Mr. How leaves a widow and three young children to mourn his loss. The funeral took place in the Berrigan cemetery on Thursday afternoon. Mr. W. H. Guard read the Bible Christian service at the grave. A bush-fire broke out at the north-west corner of the reserve on Friday morning, bnt owing to the alarm being given early, a large number of persons hastened to the scene, and were able to subdue tho. outbreak before reaching Mr. Wm. Batten's crop, ? Constable White, who has been stationed here for the pasb 18 months, has received notice from his superiors to leave Berrigan and repair to Balranald. Daring Constable White's sojourn here he has been most atten tive and obliging iu his duties, and he leaves with the good wishes of all the inhabitants, who trust that the move means promotion. 