LOWER PORTLAND. THE river water has become too brackish here for house use. Mr. T. Boyter, son of Mr. G. Boyter, of Colo, died at the Richmond River last week. Mrs. Eales has been very ill during the last week, and was obliged to seek medical advice on Monday. Mr. M. B. Herps has purchased a small separator, and is starting in the dairy farming industry. About 50 per cent of the citrus fruit trees that were planted out last winter have died, owing to the dry weather, and if rain does not fall soon the remainder will follow suit. Great destruction is being done to the tomato patches by a species of caterpiller. This pest generally makes its presence felt in the early part of the season by cutting the young plants off, but this year they have taken to the firuit. A meeting was held in St. John's Church on Monday night to decide on a suitable spot for the proposed general cemetery. If the Government will not purchase private land nearer to the river, the Crown land chosen is on the West Portland road about two-and-a-half miles from the Mouth of Colo. Some very strong language was made use of by a visiting fisherman at the upper end of Half-moon Reach one night last week, and it was not until a couple of local anglers threatened to overhaul him rather roughly that this objectionable visitor could be induced to keep his tongue quiet. It is a scandalous shame that respectable resi- dents cannot go for a row in the cool night air without having to listen to vile language by visiting larrikins. Several half-quarter cases of Briggs' Red Mays went away from Lower Portland on the 25th inst. This is five days later than last year, and eight days later than our earliest season. They have ripened very slowly this year, and several cases of Early Orange Apricots, whioh were a fortnight behind them last season, have gone in be- fore them this season. A bush fire has been burning on Mrs. John Mitchell's Half-Moon Reach farm during last week, and scorched some of the passion-fruit vines. It is reported that if any person is brought up for firing the bush, and if our J's.P., should happen to be on the Bench, he will be sentenced to death. The Skipper, Bamboo, and the cook's Mate of the s.s. Hawkesbury went to the bottom of the river opposite Mr. Matthew Herps' place last week. It was not what they meant to do, but the plank broke while they were loading wattle bark. All three were fished out without any damage being done-except to the plank and wattle bark. The s.s. Kingsley is not out of dock yet, but she will not be required for a week or ten days. Mr. J. Attiwell is up from Sydney again to superintend the picking of his early fruit. Miss S. Chaseling, who has been staying witq Mrs. T. Herps, is going to leave us again, we regret to say. Miss Chaseling's brothers have gone into occupation of land on the Hunter River, and she is going to join them. A big bushfire is burning on the Windsor to Wiseman's Ferry Road, near Maroota.. The young fruit along the Wiseman's Ferry road seems to be standing the dry weather well. .The Rev. A. Taylor preached in tbe Wesley an Church here on Sunday last. Mr. Taylor, who has charge of a circuit in Queensland, is at present spending a holi day with his friends, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, of Paradise Point. The punts at the Mouth of Colo, which for some time in the hands of Mr. S. Ever ingbam, who recently gave them up, are now in charge of Mr. W. Kemp, junr. Intense heat prevailed here last week, especially on Friday, when 104 degrees in tbe shade was registered. Owing the very dry weather, all grass and herbage, except in the swamp?, is fast drying up. The orop of stone fruit is exceptionally light, the result of the prolonged drought. A sacred cantata, " The daughter of Moab," will be rendered in tbe Wesleyan Church shortly, by the Lower Hawkesbury choir. 