OUR SINGLETON LETTiSE. FFbOM OUB LoCAIi KllPBUaBKTATIVE.l SOUTH SINGLETON MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. i A meeting of the above was held this (Friday) evening when there were present — The Mayor, Aldermen Simmons, Dine), Kirkwood, and the Council Clark. The minutes were confirmed. COBKKSPONDBNOa. — From thn Annfcralunmn Federation League desiring tho Council to call meeting! to give effect to the election of represen tatives to the Statutory Federal Convention. — Tbe correspondence was received, Maintbkancb Ovbksexb' Bbpobt. — The report of this officer was read atating that since his laBt report. his timo had been ooenpied elebning water tables, and now spreading gravol. Contractor Smith had commsnead his oontraob on the 19th instant, and had delivered in Gowrie-street 146 yards of river gravel. Ho hud aleo started in the Seventh Avenue that afternoon. In the preient month Dennis Grant was engaged three days and one hour drawing iurplun stuff off the BtreetB, also four days engaged op to date watering the etreota. The report was received. Insi'EOTOh op Nuisincb's R-bpoiit. — The report of tlie Inspector of Nnisi»noss iths road, stating that since last report bo had impounded two horses. He had notifiod the cab drivers and carriers to call at the office and pay their annval licensee. — The report whb received. Revision ov Municipal List-— Tho Council then proceeded to revise the Municipal list for 1897-98, Tho namoa of peribne who had died during tho year were erased, and tho usual certi ficate was then ligned by the Mayor.' Thahkb to Eetirino Aldbemin. — Alderman Siuiina stated that as that wna their last meeting for the municipal year ho bogged to move a vote of thivilks bo the retiring aldermen. As a rate payer he could any that ho wna well satisfied with tner tenure or omoo held by the retiring Aldermen.— Alderman Kirkwood in seconding endorsed all that had lieon said by Alderman Simmons. Tke retir ing Aldermen had done their worK in the intsrosta of tbe ratepayers, and he trusted they would seek re-election. The Mayor, as one of the retiring Aldermen, said ho felt satified that the ratopayora had boon well content with tho work done by him. This had bean exemplified by him boing raturned so often. He had occupied the ohair on three different oocaeiopB, and he thanked . them for tho kind words epokon of him. — Aldornun Dines in re turning thanks said he had done hia best. As an alderman he had voted aocording to hia conscience, and if nominated he would be very pleased to offer bis services as a seat at the Council. The meeting then terminated. Friduy evening, Mh.ita.tiy.— The remarks of tho Major General commanding with reference the examination of O. Company 4th Infantry Regiment at the termina tion for thoir annual field training for 189G-97, have, been shown to ua for perusal1. ' Tho Major General is pleased to note the untie fno to ry result of the annual field training, and the standard of efficiency attained ahowa that the company has been well and carefully instructed and much credit ia reflected upon Captain Langwill and thoBO under him. The G.O.O. observes with much aatiefaotion that the company ia up to its establishment, but it ia regretted that the attendances in several instances have not been so good as oould be desired. The Major-General approves of proficient; badges being granted to.all N. C. oflloora and soino of bhe men, and is pleased to see that a aatiafaotory per centage of men have oarnod this badge, while the standard of eflloienoy of the N. C. O.'s is eminently oonvinoing.' Rboistbation oif Dairikb, — In accordance with the new Public Health Bill passed by Parliament during last session, all dairios in bhe district, al though previously regi&tered;, will require to bo re I registered nfc onoe under a penalty of ,£20. S»nior Sergoant Moylan informs us that last year 214 dairien were under his supervision, but he fully expects this number to be inorcasod by tho end of this year to 400. So far thia year about CO dairy men' havo registered their promise?. Horbb SjAiiB.— At Foster's yards to-day (Friday) Messrs. He,nry Bailey and Son conducted a hoi-se sale, when 52 head wore disposed of ab prioea rang ing to £5 10a. pRorosBD ? Amalgamation, or oub Local Charities. — We are pleaBed to observe that a spooial mooting by requisition of the Committee of tho Singlobon and Patriots Plains Benevolent Asylum is called for Monday evening next, ' to consider the desiroblenoaa of amalgamat ing this Sooioty with the Singloton Boliof Society, ao as to carry oub the objects of both societies under ono management.' Wo brunt to see a good moot ing to enable the eubjoot to bo well, .vontilatod. Visit or SmaiiirroN Cricketers to thb Woi, lombi. — 'I he team chosen to represent the Single ton club in their maboh against tho oorabinod team of Wollombi, to bo played on the latter's wiokeb to morrow (Saturday), left here this ovgning, and will Sn all probability return on Sunday.' Monu Hot Wkathbh. — Another hoat wavo appears to havo seMn. Yesterday the thermometer rono to 104 in the shado, and to-day it was equally hot. At sunaet tho glass had only rocodod to 9(5 The sky ia now olbudod over, and there are indica tions of an early change. Basit Firks. — The great bush flro that h«s boon burning during tbo past week out Nnndowa way ia still progressing at an alarming rato, and eovorol thousand aorca of grnss have boon destroyed. Lost evening it wob reported that; some familios residing at Wabtio Ponds had been burnt oub and had to oomo into town, but on inquiry we loarnt that auoh was nob tho case. Bush-fires havo also been raging niort! or losa florooly nt Kavonavvoi'tli, Wombo, and Rothbury, and boaidoa the grasa destroyed, a great deal of damage has boon done to fonoet, etc 