THE NOVELETTE. KATE CASSIDY'S DISTRESS. By a Bushwoman. One dull, stifling evening about sundown, after a scorching day when the thermometer went up to 135, and the Coogoona station hands complained that their skins had been blistered through their cotton shirts, a crowd of men and horses could be seen approaching over the downs. The air was thick with smoke from bush-fires, and in the sky were piled up masses of murky, sullen, grey clouds. It was banking up for rain, which was badly wanted. Five months had passed since an inch had fallen. There was hardly a skerrick of grass, and the stock were all poor. The men, about thirty in number, came along, walking their horses. There were amongst them pannikin overseers, jackeroos, musterers, rouse abouts, dam- sinkers, boundary-riders from the out stations of Coogoona, camp cooks, their offsiders, dog-stiffeners, men that spent their time on the " marsoopal" fence and bush slushies. On they came. Nearly all wore sad-coloured moles, gaudy cotton skirts, huge cabbage-tree hats with bandages round them, and high riding-boots or leggings. Every man had a piece of gauze over his eyes, or a fly-veil, or a bobbing row of corks hanging from his hat rim, for the flies were a terror that day. The horses had fly-dusters of stamped basil that hung in twisted stripes from their forehead bands, and dangled over their blood- shot eyes as they walked. The tiny sand flies tortured the poor jaded creatures, some of which had come seventy miles. The men, their shoulders bowed with constant riding, lolled in their saddles anyhow, and smoked stolidly. They were in groups of twos, threes, and fours, and nearly every man carried a bough of silvery mistletoe plucked from box-trees or brigalows thrust into the saddle-strap that held the pommel-slicker. Most of them had a packhorse each, none seemed to bother leading the packhorse, which followed docilely or cantered on ahead. These packhorses carried swags and "nap." On top of each was a billy and a quart. Around their necks were straps, to which were attached a large bell and pair of hobbles. Some carried collapsed water-bags for it had been a thirsty day. Tired, footsore sheepdogs followed, their tongues hanging out and their tails drooping. They showed their teeth languidly at each other now and then. The iron and brass bells on the necks of the packhorses jangled pleasantly. The new-chum jackaroo, Charley St. John kicked his foot out of his stirrup-iron. It felt scorching through his boot. He was fagged. He had had a forenoon's work, helping to straighten up the cattle, and he had ridden in from Mulga Paddock—thirty miles. Long rides were necessary, as the station was immense in area, and the paddocks were of enormous size. Charley had begun at the lowest rung. He had been mustering, branding, wool-rolling, picking-up at shearing time even, moving sheep, and doing a bit of droving, yet looking pleasant over it all. He had won the heart of the station owner, who said that there was good stuff in the boy, and he'd pay for licking into shape. All the station hands liked Charley, so after they had chyacked him for his fresh complexion and his baggy English- made riding breeches, and found there was fight in him when he was put to it, they said he was an all-right un, and composed a nick-name for him. "Scorchy " they called him. " Scorchy" and "Joyful Jim," one of the stockmen, came riding along together at the fag end of the crowd. They were great chums, though Joyful Jim was grave-faced and old enough to be Charley's father. They had not spoken for miles. It was too hot to talk, and their tongues were dry. "What's on the cards to-morrow, Joyful?' said Charley. "We'll all have a good clean up, wash our duds, lay around, smoke and tell snake stretchers till the Christmas feed is ready. After that a game o' cricket mostlike, then off the old hand are going to Kate Cassidy's at the Gidya Gully for supper, and—" " Who's Katy Cassidy, anyway!" " Don't yer know!' said Jim. "Haven't yer heard from any of the boys of Katy Cassidy?' "No! Oh, cut it, Joyful, and tell us yourself. Too hot for riddles." "You could not mention her name here for a good spell without making most o' them hang the lip like a motherless foal. Every man-jack of them nearly on this place was dead-shook on Katy Cassidy. "Katy Cassidy was an Irish girl—Katy Molloy she was then—and she came from a farm in Roscommon, near the estate the boss was reared on. He knew her people, and he got her out; she was housemaid at Coogoona. She was a fine Irish girl just over eighteen and as fresh and rosy as a peach. She stood five foot six, and for style could give the ladies in the district points. She'd laughing eyes, like bits of blue velvet, a red smiling mouth, teeth like a string o' pearls, and the prettiest pair o' dimples ever I seen. She'd chestnut hair with a tinge of gold through it. I often took her out ridin', and when her hair tumbled down under her blue sunbonnet; Lord, I'd have given five pounds to touch it. (I was fond of her, as you would be of a pretty, bright child.) She'd a smile and a joke for all, but no more - as sensible a girl and as quiet as ever I see. If anyone was sick and wanted nursing no one was as clever at it as Katy; if anyone tore their clothes no one could darn or patch 'em so neat as Katy, and she'd be so willin' and glad to do it too. Then she'd read their love letters to coves that couldn't read, and would write answers too. She was as close as wax. It was safe to tell her anything. A ringer at her work too, and it was a sight to see her in her cap and apron, as white as snow—as neat as a pink was Katy, and brave as a lion. Once the boss's wife was away, and Corrigan's baby took sick (Corrigan was one of the boundary riders). He came in for help - he lived six miles away. The child was funny and hot and kept screaming, he told Katy. Katy got stuff from the medicine-chest, took the milkman's horse that stood at the fence-rail, threw both stirrups the same side, took the green-hide whip from Corrigan's hand, got on the fence-rail, gave her horse a cut and off she went full bat. She found Mrs. Corrigan cryin' and moanin' over the little baby in her lap. " 'He's dyin', Katy, the poor darlin's dying on me,' said she, sobbin'. " 'It's a long cry from this to dyin',' said Katy. Tuckin' up her sleeves she gave a glance at the child; he was near gone, and kept showin' the whites of his eyes. Quick as a flash she saw a bucket on the fire that the beef was boilin' in. In an instant she had the beef out, and a double handful o' mustard and a good dash of cold water in. Then she took the child, pulled his shirt over his head, plunged him in up to his arms, making the poor dazed mother hold wet cloths to his head. Next she took him out, wrapped him in a blanket. She sat for hours with that child, and never left him till he was as right as rain. Another time one of the boss's kids was crayfishin' in the creek and fell in. Katy was cuttin' roses in the garden and heard the scream. Off she went, kicked off her shoes, jumped in and saved the little chap, who was sinking fast. Since then the boss and his wife thought no end o' Katy. Nothin' was too good for her and they made a regler pet o' her. On Katy's nineteenth birthday she had a dance. All the hands on the station got an ivite, and there was a grand spread. I can see it all now. All the girls in their flimsy lal-lals and flyin' ribbons, and the boys in their clean moleskins, flarin' shirts and ties with big opal pins stuck in. They had their hair plastered down with oil, and you could track 'em anywhere by the scented soap they'd used. There was Katy in her white dress she'd been confirmed in just nicked in a bit at the neck, and showing a throat like white satin, and she'd got a bright-green ribbon twisted in and out through her hair. Anyone that asked her to dance, she'd dance, and a smile for everyone she had. There was too many to dance in the kitchen, so we made a move to the large clay-pan at the back. It was a bare piece of hard, pebbly ground, and was grand for dancin' after the boys had swept off the rough of the stones. We got empty cases for stairs, and fixed up a table for the fellows who played their concertinas and accordions for the dancin' and we had the light o' the full moon and sixteen lamps besides, and there was a table handy with soft drinks. We had dancin' an' singin' an' step- dancin'. One chap would do a step an' then stand aside; then another would do that step and a fresh one. Another fellow'd do the two steps and one of his own—shearers'-hut fashion. Four of the boys were dead in love with Katy, and meant the square deal. Flash Fred, the station horsebreaker and rough-rider; Dick the Dude, the best cutter-out in a cattle camp, bar none; Long Jack, one of the boundary-riders; and Paddy Kelly, the hut cook, a howlin' Fenian. They watched each other like cats. Yer couldn't pick the winner; she was the same to 'em all. " After supper, one of the shepherds (Andy Lannigan) played a rollickin' Irish jig called 'Larry O'Gaff,' and asked Katy to giv' us a step. She said she would. Andy tuned up his fiddle, and they laid a few ...nks on the clay-plan. With a stamp and vooroosh from old Andy Lannigan, Katy began. How she danced, and laughed, and tossed her head, and picked up the skirt of her frock, and turned and twisted, and stamped her little foot, and held her arms akimbo with her head on one side, and the dimples coming and going in her cheeks. She did the rocky road to Dublin without missing a turn in the music, and when she finished yer felt yer wanted to pick her up and kiss her straight away. Well, the music stopped and Katy felt giddy. Long Jack got the running that trip, for he gave her his arm and they went a little way away. The other three looked blue, and so did Long Jack when he came back, but Katy was smily as ever. " After we went away and were smoking a last pipe in the hut, Long Jack says, 'I know you're all shook on Katy, but we're all out of it. We's not in the market.' " ' What?' they says in a breath, lookin' hard at Jack. 'She's goin' ter be marrid,' says Jack, 'that's all.' 'Rot,' says Paddy Kelly, goin' as white as a sheet;' yer don't get me, Jack, with yer fake yarns.' " 'Right y'are,' says Jack, knocking the ashes out of his pipe against his boot heel. 'I ought to know. I asked her to night. Didn't I get a facer when she said she'd been engaged for two years to Mick Cassidy, the new boundary rider to be at the Gidya Gully; she's goin' next week there. Her father'd made the match in the old country. They were children together, and they're going to be married next week when Father Brady comes to Coogoona.' 'Why didn't yer tell me, Katy? said I, ' there's three more on the list beside me. ' 'Twas me own business entirely,' says she. ' So the four o' them sat there starin' hard at the fire and sayin' nothin', till up jumped Paddy Kelly, looking ten years older. ' Good luck to little Katy,' said he, wherever she is and whoever she marries. God bless her.' He whipped off his cap, wrote on a scrap of paper, threw it in and passed the cap round. ' What's the game?' says I. 'Not ter pay his ..erence for turnin' them off, surely?' '' No, for a rattlin' good weddin' present from the Coogoona boys,' said he. So we all scribbled an I.O.U. Then we went to our bunks. No one spoke, but that night the fellers' boots flew about like a hailstorm. She was married next week from Coogoona, and the boys gave her a tip-top horse, saddle and bridle, and a twenty guinea sewin' machine. The day o' the weddin' most of them was awful busy t'other side 'o the run, and didn't get in ter see it any road. That was nearly six years ago. She's a little chap five years old, little Mick, regular young limb. She is at the Gidya Gully year in and year out. Mick Cassidy is good sort too; he's often away for days goin' round the boundaries, and she's contented and happy, and prettier than ever. Every Christmas night we go to supper at Cassidy's for a rippin' good feed Katy —. What's that? D'ye see, Scorchy, over there ter the right?—comin' through the brigalow—something white? By Jove, it's travelling! What's— it's Katy comin' over the ridge!' Next moment a woman riding a panting horse galloped into the midst of the crowd. She was hatless, and her bright brown hair ..med over her shoulders. Her face was ...tly white, her eyes were dilated. She was in a working dress; her arms were bare to the shoulder, and her hands and fore-arms encrusted with dough, as if she had been kneading bread. "Boys, boys, will ye help me!" she cried. My little child's strayed—this eight hours. I've been huntin' for him till I'm near mad. Cassidy's away on the fence this two days. Help, will ye, boys! Bring old Kill-'em-and-eat 'em to track—the rain's comin' fast, an' the track'll be lost on me." "Yes! " All right!" "Course we will!" Came in different voices from the men. .... up, Katy, he's right; we'll find him." One of them went to find old Kill-'em-and eat-'em, the best tracker on the station, Kill-'em-and-eat-'em was in his gunyah, surrounded by dogs and wives. He was in an ... stupor, but he was kicked and cuffed to his senses, bundled upon the night- horse, the reins thrust into his shaking hands. A leading rein was attached to the bit, because he could not guide the horse. His bare feet were thrust into the stirrups, and a score of promises were shouted to him if he did, and dire threats if he didn't, go look-out track alonga piccaninny belongs that pfeller Cassidy. The poor old night- horse got two cracks, one on each side, from a stockwhip to start him, and plunged off wildly. Every man jammed his hat over his eyes, drove his spurs home, and, with Katy Cassidy at the head of them, off they galloped towards Gidya Gully. With a great boom of thunder the storm broke, and the rain came down in blinding torrents. On they went over the plains, flogging, spurring, and yelling. "It's Buckley's chance; we haven't a one-horse show of findin' the track,' muttered Jim. At last they neared Cassidy's. Had ever seven miles seemed so long? They made a detour, so as to preserve any tracks there might be about the house. Jim lifted Katy off her horse, and beckoned the men aside. " Hallo," said he, looking at his horse, that stood with its head hanging down curiously, "my horse's knocked up right enough. Anyone lend us a cuddy?" No one offered. " Someone's got to stay with Katy. Don't leave her, for God's sake," said Flash Fred. "You stay, Joyful," said Long Jack, " you're the best man, you'd be most comfort to her, and you could be lookin' round the house, y' know." " Yes, that's the talk," said Dick the Dude. " You're the oldest in the push, Joyful. Besides, your cuddy's knocked up, and you carn't expect us ter giv' up the charnce o' finding the nipper." " No," said he. " Well, all right, I'll stay." " First we'll set the nigger to track about the place; then runnin' the track's simple. It he can't strike it, one lot'll start in the dug-out with the drags up and down the creek; the others'll split into lots, takin' different directions, and send word back here." " Now then, Kill-em-and-eat-em," said Joyful Jim, pushing the black by the back of his collar from the kitchen fire, before which he was crouching and shivering. " You find em picaninny me gib it you plenty grog, plenty toombacco, plenty opium." Kill-em-and-eat-em was sulky, and shook his head. Kill-em-and-eat-em walked about, peering foolishly, turning stones, leaves, and twigs over. All waited for him to speak. He shook his grizzled head. "Baal make a light that pfeller track belonga that pfeller white picaninny. Mine bin think it that pfeller picaninny yan alonga creek." Jim got in a white rage, took the nigger to the calf pen, and told him to stay there. The men broke up into lots, and started slowly, looking intently about. Two remained and busied themselves getting the dug-out ready. Jim went into the kitchen, where Katy Cassidy was pacing up and down. "Katy, my girl," said Jim—putting his great brown hand on her shoulder—"give me the key of the meat-house, quick—it's gettin' dark!" " 'Tis there on th' nail—what d'ye want with it?" "Never mind, Katy, never mind." Katy laid her hand on his arm, " Is it—is it th' grapplin' irons?" she whispered breathlessly. Jim nodded, Katy Cassidy buried her face in her hands and rocked herself to and fro—then she sprang up. " Let me go to them," she cried. Jim barred the way. " The night's not fit for a dog; trust the boys." Jim took down the grappling irons, to which a quarter of beef was hanging, and gave them with whispered instructions to the two men, who then warily sculled the dug-out along the creek. Jim went back to the kitchen, where Katy was twisting her fingers in and out. " How'd little Mick come to stray, Katy?"' " I whipped th' darlin', Jim; God forgive me. He says to me this mornin',' Mummy, come see th' nice little butcher's shop I made for ye,' an' sure when I went to see there was eleven o' th' ducklin's I'd just been after rearin', all dead, hangin' to a string. He'd wrung their necks. So I whipped him. " Go 'way, Mick,' says I. 'Mummy's cross with ye,' and off went the darlin'. I never missed him for hours, 'till I was in the middle o' makin' a batch o' bread. I searched till I was near mad with fear." "Jim," she went on, "d'ye hear the crows, don't they caw cruel?" " Don't listen to them, Katy ; it's only fancy." " Cassidy's horse knocked up last week when he was a couple o' miles from home, so he carried his saddle and bridle an' walked home, an' he was tired, an' the crows kep' flyin' at him, an' peckin' at him. 'Twas all he could do to hunt them away, an' he a grown man, so what would a poor child be doin'? What was that, Jim?" she said peering out through the door. " Curlews or plovers, my girl; don't go on like that. I'll light the lamp—more cheerful, Katy?" " Don't shut the door—an' keep the blind up; th' darlin' might come back, mightn't he, Jim?" " Course he might, nothin' likelier." 'Jim, will ye beep on talkin', talkin' to me, an' I'll walk about. Tis easier to me. Don't think I'm not listenin', Jim, ye'll help me best that way." " Talk! Right you are, yer can't beat me at a pitch. Well—er—er—there was my brother's little Lizer. She strayed one day, no hat on, hotter day by long chalks than this, 140 in the sun. Mother and father of Mary, at least I mean Lizer, went near daft, lost for forty hours was M—Lizer, 'She's done fer,' says my brother ter me." Katy stopped with a frightened look " Found, Jim—alive?" " Bless yer heart yes, and kickin'," laughed Jim with a slap on his leg, "fit as a fiddle, three miles from home, in a patch o' rippin' ripe water-melons. Travellers sow 'em sometimes. She'd been goin' in lemons and had eaten two. Fast asleep she was when they found her, and she'd a handful o' dead butterflies in her hand." Katy sighed. "Then there was Billy Tracey's boy, him that keeps the mail stage at the Mulga Crossin'; well, his boy Dennis wandered off in his sleep one night. He'd just got on his little shirt, and he walked right along on the brink o' the Warrego. It was running a banker, and it'd take a smart man ter keep his footin' there broad awake. They picked up his tracks next mornin', and came on the beggar in a teamster's camp, sittin' on a pile o' nap by the fire as snug as a tick. He was warmin' his little mundoees at the fire, with a pint o' tea in one hand and a lump o' brownie in the other, and lookin' just as bright as a new bit. Providence shepherded him right enough—he made for the fires in his sleep." "D'ye really think so, Jim?' said poor Katy. " Sure so,' said Jim, thinking hard for a while, and beginning again with a rush. "Then there was a little toddlin' thing, daughter o' a shanty-keeper on the Barcoo Lord, the snake-juice he used ter sell as fer whisky! She strayed one scorchin' summer mornin'; they didn't miss her for hours, and after a terror o' a hunt they found her planted in a high patch o' cane grass with her mammy's best bonnet on her knee, and she'd a rusty pair o' sheep shears cutting the pink streamers off it into little bits. She was sayin', 'Pritty, pritty wibbons for baby,' and smilin' like a little angel." 'Twas th' luck entirely to find her," moaned Katy. " Oh, it's wonderful the toughness o' children and what they'll stand, some o' them. Why, yer couldn't kill 'em with an axe. I could tell yer scores and scores o' them sort o' cases." Jim's inventive power was at an end, and he began to sing a shearer's song with a queer little break in his voice. " She'll go crazy if she keeps on like this." He thought—" If she'd only cry like other women, but she won't." " Every kiddie ever I heard was lost was found alive and well." ' D'ye tell me so, Jim?' said Katy, pacing up and down. Her voice was quivering and her breath came in gasps. "But how—how about th' little ones that no one finds till years after, when their bones are all that's left o' them, an' that have wandered footsore, an' hungry, an' cryin', into the dark, thick scrub, where there's none to hear, an' dyin' of dreadful thirst, an' bitin' reeds an' grass to cool their burnin' months, and tearin' th' ground up in their agony, an' gettin' weaker an' weaker, an' th' crows followin' them up till th' little darlin's fall. Then the crows pounce cawin' and screamin' upon them." " Katy, Katy, don't; that's only one case in a thousand. Look. I'll go and see how they're getting on." Jim went out. When he came back he said, "They were pickin' up the tracks and would have him in no time." The rain was beating angrily against the window, and Katy was rocking to and fro. Jim deftly swung the boiling billy off the fire, threw in tea and sugar, stirred it, found a cup and saucer, poured in a little milk, strained off some of the blend in the billy, and put in a good dash of brandy from a flask he had. He set it on the table, and led her to it gently. " Drink that, Katy; it'll put heart into you. He's too cute to get lost. Maybe he's walkin' along, and then restin'. That's the girl. Down with it ter please old Jim." "Thank ye, Jim." She bowed her head, and cried aloud. Tears came into Jim's eyes. He laid his hand on her shoulder gently. " It's in God's hands, Katy. He'll do what's best." Jim cleared his throat. "My old mother used ter say so, and yer can't beat yer mother fer the straight tip. It's a long time since I said a prayer. God forgive me, I sort o' forget the hang o' them. Seein' the poor dumb creatures dyin' in thousands from drought, and crawlin' ter water and stickin' in the boggy tanks, makes a feller think sometimes that God ain't so merciful; but, Katy, I feel a prayer in my heart to God to bring yer out o' this bitter trouble, you're a good little woman. Start away and say your prayers and God'll help yer." " Ye're right, Jim, and shame to me not to think of it," she said. She rose with streaming eyes and walked into the next room. Jim heard her crying softly and the rise and fall of her voice as she said her prayers. He pulled his hat over his eyes, walked up and down uneasily, and went outside to see if there was any news. The men in the dug-out were coming up the creek and Jim hurried to meet them. They handed him a child's straw hat and a crayfish trap they had found on the bank, "It's a case, Jim; he's pegged out," said one. " Yes, it's a monte. The poor little chap's thrown seven, I'm afraid. Pity too—I'm sorry for the Cassidys," said the other. " Yes," said Jim, turning the little hat about in his hands. " It'll kill Katy." Just then a crowd of dark figures came from several directions, and Jim darted here and there to gain news, but they all shook their heads. There was no sign, no one had found a clue; the night was dark and nothing could be done till daylight— perhaps too late to save the child. " What's best to be done, Jim? You'd better prepare poor Katy for the worst," they suggested. "I'll manage it," said Jim, making his way back to the kitchen. There was no sound—the crying and murmuring had ceased. Jim's heart stopped—he went to the door, pushed it open, looked in, and his heart gave a bound of relief—there was poor Katy Cassidy fast asleep, worn out by her grief and agony. " Thank God!" said Jim. He closed the door gently and the outer door, and went out. " How'd she take it?" they said. " She didn't take it at all," said Jim. " She's fast asleep, and the first o' you jokers that speaks above a whisper till she wakes, I'll put an ounce o' lead into him." "Camp now, boys," he said, " and at the first streak of daylight we'll start again." The men moved off quietly; they hobbled their horses and camped for the night. The rain had cleared off. Most of them lay on their oilskin coats, and used their saddles for pillows. Joyful Jim went a little way off and camped upon a disused rusty four hundred gallon tank that lay upon its side. He rested his head upon his arm. Long after the others were asleep he kept tossing and turning and starting. At last he fell into a heavy sleep. At the first dawn Jim woke. "What was that he," muttered. " Thought I heard a noise. Dash it, I'm as nervous as a cat. What luck to-day? There it goes again. It's one o' them goanners, I'll swear. Here goes for the brute." He got cautiously off the tank, threw himself flat on the ground, and poked a stick at arm's length into the opening of the tank. "Come here, yer brute," he said, poking into the corners of the tank. "Darn yer fer a bloomin' goanner!' and he reached in again— the stick touched something. " What—what —what's it?' said Jim, trembling all over and too frightened to look at it. " It can't be!" He looked in and gave a great shout, "It's the child, alive and well." Out he pulled little Mick, fast asleep, and covered with red rust from head to foot. Jim wrapped the little fellow in his oilskin and followed by the men on tip- toe, went to the door, knocking softly. " Katy Cassidy, come here, my girl.' " Dead?" she said, covering her eyes and shrinking back. ' " No, Katy, alive and unhurt,' and Jim put the child into her arms. "Praise be to God this day,' "said Katy, looking upwards, whilst tears of joy rained from her eyes. The men looked away; there wasn't a dry eye amongst them. "Well," said Jim, "that's all settled. I suppose you'll ask us in and give us a drink o' tea, Katy, eh?" She nodded. They trooped in, and they set the billy on to boil; and at Katy's orders ransacked the well-stored cupboards. 