THE MERCURY. BODA&T;: FRIDAY, FED. 3G, 1897. EPITOME OF NEWS. t Tenderá invited for numerous public works. \- The a a. Nuboena makai an excursion to Koonya sale this morning. Applications close to-day for office of Council clerk at Now Norfolk. Tho Hobart Savings Bank will bo closed to-day and to-morrow to balance accounts. ? Tho Premior has accepted the invitation to visit England during coning Royal célébra- tions. Court of Appeal from assessment. Spring Bay municipality, to be held at Triabunna to-morrow. Mr. E. C. Bernard, who has beon placed in charge' of the Groat Western Railway surveys, arrived by express last evening. His orders are to push on the work with all Sossiblo expedition from the Humboldt and ling vVilliani Divido and on to Glenora. Eochuana disloyalty increasing. Final V.R.C. acceptances appear in sport- ing column. Extreme heat prevailing in New South Wales. Several deaths from sunstroke. Lord Brassey rapidly recovering from effects of recent accident. Valiant first favourite for the Newmarket Handicap. youth Australian Parliament adjourned until May 1. Six hoif, factories in Adelaide closed owing to striko among operatives. Governor's palace at Crete burnt to the ground; incendiarism suspocted. Six liveB lost by an explosion at Nobel's Dynamite Factory. Steamer Orotnva uninjured. Expected to be afloat in a day or two. Paul Kruger urging the Volksraad to mako the High Courts subservient to the Republic. Goods traffic on North-Eastorn Railway stopped, owing to strike among employees. Syduey city ratos fired at Is. -Id. in the £1 for the current year. Joseph H. Amoru, Consul for Chili in Sydney, sent to gaol for two years for theft. Steamer Oruba had a rough passage from Hobart to Melbourne. She arrived there yesterday morning. Mr. Edward Wingfield succeeds Sir Robert Meade as Permanont Under-äecrotury for the Colonies. Lady Julia Wallace bas bequeathed her Hertford House art collection, valued at over £1,000,000, to the British nation. Tho European Powora, in concert with Great Britain, have definitely settled the Cretan question and secured peace. Perth EmployorB' Defence Association has engaged 75 men in Melbourne to take the place of strikers. New Zealand Parliament will probably meet for a shore session on April G to enable Premier to loave for England. Arthur James Spoar, for robbing the Sydney City Council of £3,G99, gets bíx years' imprisonment. Greek people still bellicose, and a section of the press urging defiance of the Powers, declaration of war, and advance on Mace- donia. tipecial session of West Australian Parlia- ment will bo oalled next month to grant a short supply and mako the way clear for Premier's visit to England. Bisley rino matches will bo open to colonial competitors. Mr. Chamberlain hopes to see the picked shots take port in the Royal cele- brations. Seaman's Union in New Zealand inclined to accept the judgment of Board of Concilia- tion re dispute over rates of wages, if a few minor concessions are made. It is satisfactory to see that several of the Convention candidates in the other colonies are strongly protesting against the talk about unification. There are not a few, misled by the apparent symmetry of centralisation, who are urging these colonies to adopt the French system, and construct a government which shall be composed of an all-powerful central authority, by which laws shall be made, depart- ments administered, and even great businesses carried on, such as the railways. One objection to this pro- posal is obvious and fatal, and it is, that such a system of government could not be constructed in these colonies, even if was ever so desir- able. To talk about unification before we know whether we can federate even in the loosest manner is a waste of time, except so far as all snch discussions tend to educate the people, and give them an -?interest in federal matters. It is probable that .the result of the elections will< not be very different' from what would have happened if the delegates had been selected by the Parliaments, but there can be no doubt about the fact that people within the last few months have learned more about, and have a greater interest in, Federation than during the many years that it has been the subject of discussion. And, so the dissertations on unification and the answers to them are all useful i educational exercises, from which the people begin to see what the actual facts are, and learn to distinguish between fascinating theories, which do not work out in practice, and sound proposals. For, we must bear in mind that the real difficulty is, to get the people generally to Bee the facts. There are plenty of persons who think that they see the facts in regard to all sorts of things, and especially in regard to political sub- jects, but there are comparatively few who really master even that small portion that it is possible to leam. Mr. Dicky tells us that in all political discussions it is merely a question of comparative ignorance, which is, no doubt, true, but this does not exclude the knowledge which we can gain from the study of history, especially as to the working of political institu- tions. Emerson tells us that what we do not know should not "make ùs doubt what we do know, which is a piece of advice of very considerable value if properly applied. Now, we do know certain things about political institutions, which we must adhere to if we wish for success, even though we do not know what would happen if some- thing else was done. We know certainly certain facts about the bi-cameral system, about the folly of attempts to secure finality, and the still greater folly of attempting to legislate by making appeals to mass votes of the peoples. The fathers of the American 1 Constitution dwelt on this last folly at considerable length in justifying their proposals for » Senats, and they ' backed up their arguments with quota- tions from all the best ancient and modern - writers on matters of government It is somewhat curious that we should at this time have to repeat their arguments, which further experience has only confirmed, but the truth is, as we have said, that com- paratively few persons have mastered the facts, and thus are the easy vic- tims of those who come forward with schemes of reform that appear perfect on paper. We may illustiate this by the amazing quantity of talk that is now going on relative to the making of a Constitution which shall give the power to the people to rule just as if someone was proposing to establish a tyranny or an oligarchy, or some other terrible form of go- vernment. Everyone is agreed that in these days and in these colonies the people must rule, but let us hope that the larger number of persons are able to see that the rule of the people does not mean rule by public meetings or by mass votes. Any scheme for deciding matters in this way does not mean the rule of the people, but the rule of political managers and wire- pullers, as can be shown by the his- tory of every country in whioh such rule was attempted. The facts do at least inform us that the best results are < obtained by leaving two Houses to settle their differences by discussion or compro- mise, and that these results are obtained though there are delays and even dead-locks. The system is not what is called a logical one, but we may be sure that if it produces the results there are very good reasons in its favour when we come to see all the facts. There are some other things on which we need not be in doubt, which bear upon this question of unification. One of them is, that in these days and under modern systems Governments are not fit to manage properly large and complicated businesses. They have to manage war because there is no help for it, but the management is usually a terrible muddle, by which lives and treasure are unnecessarily sacrificed, as witness the Crimea. Governments have of late undertaken to control education, but their control is nowhere a success, as we may learn from the agitations going on, so that we are almost tempted to agree with Curdiual Vaughan and the Bishop ov Chesteii, that the State will find it more economical to purchase than to manufacture. This may, perhaps, prove eventually to be the solution of the educational difficulty in England, Manitoba, and elsewhere, as it is, certainly, the solution of difficulties in regard to other matters. The example of the United States, if no other, should teach us that the State cannot well manage any kind of industry in democratic communities, because % of the inefficiency of State work, and the influence of political interests, In the United States the Civil Service is one of the scandals of the country, and we may be sure that if we institute here a great central control, we shall have our scandals in plenty too. The Americans regard the whole thing as a matter of course, so that when one consul apologised for superseding another the reply was : -" I hove no reason to complain. They put a first-claas man out to give me the place. Now they take it away from me. It's wrong, but it's the fortune of war, you know." From such facts as this we may conclude that no greater mistake can bo made than to let official appointments be dependent on the turn of party war- fare. From all this we may learn to doubt the advisability of allowing the cen- tral Government to control the rail- ways of a continent 'and an island, especially when we see what happens under the existing mode of manage- ment. We do not want a whole army of federal Civil servants in these colo- nies, each dependent on the turn of a political battle. In spite of many evils, some of them flagrantly shame- ful, we have managed fairly well so far, though drastic reforms have to be made from time to time, but we shall do well to remember that a rapid development will go on under Federa- tion. A hundred years ago Adams rode on horseback by himself to the :White House and took his position as President; now there is a Bmall army engaged in the ceremony of 'inauguration, and there are further developments at hand. But, apart Jfrom the dangers of political cor- ruption and political passions, no tono fact is clearer than this : that in ?British communities, at all events, the more that is left to local govern- ment the better. The House of Com- mons has already recognised the fact, and it is now clear to all observers that its functions will have to be lessened year by year, so fur as local subjects are concerned. In these 'colonies, seeing that each colony is accustomed to manage its own busi- ness, it seems to us that a Federal Government should have only the power to deal with what are neces- sarily federal matters, that is, matters essential to the good of the whole. These, we think, could be very readily defined, and would not, certainly, in- clude railways, which are for the most part of purely local concern. Unity is required for certain purposes, but for certain purposes only, so that the business of the delegates should be, not to see how much they can give to central authority, but how little, bo long as the main objects of Federa- tion are secured. General satisfaction will be expressed at the intimation just made that Sir Edward Braddon has decided to accept the invitation of Mr. Chamberlain to colonial Premiers to be present in England at the coming celebrations in honour of the Queen's record reign or, at all events, in knowing that Tas- mania will not be unrepresented. The gathering will be one such as the world has never before seen, even in the palmiest days of Imperial Borne. All the realms of civilisation on this terrestrial globe will be represented by their rulers or deputies, and especially the loyalty of Her Majesty's subjectb in all portions of her colonies and dependencies, will be manifested by the presence of leading men who dil eel their destinies. There has boen some little hesitation in acceptance of Mr. Chamberlain's inviUtion, because the Premiers individually and collectively have had to pause between the some- what conflicting influences of inclina- tion and duty before definitely deciding. However, in all of the Aubtralasian colonies but one the way ia being made smooth, and there appears now to bo no reason why nil tho' Premiers should not take part in the national rejoicings. Even in Western Australia, where fraotious faction frets and fumes in matters ad- ministrative and political, and has seemed to block the way, tho people are urging their Premier to go, and for tho time cast cares of State to the winds. Tho brief meeting of the Tasmanian Par- liament early t during the _ coming month will enable the Ministry to squaro up little matters requiring attention before the Premiers de- parture, and ho will return, under present arrangements, iu ample lime for the ordinary session of the year being held at the usual time. _ Under any circumstances the Opposition in the new Parliament, whatever maybe its constituent elements, is not at all likely to attempt any " alarms and ex- cursions "during tho Premier's absence. ,We see by tho English papers that ox ? tensive preparations are being made in various parts of the Empire to celebrate what some have agreed to call the Queen's Diamond Jubilee, and that the subject is being discussed daily. At present, however, no very definite conclusion has been reached, but there are dozens of projects mooted, while some persons have already taken action to mark the great occasion. Lord Northbourne has given land to ,the Corporation of Jarrow to extend the public park, Bristol has decided to build a convalescent home ata cost of £40,000, whilst there aro proposals for a great clergy sustentation fund, winch is to provide for many hard workers who are badly paid at the present time. The Mohammedans of India _ are making very extensive Ereparations to secure a hearty cole ration, and in various parts of the Empire similar work is going on. These colonies, so far, have done nothing except agree to send all thoir Premiers home but one, and we must express our surprise that the people of New South Wales show so little real interest in the occasion. No doubt Air. Keid is anxious to earn the honour and glory of having been the prime mover in tho business of Federation, and he appears to think, also, that if ho goes away there will be intrigues against his Ministry, which may jeopardise both his position and Freetrade. Now, so far as Federation is concerned, wo do not think that Mr. Reid is likely to gain more honour than he has obtained already, whilst in som o respects his absence from the Convention would be rather a gain than a loss.. But, the plain and simple courao io. to follow the example, once again, of Tasmania, and declare a political truco for the time re- quired for the due representation of the colony in London. Here, the Opposition leader has agreed nob to vex the Ministry while its head is away, and why should not New South Wales follow a similar course ? Such a truce would bo a graceful tribute to the importance of tho occasion, and would be a token to the whole world that the Imperial spirit prevails over local feuds. For our part, we should like to see tho whole of the Australasian colonies united in one .special demon- stration on the occasion, and we think that the various Governments should consult with each other, in order to see if they cannot como to some agreement, and thus take one small stop in the direction of federal action. The figures which we published yester- day showing the returns from the Mount Lyell Co.'s smelters are, cer- tainly, worthy of special attention. For, they show the enormous riches which lie concealed in material which for a considerable timo was thought to bo of little value, and reveal, once again, the important part which skill plays in promoting the success of industries. We can, indeed, find no- where a more remarkable example of this than what is revealed in these I figures, which show how much labour is dependent on the skill and knowledge which it is so often told to despise. Without the application of what may be called special and supreme skill the Mount Lyell ore could not have been successfully worked, and numer- ous now promising ventures on the West Coast could never have come into existence. It follows that the large body of workingmen now finding employment have to thank the shareholders who took the bold course of obtaining tho skill required, in, which, of course, they ran some risk while they showed tho value of that intelligence which sees what is the necessary thing to be done. In about eight months the company has dealt with some 33,610 tons of ore, which has had to be treated in a special manner, because of its peculiar char- acter. This quantity of oro has given 2,955 tons, roughly speaking, of what is called converter matte, which con- sists of the whole of the metals in a combined state, and which presents the appearance not unlike what may bo called a very bad speci- men of imitation gold. The matte looks as if it nad benn fairly boiling in the smelters, which it has been probably. The yield of copper was some 1,540 tons, or at very nearly the rate of half a ton of copper to a ton of ore.. The silver produced was 97,839 'ounces, and roughly speaking we may ¡say that there, wore 3oz. of silver to (each ton of ore. The total quantity of gold produced,was 0,159 ounces, or at ,the rate_ of lVdwt. Ogr. to the ton of ore, .not taking into account the portions of ,an ounce. Now, such ti roturn as this from quartz crushed in the ordinary way would be a very handsome ono 'indeed, and would rejoice the hearts of the minors of Ballarat and Bendigo. Tho smelting process, necessary from the character of the ore, is a much moro complicated and costly one than that usually employed in gold- mining, and it requires considerable skill and ex- perience to carry out at a cost that will leave a profit. Domain Cluu.-The last meeting will ho held on Monday next. The "Montana" ladies will arrange all the tennis sets, they having courteously relinquished their right to the ground for the day. "Tub Mau." Illustrations.-The pic- torial pages of this week's Mail are of a varied and interesting cbaraoter. A Urge view is given of Teaman's Arch, and a smaller one of Lake Ferry, contiguous to the Hartz Mountains. Reproductions are executed of paintings by Miss Hope (Hobart), and By the well known European artist, Mr. G. H. Swinstead. Occasion has beeu taken to present subscribers with a specially photographed picture of R.M.S. China as she waa berthed at the Hobart wharf, and as a companion pioturo the barque Duncraig is portrayed lying in mid-stream. A memento of the Horne-Hardmau wedding at Launceston, and portrait« of the late Mr. j W. Cahill (Counoil Clerk at New Norfolk) and Mr. A. E. Nicholson (the deceased foot- baller) make np a collection of photo. - engraving« that week after week appeal to all part« of Tasmania. The Prkmiib Visits England_Tie Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) has notified the Governor (Lord Gormanston) and the Right Hon. J. Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies, that he aocepts tbe invitation to visit England in conneotion with the celebration of Her Majesty's record reign. Sir Edward will be accom- panied by Lady Braddon. He purposes to leave here early in May, and will return aa soon as possible after tho celebration. Trinity College.-Local candidates al the examinations in mutdcal knowledge for Triuity College, London, must send in their names with entrance fee today. The regu- lations aro to bo soon at the music collers. Have You Indiokbtion Î with pain in tho chest after eating, Flutulonce, Pimplen on the Face, and those vory troublcboiun Skin Erup- tions which nro dependent upon Dyspepsia? If ko you will And a remedy In Goulds Dioi:s ï ivis I'oWDEii. A fow dosos lakon beforo each meal will boon relievo the dlntrciiHlng symptoms of Indigestion, and if continued for a short time a permanent cure 1b efrcoted. Gould a Diqestivb Powdkb is sold all over the colonies in bottles at Is. Ou. each, or three "bottles tor ia. Post free to any addres». H. T. OOUJUD A CO.. ft KUubtihaUMt, Hobart. Tue Mimstkr of Lands' Tour_Tho Hon, A, T. Pillinger has returned from his tour on the West Coast in the beat of health, Ho has dono good work there, and having seen for himself tho condition of things will bo able to further gratify, to the fullest utont tho funds will permit, tho demands of thot increasingly impartant part of the eolony Lio was moro than ever convinced of ibu fiornianonoy of the mineral fields, particu- larly with tho Mount Lyell mine, over which and the smelting works uud railway he was ehon n by the oQioials in charlo, and ho much regrets that ho will be unable, through stress of office work, to accept the invitation of the Mount Lyell directors to attorn! the formal opening of their railway next month, ile noticed with rogrot that much of the trado, especially ¡u mo.it, of the mining Holds is being dono with Victoria. Tho Zeahan-N.15. Dundas light railway was on excellent work, and good progress had been made. The Government v.ould wait and see what steps tho promoters of tho Waratah Zeehan railway took towards the construc- tion of that private line before carrying the light railways into country that the pi oposed line would tap. Although ho had not orosaed it on this ocoasion, he knew tho dangers and difficulties of the Macquarie Harbour bar, and the West Coasters had not forgotten to remind him of the matter, Iho Government now had the question of deepening the bar under consideration. Concerning the main roads over which he travelled to and from the Weat Coast, he says that from Waratah to Zeehan, by woy of Trial Harbour, is in good repair, but the aattlo traok between theBO places, by which some 13 miles ara saved, is in bad oondition, and he has ordered its repair in the worst parts. From Mount Lyell-on his homeward journey-ho found tho cart road completed almost to the King River, and the track thence through to tho Iron Store in first-class oondition. From tho Derwent bridge the road is in good condition, and there is not the slightest difficulty in driving a vehicle through to the Ouse. With a deviation to avoid the Bteep grade at Mount Arrowsmith, the construction of a road of about 40 miles in length will open up very satisfactory wheel communication between Hobart and Lyell, In consequenco of tbo amount of oflico work that has accumulated duriughiB absence the Ministor will bo unable to deal with Mr. Marsdon's report on the shortening of the Linda track before next week. A Hard Case.-A correspondent sends dotoils of a regrettable Incident in oennection with a bushfire at Zeehan on the IStb ¡nat. S. Mainwaring, a steady, hard-working miner, who has been on Zeehan field for soveral years, had been working for four montiiB, day and night, In his spare time to oroot a oottago, ho finding tho labour and a friend the timber. Tho cottage was just finished, and Mainwaring was living in it at half-rent, when a raging wind carried a bush fire in that direction, and in IO minutos or so the house and its contenta, with the exception of a little bedding and the obildren's olotbes, werodestroyed, as wellns another house oloae by belonging to Mr. 1'. L. Reid, who also owned half Mainwartag's hnUBC. The property was ontlrnly uninsured. Mainwaring was injured and burnt in his efforts to beat back the Sames from destroy- ing his house. He was in somewhat poor oiroumstanoee, having of late been working an unsuccessful tribute, and now that his all his been destroyed ho appears to be doscrving of praotical sympathy. Zeehan minora and others aro raiting a subBoription to enable him to make another sturt, and it is thought some Hobart residents might like to assist. Zeehan Fire Fund.-A subscription is beiug raised in aid of the Mainwaring family, who lost their home and furniture by a bush fire at Zeehan on Thursday, February l8, 1897\. We will be glad to receive donations towards this fund :-P. L. Reid, Andrcw Etreet, £1. TnE Preservation op Exported Butter -The Premier (Sfr Edward Braddon) has received the following cablegram from Sir George Turner, Premier of Victoria :-"I have recoived the following telegram from the âgent-General, viz :-'Arrangements are boing made to show that the use of biraoio acid in preBervatea to preserve butter is injurious to hoalth, and legal pro- ceedings are threatened. In conjunction with Mew South Wales, New Zealand, and other colonies I am taking proceedings to proteot interests, Iuform other Govern- ments. Signed Andrew Clarke, Agent General,' " Citv Police Court.-The Pollos Magia trato (Mr. B. Shaw), and Mr, F. H. Crisp, J.P., presided yesterday. Edmund Sheehan and Emily Hixley pleaded guilty toabroaoh of the Codlin Moth Act, and were fined 10s., costs remitted. Clarence Police Court. -At the Clai enoo Polioe Court yesterday, the Hon. Henry Lamb, J.f., presiding, William Jones, of Risdon, was charged with a breach of the Rabbit Aot, in that he did not take sulli oient means to destroy the rabbits on land ocoupied by him. Ho pleaded not guilty. Isaao Newit, sworn, said ho was an inspector under the Rabbit Aot for the municipality of Clarence, and produced the returns tor tho month of Ootober, 1890, and for January, 1897\. He considered tbo defendant's land badly infested, but the rabbits wero not so numerous then as in the preceding October, Believed defendant did all he could to destroy tho rabbits. Know of his laying two tina of poisoned oats in January on the land when the rabbits were most numerous. Was of opinion that the lands of Messrs, Cleburno, Sargeant, and Jones are fed by tbo rabbits from the Heighton district, which they adjoiu. Witness inspected one (a part of Mr. Jones') run in January. George Lowo deposed that ho was employed bark- ing on defendant's run in January last. Crossed tho run daily, and never saw more than five or six rabbits in a day, Had often met Mr, Jones' son carrying rabbits. Did not notico Mr, Jones' orop having been eaten by rabbits. Had seen 15 or 10 persons hunting and shooting on Mr. Jones' run. John Davis gave similar evidence. Tho cuso waB dismissed. A man named Wells, for stealing a quantity of potatoes, the proporty of W. Morriaby, waa sentenced to 21 days' imprisonment. Benevolent Society. - Tho ordinary meeting of tbe executive committee of thiB soaiety was held yesterday afternoon. Preaent-Rev. J. W. Simmons (chairtran), Mossrs. T. Mather, G. S. Crouoh, T. Ben nisan, and Alderman G. Kerr. Tho report showed that 208 families, comprising 925 persons, had received relief during the week. Eight new applications for aid wero dealt with, Donations as follow :-Mrs, Robert Walker, per Mr, Ceoil Walker, £5 ; Mr. J. Mitchell, £2 ; wero acknow- ledged with thanks. Tho meeting then closed. Ï.MC.i.-The usual monthly meeting was held last evening, introduced, as usual, hy a tea and social half-hour. There Were about ,30 members and friends preaont. After tea the moro formal bueinoB of the evening was disposed of, the various branohoB of the work being discuasod, and reference made to the Biblo- olasB, Gospel Temperance, and Mission Band work. Also some preparation was made for the annual business meeting to bo hold in March. Financially, it was reported that ten gifts of £5 each, asked for at the last annual meeting, had alabeen received, and that 4j¡ of £10 each out of the ten asked for bad been promised, and members were asked to ondeavour to secure piomisoa for the amounts still required. After the business had been disposed of the Eov. Hunter, who is noting as locum ttnent for the Rev. Dixon, gave a helpful and interesting address, and Mr. M. A. Pratt also spoke. A pleasant meeting was brought to a close by singing the Y.M.O.A. hymn at about 9.30 p.m. Wood's Australasian Sklf-baibinq Flour Tho best. All Respeotable Grocers. Hoiiabt Teachers' Guild.-A general meeting of the Hobart Teachers' Guild will bo held to-day, when a paper on " Boarding Schools v. Day Schools," from parents', pupils', and teachers' points of view will be I read, and the adjourned diaoussion on State aohool exhibitions will take place. The teachers' annual picnic will be held to- morrow. W O O D ' I AUSTRALASIAN SlU-BAISIMO Floor. Mad* only from the Finest Farts of Wheat. Sold everywhere ConssonoN.-In report of the Ministering Children's League sale, in yesterday's Usub, the name "Mrs. Dr. Harvey" should have appeared Instead of " Mrs, Dr. Hardy." Midland Agricultural Association. A general meeting of chis association will be held on Wednesday next at noon, at Lawaon's Hotel, Campbell Town, Beaconsfield Coitauk Hospital_We have received a copy of the sevcntli annual report of the Beaconsfield Cottage Hospital. The contents are brief but pleasant reading, for they show that while 51 patients wore admittod to the institution during the past year nono of them died. The total receipta, including balance of £93 Ile, 5d. from pre- vious year, wero £430 13a. 2d.,-and tho expenditure £365 8i. 7(1., leaving a credit balnnco of £71 4s. 7d Alteration op Day of Bridgewater Stock Sale.-To meet the convenience and wishes of the trade on uccount of North v. South Butchers' cricket match, fixed for Wednesday next, Hobarts and Co. Limited will hold their next Bridgewater Sale on Tuesday, March 2, one day earlier than asnal. , . One of the things for which Taioanla it notod-OAWAM AU, Tub Weather.-A. heavy fall of rain appears to have been general throughout the island, and will do muoh good. The wind has been tompostuoua in many place«, but no sorloiiB damage is reported, Sea- ward tho weather is still rough, and from Mr. YVraggo'ti prediction shipping in tho l'nsman Boa is¡llkely to havo a rough time. Masonic.-In íoply to a telegram for- warded hy tho M.VV. the Grand Master of Tasmania, oonvcylnu sympathy of the fratornity to thoM.W.G.M. of. Victoria at his recent aocldont, a cabio roply was re coived from Lord ßrussey on lhnrsday, acknowledging tho kind inquiry and »ym¿ patliy, and stating ho wob mending rapidly. Loud Brassry's Accident.-Melbourne) papers give tho following details of the accident which befel Loid Biascey whilst riding in Albcif-pnik. Between 5 and & o'clock p.m. a party from Government House sot ont for an hour's lido beforo dinner. The party comprised Lord Brassey, Lady Margaret Icmuy, Mr. Icmay, and three) daughters of tiotd Glasgow. All were mounted on lior«cb.xck, lils Excellenoy riding a mr.ttlcBomo but thoroughly good tempered mid trustworthy animal. Tho horseB1 heads wera turned towards Albert park, on tho ¡jreon sward of which, running parallel with Qucon's-torrace, it hus boen tho Governor's practice to indulge in an occasional gallop. Whon tho track choBon for the apin was reached Lord Braesey and Lady Mnrgarot Ismay, who woro slightly iu advunco of tho remainder of the party, went away at a smart gallop. Mr. Ismay, riding some little distance in the rear, wan startled suddenly on obeorving tho Governor's horno drop Uo immediately Bpod to tho oceno of the misadventure. Lord Brassey was thou lying partially under the horse-tho animal not huviug yet recovered his feet-with blood marks on his faoo ; hi« helmet was ornshed do.Mi upon his head, and bo was ovideotly Bullering muoh pain. With 8omo difficulty HU ICxoellouey wa« relieved from his helpless punition, Lady Margaret Ismay had also observed tho acci- dent, and pulling her horse round she quickly rejoined her husband, and, did what «he could to londer Loid Brimaey's position aa boarablo as was peaniblo in the cir- cumstances. A passing driver promptly placed his vohiolo at the servloe of the party, and Lord Brassey, attended by Lady Margaret -Ismay, returned to Government House, where the faots having been communicated to Lord Richard Nevill, a mossage was at once sent to Mr. Charles Ryan requesting his immediate attendance. Mr, Hyan, on arriva], found that his Excellency was suffering from simple fracture of Ihn right collar-bono, in addition to which ho had reccivod numorous con- tusions about the bond, face and shoulders, and severo gouoral shook. It was perhaps fortunato that his Excollonoy was, at the time of the aooident, wearing a stout summer helmet, When in fulling ho struck tho ground simultaneously with his shoulder and bead, the holmet mut tho full forco of the impact, and its elasticity averted what might other- wise have been grave injuries to the head. Lord Richard Nevill found difficulty in accounting for the fall of the horse, which, baB alwayB boon regarded as a most Bare- footed animal. An inspection of the ground where tho f»U took placo, howevor, supplied the ncodod explanation, for a hole was discovered in whioh the horso had evidently caught ono of his foralogs. The holo appeared to Lord Nevill to he tho outcome» of some dofcot in a drain pipe which traverses tho ground just bolow the level of the graüt!. A Bolt.-Vontorday afternoon a horse harnessed to a butcher's cart, in charge of Gaorgo Allcock, bolted from tho anglo of Hill and Warwiok-alroetB whilst the driver was serving some oustomcre. Tho horso turned into Harrington- stroot, and when near Mclvillc-strcct the reins heoamo en- tangled in the wheels of the vehicle, and caused tho animal to fal). It was then seized by a bystander, until others oame on the scene and stopped its further progress. No damage was dono to the cart, and the horBO escaped with a slight grazing, Tea Treu.-The annual pionio took place on Saturday, 20th ¡nat., at the \\\ illows, by kind permission of Mr. Joseph Barwlok. About 150 assembled, inoluding friends from the surrounding districts and Hobart. After the good thing« provided by the ladies had booti partaken of, the usual picnio gamos woro played, with swings and lollio scrambles for the children, till darkness warned ovoryone that it was timo to starb for home, bringing to a closo a most onjoy able gathering, , For good trade Grocers should koop only Wood's Adstualasian Self-raising Flour. Linotype Man.-The San Francisco' 'Argonaut says :-For yoars tho intelligent compositor has played hnvoo with writers. But now that ho is disappearing, it ¡b only fair to admit that in his most subtle, bia most crafty, his most ingenious moments, he never wob " iu it" with tho Linotype Man. Tho reading of one's morning paper has gradually come to bo like a mathematical puzzle, iu which you slowly pioce together the dismembered fragments of a paragraph. Through tho thick fog distilled by tho Linotypo Mau there dimly appears an idea, there sturts out of the dark a name. When the Transvaal danpatohes wero coming the other day tho Linotypo Man. spoke darkly and mysteriously in various San Francisco dailies of " Hess, the African oritio, of a well-known," etc; of "Hess, of Attica, a well-known dramatic oritio," etc.;. of "The critical HesB, an Afrioan, well known," otc, From thoao various versions of the telegrams, ob filtorod through the (logera of tho Linotypo Man, it was im- possible to toll whothor Hess was a negro or a whito man, a dramatic oritio, or a statesman, or whether ho was simply known ob " Hess the Afrioan," or was Mr. Barnes of New York." As a matter of faot, there is in London ono Honry Boss, who odits an influential papor called the African Critic ; ho had cabios from his brother in Johannesburg, who edits the South African Critic. Those faots, to those who already know thom, wero still recognisable, dospito tho efforts of the Linotypo Man, To thoao who did not know them his framing of the facts must still remain, Uko bo moah of his work, a dark and inscrutablo mystery, But when tho Linotypo Man really wishes to befog hie renders, ha Btops abruptly, and fills out his lino with mysterious characters, thus : "Tho truth, ho«over, ia : ***]lli(Ki| ||¡£ -«)[*(£) §§idooh/ / WO**-15-00® £ btmlm f//.-u eta[(J)] 037 fmro." , Ask your Grocer for Wood's Austral- asian Sklf-raisino Flour. Take no other. An Electric Omnibus.-Tho experi- mental omnibus belonging to the Landon Electric Omnibus Co., and propolled by elootrioity on tho Radoliffo Ward system, recently made a successful trial trip. Starting from Northunibcrland- avonue, it waa able to ascend the comparatively steep Blope of St. Martin's-lano without any difficulty, although it was loaded with all but the full number of passengers it is con ntruotcd to carry and the streets wore far from being in a good condition. In the crowded trafilo of Oxiord-Btroot it showed itsolf to bo perfeotly under tho control of the driver as regards both steering and speed. It easily threaded ita way among other vehicles, and its pace could bo regulated at will to pass almost everything olse on the road or to crawl along with the slowest, while its powerful brakes enabled it to be pulled up deid within a yard or two, The pneumatio cushions interposed between the frame and the oar do much to diminish vibration, and tho smoothnoss and eaaineas of the running aro in marked contrast to the uneasy rumble whioh usually accompanies fondón omnibuses. BOOTS FOR THE MILLION.-J. N. Pool has just unpacked another big shipment of Boots and Shoos from tho leading American and Continental Manufacturers. Ladies and Gentlemen requiring an up-to-date Boot should not fail to see these beautiful good». J. N. Pool's motto-small profits and quick returns. Cash only. Address-Pool's Boot Palace, 91, Liverpool-street. Also at 146V Liverpool-street 