THE BUSH TELEPHONE. To one who has known life in the bash, with all its changes, since the old squatting days, there is nothing more surprising than to find two or three stations connected with each: other by means of a telephone. There is scarcely any expense save the cost of the instruments. The mode of connect ing two steadings is very simple. The wire fence is universal throughout Aus tralia, and (except in rainy weather) there is no better conductor. A wire is carried on a few poleB from the honse to the nearest wire fence, and a connection lis made with the top wire. Where there is a gateway a couple of poles carry the wire overhead. Where the fence- wire is joined by a sailor's knot it is necessary I to make a connection with a smaller | wire. The main wire is filed bright on lone side and the small wire wound closely round it six or eight times. The same thing is done on the other side of the knot. Dry fence-posts make excellent non-conductors, but in time of heavy rain the telephone does not work, .as the wet wood forms a conductor. 'Pew fences run directly from one i station homestead to another, but this does not interfere with the working of the telephone. While at Yarrabee Park lately (writes " Bruni") I noticed how well the telephone worked and learned that it ran in a zig-zag fashion for over 20 miles to the next station and was continued for over a dozen miles to another station. Conversation was easily carried on over 35 miles' of wire fencing. The value of such a telephone in locating a bushfire is in valuable. Mr. Stead, the manager of Yarrabee Park, told me that when out on the run in summer he carried a port able telephone, and in case of fire he (knowing the fence used for the tele phone between the homesteads) would connect with the wire and give timely warning. The connection with the i railway-station saves a deal of trouble, ; as inquiries about goods, trucks, &c.;, and the sending away of telegrams can be managed without leaving the house. The telephone to the woolshed has now become indispensible on all large sheep stations. Of old the bash telegram was a light, well-monnted horseman, who. gave information to the bushrangers of the movements of the police or a likely quarry. The bush telephohe is em ployed for much more useful purposes, and it serves to keep a spirit of com panionship among the residents on neighboring stations. 