OUR MUSWELLBROOK LETTER. [FnoM ona Kepkebentativh.] Tiib ' Medmesosib ^Correspondent.' — Tho Scone correspondent of the Mercury has been allowed, again in last Friday's issue to assume tho role of infallible censor on a matter of which he had no personal knowledge, and therefore had no ngut to otter an opinion at all. Nothing he has asserted has shaken in the least whab I stated in my communication of the 8th inat. My mesEfigo was delayed, and no proof has yot been forthcoming as to i where the delay occurred. I repeat' that I handed in. the message at Stewart's Brook at 3,30 p.m., or close to thab time (supposing ray watch was a few minutea slow) and believe, though I would not be certain, that I marked '3.30' ai well as the date on tho paper upon which my mer sage was written. As to the statemene that ' fi.30' were the ' official' figures indioiting tho'timj thit the message was received at Ste wart's Brook, I would Bay they ;were placed in error upon it, bv a Blip of the pen if placed thereon ab all, for much men tal penetration is not neoded to know that if writ tan hurriedly there would be little difference in appearance between 5.80 and 3.30, I may also point out that I made no direct oharge against the Senne tilograph officials, and that there wrb littlo to excite the ire of anyone in what was Baid. The substance of my statement in reference to the mes sage whioh has evoked the criticism was ... ' Tho lady in charge of the office (Stewart's Brook) told me she would send tt away promptly aud I presume she did. . . . Stewart's Brook is oon connoctod with Scone by telephone, aud ib would appear it was at the latter plaoe my message was delayed, and some explanation of tha seeming neglect should be forthcoming.' If the aenBago was not delayed at Scone why should tho Scone telegraph officials or their friends feul the least annoyance about tho matter. 'He that hath light within his own clear breast can sit i' the oentre and enjoy bright day.' And again a mes sage might be delayed ia an office without tho offi cials being in any way culpable. I blamed no one. I merely condemned tha delay that had taken place, wrote adversely upon whab I termed the 'storing' of telegraphio messages. Suppose tbo lady official at Stewart's Brook ' called' or 'rang up,' according to telephone phraseology, the Scone operator shortly after she received my message on the 5th insb and he was not then pre pared to receive ib from her that would not prove that the Stewart's Brook officer was to blame io any way, or that my message was not handed in at the time stated. This one example , proves that it is possible various things in conheobion with the transmitting of messages on this' day in question would havo to bo considered in making a thorough enquiry to get at the bottom of the matter in dis pute. I decline to think without proof that tha operator where the telegram was senb from was ro blame, and do not dosiro to catib a reflection upon aDy ono as I have already explained. [This matter may be allowed to drop, — Ed.J A Bushfire. — A buubflre occurred on a portion of the Edinglassia Estate, on Sunday evnning, and though ib was quickly gob 'into subjection smoke from ib was plainly notfoeablo in Muswollbrook throughout yostorday. Thb CnuiiGH: op England — Salis of Wobk.— -A Bftlo of work on nn elaborate Bonle will bo engaged in about tho middle, of next month in aid of the funds of the Muswellbrook branch of the Church of England. A number of ladies, at tho head of whom ia Mrs. Wilson of 'The Cottage,' are actively engaged making preparations for the undertaking which promiaoB to be in overy way a brilliant suc cess. ? ' A SucoussFur. Purrn. — MIsb Emily 'Daniels, a pupil of the local Convent High School has gained a prize in the Australian Copy Book Annual Writing Competition arranged by MesBrs. Angus and Eobara Bon, of Sydney. Festivities at Murrurundi. — Tho neighbouring town of Murrurundi will bo in holiday garb to morrow when a new Oddfellows Hall will bo formally opened by Mr, Fitz Gtorald, tho Member for tho Electorate. Thia ceromony will bo followed by a banqust and a ball, and some looai instrumen talists under tbo leadership of Mr. McMillan aro journeying northwards to supply tho music for tho dance. Tuesday morning. 