THE CONSERVATION OF STATE FORESTS. For a considerable time past it has been recognised that the question of the conservation of the State forests was one of considerable im- portance to the community generally, and to raining districts in particular. The Govern- ment, has shown its appreciation of the import- ant character of the question by appointing a Royal Commission to inquire into and report on the matter. Although it is admitted that a deal more might be done in the matter if the control of the forests were placed under a separate department, which would deal with it in a business-like way, still under existing cir- cumstances fair work is being effected in the direction of improving and conserving the State forests and timber reserves. One branch of that work is being carried out under what is known as the "thinning out license system," and any person walking or driving through the bush in the surrounding districts cannot fail to be impressed by the striking contrast be- tween those blocks which have been operated upon and those where the trees have been allowed to remain in their natural state. In the latter case the ground is covered by a thick undergrowth, which provides a cover for rab- bits and other pests, besides largely increasing the risk of bushfires. Under the licenses the woodcutters are only allowed to fell those trees or limbs which have been previously "marked," and they have also to remove or burn off all the loppings and undergrowth. The principle of " the survival of the fittest " is strictly fol- lowed by the' Crown lands bailiffs, who in marking the trees which are to be destroyed take every care that the healthiest and best are left. During the present season about 500 acres have been " thinned out," principally in the Mandurang, Lockwood, Eaglehawk, Huntly, Wellsford and Axedale, Strathfieldsaye and Sheepwash forests or timber reserves. For this district 75 licenses have been allotted by the department for this season, and of this number about 60 have already been issued, and the remaining 15 will be over aps plied for before the work is discontinued for this year, which will probably be in November. Yesterday Inspector Blackburne, of the Forestry department, paid one of his periodical visits to this district, and an Advertiser re- porter accompanied him on a tour through the timber reserves surrounding the city. The manner in which the woodcutters had carried out their work under the supervision of Fore- man-forester T. Bailes and Crown lands-bailiff W. P. Freyer was found to be very satisfactory. 