LETTER COMPETITION. " Barnard street West, June 19. -R.R.H.] “ Dear ' Red Riding Hood.'—This is the second time I have written to you, and I hope this will be a success. I went down to see the procession on Easter Monday and it was very nice. Then I went into the »how grounds to so© the sports, whore I enjoyed myself very much, and now I will begin my story Two little boys wore playing together in a farmyard, when a la black snake crawled out of a log of wood, near whore they wore playing, and glided towards them. The boys seeing the snake began to run and cry out for help. Their father, who was chopping wood near them, came with his ax© and killed the snake, and the boys were saved.” I must now conclude my letter, hoping you are in the best 7 of health. I remain your friend, Richard Slone, aged 13 years,” “ Panton street. Golden Square, June 29. “ Dear * Rod Riding Hood.’—This is the first time I have written to you, but as I was looking in the Independent I saw letters written by children and I thought I would like to write too. We are getting a good drop of rain now, which is needed very much. I remember hearing about the poor cattle that were dying and I was glad when the rain came. I will tell you about a little girl whoso name was Nellie. This little girl had watched her grand-mother knitting so often that she thought she know all about it. One day, as she saw her mother knitting, she said, “ Mother, may I help you with that stocking?” “ Yes,” said her mother ; “ but do you know how to do it, Nellie?” “Oh yes, mother, I have seen grandmother knitting so often, I am sure I can do it.” Nellie got on all right until she came to the heel, where she managed to make it more like a dunce’s cap than anything else. But Nellie cheerfully undid the work she had done badly, and tried again. She succeeded next time, and was glad she had not given it up. Nellie can knit stockings well now. If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again. This is what I mean to do if you should please let me write again. This is all I have to say now as it is getting late. I remain yours, etc., Florence Elliott, aged 12 years 2 weeks*” [I am glad you have taken such a good motto Florence, and hope you will write again soon. “ Oak street, Golden Square, Juno 27. “Dear ‘ Red Riding Hood,* —When I wrote last I did not intend being so long before I wrote agniu. Since my last letter we have been on our annual holidays and wo spent part of our time in Melbourne near the Red Rluff and not far from the two sailors’ graves, I saw mentioned in one of your little friend’s letters. Wo spent the remainder of our time in Gippsland, Ncerim South, and the scenery is beautiful. The lovely hills are so steep and the valleys are full of ferns which grow to a great height, and creepers of every description twine around the trunks. We drove from our friend’s house to Neerira, about five miles and saw an immense tree, the centre of which has been burnt out by a bush-fire, and the hollow is so largo that if the open ing wore big enough one could drive the phaeton aud ponies in easily. I am sorry to say my little sister’s sightisnot improving. She is under Dr. Jackson, of Melbourne, and has to go down once a month. To make matters worse she is just recovering from searlet fever. I went to the jubilee treat and enjoyed myself very much. There were great paius taken to make the day enjoyable for the children. I think my letter is long enough, so with best love, I remain, yoqr little friend, Daisy Hughes, aged 11 years.” “Tragowel, June 28. “ Dear ‘ Red Riding Hood,’ —I am to try and win a prize for writing letters to the paper. I am going to try and write regularly to you. We had such a nice rain on Thursday night ; it will do the grass good. Wo have very easy times now. We are only milking seven cows, and we only got a very little drop of milk,'and we have to feed them twice a day. They like the hay very much and they arc never con tent with what they got. The horses are very fond of it also. They go away for a little while and then come up and stay up at the garden gate until we give them dome.—Tour loving friend, Ruby Barclay, aged 10 years and five months.” 