Brevities. Butler arrested. * Municipal polling to-day, Sonh' moist Monday night. Try Judges'Baking Powder.* Foresters' meet Thursday night. ,» • Miss Caddkn, Penrith, teacher of Music.* Picnic races, at Rooty Hill on the 20tl) February. ' Our old friend, !'Japonic!)," has an article in this issue. Manchester Unity Oddfellows meot Tuesday night. To incut tjie times Judges special blend of Tea at Is pur lb,* ' ' . Dont forget to send in entries to tho Luddcndam Show by Monday next. f ' Grown Land Sale at Penrtli, this Saturday after noon, at half post three. I Tenders-close on Monday next, for two valuers ior the St. Marys Municipality. " Don't you believe it^"-yThe cackle of BOtna people who say they'Bell as cheap as Mills.* Princess Louise of Belgium, wife of Price Philip •■-,</ of Snxe-Ooburg-Qotha, haB qloped with an Austrian ,Y oflicur. . [ ' Bntries closoon Monday next for the Luddcnham Show, which takes pl ace on . the 23rd and 24th February. • Bone dust and fertilising > manures always on: hand at. W. and JJ. Fulton's,, Cumberland House, , Penrith,*;. ■ ■' _ ' , On account of the severe beat, bush-fireB are rag- \v ing in different parts of the district; as also in other parts of the colony. Do not miss the opportunity^ of buying good reli able drapery at griatly reduced prices at H. Neale's Nepean Cash Stores.* • .• , * In Bombay, India, the bubonic plague has spread to tlio'gaols of the city, and it is proposed to remove , the prisoners to the country. A full report of the Municipal proceedings at . Penrith, St. Marys, .Cftstlerengh, and Mulgoa, on t~> Tuesday, will be found on our second page. - Genuine- goods ut- genuinely-reduced rates for genuine spot cash at Mills'Railway HouBe,* An interesting letter from Mr, T. Quigley, who resided at Kingswood some,time ago, but who is now in Wostralia,. appears on our seventh page! Mrs. Cardw has been sentenced to death at Yoko* ■ .. hama, Japan, for the murder of her husband, the X late secretary/of the:(Jnifed Club of Yokohama. A good story cannot be too ofton told. It's an 'old and a true titory tbat- Mills' drapery is cheapest.* Wesleyan fiiucy and floral fair on February 17th nnd 18th. The Hon. Joseph Coolf, Postmaster* General, ;wjll open the fair .at 8 p.mi on" the first dajv ' ;'. ']./?■ '' ■ . ' . ! ' The publican's booth, refreshment booth, ana luncheon bootjiifor the Luddenham Show will be sold by -Mr,'iA>'! Colless: on • Wednesday next at. ■3 p.m.'-, '• ■ • A now lino of nickel plated lamps, porcelain, ' shades, just imported, from America at is 6d each, at If. Neale'a Nopean Cash > Stores, 25., Candle j power.* . - - ■ ... 1 Intcnso heat has been experienced, this week. TV' Raid is badly needed ; if it does not soon come there . will-bo a poor look- out indeed for our farmers and orchardists ' ' On Tueday, a rifle purchased from Butler by a second-hand dealer, and which ,is supposed to have been the property of Loo Weller, was recove/ed by the police, ...V ■ Great excitement in the district on Wednesday morning when tho news-was received Btoting that Butler, of Mountaiu murder fame, had been arrested at San Francisco. Good Tea, in tins, Bibs, nett weight, for 8s 3d. Judges Bros, See advt.* The Committee of the Luddenham Agricultural Society arc calling for tenders for a band of aix performers for. the second day of their'show. • Tenders close on Tuesday next. •, Fruit Preserving Jars and Jelly Tumblers at H. Neale's Nopeau Cash Stores, Cheap.* . Messrs, Weaver and perry (in.conjunction with Mr. \V. ,Gosper) will nfEer 150 head choice dairy . cattle, at Gosper's sale yards, Windsor, on Wednesr day next, vale to oommenee at 11 o'clock. The Nepian District Agricultural, Horticultural and Industrial Show, has been postponed to the 11th, 12th, and 13th March next, on account of the Federal Convention Election falling on the first dntb previously fixed./ Great Clearance Sale of General Drapery now on at H. -Nenle'a Nepean Cash Stores.* ,A man named Charles Freeman has perished from thirst on the journey from Lake Way to Cue, "W.A. -' His mate, William T. Francis, was discovered by some prospeotors. He had stabbed his wrist uud Buckcd t ho blood to assuage his thirst. He was mad when found. Excessive heat was, oxper throughout tho colony, and i high readings of tho thermom The . thermometer at Ungarir tho shade. At. Wilcannia tl .temperature was. HOdeg, i 118deg. .. Clearing-out sale at Mr. deuce, Eastorn Creek, this l ,, „ at 12 o'clock. - ..Milch cows, ■ Bpringers, jersey heifers, draught and light harness horses, drays, waggons, farming implements, buggy, spring-cart,, oaten^bay, eto, * For- absolute unreserved sale. Luncheon provided; Messrs, Weaver and Perry^ auotioneers. ' oncod on Tuesday ome phenomenally iter were recorded, recorded 1201eg. in maximum shade I at Mount Hope imos Walker's resU .urdav. commencim? : ; Speaking; at Birmingham on Saturday, Mr. Chamberlain said that a personal representation of the whole Enipiro at the celebration of the Queon's record'' reign would bo iv fitting tribute to her Majesty. Great: good would result from it, and from tho interchange of idons upon a olosor commer cial union, roprosontotion of tno colonies,- ooinmon , defonco, and other fruitful quostions. It"was tho rlosiro of "Groat Britain to provo that sho was as proxul of tho colonies as tho oolonics woro of hor. A ulosor union would make the Empiro imiireguablo and unassailable. Don't bo gulled by other so-called sales, Tho only genuine cheap sale is nt Mills' Railway House.* As tho 8. U5 tvatn for tlomobushwas leaving the Redforn railway fitatiofi on Monday morning, .it cqllidod about 50 yards from the end of No. 5 plat* form, with tho train -cpming in from Hurstville, Both trains wero going slowly, nevortWess tho result of t)tfo shook wjis terrible, . ''rho. <nmag& struck by tho IiomoulAli ongynvwas rIiUm:'.'.! and turned completely.pvor, ffcho- roof boingi;, r M -nd tho passengers lieJ'rig-precipitated throu;v.'i;ui0 iiigT ,\«Ht hviide. Portuliatoly, nono ofv(ficm woro. seriously injured. Traffio was resumed'on-tho lino > after an hour's delay, ■ J' : 