GENERAL NEWS. Blakiston Produce Company.—-The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Blakiston Cheese, Butter, and Produce Com pany, Limited, trill be held at the. Great Eastern Hotel, Littlehampton, next Monday evening', when the directors' report and balance-sheet will be presented and two auditors elected, the retiring gentlemen being Messrs. A. Chapman and J. W. King, who offer themselves for re-election. Letters for Somebody.—Letters bear- ing the following addresses await claimants at the G.P.O.:—Mr. Devon, Mrs. J. Mc Namee, Emil Hiemer, Sundiua Singh, and Sunder Singh, Murray Bridge; J. Fallon, Mount Barker; H. J. Glegg and James Rumbel, Mount Pleasant; Charlie Haensler, Carl Hausler, and John Nelson, Mannum ; M. McMullen, c/o steamer Mannum, and H. F. Cnsten, cfo Mrs. Harris, Goolwa.; W. Heatk, Mount Torrens i Mis. W. E Wfttkin and His. "Watkiiis, Woodside. A SEASONABLE STOCK.—To buy, and where to bny ? are the Questions which «ss«l the average individual at Christmas time, the festive season of present-giving and stocking filling. A satisfactory solution to the problem is being afforded at A. W. Richard- son's, Mount Barker, where an enticing stock of seasonable goods is now on view. It is of course out of the question, in the limits of a short paragraph to attempt to describe the many choice articles displayed for sale, but amongst the leading lines may be mentioned a large selection .of children's bookB, annuals, and novels; an stinting display of Cadbury's chocolates in dainty boxes and packets; leather goods in great variety; and some* very nice lines in stationery and perfumery. Then in Christmas and New Tear cards there is a wide range for selection—pretty designs with sentimental verses for the love lorn swain, formal greetings for the maiden aunt, and something for the'funny man— while throughout the stock there is much that is suitable for the Christmastide giver, who would do well to make an inspection of the excellent display. Our Christmas Number.—Next week's Courier will be a doable Christmas number, consisting of eight pages of seasonable letter press and illustrations. Unfortunately—or fortunately—there is a strong 6pice of modesty in our composition, and we are refrained from speaking of our initial pro duction as " a thing of beauty and a joy for ever "and "a-paper to which loyal South Australians may point with patriotic pride." That we leave to the less conscientious city writers. However, our issue of the 24th will, we think, be found to be a fairly interesting one. We might without being considered egotistical draw attention to the fact that the Courier scores a point over all other South Australian papers, both city and provincial, in that its Christmas number will be produced entirely without outside assist ance, every letter which it contains bring set by onr own staff and every engraving with which it is illustrated bring made in the office. An Excellent Concert Company.—It is very rarely that the country districts are favored with a visit from such a talented concert company as that which Mr. Leumane, the well-known operatic tenor, has organized to tonr the Sonth during the holidays. A host in himself, Mr. Leumane will be supported by Miss Guli Hack, A.R.C.M., whose beautiful soprano has delighted the audience wherever she has appeared; Mr. B. Nitschke, who has also won fame on the concert platform and is not a stranger in the South ; Miss Ethel Hack, fine contralto and a pianist; and Mr. Beaumont Bead, another Southern favorite. With such an array of talent crowded bouses should be secured throughout the season, especially as the program arranged is one which is sure to be popular. The company will open at Mount Barker on Monday evening, 27th inst, on Tuesday Victor Harbor will be visited, on Wednesday they visit Stirling and on Thursday Strathalbyn, while the tour will be concluded at Woodside on Friday evening. Bushfire near Echunga.—About 12.30 p.m. yesterday news was received,in Mount Barker of a bushfire which had broken out in Mr. Davenport's property near Echunga, and help was urgently asked for. Several traploads of men at once started for the locality, and on arrival it.was found that the flames had taken a good hold of the stringy bark country and brush fences. The fire spread to Mr. Melville Anderson's property on the Flaxley road, destroying a standing crop and a stack of hav of several tons, and it was with the greatest difficulty that the house and outbuildings were saved. All efforts to confine the flames to the western side of the road proved unavailing, and they crossed into Mr. Bowman's Lashbrooke Estate, extending for fully two miles towards Macclesfield. Full particulars of the amount of damage done are not yet to hand, but it is believed that the fire-swept area was quite four miles in extent and that the loss sustained through the destruction of fences, wattles, aud grass, in addition to that to Mr. Anderson's crops, is considerable. Great praise is due to the men who worked so hard in spite of the terrific heat of the day. Before we went to press last night we learned that the fire was well under control and was not likely to cause much further tronble. That Tight Place.—Last week we published an account of a young man who was placed in an awkward fix by hanging on to the tail of a snake which had entered a fallen tree, and while engaged thus noticed the head menacing him round the end of the log, his calculations making the reptile measure 15ft. There was a certain incom pleteness about our informant's account, with a suggestion of the tail being continued in our next. At the time we put it as gently as we knew how that there appeared to be a somewhat careless handling of the troth somewhere, and on Monday last we received a letter from our correspondent containing profuse apologies and another sheet of copy, which he states was inadvertantly omitted when forwarding his previous communi cation, which left the young man hanging on to the tail of the snake, the only possible means of exit being by passing the vicious looking head. He goes on to say :—" Before settling down to what might prove several weary hours of hanging on to the tail he made one tremendous effort, bracing himself against the tree. He was successful in ex tracting about 4ft, and as he staggered back he flung this with a yell at the head that was dodging round the end of the log. To his surprise the portion extracted proved to be an entire snake, which immediately joined its mate at the end of the log, into which they both disappeared. Considering that he had wasted enongh time, the young man resumed his work." We are afraid tins does not much improve matters. School Entertainment at Woodside. —The annual entertainment by the child ren attending the Woodside School was given in the local institute on Wednesday evening, when Dr. Esan presided over a very good attendance. The various items were carried out in a style which reflects great credit on the head-teacher (Mr. J. H. Snell) and his assistants (Miss Williams and Miss Smiley). Mrs. Snell played the accompani ments throughout. The opening number was a well- executed piano duet by the Misses Laura and Minnie Dunn, the second part being introduced by a like item by the Misses Mamie Snell and Hilda Salman. The choruses, " Star of Peace," " The Beaper," " Canadian Boat Song," and " Oh, the Sports of Childhood," were well rendered by about 50 of the elder children, as also were the action songs, " The Golden Boat," " Tip-toe," " The Cooper," " Trades," and " The Fox and Crow," the last-named being personated by by Masters Goldsworthy and Eleinschmidt respectively. The recitation of the same name was nicely recited by Miss Winnie Smiley. The following rounds were also given" Southerly Wind," " The Bell does Toll," and " Good-night," which was supplemented with the sleepy chorus, " Kid, nid, noddin." The Misses Nelly Green and Jenny Martyn sang "Two Little Girls in Blue," and Miss Mamie Snell gave a naive rendering of "Katie's Letter," while Miss Hilda Salman sang " Ben Bolt" sweetly. The ring drill by 24 girls looked very pretty, and the processional chorus, "The Lord Mayor's Show," was cleverly arranged and brought down the house. Thechorns " John Peel," with Walter Schroeder in the name part, was also a good item, and the Misses Ethel Seagrim, Annie Jenkinson, and Olive Heinceslater, as the " Three Maids of Leigh," so pleased the audience that they had to re-appear, the transition from blooming youth to crabbed age being instantaneous and effective. The juniors showed signs of care ful training and were very happy in their songs and simultaneous recitations, all of which were accompanied by actions and in most cases by living representations. The following were the items :—" Every little wave had its nightcap on," "The Cat's Tea party," "So we Wash," "Teaching the Dollies," "The Babies," Granny's Tale," "Little Miss Muffltt," "Jack Horner," " Ding Dong Dell," " Bo-peep," and " Simple Simon." The frequent applause during the evening showed appreciation, and in several cases re-demands were insisted on. 