NEWS AND NOTES. BANXRUPTCT COURT.-All the public examinations which were to have been taken before Mr. Registrar Moseley in the Bankruptcy Court yesterday were ad- journed, owing to the engagement of the Official Receiver in the Full Court. HOME OP THE GOOD SHEPHERD.-The Sister-in-Charge acknowledges the recept of a cheque for ¿£10 from Mr. and Mrs. Gull, being the proceeds of the Floral Fête recently held at " Bebo Moro." The Home will have been open for 12 months on December 1, and a report and balance sheet will shortly be forwarded to all sub- scribers. Mr. Oct. Burt has kindly under- taken the office of Treasurer. MASONIC.-The installation of P.M. Bro. C. J. Cook, D.S.G.W., as Right Worshipful Master of Lodge St. Andrew (829, S.O.), and the investiture o£ officers will take place at the Freemasons' Hall, Hay-street, thi3 evening at 6 o'clock. The ceremony will be conducted by V.W. District Grand Master Depute Bro. E. Pretty, assisted by Y.W. Bro. E. Casper, P.D.Gr S., "Warden Queens- land, and District Grand Lodge Officers for Western Australia. FÜLL COURT.-The Full Court will sit at 10.30 this morning, when the hearing of the appeal made by the Jioniiiia; Herald against the decision of Mr. Justice Stone in the action taken against that paper by J. F. Houlihan for libel will he resumed. No Chamber business will be taken to-day, but in order that .the pressure in this department of the Supreme Court may be relieved, the Chief Justice will sit in Chambers to-morrow, commencing at 10.30. As a consequence the Full Court will not sit to-morrow, but the remaining case3 will be taken on Thursday. LIGHTWEIGHT BKEAD.-In the Full Court yesterday, before the ChieE Justice and Mr. Justice Hensman, a case was stated by Mr. J. C. H. James upon the conviction of John Veryard, for making lightweight bread, in proceedings taken against him by Henry Nicholl, the Inspector of Weights and Measures. It appeared that several loaves of bread had been taken from Mr. Veryard's bakehouse and found to be un- der the proper weight. For the defence it was urged that the bread had not been sold or exhibited for sale, and that the evi- dence of one of the principal witnesses in support of the information was not that of a disinterested person. The Jndges sent the case hack to the magistrate, express- ing the opinion that the offence could not be coniiaitted by the "making" of the bread, hut by it being sold or exhibited for sale. The magistrate should find upon these questions, and the Court could re- hear the case, if necessary, in order to educe further evidence upon these points. They also asked the magistrate to find if the witness in question was a disinterested person. Mr. Northraore appeared for the informant and Mr. Ewing for tho defen- dant. AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATION POR THE AD- VANCEMENT OP - SCIENCE. - The Sydney sitting of the Australian Association for the Advancement of Science (seventh session) will be opened on Thursday, January Gth next. The programme, a copy of which reached us by the last mail, is a singularly attractive one. Papers are promised in great numbers and on a great variety of subjects, under the headings of Astronomy, Mathematics and Physics, Chemistry, Geology and Mineralogy, Bio- logy. Geography, Ethnology and Anthro- pology, Economic Science and Agriculture, Engineering and Architecture, Sanitary Science and Hygiene, Mental Science and Education. The session will extend over nine days, and will be broken by a number of harbour and country excursions, in con- nection with which a special programma has been issued. By arrangement with the executive of the association, the steam- ship companies and the Government rail- way departments have promised travelling concessions in the shape of substantially reduced fares. Membership may be se secnred in the association by the payment of one guinea, a sum which will entitle the person payin'g it to admission to any one, or all, ef the sections of the association during the approaching session. The secretary is Professor Liversidge, M.A., F.K.S., Chemical Laboratory, the Univer- sity, Glebe, Sydney, to whom all communi- cations should be addressed. SEVEN WEEKS IN CEYLON.-Mr. H. C. Prinsep, tho Under-Secretary of Mines, who ha3 just returned to tho city from a three months' holiday tour, resumed his official duties yesterday morning. The trip has evidently done him much good, and he is now enjoying tho very best of health. As to his wanderings during his absence from the colony, Mr. Prinsep speaks in rapturous terms. His stay in Ceylon covered a period of seven weeks, and during that time he travelled over the greater portion of ' the island. What enchained his attention most, he says, were the excellent methods adopted there in connection with railway construction. The ideas of the Cingalese with regard to railway work, he found, were most ad- vanced, and he was so much struck with the character and extent of the lines laid down that he did an immense amount of railway travelling in the course of his stay in the country. One journey he made was over a line built on a narrow ledge run- ning round a mountain, with a great preci- pice on one side, and the mountain tower- ing skyward on the other. When one of the most dangerous parts of the slielE was reached, it was discovered that an immense landslip had occurred, and that the line was blocked by fully 10,000 tons of rook. Blasting operations wera at ones com- menced, and, in an incredibly short space of time, the line had been diverted round the obstruction, and traffic was resumed. The climate of Ceylon Mr. Prinsep con- siders excellent-very much better, in fact, than he ha3 found it here since his return. He was not troubled with flies, mosquitoes, or any of the other pests which are so familiar in Perth, and he saw only one snake during his visit, excepting a few which were in the possession of an itiner- ant snake charmer. Ceylon lias always been looked upon as the home of the elephant, yet, strange to say, Mr. Prinsep did not see one throughout his visit. Everywhere he went he found the scenery magnificent, and he was most cordially received and well treated. Galle's glory had entirely departed when he arrived there, and the silence which prevailed in the once prosperous port of call for the mail steamers was most oppressive. Mr. Prinsep has brought back with him many pleasant reminiscences of his journey and a number of interesting photographs. During his absence the duties of Under- secretary of Mines have been carried out by Mr. L. L. Crockett, the chief clerk of the department, who has now taken up his former duties. M.C.L. CONVALESCENT HOME.-The Ministering Children's League will hold their annual sale of gifts, etc., on Wed- nesday and Thursday, December 8 and 9. The articles to be disposed of bid fair to excel those of former years. The entire proceeds are to be devoted to the Con- valescent Home. The sale will he opened by Hi3 Excellency Sir Gerard Smith, who has taken a personal interest in the Home. Those who took part in organising the Women and Girls' Jubilee Address to the Queen, and the accompanying memorial fund for the purpose of endowing a bed in the Cottesloe Convalescent Home, may bo interested to learn that a deed of trust has been executed, whereby the fund has been duly vested in two trustees. The gentlemen who have kindly undertaken to administer the trust are the Sheriff (Mr. 3\. B. Roe) and Mr. E. W. Haynes, of the High School. The net auiouut remaining to hand over after all expenses were paid is ¿C34411s. 4d, which sum, by the terms of the trust, is to be applied to partially endowing a bed for the use oE women and girls in the Cottesloe Convalescent Home, as soon as the woman's ward Í3 erected, until which time the money is to accumu- late. The following is the text of the Queen's letter which Her Majesty handed to Lady Forrest on the occasion of the presentation of the illuminated address and casket, which took place at Windsor Castle :-" I request you to convey to the women of Western Australia the assurance that I am deeply touched by this warm expressiou of their loving and devoted loyalty to my throne and person." It is understood that Lady Forrest reports that there were only three or four ladieä among those present on the day of the presentation of the address, and that she was the only I person who had two addresses to hand to Her Majesty, the other being from the West Australian Society of Arts. In I Lady Forrest's opinion the women's ad- dress was one of the handsomest in the collection. The Queen took each one in her hands, examined it, and seemed to be pleased with the contents of that from the women of Western Australia. PAP.LIAMENTARY PAPERS. - The first annual report of the Inspector of Explo- sives on the working of the Explosives Act, 1893, during 1896, and the Meteoro- logical Report for the year 1894, were laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly by the Premier (Sir John Forrest) last eveniug. THE NEW MATOB AND COUNCILLOBS. The ceremony of swearing in. the newly elected mavor and councillors of the city of Perth w'ill take place at the Town Hall at noon to-morrow. The oath will be first administered to the mayor-elect, Mr. Alex Forrest, who will then swear in the newly elected councillors. Tickets of admission to the ceremony will be issued to ratepayers on application to the Town Clerk. SHIPPING FACILITIES APPRECIATED.-The Premier (Sir John Forrest) has received the following telegram from Captain F. Pitts, the master of the s.a. Sultan :-" To the Right Hon. Sir John Forrest: Con- gratulate you on success of your policy in building letty at Ashburton. Shipping off unfinished jetty 1,050 bales, and only de- tained in port 27 hours. Wool was tran- shipped from jetty by lighters in old days. Same shipment would have detained us here at least a week." BABBIT INSPECTORS.-The chief in- spector of stock (Mr. J. Morton Craig), as mentioned in yesterday's paper, has received a large num- ber of applications for the jjosition of rabbit inspectors. The Department, in- deed, has been inundated with communi- cations from persons desirous of obtaining employment in the direction indicated, the number of applications received total- ling over a hundred. The chief inspector desires us to state that it will bB quite useless for any others to apply, as the applications already received will enable good selections to be made. CORONER'S INQUESTS.-The Coroner (Dr. Lovegrove) continued the hearing of two adjourned inquests yesterday. In the case of Joseph Henry Keaven, who fell from a balcony of the Victoria Hotel on the 17th instant, the jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased died from the effects of the injuries he then received, and added a rider declaring that in their opinion sufficient care was not taken of him prior to the ICth, considering the stat9 of his health at the time. In the other case, Jabez Hartley's death was proved to h.*tre resulted from inflammation of the bowels and stomach, and the jury returned a evrdict accordingly. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. - The Legisla- tive Assembly sat for three and a half hours last night. The Colonial Treasurer obtained leave of absence for a fortnight for Mr. Connor, the member for East Kimberley. A Supply Bill granting pro- visional supplies to the amount of ¿£350,000, for the year 1897-8, passed all its stages. The Imported Labour Registry Bill and the Workmans Lien Bill were read a second time, the first being obtained by a majority of 15 to 11 on a division. The second reading of the Bills of Sale Bill was moved, and the debate was adjourned. This completed the business of the sitting, which lasted till 11 o'clock. The House will sit again at 4.30 p.m. to-day. TICK IN NORTHERN TERRITORY CATTLE. -It has been generally believed for the lasjfc few months that the South Australian Government intended to remove the em- bargo placed against the admission to the southern part of South Australia of cattle from the Northern Territory of that colony, a prohibition which has been in force for the past 12 months, in order to guard against the introduction of tick from the northern to the southern herds. Mr. J. Morton Craig, the chief inspector of stock of this colony, however, has received an intimation from the authorities of the neighbouring colony to the effect that the South Australian Government has just de- cided to renew for another twelve months the prohibition against the admission of stock from the Northern Territory. MRS. NICHOLLS.-A. drawingroom meet- ing was held at the residence of Mrs. Illingworth, MeBrilinga, Hay-street west, yesterday afternoon, in order to give the members and friends of the W.C.T.U. an opportunity of saying farewell to Mrs. Nicholls, who is leaving Perth to-day. There were sixty ladies present, and an enjoyable afternoon was spent. Mrs. Brown presided, and Mrs. Barney opened the meeting with prayer. Mrs. Nicholls then gave the unions her parting message. She advised the Perth union to hold gospel temperance meetings either weekly or monthly. She also advocated the organising of fresh branches of the unien, and by the visiting of mothers and instructing them in the laws of health as well as temperance. Mr3. Barney then addressed the meeting, and Miss Harris gave a recitation entitled "The Starless Crown." A collection was taken up to augment the funds of the union, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mrs. Illingworth for her kindness in allowing the use of her drawingroom, and supplying refreshments. THE NEW CEMETERY BOARD.-The Kar- rakatta Cemetery Board held its second meeting yesterday afternoon at the Crown Lands oHice. There were present Messrs. G. Randell, M.L.C.; the mayor of Leeder- ville (Mr. J. S. Bennet), the mayor of Subiaco (Mr. Dovle), Mr. J. T. Hobbs, Mr. T. G. Molloy, and Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., the last-mentioned member acting as deputy chairman. The tenders for fencing were considered, and the lowest recommended for acceptance, provided the conditions were satisfactorily complied with. Applications to the number of 146 had been received for the post of superin- tendent, and a sub-committee was ap- pointed to open the applications and report upon them to the full board. It was abo resolved to call for tenders for clearing a narrow strip-half a chain wide-all round the reserve and immediately on the inside of the reserve fence, as well as all parts of the reserve appropriated to the various denominations. It was decided to put the work of surveying in hand at once, the Crown Lands Department having promised to provide the surveyor. A number of small matters were disposed of, and the Board adjourned until Friday next at 3 p.m. SANITATION AT COTTESLOE. - Mr. Doherty, M.L» A., introduced to the Pre- mier yesterday a number of residents of Cottesloe, whose object was to protest against the deposit of nightsoil and refuse on the site which has lately been set apart for that purpose by the Lands Department. The deputation explained that during the Premier's absence in England a somewhat singular compli- cation arose. In the first place a deputation from the local roads board waited on the Acting-Premier (Mr. E. H. Wittenoom) who advised them to apply to the Lands Department for a por- tion of the Government reserve known as block 58. Neither Mr. Wittenoom nor the deputation, however, believed that the block would be granted for the purpose, as there were many dwellings in the neigh- bourhood. On waiting on the Lands Department, a representative of the depu- tation was informed that the site con Id not be granted, but after the Department was informed that the Acting-Premier had advised the local roads board to apply for the site, it was granted to them, much to the surprise of that bedy. There were several churches, many residences and a school close to the site, and the deputation hoped the Premier would take the neces- sary steps to repeal the grant of the site, and at the same time provide another site for the reception of the refuse at some other place. The Premier, in replying, stated that the site in question-and especially that portion of it near the rocks -was a pleasure resort and had been re- served for the public with that end in view. Had he been in the colony when the appli- cation was made for that site he most cer- tainly would not have granted it. To convey the refuse out to sea he regarded as impracticable. He promised to com- municate on the subject with his colleague, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who, he had no doubt, would undo what had bpen done and provide another site as a refuse reserve, which would not prove a nuisance to the community. Incidentally Sir John stated that later in the day he was soins- to confer on matters connected with sanitation and the health of tha people with Dr. Jameson who, he under- stood, was an advocate of the non- removal of nightsoil, as it was only when the refuse was being moved about that there was any danger to public health. LEAGUE OP THE CROSS, FREMANTLE.-» The usual meeting oE the Fremantle League of the Cross was held last night at St. Patrick's Hall. The Rev. Father Ryan occupied the chair. Amongst those who contributed various items the following obtained encores :-Miss Thorpe and Messrs. C. George, H. Maugher, Con. Glasson and Heaney. Mr. W. O'Mason presided at the piano, and, as usual, the hall was crowded. PERTH WEATHER.-The following tem- perature was recorded at the Perth Observatory yesterday:-Maximum, 8S-9 degrees; minimum, 69-6 degrees. Through- out the day the weather was very warm, and towards evening there were indications) of a thunderstorm. In many places in the adjacent hills large bushfires were seen burning, which, oE course, increased the oppressiveness of the atmosphere. MURRAY DISTRICT SETTLEMENT.-Mrs» E. A. A. Fawcett, of Pinjarrah, the hon. secretary to the Murray Horticultural Society, in a letter to the secretary of tim Agricultural Bureau, on the 26th instant, stated. - *' The first two parts of tha ' Settlers' Guide and Farmers' Handbook,* forwarded to me by the Bareau are cer- tainly full of everything a new settler needs, and they are most interesting as books of reference. I must acknowledge that the Bareau is doing all it can to help settlers on the land. Tou would b« surprised to see the work of settlement going on in our district. Land that we old settlers always considered as poor and almost valueless has been proved to be abla to produce splendid crops. A good stamp of settler is taking root amongst us-men who are not afraid to work-and it is a pleasure to see that their efforts have been rewarded. The Agricultural Bank, too. has done wonders to help on things, prov- ing once again that our Premier knows the wants of the new settler, and is anxious t« assist him." " ST. NICHOLAS." - The St. Nicholas Magazine (Macmillan's) for November is full to over-flowing with stories and articles of interest to young folks, and many of them even even to children of a larger growth. In "The Buccaneers of Our Coast" Mr. Frank R. Stockton tells some stirring stories of the lawless old sea kings of tha sixteenth century. Men like Drake, Fro bisher, and Raleigh, whose piratical pro- clivities, to which civilisation »wes so much, have long since been largely condoned where they have not actually passed into commanding virtues. " The Story of a Pine Board," which is profusely illus- trated, presents in an attactive form a host of interesting facts regarding the lumber trado of the United States. There ara several exciting stories of flood and field» two of which will be found specially instruc- tive and entertaining. The first of these is "My Narrowest Escape," being an ac- count of a voyage to the Siberian coast, and the other "A Baby Elephant," a story of a hunting expedition in Ceylon, both richly abounding in that species of inci- dent which stirs the blood and incites a love of adventure in the juvenile mind. The November number of the magazine lacks nothing of that quaint h amour which makes St. Nicholas so delightful, and in the matter of illustrations, as well as in its department of puzzledom, ita reputation is fully maintained. FREMANTLE POLICE COURT.-Three first offenders were let off with a caution by Messrs. R. Fairbairn, R.M., and G. C, Knight, J.P., who occupied the bench,. Jas, Turnbull, who was recently arrested OJUA charge of lunacy, was given his liberty, a medical certificate being produced U show that he had regained possession ol his senses. Robert Burnside, Charged with having driven a mob of cattle over the North Fremantle bridge contrary to the regulations, was defended by Mr. Moss,-' who contended that the by-law was aie unreasonable one. While admitting chat a breach of the regulations (which state that not mora than four head of cattle shall be driven over the bridge at a time) had been committed, counsel asked for tha imposition of a nominal penalty, on tha ground that' as no cattle yards were pro- vided at either end of the bridge, it was impossible for a drover with a big mob oí cattle to observe the regulation. The Bench inflicted a fine of 50a., with costs. William Wanstall, proprietor of tha Jubilee Dining Rooms, and of other restaurants in Fremantle, was brought up on a charge of larceny of two tons ot* flour, valued at ¿30, the property of Messrs. J. C. Whiteman and Co. The flour was stolen from the warehouse of Messrs. R. Hall and Son, in Adelaide- street, on or about the 23rd instant, and subsequently portion of it was found in the possession of the accused. Wanstall was remanded for 8 days, and Mr. Moss, who appeared for tha accused, stated that he would be able to satisfy the Bench that the flour was purchased by Wanstall in the ordinary course of business. The accused wa» allowed bail. 