THE BLACK FORTY. A Story of Early Australia. CHAPTER XXV. Continued. Cecil Dalrymple stood silently gazing in the direction the defective and Ringrose had taken, and for a moment was in doubt. He did not know exactly what might eventuate from his order, given in regard to the dogs. He knew well that the savage brutes, if they thoroughly acquired the instinct of destruction, and started out upon the blood-trail, the result would be a race to the finish. And of the quarry ? Of the wretch pursued, what of him ? In regard to the detective he had his doubts. He might or might not be the gentlemanly personage he seemed to be. He heard strange tales of the doings of the overseers in Van Diemen's Land and of the result of their means of Government. Then the blaok boy Jackey. He was of course no more than a savage, filled with all a savage's instinct of revenge. Ah well, they were gone now. It was too late to recall them. He walked through the bushes and the timber stealthily enough, for the firing from the house was frequent, those within apparently keeping up a sharp and constant watch. He met hie father, accompanied by Kelly and Gibson, and to them he related what had taken place. Both men looked very grave. " I wish I had seen you sooner," said Gibson. " I would have forbidden it." " But, Mr. Gibson, it is the only way now. Have you ever seen the dogs hunt, sir ?" " I know that they are good dogs and clever dogs, but one never knows." " Why they are more to be depended upon than any one of us here. If some of the young fellows with us were loosened upon the trail they would be worse than a pack of wolves." " They need not be loosed upon the trail." " What would you do ? Would you let that dog escape ? I tell you, sir, that although I am taking no part in this, those who are here to-night will not budge an inch until they have taken the lives of those wretches inside the hut." " It it a melancholy circumstance." " It is indeed, and grows more wretched by the moment. I fancy they are drunk." " They are firing at us wildly enough, and that person wounded seems to be bad." " How is it all to end, Cecil ?" asked his father. " Heaven knows, I fancy a couple of hours will finish it now. If they have drink inside they may become maddened and openly defy us." " In that case - ah, what is that ?" Dalrymple pointed to the hut with his finger. A brilliant point of flame was biazing brightly upon the roof, and behind it, marked in a dead clear line against the bluish background of the smoke, darkening with the gathering twilight shadow, a long straight rod stood out. Before an answer could be given another bright spot of flame shot out from the thicket, and sailing through the air in a slight curve from its point of departure struck the bark roof of the hut and kindled there. It was quickly followed by another, and then two others trom different places. Soon the roof held a score of bright flame points and - ah see ! the first had kindled. " They are firing the hut," said Cecil, quietly. " It is our only chance now before the bush- fire reaches us. They are using the old dodge the niggers put up at Bassett's hut when they set it alight. They are fire-spears." Roar ! How the flames two hundred feet overhead did belch out their fury to be sure. Crash ! Every now and again at short intervals a forest giant gave way, or a limb failing, was torn off. by the mighty wind, which now was fast reaching hurricane power, and fell with a thunder-call to the earth below. The heat was intense, and all felt its gasping exhaustion. The air was at intervals winnowed with the powerful but invisible wings of the Storm King and each and every man knew that he held his life in his own hands as he stood there thirsting for that of one of his fellows. It was fearful to contemplate. There was more danger abroad to be feared from the elements than ever one man might dread from contact with a fellow atom, yet anxious though they all were for the poesible end of the hot wind, not a one thought about quitting the veritable hell in which they had lingered, while those in the hut refused to come out. Surely never did man combat with his fellow under such awful circumstances. The spectacle would have been a sublime one were it not for the fact that it held such poor circumstances. As it was it took more of a pitying aspect than an heroic one. In seven different places, the roof of the hut caught fire and fanned by the increasing blast of hot air from above, spread rapidly. Soon it was evident that those men must be driven out by the scorching heat, and would be easy prey. For the men watching were desperate, and would spare no one. The war of the elements had now attained such a pitch of fury that conversation was impossible, except by loud exclamations, and then only by one placing the mouth against the ear of the other. The blackness of the evening was lit up by the approaching fire and the whirlwind of huge sparks which flew on every side about them. The spectacle was dreadful as well as it was grand. Perhaps more dreadful than grand, and those who were mere passive spectators to it, looked on in awed silence. A half-dozen of the lads were sent to take the horses down into the river and have have them picketted across in the shallows, but so savage were they, and so strong was the fury of the revenge upon them that they did not feel more than half inclined to obey instructions, despite the fact that the horses represented a large and valuable property. Then, after consultiug together, deliberately drew the animals out of the timber and the line of fire, and stripping them turned them loose upon the plain. The saddles were thrown upon the ground anywhere, and the men rushed back to join in the dreadful game they had just left. Inside the hut the situation was rapidly becoming desperate. The burning roof drove heat and smoke upon them until life was barely supportable, and it was evident that they could not bear it much longer. Simpson never ceased to groan and blaspheme, by turns cursing them and entreating them not to leave him to be burned. A thorough craven in his heart, he felt his desperate position keenly, and the knowledge that he himself had brought the misfortune upon his own head by coming there for his ill-gotten gold when he might have got away at least with life, did not tend to alleviate his misery. The pain of his wound, moreover, was increasing, and their water having run out, this was added to by the horrors of a burning thirst. It had been found impossible to work in the tunnel any longer, and that work was reluctantly abandoned. " Curse you," said Wilson, " for a howling dog. Will you shut up ?" " Oh let him alone," growled Barrett. We must think of ourselves. I say, we'll have to give ourselves up." " And be hanged." " Man, we cannot remain here much longer. That roof will be through in five minutes." " Oh drag me outside," groaned the preacher. " For God's sake let me get a little air. I will be willing to take any chance - anything before this." " Well, I'm going to chance it," said Barrett. " It's no use calling out nobody could hear us. I'll try a signal. He tore off a corner of one of the blankets and fastened it to the end of his long rifle. This he thrust outside of the door and waved it to and fro. " If they mean business," he remarked, " they will answer it. If not— well, we can but be shot, so here goes." " What is that moving at the door of the hut ?" said Dalrymple. " I can see something quite distinctly." " They are signalling to us," said Kelly. " See, there it is again. Answer it, Gibson. Cecil ran across to a burning log and ignited a piece bf bark. This he blew into a flame, and fastening it quickly upon a stick waved it on high. " They see it," he said. " Now to test them." In a second he had pulled off his coat, and hanging it over a bush, exposed it to the full view of the hut. The object in the doorway kept moving up and down. " Pass the word around to cease firing," said Gibson, " and take my orders that if anyone fires a shot in treachery whilst we are signalling he shall answer to me." The beacon was kept waving and they looked towards the hut with the greatest anxiety for the result. The roof was now one mass of roaring flames, the energy of which was materially increased by the gale as it tore through a gap in the timber and hurled the full force of its heated breath upon the hut. Look, look ! One corner has fallen in and the burning joists are giving way. In a few seconds now, it would all over. A great hole in the corner was filled with living tongues of flame, aud presently a slab fell in and one whole end was ablaze. Then from out of the open doorway a man staggered blindly, his hands above his head blackened and scorched. It was the hunter, and at his heels followed his great hound, which even in that fearful hour never left his master. Then there appeared two other forms in the doorway, and these, with hands out stretched in supplication to tbeir foes, rushed across the clearing. Their hair and beards were burned from their heads, their eyes bloodshot and terrible, presented a shocking sight. And, oh heaven ! they were both on fire. As they ran, or staggered forward, the draught increased the flames, and there before the eyes of the spectators were they being burned in the open clearing. No, not yet. A dozen dark forms sprang upon them and bore them down upon the earth. The hunter staggered about the grass, and with wild and frenzied gesticulations pointed to the hut. He fell upon his knees and held up his hands to heaven as though overcome with the awfulness of the situation. And the great dog, in sympathy with his beloved master, mutely tendered his pity by trying to lick his face. Horror ! What was that ? Following the direction of the hunter's hands they saw a sight which for the moment caused the boldest of them to fall back in fear. The hut was now one sheet of flame, and the roof was all but consumed. The cross beams had not yet fallen, and they stood out in fiery lines against the duller red of the flames and the blackness of the smoke, like a skeleton of red hot metal. Oh, there is the doorway and right in the middle of it was a face. A face full of such dreadful physical torture, that those who saw it - the scorched eyes rolling, the jaws gnashing skin and hair burned and blistered away - remembered it for all time. It was the preacher Simpson, and he was endeavouring to drag himself from the hut out into the air. The agony of motion coupled with the severe pain of his burns, threw him into convulsions, and his frame shivered and shook as the muscles twitched in the intensity of his suffering. Oh it was horrible ! Two men sprang forward to the rescue, but were driven back by the the heat. Another rushed to the burning building with a pole some twelve feet long, cut from the scrub. He was more successful. Sheltering his face from the scorching, blinding fire he had almost managed to reach the preacher when a stronger gust threw him back again, Simpson saw his chance and dragged his body nearer. A little more - a foot - ah, he had clasped his hands over the end of and the next moment was hauled away from the hut to the cool open. He was past, shrieking now. He groaned and moaned in his wretchedness, but could say nothing articulate nor for that matter could the others. Barrett continued to point spasmodically towards the hut. " The powder, the powder," he gasped. In a second the danger of the situation dawned upon tbem. If there was powder there it would assuredly explode with that heat, and they had better get along out of that. With one accord they lifted the wounded men and bore them off rapidly. " Never was there such a dreadful day," said Gibson. " My God, it is over now I suppose. They will feel tortures supreme for some days to come." " I think someone had better ride with all speed over to my house, or Dennison's and have everything prepared for their reception." " Let it be Dennison's," said Kelly, " it is a good mile nearer. We will— look look !" They turned and gazed where he indicated. A huge bright tongue of flame shot up high into the air, and was followed by a report which for a moment stifled the roar of the wind. A shower of burning wood was sent whirling in all directions, and the circle lit up by the burning hut grew strangely dark and silent. Then the wind rushed on again, filling the space made by the concussion of the explosion and the fire-god once more resumed his work. " We are not away too soon,'"remarked Gibson, " and we must gain the open country as quickly as we can." " I suppose we three can ride," said Kelly and leave the rest to bring the men along upon litters. In all probability, we will have to set to work to fight the fire ourselves now." " I do not know. There are some round heavy clouds on the horizon, which means a storm I think. What became of the horses ?" " The boys turned them loose," said Cecil. " They have gone over to fetch the saddles." " It is perhaps as well. You will see to all that is necessary for these unfortunates whilst we are away. l am sorry we cannot bring our dead with us." " A party has gone back for that purpose. There is no danger there now." " Very well, we will go then." And they rode off, leaving the melancholy procession to follow. Now that it was all over, and the effects of drink, which had inflamed their excitement, had cooled. they all felt deeply the awfulness of the situation they had passed through. Such a terrific experience carried with it its expressiveness, and the awed silence of the men was only broken at intervals by the heavy groans of agony which were from time to time wrung from the sufferers. To Be Continued. 