THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. A hot week. Send for a Christmas Courier next week. A large bushfire near Echunga yeBterday. Plenty of sport in the South during the holidays. Half-yearly meeting of the Blakietou Pro duce Company next. Monday erening. Improvements to the extent of £2000 will be made to the Oukbank Racecourse before Easter Monday. The prizes won at Hahndorf College dur ing the past year will be distributed in the institute-hall this afternoon. Yesterday was a eoorcher at Mouut. Barker, the mercury running gaily up to 102deg., but in the evening a cool change eet in. The advancement of women—a lady appli cant lias received the position of caretaker, librarian, and secretary to the Strathalbyu Institute. The Mouut Barker cricketers, who drew with a oombiued Woodchester aud Lang horne's Creek teem on Saturday, visit Aldgate to-morrow. The first century in Mount Barker cricket this season was scored by F. W. Ninliam against Woodchester aud Iianghorne'e Creek on Saturday. Mount Barker, Yictor Harbor, Stirling, Strath&lbyn;, and Woodside will be favored with a visit from a fine concert company during the holidays. The Education Q-axeite notifies the appoint ment of Annie C. Anderson ae acting assistant teacher at the Victor Harbor School and the resignation of Emily J. Branson, of the Mobilong and Thaliu Schools. Should . the Southern tour of Mr. Leumane'e excellent concert party prove successful it is probable that an opera company will visit these districts next Christ ,mas. The new parapet of the Mount Barker Institute, rwhich was completed eome days ago, is a decided improvement on the old one, thedeBign being much more elaborate. The work involved an outlay of nearly £100. The close season for game concluded on Tuesday, and until June next sportsmen are at liberty to pop off black swans and geese, curlews, plovers, turkeys and ducks of all descriptions ad libitum. An Afghan hawker named Said Aphis was fined at the Mount Barker Police Court on Friday for failing to comply with the pro- visions of the Bushfires Act, while William James Nancarrow, a well- known city character, was mulct of 5s. for drunkenness and sentenced to six weeks' hard labor for being on the premises of Mr. P. G. Paech for tbe purpose of theft. Southerners have a good ohoioe of amuse ments during the holidays. With the excep tion of the sacred concert in the Mount Bar ker WeBlevan Church in the evening nothing has been announced for Christmas Bay ; but on Monday, the 27th, the Monarto RaceB will be held; on Tuesday the relative merits of the Milang Regatta, the Hahndorf Druids' Picnic, and the Murray Bridge Sports will have to be considered ; two race-meetings at Wellington and the Mannum Sports are the events oil the first day of the glad new year; while on the 3rd the gatherings will be the Macclesfield Catholic Picnic, the Lobethal Rifle Match and Sports, the Gumeracha Military Sports, and the annual festival of St. Mary's Church, Echunga. 