The Figure at the Sliprails. By J. M. HtrMPHKEi Swanson, Author of ' In SunnV Australia,' &c;: T It was hot— Exceedingly so : but then it is never anything else in Mundrawalla and the re-1 giors round about; To sincerely expect otherwise would resemble a demand for the almost impos sible, and most certainly the improbable. Truly, a short month or two, mainly composed of pierc iug wind-filled days aud a thermometer that — frankly aud undisguisedly, without the slightest shame or compunction for falling so low — regis- tered only 50-, was winter, winter indeed. For which fact, be it known, those who had as yet failed to appreciate 125' in the shade were pro perly grateful. And if it were not for that 125' in the shade, who could then regard the 50* with such becoming contentment ? A bullock-dray, drawn by a team of ten un wieldy, great-bonad beasts, stood outtside a shanty-like public-house. ? A woman, young, plump, and good-tempered enough to be very pleasant to look upon, sat with her two small boys of five summers in it, her bag gage around her, save only that portion which had been transformed into a primitive Beat. This woman was strong — she was courageous ; yet good for her was it that though she was born aud bred to a fairly hard life on a selection nearer to — or, to more adequately describe it, less farther removed from — Sydney, she had no conception of ihe life which was now opening before her, nor of the kind of country that it was intended should give them a livelihood. But she was even now begin ning to experience that between this and her early home there was a great gulf — a gulf represented by the River Darling and those immense, die.iry, monotonous plains along which it crawled in its own tortuous fashion. Had Marion Jackson been imaginative she might have felt that all the life, heart, and energy had been taken out of the river, by reason of the length of its way and the weariness of its journeying6. Fortunately, Bhe was not. She had come up by a puffing steamboat, the river being at present navigable even to the extent of dis regarding the channel and passing over sunken logs and other such impedimenta (for there had been floods). Consequently that infant, Muudra walla (this being in the early days of its settle ment), looked its very best. Stdaming along, with wool barge astern, oue or two of the views that one caught a glimpse of between the red gums that lined the river banks, were quite pretty — innumerable herbs and grasses covered the plains with an always-to-be-deisired greenness — and Marion began to ihink that in deed John's predictions as to the much better fortune they would surely experience in this new and sparsely populated district would be certainly verified. Mundrawalla, truly, was a disappointment, in asmuch as it wa.6 so thoroughly a baby town, not in the leant out of arms. John Jackson was there with a bullock team, by which means of transit they were to reach their selection. At present John Jackson, of small discrimination and ideas of much haziness, was having a drink — ' a stiff -'un,' in his phraseology. Mundrawalla, from the beginning to the present day, provided liberally in this reepect for all comers, for is not MundrawalU alwaj'6 thirsty, from the smallest child to the very earth itself ? Something to drink is their perpetual want and their one prayer. Jackson arrived shortly afterwards, bomba? tic in manner, possibly because he had so very little information to impart concerning the new venture. He wore moleskins, a gaudy cotton shirt, a belt which he was continually hoisting, and a cabbage tree hat. The others were likewise attired in a manner betokening the deference paid to the ex isting climatic conditions. He now hauled up the last of the provisions, sent up the sugar bag and flour bag, which latter article the boy6 speedily utilised as a seat, fussed round the oxen, and with a good crack of the stockwhip on the leaders' backs, the cumbersome dray began to rumble off. ' Where are we goin'. John ? ' Marion in quired, looking down with a smile. ' Over thur,' poiuting eastward. ' Thur ain't no road yet, but thur's a track.' ' An' a track is uncommon good for the likes o' us,' broke in the woman brightly. Life had not yet quenched the spirit nor broken the heart of this woman. As a girl she had toiled early and late in her father's little back-blocks house. JNaturally she had had her little aspira tions, her castles iu the air ; for although news papers were scanty and literature non est, her mother, being an energetic hand at ' spinning a yarn,' ' had told her of ttimes many a tale of Eng land and of people and lands beyond seas. It was not, therefore, to be wondered at that her soul craved somewhat for any pleasant change, even were it to see Sydney — that wonder in her eyes. But youth passes, and monotony goes on unto monotony. Hope prances less and lees joyously and continuously over the area of our existence, until at last it takes unto itself swift hoofs and gallops off our racecourse without ever once passing the winning-post Dreams and wishes came to the fore again in the person of John Jackson when he proposed Heaven only knows what ? — it was supposed by all to mean marriage. He had mumbled so, been so ungracious, indistin it, and considerably mixed withal, that no one could ever afterwards defi nitely state what he did 6ay, least of all he him self. But they were certainly married (by a tired bush parson, who sighed audibly) and Jackson represented to her how rapidly they would pros per, make money, and life should be easy for her. He told himself that he never gave a thought to the fact that Marion was an Al worker. She be lieved him at first, but six years passed finding them worse off than at the beginning. Now, big squatters with their flocks were going westward. Jackson would go westward, too ; so he settled on taking up some laud near Mundra walla. It was then that Marion called all her cheeiful ness to her aid. She beheld Mundrawalla — it was even green — and Hope came cantering up to her heart for admittance once more. She opened the stable-door and let him in. Truly Jackson's life must have been the brighter and better for the opening and shutting of that door, though he him self never gave her the small satisfaction of tell ing her so. '* It ain't never no harm to be cheerful, even if things does go wrong,'' said this woman in later yearn, with a simple; unconscious heroism. But you do not thiuk much of bucu ooinruou place heroism as that, do you, reader mine ? You question the right of the title. It is so easy to be unflaggingly good-tempered and cheerful when hope has fled and ,1 fast narrowing life is con verging towards one point! And, moreover, it happens bo very ofteD, does it not ? Marion was rambling in state along a flat, black plain — treeless almost, and depressing in the ex treme — towards her home — saltbut-h aud spini fex, ppinifex and saltbush, myalls, and st.unteu. boxwood, always and for ever. Where the over flow on the plains had been, cresses, Darling peas, native tobacco plants, and warrigal cabbage plenteously disported themselves — familiar weeds were they — but the little party on the bullock team seemed to be bidding adieu to the, even then, scanty vegetaticn ; and keeping that lonely, treelese, and staitliug Mt. Oxley en their right, they journeyed en to a district calculated but to run sheep in six months out of twelve, and that only in good seasons. Naturally Marion did not know this, and Jackson had not been at particu lar pains to ascertain it. He knew bis road — it was towards the Bogan. The tent was up, they would shortly build, some land was already fenced, and Le had put sheep on it. What more could any decent woman want ? he demanded of himself. In time the house — or to euphemistically and certainly more truly pu it, a place of abode — was erected, Marion helping with the splitting of saplings and carrying of materials. In time they planted and sowed, prayed for rain, waited, and hoped. In time, too. the boys grew and woiked, also with the same meagre results. In time Jack son grew tired of the unequal contfst, the 6tiugj-le against the relentless drought, the never- ending saltbush and spinifex, the blistering daye, and. annually decreasing sheep and cattle. So he drove into Mundrawalla one day in the spring cart with the fruits of Marion's dairy labours, where, selling the cart and turning the horse lose, he quietly slipped off on a wool barge adown the Darling, and with less brag than he had ever heretofore used disappeared. The woman standing at the sliprails— who, though often hard pressed, over- worked, poor, sometimes also to the verge of starvation, had never wholly despaired — saw the harne^sless horse strolling leisurely home. In an instant the full import of Jackon's words to her, ' Don't yer never leave the s'lection till I cjmes back, ole woman,' was borne in upon her. ' Oh, John ! John ! ' she cried, leaning her brown, work--joarsened arms on the top panel, ' I didn't do nothing ter deserve this from you ! ' ' Doan't yer take on so, mother,' said her two great rough lads to her, some months later. ' We won't never treat yer so ; we's goin' straight off ter hunt him up fur yer, on'y don't yer never ? leave this yere place till we comes. Promise, an' we'6 sure ter find yer yere when we comes back.' So she promised, and they went. II. For an almost interminable summer that seemed to have had its beginning in Hades and was in nowise connected with things terrestrial, but ewept like some hot, lost, evil force over that heart-breaking, courage-sapping country, and for a few soon- forgotten winter weeks Marion worked unfalteringly, nor once omitted to wander to the sliprails at eventide. She Avorked like a man, hoarded like a miser, and grew silent. She sowed and reaped, fenced and dug, attended as best she could the few sheep, killed snakes as occasion arose, made precautions against the little place being actually destroyed by bushfires, took her produce to market, sold when she could. Always that lonely journey to Mundrawalla in a jolting springcart and the per petually fruitless inquiry for letters. Somebody, surely, the lads could get to write for them, an' they would. Her nearest neighbours — some miles away — were French. Marion hated foreigners. Farther off again, on the other side, was an Irishman, who possessed an oft- iutoxieated wife. As the years passed on Mrs. Delaney occa sionally broke in upon the faet -growing silence of Marion Jackson. 'Och, now, it's atrate ye miss, Marion Jackson, net to takea glassful now and thin. Love me sow], think how toime wad slip for ye. Why shud ye kape on waithin an' worrkin' here ? ye, a lone widdy for all ye can tell. Faith, 'tis cruel wurk.' ' I can't leave the ole hut,' answered a gaunt looking woman, whose face had forgotten the art of laughter. ?' It's five year agonp, I knows, but says them boys to me, ' Promise us, mother, yer'll never g 'way, and we'6 sure to come back.' They'll come some day, an' they shall fiV me here an' waitin' for 'urn.' ' Dhrunk ! dbrunk ! ! dhrunk ! ! ! ' shouted Mrs. Delaney, swaying about in the tspringcart and wiping hat moist, red countenance with the end of her cotton gown. ' Yer have 'ad a glass too much, Mrs. D.,' said Marion severely, legrop ing a spiteful little poley cow, and reach ing out for the bucket. ?! Medhruuk ? whirra ! whirra ! Du ye know it's a solemn outrajus fac', an' 'tis meself's ashamed tu own it, Mm. J., that oi hev' not bin properly dhrunk wance since oi wuz on this blessed s'lpction. Saints bless it some day, say oi. Oeh ! Sydney wuz the place. Whin oi wuzn't at Cocka too, shure oi wuz in Darlinghur6t, an' whin oi wazn't lodgin' there oi wuz livin' in a tint 'long Mil'try-road. Shure, now, lihten to this. Oi wance had u half-crown giv' me, an' fule that I wuz, phwat did oi du but pay bit off a dibt when oi ought to have got boozed on't, boosed siveral toimes, Mrs. J. Niver had such a chance since. * Lost opportunity niver retarns,' ' quoted she with much weeping. 'Get along with yer; sun's asinkin',' said Marion shortly, setting the buckets on a ledge and turning the milkers out into the paddocks. ' An' yu is goin' tu the sliprails oi'-ll sware by the Blessed Vargin herself. Livin' alone is moighty bad fur ye. We're goin' tu quit ; 'tis clear stharvation ethayin' here. Ye'll have on'y the Frenchies lef thin. Come in to Mundrawalla, nowdu.' A fresh sob and more tears. But Marion with Bet countenance caught up the buckets and shot past her into the ' lean-to ' at the back. ' How long, O Lord, how long ? ' she groaned, leaning heavily against the sapling doorway. Meanwhile Mrs. Delaney was discontentedly heading her horse homewards, when she beheld her spouse stumbling along the track. ' Yis ! yer — yer — woman ! yer lazy, boozing pig o' an Oirishwoman. 'Tis meself as tr ought tu fin' me ca-art bhroke up, me horse bolted, an' yu alyiu' dead in the road — git along wid yp,' cried her irate better-half. Shortly after that the Delaneys left the district, and Marion, reduced to the Frenchies, lived abso lutely alone. As time weut on, growing inured to her solitude, this woman whom the world had beaten so hard and so often, lost all fear and fear of fear. The mournful wailings of the dingoes by night, bush fires by day, stray sundowners at eventide, affected her not ; all sensation and thought seemed to have resolved themselves into two things —that her lads would surely return and that she would wait for them there till they did. Three distinct thoughts she was conscious of : That life is full of puzzles to which there are no keys, nothing but a mocking jangle. That all things must come to an end some day, both sor row and joy ; the only observable difference being that the pleasant paths come to an end much more quickly than do the disagreeable. That the reward of virtue is in the performance thereof. Meanwhile she waited with a quietude sugges tive almost of apathy and despair. * * * * ' Ned, it's nigh on Christmas, an' I've had a dream. It was about the ole woman, the missus. She wer' waitin', waitin' for us ; callin' us. Thur's the rilewy to Mundrawalla now, we can spare the ' gonds ; ' thur ain't no call J'er us ter stop away longer.' ' Darn yer, Jem, with yer dreams an' sich lire nonsense. D'es yer s'pose she's took root on that bloomy, forsaken s'lection, and not made tracks fer Mundrawalla , where ihur's a. bit o' a town now, an' some kin' o' Christians ? ' ' I hope they is better folks than we've bin ; we, her sons, as had call to stan' by her,' almost groaned his brother. ' What have we dun ? ' demanded Ned vio lently. ' She were frettin', as wimmun will, an' we hooked it ter hunt up the bloomy boss. Bloomy bad sort he is ! We couldn't clap eyes on him oowheres, an' we had ter fill ourselves as best we could (jolly empty was we, that bein' more of 'en ekernomical than comfortable). They didn't put up tellygraf poles an' wires, nor build rile wys fur our 'commodaUon, an' yer can't tramp it to Mundrawalla in a day, eh ? ' ' Don't matter. We aprotnised as how we'ud come back. We cud have 'fore now. We've bin careless an unlovin'., Ned. We're bad sons,' said Jem with conviction. 'Daraation take yer,' cried Ned, springing up. ' Go then, an' whinny that yer are a bloomin' ole sinner.' ' I am goin', Ned, this very blessed yere night, and by Christmas Eve I'll clap eyes on the ole home,' decisively. ' I'm acumun', too,' said the other with a sudden trembling. Coarse, hard' ned, and rough-grained were the two men who were setting out from Mundra walla in a springcart, but under the cotton shirt of the one was a heart stricken with tardy re pentance and newly- awakened love. ' Ned,' he paid blowly to his brother, ' we'll call in at the Frenchies fust, an' see if we kin hur somewhat o' her — for — twenty long years is a divil o' a whilp, Ned.' At the Frenchman's they heard that which lightened their hearts considerably. Yes, old Mariou Jackson, silent and melan choly, had but yesterday been past their place. She had. then averred that soon, very rsoon, she would see her sons again. She had a presentiment that they were near, and it was said that at every sun down she wandered to the sliprails to look for her lads. The long-absent tears filled Jem's eye s. Every night ot her life for twenty weary years. He tried to picture to himself the utter loneliness, hopelessness, and desolation of it all: ' We are her sons ; we're goin' to her,' he said simply. ' God bless yer,1' said the woman. So they came to the figure at the old sliprails at eventide. ' There, there ! ' cried Jem eagerly, peering, through the growing dusk, ' there she is aleaniu' on the top panel, an' her fane fixed like as it uster be when Rlie'd look for father. Drive up, Ned. An' there's the stool yet, Ktindin' outside, an' the broom agin the door. An' there,' disappointedly, ' mother has turned her back an' is goun up the path ter the open door. She hadn't seen ur.' How still, how warm it was ; how silent, how eerie ! Farther away to the north often were mirage's seen by the tired traveller, but not here. Jem jumped driwn eagerly and drew out the top panels. Ned drove through and stopped. A little pet calf that was hanging1 around and rubbing its damp nozzle against the doorpost scampered away it their approach. Jem noticed that it had not long- been fed. He pushed forward the more im patiently at that. ' Mother ! mother ! mother ! ' he cried, step ping- over on to the earthen floor. ' We're cum home at last. Forgive us ! ' The silence of the little hut resounded the cry — bnly the gnats buzzed wearily. ' Mother ! ' he said more gently. Then he almost stumbled over something. And Ned, who was following hard upon him, stopped short. Jem struck a vesper and stooped down. 'Oh, God ! ' he cried with a great groan, ' she's — she's— mother ! mother ! list ter me, hear me, speak to me ! ' But the water had gone pai-t the mill, and stretched on the floor, clasping a little, old, faded suit in her arms, was a grey-hairtd, toil-worn, and patient woman, whom they in life called mother. That little suit. ! The only outward and visible emblem, to imperfectly convey to them what those long years had meant to her. Nothing and no one to tell what hopes and disappointments, what griefs and tears, what longiug and despair. For, to the revelation of her faithful, lonely, and loving vigil, and their own tardy but sincere repent ance, Death had effer-tually barred the way ! 