BUSH FIRES DISASTROUS FIRE ABOVE QUEENS- TOWN. MULLERS, OF THE SAW-MILLS, BURNT OUT. ON last Tuesday week, says the Evelyn Observer, a disastrous fire occurred at the foot of the mountains, Kinglake. The day was hot and windy, making the fire all the more terrible, with the result that it burnt so fiercely that it was impossibie to do anything to stay its progress. The Muller Bros'. saw- mill was right in its course, and al though strenuous efforts were made to save the homestead and old mill, they were futile, and they were completely demolished, together with furniture, etc., the onlyarticles saved being a piano and sewing machine. Some fur niture was taken out and placed in con veyances, but the conveyances, stables, and outhouses also became ignited and were destroyed. The fencing of the orchard was also burnt together with a number of fruit trees. Fortunately a new house lately built by the Mullers was saved. After the fire had levelled this home stead to the ground, it travelled towards the other houses and fears were entertained of the lower Mullers', Nink's, and other places further down. Fortunately night was approaching, and the wind dropped, and the fire was mastered for the time. Quite a large number of people collected together to do their best to stay the progress of the fire-fiend, but when it was at its worst there was no approaching any way near it. The same day fires were noticed. raging in the hills above Arthur's Creek, and between one Tree Hill and Christmas Hills. Our Queenstown correspondent writes :— The bush fires that have been smouldering in the Kinglake dis trict for the past few weeks broke out again suddenly on Tuesday week last, fanned by a heavy north wind which was blowing in the forenoon, and swept down upon the homestead of W. Muller, orchardist, South King lake. The only persons at home at the time were Mrs. and Miss Muller, who battled with the flames until the arrival of Mr. George Whelpton, who fought desperately with the fire, but was eventually overcome. The fire first ignited one of the outhouses, from which it spread to the dwelling, the whole of which was consumed with its contents, with the exception of a piano and sewing machine, which were saved by the exertions of Mr. Geo. Whelp ton, at a great personal risk. The whole of Mr. Muller's farming imple meontu and vehicles, together with ten tons of hay, and all clothing, with the exception of what he stood in, was destroyed by the fire. On word being sent so Queenstown, a number of wil ling hands responded to the call and rendered valuable service, which was the means of saving the adjoining homesteads, and which were viligantly watched until 1 a.m. next day. Mr. Muller's orchard has also suffered con siderably, and he estimates his loss at about £600. 