CRICKET NOTES; Br ' MIosQUITO." WILLIAMSTOWN V. MALVERN. 1ST ELEVENS. THESE teams commenced worrying each other at the W.C.G. on Saturday last, with the following result up to call of time : \- IIALVERN. 1st Innings ... ... 155 Bowu st :-Grubb 5 for 42, T. Hannah 2 for 28, C. Hannah 1 for 16, Thompson 1 for 32,-Sutcliffe 0 for 17, Perkins 0 for 13: 'Tows. 1st Innings. Sutcliffe, not out ... ... ... 9 Hdnderson, c Grubb, b McGill ... 16 Smith, not out ... ... ... 0 Byes.. ... ... ... ... ... 1 1 wicket for ... ... ... 26 But for McLean's 81 Malvern's total would not have been a very large one. As it is 'Town ought to be able to top it on a fine day, with aofew wickets to spare. The "googlers" were .too much for most of the Malvernites, as " Charlie " Grubb's figures plainly show. Some of the 'Town had plenty of catching practice. In the absence of "Tsne" Jones. Don Murray took charge of the gloves I and acquitted himself honorably. After putting 16" -together" very nicely, including two fourers, Tom Henderson was caught by Grant. How did Tommy manage to score faster than Harry Sutcliffe I The ex-footballer, Hughie McLean, gave a very good exhibition of batting, but had to thank the field for more than one life. . . SECOND ELEVENS. The second elevens are playing at I Malvern. The locals went in first, and totted up 214 Davidson !got 3 wickets for 31, Ogilvie 3 for 39, Sut cliffe 1 fos 28, and Jackson 1 for 32. Bremner, Byrne, M'Chesney and Dy son also had a cut at bowling, but neither of them secured any wickets. ' The second eleven had a good day's leather hunting. Their opponents re tained possession of the wickets the whole of the afternoon, and for- the most part hit about merrily. Bonn landed a sixer, a beautiful hit at M'Chesney's expense,while included in Willison's score are seven fours and a fiver. Basset is also credited with a fiver. Davidson came out best in the bowl ing averages, although Ogilvie ran him very close. When there are wickets to be got Laurie is always there. Our seconds have to bat in their very best form to win, and it will be interesting to note what sort of an up hill game they can play. Progress reports of the Sunday school competition :- - Wesleys win against Christ Church by. default. English 1st innings 40, St Mary's 6 for 94. - Baps 1st innings 101, Wesleys 5 for 25. South and Christ Church scores not to hand. I'm told the Presbys knocked up nearly a century. Getting back to old form. Best"English scorer-DollyHa1l 15. Britishers reckon they are playing an up-hill game. "Good cricketers" like them, too. Seal, Suiter, Sandells, Reg. John ston and Hall (were the English trundlers. Rumored that the English are going to play Geo. Emmerson. Jock Holmes predicts another de feat for the English. Baps. will in all likelihood be leading to-night. Sand very much in evidence last Saturday-worse than Rantji's flies. A. Whitney performed the "lihast trick." North 25, M'Kenzie 14 not out, Ames 12, Prideau 11, Drydle 10 Baps best bats; Wilchor 10, W. Pitt 10 not out, Wilcher 3 for 34, Jones 3 for 46, were Wesleys working warriors. Steve Byrne a regular bush lawyer -always arguing points with the um pires. Hard luck, Dick Salt! Caught af ter a short innings. A convenient gloom: A ship that took a picnic party down the Bay and had to anchor all day on account of the bush-fires. A conversation overheard. IMale picknicker : "It might have been worse dear." Female picknicker: "Yes, pet, it's like sitting in the parlour without having to turn down Sthe gas; is'nt it." " The Silver King" will be repeated by r WVilson Barrett at the Prine Thetre Sthia ealag.pg 