THE PASSING SHOW, (By Grumbler). To all whom it may concern! be it known that the Tribune of the People, the great high priest of democracy in this protectionist paradise lost colony of Victoria, namely, W. Trenwith, M.L.A., has become a large landed proprietor in the Mallee. It will -be observed that be did not select Gippsland to grow beet, as the minimum wage might be enforced ; or invest his capital in a boot factory where he could put into practice the principals he has preached so long. How Howeyer, after he has had a trial of drought, bush-fires, &c;, we may expect to hear a wail like this; pass the Lyre please, and come into my little back room : Listen all yon labor members, I've a tale of woe to tell, I'm a squatter, don't you know it — Don't my tall hat and dress suit show it?. What with dodging the unemployed, And unionist leaders all galore, Oft I've asked myself the question — What was I a lion leader for ? Cbokcs : — Why did I leave my cobbler's last in Richmond flat, For the sake of a fashionable suit and stove-pipe hat ; The Trades-hall have ' Baysted ' me well, to be a squatter now I aspire ; I've been tossed out of the trades-hall pan into a Mallee bush-fire. In by-gone days, Lor lummy, Oh the popular praise I got ; When Sangster, Hancock and Maloney — dear creature, Cracked me up in every feature, Go the Yarra bank on Sunday, Also in the Richmond park ! I've been 'chucked' by the labor party, Now I'm floundering in the dark, Chorus — (No medals). Talking about selectors, of course everybody knows that the coming labor leader (when Billson knocks Trenwith out for Richmond), Johnny Hancock, always has been a pretty free selector of doubles at Ascot, Moonee Yalley, Rich- mond, and elsewhere. There is no appli cation of the minimum wage to the in- vestment of his capital there you know. To all appearances the elect of Port Melbourne will need to take up a selec- tion too, and go in for raising turnips ; the " Swede " variety preferred, locally raised, the foreign article not wanted, '' Scotch Yellows" not objected to. Mora' .—When anyone writes a letter for you be sure of its contents before signing your "cognomen" to it, and send it to the papers. It was amusing, to say the least of it, to hear the juvenile councillor telling his superiors that they knew Butty- gangs, &c.; T'would be interesting to know whether he has taught his Grand- ma the way to extract the nourishment contained in an egg, and how to use it to the best advantage. The Mayor was kept pretty busy giving his casting vote on Tuesday, when the farce was on in reference to the tender business. Perhaps youthful in- experience Is responsible for so much talking of fudge to the gallery. 