ODDS-AND END8 " Dear air," wrote a sallee bank man ager to one of his lients lately, "you will be good enough to bring in all the lie stock on your farti'anid lodge it with me, a iu ccordance with tihe terms of oar lien." o To days later the farmer arrivedouetide the bank promises with all his live stock. with him. It consisted of two emus, a wallaby, and.a billy-goat. There is now every prospect of the bank declaring a dividlendsi next half-year, and releasing a so1e 91 its " fixed" deposits. A Minister of the. Crown was travelling r in ih'Bi lwell diiitriqflately'Whebi he had Stie pleasure of beig driveh round by bne Sof those keen local oliticlasn who never lose, an opporiunity of ventilating their vlews to vieitors,'ditingnished or other-. Swise. " I hope thie Turner Government will not forget to keep the one man one vote in the forefrontof thlir programmp," .he began. " Without that I don't know Swhat's going to becomd ;of the country anyhow. Jt.ie the only hope we working Smen have. Wliy, it will be the snlvation Sof us, and make Victoria the glorious count,? that it ought to be. Yes, stick, toit, air, stick to it." Then the Mlinister thought a bit, nd i nquired, '. What about -tlbt6-enotnehod yon were asking for up here ? 1 suppose ou aiit that',toob" " Oh, the engind.e-sBAd, ?ildebrae &.vaids the other. " W4? i~ can't gilv'e' you both," said the Millfi'er. "'Now, which will you have-the oo moan .one vote or the engine-shod ?" * *' The engine-shed," came the answer. A numberof persons were talk'ng about telescopes, and eaibh professed to have looked through the " largest one in the woltd." One after another told of the powerful effect it the reepectivo teles conpe. At last a'qui,,t mn anid mildly, " I once looked throngh a telescope. I don't know an it was the largest in the. world. I hope it wasn't. But it brought the moon so near that we coull see the man in it geeticulating wildly and crying out, ' Don't shoot l don't shoot I' The old fool thought it was a lig cannon thot we were poluting at him." The quiet man subsided, and so did all the rnst of them, Few women know how toreat as they should. They think that thy Iliust un dress and go to bed to be thoroughly com. fertable. This, is a mistake, provided there is a tlbouretorfoo-totol in the room on which the feei may reat, while the other part of the body'is enppoited by a chair. You can real and rest comfortibly la this fasliso ; and lot it be whispered huore between our-elves that if we want to gain the muimnin of rest in the mini onm of timt, we isahold copy that inile. aint but healthfnl'trick of the miasculine drooais, and put our feet oconasionlly higher than our heads. Fashionable womsen, to. whom the noceaity of never showing fatigue and of ever looking their best has taught thit knack, fall into this .posture whenever they are inthe seclusion Of tieir own apartment;. - Germany wept into the China shlop, With ItReusa close behind. France aid Bplin'ahd Italy Sbouted;-.M Wlhal a find I" Old John Bull was watching the game, 8aid nothing conl.) he finer, for.when there's a hall in a China alsop, Ohl what a Mnashing of China. At the welding of oan unrivilised monr ter of abushlann?i at Mickubil.ger, the bert Ian, fqjli/ln.il gopodol ae.aton,, kMieaed the neewly-nlheil bri4B. HiUi'Ld no 'ionexr dAine'so-lrnlwevor, thtn lie got a terrifio "fltnuol". on thi jtfy from the enraged briltegroom, who wanted to know what the- , etc., ihe meuant by "mona.ini' me old wvlianisi ?" Tlhel'iest man ret'liiited. a ring was at onon forniedl by trio lirirlal t parly, and 4 gaerylttle ensuli.d with the a whole l'c-l populution ra referee and bottle-llder, while the blislhing brilo stood by and advised lier hnbhiy to " olhaw 'im up.'.. After. an exceedingly " wilinig go, t.le hriitcgrdrim. knocked Ili, man nist, . 'andrioiving no reeponlsu to his offrr '" eii ea't'any ix of the crowd," lie spiat n.t ba'f a dpzente*tl, ofraightpnid his bat` ' tred nose, and departed for tho.wedding breakfast with lhis paney- blossaom. .-: e tonieat.nugget over found (in Shell. back was down in Bill Jones' lhimn. Bill and hisi mate, Rocky George, weron, top. ing out one aftern'ion 'ditaing the wild sixties, when RJibky saw the shaft esddrrn tly darkaq0. "IOeco herr.*,, Bill I Dnrrioil .Railobow' Sal lasn't fallen down 'the shaft I" It's ni right, boyr, I thonght you'd be dry,' o I fetched the liottle." whispered Sal, lying in a heap at the but tom. Sie had fallen 60 feet unhurt-nnd the bottle was unhroken. It was in thu days of crinolines, and here haid opened ont like a parachute. A' Gippaland bush-fire incident. As Swingler of .ted Jacket, near Woods' Paint, was riding..alInd:he gnt thrown from his horse, fractnrinx pever4l ribs in the full. ie Inoyi.insensiblu all night. Th!e horse stayod besl Ie him n'l tie tiume, and, so lie states, lrought him to hii senuse in the morning by " htr.iking himi with his hoof." Tlirnlie 'inanaged to lnmount and tide home. M'acaola)'s vereo-goes : B1ic, like a graven imnge, Black Aniter kept his pilce, And ever wistfuliy he looked Into hie master's fas. . During the visit of the English cricket team to Hamilton " the coming, of the great lRajah " Racji caused adl the lotitl Hindoo hawkers tp come round and equat on their hams outsile the RaEmilton Club waitj.n, for their oountryman's appearance. Rani. llowover, dai.'* -rpPaar.hainar knn. busy inventing excufise ot the "Review of lIoriews " for the tearn's recent Knook out. Certain young squatters, tiring of the matchl, went buck to the club, grah bed a hawker " the dead spit" of Ranji, took him inaidle and dreared him up in tall i, ha and frock coat" like an A.D.OC. at a garden party. Taking a cab tlhey started off to the natclh to give the people their money's worth. ,.But Ranji No. 2 wra too ouaaing-be dropped out. en route and tonk to the bua?i ixings and all. 