? BUSH FIKES AT CAPE 1 0TWAI. A SENSATIONAL COACH RIDE. MELBOURNE CYCLISTS IN . DANGER; . An^Apollo Bay telegram to the Melbourne 'Argus' of the 5th inst, reports that the inail coach running from Forrest to Apollo' Bay had a:x extiting experience on Friday night. 'Bush fires were raging all through the Otway. Forest,' and the road frqm .the commencement of the coach journey ^up to the top 01 Mount Sabine had had to be cleare 1 from fallen burning timber by a bushman, who rode ahead of ths ctfaclnvith an axe. But after leav ing .Sabine the bushfires 'were found to have increased in fierceness. The air was thick with smoke, and on either side the crackling of wood, and the flash of flame indicated the presence of extensive fires near th? track. There were eight passen gers in the coach—two men, five ladies, and a little'' girl. As the journey progressed, the fires bo came worse, huge trees, close to the ?roadside being masses of flame. Suddenly the driver cried, ? ''Jump out, quick; there's a tree falling,' and almost before the words were out of his mouth an immense blaz ing trunk fell with a loud crash right across '.the track, only h'alf s dozen yards in front of the heads of the horses, sending up a cloud of sparks, and scattering shreds of burning bark in all directions. The passengers.' got out- as quickly as possible, and hurried intoi a part of scrub, where there was comparative safety, and the coach driver, turn ing the horses round, got his horses out of danger. He was only just in- time, for a few moments later another tree— a. giant of the forest, indeed— fell- across the track, flar ing hisrh.' ' The situation of the passengers was by no means plea sant. A few yards, ahead of them, so nearthat the heat scorched a lady's veil, ihe bush fire was scouring the land-cap,e, , whilst in the opposite direction, but farther in the bush, tho .flames were crackling, and creupiinr towards the road. It wa,s impossible to go. forward, and risky to go back, but the latin- course was the wiser, and the passengers .were driven back about two miles to the 'house 'of a settler, Mr. J. Williams, who, on learning the. state of the case, .agreed to-inakc them as comfortable as possible for the night. The driver then saddled: a pack horse, in order that he might gallop to Apollo. Bay and Skene's Creek with the mails. This he was able to do by dodging the fire, al though on the journey he had the mail-bags alight -four times, and had. to smother the fire as best he could. A party of cyclists had a narrow escape on the same road earlier in the day. They encountered blazing logs, were scorched with fires on both sides, and had to beware of of falling boughs. Up one of the steep hills the party was walking, and three of them had just got past a high tree, which was just about to fall. It was, indeed, swaying in the wind. Dr. Andrew, of Glenferrie, had just got past, and he called to those behind, Mr. D. F. Lumsden and Mr. Ernest Scott, of the 'Han- sard' staff, to hurry up;' The latter gentlemen ran, up with their bicy cles, and had not been clear of the spot more tlian half a minute when the tree crasV- i to thejjround. The coach journey was resumed on Saurday morning. The fire had then burned itself , more into the heart of the forest, and,thoughtli2re were still smouldering trees across 'the track, which had to be cut through with the axe, the journey was accomplished without accident. 