Literature, Art, Etc. Bat voids are things, and a small drop of ink, Falling like dew upon a thought, produces That which makes thousands, perhaps Scribes and Pharisees," by William Le Queux (E. S, Wigg and Sons) author of " A Madonna of the Music Halls," and Beveral other works of fiction is not as smart as the title would lead one to suppose. It is a story that shifts about between London and Paris, and dwells for awhile on the higher and lower Bohemia of the two cities. There are three would-be artists, one of whom-is a lost quantity before the book concludes. One makes a name for himself eventually as a painter ; the third; seeing his talents will not run to oils and colors, takes up journalism. The struggles of the amateur press man, and the crushed hopes of the budding novelist are well depicted, but the foolhardiness of the educated, ambitious man in marrying a commonplace girl who gains a precar ous living among the ragtag of ft low class theatre, has been doue so much better by many other authors. Of course, she becomes a millstone round his neck an thpy all do, and as he goes up she goes down, till at last she drinks herself to death and thus frees him from his hastily riveted bonds. There is another woman in the question, of course—there always is—and finally a second marriage makes all things even. An Australian pressman, Mr Francis Myres, now of.the "Star," Sydney, but formerly known in Melbourne as "Telemachus" of the " Argus," has recently published a romance founded on the Biblical story of " Abeshag the Shunamite," which ie the title of tho book. King Solomon, his mother Bathsheba, Joab, the captain of the Israelitish-army, Adonjah, and other well-known characters of Hebraic history are introduced, amid a setting of oriental magnificence. The story is dramatic and florid in style, as well as fascinating from the novelty of its plot, while its literary merit is striking. Eider Haggard's soldier brother, Colonel Haggard, has turned out a novel based on the military career of Hannibal, the great General. He gives the title of " Hannibal's Daughter" to his book, which is to be issued immediately by MesBrs. Hutchinson, London. In order to be able to manage what is termed " local color," the Colonel visited the principal battlefields of the Carthaginian soldier, and a plan of Cannae will be given with the story, which should be of great interest. Miss Marie Corelli always had great hopes of the ultimate success of her late stepbrother, Eric Mackay, who wrote the " Love Letters of a Violinist," and whose death recently at the age of 47 cut short what might have proved a very brilliant career. It had been the poet's intention to publish a new volume of his poems, but pneumonia stegped in before he was ready. He was born in the same year in which his father, Dr Charles Mackay, published his famous song, "Cheer, Boys, Cheer." Joan Torrance, in.the "Tatler," thus pays a gentle tribute to the deceased, in memory of his best work, viz.: LOVE LETTERS OF A VIOLINIST. " Love's minstrel thou, great in the realm of verse J Biight-winged music hovered, but Bee thoven strong Smiled on the trembling theme, then like a blast Swelled forth the anthems of majestic song. The great world listens to the mighty strings Of love, life's courage gladness—even death Grows beautiful beneath the sacred touch, Draws the Elysian plain so near to earth. Oh! poet, king, in lands beyond the sun Thy music ifl perfected, and true life begun." At Sotheby's Rooms, London, was sold recently a sixteenth century silver spoon, weighing a little more than an ounce/for the extraordinary sum of £30 109. It was of the seal top design which is 60 rare, hence the value placed upon it by connoiseurs. The interior of the Royal Exchange, London, will in the course of time become a record of English history since the panels of the walls are gradually being filled with paintings by well-known artists, all of which are representative of thrilling historical scenes. The latest addition is from the brush of Mr E. Geotze; illustrative of Richard III being offered the crown of England at Baynord's castle. Mr Ernest Croft is engaged on the work depicting the opening of the Exchange by Queen Elizabeth, and iB done by the artist at the instance of the mercers company. Another pan«l, to the\ord«r of the Sun Fire Insurance'Co., is'to be'painted by" Mr Stanhopn Forbes, R.A., in illustration of the great fire of London in 1666, while' Sir Samuel Montagu has commissioned Mr J. S. Solomon, R. A., to do a picture dealing with the demand made by Charles I. for the ladies of the five members of the Guild Hall. Other subjects sugested for the filling in of the panels are, Alfred the Great repairing the walls of the city in the 9th century, the building of the tower of London, King John signing the Magna Charta, the insurrection of -Wat Tyler, the founding of the Bank of England, the entertainment of the five Kings by the Vintner's Co., and a "folkmote" in St. Paul's churchyard. Amongst a series of black and white sketches just received from London at the museum and art gallery, Beaufort-street, is a pen and ink drawing by Sir John Mil lias, which is a valuable example. When Turner had finished his picture of Covent Garden, and it was still on the easel, an acquaintance of many years came to see it. She was a lady of more than average intellectual ability, and she stood tor several minutes gazing at the canvas with a puzzled expression on her countenance. At last she said, " Well, Mr Turner, I have been to Covent Garden probably as often as you have, but I cannot see it as you do." " Don't you wish you couid, madam ?" was the instantaneous rejoinder of the artist. Mr John Longstaff, the promising young Melbourne painter, is going to have an exhibition of his works at the old Court buildings, Swanston-street, shortly, under the auspices of the Acting-Governor, Sir John Madden. An interesting picture will be a bushfire. In order to master the local color of the subject, the artist visited Gippsland while the fires were raging and toot a Series of sketches on the spot. Mr Mr Longstaff's fine painting entitled " The Sirens" is a work of much merit which has received recognition at the hands of London critics. millions, think. BYRON. 