That garden raiders are on the war-path. That the weatber-god has afforded variety during the week. That K. ThomaB has grown the heBt peaches in the district this season. That the Hospital Committee seems ^ent on eclipsing the Council with ' scenes." That too many precautions cannot be taken locally against the incursions of typhoid. That a joke's a joke, but throwing stones, in lieu of rice at wedding parties, borders on the criminal. That the Band materially enlivened matters in town on Saturday night, That the copper lode near Condo bolin threatens to develop into a gi gantic affair. That the international cricket fever is as virulent here just now as typhoid fever was this time two years ago. That the " On Dit" man doesn't hear much now about the decimation of unregistered dogs. That the municipal election panned out just as was expected. That the bitterness engendered over that hospital rumpus had better be fired at once into the lower dam. That it is probable extensive de veloping operations will shortly even tuate out at the London Lead. That the owners of the leases do hot, it appears, intend to rely solely on patent plates tests. That our farmers should iS be on deck" with samples of wheat for Europe. That Fififtldites are as full of fight as a sojur ant over the attempt to filch from them the Common. And quite right! That the half-yearly payments on Burrawang homestead selections, taken upon 5th August last, should be paid at once. That Mr. A. Gardiner says he will not enter into the contest for Ash burnham U'lless the electors desire him to do so. That H. H. Morantj alias "The Breaker," has just gone and '* pro ; moted" a polo club amongst the Johnnies on the Hawkesbury. That T. Brown, M.P. will, in A, ■ Stewart, find a foeman worthy of his steel. That petty robberies are all the rage in Parkes. That houses are entered and booty Becured in the most off-hand manner. That householders would do well to lay in a stock oi ammunition, for the special benefit of thieves. That there is, after all, nothing like the ping of a .well-directed bullet to bring the thief to a Beose of the situation. That an unfair charge was laid to Alderman Rose'a discredit on the eve of the election. xbat it waB generally rumored round that he had made an onslaught, on nc mination day, on 'loafers1 who sit on cer tain street seats. Tl.-t he neyer did anything of the kind ; never mentioned the word " loafer," in fact. That no doubt the report materially discounted his chances of success— simple as it may seem. That a bush-fire is said to have been raging out Coobang way at the beginning of the week. That the establishment of a Saving Bank and Money Order Office a Fifield would be a decided boou. That there is some talk of further police resignations in the district. That local shop-keepers were again notified during the week that they must not expose goods for sale on the foot ' paths, That it is quite right to free the footpaths from obstacles—at the same 4ime it is to be hoped the shopkeepers will not be needlessly harraased. That a much graver breach of the bye-laws, in the ehape of riding on the footpaths, requires immediate atten f &0B. i ' 