FLASHES FROM THE WEEKLIES . \--~ THE City Council of Melbourne is at last conscience stricken and is mending its manners in respect of its treatment of its workmen. A year or two ago the corporation reluctantly agreed to adopt the minimum wage principle, but framed tile regulations. -relating thereto so that the sweatingrevil was perpetuated in an aggravated-form-un der contractors. A scale was'fixed for able bodied men, and a lower one for men past the age of two score arid ten, or who might affirm truthfully or other wise that they were looking towards the horizon of sixty. This was no check, but rather an encouragement for sweating contractors, who had no difficulty in finding plenty professedly aged but able-bodied men ' only too glad to accept the lower wage. The result has'been that the laborers em ployed in cleansing the city streets have been toiling from 12-to 13 hours a day for' the pittance: of' Os, whilst their middlemen employers have been pocketing -profits-of from'10 to 25 per cent. .This arrangement -was a dis. grace to the wealthy nmetrospolis, but for 'a long time the city fathers were deaf to all appeals for redress. It is pleasing, however, to now find that they are not hopelessly inhumane. At their meeting on Monday they acknow ledged their unrighteousness and pro 'mised to make amends for their parsi mony- in a laudable manner. Contra- " tors are to be compelled to distribute an extra £2000 ainongst workmen, orderly drivers are to get 6s 6d per day, scayengers, blacksmiths, etc., ?s, and men in charge 8s,-with time and a half for Sunday work. '-' : \- Persons attenipting- 'uicide cannot.. bae too careful, rconsidering theidahgers, i but; now and then one `hears of a wonid-be- self-murderer who takes all necessary precautions -toy obviate a fatality. I (" Atticus" in ?the Leader) have heard of a.man who had the good sense to `think of obtaining hot water in which to drown himself, so as to avoid the chance of catching cold ; but he was rashness itself compared with the Ballarat Irishman who, after a hot 'dispute with his wife, rushed from the house, declaring his intention to de stroy himself. He made his way I: hastily to the lake side, secured one of the cork life buoys around his body, *and plunged into the water, where he r was found, floating contentedly, by his wife and a small regiment of neighbors I whom she had summoned to the rescue. "You did not mean to drown yourself at all !" said one of the party. "'Be' me sowl I did that !" "Then \- why did you put the buoy on before jumping in I" "Becaze I couldn't hey got id on so aisy if it was trowed t'me whoile I was in the wather, ye fool." Having succeeded in coaxing out of the Government a free gift of the various pieces of artillery aboard the . Nelson the various corporations who secured them prepared last week to batter the Railway fort held by Gene ral Mathieson, loading their newly ac quired gunnery to the muzzle with legal cartridges and objections to pay the freight demanded by that gallant officer. The General, however, declined to yield, and the several' corporations 'concerned will either have to pay and jlook pleasant, or else fight the law question out, and look extremely ridi 3culous. The funny part of the situa tion is that the corporations have evi dently not yet grasped the idea of a '. conspiracy between a generous Govern ment and an astute railway manager \- to add a trifle to the railway revenue. -. "The -members of the Auckland Wo., -men's Liberal:League must- be a lively lot, judging from the reports of their last meeting. There were no remarks about " nasty thing," "spiteful cat," etc. It was far more serious, for when they had gone in for prayer, one lady expressed a desire to know why ano ther had been allowed to call her an im becile and a lunatic. Next followed some allusions to vipers, and then sud denly a lady came forward who was" described as "molten lava." ThisVesu vian in petticoats took up the running in a true volcanic style, and wound up a speech with a remark that she had only seen one woman worth loving and that was herself. After this modest assertion the meeting collapsed. After all, there must be something like lava in the veins of a woman who thinks she is the only woman in the world worth loving. At a time when a long succession of droughts, culminating in disastrous bushfires, has seriously affected the ag: ricultural and pastoral interests of the colonies, it is pleasant to turn from this dark side of the picture to the picture to the brighter spectacle pre sented by the Australian gold returns. The yield for 1897 was 2,899,660oz, or a value of £11,091,000, or an increase on the previous year of £2,000,000. Taking a period of 11 years, we find 'that the yield has increased from 1,389,6000oz to last year's enormous total, so that in the period mentioned the production of ,oldin Australia has more than doubled, while the increase shows every sign of continuance. The figures shbw that out of evil good may come, for it will be noticed that the ad vance of the gold output almost exactly coincides with the period of greatest depression. Men were forced by the absolute failure of their ordinary means of earning a livelihood to take up the prospector's pick and shovel; and it has thus happened that a very -consi derable quantity of: the gold won has gone direct to the workers instead of being divided among speculative share holders in large syndicates. In .any case there is a good deal of truth in the popular axiom that an ounce of gold costs its full value to win; and as the proportion paid in wages is exceedingly large, it is rather a matter for congra tulation thab this vast sum should haive been divided amongst the woriipg population at a moment when every. other resource seemed to have failed. Action is being taken by the League of Victorian Wheelmen which will be' highly appreciated by all eyclists on tour through the country. At 'bit few Cross roads are there tinger posts, and tourists on the wheel frequently run a mile or two on the wrong8 track. before meeting with anyone to. put them right. Again, on many r~oas are sudden turns on. to dangerous jills, on which many cyclists taken by surprise have come to serious grief. It might be thought the duty of the country municipalities to provide suitable sign posts for the guidance of wheeling tourists and other travellers, just as urban bodies letter their streets. As, however, in their present state of impecuniosity they would probably decline to incur the expense which would be -involved, the Lesgue of Wheelmen is undertaking to supply all the direetion tablets 'and danger boards required, and only'seak the municipalities 'to have them.'ereoted.. The ooundtry connIls omuot wltay ' grace refuse to comply lith the rquest of tbheLemgew 