A CHRISTMAS IDYLL. IN TWO JINGLES. JINOLB THE FIRST. weather was hot ; hot did \ I I I say, well, it was just the sort A of weather one could expect dnritig a big droaghtand in the month of December. The sun sent its burning rays scorching up everything: ibe crass had gradually dried off, the finicing incipient cyclonic winds catching tip thetinder like blades and hurling them hither and thither like a plaything. The dams had shrunken, until only a small quantity of brown-looking fluid remained in the bottom of the excavations. The stock, well - their corrugated sides .showed too plainly that on Harley Downs things were only middling. Day after day the position became more serious; anxiously Mr. Embrey scanned the horizon and shook bis bend sorrowfully as he saw the wind persistently keeping in the wrong direction: he was not a "Wragge, but lie knew that there was little ?use in praying for rain while the wind held in that direction. AH during the month the glass had persistently kept in the centuries, and when our little sketoh opens old Sol had for the hundredth time gone down like a ball of file-the red ness intensified at times by the haze created by a bushfire. But on Harley Downs things were no worse than on any other downs in Central Western Queens land. When the Land Commissioners went over the territory there was grass up to the horse's fetlocks, the dams were full, and the water gurgled over the breakwater as it dashed on its course, filling the creeks and holes. But now: Alas! that such a fine country should be subject to such extraordinary changes of drought and flood. Either a feast or a famine-and just now famine. It wanted but a few days to Christmas, and the station teams had not arrived with the annual cheer-for bad as things were Mr. Embrey had determined to keep up the good old custom-but" Old John," the carrier, encountering long dry stages, was ptill 50 miles away. The sun had just gone down, as USUBI blood red, when entering the verandah through the open Venetians, came a tall elim girl-a typical Australian. She was a girl with grey roguish eyes, a vivacious blonde, one who would tempt the impressionable youth to fall head over heels in love with at once because she was all smiles, and when she smiled . her eyes would tight up as if they were on fire. And Clara Embrey had conquered all the young fellows for hundreds of miles around-all were in love with Clara, but Bbe seemingly treated all alike ; carried herjieart on her sleeve as it were. But she did not treat all alike for al] that. She had a deeper regard for one than she oared about owning to except to her own heart-and that one was only a poor stockman, who could ill afford to marry on SOs. a week and found, even if be conld annex the squatter's only daughter. And that night Berty Winter was expected,-to pay his clandestine visits to Clora meant a ride of 50 miles before sunset and dawn, and how often be had made the trip only Clara, himself and his nag Dorry knew. Clara's little beart beat wildly as the ball clock pointed to nine, for she knew (how subtle is a woman's intuition ) that within a quarter of an hour afterwards the note of the wagtail would be heard in the orangery ; and then she would quietly disappear down the vine-covered verandah and through the rustic gate at the extreme end. Presently " Pretty creature," " Pretty creature," came the cry ; a little start from Clara, and she flitted away, her father, who by this time was wearily resting in a squatter's chair/taking little -heed of herdisappearanee. Poor old Embrey ; he was a lone man, a widower, and with all his hopeB centred on Clara, who had just turned 20, and whom he hoped to see wed to the neigh boring squatter, Jack Brennan, of Elcho Hills, In the shrubbery stood a tall, sun tanned, broad-shouldered young fellow, sans coat, but a navy blue commerband set off his Crimean shirt, opened at the neck. He was ^a,^. handsome, looking chap with penetrating grey eyes, a moustache of which he was evidently roud, and close cropped hair.' With 1 at in hand he again whistled " Pretty i creature/' jnst as'the lithe f6r a of Clara ?a$p#tfed. " Ah, my pretty ? oreature," ] said he, as be cmlirncpii iiis love in so ardent a manner that Clara drew back expostulating. " Berty, you are too rough." " Pray forgive me, dear, I could not help it; you look lovely with your little friz"-fingering it admiringly-" that I was quite carried away." After the usual soft nothings, Berty said, " Clara, dear, 1 am going away. I hate this life ; I hale this continual round of doing nothing but fence inspect ing ; I feel I must do something, or I shall never win you. The old man would never consent to his only child marrying a common stockman, even if he has passed his B.A. in Melbourne. I love you too well, dear, to ask you to marry a pauper," and he bowed his head. " Poor Berty," eaitl Clara, " I do love you sincerely, and I understand yon. But what can you do. The whole country is oaten up with drought, and I fear we shall have to abandon Hurley Downs unless rain falls soon. Father teils me the position is serious, and lie has hinted that he would like to 6ee me nude comfortable eve the drought break6 his heart." " Yes, I know," snid Berty bitterly, he wnnts you to marry my employer, Jack Brennan. But you don't care for hiin Clura ?" " No, I-I-well I don't hate him, Berty, but I don't care for hiin." Eerty Winter was a eon of old Winter of Jamberoo, a Victorian squatter of the old school, but had been a bit sell-willed and independent. He had received a good education and passed a University exam, with honors. His father had offered hiui the management of one of his properties, and Berty was actually en route to take charge, when a gold diggings broke out, and with the impetuosity of youth, for Berty was only 20, lie "caught the fever and rushed off to the new El Dorado. He did well, but getting into fast company squandered his earnings and realised one morning that he was a " broker." This made him desperate, and going from had to worse lie was soon dubbed " Bert, the Bummer." Old Winter heard of this, and cut his son off. He wrote, " It were bad enough to throw up your chance in life, but worse to disgrace the good name which your parents ever bore ; as you have inadc your bed lie on it. Ton are henceforth no son of mine." So poor Berty was an outcast. One day he was accosted by a stranger, " What, Berty ?" asked the astonished stranger. " Yes, that's me;' Berty the Bummer,' arc you going to shout ?" leading the way to the bar of the '. Pick and Shovel." " Oh, no, Berty," I want you. You have forgotten me, but I know you ; we were chums once-have you forgotten Jack Brennan ?" " Let me alone, go away," and Berty did what he thought he was incapable of before, shed tears. " Come away," said Jack, " and let us talk." And talk they did-or rather Jack did the talking. The result of the conversation was this: Jack , Brennan was doing a fly round preparatory to going to Queensland to take charge of a little property left him by a relative. He offered Berty a posi tion on the station, where he hoped to wean him back again to respectability;' and in time to effect a reconciliation with | the stern old parent. Berty had been I for three years, with Jack Brennan, and although he was treated as well as other bachelors in the quarters the past caused hiin to begin to hate and then abhor his surroundings. Berty had met the, heiress of Harley Downs upon several occasions, and regard ripened into love a love that was reciprocated by Clara. Jack was a fairly constant visitor too at Harley Downs, and had gone so faras to feel a regard for Clara, whom be thought would make a suitable mistress for Elcho Hills, but lie had not reached the stage of losing bis appetite over the lady. Now that we have brought our story up to date we will resume : " Yes, Clara, I must and will do something. I am off to the opal fields. I shall there make or break. If I make I shall return and claim you for my wife, if I break, I shall " What's this ; What's this; Clara, Clara!" It was old Embrey. " Go into the house at once-and you, sir," turning to Berty, "what do you mean by clandestinely meeting my daughter; how long has this been going on ? answer, or by God old as I am I'll thrash you. What, Berty Winter, the stockman from Elcho Hills?" " Forgive me," said Berty, " I have nothing to explain ; I met your daughter to tell her I am going away-if I return it will be as a rich man to claim bfer as my. wife-if otherwise don't be hard upon her, sir, it was my fault, and not hers." Tbc old man, ready to explode with Eassion, was about to speak, but Berty ad gone. It'wafi a sorrowful Christmas at Har ley Downs ; Jack Brennan oame over to spend the holiday and told the company Berty.had disappeared) leaving £10 for a horse and saddle be had taken, but stating no word as to w iere lie was going. Clara was deathly pale and said she was unweli, and could not lie drawn into con versation, and t.lie usual festivities were shorn o[ tlie gaiety that tisnnlly obtained at Hnrley Downs. Old Emhrey, too, was taciturn, and instead of Christmas D»J' being « time of ylaJuess and jolificalivi) it was dull-oppressively dull. " Confound it," suid Jack Brennan as lie eat on the verandah, smoking a eignr lie had dng up from somewhere, " I wish that confounded tPam had arrived." " And bo say all of us," chimed in the others. Cut it wasn't the non.arrival of tlie Christmas supplies that mndc old Emhrey and his daughter so dull-both were thinking of the events of two nights he fore-the quiet little scene in the 