A Kingston Resident " Bike" Took* INC.—The Beachport corsespondent of I the " Advertiser" states that " On Mon day Mr. W. W. Pinches, of Kingston, I travelled to Robe in the coach, and then [started for Beachport on his bicycle. After going a few miles on his journey he i was unable to control his machine pro [ perly, bnt he struggled on, when he fairly collapsed. Mr. Watson, of Konetta station, happened to be passing, and he brought Mr. Pinches into Beach port. Mr. Pinches thought be had a sunstroke, and be at once proceeded to Gambier for medical attendance." Transfers or Leases.—Applications have been made for the following trans fers of leases:—Homestead, Hundred of 'Joyce, from A. L. Campbell to Robert Campbell; perpetual and right of pur chase, Hundred of Fox, from W. J. Umpherston to R. McDonnell; perpetual and right of purchose, Hundred of Mount Muirhead, from Simon McArthur to Geo. Skeer; right of purchase, Hundred of Mount Muirhead, from A. G. Kilsby to W. J. Major; right of purchase, Hundred of Mount Muirbead, from Simon Mc Arthur to G. P. Skeer; right of purchase, Hundred of Kenuion, from A. J. Kilsby to A. J. Altchwager. On Monday Hugh Owen Devereux was committed for trial at Miliicent on the charge of committing a capital offaace on a young unmarried woman named Sarah Sims residing at Tantanoola. Devereux, who is a married man, came from Braux holme in Victoria, and was trapping rab bits at TIMW991& for the Miliicent Fac tory. Fkuit Fbom Penola.—Messrs. W. Thyer and Co. had on view on Friday morning (writes the "Register") a splendid sample of fruit from the Coona warra Frnit Colony, Penola, consisting of 50 cases of peaches of first-class quality. This is the first large consignment which has come to Adelaide from the fruit blocks established by Mr. John Riddoch at the Sonth-Eastern town, and the sue and flavour of the peaches speak well for the care and attention bestowed on the trees, as well as the wonderful productive ness of the soil. The trees are only three years old, and although this particular lot came from Mr. Riddoch's own block tbe frnit on the other holdings is of the same fine quality. Mr. Thyer, knowing the ! shortness of the crop in and around Ade laide, net only in peaches but in apples, went to the Sonlh-East a few days ago, and the result of his visit is that the city markets will probably be relieved by supplies from Penola. The particular kinds of peaches sent down are the Royal George Silver Skins. In March he ex pects weekly about 100 cases of the late peaches. Apples are also plentiful at the Coonawarra Fruit Colony, and thirty-two of tbe very best sorts are growing and producing abundantly. The transit from Penola to Adelaide was facilitated by the railway authorities. The fruit was picked early on Thursday morning, and then ptaced on the passenger-train, which arrived in Adelaide in the evening. Bicycle Road Race.—On Wednesday afternoon a bicycle road race was ran in connection with the Narracoot te Cycling Club. The distance was 10 miles, and the course chosen was te the five-mile-post on the Border Town road and back, starting from the Institute. Eight nominations were received for the event, but two of the nnmber only being "moderate pace" riders disclaimed any knowledge of hav been entered with their consent, so that only half-a-dozen likely candidates were ! left iii the race. Of this number five i came to the post, the absentee being Mr. J. Marshall. The names of the con- j testante, their machines, and handicaps, wereG. Greenham, New Rapid, 36 lbs, j 76 g, 5 minutes; A. Chaplin, Raleigh, 30 lbs, 63 g, 2 minutes ; G. Wynes, American Humber, 26 lbs, 76 g, 1J minutes; A. Winnerbom, Premier, 29 lbs, 76 g, scr.; R. McLeod, Red Bird, 21 lbs, 77 g, scr. A strong wind, bringing up clouds of dnst, blew from the west ana soath- west daring the race, and the riders had to face it for a mile going outwards, and the wind was pretty well in their faces com ing back, excepting during the last mile, when they had the wind behind them. Mr. B. Jones acted as time- keeper and got the competitors away well to time. Messrs. L. A. Davies and B. Jones performed the duties of judges. Greenham, who had five minutes,start was the hardest man for thescrateh riders to overhaul, but they caught him within three miles from home, and a grand race between McLeod and Winnerbom was then fought out. They rode wheel and wheel for the remainder of the distance home, aud finished almost a dead heat on the post, the judges giving their verdict in favor of Winnerbom. On coming in Winnerbom ran over a dog which pat him somewhat off his balance, and a few yards farther—about 15 yards past the winning post—his machine slipped and he was throwu heavily on to the road. On being picked up it was fonnd that he had sus tained severe cuts on the right arm and leg. Mr. Davies, chemist, was in attend ance and the unfortunate cyclist had his wounds cleaned and dressed. One of the pedals of Winnerbom's machine was bent, and the handle slightly chipped, bat otherwise the bicycle was in good order, Greenham finished third several lengths behind McLeod and Winnerbom, Wynes was a bad fourth, and Chaplin last. The race was witnessed by a number of people, and the finish caused an amonnt of excitement. McLeod, who was finish ing in a fresher condition than his opponent seemed to have victory easy within his grasp, and evidently treated Winnerbom too lightly in the run home. Both of them, however, rode a capital race, and should make first-class track riders. The prizes for the race were cash or trophies, value £1 and 10s. The race was run in 38min. 42sees. Mobs' Rabbit Poison.—Mors1 rabbit poison gives great satisfaction to those using it. A sheepfarmer, when writiDg to Mr. L. DeGaris last week ordering an additional supply, stated that he bad tried all sorts of jams, bat Mors took the cake. He says—"It baa actually laid them out in hundreds in the farrows." Lady Cyclists* Social.—On Wednes day evening between 20 and 30 of the gentlemen members of the Cycling Club and a number of friends were entertained at a social aud dance in the Institute Hall by the lady cyclists of the town. The even* mg's entertainment was made up of progressive euchre and dancing, and dpring the interval a capital supper was served round. The table on which the dainties were laid out was tastefully arranged, the colors of the club—pink and white—and imitations of cycle wheels making an attractive decoration. The proceedings commenced at 8.30 o'clock and from that hour till 10.30 progressive euchre was in dulged in by most of the guests, while a few of those present enjoyed themselves at other pastimes. In the euchre contest Mr. and Mrs. Shoebridge scored the high est numbers, and the distinction of being booby fell to Mr. Wiunerbom from the gentlemen, and Miss H. G. McKay among the ladies. The highest and lowest lady and gentlemen scorers obtained a prise, and the presentation to the boobies cansed some amnsement. Dr. Macmillan, the President of the Clnb,presented the prizes. During the supper interval Mr. L. A. Davies proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies for the pleasant evening they bad provided for the gentlemen present, and expressed the hope that more ladies would join the ranks of eycling. Mr. Shoebridge seconded the vote of thanks, aud said that1 Narracoorte was noted for the liberal way the ladies always came forward to assist at gatherings for the benefit of the town and district. He also mentioned that the members of the club should make a combined effort and oppose the stringent by-laws for the regulation of cycling traffic which had been passed by the District Council. Mr. Greenhatn inti» mated that he had written to the Chair man of the Council stating that the mem bers of the Club objected to some of the by-laws passed, and he had received a com munication stating that if the club waited on the Conneil and stated their grievances they eould no doubt adopt by.laws which wonld suit both parties. Mr. Greenham announced that a meeting of cyclists was to be held the following evening to con sider the by-laws- After supper the ball was cleared, and dancing filled up the re> mainder of the evening. Mrs. Walters and Mr. D.Caldwell supplied the music,and Mr. Shoebridge acted as ceremonial steward. A very pleasant gathering terminated shortly after 12 o'clock. Tallow,—Messrs. Crompton and Son report, under date of Adelaide,February 14, that the loeal tallow market 1$ exceedingly firm, As the local users are importing from the eastern colonies rates here are very high when compared with London. . He Neahly Bought a Cow.—A rather amusing incident occurred at a sale of stock conducted by our well and favorably known " knight of the hammer," Mr. L. DeGaris on Friday, February 11. The object on which Mr. DeGaris was ex pounding virtues was a nicely bred cow, and after the usual fromula of " terms" etc., the cow was started and knocked down to a well-known dealer in horse-flesb and road metal. Mr. Auctioneer wanted cash down en the nail, when Mr. hallooing his boy, roared out" Jimmy, did you bring iu the cheque book ?" and receiving an answer in the negative, replied (and the air was toll of sulphuric essence) " lost a pretty little cow for the want of a jb cheque book." J The Weather.—Although heavy rains have fallen within the past week or two over Queensland, New South Wales, Vic toria, and the greater portion of South Australia, the South-East has not benefit ed in the distribution of the moisture, and we are still without rain. The past few days have been pleasantly cool. On Wed nesday morning heavy clouds gathered in the sky and it looked as it rain was close at hand, but only a few drops fell aod the clouds all disappeared again. Wednesday uight was very celd ..for this time of the year and was followed by a fine sunny day yesterday. The Government Astronomer's forecast telegraphed yesterday was :— "Everywhere fine and cool and pleasant. Mostly clear." Brighton Blind and Deaf and Dumb Asylum.—We are in receipt of the annual report of this institution, which is situated near Adelaide. It discloses a satisfactory 1 state of affairs. The total amount of sub-, script ions received during the year was £1,593 19s 5d: of which amount Mr. Gib son, the travelling collector, collected £940 2s 2d. During the year 72 blind, deaf, and damb persons received the benefits of the Institution. Mr. Gibson met with gratifyog support in the South East. District Councils in the South-East 1 subscribed as follows Lacepede, £2 2s; Mount Gambler West, £2 2s; Meniagie, £1 Is; Narracoorte, £2 2s ; Fenola, £1 Is ; Robe, £1 Is; Tatiara, £1 Is; Mount Gam bier Corporation, £1 Is. The follow ing amounts were collected in town- i ships in the South-East: — Beachport, £3 8s 6d ; Border Town, £5 9s ; East Wellington, £4 7s; Furner, £1 13s 6d; Kingston, £5 12s lOd ; Lucindale, £2 2s 6d ; Millicent, £8 lis fid;. Mount Gam-, bier, £43 0s 3d; Narracoorte, £15 12s; Penola, £7 6s 5d ; Robe, £9 7s; Wolselev, £3 3s 6d. Station subscriptions were re ceived as follows.-Binnum,£26s; Burrun gull, 15s; Coola, £3 7s 6d; Gleucoe, £5 4s; Glenroy, £2 12s; Hynam, £3 15s fid ;1 Katnook, £7 3s 6d; Killanoola, £3 lis fid : 1 Kybybolite, £3 9s; Limestone Ridge, LI 5s; Maaoupe, L25s; Mingbool, L3 9s; Morambro, L510s; Moy Hall, Lfi 5s; Mt. Sehanck, L4 10a 6d ; Padtbaway, L6 12s fid ; Penola, LI 7s; Struan, Li 7s; War rattenbullie, L6 lis fid. Bishop Hakubr. — The Anglican" Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Harmer) is now on his annual pastoral visit to the South East, and is conducting a series of con firmation services throughout this portion of his diocese. He conducted a confirm ation service at Boader Town on Tuesday evening, and arrived at Narracoorte by train on Wednesday evening. _ The same evening be held a - -confirmation service in St. Paul's Church before a full congrega tion. He spent yesterday in visitations in anjl around Narracoorte, and left .by train yesterday evening forPenoIa, where he conducted a confirmation service. His Lordship will conduct services at Christ Church, Mount Gambier, on Sunday. He will conduct services at Millicent on Mon day, Beachport on Tnssday, Bobe on Wednesday, Kingston on Thursday, re turning to Adelaide eu Friday. District Council Prosecutions.— District Councils are entrusted 'with" ex tensive powers of local government which it is their duty to discharge faithfully. Among their duties is to act as pnblic prosecutors in certain infringements of the laws of the coufitry. At the Police Court on Monday last the Banger as an officer of the Narracoorte District Council prosecuted several persons for having unregistered dogs in their possession, and obtained convictions against them. A lawyer represented the Council in each case and taade the usual application for costs,-- including £1 Is counsel fee in each case. This fee the Court refused to grant, which , refusal was quite within its power, but . the lawyer has to be paid his guinea :fee ah the same, for if the delinquents do not pay the fee the Council must; therefore in the un registered dog prosecutions, on Monday the Council is rewarded for its diligence in discharging its duties by indirect mone tary loss of lis in some cases and 16s in other , cases. This is what would be termed paying through the nose to dis charge duties to uphold the law of the land. The Council cannot afford to dis charge its duties as a public prosecutor at a considerable monetary loss, and it will have to consider the Dositioh nerionslv. The Court was no doubt, guided in its judgment with -a good conscience in not granting counsel fees. Unfortunately, the Court has no discretion allowed it in the matter of the fee, or it might have award ed 5s in each case. There is one thing very clear, and that is there is no nse of the Council undertaking prosecutions if they ! are to bo a serious source of expense. As suming that theCourt had the praiseworthy object in view of keeping down lawyers' expenses there are several ways of dealing with the matter with a desire to prevent the ratepayers money being wasted. The first is to do without a lawyer.- Nov?, we see great danger in adopting this course. Upon the officer of the Council would be thrown the responsibility of drawing out the information and conducting the case ; and even the most intelligent officer would be unable to oope with such a duty, especially if the delinquent had a lawyer to represent him. Ibe Counoil might make a rale to the effect that if a defend ant notified bis intention within a reason able time tbat he would plead guilty he would be guaranteed that there would be no counsel engaged and therefore no fee charged. The next way out of the difficulty would be for the Council to make arrangements with their lawyer to charge on a sliding scale accord ing to the number of cases heard on a cer tain day. If there were say five cases of a similar kind such, as there were at the Court on Monday the lawyer would get a lump sum of say L2 2s or LB 3s. Of course in a case where the delinquent pleads not guilty tbe lawyer bas more work to do than in one where be does plead guilty.! But the practical way out of the difficulty is for the Attorney-General to make a re gulation providing in District Council prosecutions for a scale of costs ranging from Ids upwards. As tbe law now stands District Councils in under taking tbeir duties as public prosecutors are at the caprice of the Court in awarding costs; and sometimes, as in the cases under review, they are fined more severely than the delinquents for doing their duty, Postal Arrangements.—It is pro posed to bold a meeting shortly (states the "Register") t<) discuss the advisableness of forming a deputation to wait upon the Minister ©f Education, to ask that the ?>stal arrangements should be amended, he object in view is that the charge for transmission through the post within South Australia of wholly printed circu lars should bp reduced to a halfpenny for two ounces, or if the circular is produced by other mechanical processes, such as cbromography, copying-press, typewriter, imitatiou thereof, one halfpenny for 2 oz., provided at least 100 copies of such cir culars in absolute^ identical terms be-sub mitted to the post-office and posted at the same time, and each envelope or wrapper be marked " 100 posted." This system is in vogue jn yiotoria and New South Wales. The Mount Garabivr Branch of the Agricul tural Bureau have decided to ask the Tatiara Branch to postpone the annual conference fixed for MaTch 16 for a month, if possible. The Mount Gambier School Board of Advice have agreed to co-operate with the Narracoorte Board in the endeavour to secure the appoint ment of a truaut inspector for the South-East. The A.M.P. Society are about to build a district office at Mount Gambier, Numerous icebergs are said to be floating in the South Pacific Ocean, south- west of New Zealand and east of the Auckland islands. Heavy rains fell throughout New South Wales on Saturday and Sunday,' accompanied by stormy winds. A great deal of damage was done in several places, and shipping along the coast bad a yerjr rough time of it. At Sydney five inches of rain fell. The brig Amy, which left Woolongong, N.S.W., on Sunday morning for Sydney with a crew of seven hands, was wrecked during a heavy gale °n McCauley Beach, near Bulli, on Sunday afternoon. All the crew were drowned. . At the Malvern (Vie.) Police Court on Mon day Henry Sheen was committed for trial for attempting to murder his wife on ^February 5 by shooting her with a revolver. An inquest on the body of Joseph M'Donald, who was found dead in his tent at Warra Yaden (Vic.) with a gunshot wound in bis head, has been opened and adjourned. There is no doubt that a foul murder has been committed, the man being shot at the top of the head f:om thegback with a gun. ' The country in and around Wilcannia is flooded The people of Port Pirie are agitating for an addition to their Hospital, and complain of the Government delaying the work. They have raised £300 towards the cost. Mr. Kruger has been re-elected President of the South African Republic by an immense majority over his two opponents, G. W. Burger and General Joubert. The Millicent Pacing Club has decided not to hold a race meeting this year. The finances of the club are not too bright. The Millicent rabbit canning works are now closed for a time. Madam Melba has been engaged for the com ing grand opera season in London. Galishive, the Bechuana chief, has been sen tenced to 10 years' imprisonment for his part , in the recent revolt, | ' A little fellow, 7 years of age, who wandered from home at Moorngag, Victoria, was attacked by a Jersey bull and killed. The Beacbport District Council cannot see its way to construct the subsidiary draius under the Mount Hope drainage scheme owing to the great expense they will entail. John 3?tnn, a miner, was killed at theBendi go mines last week through a _ heavy piece of timber from above falling on him. _ Nora Creina, which ran in the Handicap Hurdle Race at Caulfield on Saturday, sus tained such seveie injuries that it had to be shot. During January 93,395 oz.,8 dwt., 19 gr., of gold, valued at £354,992 13s 5d, were exported from South Australia. Madame Albani, the famous queen of boh", arrived at Adelaide on Tuesday by the it.M.S. Oruba". Charles Swan, a mason, while on a scaffold doing same repairs to an hotel at Bowden on Monday afternoon, fell to the ground. He was picked up in an unconscious scate and found te be suffering from concussion of the brain. The estimated population of Queensland at the end of 1897 was 484,700. A young man named Walter Nicholls while fighting the bushGres near Lilydale, Queensland, was killed by a falling tree. The bushfires throughout Tasmania are now well under control. 