[?] waa hrid laBt ratotheTroaaont, Mh Ltdrry, in the J j uMuPHibtmtt»reTappomtea. $hy tared. With regard to the jpp»s'uliis IK d t-fhuks mfiofim for the office wrouidbe inrited, U> afarv'of £S- Mr. fiondv mooed tostffwrrootxhereoaved. Reoonffid bfikr. Gxav.snS remed. Mr. Ttrionl sinwd tfat the cpxt be adopted, eeconded brMr. OkRerAr. kfer.W«ata«tt lhcairirf jf ajsnhrtsirtisl zedrotion in the priaattotQt<8»s Adfipftteroriabezfc- ainedthatfljat per dunld be Ktoraied- Yhe chairman stated that that was ttee- tmtko ritheoommttee. The report was adopted. Mr. Wcstarott moved that mp- ifirilinsl 7 y . oatbe SSrd fetrfarffleUBee of Khrarian bc called for istoeffosnaca Stttaw. Seconded by Air. Gray aad earned- Die jarethg thai, adjourned till Wednesday next, «t 8 p-m- Ekeusa Cetticisji — We have not bees atfe to aee the fMffy GnijAie eliithra 'rrased the onimon that AnttraHan bcnr5ng must tevrrakjbot jfipwAM Milder r — J&nfa; ay pMt — " AH chance <ff raving the fallow on was bet in a few overs, and vrhm tfae ride west in again, with arrears of 205 rims to Wipe off, the best tiy could hope far vu to rare driest by an hnringa. Very 8«m it became apparent that even this oorwolatinn vras to be denied then, far the jumg Ass- traton bowler Xobfe ret bmnrif to justify ha ariectam, and, taking six wiekett far -0 tuns, succeeded, with tfae aid of Tkumlde, in diiuniwnng Jfae riritots fee the poor score of 150\. ThnetoeAnttxAliaaEwoutfaereropdof the fire test matches by an failings and 55 tubs ; and they may be heartily congratu lated on Wing one of fee finest teams that erer went into the field- The heavy reverae infected on the coiomste in the first test match at Sydney has been fully a vetoed." And thus tbe DaSg Ch rtrmiHr — " No stand of importance was made against Noble, whose bowling we do not know here, and TYnmble, whose powers ore only too familiar to oar cricketers, and who, at his best, sends down more artinl and difficult faallfc than any riowbowier in other country. But Anstrx- fian success with the boll would hardly hare availed tfaeCohnual team without their won derful acore of 530, made against ot least fire bowlers of first rate, H not of unequalled, quality. Thus far, indeed, the excitement of the groat encounter has been, sustained. Three more test matches remain. We are no longer unbeaten, and though we do not think that Australia can hold her own against us on our moist and uncertain wiikets, it is dear that under conditions winch suit her she may run us very dose in deed. Certainly, if we cannot beat her with Mr. Stoddarfs tram, we never shaO. An. ideal solution, from the English print of view, would be that we should win the rubber, and. that is all. A Fearful Stub.— Sydney fur nishes accounts of a tremendous stenn which raged sronud the coast on Saturday night and Sunday,- and which created a great deal rfdamage amongst the draping, resulting unfortunately in serious fees of life. Die wind blew with hurricane fnry, the pare reaching, at times, as high as 64 miles an hour. Amongst many casualties to shipping those which befell the brig Amy and the whopper Malcolm stand out as the most disastrous. The former left Wollon- goog on Saturday with a cargo of coal, aad at about 4.30 pre. she ran ashore near Bulli, and raieedily became a total wreck, all on hoard, numbering seven men, being lost. The accident, was witnessed by several people on shore, but they were powerless to render assistance, as they bad no rocket apparatus, and a boat could nut live in such a tempestuous sea- One of the crew, in hanging to a plank, was swept within a few yards o! the beach, but he was then carried back by the current and was seen no move. The rest of the crew took to tbe rigging, bet the masts soon gave way and they disappeared. The schooner sr.wim which lrft Woolangong shartlv afterthe Amy, met with a similar fate off the Buffi jetty. All that is known of the disaster is that on Monday morning the masts and rigging of a sdtooiier, believed to be the Malcolm, were eoen sticking out of toe water, and it is assumed that the crew of hfnui tiMffli nflpdifij. Hw» Mfl'nn Ffti- wick also went adore at Bart Hacking, bat hsppihrinfeT case all on board were landed in safety. As three are a number of -over- due vessels, great caeariness prevails in and, on Monday the telegraph officers were beseged by people who tod friends or relatives ahoud the missing craft. Accompanying the hurricane there was a very heavy fall of rain, 4 inches 21 prints being recorded in Sydney in 21 hours, while in remote Bonike 345 points felL Treasury Accouhts axd Parceis. — The following accounts are waiting pay- mmt at the Hamilton Treasury : — R. Barnes, J. Blackwood, Branxhrime Mechanics' Insti tute, Cameron Brothers, W. Casey, S. Con nor, Jane Dnggan (3), Robert Ford, A-Greed. Catherine Horan, A Loftus, W. D. K. Mac- riffivray (3), A. Pitcher, F. Roberts, L. M. Lesser, Trustee In the estate of H. Raseu- bloom, R Boscoe, M. M. Silberberg, Thomas Scott, F- A. Sweetoam (2). Parcels ad dresed to the foBowing are lying at the local railway station: — C. Waters, Mrs. G. But ler, — MTArty, — Roberta (Cavendish), — Payne, R R L. Bootley, A. Greed, Mrs. Henry, Miss She, E.1 Atkinson. Ttaugott Schnltz, Mrs. C. F. Heales, C. Brown. Hamilton Police Court.— Mr. 11 "Coronet, P.M., presided at this Court on Tuesday, tod dealt with toe foBowing cases:— Gobs and Johnson v. Martin Barney, riaimfbr £49a Sd. goods sold and driivered. Mr. S. E Palmer appeared for complain ants. Order for amount Aim! with lSa 8d costs. Thomas Woodford applied far a marine collector's licaise, which application was granted. Margaret Brown v. D. F. Brown was a case in which the complainant proceeded against her husband for leaving his seven children without adequate means of support. As she tod not brought her marriage certificate with her the case was adjourned tin the 22nd Feb. A " Kibsing Line" --The idea of estahtishinga "kissing. line" on piers to keep enthusiastic incoming passengers and theu- equally demonstrative friends from meeting ferproloDged embraces before the baggage has been ditooeed of wpsreeentiy disenssed fay New York Customs "ffirisl They have complained ' for some time that tiHdrwruk, slow enough in the best of cir cumstances, is greatly hampered by the hundreds of Jdsguig couples, whose greetings seem -never to end. To remedy this they suggest that a line be established on the piers, which shall hem in arriving passen ger® until their baggage has been passed, and which shall keep toeir friends out. The officials did not say whether they' would causa toearrestofany young man who might so far feiget himself in his eagerness to greet a returning friend of his sister as to ramp the line and IdsB the passenger before toe wind Wasgiyen. vYfaey think, however, that surfa cases can he provided for . by alittle "dieaimniation. One Custom House tn»n cays that on the arrival of toe steamer Kaiser W ilhelm der Groese an old maid who hadn't anyone else to' kiss pretended toe him before to'cwold'jnntect hnnselL The officials assert that freguaitiy personswho, it is supposed, are embracing each other are really transferring smuggled goods tocarii other's pockets. : A "Vrtkrah oh the Heat Wavx — Those who believe that tins is the worst summer there ever was in toe Wrild, let alone .Vkfauis, will totestoauto.criiitoE of comfort feria the memory ri a etotiemto . who ouriit to be. if he' is notTtofitlung- soughtWbide6t inhabitant." fWR'cf; MototBowaivina ietterto the BoOarot Star says :— Being -a oofoniGt ri inany btoktoeli it X have ever speg eudi a -continued toai of dry and hot weather rintehave'toto: vs. toB colonies to 'tost experienced lately. Yes, tte summer of 1849 to 18S0 wto ri tests Sir£5S??ffiE- mkrAz 7 raleosmectami between BfarkThrasdsysiri I toe go Id disjuwij, Imt for cur own I psrt we plaee more nfisnee in "G.R'e» I Stoiimwwtfas his pwpkeries. ) lei SilCEMT HAAF-HOUDAT.— I ifae wira toe! I drafe.t,'"'griaeukliMis have afaaady beec I mSSit against several tradesmen for faffiin I o dose their tospaon SstoidayaReusiura, I and judging by the boat of teehnkabtia I vrinto surround toe cases, toe anthoriths I win probably with, before it b all <mr, tiat I tbfy bad kftmattera where they were. In I toe case of Mesas.' Fey and Gibson the I rtetyh-vSBemtobe ahiinil ismlmnu>hli|L I crag to toe gmltlplioly of 1 lis nee they I cany on under toe same roof. Many of I toeke casoe under toe operatomnf toe Act, fl but in the majority of fines ' toev are | jAs the deparnoeca I MUnntr toem, it it iuiraswilife to dose one 1 without closing all. The question hence I arises, will thefaweorapda saento do sn I hnposrihiliby. Abesdy about 309 mm I manses bare been msued agiSnst toe fino. I and ky toe time toey are all dhpased of 1 prohtoiyeume further ltwiBhe throwa I an toe matter. I Nrw Inbolvsst. — The folfowino I stoedule was filed at tfae officer toe Oarf I Clark, Hanalton, on Thesdsy t-Edwud I j-ewrs, of Heuriatulabonrer. Cinuu. of I 6df I Mr. R E. (files, assignee. 1 Cbickst. — The Presbyterian Oridcet I ground of the latter yesterday aftanoasu I J. Brown, h luring the toes from a I Weihes, elected to fast an a new inioit I whket which played wril, tbe total bring 77 I runs, H-.Middleton (not out) 19, L. XMrifle 17, and J- Brown 12, bong (he only double figure Ecotos, Weihen capturing 7 wickets for 27. The Acadrarafara replied with 45, TYcihen beteg the I chief contributor with 8, Frost securing I toe exreHml average of .7 for 13. In tbe second attempt the Presfcyterims ket 4 I wictete for 42, L Melville (not outl 19. I The viritora were boteitafaty artertamed at I afternoon tea by the ftjnqpaL I Opks Air Coxanx.— Encouraged I by toe beautifully cord and fine weather crowds of people promenaded the street in the neighbourhood of the Post-office last I night to enjoy the excellent nnuac oi the Hamilton Town Band, who for about au boor pbred cb the vacant piece of ground opposite tost budding, under the abk ehfe leadership of lb. F. C Hhgbes. TTse pieces rendered were all sew 9 ones, and the - band, the members of winch were all droned in torir banasaoe nerw unifoims, displayed great profiaewy H and precaaon in their wrerarticn. Thehond H will play again cn Sunday afternoon mthe braonical gardens, the programme for whkh wffl appear in our issne of Saturday next Tbe public of Hamilton are much indebted fl to the Town Band for their delightful opra Fbopbrtt Sams. — The public are I reminded that Mesas. Bobt. Stapyfon B Bree and Col win ofiier by auction on batur- H day a valaahle allotmmt in the town of Hamiltrm, containing about one acre, on winch a comfortable 4-room cottage is B erected; ata» on timsane date, the proper known as tteegme, m Souresht -street, on which is erected a weatherboard dwelling, Bushfires are still raging in Tasmania. H Nearly 70,000 rabfaite were exported from H Victoria last week. It ie reported that several lives have best B lost in the fires in Uxhridge. The A.N.A- ammal conference is to be held at Bendigo -oil Marrffi 15. The steeplechaser NraaOrina met with fatal injuries at Canffirid on Saturday. Since Christmas nearly 63 indies of rain H has fallen in the Mack&y; district of Queen- H bod. H Mr. Cmnmings, of Kanmnhra, Yktoria, H has died from Etmstrokc received about 10 H d&yssgo.; \- - Madame Mriha has been aigsged to an- H pear in opera during the craning season at H Covent Garden. By the Oruha Madame Alhani, the ede- bated soprano, has arrived under engage- H jramt to Messrs. Wiffianram and Musgre. Coleraine people are ragaaiang a mow- fflffi ment towards bringing that district us H minently before tfae public as a health te- H sort. " It was the best outing we're had," was fl the general verdict of the Federal delegate: |9 at the coodntion of the Ballaiat trip on H Saturday. Lieutenant Griqnhram, of the Victorian H navy, Is to leave tor England next week to go through the requalifyiiig course for gun- nery lieutenant. It Is atmouDced that nominations for all handicap events in connection with the H Hamilton St. Patrick's Day Sports arc due on the 24th inst. H At the earnest desire of Sir William B McGregor, Lord Lomiugtoti, Sir Hugh Nel- H son ami Sir Samuel Griffith will probably B visit New Guinea. The Chamber of Commerce protest B against the right of appeal to the Friiy Council being abolished as pnqposed by the H Federal Craiventirai. A Crifitot Old 4eAwici«ng v. Present Boys, will take place on the SScd fori., tlie occasion being the opening of their new asphalt cricket pitch. B Dnrmgthe present summer more people hare visited Pratland than has ever been the case before, the town having been full since B the beginning of the year. B It is announced in our advertising coSntnSE that the entries for the Trinity College ranrical examination dose with the loeil secretary, Mis Betas, to-day. The total quantity of wheat at present on the stations shows an increase for the week B of 14,390 bags, being also 15,735 bags more than at toe same date in 1897. B Whilst the bush fires were burning at MouDt Cole, the noil in a certain gully fer an area of two acres brunt like pest, and almost every tree waa uprooted. Harvesting in most parte of the Cresrici district is W)ell advanced, and the wheat oop especially has given hevre returns. Some of toe oats are of excellent quah-. |B The myrtery attaohing to the drath oi Joseph M'Donald at Warra Yadin, new Ararat, remains unsolved. The detectives and police are busily engaged on the rasa. An election to fill toe extraordinaiv vacancy caused in the North-east riding « jB toe Minhamite Sfore Council will be held TO the 2nd March. The I7th Feb. is nomina- B tiondM-. . H The BeiEuanaririet, Galitowe, who, after B befog fo rebeUiun against the British for B eerexal months, was captured in Augast B last yBar, has tasn tried and sentenced to B 10 years' imprisonmeoL B A latge supply irf phylloxera readmg B tines has beenwrdered rim France by the B New - South Wales Gorernmeut, and d» H Victorian .Department «f Agritailture oh- B taineda toalrebf toeinrderi- We have received the Gippelsnd Sfcrcrrf B fokrf H Guide. "jvTwinff!i TjtW-nTniH ma5S " information on all inattehs to be of H Mr.J. aaou/raje of the early B pastoral pioneers of toe Westem district, a B lyfog ffl at St Nada, and littlfi hopes of hit recovery fa tafortafoBd. Mr. Currie is the B owner of Larfa, Gala and Utangs statiofa. H \- - The . ritasdord states that the British Bj Government wfll raxmoee to etrengthen foe B army by ths addition of six battaliffli8 B fofantry and llO gunB, fovolvii an ui' B brrese of 7ELOOO.OOO potarmum in tee army Mf> tSMi:Miiita .-udvfaed that the H verioustito'cnlcmieE ahdOTotectora«e » B South Africa-ghonld federate with togard | fotetaut qtiestidris,' as the Orartae D«e B gtjfoeandtoeSraito Africaii RaBopw H 'pote.tifdK !' t'S'it.-- ' : r " : >_&& B tariay-dtWtw®1 B toe pastSeandtoe ywfeeSfifirosIb' toeaugying H WBSTTi ' r B John Iemak, a jniner.aged 45, was killed |B in the Ceoesus Proprietary mine, KaJgooriie, on Saturday. He fired some shots at the bottom of the abaft, and waa being hauled H to the surface in a bucket, but when SO feet H above the bottom he fell, and it is believed H eras killed instantly, "the shots -doing him little damage. H At Deniliquin the average temperature for 19 days in December was nearly 102 degrees ; for the 31 days in January, nearly 100 de- grees ; and for the first four days of this H month, over 105 degrees ; and for the 53 consecutive days, 102 7 degrees. For ex- H ceasive and continuous heat this record has H never been equalled at Deniliquin. . H During the present season Mr. Ferrer, of Bendigo, has disposed . of 2300 cases pf H tomatoes from five acres of ground, the prices obtained ranging from 14s to 20s, I while a few early ones sold at 28s. Since the middle of December the sale of this fruit H has brought him in considerably over £600, and he calculates that he "will obtain about 2000 cases more before the season ends. H The record number of rabbits since pre- serving operations were commenced at Port- land was received on Thursday and Friday at the local freezing works, when on each of the days mentioned 4,000 pairs of rabbits I cams to hand. Owing to the 'cool weather the rabbits were in splendid condition. The company has at present in its stores about H 14,000 carcases of frozen mutton and lamb, 2,000 crates of frozen rabbits, and 700 or 800 cases of boiled rabbits, besides large quan- titles of preserved barracouta, eels, crayfish, etc. 