The Country lluinert l-y Frcetivide. Stu, — The continued harping ou tho aliovo by newspapers, politicians, and private in dividuals is most sickening to thoso who, iu the first place, know that N.S. Wales, so far from being ruined, is in, at. least, as good a position as any other colonial portion of the Emoire ; and who know, further, that Protection has proved a delusion in every Australian colony that has tried it. I heard the assertion made most emphatically, .so recently as last night, in an hotel between this and Lismore, and havo since inflicted upon myself tho task of reading through a speech delivered by Mr. Perry, M.L.A., mainly to the same effect as reported in your columns of the 4th inst. A pretty fair sunplu of the sophisticated rant and delu sive clap-trap I havo heard repeated over and over again iu many places, during the past 30 years, is reported in the speech re ferred to. There may have been some ex f,„. fi,.. ...it,, vi. in-;,,.. men of the Perry stamp to mislead theiu in tho past, but it is beyond comprehension tlmt, in face of results thoro, so frequently laid bare in the columns of your own and other honest journals circulating on tho North Coast, that such speakers can get a partial hearing by any audience claiming to possess average intelligence. The same post that brought me your paper of the 4th inst. also placed me iu possession of the loading Victorian journal of January 25th, tho columns of which toein with facts over riding Mr. Perry's platitudes. I hand it to you with this, as I purpose referring to several items, which should afford enlight enment to followers of fiction, dished up by Lync, See, Perry, and tho rest of t.he Protection dolusionists. Tho leading ar ticle commences, ' Many Gorman news papers are expressing approval of the British policy of Free-trade in China.' After — I cannot say how many thousand — years of ultra-Protection, it requires tho power of a Freetrade Britain to prevent the Protec tionist European countries from monopolis ing tho spoils of tho sick Eastern Empire. Surely this affords some protest against the Chinese Wall-building policy for N.S. Wales, of which Mr. Perry is a distinguished sup porter and exponent. Your readers don't require a Melbourne paper to enlighten tliein as to the untruthful assertions of British trade declining, which Mr. Perry touched upon ; nevertheless, tho extract from a private letter is most- interesting. I will reuuotoa few passages : — 'The work ing-classes hayo been doing famously well.' 'Tho chief complaint of tho manufacturers is that they cannot got labor.' 'Through the enormous cycle trade, boy labor is dear ; a boy leaving school asks !)s or 10s a week for a start at any trade, of which, of course, he knows nothing.' Tlio Ann is altogether at sea in telling the Victorian public about the decline of Great Britain and British trade and prosperity. 'I wish Victoria wore half as prosperous as I see people hero ; I find the people hero quite jubi lant.' ' They have no fear of German or any other competition.' Tho writer refers to the bicycle boom as being on a par with tho Victorian land boom, only with tho wide difference that it has not collapsed. Your Protectionist readers should mark well that in Free-trade England boys com mand !)s per week at the bicycle and other trades, while quite recently I read that tho cycle-making men of Protectionist Berlin were clamoring for more Protection against tho Protectionist United States, which, probably, applied equally to the machines turned out in London and Birmingham ; and I can readily believe that the same trade operatives in the States aro in au equally bad way as thoso of Germany. I will now refer you to the column headed ' Distress among tho Hoot Operatives' (of Melbourne). If Free-trade is closing boot and other factories iu N.S. Wales, a duty of 5s per pair on the leading lines, oven with tlio aid of au exhaustive Factory Act, is, unable to keep men in employment else where. A stock cry of tho Lynes and Perrys is that a young country cannot be come nrosiioroits without Protection. 1 have listened to similar assertions during a period of ISO years in Australia. The pre sent position of thu.Melbi.urue boot trade is alone a sufficient answer to those who utter them. Tho paragraph which I call special attention to in the accompanying newspaper refers to the bush-fire calamity which lms recently visited the southern colony. It is headed 'All Danger past Facing tlio Future,' anil shows clearly that, notwithstanding tho alleged benefits i.f 21! years' Protection, the Victorian far mers, as a class, are mortgaged aud other wise in much the same position as tlieir brethren iu N.S. Wales, lam not. quite so simple as to imagine that a Free-trade policy would have cured all the evils my agricultural fellow-colonists have long .suf fered from. What 1 desire to point mil is, that thoso who believe in u Perry policy will assuredly come to grief if ever : that policy is foisted upon this colony. It is just 20 years this month since I tiavursed the fire-stricken country around Drouin,. with the intention - of 're-entering upon farming pursuits, after giving up New Zealand, with its glutted markets for. but ter, shcop, and grain, as hopeless. A severe drought was raging, and burning fences wore much iu evidence. Though Bony lmd I just previously carried a General Election by an enormous majority, and was' settling I down to turn the colony into an earthly | paradise for the fanner, as well as for tho manufacturer, laborer, and everybody but; the already wealthy classes, who were to be abolished forthwith, I did not liko tlio pro spect before the Gippslandors, therefore.; decided to outer into commerce. Coming across the magnificent, well-watered coun try between hero and Lismore, my thoughts naturally went back 20 years to tho state of things here now and in Gippsland at that period, as well as at present. Floods will again visit .tho North Coast districts, and ruin and devastation bo tho order of things here ; and neither Freetrade nor Protection will prevent same. — Yours, &c.;, VICTORIAN FREETRADER. Baugalow, February 10th. [Papers recoivod, and wc rej;rot tlmt our spiico will not permit ns to publisli extructs referred to.— Ed.], 