BREVIA. An orange tree will bear fruit until 150 years old. Windsor Castle haB been used for a Royal residence for 784 years, Nutmeg, grated into a glass of port or sherry ofte'n cures neuralgia. h Tow natives of Indfa eat more than twice a' day, and thousauds only once. Mr Gladstone, who was suffering from severe^ faciul neuralgia,, is improving in Health; . \ The . question of .tnoxohtrdl of lhc-BMBB» remains undecided, and will bo debalJHHp, the Federal Convention on Monday. mF The only animal that is really dumb ia the Giraffe, which ia unaltlc to express itself by ariy sbuntl \vbatevori - \ TWO SHILLINGS in advance (or 3s. booked) is the Quartet's subscription to the .Scrutineer , Vi ' Wednesday, -Felj ^tb.,- tho secon£,day of the Robertson Show, has been gazefted a public holiday. The halt-yearly balance sheet of tho A.J.S, Bank shows profit for the half-year amount, ing to between £1700 and £1800., ./ 1 At Mittagong on Tuesday a man wai fined £1 for travelling on the railway with an ex pired ticket. It is estimated that owing to tho Engineei'e strike the workman have' lost £2,000,000 in wages alone, whilo the- funds of the unions have been decreased over £600,000. Rabbits are increasing rapidly in the neighbourhood of Barber's Creek, and the Stock Board ha3 been asked to take steps to ?oppress them. Tho next District Court will be held at Moss Vale on I4th February next. Plaints must be entered 12 clear days before the court. - : , Th'omaB Rustini-tbo^oldest native of Parr&» matta, died in- the borough the other day aged eighty-four. He had never been Out of tbo county 01 Cumberland, - and was born within 100 yardi of where lie died. '' ? West Australia has bren importing 100 servant girls per annum for some years now. Tbe'.majority turn out woll, and many marry well. The coBt to the; Government is £20 eaoh i ~ J .V-\ Five American railway companies have booked 45,000 passengers en route to the Yukon goldfields, and the two Pacific steam. | ship companies have provided passages {or 25,000 more..-. V .Vy.' MesBrs Goldsbrough. Mort ' and Co., Limited, .announce that, they have received instructions td'sell' Ey auction on Tuesday next large areas' of land in the Singleton^ New. England,' and Cassilid distriots; \- Tbo Kiama Counoil refuses to^oarry out a new .code of dutlos imposed by; the Board of Health on tho ground that the - Govern- ment refuses to make a special 'grant aa promised. (We commend them.— Ed. i'crttt.) The heaviest baby known is reported from Brussels, where a farmer's wife has given birth to a child weighing over 2llb., which is declared by experts to be the heaviest known. Last year the Goulburn Pastures and Stock Protection Board paid for the following scalps:— ,117,450 hares, 0663 kangaroo rate, X 1 dogs, and 1 1 pups. The cost of these was £1073. Mr. Michael Keely, dairy farmer, of Jasper's Brush, Berry, had 17 cattle poisoned on Tuesday night by eating Young Planters' .Friend, the cattle having broken into the 'paddock during thQ night, s ; Thi Bega Municipality is etaggcrinc along under a debt of between £8000 and £9Q00 ; £8000 of which is on account of the- 'gas. works, the intorcst upon which amounts to tho tidy sum of £4S0 per -ea,r, Newspaper advertielng ia something mora than spending money in tho newspapers. If properly dono it ia tho making of acquaint anceship and friendship that will surely be of great value in time to como. The chargers taken to Ergland by Colonel Lassottor, who commanded tho New South Wales detachment of cavalry at the'Jubilee celebrations, have been sold at Tattersall's, Appolo bringing 110 guiDeas and Cooma 61 guineas. . - Apples spoiled by bush-fires iu Tasmania furnish a striking example of the resulting effects on the fruit-yields of that colony this season. In the New Norfolk 'district a local grower estimates the toss of apples at 10,000 cases. Mr. Pryce, manager of tho Kangaroo River Dairy Company, who oarried off the honors for buttpr at- both the Dapto and Albion Park shows, has, during the last 12.mohths, secured no fewer than 11 first aiid two second prizes for butter. . .. A hat made of glass la the' llatest idea el the woman who wants to indulge their taste in the n\attar of- onormous headgear at the thfiatre. Tho matorial of which these hata aro triado is a very thin preparation of pliable glass, Ono of tho chief ingredlenta ot which is silicate of soda, ' - . The Norwegians of all olasses aro tho boot, behaved people in Europe.' It ia often agreed that an aristooraoy io necessary to give by example a high tone to society ; but Norway is almost tho only country in Europe .without an aristocracy, or any protontiona to ono. ' Tho telegraphic staff of a certain P.O. telle tho story of a measago which recently passed through the office and which toad — 'Gwen- doline, will you bo mino !' Soon tho young lady (a vory pretty girl) came into tho office to send her reply. It read—' Yes, yes, yes. yes, ycB, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,' Sh'o' had her ahilling'a worth, ? Mr. Ponder, of Notting-bill.llaudon. pur chased a safe a few days ago at the auction of tho cffects of a lady in the neighbourhood, recently deceased. On removing thoT-* tit' ho found behind a drawer tho will of'the lady, and Consols and other 0B0U»iUea.tfi the valuo of £10,400. 1: V On Sunday laat Dr, Catnidge,' thA Blihop of Bathurat, conducted tho.morivbg'and ovotilng services at St. S imo'p'' find StT^ude'a C. of E,, Bowral. Tfiore wao o larga' 'con- gregation at oaoh service. At tho conclusion of tho ovoning -cervico tho Bishop-confirmed BO candidates. Tho offortorica during the day in aid of tho building fuud amounted to £*)0. Church Services (to-morrov/) Snnday Church of England— St. John's' Moss tfalo 11 and 7.30; Bong Bong, 11: Berntoa- 3 p.m., High Rango 3pm (H C.) Presbyterian Church— E. ICai g too£n Burrawang, 3 p.m. ; Mora Valo Iixotcr, Wednesday next, 7-3ir. preaoiieSi^ Itov. Boswcll Barry, M.A. ' ' ' Wcalcyan Church— Afternoon, at 3: preacher, Roy. M. H, Parkinson. , ,R.C. Church— Convent, 0 [ Bundanoon, ll.ijO; St. Paul's, Moss Vale, 7.30; Rev. l'athor Rohan, A mob of about 100 head of young dairy Cattlo passod through Wollongoug on Satur day, on routo to the Richmond River. Thoy are a really choice lot, having been picked from tho best hords of tho South Coast, dis- tticts, and will doubtless realise good figures on arrival at their destination, Thoy will bo drivon bv oasy stages to Sydney, where they will bo oliippod on board tho steamer City oi Qiafton for tho Clarence, 