THE great strike of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, which in various forms may be said to have lasted throughout 1897, now affords some prospect of a termination. The follow ing cablegram was yesterday published in our columns:—“The London engi neers hare withdrawn their demand that the eight hours' system should be introduced in the workshops. The employers, however, insist that the workmen-shall accept their proposals with regard to the management of workshops prior to the resumption of work.” The strike was perhaps the most important industrial conflict that has yet taken place in Britain, and though happily the men and their adherents abstained from violence or any organised outrage, yet in all other respects their action is to be deprecated. Regardless not alone of the misery and privations caused to thousands of innocent people, including mostly women and children, indifferent to the fact that a most damaging blow was struck at the trade of Britiau, which was jeopardised by being diverted to the Continent, and the consciousness that they were not at all likely to overcome the employers, they persisted in maintaining the Btruggle, exhausting their resources and risking all that must necessarily arise from failure to accomplish their objects. The dispute arose not from, any serious grievance owing to the action of the employers. It was in consequence of a deliberate scheme to take the masters at a disadvantage during the busy season, by demanding con cessions which, from the nature of the trade, the employers felt they could not grant with a just regard to their own interests. . Throughont the entire year great unrest prevailed, it might be said, all over Great Britian in connection with the engineering trade and unions asso ciated with the shipbuilding industry. Early in 1897 the greatly improved conditions of trade caused the men to make demands for better terms of labor and higher rates of wages. During January and the three follow ing months the men were met in a conciliatory spirit and their demands partially agreed to. Where an increase of 10 per cent, on wages was asked, 5 per cent, was granted, and in some yards accepted, a corresponding ad vance being conceded in regard to piecework. For a time none of the movements were extensive, and gave no cause to suppose that these sporadic dis turbances were the precursors of what may he called the general conflict which subsequently took place. The great strike may be said to have originated at Sunderland in February, bat what with the issue of circulars, the holding of ballots, proposals for conferences, 'the arguments of representatives of 'the unions involved, and the long debates upon isolated and individual cases, as well as main principles, nearly half the year went by before the climax was reached. When the London engineering trades took up the gauge of battle in regard to the eight hours question on Ist May, seven trades unions, representing 15,000 members, issued a circular to London engineering employers demanding a reduction of the period of labor each day to eight hours, or 48 hours per week. No less than 800 employers were communi cated with, and a small number agreed to the men’s request. But the larger firms formed an association connected with the Employers’ Federation in order to make common cause against the trades. On sth June the Federa tion decided to refuse the concession requested. Then this was what oc curred —The Employers’ Federation, 17 th June, met to consider the situation when three of the prin cipal firms represented received notice that their men would be withdrawn unless their terms were granted. The three principal Employers’ Associa tions connected with the ship-building trade resolved that if the threatened strike took place they would reduce the number of hands employed by 25 per cent. The Amalgamated Society retaliated by ordering all members to withdraw as soon as the lock-out notices were issued. The result was that the men were withdrawn, and the trouble extended until early in October fully 50,000 men were in volved in the dispute, and no les3 than 570 firms. At first the ship-builders and boilermakers in London held aloof, as the point at issue was put before the members for a ballot. Every day appeared to augment the difficulties of the situation. It was known that the engineers had the sinews of war in the shape of accumulated funds, that all the co-operating unions were likely to be able to stand a siege for a long time; levies were made on those who sympathised with the objects of the men; appeals were made to the trades in the colonies, and subscriptions were liberally donated. In the meantime negotiations were progressing with a view to a settlement of the difficulty. It would seem, however, as if this disposi tion to agree to terms was mere make believe, conferences were proposed, the terms of meeting agreed upon, together with the arbitrator, but the result was always alike dire failure.' Mr Eitchib, M.F., President of the Board of Trade, at length agreed to intervene in the interests of peace, and he laid before the two parties to the dispute a new basis of conference. His sugges tion was—“ That the notices demand ing a 48 hours week served on the Federated Employers without previous request for a conference, Bhould be withdrawn, and that failing an agree ment for a chairman to preside at the conference each side should have its own chairman; they should consider the best means of avoiding as far as possible future di-pute3; arrangements for the mutual discussion of questions in which both parties were interested, together with hours of labor; and as soon as a settlement was arrived at work should be resumed." The actual conference met on the 24th November, each side having 14 representatives, but, judging from the latest intelli gence received, it is evident that the result was unsatisfactory. There is no gainsaying the import ance of labor as a factor in relation to all industries. At the same time the interests of capital must not be ignored. This is where the trouble comes in. It is too much the habit of men—even of- intelligent and fairly educated men—to set up labor as paramount to capital. They hold that money apart from labor is dross, a valueless mineral. In theory, and as applied directly to the production of wealth,' this view has been supported by some writers who are regarded as authorities. Practically the asser tion of such a principle will hardly hold water, at least while society is constituted as is at present. I Labor is only another word for machi nery. Capital is not alone the oil that greases the machinery in the aggregate sense and enables it to be come productive, but it (capital) directs the whole movement, adjusts operations, is responsible for every eventuality, for failure and success, looks abroad for markets and cus tomers, regulates prices to suit exigen cies, and, in effect, acts as the head and brain in relation to the -entire industrial anatomy. The capitalist is : what the general in command is to the army in action ; what the captain is to his ship in storm, what the father is to the household. He is the true breadwinner. No sensible man in enunciating these opinions—no newspaper conducted upon intelligent principles—would for a moment imply that the workman is personally only a portion of the cast iron machinery, and must be treated as though he were a mere automaton. The whole scheme of industrial or ganisation is one huge machine embracing both capital and labor. The coalition of the two is absolutely essential to productiveness, but the former must govern, and the latter must act in obedience to the mutual welfare of all concerned. The one is the thinker; the other the toiler, it may be in name; but the capitalist not only thinks but toils, harder perhapß than his workman, for all concerned. It is expooted that the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat and Mm Thornton will arrive here abont the end of thia month, or shortly after wards. A private letter has been received from Mrs Thornton, dated early in December, stating that they had tbon packed up, and wonld have a few days’ quint. As the R.H.S. Barbarosna sailed on oithor the 23th nr the 29th Deoember, it is presumed that the bishop and Mrs Thornton took paßsago in that vessel, in which case they should arrive early next month at the latent. Dr Thornton wna, by latest accounts, qnite well, and Mra Thornton’s health bad greatly improved. The telegraphio mennagea in regard to the teat match in Adelaide, wbioh were promptly | posted at Tht Star olEae yesterday, oonveyed tetter news to the majority of thoae who assembled to read them than even the moat sanguine Anstralian native ever anticipated. The firat message told of the Australians’ eoore having been brought to 573, or within IS of their reoord; and the next four oontainod the information that four of the best English batsmen—Mason, M'lxiren, Banjitsinhji, and Storer —had been disposed of for the miserable total of 42 . runs. There ware propheoies that the Englishmen would be all disposed of for 100, but Druoe and Hayward got together, and slowly but Rurely added runs, while Hirst, who was injured on Saturday, had bo far reoovered aa to be able to oarry out hia bat at the drawing of the wiokets for 50, Stoddart being the other not out man with 10. Six wickets were then down for 196 ran*, bat with only Beanie, Riohardson, and Bright to follow it appears highly probable that Stod dart’s team will have to follow on for their second innings with a big shortage. The downfall of the Englishmen on a wicket that is described as being almost perfect is inex plicable, bnt is generally ascribed to the ex ceptional bowling strength of the colonial team. The Englishmen's wiokets fell yesterday as follows: —1 for 24, 2 for 30, 3 for 34, 4 for 42, 5 for 106, and 6 for 172. The same number of Australians retired with the scores as follows: —1 for 95. 2 for 245, 3 for 310, 4 for 374, 5 for 389, G for 475. Trott, the Australian captain, was not amongst the bowlers at the test match yester day, and the circumstance was due, it was generally stated, to the popular player’s ill health, which, it is feared, is of so serious a nature as to necessitate his retirement from oricbet at an early date.' Iredale is mentianed as Trott’s probable successor as captain. The Mayors of the City and Town rast yes terday to discuss the proposed arrangements for entertaining the Federal Convention dele gates dnrinz their stay in Ballarat. Cr Shoppee submitted his proposals for the hos pitalities to be extended to the visitors, and explained that he desired the reception to be a joint one. Some of the details were dis oussed, and Cr Peady promised to consult his colleagues with reference to taking a formal part in the festivities and bearing a propor tion of the cost. The Mayor of the City will also submit the programme conditionally agreed upon to the finanoe committee to morrow. The drafting committee, or as it has been facetiously termed, the “grafting” or working committee, of the Federation Convention, con sisting of Mr E. Barton, the leader of the Convention; Mr R. E. O’Connor, M.L.C., of New South Wale<; and Sir John Downer, the Leader of the Opposition in South Australia, met at the Government offices yesterday for the purpose of carefully revising the Com monwealth Draft Constitution as adopted at the sitting at Adelaide in April, and subsequently amended at the meet ing at Sydney in September. It is not expected that the Convention will meet again after concluding its labors at Melbourne, and, therefore, uuless any defeots in the word ing are remedied now, there will not be another opportunity to amend the Constitution for some years, as that objeot can only be achieved at great expense, tho people of the colonies having to ratify the alteration. It is, therefore, desired to make the clauses as per fect and olear in tbeir meaning as possible at this stage, in order to avoid any trouble and expense hereafter. Mounted-Constable Power, of Bnninyong, yesterday enjoyed the thrilling sensations experienced by a Spanish toreador, although be mot his foe with up-to-date weapons. A drover during the morning passed through the township with a mob of bullocks, one of which, through apparent exhaustion, sank by the wayside. The drover left the animal where it had fallen and continued on his way to the Cattle-yards. Soon after he had gone, however, the bullock, whioh was a tremendous beast, regained strength and commenced to madly oareer around the neighborhood, greatly to the terror of the inhabitants and the school children in particular. UTord was sent to the polios station, and Mounted-Constable Power, armed with his carbine, went out to the rescue. He draw rein within 20 yards of the animal, and pro ceeded to take aim, but the bullock taming quiakly, madly oharged the horse, and disre garding the bullet, which did not touch it in a vital part, before the rider could gather rein, had plunged die of its immense horns into its flank, the force of the shock almost over turning both horse and rider and the blood gashing from the wonnd. Constable Power fired no less than fonr shots into the bulloak before it was despatched. The horse was pot mortally injured, but will probably recover after a lengthy rest. Mr J. F. Pearce, district traffic super intendent, who for some time past has been doing duty at Flinders street, yesterday took charge of the Ballarat district from Mr Jones, with whom he has effected an exchange. The new traffic snperintendent is" well known in Ballarat, having formerly won most favorabla opinions here as station-master, and will be cordially welcomed by the many friends he made daring hie stay here. At the last meeting of the Town Council the works committee were reqnestad t* fix rental and conditions for leasing a portion of the market reserve off Barkly street for the’ treat ment of tailings. The committee yeeterday visited the ground and defined the conditions for leasing. Amongst other matters dealt with by the committee ware the following An offer by Mr M. Teal, of Yarrowee street, to fill the watercourse which runs through his land for £T was not entertained. The clerk of works was instrnoted to remedy a complaint by Mr G. Ludbrook concerning the rubbish tip in Chamberlain street, and of a wooden box drain at the intersection of Trevor and Chamberlain streets. The Town inepectnr’s reoommendaticn that the Yarrowee Creek be flushed periodically was referred to the clerk of works, with a view to ascertaining whether the water oould be dammed back and need occasionally for flushing. It was de cided to have the watar laid on at the manors depot. The mayor and Crs and Dnnn were deputed to confsr with the City Mayor concerning the entertainment of the Federal Convention delegatee. The mayor was requested to visit the Mount Xavier re serve, and allot portions to Me-are TV. Carroll, T. Nolan, and M. Cody, who had applied for permission to mine thereon. An application for permission to mine on the unformed portion of Xing street north was refused. The request of Mr F. Stokes for the levelling of Rodiar street, from Eureka to York streets, was referred to the central ward members. VT. Ryan’s apoli catiou for payment far grubbing trees in Vic toria street was not entertaiaed. It was de cided to notify the Chinese gardeners in Humffray street south that they must refrain from diverting or meddling with the creek near Gladstone street. Crs M’Kes and Dnnn were appointed to act with the mayor in conferring with the directors of the Gas Company with the objeot of obtaining a reduction in the charge for Welsbach lights. A cabmen named David Smyths appeared before Messrs John*, P.M., Aahseon, Archer, M’Naught, and Cooke, J’s.P., at ths City Court yeeterday, charged with having driven his vehicle ou the wrong side of Sturt street on Saturday night, the Bth inst. The street was crowded with people at ths time, and consider able annoyanoe and danger were oaueed by the action of the acoueed. A fine of 3e 6d was im posed, with the alternative of 24 hours’ im priaonment. An elderly man of respectable appearance wa* fined le, in default, one honr’a imprisonment, for having been drunk and dis orderly in Maoarthnr street on Saturday night. A collector’s license was granted to Thomas Griffin. Several petty debt saees were dieposed of. In ths oourse of a csnversational dieouseion at the fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum Committee last night concerning the clothes supplied to the inmates, it was men tioned that the doth was obtained from the Ballarat Woollen Mills. “And you couldn’t have better,” said several members in a breath. • Mr W. Gale, however, referring to the oontracts for supplying tbs in stitution with drapery and clothing re marked that on the last occasion tenders were called for 150 quilts in one line. The result was that the successful tenderer had to go through several establishments before he obtained sufficient to complete his contract. He thought they should oall for tenders for the supply of from 20 up to ths number re quired. In answer to a question, however, ths superintendent said no quilts were required on this ocoasion, and the suggestion was stored up for future guidance. The City watchhouse was viiited yesterday morning by an old man named John Page, who stated that he wished to give himself up to the police as he was without money and friendless. He was brought before the City Court yesterday, and there stated that he had been sent to Ballarat by some people at Dunolly in order that be might get medical treatment. He had applied to the Hospital but had been refused admittance. He was remanded for seven days for medical treatment. Mr Robert Don, who was seriously injured on Thursday last, in the Ontario mine, Der went Jiok», is making good progress towards recovery in the Hospital. A prosecution for assault under somewhat peculiar circumstances was dealt with at the City Court yesterday. The oomplainant was a youth nnmed Alfred Lawrence, and the defendant, who was 19 years old, was Michael Carroll. Mr T. M’Dermott appeared for tho complainant, and Mr E. P. Wynne for tho defendant. Tho complainant and two other witnesses gave evidence to the offect that they wero seated in a garden in front of a friend’s house in Ligar street, Soldiers Hill, on Now Year’s Day, when Carroll, without waiting to be invited, walked into the garden in a 000 l and collected manner. Lawrenao enquired of the visitor whether he was aware thathe was trespassing, and Agnew asked him whether ho was able to play draughts. Carroll replied that he could play. To his surprise, however, instoad of being asked to participate in a game he was told to “ make a move,” this direction referring not to a game of draughts, bnt as a hint for him to retire. Lawrence rose with tho in tention of leaving, and as Carroll was’stand ing in the'gateway he placed his hand on his shoulder in order to get past him, when Carroll struck him three times with a cricket bat which he had in bis hand. Ths last blow fell on Lawrence’s head and stunned him. Carroll then ran away. . Carroll, on the other hand, stated that he struck Lawrence in self defenoo, Lawrence having first struck him a blow behind the ear. The de fence was, in addition to that of provocation, that the aoau*ad was not responsible for his actions. He had sus tained injuries to his bead on three occa sions and’was subject to fits, having had no lasi than 21 between ths previous Wednesday and Friday; Evidence was given; that his behavior was all that oonld be desired daring the winter months, but that the warm weaiher appeared to have a deleterious effect oa him and render him unfit for work. Mr Johns remarked that the accused would have been severely punished bat for his lamentable affiiation, bat, nnder the oironmstances, the benoh imposed a lenient penalty, and fined him ss, with 27s costs. The fine was paid. Cr C. C. Shoppae, mayor of the City, in compliance wiih the request of several rate payers, has convened a public meeting to be held in the City Polioe Court on Friday, the 28th instant,', at 8 p.«„ for the pnrpose of considering the advisability of re-adjusting the wards. Wm. Goodall, 16 years old, of Doveton street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for tho severing of a tendon in one hand, caused by i-he bursting of a lemonade bottle. Rosetta M'Kenne, 20, of Creswick road, was attended to for an injury to her side, the result of a fall; and an infant named Ernest Lowe, whole parents live in Lai Lsl street, was treated for alight injuries, tha result of a fall from a perambulator. A charge of having set fire to a furze hedge in Ballarat North, and thereby damaged the property of Mr John Cochrane, was preferred against a middle-aged man named James Pollock, at the City Court Tha accused appeared somewhat ecoentric io his manner, and doubts were expressed by the police as to his Banity. Complaints had been made to the police that the accused was in the bibit of deliberately setting fire to grass in the vicinity of the New Ceme tery, and Mounted-Constable M’Oormick yesterday morning went to Ballarat North and arrested him. At- the request of the police he wa» remanded until Friday for medical examination. Mr Johns remarked that if the examination proved Pollook’i in sanity, the sooner he was looked after the batter, while, on the other hand, if he were found to be rational he hoped his fellow magis trates would deal very severely with him on Friday should the charge be sustained. The death is annonnoed of Mrs Edwards, wife of Mr J. Edwards, mining manager at present of 'Monnt Margaret, Western Aus tralia, at her residence in Drummond street south. Mra Edwards, who leaves a family of five young children, had b«en ailing for soma time past, and herd-a'h was not unexpected. Sympathy has been widely expressed with the family in their bereavement, the deceased lady having been highly respected for her amiabi lity and general good qualities. A novel way of overcoming a legal diffi culty was suggested by Mr T. Msodermott, who appeared at the City Court yesterday for the plaintiff in a civil case. The summons issned by the plaintiff was deficient of a Ie stamp, and on Mr Johns calling attention to the faot Mr Macdermottsaid —“If the shilling is quietly put on tha benoh the benoh oonld visw it with a blind eye.” This suggestion, however, elicited a severe rebake from Mr Johns, who imposed a fine of one peony, and ordered the extra stamp to be placed on the snmmons. Information was received yesterday to the effect that the Minister of Defence would re oeive a deputation in ref- renoe to the pro posal to hold the next military encampment in Ballarat;, te- morrow, at 12 o’clook. The Mayor of the City has issned invitations to all the members of Parliament for the district, including tha Chief Seoretary (Mr Peacock), urging them to attend, as the project ia of the utmost importance to the City and district, whioh is generally considered to be eminently suited for the purposes of an encampment. Those desirona of attending are requested to meet at the White Hart hotel at half-past 11 ■’cloak to-morrow morning. The Bdaaatinnal Congress, whioh has been litting at the Loretto Convent, Mary’s Mount,, since Tuesday last, was brought to a con clusion yesterday. During the week several lectures hare been given, dealing with such subjects as ths “Importance of Chris tian dootrine as an ednoational sub ject,” “School organisation,” “Discipline,”" “Methods of teaching.” The work of ascer taining what improvements could ba made in tha method of instruction, organisation, and of the ohoice of books and edneationat ap paratus from tha splendid collection displayed in a large hall, was aarried nut in a very thorough manner, bnt it wae found that very little alteration in the present system of education in Catholic schools could be made with" advantage. A shpp'ementary lecture was given y*st«rday evening by Mr D. J. Montague, G.F.S.C., on '* Voioe Production.”' To-night Mr D. Walker, B.Sc., will deliver a leotnre on “Chemistry.” Dr G. Cnissn will lecture on “Hygiene” to-morrow evening. Mr B. E. Johns, P.M., held a lioensing court yesterday, and granted a temporary license to Mr R. Chinnsry, of the Devon and Cornwall hotel, to condnot a publican's booth at the Miners’ races on Friday next. The balance-sheet snbmitted at the annnal meeting of the Stsiglitz branoh of the Amal gamated Miner*’ Association ’ on Saturday evening last showsd a credit balance of £6l’ 9s 7d. One fatal acoident ooonrred daring ths half year, while other accidents reduaed the funds by £49 16s Bd. It was dsoidsd'to celebrate the anniversary next month by a picnic and sports gathering, to be followed by a concert and ball, and a strong committee was appointed to oarry out arrangements. The officers were elected as follows, and duly in- Hailed: —Prsßident, Mr W. Wnolah; vice president, Mr P. Minogn*; secretary, Mr T. F. Q'bney; treasurer, Mr W. Shortte; auditor, Mr H. Cox; trustees, Messrs J. Cahir and J. Hoardman: oommittee, Meier* G. Timmi, C. Larkim, J. Bennett, J. Collins, H. Steeri. and B. Nye. It waa nnanimomiy agreed to open a enbioription list ia aid of the strike of •ngiussrs and others in England. Mr Gibney was elected delegate Jt« the annnal confer ence. Mr J. Murphy, manager for the Singer Manufacturing Company, reports that one of tha company’s sewing maohines has been stolon from one of Mr Batoh’i houses in Drummond street. The machine web leased 1 by the oconpant of the bouse, bnt it was dis covered that sha had removed and left the machine in the bonse. The machine had been stslsn either on Sunday or Monday after the occupant of the place had left. Ths matter has been pnt in the hands of the-polioe.. Tha danger of eating decayed frnit and drinking impure water has been instanoed by a case in Ballarat East. A child had been snffarirffc for weeks paat from some unknown cause, and yesterday was seized with a fit of vomiting, the result being ths emission of what is known as a “ catterpillar”" worm 12 inches in length and one-eighth of an inch in circumference. Microscopical examination showed that the worm contained hundreds of of its species in embryo. It is probable that a meeting will be oalled in ths city in the course of a few days to endeavor to raise funds for the relief of tba sufferers by the Gippalana bushfires. Several members of the general committee of the Benevolent Asylum are of opinion that there are some regular recipients of relief from that institution who might with advantage be strnok off the list. The president (Mr W. Coltman) holds this view, and recently sub mitted a report containing this clause: —“That all out-door recipients receiv ing relief by special orders be notified that no further help be given to them until they have appeared before the general oommittee, and its continuance after enquiry sanctioned by them.” Several committeemen looked upon this in the light of a reflection upon their judgment and fidelity to the interests of the institution. On the other hand, Messrs Cooke and Gala remarked that there were many uho had been first accorded relief by special order, and who had been on the books for years. Mr Oddie snggosted that the proposal be altered to read that after three months’ relief has been granted on special orders, recipients must coma before the committee. Messrs J. Phillips and Show mnn expressed a hope that the president would withdraw the reooramendntion, and Mr Coltman ultimately consented to that coarse, remarking that he hoped that the dis cussion which it had elicited would have the effsot he desired. An elderly man oharged with vogranoy, and another man —James Bollock —charged with setting fire to a fnrze hedge, both of whom ware remanded by the magistrates at the City Police Court yesterday, wore escorted to the gaol by Senior-Constable Fitzpatrick. Both men proceeded very quietly until the City hotel, just opposite the gaol, was reached, when Bollock suddenly made a bolt into the hotel. Fitzpatrick speedily followed, and, after a little game of bide and seek, onoe more seoured hia prisoner. A civilian who was passing osoorted the other man to the gaol, and the senior-constable dealt with the escapee. A struggle took plaoo in the centro of the road, when Fitzpatrick, not wishing to nse violence, secured the assist anon of the civilian referred to, nnd Bollock was handed over to the gaol authorities. The Benior-oonstnble has applied to his superior offioor for permission to ohnrgo the man with assanlt and also with ondoavoring to-escape from aastody. A claim for wages was brought in tho Citv Court yesterday againßt Messrs Thomas nDd William Little, proprietors of Little’6|Defiance mino, Whito Horse Ranges, by Wm. Sullivan, who sued for £-18, which ba alleged to bo dne an wages as mining manager. The defendants denied the debt. Mr M'Dermott appeared for Sullivan, and Mr T. Mann for the de fendants. Tha complainant Btated that he was engaged with a man named Hartley, in August last, to repair the shaft preparatory to work being recommenced. He was after wards engaged as mining manager, and upon a tribute party being formed tho defendants gave him £1 wherewith to join, so as to encou rage others to join. He denied that the tributors themselves had appointed him mining manager and that tho position was an honorary one, but stated that the defendant* had appointed him masager, and in proof of this produced a testimonial in writing from them He resigned hie position because he incurred the defendants' displeasure by refus ing to allow tribntora to work on a blook of rronad so close to the shaft as to endanger it. He had reoeired three payments of los each, and another of ss, and was paid £2 10s or Ss 4d per shift whilst repairing the shaft. The defendants stated that when the tribute party went to work in the mine they had, ac cording to the terms of their agreement, to appoint a mining manager for themselves, and they appointed Snllivan to the position. He was not employed by the defendants, who regarded his action as blackmailing. Several witnesses were called in corroboration. Ihe bench, after some deliberation, dismissed the oase. Entries for the Bnrrnmbeefc Tnrf Clab'a Foundation Day meeting closed last night, aad are very satisfactory, being more nnmerous than those of the same meeting last year. The fortnightly meeting of the City_ branch of the Australian Natives* Association^ wag held at the hall, in Camp street, last night, under the presidency of Mr F. Beaemerea. A letter was received from the secretary to the Catholic Tonng Men’s Society, inviting repre sentatives of the branch to meet them in a representative debate on the evening of Tues day the Utb of Jane. The matter was left in tbs hands of the committee. Four new members were aleoted, and nine nominations for_ mem bership received. Accounts amounting to J? 66 5s were passed for payment. It was decided, on the motion of Mr J. T. Walker, seconded bv Mr H. C. Curwen- Walker, to write to Mr J. W. Klrton, M.L.A., sympa thising with him in hie recent severe illness. At the concision of the general business Mr A. Phillips read a oarefnlly-prepared paper upon “The Evolution of Parliament.” The friends of Mias Greenwood, of Fern dale, Webster street, will regret to hear that she died at 1 o’clock yesterday morning, at Ascot. On Thursday last Miss Greenwood attended the funeral of her ahnt, Mrs Le3ter, who resided at Ascot, and on the name even ing was taken ill, and wae nnable to return to Bdlarat. She waa attended by Dr Salmon, who found that she was suffering from pleurisy and congestion of the lungs. She gradually wor e o, and all efforts to save her lifo proved fruitless. Yesterday’s business at tba _Town Police 'Coart was very ligbt. One debt case was disposed of, and collectors’ licenses war* granted to Lemuel Hudson and Frederick Southall. Messrs Josephs and Glenny, J’a.P., occupied the bench. Amongst the applioants for relief at the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum Committee last night wae a middle-aged man, who repre sented himself as unable to work, and his statement in this respect was borne ont by the Asylum medical officer. The applicant stated that two of hie eona were earning a few shil lings, and another one wae of an age to work: if he" could get anything to do. His wife endeavored to obtain employment, and some times snoceeded. They had no rent to pay, but could not make both ends meet, and he asked for an allowance of rations. A member of the committee said that the hnsband spent far too ranch of jiis own time and the others’" money in the public-honae, and as there was nsarly £1 a week coming in, there ware Boores of other families in a worse position who would scorn to ask for assistance. The appli cation was not entertained. Another appli cant,- who asked for admission, was an old man who was only able, with great difficulty, to . hobble along at ' a vary slow rate with the aid of two stiaks. He had formerly bean an inmate, but had to be evicted because of his bad conduct. He made some complaint about "not being supplied with clothing and boots when be left. The master explained that be applied for anew pair of boots when be was sent away, but they were refused. His oonduct in the Asylnra was bad, and bis language so filthy and outrageous that he was not fit to be amongst respectable people. This application waa likewise refused. Edward Hocking, nine years old, of Mount Pleasant, yesterday tried to harness a strange dog to a little" oarfc, and afterwards needed attention at the Hospital for severe bites upon the arm which was painfully lacaratsd. Daring 1897 no fewer than -45 of the students at the School of Mines—principally in • the assaying, obemistry, and metallurgy depart ments—obtained lucrative positions upon tha varions Australian goldfields. This week two more have left to fill appointments —Mr Hthwatt at ths Chalk’s Jnnotion mine and Mr Fleetwood at the Sonth Star Company’s oyanide works. A large number of new •tndents havs enrolled for the next term, which oommanoes on the Slat of January. The registrar antioipates that there will then be three times as many as there were two years ago. During the last quarter of 1897 80 aiiaying and 150' chemistry students were connected with the classes. The next race meeting of the Ballarat Miners’ Tnrf Club will be held on Friday, and judging by the large list of entries promises to provide a really good day’e sport. The fix tarsi to follow are—Friday, 25th February; Thursday, ITth March (St. Patriok’s Day); Monday, 11th April (Enter Monday); Tuei day, I4th May (Queen’i Birthday). The Mayor of the City (Cr Shoppee) has accepted the invitation of the Mayor of Mel bourne and ths President of the Legislative Council to be present at a banquet and theatre party given in honor of the visit of the Federal delegates, on Thursday and Saturday next re spectively. Since November last the Ballarat Art Gallery has been'opened daily nsarly an hoar earlier than nsual, and closed at half-past 5 in tbs evening, instead of 5 o’olock aa formerly. During the extra hour and a half, however, the attendaaoe has been anything but large. On Boxing Day there were 11 visitors be tween 10 and 11 o’clook in the morning and 5 and half-past 5 o'olook in the evening; on the following day there were seven; on the next day four, and on the- next none, : while since then there have been only an odd visitor or two daring those times. Sinoe ths holidays the visitors to the institution have numbered between 200 and 300 daily, bnt with the more general resumption of bnsinees a decline in tbs numbers is noticeable. Between half paet 3 and half-past 4 o’olook in the afternoon there it a greater attendance than during any other hoar of the day. The proposal that ths gallery should not be oloeed from 1 to 2' o’clock hae not yet been put in operation. Mr Smithwick, late head teacher of the Pleasant street school, will take obarge of ths Fitzroy school on Monday next, on the occa sion of ths opening of the State schools after the Christmas aad New YsarJvaoxtiuD. A grant of £loft recently received by the School of Mines from the Government ie being expended in erecting a number of new muffle and wind fnrnaoes in the assay rooms and adding to the sitting and desk accommodation in the chemical laboratory. Owing, however,, to the want of sufficient funds, the oonnoil are nnable to spend- more than comparatively small earns at a time, and the result is that to provide for immediate demands is the primary obj*ot, rather than the building of a well designnd set of buildings, which the present structure ie certainly not. The want of a oyanide plant is being sorely felt. Almost daily ths direotor is compelled to turn away people who desire treatment by this proooas for lots of 50 or 100-tons of tailings, and althoughthe Government have been approaobed on the matter nothing in this direction has as yet been done, notwithstanding that a much smaller institution at Ca-tlomaine has been equipped in this respeot by the department.. It is felt that with a oyanide plant, oentrally situated-, where- small samples of sand couldi be treated for the public, mining enterprise in connection with the working of tailings heaps would be greatly encouraged. The works oommittee of the Towni Council' yesterday instructed the Town inspector to reporb concerning a complaint by Mrs Ml Johnston of stagnant water in a racs in Ford) Ford street, near Kisg street. A. greater quantity of beer was manufac tured- for the Ballarat trade and disposed of here during 1597, than daring any similar term for-some years past. The beer duty paid into the Sub-treasury amounted to £19;217 0s Sd, as against £15,990 5s 6d in 1896; £19,002 7s 10d: in ISSS, £19.183 14s Idd- in 1594; and £17,752 2» Id in 1893. The duty paid on beer is 3d a gallon, exoepting for that mafle ouly from malt and hops, upon whiob it is 2d,, but only a nominal sum is received in duty-at the lower rate. The beer brewed locally and sold locally during 1897 would therefore amount to abont 1,500,000 gallons.. I Accounts for the following await payment :at the Sab-Treasury :—R. Clark. J. M. Murphy, R Taylor, TV M'Grath, Brookside Reformatory School. 0. T. Phillips, J, Birss. The fortnightly moating of the Benevolent Asylnm comraiUoe was hold last night. Pro sent—Mr W. Coltman (president), the Revs. Father Guilfoyle and T. R Cairns, tha Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C.j. and Messrs J'. T. Phillips, E. Morphy, M.L.A, Dimsey, Gale, Contts, Dunn, Lovitt, W. Soott, Showman, M’Leod, Cooke, Arober, M’Naught, Caroy, Edwards, J. Phillips, Josephs, Jas, Oldie, and C. C. Shoppee. The superintendent reported that tlinra were 333 inmates in tha Asylum, in cluding four females and one ohild in the maternity ward. Out.dnor relief waß afforded to 1053 persons, inolnding children. The exeoutive committee’s report, recom mending that tenders be called for drapery nnd olothing, was adopted. The president re ported that enquiries had been made by tho sub committee appointed for the purpose as to com plaints concerning tha weight of the olothes, bnt that it was recommanded that no altera tion be made, bub that the matter of color- be left with the matron, so that lighter tints be obtained dnring the summer months. _ A letter was received from the district superin tendent of tho Citizen’s Life Assurance Society, notifying that the bead office con sidered it outside the province of a life assurance society to anppors such ioaU i ' discontinue their sub fctiona, so they Donations totalling £54 ■rip l ' o ' l '“/“a end acknowledged, including r wa " r Shirs of Ballarat. A report from P 5 ,rOB A b nt mokiof suggestions for reforms fe ß president, m inJoor and ontdoor , dealing "‘"l° havio(t beon adopted, the oi^ 4C *, \--rSUd thing that when any I* 13 annlying f° r admieeion to the Benevo erS?r|Pnm “possessed of property, a will in ® tAS ? ihe nictitation mnst be executed efore tlio »pi waa admitted on pay |i"ltl"(T,o and on it being ascertained that ien l°i .ome£23 in the Sarings Bank ehe be had soin that sum m favor isd l * Asylum. At the end of six f ehe died, and a letter fyom her ]OD Ur« Hewitson, aeking that this money' isler! /;, her was dealt with at a meeting of * p “ d committee la*t night. The pre b« plained that when Mrs Tray was f-Med her sister would have been dml L feha declined, and had since been kept neighbors. Mr Cout.s considered, Trav had paid for her maintenance h 7 and it would be wrong to take nth ~ h e " ’ T| le Eev. T. E.. Cairns was he olhe .| “ nnhiion. Had ehe lived longer, l ' ' lD fi!mitteo would doubtless hare been keening it all. Mr Josephs men i™ ed ‘ mn . pr j and Mr Ham seconded, 'lffsum of £5 be given to: Mrs 'That the jj Dunn thought the uk o™ the money should be handsd over £ did rot want the Asylum to get a bad 1 Mrs Hewitson had nursed her si ß ter, not her advanced age, for years, and tfffi ber property He honored to keep out of the A-ylum. fer a little further diecnse.cn it was decided, „ tl s motion of Mr Carey, seconded by Mr Sii. that Mrs Hewitson be paid the whole f the money, at the rate of 5s per week. In ‘not! er csße, in which an old man was recom mended for Emission by the secretary of the vTnfSt Arnaud, the matter of arranging will in favor of the Asylum,'as the old bn owns a little freehold property was left ithehandß of the president and two vioo jreiidents. ; I » meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade was Lid M night at the Brigade Station, Barkly ireet for the purpose of picking teams to >ke part in the annual Fire Brigades’Demon (ration to be held in Maroh next. Captain frabar presided. The following learns yrer« Llected:—For the hose eights, ladder, and Y ionolinK events —Messrs J. Turner, J. Drecgev, W. J. Dark, J. Heil, J. Wh.te, 6 g,,rd and B. Cornish. For the sixes and larm and ru=b event—Messrs E. Lee, W. Robert" W. J. Thomas, H. Murphett,.J. rhomss! a. Mitchell. The representative four iill not ba chosen until the 7th of February, jjr J. Matßen, the newly-appointed assayer o the cyanide works at the Amalgamated i-otchmans Company’s mine, Stawell, left lallarst yesterday to assume thedutieß of the ippointment. In consequence of a complaint made to the ’ana Council by Mr J. Abr.ham that the mnke from the ice works, in Cnrtis street, msed a nuisance, the works committee yester ijinstrncted the Town inspector to report as o remsdjing the cause of complaint^ I The members of Sc. John’s Literary Union Ire reminded that Mr Wooßter will.deliver hi« jectnre on “ The Marvels of the Microsoope,” |n tbe schoolroom, Soldiers’ Hill, at 8 o'olook ibis evening. 1 Members of the workß committee of the Soirn Conneil yesterday inspected the new Ire-sing rooms at the Eastern Oval and passed Ibetn. Several of the councillors expresied ■hemselres as thoroughly satisfied at tbe linner in which the contractor had carried ■it bis work. 