bhe south ougthq antd | tornington ouinail. WD :-WDNsDAY, JAuAxl 19. Notes of the Week. The' Dandenong Council will meet on the 31st inst., and several tengers are announced in this issue. The people of Ferntree Gully are to be honored with a visit from the Federal Convention delegates, who will attend a piclnic there on 'February 15, The Min ister of Public Works has informed tl e local representative, Mr. John; Keys, M..A., to this effect. Mr. John Keys, M.L.A., has arraned that the deputation from the Ferntre Gully Park trustees shall wait upon the Minister of Public Works on the 27th inst. SA meeting of the committee of the Dandenong Agricultural Society was held on Monday afternoon to' further the arrangemenits for the show to be held next month. The usual business matters were dealt with, in regar to booths, &c.;, anid the appointment .of-,judgeis,.end a tender was accepted for alteration to dors in the building as required: by the Board of Health. The Mesirs. McLellan scored well at the Frankston Show on Thursday, when they carried off five 1st and two 2nd priaes. Mr. D. McLellan got frst for thoroughbred filly, buggy horse, entle. man's hack, 12.2 ponies (19 enries); and pulling home (19 entries). Mr.. Alex. Moeellan secured two second prizes for pulling horseand throughbred colt. Mrs. Kirkham got first prise for dairjonw, and Mr. W. Kirkham first for heifer and yearling bull (Ayrshire). The Circuit quarte?ly meeting of the Weleays OChurch was held in the Dande nong sghoolroom on the 5th inst. The Rev. G. R. lloyd occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance of r?,ienta tives. The financial atatement, also the various other reports were satisfactory. Memrs. W;. P. Rentree and W. Horner w~m rs-elected to the positions of denior and junior eresitstewards. Mr. RBenfree was esued lay representative to attend the a?ngal eonference whih, meets in sbe. the eat week in Marqh, _ ; The Carrum Irripgtion Trust invite ten dea in this issue. The audit of the books and accounts of the Shire of Dandenong' conom need this moining.." The hey. J. B. Ronald, o g is fathering a pebtitioni to secure `a?il?en tary testimonial to Mr.'F. Lonmm,,re. Mr. H. S. M. Ross attended the fort nightly meeting of the Dandenong Odld fellows' Lodge on Thursday, and treated the members to a untmber. of selections with'the grammniphone. "Hewas hiartily thanked for his kindness.. The beauties of: the" hills around' th Monbulk reservoir have been destroyed by a devastating fire, which swept over the locality: A lot offencing was con sumed. The voters' lists for the ,Legislative Council were called for revision at Dande a nong yesterday, but the reisiirar Mr. W H. A. Rodd, announced that there wer no alterations to be made. During the calamitous fires last wee Mrs. Brunt, of Officer, is reported to have suffered the loss of 1000 acres of grass, and Mr. James Lecky, of Cardinia Park, to a similar extent. Mrs. Brunt also lost sis oww, duo to their?ating 'amber cane. SThe OnGuessing Competition in connectin with the Dandenong Fire Brigade sports meeting resulted as follows:-1st prize, W.. Barnes (1372); 2nd prize, L. Jesson (1400). The number of peas contained in 1, the bottle was 1382, the winner thus getting very near the mark. Avillage settler nanied David Andrade, . together with his wife and four children, e'had a narrow escape from being burned alive on Wednesday, when their hut and toountbuildings in* the' Dandenong State Forest were destroyed by fire. Andrade has for the past four years had a retail store on a small scale. Everything was totally destroyed, and Andrade escaped without a change of clothing-indeed, r almost naked. From Mr. C. Tucker we have 'received a cyclists' road map, which is said to he the first complete map of the kind pro duced in Victoria, compiled:from see k tional parts published by the. Lands De n partment, and can therefore be.relied on as correct. It should be valable indeed to cyclists,. and at, the price (Is. 6d.) is ly likele to he lar-ely wviled of. Following is a return of the business transacted at the Daudenong.police court for the qu'artei ending December ?31, 1897 :- Summary Jurisdiction. - Cases heard: Drunk, 1; against public police and, good order, 1; other offences, 2; total cease heard, 4; convictions, 4. Civil ases:-- Number of cases, 8; aggregate Amount, £14 Os. id.; amount awarded, £11 0s. ld. Attendances of magistrates ; C. A. C. Creswell, P.M., 2; Col. Hut ton, ii; A. W. Pearson, 5; A. W. Rodd, 4; J. Rogers (by virtue of office), 4. We would draw attention to the a. nouncement of the fifth concert under the auspices of the Dandenong Choral Society which appears in this issue. The date fixed is Fridar, January 28, and only one price, viz., ls., -will be charged to all parts of the house. 'The first part of the programme will consist of solos and con. certed pieces by the following :- Mr Power, Mis Coffey, Messrs. Sutherlan¶i Barbur, O'Btien, Bradshaw and 0, Grif fin ; whilst Part II will be the productiwr of a cantata, "The Building of 4 Ship' an adaptation of Longfellow's poem. From the above it will be seen that1a first-class programme will be. provided, and we hope the Society will bq granted a full measure of patronage.-':. The petition of German residentsin Australia, which we publish in another column (reprinted from the " Sunday Times "), is trulya remarkable document, and its tone leads to the belief that. itfis instigated by the hare-brained Kaiser himself in order to further his pet sche?e to lead the naval world. Those concerned in it seem to forget that thes; are British colonies, and that the German or any other fleet will only he allowed to core into our ports as a, mnatter o. . curies- certainly not as a right to liook after the trade interests of any foreigners. Mr. Jobs Keys, as secretary of the Dandenong Water Trust, gut out of the difficulty over the bathing prosecution very successfully. laid the man Tucker, against whom the charge was laid (and withdrawn), applied for costs) he would have certainly been allowed a substantial sum, as he-had attended from Brighton ; but Mr. Keys prevailed upon him not to apply for costs, and not only this, but Tucker paid the. cost of the summtiis taken out against himself.- A little know ledge is said to be a dangerous thing, but very little would have been worth a trifle to Tucker. ".. ' The transfer of Father Daly to Flein ington, which we announced last week, is distinctly a step in the way of promotion, and although his loss will be severely felt in this and the surrounding districts, it is pleasing to learn of. his advancement. It is about seven years since Father Daly came to Dandenong, before the present church was erected, and it is in a great measure due to the rev. gentleman that si. Mary'p Ohuroh is such a pretty and substantial structure. His efforts to carry out the scheme were untiring, and were finally erowned with success. In all social matters Father Daly took an active part, and his loss in this connection will be felt not only by the members of his chre?"i hst by the community generally. Wears informed that the Korumburra andi ?eit Lett River portions of the parish are shortly to be aeicised and addedlt tha t Ogppsad di ppee,, tops are being taken to arrange ft I timonsal to Father Dahy. a ft A cheap excuraion train will ru, ed?? 25tlth' January trom. ...el, Cirsubourne and all station lel h ngathainclusive. Tickets cad (b ined at thee ,Central Btki it ,, 0 liders street, and at Pritne, . ation; up till 12 nooSn of.. i,Ya nd0 Suay The r, ciul troii Kill wIn riace' .bridge at 8.20 a .tn all Revision courts, to revise the rlb ryes' and generalll lieals. ill e h e 21st day-of Fetruary,1898 at-1 ., - foirth Crilnhomrne and TonW ioisii ofi the Electoral Disrct ornis?gt?si; anil at Ferntret Gull ansday, the 22tid day of Februar 9a.m., for the Scoresby Divsion oft lectoral District of Daudcnoand The. Inspector-General of Educ0ti says that in 'view of the fact that t Government. could not aflord to at £12,000 for the purpose, it was not o much.,to expect the hoards of advic organise anme entertainment or spo meeting, the proceeds of which could devoted towards the purchase of 61ten In some instances, what he sugesti h already been done. ' Boardgsf dr;a should, he thought, vie' with each uther ,securing such conveniences for pupih bh local effort. Entertainments for S c pt urposes would be bound to be patranised. There were maIy other li thingaisat might be doe i itheoeonc n to make pupils more' ccumrtnahle schdol more attractive. E, veni in Turkey they have n thieves. In Ramsey's a ew lbo? Turkey,. this story, is taold: "The i mngenious and clever case I heard al 5 happened to a Turk, who was brin, fine horse down to Smyrna to sel., I was told far up in the country that Circassians' were follnwing him to I, the hirse, but he declared that hetall d good "care that hle did not fear the d Every night he fettered the hore ? chains, and slept close beside it. S te days passed. On the night before rao le ing Siyrna the weather wash d;llv, til the Turk put his' thick coat over E. s horse's back. In the morning he ns and proceeded to take off the irons order to lead the horse to water. a-?. d, unfastened them the horse startedef headlong pace, the cost dropped of t disclosed a Circssaian underneath ita sd rapidly disappeared from sight." 