MELBOURNE GOSSIP. [FROM A LADY CORRESPONDENT.] St. Kilda, Victoria. Dour Lal,-Every day ono hears of now ways of wage-winning for women. Quito reecutly a girl acquaintance of mine went to England io take care of a younger brother, wlio is anxious to try Ids fortune in thc " Mig Smoke " as a designer of wall-papers and decorator of rooms. 1'ho young people took up their quarters in a Loudon flat, where " atten- dance " is provided, and lime soon began to hang heavy on thc active hands of the Aus- tralian girl, accustomed in her outlying bush home to make butter, jam, and bread for a household and manufacture clothing for a tribe elf younger brothers and sisters. lu her own neighbourhood she had long been famous as a maker af sweets, und her ability in this direction soon manifested itself to her many acquaintances in thc Australian colony in London. Il Beens that in thc old world thia branch of ioduslry is left almost exclu- sively to professionals, whose cates us a rule look better, but taste worse than those of amateurs. At all events, our heroine now occupies all her sparc time iu the manufac- ture of home-made sweets to order, and is daily enlarging her connection. Of course, she is quite ubuve thc average of tho ordinary amateur confectioner. Among lier che/ d'oeuvres in sugar, I remember realistic imi- tations of streaky bacon, new potatoes, green peas, and quaint little Punchinello heads moulded in chocolate. AU the scrapings of sugar, gelatine, almond, &c;, left over from a batch of sweets aro worked up into " roughs," so nothing is wasted. My friend's success proves tho wisdom of the advice, " Whatsoever thy hand tindeth to do, do it with thy might." In hot inland summers of the past, when other girls were complaining of the heat and dulucse, und envying luckier damsels who spent thc hot season in Sydney or Melbourne, this born cook was gathering culinary experience and local renown by successful experiments in tomato-chutney, melon-ginger, home-made caudy-peel, crystallised cumquute, and such like. Thrilling chronicles of bushfire horrors make sensational literature for renders at a safe distance. There was thc cremated corpse at Thorpdale, for instance, and the poor little baby at Neerim, which was planted up to ita fat neck in* moist earth and watered all day Uko a flower by a sentinel brother, while dad and mums beat the flames back from thc cottage. With thc danger over and the furuace blast gone by, babs was dug up again, damp and smiling, to bc further moist cued by the thankful tear« of his hysterical donc-browu relatives. Then there was the plucky Neerim mother, who in her husband's absence, fought the (lames all day until her children seemed to be literally toasting where they stood. Tl)cn i she gathered the crying bairns in her arms, and decided to drown herself with them in the well so as to sparc them the agony of roasting alive. Fortunately the wind changed in the nick of time, and the "pretty chickens and their dam " were saved after all. Wilson Barrett as " The Mauxnian " bas taken Melbourne audiences by storm, aud mauy, who disappointed in " Claudian," came to scoff, remained to weep. The story is heartrending and engrossing, and after seeing it acted by Barrett, the mind keeps ever recurring to the cruel wrongs of poor duped heroic " Pete," the Manxman. Miss Jeffries, the leading lady of the Wilsou Barrett Company, is a beautiful American girl, and is an cxamplo of thc all-round clever- ness of many clever people. She ¡B not only au excellent actress, but rides, shoots, aud does all kinds of things "well. She always had dramatic talent, aud when only a small child her father used to wake her up and carry her out of bcd to recite to visitors. Melbourne is gay with things conventional at present, and we women are regretting more than ever that wc have not votes and cannot get dui selves made into members of Parlia- ment. Thc splendid time those mere men do have is enough to make one die of cuvy. We never realised our wrongs so keenly as when we were shown over thc magnificent rooms com- prising thc Melbourne Houses of Parliament one roasting day lately. How cool and re- freshing to tread those mosaic floors, or siuk into the spacious chairs and dose, shut out from tho glare of the streets. Aa inviting rcpaBt was being Bpread, and in the splendid librury we found all the latest books and newest novel«. We looked from a window down into a green garden and tennis court, where tho fortunate habitues may disport themselves. As wo thought of it all, we almost became disciples of "Sister Siede's Society for the Extermination of Male Ver- min" on the spot, and felt inclined to begin hostilities by " going for " that hoary-hcaded bachelor, Duncan Gillies, whom we carno upon scated ia a large room all by himself, enjoying thc coolness. I am, &c;, VERA. 27th January, 1898. 