INTERCOLONIAL. • VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Fritl.iv. ThBJttilivay.iJflrningsJprJast month toiallod Jt5,7(J3-ooii)- - pared with December, 1890. • \------ _ MELBOURNErSunday. Tlio subscriptions for tho Bush-fires Relief Fund nowTvmountto-£5,200. Tlie Amalgamated Millers' Association of Victoria propose to take stejisto bring all the mills into their Union, and have issued notico-as-follows:—''The Employers'. Union do hereby intimate that their resolution to get the working classes in the metropolitan and mining districts of tho colony to strike against patronising bakers and storekeepers using-or selling-flour manufactured by non union labour, and~to enfore the wiion- aystuni in all flourmills, will be strictly carried out from thoJ5th.prox>" MELBOURNE, Monday. MrsT-Gamerouj-who^vas-shot bydier husband miEriday-night, is still in n critical state at —tho-hospitalj-but-it-is dbought-thatJsbcmiay recover. At theinquestdo-day on (Jameron's body a verdict of suicide while of unsound mind was returned. The Railways Commissioner intends to tost tho signalmen, engine-drivers, and others holding responsible "positions lii tlio railway service for colour blindness. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Sir William Maegregor, Lady Macgregor, and Sir Hugh Nelson lunched at Government H cuse to-day with Lord and Lady Brassey. Sir William met tlreUremicrs in conference last night, when the relation of tho Australian Governments to Now Guinea was discussed, and decisions wero arrived at which have not yet boon divulged. Sir W. Macgregor pro coeds, to England shortly, and he is commis sioned to bring the views of tho Australian J'romiors under "the notice of the Imperial Government. At Harrow on Monday evening two sons nf Mr. Bernard Clarko, of Clictwynd, wero sotting rabbit-traps, when one of them was hitten by a snake. The lad died to- day. At tlio winding-up meeting of the Mount Lyoll Minerals Company hold to-day £50 was donated to the_Lyo.I_l Bush Firos_ Relief Eund. At the City Court to-day three men,_ Abraham Nixon, Anthony- Currio, and Thomas Mason, wore committed for trial on a charge of attempting to corruptly influence a .1 ury. Captain W. G. Vincent, master of tho Bteamer \VulIowra, has been appointed captain of the stcaincr Innaniincka, via- Captain Anthon. 