Public Baths. In a country like Australia, with its hot and long summer, public baths are more of a necessity for the public health than in cooler climes, albeit they are beneficial in every clime. Cleanliness, it is said, is next to godliness, though a doubt some times is forced on one's miud as to the truth of the aphorism by professedly re ligions people neglecting their duty in this respect; but if the aphorism is in tended to apply to that which ministers to individual health, comfort, and content ment which the habit of cleanliness fost ers them we can understand why it blesses the orthodox and unorthodox godly alike. There can be no doubt of the value of public baths, and we think every township in Australia should aspire tc have them. We have no public baths in Narracoorte; but that is not to say there are no places for bathing, though somewhat primitive. We have iu Har racoorte what more than many places in Australia have not, a creek or rivulet, and though it is cot a stream for the major portion of the year, still there are some fine deep water-holes scattered here and there in its channel within easy distance of the town where those1 who have learned the accomplish- . ment of natation love to while! away a half an hour early iu the morn or I at eventide after a hot day's toil. Some | might say on hearing this that public I baths are not required iu Narracoorte. ] This is just the key to the situation, and why we are about advocating that some steps should be taken to see if we cannot obtain the luxury, of public baths with a sanitary aspect in yievy and at the same time provide recreation for theyoimg in ex perimenting iu the science of natation- It is outof the question to askour District Coun cil to provide public baths, though District Councils waste money upon works of much less value to the general community; but wo think that at a very little cost suitable bathing places for all classes could be obtained in the creek iu summer time. There is a good deal of danger .attached to bathing in deep water-holes, especially among the young, who in their want of judgment are fearless, aud parents cannot well control them ; indeed, under ordinary circumstances it is well to en courage the boys to become fond of the water; but its great charm is in being able to swim. There are many drawbacks to indiscriminate bathing, which it is not necessary to enlarge upon, and the boys through not having the neces sary appurtenances for dressing, etc., and not being under cuutrol easily contract colds and lay the founda tion for bodily ailments. Then, again, provision could be made for ladies. Baths, we feel convinced, could be easily established along the banks of the creek at no great cost; and such a project is well worthy the attention of the towns people, who could make their wishes known to the District Council. As mat ters now s and people swim their dogo in the waterholes in tbe.cieek used as bath ing resorts and even cattle occasionally take it into their heads to cool their hides in them. No place is- more favorably situated for establishing bath3 as Narra coorte at a small cost, and we commend onr suggestion to the serious consider ation of the townspeople. Cricket.—A cricket match was played on the Local oval on Wednesday between I the Narracoorte Alberts and a team repre senting Hynam and Yalla Creek, which resulted in an easy victory for the Narra coorte team. The Alberts batted first and put up 88, l-outit being top scorer with 54. The country eleven scored 29 in their first. innings and 55 for four wickets in their second essay. ' Eainfai.l for JAN0ARY.—The month just ended has been the driest Janu ary we have had for 13 years at the least. The rainfall recorded at the Narra coort Telegraph .Office during last month was 30 points, against 475points registered for the corresponding month of the previous year. The wettest January we have had during the last 13 years was in 1896 when 2"055 inches of rain were regis tered, and the next driest January to the one just ended was in 1893, when 335 points were registered. The average rain fall in Narracoorte for the month of January during the last 13 years was 1*028 inch. The following are the rain records for January since 1880 in inches 1886,1*510; 1887,0*975;* 1888, 0*462-1889, 1*895; 1890,1*000; 1891,0*655; 1892,0.490; 1893.0*335; 1894,1*990 ; 1895, 1*500 ; 1896, 2*055; 1897, 0*475 : 1898, 0*030. From the beginning of this year the Government, have adopted the same system of calculat ing the rainfall as is in vogue in the other colonies, and instead of reckoning 1,000 points to the inch, 100 points is;now equal to the inch, so that under the: new system-, of calculation we really have only had three points of rain during the past month. - - . - Basil Fires,in Victoria;—Bush'fires are reported "from all parts of "Victoria. The WesteruOistrict has been attacked and .much damage has been done, and scores of settlers and families, have been rendered homeless. At Droniana fierce fires are burning. Thirteen bullocks and 1,000 sheep have been roasted to death. At North Devon a settler's house caught alight and fce had jnst time to rush in and drag his sick wife out through the flames. The whole of the.property was consumed.. At vValhalla the coaches rau the risk of being set on fire by burning trees. A quantity., of luggage caught ou fire, aud had all to be taken out of the coach to save the vehicle. : Bazaar In Aid of Show Ground Fcnd.—The committee of the Narracoorte P. and A. Society are; anxious To make further improvements to their convenient-:; ly fitted up and enclosed ground, but before any steps can be taken; in tjiis direction,the overdraft, which amounts to about £140, must be reduced considerably. With the object of reducing the overdraft and making further improvements to the ground they are couvening a meeting ef ladies for Tnesday afternoon next at the Institute, at 3 o'clock, to make arrange ments for the holding of a bazaar to -raise sufficient money for the object in view. It is to be hoped that the ladies of the town and district will enter heartily into the movement, and that there will be a good meeting on Tuesday afternoon. Among improvements badly needed:on the ground arc a grand stand and. a cycling track. Other towns in the South-East of ■ less importance than Narracoorte have their grand-stands on the show grounds,, arid we should not be behind the timss in having the arrangements for the conveni ence of visitors on our ground as complete as possible. We hope therefore to sea ra large and representative meeting of the ladies on Tuesday afternoon. I The Heat Wave—The intense- teat " which we have been experiencing;-.during the week' is almost-too .great for diving mortals to enSure, and the forecasts of the Government Astronomer posted twtside the Post Office daily; giving us no hope of an immediate_chaiuge, have been read with much disappointment.-: Tuesday was the' hottest day we - have had during the present heat wave, and inside some of the houses the thermometer'went up to 108° and 109°. Wednesday was, slightly cooler, but the atmosphere was oppressive,' and during the night it was very warm and uncomfortable. The atmosphere has not been so heavily charged with smbke and haze as it was during the earlier part I of the week, but there is still smoke from ] surrounding bush-fires hanging over the township. Yesterday the sun was shaded part of the day with clouds and this helped to reduce the temperature some what, but it was very muggy. The fore cast issued by the Government Astronomer on Wednesday afternoon was continued heat with no indications of an immediate change. Sir Charles Todd stated in his weather report, however, that there was a monsoonal disturbance over the Western Anstralian goldfields, which would pro bably reach here on Friday. This is not the first hot wave; that has .been ex perienced in the month of February, for last year we had a week of very hot weather early in February, although the thermometer did not then register the un usually high readings that have been recorded during the present heat wave. The Government Astronomer's forecast for tbe twenty-four hours ending this evening, as telegraphed yesterday, was:— " Still intense heat, but a cool change set ting in from the West later. Thunder storms to tbe north in connection with the monsoonal depression now over Central Australia." The Mail Services.—The following tenders for the conveyance of mails for three years, commencing on April ], 1898, have been accepted by the Government, the amount given being the payment per annum Border Town and Mundalla, EL J. Gooding, sen., £33; Mundalla and Kougal, Edwin Alfred Martlew, £50; Hynam and Apsley (Victoria), Allan McLean, £49 10s; Narracoorte and Padthaway, J. P. Spry, £46 10s ; Struan and Joanna, Enphemia Mason, £14; Struan and Bool Lagoon, Albert John Mudge, £15 ; Lueindale and Conmurra. Charles Haggett, £30; Kingston and Robe, Thomas Bridgland, £165; Kingston and " Cantara, Jamps Martin, £40; Kalangadoo and Tarpeena, Elizabeth Mc Egan, L17; Millicent andFurner, William Noolan, £25: Mount Gambier and Yahl Paddoct, J. G. Scott,£20; Mount Gambier and Port MacDonnell, Georne Byass, £49 10s; Allandale East and Wye, William Shanks, L12; Border Town post-office and railwayfstatiqn, tjohn Thomas, £56 ; jfonnt Gambier ppsLoffibe 'and' railway station, j. O. Scott, £20, Narracoqrte post-office and railway-station, Mark Read, £4; Penola post-offieq and rffilvyayr station, no tender; Millicent post-office and railway-station, Arthur McCourt, £19 17s; Robe and Woodlegh, J. W. Davison, £18; Milaqg and Meningie. John Ritchie, £200 ; Meningie and Ashville, O. Tiller, £20; Tailem Bend and East Wellington, F. G. Mason, £20. Cycling. — Since the opening of the Cycle Depot here cycling has taken a great hold on the residents of Narracoorte, and during the evening young girls, young ! men, married ladies and men well advanced in years may be seeu by the casual stroller in some quiet paft of the town trying to learn to master the wheel. The Sandstone Quarry road is a favorite resort for practis ing the art of cycling, and quite a number of-"bikes" with instructors and their" pupils may often be seen along that way of a night. Several ladies have succeeded in learning " biking," and some of them promise to become quite experts at the pastime. Cyclists will have to be careful in complying with the regulations of the new by-laws which will come into force immediately. At Mr. Dening's cycle depot a brisk business is done in the hir ing of machines, and the genial proprietor is quite satisfied with the amount of [ trade he has done so far. Now that the Cycling Club has been resuscitated a fresh j impetus will be given to the pastime. Generously Rewarded, But He Fell in.—A very good story is now coing the rounds. A short time ago a well known business man of this town sold out aud some days afterwards took his depar ture for the metropolis, with the intention, it is said, of sailing for the West. He bade : Ins friends good-bye, and ajthough lie had not paid everyone their dues he assured his most important creditors that all their demands would be met. The creditors waited patieDtly day after day for the coin, but there was no sign of the "yellow boys" showing up. The morning this worthy resident departed he said good-bye. to a creditor whom he was due a rather heavy bill, and set his anxiety at rest by informing his trusty friend that a well-known solicitor in the town would make his demands right. "Very good," exclaimed the creditor, and both parted with a very-hearty-shake of hands and an exchange of good' wishes. Another well known business man finding that the worthy citizen had also departed without paying bis little bill resolved to take out a warrant for the apprehension of the debtor. This document was duly executed, but as it could not be sent on till the following day, No. 2 business man hit on the lucky idea of sending a wire to a well-known popular " commercial" whom he knew was on the same train, telling him that a warrant had been issued for the departing citizen, and asking him to do what be could in. the matter. The telegram was duly received by "the man of the road," and at one of the statibns. "en route" he entered the carri age in which was seated the largely pro portioned form of the late resident of Narracoorte. At.? the. same time a police man with a prisoner in charge entered the same carriage, and the "big man" looked' surprised towards, the .iman in blue. The "c'ommerciaT' prbmptly produced the tele gram anddemanded payment of the money. The " fat man's" conscience evidently con demned him, and with an officer, of the peace* in r.clo"se quarters he must- have be come scared, for in a few minutes he produced twenty lovely "yellow boys," and taking off bis gold watch and chain he handed the* lot to the' " commercial" to his agreeable surprise. An order for a further sum of money was given on a bank in Adelaide, and the " commercial" must-have.ch'uckled to himself- at having done remarkably-well'thus far. Since then the genial traveller has in his usual course of -business - been in Narracoorte again, and one day this week he handed over the;-spoiL to the lucky merchant in the town. Having^''received: the money the merchant generously placed, a live pound-note on the counter and asked the " man of tbe road" to accept it for the trouble he had taken in tbe matter. The genial traveller thinking thatthe merchant had only put down a one-pound-note wbich was not worth taking. re plied i;Oh no Mr. ; it is just a matter of business. I was quite compen sated in recovering" the money for you." The whole-hearted merchant withdrawing the "fiver" placed two single notes on the counter and retorted, " Well Mr. , if you fron't take what I offered you, you will take two pounds to buy Mrs. new dress." T-he " Commercial," thinking that the merchant had acted more gener ously in substituting two notes for a single one, accepted the gift, bat—he fell in. Marriage in the West.—The Bridge town (W.AO correspondent to the "Bun bury Herald" of Tuesday", Jauuary 4, furnishes the following account of the marriage in Western Australia of Mr. T. Smith, son of Mr. H. Smith, of Narracoorte —",A very pretty wedding took place here on Wednesday, December 29, the contract ing parties being Mr. Thomas Smith, youngest son of Henry Smith, Esq., Goldeti Grove Farm, Narracoorte, S.A., to IVIiss Rachel Smithj eldest daughter of Mr. Joseph Smith, storekeeper of this town. The bride, whovwas attired in cream silk lustre, veil and wreath of orange blossoms, looked very nice and carried a splendid bouquet, the gift of her sister. Miss E. "Smith. "The., bridesmaid, Miss E, Smith, who was dressed in pink nun's veiling with hat to match, looked very pretty. The bride-was given away: by her "father, and Mr." A. Smith was "best man." The cere monev took place at the Government school, which was very tastefully decorated, and was .performed by .the Rev. John Brand. After the. marriage ceremony the bridal party drove to the new residence of the bride's parents (Belvidere house) where a sumptuous breakfast'was laid, between 80 apd 90 friends being present. After doing ample justice to the good things, Dr. Dickenson in a very nice speech proposed the bride's health, Mr. T. Smith respond ing. Mr. R. C. Williams proposed the health of the bride's parents, and Mr. J. Smith responded. Mr. J. W. Bleebynden proposed the health of the bridesmaid and Mr. T. Robinson responded. After the breakfast the happy couple drove off amidst shows of rice and slippers, carrying tho good wishes of all Bridgetown people, to the bride's future home, Narinup Farm, which is situated about five miles from Bridgetown on the Blackford River. The bride's travelling dress was a navy blue cashmere trimmed with white silk, aud bat to mateh, which looked very pretty. Too much praise cannot be given ; to the aunt of the bride, Mrs. F. Woods, for the artistic mauuer she made the weddiiig cake. It was a work of art and finish, being three tiers high, which on ■the centre of the table looked very beauti-1 f nl and as good as it looked. The pt esents to the bride are too numerous to mention, some being very costly. In the evening a dance was given by the bridegroom in the -mechanics' institute, which was very taste fully decorated, the tables bending with all the delicacies of the season, about 80 couples taking the floor. Dancing was kept up with great spirit till an early hour." The. Adelaide Hospital " Going to the Devil."—" Hugh Kalyptus" remarks iti the "Adelaide Observer"—A bush friend of mine says they were testing blackfellow on his ideas of reward and punishment, and asked him, "Ja'cky- Jacky, where you eo to if yon are good, when dead fellow ?" "Oh, up there 'longaGod," was the prompt response. " Well, that's all right, but where you go to when you are bad'?" Oh, 'longa Hospital, I s'pose," was the equally quick reply. That darkie had evidently been reading of the Hos pital trouble. Finding Gold.—Mr. E. H. Derrington is well known to old South-Easterners, and not long ago he gave an interesting leeture in Harracoorte on scientific phenomena. Amoug other things he illustrated a kind of mesmeric power he possessed of discovering where gold and water would be found in the bowels of the earth'by means of the divining'rod. Mr. Derrington has written to the Com-: npssiotier of Orqwn Eands statiqg that he is aware of the locality qf several reefs in the Echunga district, and has offered to point them out. It is stated that he has found the parent reef, and therefore there is promise »f highly important develop ments iu gold-mining in the Echunga District. 1 The Crops in Lochabeh.—The bar vest in the Hundred of Lochaber and that portion of the hundred of Hynam which borders Lochaber has given very good results. The area of land reaped for wheat was 1,600 acres, and the estimate of the average yield per acre is 14 bushels. About 200 acres of crop sown for wheat was cut for hay, and the total area cut for hay including wheat, oats and other crops, was 500 acres, which gave a return of about a ton and a quarter to the acre. The harvest returns would have been much better if rain had fallen duriug November, and it is estimated that the drought during that month damaged from three to four bushels of wheat per acre. The most favoured sorts of wheat sown were Dart's Imperial, Purple Straw, and White Tuscan. The Adelaide Press and the Hos pital.—The Adelaide Hospital seems to afford the Adelaide Press a good deal of interest one way and the other which is served up to its readers in the sniciest manner. Under the beading of " Was it a grim burlesque ?" the " Register" of Monday last records a Parliamentary vic-'t to the Hospital. The visit took place on Saturday afternoon, and about lunch ti that day Mr. Mayor Tucker, "wr Chairman of the Board, rung u " Register" office to ask them to sec r reporter along to hear the praises bestow ed upon the hospital by the Parlia mentary visitors. We do not know ihat members of Parliament are-an authority upon any matters more than others- people except it be that of small cunning, bluff, arid trimming; but nevertheless Mr. Tucker thought that some South Aus tralian members of Parliament knew something about hospitals. Mr. Tuckers' party consisted of Messrs. McGregor, Adams, Hourigan, Hutchison, Archibald. McGillivray, and Carpenter. Of course' the Hospital was fouud iu first-class order_ —for did not Mr. Tucker invite them for | that very purpose, and they would hot be so meaa as to " turn tail" on bim. Drs. Napier and Ramsay Smith were the best doctors in the world, Miss Graham the best Superintendent of Nurses, and the junior medical staff the best in the colonies since Dr. Russell left. Mr. Tucker —well, he is the man of the people—the just man who rules over bis own house hold as an example of the virtues. Messrs. McGregor & Co. could not but express de light with the Institution, even if in their innermost souls they thought otherwise. The " Register" insinuates that it intend ed to send a reporter to accompany the Parliamentary visitors to listen to an ex pression of their sweet nothiugis, but they all were having their Saturday after no®n off except the boy. , Auction Sales.—Mr. A; J. Plate, in conjunction with Mr. E. Kail' will hold an important sale of-land, stock, farm imple ments, etc., at Dingley Dell. Robe, next Thursday. The sale will commence at one o'clock. On Friday next, the 11th iust., Mr. L. DcGaris will submit a quantity of superior household furniture, stock, etc., to public auction at Narra coorte. Deaths of Four old Portland Identities.—Four old Victorian colonists have passed away at Portland last week, namely, Mrs. M'Leod, 81 years; Mrs" Gracious Bailey, 77 years ; Mr." Alexander M'Donald, 86 years, and Mr. William Uor ney, J.P., 83 years. The latter landed at Portland in 1840, and engaged in pastoral pursuits for 14 years at Wando Station. Uoleraine. Since June 1855'he has lived in Portland. A list of the Racing Clubs in the colony who have beeu licensed under •' The Gam ing Further Suppression Act, 1897, " appears in the last " Government Gazette." The South-Eastern clnbs that have been licensed and the dates of their meetings are Mt. Gambier Bunt Club, October 5 ; Mount Gambier Racing Club, March 9 and July 20 and 21; Narracoorte Racing Club, March 16. 