'! Fiat juatitia ruat calumn." THE FRIDAY, NOVIY1B LIt 25, 1898. TOPICS OF THE WEEK, MATrnJIONY.-A very pleasing cere. mony took place in Morwell on \Vednes. day last, at the residence of the bride's parents. when Miss Cochrane, eldest daughter of Mr. Charles Cochrane, of Morwell, and Mr. James Alexanler, third eldest son of Mr. It. Alexander, of Morwell, were united in the lhal bonds of wedlock by the Rev. A. McDonald. Miss Le Bttt acted as bridesmaid and Mr. Geo. Bolding as groomsman. After the ceremony a number of guests.sat dolen to a sump. tuous wedding breakfast, the usual toasts being proposed and honored. The newly-wedded couple, whlo received a number of handsome presents, left by the evening train for the metropolis. LwscTco?es,-The complete returns of the recent Gippsland Province Election," are now to hand, the aggregate totals being:-Hoddinott, 1656; Brennan, 1175 ; majority for IIoddinot 418. The contest was fought in a most up. right and honorable manner, and ir. Brennan has taken his defeat like a gentleman, and no donbt had his op ponent not been such a popular man as Mr. Jos. Hloddinott, he would have been successfnl, which he probably will be on the next occassion he offers him self. Mr. HIoddinott should feel proud of securing such a large majority, and we have no doubt that the confidence reposed in him by the electors will not be misplaced. Atall the local polling booths Mr. Hoddinott topped the poll, and at the local booth he received 55 to :, 25, A number of electors were, howv over disappointed in consequence of their names not being on the roll, when they were fully qualified and entitled to same. In future it would be well if all electors would make the necessary enquiries and attend the Revisison Court in order to see that their names are placed on the rolls (provided they are entitled to a vote.) W~aTuE.,--This time last year the weather v-as hot, dry and sultry, and nearly all verdure was dried up and "ripening" for the bush-fires,. but, for tunately, the season this year is changed and judging by the weather, we are still "enjoying" winter. During the week nearly three inches of rain have fallen;, and will, no doubt, do a deal of good, but, unfortunately, a -number of local farmers have commenced barvest ing, and have a'considerable amount of crop cut which will probubly be much damaged if tire rain continues. A.NA.-The quarterly meeting of the local branch was. held on. Tuesday owening last. Mr. G.V Watson in the chair. The following office-bearers were elected for the ensuing half-year :_ President, MIr. J. Moro; .Vico-presi dent, Mr. J. Lowe ; Secretary, Mr. J. Sullivan ; Treasurer, ?I. B. Samuel; Committee, MessrssD. McDonald, Jno. Crough, Jas~i?'Bryden, Jas, Hlamilton and II. HIowlett`; Auditors, Messrs J, B. IBoyle- and W. Noy. Messrs. T. Gleeson and A. E. Wil liams were proposed to become full benefit memsbers of tleo:branch. M.U.IO.O.F.-At tlhe fortnightly meeting of tihe local branch held oni Fri day evening last, a letter was read stating "hat Mr. G. D. Thomas, P.O.S., died on the 8th inst., and it was resolved that a letter of condolence, signed by the lodge officers, he forwarded to the family of deceased. Messrs. E. T. O. Francis and P. Jarvie were duly elected full benefit members of the branch, whilst Mr. C. Quirk was elected an honorary member. Tihe following gentle men were proposed to become full benefit members :-Messrs. S. Francis, G. McFarlane, G. Holloway, G. Maxwell, W. Maxwell, and P. Larkin. SAls.--We beg to draw special at. tention to a clearing sale to be con ducted by Messrs A. McLean and Co. on Thursday, 8th December, when they will sellon'account of Mi. Hoblri, the whole of his'cattle, horses; etc.. " THEa DIGNITr'OF THE COURT. Mr Smallman, P.M., believes in up holding the dignity of the law, and the unluc.ky person who deviates from the path of strict decorum is promptly brought to the right- about. The aver age man from "out back" has but a vague idea of the sanctity of the court house, and with him evil- is wrought from want of thought more than from want of heart. Last Tuesday at the Leorigatha court the magisterial ire of Mr Smallman was (says the " Star") aroused at the sight of an unsophisti cated "cockie" ambling out'of the court on tip-toe with a hat pulled so far on his head that his ears struck out with ludicrous prominence. The Bench be held, and frowned ; and what was in that frown ? They held their very breaths who saw the anger and amaze depicted on their Worships' coun tenances. But it wasn't a very pene trating gaze ; at least it had no visible effect on the broad back of the offender, as he swayed with uncertain movement in the process of tip-toeing. Then the door was reached, and with a sigh of relief he gave his hat another tug, and plumped one foot down alter the other in a manner that showed he was more used to plodding through a bog than balancing his avoirdupois on the points of hob-nailed boots. The P.M. called out a rebuke, but the man was out of hearing, but the remaining spectators in the hall got the benefit of a lecture. They were reminded that in a court of law they were to observe the utmost respect in the most minute details of demeanour. "In fact," said the P.M. "a person has no more right to put his hat on in the court than he has in a church." Mi?FAN PEOPLE.-How to make the patient who can pay a paying patient is the problem that is troubling the Mel bourne Hospital comnmittee most (says "Atticus" in the Leader.) Of course the institution is imposed upon, and many people are treated for nothing who are well able to give some return for the benefits they receive; but charity uncovers a multitude of sins, and the worst is that of meanness. A city shopkeeper some time back had his curiosity aroused by the actions of. his landlord-a welltodo, but extremely '" near," individual. The old man used to drive up to a corner of the street, and, leaving his -rap in his wife's care, walk off, returning i.s about an hour. The tradesman's curiosity was excited alter a few weeks, and he took the trouble to investigate, and found that the shabby man of means, with a stake in the country and five votes, was being trea:ed as an out-patient at the hospital. There is a story, too, of a fairly well-to do man, who was injured in a cab accident, and carried to the hospital, where he remained. After he was able to move about he was compelled to use a crutch, and procured a plain wooden article. When he had quite recovered, feeling called upon to do something for an institution that had done so much to him; he opened his heart, and made the hospital a present of his old crutch. R1TURvED,-The many friends of cI Ai r Chas. Darey will be pleased to hear cu of his safe return to tMorwell after his tic tripto the old country. Charlie looks be well and next week we will give somer of his experience and impressions gained cc during his trip. ti SOCIAL,- On VWednesday evening lii next, a social ia connection with thie J Presbyterian church will be held in the di NTortlh Hazelwood Mechanics' Institute. The people of the district arewel-known re for their genaiality and a good time is se expected. A first- class prograumme has t been arranged, and there will be suUp tnuoos refreshments, &c.;, &c.; The - weather is sure to be fine and as it will be aoonliglht there should he a .very It 1 large attendance. oi .The unfortunate man Alfred Archer was to executed on Monday mrorning. lie walked bi lirclcy to ths scatf'oll, aeciompanied Iby thie t liv. It. Elliott.. Goald so lovedl Alfred ri Archer," said the clergyman. "that lle si gave His on'y begotten Son thalt thlrough ni ct Alfred Archer Mllight be. saved." hi Deiath was instantaneous. It has now Ii transpired tih it Archer confessed a fortnight (t ago. In response to the usual question as to whether ie had anything to say, Archer, iln c a firm and unbroken tone of voice. replial t o "I wish to thank onue nd all the olfficials here b anil caty CGod bless them and keeop thbuee a for th1i liuavenly Kingdom in whic;h I i a now prepared to meet aoy God." These who are not cotile.l to lie on thIe 1 ratepayera' roll, acid Iitvc t iti uic5ssa,O r tl qualilict ation, can take out tin selecors it right up to the lit prox. (inolisiv), and it thus have their names pltaed on the roll ftor i the LegisletiveAssembly. Each applicant shoeli provide himself witlh a il statmp al for :aycment for thie right. Foreigners ti who desire to ottain electors' rightls Inost. J if iot alreuady ntt raliid in V\icr.o:it,obtain letters of n.ttolr.istion i efore doing s; ant sucil forcignerse if they desire enorol- t mueat as rtlepalyiln leltors Ineast obtain ti !e:l.rs of n:tulr?i?:ijtion before the situtings t of tit l.vivisio Con urls appointed to be held b rliinug ellobruary en.xt. The registrars au ml d leuty rtu istrar' ii 'ill l ?.el I their ifires it Sopln for the issue of olectors rights until ti 11 o'-clouck I.o. on S tt'urdl thie 2Lth. lon- t lay, 28h. anid Wtednesday,' 30th November, i and Thursday, the lot DUcombelr. t 'hto landlord of thie C(irr. tjlitng hItel, AIr. Craven, (.ayse Il" Churonicle'") had a letter fati the manlliagr (f CookI andi1?Son, thl d willknlown tourists' agentse, Ia fr,'. datys Toine, to maike artgienrLt is for the accolnul ). datitn of His Esxcelloney the Governor and Lily lirassoy, wiho inteatl payintg Carras. jong a vi-it oa the 30th lust. The vice. r?t Cl party, whic1h will include, in tddition. to Lord and La ly tlirirsoy, Capitcin and lMrs. 1,atlrtl l ,,nu Mrs. Ilinglhtnt, Missn lauicnd an- I the lion. Spencer Lytleton, will tretI v n.l Trtralgon. Cilligneo, O11I Iluit kwarri. Tihey will only stay onUnight ait Tl ar lion and will return to Traralgn It t!te next d ay. Eighty years ago in Ellinbhurgh it woas the euctoiu fors a un to wilk through tho i town every day at noon heoating it largeo shinbuino of huef. His cry wes " Three stirs anid i wallop for a bawlee." All the ihou-ow ives had their vegetables stowing, for the family soup, and gladly paid their t bawhleo fr the privilege of three stirs with the bone, which was supposed to e flavtour thi stew., - " When the German Emperor first re solved on hi visit to Palestine," a corres ilndent of the " Daily News" hears. "heI swrote nlkit autogr1aph letter to Queen Victoria expressing a strong personal wish to sou the peoples of the two countries bound together in bonds of close friend- - ship. and adding a declaration tof Iis in tentiaun to do all in his power towards the achievement of that happy object. Tihe letter said hlie will visit the holy places with thlouahtsof pi ce and friendship for all mankind, and especially for the noble nation under the rule of his " admired and beloved grandumother.' " Last weeuk's "Police Gazette" contains a spe ial direction to members of thie orce that in future proceedings against persons charged with dlunkeunness action should be taken under section 40, sub-section 111, of the Police Offences Act in all cases whore it would apply. The suction provides that any habitual drunkard, hav inc been thrice convicted of drunkenness wichin thIe preceding 12 months, selml ba deemed an idle and disorderly person, and shall Ie liable to any term of im prisonmentd with hard labor not exceeding two years. A rather funny case came under the notice of a contemporary the other day, in which a man had to serve a warrant of distress upon himself. To make matters worse thie man, a constable of police, stationed in all outlying district, received the warrant on--we will say in order to be not too .persoal-Jcihn Smith, moun ted constable, stationed at- . The swarrant wais soberly returned endorsed nulla bona, much to the disgust of those who issued it, and I understand that the ; constable icn question is about to have a bad time in consequence. It was also announced that for some time the con stable actually refused to execute the warrant at all, though after having re ceived it all difticulties in his path had been smoothed away. The first piece of beefsteak that ever reached the gold fields in Alaska sold for £10 per lb. The piece of'beefstake was carried 250 miles on the back of a miner, and Weighed a fraction.over 10 lb. It was put on exhibition at Circle City, and-at tracted much attention. It was subse quently disposed of for £100, the proceeds going to swell the miners' hospital fund at that place. A man named Tomlinson, one of the miscreants who some weeks ago made a series of attempts to wreck trains on the Midland Railway Company's lines, has been brought to justice, and sentenced to penal servitude for lifo. 