BUSH FIRES RELIEF FUND. THE MAYOR AND "THE ARGUS" AN UNFOUNDED CHARGE. At the meeting of the Central Relief Com- mittee on Thursday, the Mayor of Mel- bourne thought proper to resent in a some- what petulant manner our criticism on the dilatory administration of the Central Re- lief Fund. To defend our position would be superfluous, since it was obvious from the outset that we were acting in the in- terests of the suffers, for whose imme- diate benefit the fund was quickly raised, and at the same time expressing the wishes of the subscribers. Besides, the facts speak for themselves. The energy shown by the committee since our criticism appeared in giving relief is eloquent testimony to the necessity for our comments. Nor can the Mayor be quite pleased now with his threat to return to "The Argus" the money (£3,600) received by us. That is, to say the least, a regreattable circumstance, quite as regrettable as his use of the term "abuse" as applied to our comments, and his remark that our criticism "was calcu- lated to hamper the committee." It might have been expected that the Mayor would have refrained from suggesting imputations on our singlemindedness in this matter. But we are much more concerned with the Mayor's charge of unfairness. He said:- "A statement had been prepared by the committee on Tuesday showing what had been done to date, and though it was taken to "The Argus" by Mr. Clayton it was not put in the paper." "The assertion "it was not put in the paper" shows carelessness, for, as a matter of fact, we published the statement in full on Thursday morning! Of course, the Mayor will say, "I meant that it was not inserted in Wednesday's paper." Then, we will take him on that point. Why was it not inserted in Wednesday's issue of "The Argus"? Because it did not reach us until 20 minutes to 2 o'clock on Wednesday morn- ing, when the part of our issue dealing with the Bush Fires Fund was on the point of going to press, and when the remaining pages had been closed. It was quite un- reasonable to expect that the statement brought in at that hour could have ap- peared on Wednesday, and if the Mayor wishes to know where the fault lies he must inquire at the Town-hall. At least, we have the right to complain that he should have failed to acquaint himself with the facts before charging us with unfair- ness. It is hardly necessary to say (for everybody knows it to be the case) that it is not our practice to shut out replies to criticism of the acts of public men or public bodies. THE QUESTION OF LOANS. EXPLANATION BY THE COMMITTEE. At the meeting of the bush fires relief committee on Thursday Mr. Zox asked the Mayor if any minute had been made by the committee to the effect that the relief money should be distributed in the form of loans. The Mayor said that no such re- solution had been arrived at by the com- mittee at any of its sittings, whatever might be the expressed opinion of indivi- dual members. During his visit to the burnt-out districts he had been struck with the number number of people who had lost almost everything, yet who declined to take the relief money as a gift. They would only take assistance in the form of a loan, and he saw no reason in such cases why a man should be compelled to accept money as a gift when he regarded it as hurtful to his independence. Subsequently, when the committee was going through the claims for assistance, they were struck with the number of applications for loans only, the local committee appending the remark - "Applicant will not take money as a gift." In one case a man wrote on his application \- "I have a family of 10 - five boys and five girls - and have lost everything. Would be glad of a loan to put me on my feet again." In view of these circumstances, the com- mittee appeared to consider that, whether it liked it or not, at least some portion of the money given would have to be re- garded in the light of a loan, though as to when the grants should be paid back the recipients would have to please them- selves. TRADES-HALL CRITICISM. At the Trades-hall Council meeting last night Mr. Ward referred to a report which had been published, and said that it never was the intention of the relief committee to charge interest on loans to the sufferers by the fires. He made this statement because at a previous meeting the president had said that the committee inteded to lend the money subscribed by the public and charge interest. He believed the committee were acting honestly and earnestly to relieve the most pressing distress. A Voice - What does "The Argus" say? (Hear, hear.) The President said it was commonly stated that it was intended to charge in- terest. There was abundant information to show that such was intended. It would be a mistake to wait till the thing was done, and then grumble. "The Argus" showed that the relief committee had utterly failed to grasp the siutation. Up to the present not more than £1,650 had been distributed "The Argus" had raised the munificient sum of nearly £4,000, and necessarily took great interest in the proper distribution of the money. The matter then dropped. THE GOVERNMENT RELIEF BOARD. It has been arranged by the Minister of Lands that the three officers of the Lands department, Messrs. Reed, Meakin, and Thomas, constituting the board to grant Government relief to burnt-out settlers, should, so as to secure uniformity of pro- cedure, sit as a board at Loch on the 7th prox., and at Korumburra and Leogatha on the following days. Mr. Reed will then leave for the Cape Otway district, reaching Colac probably on the 14th, and one of the other members of the board will visit East Gipps- land, leaving the third member to complete the Central Gippsland district, including Traraalgon, Thorpdale, Warragul, and other places. POSITION OF THE WARRAGUL COM- MITTEE. REPLY TO THE CENTRAL COMMIT- TEE'S CRITICISMS. £150 ASKED FOR. WARRAGUL, Friday. Great surprise was expressed by the local committee to-day on reading the press re- ports of the meeting of the central com- mittee held on Thursday, and at a meeting held this afternoon the matter was fully dis- cussed. The president of the shire (Mr. J.L. Parkes) presided. Amongst other things, it was stated by the Mayor that the Warragul commitee had not returned the application forms sent to them for recom- mendation, and that consequently the cases could not be dealt with. This implied neglect on the part of the local commitee was the first point dealt with. It was found that 10 of the 30 or 40 applications sent to the central committee, on dates ranging as far back as the 7th inst., were returned for the local committee on Satur- day last, the 19th, and on the following Monday one of the members proceeded to McDonald's Track and other localiteis and made careful investigations into the cir- cumstances of the various applicants. He returned on Tuesday evening, and as the letter of the town clerk, which accom- panied the forms, stated that "even after they were sent back with the committee's recommendations they would have to be de- layed until other applications came in," it was felt that there would be no advantage in calling a special meeting of the commit- tee, and that no time would be lost in leav- ing them for consideration at the ordinary meeting held to-day. It will thus be seen that, the committee got to work imme- diately they received the forms, and it will also be seen that the statement of the town clerk - that the forms were returned to the Warragul committee a fortnight ago \- is incorrect. As the time that statement was made the forms had not been in the hands of the local committee more than four or five days. Mr. Clayton is further reported to have said that he had that morning received a letter from the Warragul committee "which contained that first intimation to the central committee that any money for immediate relief was required, and that a sum of about £20 was all that was men- tioned as requisite." As a matter of fact, the secretary wrote to Mr. Clayton as far back as February 10, asking if the local com- mittee had power to relieve urgent cases by providing food. After a lapse of eight days a reply was received to the effect that the committee might relieve necessituos cases, and that a sum of £20 would be sent for that purpose. In the meantime, however, the committee had to meet the wants of several families who had neither food nor clothes, and were actually compelled to ex- pend a sum of close on £40 before the town clerk's reply came to hand with its offer of £20. The letter sent of Wednes- day last, and which Mr. Clayton described as the first intimation he had received on the subject, was written with the object of inducing the committee to send the money along without further delay. It is not correct to say that the local committee mentioned £20 "as all that was requisite." The central committee offered that sum, and the local committee accepted it in the form of a first instalment. The President remarked that the £20 was accepted because they were not offered more, but three times that amount had al- ready been expended by the committee, and they ought to be credited at one with £100 or £150. The secretary was subsequently in- structed to write to the central committee, and ask for a grant of £150. Father Hallinan spoke in eulogistic terms of the practical interest evinced by the Mayor in the movement, and said that the local committee were very much grieved that he should have experienced any annoyance in the distribution of the fund. The applications sent up by the central committee were carefully analysed, and re- turned by to-night's post. MEETING AT SASSAFRAS EAST SASSAFRAS, Friday. A meeting of the sufferers by the bush fires will be held at the Mechanics' Insti- tute on Saturday evening to endorse the position taken up by "The Argus" in re- gard to the distribution of the relief fund. THE MAYOR OF MELBOURNE'S FUND The Mayor of Melbourne, hon. treasurer of the Central Relief Fund, acknowledges the receipt of the following additional sub- scriptions:- Amount previously acknowledged, in- cluding £3,636 collected by "The Argus".................£8,897 14 1½ Further contributions from-Bruthen district, £13; Massey, Harris, and Co. Limited, £10/10/; proceeds of entertainment given at Portland by Dr. and Mrs. McBurney, £3/5/9; collected by Frederick Moyle, state school, Neilborough East, £2/11/, public service at St Arnaud, per Rev. R. S. Joyce, £2/1/4; Rubira's Cafe (box), £1/10/, Total, £8,930/12/2½. "THE ARGUS" FUND We have received the following additional sub- scription:-Majorca Wesleyan Christian Endeavour Society 12/9. The total amount received to date is £3,750/11/4. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE FUND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-The Rev. E. T. Cox has stated A.B. and C.D.'s cases very lucidly indeed, but in my opinion A.B. has rated his losses too low, for two miles of post and three-rail fencing alone would cost £160, but this is beside the question. The Mayor says every case receives earnest, close attention, but they do not appear to receive anything else. If these cases are not deemed worthy of sup- port, would it be too much to ask the central committee to state who and what are considered deserving people, for it would be difficult to find any case more pitiful than A.B.'s. Fancy a family of eight to keep for six months (and winter coming on) and not a penny to do it with. The Mayor, with two or three days' ride through the Thorpdale and surrounding dis- tricts returned with a thorough grasp (?) or every person's need, but, unfortunately, the grasp appears too tight; by the time it slackens the burnt-out farmers will be "choked" off their land.-Yours, &c.; 10 YEARS A GIPPSLAND FARMER Feb. 23. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-The hearty thanks of the commu- nity were due to you for the prompt manner in which you started the above fund, and now again we must than you for your courageous defence of the subscribers. We do not wish to see a repetition of the scan- dal of the Flood Relief Fund of 1891, when only a portion of the sum subscribed was given to the sufferers, £5,000 being kept back, and then the public were told that all claims had been satisfied, when such was only partially true-satisfied that they got anything at all. The money now subscribed has been as a gift, not a loan, and should be given to those who need it to the last farthing. If such is not done, no doubt many will pause on any future occasion that their sympathy may be asked for. - I am, &c.;, WASHED OUT IN 1891. Feb. 25. THE GOVERNMENT BOARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-In your issue of yesterday's date persons requiring a loan under the scheme provided by the Government for the relief of burnt-out settlers are informed that meetings of the board appointed to deal with the matter will be held at various localities named, at which applicants are expected to attend, and are also requested to send the titles of their land to the Lands department for inspection before the 1st March, or take them with them when at- tending the board meetings. I would respectfully point out to the authorities that unless the board meetings are conducted in private the end in view will be defeated, as person who have their land mortgaged, and which includes nearly, if not all applicants, will not care to have their financial position made public in an open board meeting, and I contend that nothing should be done to add to the unfortunate position the sufferers by the fires are placed in. Again, the suggestion to either attend a meeting of the board "with thier titles in their pockets" or send same to the Lands department for inspection is, as every busi- ness man knows, impracticable for those whose land is mortgaged, and it should be sufficient if the board is informed where the title can be inspected, in hte same way as is done in ordinary business with regards to effecting loans or transfers of title. It is admitted that "The Argus" has ren- dered splendid service to the many suf- ferers, and trusting you will continue the good work, I am, &c.; Feb. 24. KORUMBURRA. A WORD OF THANKS ON BEHALF OF BURNT-OUT SETTLERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,- The Ferntree Gully Fire Relief Committee desires to return thanks to the public for the many good, large bales of clothing, bedding, &c.;, sent to them for dis- tribution among the burnt-out settlers. As bale after bale arrived and was opened, on was impressed at the large-heartedness of the people of Victoria, especially of Mel- bourne and its suburbs, and through their generosity many will have warm garments with which to face the coming winter, thanks be to those who will not see their fellow beings in want. We have also received about £25 locally and outside the district, thanks to Messrs. North and Vaughan, who assisted in can- vassing the local district, and to Miss McRae, Menzies' Hotel, Melbourne, who heads the list with £5/2/6. Twenty pounds of this, together with clothing, has been distributed amongst those who have most needed immediate help. Will donors whose gifts have not otherwise been acknowledged please accept this public acknowledgement? Special thanks are due to Mr. J. J. Miller for the energetic way in which he has forwarded goods left in his charge, &c.; \- Yours, &c.;, F.D. REYNOLDS, Hon. Sec. Feb. 25. 