NOTES ON NEWS. Wrrs the newspaper 'as a medium of exchange, all kinds of curious things change hands now-andays, and the col lector of curiosities has ample oppor tunity.for satisfying his own peculiar tastes. We observe that a contempor ary recently contained a advertisement for "a second- hand~jguillotine." At first sight we might be inclined to put it down to the mania for the collection of gory relics whichAis said to have been prevalenit for some time; but closer attention revealed that a "guil lotine " in pure English means nothing more harmful or .blood-thirsty than a machine fised by bookbinders in trim ming the edges of books. So our good friends, the French,. need not discern in the advertisement another proof of Albion's perfidy. When one comes to think of it Federation was surely dooined from its initial stages. The very- word it self spells disaster; for it, inquisitive r.:. '.-, you wil kindly observe the letters FEDERATION, you will notice that, being interpreted, they spell ONE FAT REID. The society cycling scribe is still going" ahead with his irresponsible jabber. Here is .a recent atrocity w Which 5 wah cut fi ,fit'the X. Scottish 'Cyclist."'. Theoffseria.lady,-anid this is her offence-" I do cars to see stout, middle-aged cou~iles on a tandem. That swift, harmonious pedal ling which- gives to the glittering cranks a resemblance to the dashing movement noticeable in the fins of the fast swimming fishes can be only the result of young and lithe limbs." Help ! Weather-prophet Wragge appears to be developing into' quite an enter tair.ing lecturer. Hitherto we have re garded him as merely "a crank on weather," and no doubt there was some ground for the idea. But he now manages to make his weather talk intelligible and interesting even to those who. are unacquainted with the rudiments of meteorological science. Nevertheless, we sometimes wonder whether the weather prophets of the daily press ever think it wnorth while to apologise to the public for the inconvenience caused by their absurdly wrong predictions, which lead one to venture forth and get drenched in a thin summer suit with walking stick to match the day, and the next to court a blazing Aus tralian sun in overcoat and gamp. After all, we may be excused if we doubt whether the wisdom of the meteorologist has really got beyond that of the old Irish servant, who remarked to the scion of the -house : " I notice, Master Jack, that the bar ometer has much less influence on the weather than formerly. John Paver is one of those burly loafers so dangerous to the law-abiding community, yet so dear to the modern akressor who pastes bills with "Anarchy" for their key-note in every available public spot. John is a sturdy man who preferred to freents Bicnim onid bad variftd 11io terror of. old maids and little children, in pursuit of the crumbs that fell from the master's table. He was ashamed, nswell as afraid, of honest work. Hence his appearance before Mr. Panton at the City Court. There lie suddenly de veloped a remarkable gift. of speech, and in the course of a philosophical discourse for the benefit of Bench and Press,.he alleged that "a man must live somehow while idle; he must get food somehow." This .plea of "justi fication by hungry" being unknown to the students of Archbold on Plead ing, the rejoinder was terse and mittor of fact-one month. Many sensible folk will agree that the donning of deep mourning gar ments as a token of bereavement is, to a large extent, a remnant of barbarism. We have seen a man with a hat band so deep that we at once concluded he hbad lost his whole family; but now-a days more civilised practices are gain ing ground and popularity. Neverthe less, we see that a Russian horti culturist has succeeded in producing a jet black rose, and henceforth -the "Mourning Rose" will be considered de rigour- in fashionable Russian funerals. We assume that the lower classes bho wish to ape their superiors will have to be content with ordinary, roses dipped in ink. There is danger in the dust of the city, according to a faddist who writes to the medical journal, The Lancet. The deadly bacillus finds it his own particular medium for introducing his particular self with all his baneful in flunence. IMoreover, according to the authority aforesaid, dust'=spells disease and death. If this be so, it would set the speculative Melbourne. mind a thinking... We would be sorry, of course, to offer a mere laycontradiction to so eminent an authority as the Lancet ; nevertheless, we have opinions which we pour forth for the benefit of our dust-smitten fellow citizens. We are bound to say that the chief bar to our ready belief in the theory of the infective power of dust, ?is .the fact that so many of as in dust-laden Smellbourno are alive to tell thl' tale. We should not be at allesurprised if a local sawbonel shoild come= to the fore with an explanation that Melbourne's absence from disease is due to the mnicrobes of the soul-stiriog- Yarra3, who wage crontant and succiessful war fare against the "well-kiedw patlho genic organisms"whose hlabitat is in the dust, and that we rid ourselies of both contending forces in a sinleo hounest sneeze. Were it not so we' shou!d fall an easy prey for the nearest 'under taker. Labour agitator Ben Tiiett is a curious conglomeration of antithetical attributes. It is barely twelve months since this socialistic firebrand refused to join in the National Anthem at a meting of Mhelbourne's lonyal subjects, and, yet, acdordi'ig to a Maoriland cx chang, hes app'are to have 'ompletely faced round from Ihispeeuliarly aggres nive disloyalty.. On his return trip from Sydney toT-Wellington, says., our contemporary, Ben took -a prominent part in evening's smoke conceit, and invariably led off the solo part in "God Save the Queen." Furthermore, and this is even more startling in view of his Melbourne utterances, he confided to his Wellington audience; that politics is a "low down" gamin only indulged in by " low down loafers in a low down way." Was there .ever any confession more satisfying and 'satis factory and-at the same time-more self condemnatory. Temperance advocates and ., phil osophers who busy their brains -with comparisons as to the relative degrees of drunkenness,must have found:plenty of food for reflection over the evidence given in one of the law courts during the past week concerning' the various degrees of intoxication. One peti tioner for' release froni " matrimonial bliss " ventured the remark that his wife was " apparently drunk." Pressed for an explanation of terms, he' er panded his 'statement by remarking that the lady'begali by "looking drunk," and grew by such well-defined stages as "being drunk," " pitiably drunk," " palpably drunk,"" deplorably drunk," and " helplessly drunk." For our selves, and judging from our own observation of the average colonial, male or:female, who is addicted.to the liquor habit, weo venture to suggest that he or she is never properly drunk until he is sprawled on a top-floor vainly endeavouring to raise himself by the pattern on the oilcloth." A bush-fire relief fund in New Zealand seems to bring out the humour of the Maorilanders. Here, for, in stance, is an application for relief sent in by a widow :-"I have in family four dairy cows, two pige, a horse, and three little children, all by my first husband, and two gogts, in full' milk, and a baby, by my second husband. All the animals were lost in the fire." Ever since the late Mrs. Lynn Linton satisfied herself and the un reasoning portion of the British com munity, that" marriage is a failure," society reformers and prurient prudes on the prowl for cheap notoriety, have endeavoured, with varyingsuccess, to find a happy issue out of all matri monial unhappiness, But at length a solution is to hand from' an unex pected source, and the method is cer tainly striking on account of- its novelty. 'A cycling contemporary puts forth a delicate illustration of " How to be happy though married." What a charm, it says, can be, added to matrimony when the husband's greater strength-is used to pull his wife up the hills of life-by means of a towing line from his bicycle to her's ! Thus, we may remark, the husband becomes, so to speak, a "tower of strength" in' the family. Moreover, in view of the rebellion of modern matrons against marital tyranny, this is exactly is it' should be. How could the husband take greater care of his spouse than by keeping her in tow? 