rERRIBLE BUSH FIRES IN VICTORIA. MELBOURNE. Friday. 1 clegrams from. Gippsiniid and other fire afflictcd districts rcpor.t_that many settlers are Butferiiigr"dfeaflTully. The heat registered by the thermometer lias gone up to 114°_in_tho shade, and the trials of the people are intensified by the stifling a moke and scarcity of water. One redeeming point of the bush fires is - that "there lias not bocn any loss "of human life, but tlio destruction of cattle, j sheep, fencing1, haystacks, and household property is very-heavy.- -Ah South" Glppsland jn particular the limit, of human endurance has boon about-reached. MELBOURNE, Sunday, — Mr, Brunkor, of~Now South "Wales, tele graphed to the Premier, Sir G. Turner, yester ~day :—'^Deeply "regret ~ sad calamity - aud lamen table distress which have overtaken your people in consequence of bush—fireS iu-tbo Gippsland district.-Blease-aeoept my warmest . sympathy." The Premier suitably replied. Tile Minister of Lands Btatcs that during - the last week the Government has attended ..to a large number of Jndiyidual cases of sufferers., through the "bush—fires, and relioved tlieir -immediate hardships. llo-suggcsts, however, that where ..extensive> clam age has been, dono and "distress is urgent local committees, con sistiugof tbTeopersons,"should bbformcd, so that particulars concerning the losses sustained could be colioot"ed~and placed boforohiin, when the- pressing wants- of the sufferers would reoeivo his itnmcdiato attention." All tho country to the south of Warragul is again enveloped with thick smoke, caused through the bushAres-being fanned -bya Btrong south-westerly wind, which set in' yesterday, and-hlew throughout to-day. During his absence iu Warragul on Friday night the homestead of Michael Dwyer was nearly destroyed by fire. It swept through the forest and attacked the house, and butTTor the splendid work of the inmates and neigl» bours it-would have; beeii""do8troyed." Tho" State school was at one time in imminent danger, and -the Mechanics' Institute is still being threatened. -Telegrams from the country—show that tho changoof wind saved several townshipB which "liiid been threatened with destruction by bush fire8~Tlie-flames-in Aomeportiona-of Gippsland-are still burning fiercely, but tho whid being' no longer from the north the.ex hausted settlers have a chance of recovering thoir energy. 7 The- coalmining—town of Korumburra is still threatened, but a careful watch is being kept, and residents have the .assistance of a-contingent of the metropolitan^ fire brigade; Tho officer in charge of tho contingent paid a visit this afternoon to Silk stone, where the •lumbunna and other coal mines wore menacod by the fires which are burning in the heavily timbored gullies almost up to tho pits' mouths, and therefore perilously dose to tho mine buildings and surface plant. If the danger becomes more acuto during to-nig'nt the fire-ongino will bo, removed from Korumburra and set to work to secure tho mine buildings. A bush fire, -which swept away nearly 9,000 acres of grass, started neat Woolsthorpo, in the Koroit district, oil Fridav. A north easterly wind drove the flames on at a great rate, and fencing as well as li vo stock was destroyed. O'Keofo Brothers lost 50 sheep," W. Lindsay lost 150, and others had smaller losses. O'Keofe Brothers are heavy losers. Tlioy carried on an extensive dairying busi ness, and lost all their grass feed. Numerous oases of heroic conduct have oomo under notice in connection with the disastrous bush fires. One of tho most daring was at Warragul, when Mr. E. J. Fowler almost gave iiis own life away in riding through the burning bush to.savo a crippled farmer named Loader and his little girl. Tho Chief Justice, 8ir John Madden, has written to Mr. Fowler expressing tho highest admiration for his gallant, and splendid courage. Bush fires have been raging in the Grampians now for over a fortnight, and appear to lie in creasing in violence. All the richly grassed country south of tho Grampians, and known as M.oora Moora, has been burnt. Tlio fire has made its way over tho ..mountains, and by tho latest reports appears to "have reached Mr. G. Garter's station, Rosobrook. A few settlors have sultered very severely. Tlio Rosobrook homestead was attacked yesterday, but after a fierce fight tlio flames were driven back. Tlio fire has now reached Wonwondah Station, owned by Mr. Mosman. The conflagration is—the—largest that has occurred in tho Horsham district for many years, and has swept an iminenso tract" of country, destroying thousands of acres. _of. grass and miles of fencing. Reports from Ben&lla; contain -nows--of alarming bush-fires in tho neighbourhood of Toombullup, Lima, _ Toorna, and Buho. Sovoral fires in the ranges have been burning for some weeks past, and have been confined chiefly "to liilly and barren coiintxy, but with the arrival of the south wind they have been carried to the lowlving lands, and it is esti mated that the fires, which have merged into one, extend over an area of sixty-miles- Tho particulars to hand so far are meagre, but it is known that thoseleotions of Messrs. Gould Webb,—Blubbs.—jL Drummond.—anxL Wright, in tho Toombullup and .Samaria dis trict, have been entirely swept by tho flamcR, and it is""fearodTbst-Moverai-homcstcadsraro. also demolished. In the Warrenbayne dis trict Mrs. Iloskins and Messrs. Iredale and WillianiR aro the principal sufferers. Should strong southerly or westerly winds continue for a few days, the fires will be carried on to the rich flat country, and the results must provo disastrous, as"everyt1nng" is dry as tinder. News has been received from Rothsay, fourteen miles from Bcnalla, that a-destruc tive fire swept the district yesterday. Mr. James Steel lost a large quantity of grass. Another settler, named. McHiveenoy., lost his homostoad, milk sheds, and outbuilding, and a largo area of grass. Messrs. McDonald, Tremayne, and Holden JostiicavHy ingrass and fencing. — Intelligence is to hand from Traralgon that bush fires have caused - groat damage. The Mech.aiiics"Instilnte at ltlack warry has been crushed by a couple of blazing trees, which fell upon the building. Several settlers h&v;# jiaist everything oxoepctbeir lives. The fires wbioh oaiiBed havoo south of Tre ralgon last week, and whioh laurned towards Hazel wood and Morwell, doubled back yesterday under the influence of a westerly oreeze, hut not much damage was done. General apprehension, however, stillexists, as the fires are only smouldering, and any sudden' gust of wind may fan them into renewed activity. Rain ib longed forby everybodyaajthe only hone of deliverance. - - M E LBOUItN E, Tuesday. A. heat wave Battled down on Melbourne agani fco-day-aiid the thermometer registered— ^up toW3-iii^|ie^liaaeT=fIot7iiofthorlvjvmd8 setm at day break, and^fanned the bush Area *uto renewed activity# v,tT!k 4I>?^ 8ar/ou9J«portis f torn Foster, one or ttie trippsland towns,-surrounded with iaiafazaiiitoBcrub.-—TJiejnorjiiriir h% « nd bla8t from tl10 north, which increased in volume and strength as noon approached;—An hour later aJntgefireTvas served nea,r Mr. Long's property and I another skirting the green timber near the townJ0™d- P«»» smoke enveloped thI satetv „f „!l4Ve GT r ore entertf»ned for the ^ fety of some of the houses: but the awful noss of the visitation in the afternoon waa towards . The flames came sweeping towards the town W1th wonderTMT-apidity; ana an urgent telegram was sent to the Rail way^omniissioners asking for a special-train to bo flout to rescue the inhabitants. The 1-amvaLof the trajn-gavo.a fooling of intense relief. Many houses wore burnt to tho grouhd but happily thoTosidontsosoaped, - ,0gr0Una' dn»rrni?!Tra?1 fir0!? peouffutl'a reports further destruction by bush faros. Several liousus with 0(311 r°d<iced to ashes, and thorp ib-also a heavy loss of liayrwain fencing, and outbuildings-), * . fiuvoral homes teads--i«~ tho-. Kilcanda dis trict have also been swept away, and the names are threatening others. 77.At,cHi0rililal" U,l0re il! a uontinuanco of tho rwwl li °v S 11,0 tl'ermoinotor registering lr« ^'o-shatio. Tuohroa 111 tho Grampians are still raging Mr. CartorV-lmniostead at Itosejrook which had been menaced, was saved, but Mc. Carter hist, 2,000 acros of grass—The-flames attacked Messrs. Elliott Jf rpthera-Jiismpain fjtation, and-did immense damage, but the homestead aud outbuildings were Bayed. 6 | — ^T"-; fXiATJSR. ] 1—The details of tho bush fireakat Jkostershow" that just after noon a large fire was observed near Dongs. and another skirting the green iiipl^yj^FMndwo-foad and the old tele graph road. Demo smoke completely ~ enveloped tho toy'n, and grave fears were .entertained for tho; safety -of some- of 2, P8aM' Tho_whplo of^ the male" population -of the townshin__ turned out m focee to combat : tho flames, dr.ulu ,ttl0!y orKan,zation was lacking. With the result tlmt there was a good deal of -tiiisspoiit energy. Tho chopjnngwmd made it a matter of groat-uncertainty whatdiroc tisijhe hre would next take. " it- approached nearer Rnd iigarer t,o the site of tho old •J ubiloc Battery and swept away towards Now Aialand llill. 1 he Manager of tho Victory Tunie sent alllns meir to ciidoavour-to-check tfaaJlfimcs, but the wind defeated their offorts. tfad -tho wind—not veered a - few pointa to tho north tho township might have escaped, wit.,put damage. As it was, how over, a sudden change of tho windswept the ~ flame round to tbe-north-mst-of-Kaffirs -in! ' ™nd, d,roc,t >r "» tl>o lino of the town, lhe Wesloyan Church was the first to go -and—attention., was, directed to aavn the Roman Catholic and Anglican Churches". ,, nan Catholic Church,- although a aflame in several places, was eventually saved, iho Church of England building. "!a>" y, Yi efforts of . Mr. Stephenson, escaped, the rush of the flamed and was bebevod to ho safe, so much that Mr. atepionson,-having left several men in charge hastened to aid in saving—Mr. Wood's residence. However, tho lire got hold of both the Church and the parsonage, and in a few moments tlio buildings wenfhopolesslv aflame. Mr. bouillons house was saved, although it was alight in several places, and Mr. Wood's house miraculously escaped destruction. Mr. .',;.nos .argc rcoidtmes adjacent to M Woods caught alight, and in a few moments was a mans uf ruiutt. The lire is now again on the north ond of the town. Mr. Hills residence has gone and many others are in danger. During the whole of tho afternoon tho township has been m a state of panic, and the streets-are strewn with furniture wear ing-apparel, and goods of awry thxeriptioa. U is hoped, however, that the worst of the trouble ,s over, and some of the residents are returning the goods to their houses. The Churches, parsonage, and houses destroyed are bebevod to bo insured, but the exact amounts are unknown. The occupants, how ever, arc heavy losers, in particular Mr T A Stephenson, tho Church of England reader. * 17 ,, . , Wednesday (midnight). J urtlier losses have taken place-at Foster and as tho night, draws on the-awful grandeur of tho spectacle is appalling. The whole of the horizon is lurid with glare, and the streets —ru-r tl,roIIKO(* , with anxious mothers and children fearful lost tho firo will sweep all before it. Eolow tlio Roman Catholic Church is the residence of Mrs. Johanna Smith a widow—a largo wooden structure which in former years did duty as a Courthouse. At / o clock it caught hre, and in a few moments , , T4* '? Ia1sl»^ J'«> flames lighted up tho whole neighbourhood; Messrs. Meadams and futtons houses were devourba iiko match wood, but Mr. Ingrdih 9 whs spared. spocial train has.been telegraphed for trom 1 ort Albert, and many residents—both t/iose who have been burnt out and thoBe who ^ro- inmnminentdangor of losing their houses —have Jeft I'oster for tliat place. The plat lor ni of the littlo country station is thronged with weeping..mothers.. and..cl>ilxlreu,.^nd.^, general feeling of relief was experienced as the train, entered the station. ~Atfl.30 n m, the wind changed, and a light fresh breeze ia 7 nowJilgw,ng._ Ilio f,>ars of tho townsfolk are 1 in comer,nonce allayed, as the danger seems now to be at an end. - 