MAFFIRA SHIRE COUNCIL. WIEnlE.1s.tv, ARlncit 2~u. I'resent: Crs. Lilton (President), 1anhb, M'l)olnahld, IRahilly, Ohlrn, ?undlers nm, Ctlassfonl, flort manl and Di MoIulin. COl ?. Ii'ONiENTl:. 'The folloilg correpoltldence was deallt with : I. Kelly, ('lenniaggi, irawoing aIttenltionl to thel nlreessity' of havilg ome repllles done on the rad leading to his place netar tilhe lMacalister river, which was unltit for trallic. -Work to the ioutlillll of £2 Ilia to he executed. A. SI'Innell, Wadltlock, pointinlg out the had state of the road tillainlig froll where the Me3chanii' Institute stoodl to Coritias contract ; also fior the erection iof a culvert rleading hfron .. 'l)onald's lpaddock to A. A. Marshall, llinnagcgie, drawing anilten tion to the hlocked and tillassaltate a of the road leading to hlls prollerty, as ie hadt nol wil2 of getting ill or outl since the flood. Even a routgh dray track would suit for the presltt.-lehtld over until next meeting. ioe. 31illett, M lcalister Hotel, calling attention to to the drain leading from his plroperty to the river. The drain was cotm pletely filled and consequently fllooed the premises. If counci ll wol allow him to open the drain he wout doo so at his on expense.-health officer to retort. Johil Willntott, Donnellya Creek, on iehalf of residents, hbringing under notice the state of the erossintg on Donnelly's Creek, near O'llrien's. During the lnto floods vehicular traffic was stopped for two days, and pedestrians hatl to cros with risk to life. A bridge of about 25ft.. span was required to remedy this. There was also need for a drain abouti 80 yardst to take the water from the springs.-Engineer to in-. spect andl report. A POUNDING COMILIlNT. George Stockdale, Matfra, in reference to to the commorn cattle being imloitndled by Mr Hamilton, stating that the cattle go down to the river to drink and there was nothling to hinder them front walking across into the paddock, as there was no fence of ant description. The Pound Act statedl that it must be a subltantial fence before cattle couldl be impounded. The council considered tlhey could not interfere, and the letter was merely re crived. ThE Wc.sANDERInn CATTLE NISNCE. J. M'Carthy, ,Malira, wrote, complaining of cattle wandering alout the streets of the town at night, and wished to know if the council could prevent samne. ; After sonin discussion it was decided not to interfere in the matter. THE SEATON ROADS AGAIN Eugene Allman, Seaton, stating that through himself and his men being com pelled to attend bushfires last month he had been unable to get Dawson street, Seaton, fenced off. He trusted the council would grant another imonthis extensionl of time. It wits resolved that notice Ine given. to have the fence relmove'l nwithin 14 days, and that provision he toade for the itigress and egress of the ptllic within 24 hours. Eugene Allman, stating that as a rate Iaver of Seaton ht certainly objected to any portion of the mainl roal leadingg fronm Hey field to the Seaton post-ollice being soli to Mr T. Iharley, of Seaton. This road lead cost the ratepayers a good deal of moiney, Antl inclutded a gool strip of gravel cutting. It was decided to simply receive the letter, as the plan did not disclose any strip of road open for sale. TilE IPMl AND .tN?IUCtIl' ASL*OCIATION. The secretary Gippolanl Mnnicipol AdM soeiation, pointing out that in onler to induen all the municipalities comprising the Gippslantl group to join the assoeiation the annlual subscription had been reduced to £1 s. . . . ' , .. · The Presidlent stated. that this :question hadl already been decidel three or four times and it was not worth whilte gainS opening up the question. The communication was simplyreceivel. A DRtAINAt COtIMPtLAN. . if. Bhtshe, solicitor, Sale, on behalf of Messrs Tessep, Anderson, Tulloch and other property holders at Newry, comiplaining of tihe daag de y draige ton Iy e and stating that lnless the nuisance was niated pro. ceelints wouild e colmmenedt against the council without delay. Cr. Horstntan tmoed "That. cotincillors for the Central riding with the engineer inspiect and report ulpon the drain. in Main street, Newry, Itawlilg's eulvertaml Danets' ritdigc." Secondcd Iby Cr. Linton anil carried, TIIE SlECRETRY'S o l.ARY. The secretary, Mr J. French, wrote imak. ing application to have his salary ilcrearced to £175 per annum.: In so doing he was setlsilin of the fact that the council was tesirons of working the council as economi. callyo as was consistent with efliciency, but considering the way hI had perfonnrmed his tduties dutring the past ten years he thoughlt justificd the application. Cr, M'Dontal moved, "That the secroe tory's salary I iincreased fromnt £15 to £175 as from lst Morcs inst., and that the allow ance paid to the o aseetary; as secretary; of Local loars of health be discontianed after March 31st." Cr. Rahilly seconded the motion whlic was carried. . .. TENDERS. The following tenders were dealt with: 1\. Culvert and bank near Weir's Cross. ing, Wasde.Ilock.-J. Culhano lit 17s. 2\. Road repairs, Ileyfield.-Fresh ten ders. 3\. Gravelling and earth wtorks near Kelleher's, Upper Mlalt. .- R. Roberts, £15. 4\. Culvert repairs. Malfra St?wap.-S. Mlatheesoa. £11 5. 5\. ThIl right to graze on tihe Upper MlPhra Recreation RIeserve for 3 yoears,-D. Wright, £1. 6 R~ling culvert neer Tinamba school. \--W. Certledoe, £38 101. Accnllntt l were i2ssdI for lpayttellt, as follows :--E. O'(Coltnor., L£0; J. Culhalne. £3 1In; G. Ftteinch, £3 ; , W. Cartlrdge, £1 8s 9,l; R. hlatheson. £Si; 1). Matheetlt, £11; l(i. Corilas, £10(I; A. FI. {tahitton, £18 14;.WV. Rnoyo, £3t; ,I. 'Treacy, £t 1,S. M. Cliffonl, £1 IOl; J, Tlit, £2 8s: P. lofillandi, £1 (is; 1,. ItglliI, £1 lil; Huntit a111 Co.., £3 a; JlaoS. liettelt., £2:I 14s til ; J. If'titoitltn1 , £31; C, Rowloey, 1 ; 1. Ryatll, £1 Is :3ld : scretary, 13S; ceigiiteer, £14 lII 8 t; health olticcr, £2 lo 8i1; pay shcel, £28 5. The followilni: mllotiotns were carried : Moved hy Lr. 1)n Moulin, secodled hy Cr. lHiorsttau, "'Thlt the 1.111 raiulgr report on thile contliition of tihle shiie reols ill rerianl to entclttithintg lidgeis iilll lhhir olicker iatii clippillgs, ctc., at ilextll icctiiig iof colulci." lMovell Iy Cr. Rhil , secldied hI Cr. Oshorn, "'that tendlers Ie inivcitcd icittul aile it tletix leetinttg fur olrtinlg tlll grae.iittg ,utlal ct h"it i tie ra1l le.ililig front the itleraectiiln if thle Iteyilehl aid Mallfra imuls towards the towntthfip of ( leiliaggie," iLovd T hb t :r. Itahillty, eccotleid hy ('r, Oslorll, "''htat the regilneer itiseet tilhe lI)otlllcliy' Cieek ,road and retll(Irt as to tile proliathble cost of c;rril''g lut eel'rttit wtorko ini the imtter indiiiale it SIr Wiieiott, letter, altd alao ilispect thto work il prl greas." Movedl Cr. Sl'l)oalhd, oecoltlleld IIy Cr. uIlnth, " 'That tetdlers he aliled for 1i nextt tlecting of cotuncil for fonlirigi antil p?,vcll. ing liettetn the niortth ciii if Coridas' cotitract itid thie site if the Wadaetlc. k ntiirniauis ittittte, as askeid for hy Mr II. M.ulties." Moled il I Cr. IRailltt, ,ecoinlil i y Cr. O00rn, "'TIrhat the etgineiir inspject tlhe :lttlling at Colelian's wit a view oif havIitig tle draiills clearedi out anillt oither Irellpirs ti tile road elfectedl." lonvcld ii)y Cr. Osablrn, sIeclidCed h\' C(r. Balilly, " That the etginieer to inshiiicted to iillccLt anud Ie'? rt l Yet nieeltiilg 1il •oal |between rail'ray 'lridg a11d 1 avil' coruer with a viiew of havilug ileccseary iut s gra\elled." Moctd hy Cr. ()i.Irn, ccieiotll hii CI. Suulcrniani , " That Ihc enlginler iilspclt riilI be ec oteen ilt e'irl'orter iit tile I 3y. lichl Ctltietery atl thave telldelrs talletd Ii iext tieetitlg for Ilece~oary repairo." lMortal Iy Ci'. SIuniltinItlato, secOlded 1\' LCr. OtibornI, " 'That the egillneor have .3' 3i11a0e if gravel carltedl aiti olnead ott the road adtjacett to the leytifitl Cel.entery. 