THE WEATHER. RECURRENCE OF EXTRAOR DINARY HEAT. SOME REMARKABLE RECORDS. Yesterday intense and exceptional beat was again experienced in Ballarat and throughout the colony. In this city the highest reading of the thermometer in the shade at the Ob sorvatory was 103 deg., while at the School of Mines there wa3 a register of 104'5 deg. This beat wave, however, has proved less severe than that which prevailed in Ballarat daring tbe Chrietmas holidays, culminating in records unprecedented for a period of over 12 years. Tbe temperature then rose until it reached 105 degrees in the shade. Miss Baker, of tbe Observatory, stated that during the 12 years sbe bad been connected with that initiation she had never recorded so high a temperature, but within 24 hours the record was raised to 10S.J deg. Within little more than a fortnight Ballarat baa bad the rare experience of en during shade tetaperitnres on various days of 93, 105,105i, 1021, 91, 92, S7, 81, 96, 96.5 and 104.5 degrees. A destructive bush-fire was raging yesterday in tbe Victoria timber reserve, the property of the Ballarat Water Commission on the northern side of the reservoirs, about 12 miles from the city. Columns of smoke could be Been rising in the direction of Clark’s Hill throughout tbe day, and towards evoning clouds of smoke Bettled down over the city. At night the gronnd under tbe electric lamps in Sturt street was thick with grasshoppers, which have of late been increasing in numbers in the district, where they have done same damage. In Melbourne from an early hour yesterday morning it was exceptionally hot, and under Gaunt’s verandah the mercury rose to the century at half-past 10 o’clock. It went steadily up, and at noon it had reached 10G"5. The figures at half-past 3 were 109 deg. The temperature of 108 J in the shade in the City of Melbourne has occurred before. Tbe hottest records are as follow: —1860, January, 111; 1862, January, 111 "2; 1566, January, 10S"2; 1867, January, lOS'4; 1575, January, 110"4; 1876, December, 110"7; 1882, January, 110-5; 1896, January, 108; 1897, December, 107*3; 1898, January, 109. In the shade at Geelong yesterday tbe tem perature was 113 degrees at half-past 2 o’clock. At Stawell the English cricketers, it is re corded, fielded in “insufferable beat register ing 10S in the shade.” Broken Hill has sweltered under 109, 110, and 112 degrees; 114 degrees has been-regis tered at Rushworth, and a message from Macarthur reports:—-‘The heat continues to be very Bevere, and tbe country presents any thing bat a ple.isant appearance. Almost every vestige of green has disappeared, even ferns being scorched np. The November rain gave the grass a splendid growth, and though long it is dry as tinder, and really constitutes an element of danger. Water is very scarce, and boring and well sinking are general. Springs never before known to be low are dry. A heavy bush fire ia burning in the stones at Mount Eccles, and several farms have had narrow escapes. Parrots are doine immense damage to the already diminished fruit crop, while locn3ts are very numerous. Rabbits seem to have come down like a plague from up-country.” A telegram from Traralgon reports:—“ Tbe weather is terrifically hot, the air being dense with smoke from fires in the surrounding hilU. Tbe annual meeting of the shire council lapsed in consequence of several councillors being nnable to leave home through the prevalence of bush fires.” Tbe Observatory forecast for the 24 hours from noon yesterday is:—At first hot generally, with northerly winds, but a Blight change to cooler weather, with light southerly winds, may be expected to-night in southern dis tricts. In the north the weather will pro bably continue sultry, with light variable winds. Slight sea. The report of the intercolonial cricket match statee that in Adelaide the temperature was 113 deg. in the shade. A gentleman who visited the Fernshaw country on Saturday in search of a shady holiday, came back to Melbourne disappointed. He reports that be found the Black Spur on fire from the base to the summit’. Mounts Monday, Juliet and Domdom ware also on fire. Under the circumstances he thinks he ia justified in sounding a note of warning to intending tourists. This summer will thus be memorable as having, in the height of the holiday Beason, destroyed the bush scenery of the prettiest tonring road in Victoria, razed the historical buildings of Port Arthur, Tas mania, robbed of its charms tbe loveliest forest and fern tree eonntry in the southern part of the same colony, and devastated some of the most attractive spots in New Zealand. This is the third January in succession in which parts of Australia have had occasion to understand the theory of Mr Russell, the Government astronomer of New South Wales, that “ the action of the snn is turning tbs waterless plains of the interior into the breed iog gronnd of beat waves, which, with the breath of a thousand furnaces, come romping over cities and plains until the whole continent faints and droops under their wbite • hot ardours.” Last January, it will be remembered, for five days the temperature, especially in New Sontb Wale', Was abnormally high, which rendered it almost unbearable both for man beast. Many persons were prostrated by the excessive beat, and not a few suffered from heat apoplexy, while a number of horses were temporarily disabled. The thermometer read ings included 43 reoords over 100 deg., and of these 23 exceeded 110 deg., and in one instance tbe record went to 120 deg. At one station in the interior tbe readings for a week were— -108, 108, 115, 114, 118,114, 106, and 90. In the Bame month of 1896 Sydney ex perienced a spell of 105 degrees and upwards in the shade. The bank of superheated steam drifted over the city roofs and oat to sea, and 150 miles from the coast tbe ships that ran into it describe tbe experience as running into “a bank of flame.” At Bonrke the ther mometer, for a whole week, oscillated between 113 degrees and 121 degrees. At Wil cannia 119 degrees was. a familiar re cord, and the airless heat of the nights was, on tbe whole, more ornel than tbe soorohing glare of the day. In Camden, nnless thermometers can lie, the beat rose to 123 deg. Perspiring crowds were flee ing from Bonrke as tbe inhabitants of Pompeii fled from that city when Vesuvius was poor ing upon it its tempest of burning ashes. Not » few pastoral towns in weßtern New South Wales, aa a matter of fact, threatened to be abandoned by their scorched inhabitants, and no wonder, for the heat wave was as crnel and aB deadly as an average pestilence. Twenty-two doatbß were registered at Bonrke in five days; five deaths at Wilcannia were registered in a Ringle day; in Sydney the heat wave killed 125 persons in one week. 