OUR COUNTRY SERVICE. [jfbom Our correspondents. 1 CASTLEMAINE, Wednesday; Tiik Nelson's Cannon.—The two pieces of ordnance sent oh here from the dismantling of the old frigate Nelson by the Defence depart ment, arrived yesterday. The railway charges for their carnage was £10 4s 3d. Mr. Southey, stationmaster hero, has received instructions: to reduce the charge to £4 5s 6d. Cricket. — The Malmsbury club to-day played the local Wednesday eleven. Custle miine totalled 225, tlie principal scorers beuig Fi'cema.v (57), W. Todd (38) and Walker (2S). Malmsbury at call of time had five wickets down for 48. Freeman secured four wickets for 33 iHns, I ECHUCA, TUESDAY. Tjie Stabbing Case.—James Ryan w*s charged at the Police Court this morning with stabbing William Reynolds. The ease against the accused was a weak one, and he was dis charged. The evidence of Dr. Eakins and Ser geant Love showed that Reynolds was drunk when he was stabbed, whilst- Constable Flood said that about half an hour before the as sault, viz., at 1 p.m., he saw accused and two others having their dinner at Moama, H mile away from the spot where Reynolds was stabbed. When Reynolds was first called on to identify Ryan, he said he was not the Ryan he expected to see, but he afterwards swore he was the man who stabbed him. The police stated that the Ryan they first looked for was, it was found, in Deniliquin Gaol, and that ac cused was arrested because hid name was James Ryan. Tub Nelson's Guns.—The Borough Council decided last, night to ask the Railway depart ment for a rebate on the freight charged for; t-he conveyance of the gun; from Williamstowu [to Echuca. It amounts to £917s Gd. , Lodge Distinction.—Mr. H. Wilkinson, iof the (J.A.O.D. Lodge, Echuca, has been ap pointed District President of the order over the Northern district, including Bendigo and Gharlfeon. He will be duly installed next lodge night, .. v i Oob Water Stfpri.Y.—A petition, is' being signed, asking the water trust to establish a second pumping plant at Echuca East, on the lines suggested by Mr. Hector, C.E. ' ! Another Fire.—To-night a fire occurrod in a four-roomed house in Hume-street, owned :b3' Mrs. Hampton, of the Pastoral hotel. . The place liad just become untenanted and Mrs. Hampton was arranging extra beds in it on account of the races, when her dress caught fire, and the flames reached the paper on the wall. A very bad pressure ef water nullified the brigade's efforts. The place was insured, conjointly with another building, for £100 in the Victoria Company. Fatal Result of an Accident.—James Noonan, farmer, of Tongala, who was injured by falling off a.load of wheat some weeks ago, died to-day in the hospital. Wednesday; Si'EARixcj Fish.—The Murray River has been so low of late that the blacks at Cumroerajunga have been enabled to spear the fish. They pre very adept at this pastime, and one of them secured a cod weighing 401b. -Bush Fibes.—Yesterday morning a large bush'fire' broke put at M'Donald's crossing, about 11 miles from Echuca. It was travelling, at latest accounts, in the direction of Stewart's Bridge and burning fiercely. Tin: Muruay.—The river is to-day 3 feet 2 inches, and is rising slowly ELMORE. TUESDAY. St. PETER'S CHURCH OF ENGLAND. A har- vest thanksgiving service was held in this church on Sunday. The church was nearly filled, and an excellent sermon was preached by the. Rev. W. R. Elvery. THE WEATHER. To-day 98 degrees was the maximum shade register. WEDNESDAY. WEDDING. — Yesterday morning the marriage of Mr. Samuel Clemens, son of Mr. J. H. Clemens, of Corop West, to Miss Isabel Shotton daughter of Mr. John Shotton, of Runny- mede, was celebrated at the residence of the bride's parents. The Rev. W. Clemens, of Numurkah, brother of the bridegroom, offi- ciated. The bride, who was handsomely attired, was attended by three bridesmaids, Miss Jeannie Trewick and Misses Carrie and Alice Clemens. Mr. David Trewick acted as best man. After the ceremony a large number sat down to the breakfast, and the usual toasts were honored. The newly married couple left by the mid-day train for Melbourne on their honeymoon. The bride received numerous wedding presents, including a handsome silver teapot from the congregation of the Elmore Bible Christian Church, of which she had long been an active member. CLIMATIC. — The maximum shade reading to- day at 2.30 p.m. was 98 degrees. ■ HEATHCOTE. Tuesday. Hospital Fete.—A meeting of the general committee was held in the Shire Hall last, night, there being a largo attendance of mem bers. A programme, the prize money of which amounted to about £25, was adopted. The collectors, reported that fair success had attended their efforts, most people being willing to subscribe in money or kind. The art union committee was empowered to purchase a clock .for- the--'first- prize in the art union, the supplementary prizes to be taken from the contributions. It was stated that.satisfactory progress was being made with the general arrangements, and the ladies were working most energetically to secure the success of the fancy stalls, etc. Wire Netting.—The Shire Council has just received a consignment of 20 tons of wire netting from Germany for distribution among thDse entitled to loans under the Wire Netting Loan Act. The wire appears to be of excellent quality, aud the net-price is £18 15s per mile on the trucks at Spencer-street. Visit of tiik Minister of Lands.—Mr. Best, accompanied b}' Messrs. Morrissey and Mason, Ms.L.A., will visit Heathcote next week for the purpose of inspecting the areas held under the 32nd section of the Land Act. Tho visitors will be entertained at a banquet on Tuesday evening. INGLEWOOD, Tuesday. Iixness or a Constable.—For a few weeks Constable Mason, of this place, has been some what unwell, and his friends will regret to hear that lie was obliged to go into the local hospital last evening. LAAN ECOORIE, Monday. ' Mechanics' Institute.—The annual meeting of members was held on Saturday evening, when Mr. A. Borland (president) presided. The balance-sheet, which was adopted, showed —Receipts : Balance in bank, £9 Os Sd ; sub scriptions, £11 ISs Gd ; hire of hall, £G 2s (id ; donations, £28 12s 4d ; Government grant,"£5 14s ; total, £Gl 10s 7d. Expenditure : Books, newspapers, etc., £9 14s lOd ; librarian, £10 10s'4d ; building account, £18 18s 5d ; fuel, kerosene, etc., £2 14s 5d; bonus, secretary, £5 5s; postage, stationery, etc., 16s; balance in bank, £14 7s 7d ; total, £G1 lGs 7d. The fol lowing were elected for the ensuing 3'ear :—• President, Mr. David Barber ; vice- president, Mr. M'Cracken ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. J. Waugh (re-elected); committee, Messrs. I). Guinev, l). Grisold, A. R, Michael, G. II. Tupper, A. Borland. A. E. Ross, \V. Grisold, T. Stone and J. Fairbank. Totes of thanks were passed to tho retiring officers, and the meeting closed. MYERS' FLAT, MONDAY. Makriack.—At St. Kalian's Pro-Cathedral to-daj" Miss Susan M'Mahon, second oldest daughter of Mr. John M'Mauon, a very old resident, of the Flat, was married to Mr. Pat rick Murphy, of Rochester, by the Rev. Father Rooney. Mr. E. M'Mahon was best man, and Miss Maggie M'Mahon bridesmaid. The bride was given .way by her elder brother, Mr. John M'Mahon. At the conclusion of tiie ceremony the part}' adjourned to the residence of the bride's parents at Myers' Flat, where an excel lent breakfast was partaken of by a number of guests. Several toasts were honored, after which, accompanied by a host of friends, the newly-wedded couple proceeded to the Myers' Flat station on the honeymoon trip. M01:13 Rain Wanted.—Farmers are patiently awaiting more rain in order to start ploughing. There is an abundance of water in tanks and dams from the recent rains. An Unwelcome Visitor.—A snake measur ing over five feet ill length was this afternoon despatched in one of the outhouses connected with the Royal Mail hotel. PYRAMID HILL, Saturday. Tiie AViieat Market.—The farmers here .ire very apathetic on the question of exporting surplus wheat. There are not many very large wheatgrowors, the holdings being generally small throughout the district. There is keen competition at the railway station, the price being 3s lHd. A few farmers have sent wheat to the Melbourne grain stores to await better prices, but the majority are content to sell here. Fhuit Snow.—The annual fruit show of the Cohuna Association was opened by Mr. M'Coll, M.L. A. The following were the principal prize takers :—Apples— Dessert: G. Peel, 1 ; F. Longmorc, 2. Cooking : Jas. Farrant, 1 ; F. Longmoro, 2. Jas. Farranl firet for pears and collection of cooking plums ; J. Paterson first for dessert plums. Peaches—G. Peel, 1. Fig3 —Jas. Farrant, 1 ; G. Peel, 2. J. Paterson three first prizes for oranges. Quinces—Jas. Farrant. Grapes — Best collection of table grapes : J. Paterson, 1 ; G. Peel, 2. Zantc currants: J. Farrant. Heaviest bunch : G. Peel (31b.). Collection green fruit—J. Farrant, 1 ; J. Paterson, 2. Collection dried fruits—J. [ Paterson first for Zante currants, figs and poaches. H. Safe first for apples. Bottled fruits—G. Peel first for apples, apricots, cherries, nectarines and peaches. H. Safe first for plums. J. Farrant first for figs and pears. H. Safe first for collection of jmis, jellies and pickles. F. Longmore first for collection of tomatoes. J. Farrant first for rock melon, sunflowers, collection of flowers, and collection of green and dried fruits and vegetables grown in the Shire of Swan Hill. J. Paterson first for barley and oats. D. Maxwell first for wheat. ROCHESTER, Monday: Campaspe Irrigation- Trust.—A meeting of this trust was held this afternoon, when there were present—Commissioners 'Webb (in the chair), Murphy and W. Tehan. Tenders had been called for various works, but owing to the contract price exceeding the estimated cost, they were all withdrawn with the cxccptionjof one, viz., that of Hanley Bros., for repairing the flaming, which was accepted at £76 7s. I Tuesday-, OBITUARY. — Profound regret was felt in the town yesterday when it became known that Mr. John Andrew, of Naneella, had during the morning succumbed to an attack of pneu- monia, after ail illness of only eight days. The deceased gentleman, who was 44 years of age, was one of the early settlers in this district, having selected land here in 1874. He was a very successful breeder of stock, and took a great interest in the local agricultural society, of which he was a member of committee. It is only three months since Mrs. Andrew died. The funeral took place this afternoon and was largely attended. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev. Thos. Neilson. The many friends of Mr. P. Sullivan.will regret to hear of the death of his wife, which occurred on Sunday morning after a short illness, the cause being hemorrhage. The deceased lady, who was 36 years of age, was the eldest daughter of Mr. Patrick McCarthy, late of Diggora. The funeral took place yesterday and was largely attended. The Rev. Father Mulqueen con- ducted the service at the grave. Sports.—At a meeting of the committee j of the St. Patrick's Day sports held on Friday evening, it" was decidcd-'to hold the anniial sportson ICth March. / Messrs. Jas: Grahjuil and Jas. Doherty were elected joint secre taries. SERPENTINE, Saturday] ■ Presentation.—After the business of the East Loddon Shire Council yesterday, Mr. W. Hardy, J.P., who lias resigned the position) of president of -the Serpentine Hospital Fate after acting in that capacity for 18 years, was presented with an illuminated address. Mr. Garden, who presided, said that they liad gathered together that afternoon to do honor to a gentleman who had rendered very valuable services in the cause'of charity" for "many years. Mr. Hardy had been an excellent worker, and during his term as president every fete had been a great success. He (the speaker) also thanked Miss Ho rdy for her exertions in the cause j of charity. - Mr. Hardy was then presented with the address, in which regret was expressed jat his resignation of president; and the heaijty thanks of the committee for his services ac corded him.. Mr. Laird, who had acted ias secretary to the fete for many years, also re ferred in eulogistic terms to Mr. Hardy's services. Mr. Hardy thanked them for their kindness, and said, he would continue to do his best for the annual fete. _ ' TIMMEKING. Monday: "" Fire.—On Thursdaj' evening a fire occurred atCarag Carag State School, by which the residence of the teacher, Mr. James Millar, was destroyed. • The only thing saved was an organ valued at £25. The local Post'office was kept at the place, and the contents wero also burnt. Mr. Millar states that the furniture was in sured for £100, but that will not nearly cover his loss. The origin of the fire is unknown. WOODSTOCK WEST, Monday. Obituary.—It is with regret that I- have to record the death of Mrs. Hamilton, aged 7S years, wife of Mr. John Hamilton, of Eastville, which occurred on Saturday morning. The de ceased lady had been ailing lately from bron chitis and asthma. For many years the de ceased and her husband resided at Bsringlnip. West, and were among the pioneer settlers of that district. The funeral took place yesterday at the Baringhup Cemetery, a large number of residents attending to pay their last tribute of respect to deceased's memory. Much sympathy is expressed with Mr.Hamilton and his daughters (Mrs. J. Manson, Eastville, and Mis. W. liaye, Barinahup) in their bereavement. The Rev. -T. Robertson conducted the service at the grave, and Mr. P. Morris had charge of the funeral arrangements. 