A CORONTAL ENQUIRY. ONE OF THE VICTIMS. A coronial enquiry on the body of Catherine Mary Matthews, who was burnt to death at the rear of Longley Inn on Friday last, took place this afternoon. Thos. Matthews, the father of the deceased, was present with his hand bound up in lint, and went with the jury to inspect the body, which lay in the morgue terribly charred. The coroner stated that he thought the one inquest was all that was necessary. Therefore, there would be no enquiry on the other bodies, which would be interred on his certificate. Dr. Butler gave evidence to the effect that deceased had died of injuries she had sustained from burns. Up to his arrival, every possible care had been taken of deceased. He knew nothing of the circumstances by which she met her death. He met deceased on her way to Longley, and in charge of the police. Thomas Matthews, a farmer, residing at Lower Longley, said his daughter's age was 26, and she resided with him. On Friday last there was a fire in his neighbourhood. It had been on the mountain for some days, and on Friday the wind come on in fierce gusts, and drove the fire down on to his place. The fire seemed to go away from his place, and then it turned round in circles, and consumed the cart shed. His wife, daughter, grandson, grand- daughter, and a man named Harris were with him, and they tried to do what they could to keep back the flames. He and his wife ran into the house, as it was cooler than outside. His wife tried to save some things, but was knocked down by a cow. When the flames caught the house, his daughter, who had on a flimsy blouse, was too anxious to save things, and exposed herself to the fire. Her dress caught alight. He and this wife crawled down in the drain to get out of the heat, and Harris brought his daughter to him. She was fearfully burnt. He told his daughter to lie down in the drain, and shortly afterwards he saw that all her body was burnt away. He got her out, and gave her some water. She then cried out for brandy, and said she was dying. His son, who was burnt out just below him, took charge of his sister. There was nothing to put over her, everything was burnt, Then two men-of-warsmen came and carried her up to town, whither she was removed. The fire started from the north-west bay side of Mount Wellington. Sergeant Coates gave evidence, and said between five and six on Friday evening last, under instructions, he proceeded to Longley, together with two man-of-warsmen from the Dart. They found some 20 or 30 persons at Longley bridge sheltering from the fire. Diggs, late proprietor of the Longley Hotel, came to him, and informed him that a lad named Leslie Jones was lying dead under the bridge, also that Mrs Jones was lying dead along the Sandfly road,and that Mr. Mrs. and Miss Matthews were at the back of Longley Hotel, about three-quarters of a mile distant, badly burnt, and that the latter would probably be dead before long. The men-of-warsmen volunteered to bring Miss Matthews down, and witness went along the Sandfly road for Mrs Jones. Her body was found lying on the side of the road face downwards, a quarter of a mile from the site of the Longley Hotel, and was conveyed to North-West Bay bridge. He then found Miss Matthews had been brought to the bridge, and was suffering intensely from burns. There was not the slightest doubt about Mrs. Jones and her son being burnt, and that they died from the effects of burns. The whole country around was swept clean by fire. The coroner said that was all the evidence. He had travelled somewhat beyond the scope required for this enquiry, the object of which was to do away with the necessity of an enquiry upon the bodies of the other victims. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from burns received on December 31st. 