THE BUSH FIRES. (From the "Argus.") Foster, 10th February. Although there are still fires burning in the district no fears are entertained for the safety of the rest of Foster; provided ordinary pre- cautions are taken, the greater portion of the scrub having been thoroughly burnt out yester- day and today. Business is partly suspended, and selectors are still coming in to swell the numbers who have already been housed by the Foster residents. Communication with Toora by road for vehicles will be impossible for some months, as several large bridges have been de- stroyed. The president of the shire has intimated his intention of calling the council together at an early date to take steps to provide for com- munication between the various centres as rapidly as possible. As far as can be ascertained, the following are the approximate losses of some of the burnt- out settlers: Jas. Ingram, £1,500; John Ros- sitter, £300; Malcolm Urquhart, £300., Joel Grathorn, £300; H. M'Kenzie, £400; A. Arcus, £100; Matthew Goy, £200; Edward Ashbury, £300; W. Gardner. £400; Edward Gardner, £150; Charles Grantham, £150; Hy. Rogers, £250; Heinrich Anderson, £100; Mrs Ferris, £300; James Phillips, £200; James Wright, £100; E. C. Clark, £150; Joseph Wiltshire, £150; Neil M'Donald, £200; Hugh M'Donald, £200; William M'Donald, £75; Emily Cooper, £150; John Percival, £100. The insurances in Foster are as under:- Church of England, £275; Wesleyan Church, £250. Later. Further reports of serious losses are just to hand, particularly in the parish of Dumbolk, close to what is known as the Dollar township. The following settlers have been burnt out, viz :- Messrs Tratt, George Hendry, Travers (formerly of Berriman), Salmon, Parish, Peavey, Vetters, Samuel Rogers, Caldwell and Leach. Henry Rogers, Alfred Nicholas, D. Henderson, and John Nicholson have managed to save their houses, but everything else has gone. At Nicholson's the fight was one of life and death, because of the fact that Mrs Nicholson was lying in bed dangerously ill. The three Irvine boys with John Nicholson, worked with might and main against fearful odds, and eventually succeeded in rescuing the building from destruction, and several of the occupants from death. Mr W. C. Davis, of O'Grady's Ridge, is a heavy loser, his house, fencing and stock hav- ing been destroyed. Michael Monaghan, a new arrival in the district, is another of the un- fortunates. At Turton's Creek a family named Robson has lost everything. At Fish Creek the Atkinsons had a trying and awful experience, and the houses were saved after a fearful struggle. It is reported that all the out-houses, fencing and some 200 sheep have been de- stroyed. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Mr Mason, has been using his best endeavours towards alleviating the sufferings of those afflicted. Word is just to hand that blankets, and clothing are being sent from the Central Relief Fund by the first train to-morrow. The action of the Bendigo Ladies' Benevolent Society in despatching supplies of articles of great use is especially commended. Alberton, 10th February. Residents in West Alberton and the back country are preparing for a fight with fire. Should the wind change to the north the pick of the dairying land will be swept. Farming implements and furniture in one or two in- stances are already placed on the road for safety. A few miles from here Everett's property is in danger. Ferres has lost 500 acres of grass land, and Wm. Moore has lost extensively, several of his paddocks having been swept. Fat cattle, fit for Melbourne market, were to be seen standing in one paddock this morning without a blade of grass to be found for them. For several miles on the back road fences are destroyed, and the road blocked by fallen trees. The chief bridges have been saved. At West Alberton George Appleyard and Crann have been burnt out. The full extent of Tuesday's fire in the Bin- ginwarrie area is gradually being learned. W. N. Ross, one of the sufferers, states that he was burnt out on Tuesday night. The fire came from the Mount Fatigue Reserve in a solid wall of flame. He lost his house and grass, and his neighbours, M'Inness and Casterson, lost their houses and everything. Atley has lost his house and grass, and also his cow and pigs. Kerr's selection, in possession of Reddick, was entirely swept. Reddick and his two sons were found in refuge in a hollow log. The Rev. W. Y. Blackwell's selection was burned out. It was rented by Robt. Dicker. Everything is gone. Dicker and W. Davis saved their clothes and a few sheep. Jesperson, a selector, lost everything but his clothes, which he buried prior to the fire coming down. Ross fears that Wm. Reddick, Henry Denham, Robert Brown and Peter Neilson have been burnt out, but can not say with certainty. 