Ih~ Whrouidtl STAhBLIBSD 1554. SAITURDAY, DECEMBER 81, 1898 " Iv all the year were making holiday," says an old writer, "to play would be as tedious as to work." Probably by the time the festivities inseparable from the keeping of Christmas and the cele bration of the advent of the New Year are fairly over, nat a few of our readers 'il be ready tosubscribe to the 2 contained in' the quaint old lnejust quoted. Amongst ape ruch as Victorians are universally admitted to be-energetic, businesslike, and go-ahead--earnestness in holiday making is as characteristic as is the race for wealth and position. To quote another old writer, "Gravity's nothing but folly., Till after the Christmas Day." and this idea is very generally enter tained by our fellow-colonists. The holidays over, the " gravity " of basiness is assumed with redoubled force. So much by way of preface. Glancing rapidly over the past year, it may fairly be pronounced to have been a prosperous one. Politically, socially, and commercially, steady and sub stantial progress has been uadoubtedy made. Boom fevers have been re covered from, and, thanks to a good sound "constitution," the patient public-public patient we might have said-is now, at the close of 1898, fairly convalescent. Upon the whole the outlook for 1899-with the glorious season with which Victoria has been blessed-is decidedly cheering, and whilst wishing our readers, one and all, a happy and prosperous new year, we will conclude with the Tennysonian sentiment in the late Laureate's apos trophe to the joy bells, "Rig out the old, ring in the new, uRing, happy bells, acrossthesnow : The year is going, let him go; Ring onut the false, ring in the true. " Ring out the grief that easpe the mind, For those that here we see no more. Ring out the feud of rich and poor, Risg in redres to all mankind" Tsauma was an enormous crowd at the Beach on Monday and Tuesday last, the gathering on Boxing Day being a record one. With so many people huddled together it was but natural to come across fault.Snders, who could point out in what meaner the Beach and surroundings could be improved, but who unfortunately could iot devise the means for raising the necessary money for carrying out their proposals. The Council, we believe, have a very good idea of what should be done to. wards improving the Back Beach, but without an increase in the general rate they are quite powerless to carry out any immediate improvements. Every thing like that must be done gradually for a time. The new seats on the Es planade were greatly appreciated. The next step should be to plant more trees along the Esplanade. But one thing must be seen.to immediately and that is the want of adequate sanitary accommodation. The expenditure of a few pounds would complete all that is necessary in this direction. (The perusal of a recent pamphlet published by Niven and Co. for the Portland Council may give local councillors an idea of what is wanted.) Another source of complaint was the train a-e. commodation, particularly in evening, when visitors were returning to their homes, the "extra" trains having een put on when they were not required. So crowded were the trains that as each left the Beach Station, there re mained on the platform as many people as could comfortably fill another. It was rather annoying to those who waited at the Beach station, when they found that others, having a better idea of how matters were likely to stand, betook themselves to the South station and there filled the trains, leaving no room for those waiting at the Beach station. Surely the Railway authori ties would attend to the proper re. quirements of the public i their tten. tion were called to this disgraceful state of affairs by the council. Poor Williamstown seems to have to put up with a good deal at the expense of their neighbors, notwithstanding that we.have a reputed railway expert in Parliament! Here's another com plaint we have to make. Perhaps the Gardens Reserve never looked worse than at the present time. A number of dead trees want rooting out, and if some of the live ones that are' grow ing (?) too closely together were thinned out, others would then have ,an opportunity of improving their stunted appearance. The buffalo grass has apparently not been cut for a considerable time. Perhaps, now that we have drawn attention to the mat ter,. the mystic Gardens Committee will hold a seance and make the Back Beach and Gardens more presentable and agreeable to the thousands of visi tors who flock thither during the hot weather. TauE Chronicle office will be closed ter the New Year holidays from 1 p.m. to-dd, till Tuesday morning next, when business will Commit the nuo - throagh at very ad.condi ay dangesons the healthiof the tesid is ofthe town ano more so during the warm weather. Th drains, combined with the rubbish tip, are responsible, to a very large extent,-for the people on holidays all being so clpsely packed together about the baths, when they might have a wider field for their pleasure and enjoyment. The Town Inspector has re ported, time after time, regarding the insanitary condition of these drains, but so far without avail. As a rule the Inspector's repores are regarded by the Council as so much waste paper, when in fact some of them should be seriously considered and action taken thereon. Perhaps the Council is somewhat powerless to act because of no funds being available, and are content to permit nuisances to exist without making any special effort to overcome theni. There can be no two opinions about the drains being a nuisance and dangerous to health, and should not be allowed to remain in their present filthy state. TaE Williamstown Premier Band will play in the Rotunda, Back Beach, on Wednesday evening, 4th January.at 8 o'clock. Tars week's Punch to hand. The principal eartoon is a very good one, entitled " How England keeps the peace." In the foreground the armies of the world are speead out in marching order, with banners flying, while in the background shows out prominently and threatening an immense ironclad brist ling with armament and proudly flying the Union Jack. The issue Is up to its usual standard of excellence. THE half-yearly meeting of the Williams town Tent, LO.R., was held in the Temper anoe Hall, 19th inst. Two candidates were initiated and correspondence dealt with. The report of the Government Actuary on the position of the order for the five years ending 1896 was read. It- showed that financlally it had .gone back. from having 20s 2d per £ to 18s 9d, caused by increas ing funeral allowances to £25, increase. of average age and reduction in the rate of interest. The actuary also reported formally on the condition of the tent, its assets standing at the rate of 20s 5d to £1 of liability, thus showing a clear surplus. The election of officers resulted as follows: C.R., S. J. Byrne; D.R., W. Jenkins; sec retary, S. Byrne (55th term); treasurer, E. Garlick; !i.S., J. Sinclair; W.S., T. E. Baker; L., T. Rodda; auditors, W. Arm-. strong and H. Harvey; Superintendents Juvenile Tent; R. Owen, T. Baker and-:H. Taylor. P.C.R. Bro. Garlick having in stalled the C.R., the latter performed that office for his newly elected colleagues, and in thanking the brethren for his re-election referred with pleasure to the pleasantness of his previous term of office, and hoped that as the tent had provided old and young with means of enjoyment better attendances would be seen in" future. Various accounts having been passed for payment and the retiring officers thanked for their services, the C.R. closed the tent with the usual fJrmula. THE Customs authorities are awakening to the fact that a large number of small tradesmen in the city and suburbs elect to sell cigarettes without taking out the license to sell tobacco. Two hundred of these persons have just been fined by the Minister of Customs to the extent of 10e, and were compelled in addition to take out a license for the ensuing year, which meant 5s more. Ix our advertising, columns. tenders are invited for certain supplies for the local Hospital. THE Douglas Parade drainage schemre is sure to come under the consideration of the Council again before long. there seems to be a determination on the part of at least two of the councillors to have the work carried out without any regard to the cost to be incurred. In our opinion the scheme is a very expensive, one; -in fact, too ex. penaive for the benefits 'likely to be gained. Of course, no reflection is cast upon our able Town Surveyor, who derigned the plans. No doubt an underground drain would carry away all the water from the channels in Donhlas Parade and other adjoining streets ; but is it absolutely. neosa 'y to have an underground drain at' ?.? We certainly think not.,. Surely t - d Thomas, Da~f conmes frou ai aconsiderable s the North Wa done sooner. the hosecart, were promptly on the scene. Seeing there was not much danger, Super intendent Lindsay advised the Curator, Mr Scott, to allow the fire to burn off the grass, and stationed a fireman at the spot with that object in view and also t. provide against the adjacent properties being en dangered. The grass was between 6 and 9 inches in length and very thick and dry, and as a matter of fact has been a standing menace to the gardens and vicinity for a long time past, Superintendent Lindsay having advised its burning off some six weeks ago. The fire was allowed to spread as far as was thought safe and was then extinguished without much difficulty. The bicycle track was not injured. It is not known how the fire originated. Apropos, it might be just as well if the Gardens Com mittee inspected the Reserve alluded to for if the grass therein is not soon cleared offwe may some of these hot days.be afforded the imposing spectacle of a real bush-fire in the middle of our township. IT is announced elsewhere that the general list of voters for the North Yarra Province (South Williamstown division) may be inspected at the Council Chambers. THE Town Council in this issue calls for tenders for the supply of 100 cubic yards of sand and also for timber for 12 months. AT the Town Court yesterday, before Messrs Pearson and Knight. R. I. Keig pro ceeded against John O'Halloran for the re covery of £8 5s. Defendant admitted owing £7 198 6d, an order for which amount complaint expressed himself satisfied with and it was made out acdordi4gly, with 2s 6d costs. A RENEWAL of a marine dealer's license was granted to William Thorley, at the local court yesterday. John Cunningham. sen. and jun., were also granted renewal of collectors' licenses. A FAMILY vault which forms a handsome addition to.- the ornamental work in the Williamstown Cemetery has just been com pleted by Messrs H Bliss and Sons to the order of Capta!n James Deane, of "Britannica," Ferguson Street. The vault' was designed by :Mr Alfred Champion, architect and brother of the Town Surveyor. We are pleased to record the fact that a pupil of Mr Gerity, of the Williamstown Grammar School, Master F. Woods, son of Cr. Woods, of is town, was successful in recent matriculation exam ro uA-, a pupil at St. Mary's R.C. S mstown, was very isucesful minations h at Father. m, per Rev. P. J. checu . This speaks volrmes for efictnt t ing imparted by the teachers of the Sisters of the F Companions o Jesus,who have char gof sta Mary's school. 