NEWS OF THE DAY. The English cricketers will play in Bal larat to-day. A general public holiday will be observed this afternoon. Mr A. E. Spencer will make a balloon ascent and parachute descent this evening. Mr Grattan Biggs will dose his season at the Academy to night. The Queensland meteorologist predicts farther intense heat in Victoria. A test match pun —“If England has a Prince Australia has a Noble.” Two British gunbnata for Cados are pro ceeding up ths Niger. Airs M'Lean, an old Bnort resident, aged S6 years, died on Friday last. Parts of QueenßUad are still experiencing phenomenal rainfalls. According to latest advices the European vintage for 1597 will give poor returns. At present water carting from the rivers is occupying mnch of the time of the northern farmers. The Prince of Wales haß an own brother to Persimmon ready to raca next year. In connection with, the Paris Exhibition the printing of the tickets alone will cost £32,000. At Mirboo North a settler named Michael Diley Marden was killed on Tuesday by a tree falling on him. An amazing feature of the recent beat wave has been the devastation of some of the loveliest epots in Tasmania and New Zealand. It .is alleged that cattle in parts of the interior of S. A. will die for want of feed and water if the extended- drought continues much longer. New telegraph offices have been opened at Forrest, Bonnie Vale (W.A.), Wonramel (W.A.), Kelly Vale (N.S.W.), aud Rouse Hill (N.S.W.). Victoria’s hay area- this season is about 440.000 acres, which will give an average yield of one ton per acre, 0r440,000 tons. A plague of caterpillars, supposed to be similar to the caterpillars winch attacked potato crops at C irrum, has decimated the pea crops at Poowong. At Castertou last year’s rainfall was slightly over 19J inches, being 5 inches less than that of the previous year, aud 10 under that of 1595. I« the Arctic regions there are 762 kinds of flowers, 50 of which are peculiar to the Arctic regions. They are all white or yellow. In Victoria the area under oats is esti mated as being 395,000 acreß, which, at an average of 14 bushels per aore, will produce 5.530.000 bushels. Further particulars nre to baud regarding the fires in the Otway Forest, from whioh it would seem that the whole area of tim bered country has beon more or Ibbs in a blaze. Bush fires c mtinae to rage in various parts of the colony, and a considerable amount of damage has already been done. A disastrous explosion has occurred in the powder factory at Oviedo, in Spain. The building was totally destroyed, and seven perBODS were kitted. An advertisement recently appeared in an American newspaper offering inducements for any attractive couple to be married iu a den of lions. The chief of the police at Dawson City, an the Ktondyke goldfield, states that the provisions in the town hall will last until April, by which time supplies will be ap proaching. M r J. Gnbbins, the Irish sportsman, as the owner of Galtee More, headed the list) of winning owners iu England for the flit racing season. His total winnings amounted to £22,739. At Junee, N.S.W., the water supply from Bethunga gave out on Wednesday, and ar rangements have been made for a supply to be sent from Wagga by train. All the wells in the town are dry. On account of the prolongation of the test match, the game between South Australia and New South Wales will bs started to morrow instead of to-day, as previously arranged. A voluntary sequestration of bis estate has been made by Mr Leopold Fane de Sails, of Lambrigg, Tharwa, N.S.W. The assets are given at £50,250, and the liabilities at £130,398. At the Sydney Police Court Denis Murphy, John Fisher, and Geo. Johnstone were fined £5O each, or in default three months’ imprisonment, for a breaoh of the Bettiog Suppression Act. At Narrabri, N.S.W., on Wednesday a terrifio storm broke over the town, unroofing a number of buildings aud causing consider able damage. Trees were uprooted and fences flattened in all directions. Heavy rain followed. Says “Observer"— “When one places Trumble’s bowling alongside bis recent feata with the bat, and remembers also his match less powers at short Blip, there is little difficulty in picking the champion cricketer of Australia.” A farther migration to Queensland will shortly take place from abont Warraok- Dabeal, as some more farmers are on the eve of selling off and settling in the colony men tioned. Th» exportß of eggs from Russia increased from 55 millions in 1892 to 148 millions in 1896, these going obiefly to Germany and Great Britain, The new English mail arrangements will onme into operation next month. Daring the present month the mails will continue to clobb at Melbourne on Tuesdays, bat from ths commencement of February they will leave ou Wednesdays. Iu the Wagga district, 114,341 acres of laud will shortly be thrown open for selec tion, aud, iu addition, 79,315 sores of exchanged lands are beiog dealt with by the Lands Department prior to being offered to the public. Tne yield of barley for the Warrnamboot diatriot will, it is estimated, reach nearly 100.000 bushels. The first shipment, and the largest that has ever been despatched in ono lot from the port (10,000 bushels), has been sent to Melbourne. Mr J. Havelock Wilson, M.P., the secre tary of the National Seamen’s Uoion, who has been visiting the United States, reports that he will realise the sum of £40,000 in America ou behalf of the engineers on strike. The Registrar-General's estimate of the ' population of West Australia at the end of Deoember, exclusive of aborigines, was 110,364 males and 51,544 females, or a total of 161,908. This la a decrease of 4959 com pared with tbe figures for the previous quarter. Major • General Gataore, of the Indian army, who has served with distinction in the frontier war, has been appointed to com mand tbe British brigade in tbe Soudan cam paign, Detachments of the British foroes have already been sent to tbe front. Bush- fires in the Dandenong State foreßfc last Friday destroyed all the property on Messrs H. and J. Ma«oh’s selections, fruit treeß, grasß, fencing, buildings, and tools. Mrs Masch, an old lady, 73, suffering from paralysis, narrowly escaped beiog burned to death. Owing to the intense heat, further bush fires are reported from various districts of New Zealand, whioh are said to have osused vast damage. One swept the Rai Valley, between Nelson and Pioton, and much of tha famous scenery there has been de stroyed. Incessant rain has fallen at Gladstone, Queensland, since Saturday morning, tbe total rainfall for the week being IOJ inchea. The traffic on the Cisrmont railway has been suspended by the floods. Over 5 inoheß is reanrded at Collaroy since New Year’s Day, and it is still raining, The Connors River and adjoining creeks are reported to be flooded. In the Jeparit district the wheat yield will be one of the lowest ever obtained. Many of the farmers will have to seek some practical assistance to’enable them to culti vate for another year, in hopes of. better returns. The test matoh aroused most unprece dented interest, having been witnessed by 83,901 spectators, as registered by the turn stiles during the four days, the total re ceipts being £3340 6s 6d. This is only £164 less then the record “ gate”—£4oo4 at the fifth test match played by StoddatVs pre vious team, 