Items at jfctoiB, fOSTAL ABRiWflRMgKEB. On the pccaaoq qf tu pnbljc holiday tpmorrowthfi ftUovirug arrangements Ijave beeq made at W local posttffiic «. ' Nomonev order'bum- qeas will be transacted, And there trill be: W morning delivery by letter tamer. The poet office will be aiohaa aiT in «._m. twit. the telegraph office wiR" re -open far the toaueaction of business between 6 and 7p.m. HAMiLTOisr races.— There is every prospect, of Hie Race Club :Jra- ing a most-: successful . meeting . , tomorrow, and a momter. attendance may.;he confidently ex- pecfeL iehtnra5S«;i4re and tim rerelipg . few. - Traditor torn retired fareMJCOfe miamrfof |he 85 pomes [?] proclaimed for any local celebration, the honfnfliavBpeea rinsed for tire whole day, a course' which was quite unnecessary, and wfiofa ehtaned so end of inconvenience on the public. Under the new arrangement, pemJewfll be able to transact their ban kit.,, "bntimae on holiday mornings. It most be understood that this innovation only applies tojhp&dayB; specially proclaimed for local purposes, such as races, agricultural shows, cricket matches, and so on. The statu torv holidays are not affected, and the banks wiU he dosed all day on ihe dates fixed by the Act- To-morrow, Foundation Day, is a pnblic holiday under the Act, and therefore the banks will not open at alL cbickm iajnchbon. — The speeches at the cricket luncheon on Saturday were of the briefest character. Mr. Stoddart, in a few kindly words, spoke appreciatively of the service rendered by the Mayor of Hamil ton, Hr. Melville, who, he thought, was entitled to the highest praise for taking the initiative in bringing the English here. The Mayor, in responding, expressed the pleasure be felt in seeing the English cricketers in Hamilton. „He wished them success in the matches which lay before them, and if the local men lost this match he wiss sure they lost it to a good team. Mr. M'Donald, of Warrnambool, proposed the health of Hr. G. R. Rippon, the presi dent of the Hamilton Club. He said that Mr. Rippon "was ail old cricketer, one who had played and played .well, in intercolonial and international matches, and whose eons had grown up in the same way. He wze deserving of the greatest credit to taking the initiative to bringing the' English team to Hamilton. (Mr. Rippon : No ; the credit belongs to . Mr. Melville). He thought Mr. Rippon .was entitled to the thatio.af the whole Western District. (Applause). The . toast wasdrrmk with enthnntasin, and with local variations of " He's a jolly good follow." Mr. Rippon, in HiawWng tbem heartily for the compliment pald hlm, also complimented them upon their display of musical ability. He desired to point oat that the credit of bringing tire cricketers | here was solely due to Hr. Melvflte What I he (Hr. Rippon) had done was forjhia own pleasure, simply because he liked to see I good cricketoB play the game. (Applause). The proceedings then terminated, j toe prince pacified.— The state- ment that Prince Ranjitsinhji, owing to the ! offensive remarks made'at tbe recent cricket j match, would not play entire Adelaide Oral j again, caused a flatter in tha South Ant- I tralian dove-cote. "The question was (ac- | oording to the BegUter ) much discussed on I Wednesday, and when the players assembled to exchange compliments over a Mass of champagne the opportunity was seized by Sir Edwin Smith, President of the local J Cricketing Association, to refer to It. When ' he expressed the hope that the rumour was \ not correct the applause was general aud hearty. Sir Edwin offered an apology to I the Prince for anything unkind which might I have been said, and aranredtiiediztirurtjiued I visitor that any statement of any oBenrive I character had received the severest con- I detonation of all connected with the South I Australian Association. Ranjitxtohji, fa a I forcible speech, pointed outtiret his remarks I were not intended for reproduction, and I that as a member of the team he would have I -to play if his captain so desired. He main- I tained that anything which he had written I about Adelaide or its players had been I penned simply as a criticism, and with no I thought of malice or idea to injure any one. I He accepted the apology, if one were really I necessary. I bahji amd the adelaide BAR- I rackbes.— Prince Ranjitsinhji, when seen J on Wednesday last by an Argut reporter, I resented tire inmntation that Monday's to- I sultairain the "terrackets" had affected his I batting. "In &ct;"said he, " it made me I feel more determined to score. a bad stroke, I not the crowd's insolts, got me oot. I really I do not think I said anything about Adelaide I to deserve nil tire unkind things that have I been said about me. Really my criticisms | have to one respect done good. You know I I said your ground was rather bare and I rough. Welb sinee thai it has evidently 1 keen well watered, for to rhia match I there was not , the least fault to I find with it l do not object ' to I criticism,, but it did seem herd that I motives should have been imputed to' me. I What possible motive could I have I bad to prompt anything I have., written. I X came to Australia at great personalis- I convenience, because taking tire trip meant i postooning for ax months the attention I which my private affairs demand. It has I been variously stated that I receive £2000, | £3,000, £4,000 far the trip, bnt I asms you I I do not get a sinrip -penny beyond my ex- I praises. If I did get £4,000 1 would not mind I who knew. I came to Australia expecting I to have a pleasant time, but things have I been made very unpleasant for me in Ade- I laide, and I tinnk it was most ""fair for a I leading section of the Adelaide press to I incite thepeople against me. Then.because I I criticised Adelaide, it has been said that I I did not write my book. I have admitted I aU along that Professor Case lrindly read I some of the proofs, but he saw only 80 1 pages of tire book. Every page is my own. I In other ways I have been abused, my I writings have been misinterpreted, and, as I I have already said, motives have been im- I pnted where tirere were none." I FlXTBRBE OF THE HlGHEE 'CourtS. — 1 The times at which the higher cohrts' are to I hold their sittings to Hamilton have been I gazetted,- and for the convenience of oar I readers we give them : — There will be two I sittings of the Supreme (urt during tbe I current year,- on Friday, ,22nd April, and I Thursday, 6th October: The County Court, I Court of GeneraTSessions, and Court of In- I solvency, will -hold three . ritttogs eacb, viz.: — Tnesy, 1st Match; Friday, 21th I Jnne ; ami Wednesday,' 19th October, I a elba foe the grasshopper. — it i appears that after all the gtasshqpner pest I is not ennnmixed-eviL The moet depraved I and dissolute (i luiihiiiipm " yiniiiiiiiiuii some redeeming featores. We gather this from a conversation "which took place"; yesterday afternoon between two ladfes, one of whom was' bewailing her hard fete irrimngat a fl spot which had hot been visited-jby the pest. I "What do you. want grashoppers fori" fl queried the other." "Splendid feed for fowls was the rejoinder." And, perhaps fl to tiiis self-racrifictog way the grasshopper, H by furnishing nutritions food for the ponltry H yard, mates some slight amends lor the H ravages of his brothera to other parts. fl fruit export. — Sir Fhilip fysb, Dr. Cockbnrn, .and Mr. Traverner, the H Ministers of Agriculture ' jeff Tasmania, fl Booth Australia, and Victoria, had a con- fl ference at .Parfismept Hoqte on Saturday fl rporning rejecting tire hrial shifment of fruit, which It is proposed to send to Iiondon early to March. It was explained by Sir Philip Fysh that the fruit would be pre- H served by the" Simmehs" cool air mocess, instead of by refrigeration. A continuous enrrent of air' would be made ' to 'pass through the chambers where the fruit was stared. -He-.-stated that 10,089-. -eases of apples woqld be taken away frorq Hobart iu the shipment. Mr. Travraner said' that at least ' 1600 .eases of apples wopld 'he sent feom Victoria, and about 500 cases of grapes- H Dr.. CocHmrn was doubtful; whether any applfes could he shipped from Adelaide, but H tome grapes would be got ready. - He thought, howeyer, that grapes BhouM be put to a separate chamber, from .apples. . It was decided to wire;to ihe topmg scompany wilh whieh Sir- Philip Fysh %as made ar- H rangemente, asking if a separate chamber rxrald te;provideafor grapra.. ryhe,qugstic>n rf 'Jmcussed, and ti>0iirtoe eon- vrasRetiresthat&nitgiDwera; desoous of stoduff apjiles hrgtqies-ttoiidd mate early v::: .-"TV I aoctokst at tbk ararat railway staxtok.— A.very-serions sieoident happened peBtradtyraoiniiig at .the Ararat Raiway titetion to lffrTum Si tbo weU- known, engine driver. 'Mr. Simpson wes ou H tos'»gwh!ch"WaerfBnding attire etatiou H I i I (Uw shti»<foiddeht .intent, showing I ovetltilixtomibrfv imlvniiiirinor the. toes, fl \- Wrawhto, in i aEa@sa@M&toiriioB;|ii- » an hot Mre snjdjyrofireidng H I Hamilton Police Court. — A young man named Henry J. Parkinson"' appeared before Messrs. Leidiaw and Daymond, J.'s.P.. at the Hamilton Police -Court on Saturday, charged by one George- Dyson with having unlawfully assaulted him at Broadwater on the 20th inst. Sergeant Kelly stated that the man was supposed to he a lunatic, but the two doctors then present in court , were not agreed on that point. The Bench did not see their way; clear to hear evidence with regard to lunacy when the charge preferred was assault. A remand till Tuesday (to-day) was then asked for and granted ; in the meantime the patient will again be medically examined. Two lads, named respectively Joseph Premier and Philip Antiow were charged by -Con stable Harrington with having been firand at an early boar that morning, without lawful exense, in a stable at the back of Meagher's Hotel. On the application of the police both men were remanded till this rooming, bail being fixed in each accused's ownxeoognizan&eof; £10, and one surety of a like amount. _ _ The WaxwohRb Entertainments. — The Foresters' Hall will be open to-day from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m., and to- morrow (Wednesday) Mr. Pink Stuart concludes his season here, that being his last appear ance. On to-morrow (Wednesday) after noon a special matinee performance will be given, commencing at 3.15, for the con venience of schools and families, when children will be admitted for threepence each. On Wednesday night the final per formance -will take place, wlien, in addition to the Waxworks, Mr. Hollyford and Miss Stuart will appear in new songs - and character impersonations, and a number of fresh records will hp put through Bulwer's wonderful talking machine, the Grama- phone. St. Patrick's Day Celebrations- —A glance at our advertising columns this mermng will reveal the fact that the anni- versay of Ireland's patron saint is to be cele brated in Hamilton this year by the holding of a monster gala, even surpassing in its completeness the demonstration iff last year. From the published programme it will be seen that the tastes of all nationalities have, been liberally catered for, and bearing in mind the fact that a town benefits largely by the holding of snch demonstrations in places so centrally situated as Hamilton a very liberal measure of support doubtless awaits the efforts af the committee. A numerously attended meeting was held in St Mary's School on Sunday evening, the Rev. R. Scanlan being appointed chairman, on the motion of the Rev. Father Shanghai!. An influential committee was appointed with power to add to their number, and on the motion of Mr. Edward Gaffney, seconded by Mr. O'Beirne, Mr. O'Kefly was ap pointed secretary. Cab Accident —On Saturday even ing after . the conclusion of the cricket match, as one of Mr. Thomas Vines' cabs on its way to. the town, with a number of gentlemen inside, had passed through the gates and reached the insin road, another cab, coining from an opposite direction, came into collision with it. So great was the hock that the shafts of the latter broke, one of them entering the side of the horse harnessed to the other cab, causing a nasty wonnd of several inches in length, but for tunately the occupants of the first-mentioned vehicle escaped all injury. We purposely refrain from giving particnlare of the acci dent, including the names of the respective driven, as we are given to understand that they may possibly form the cause for an action at law. Mining Reports.— Victoria Utd., Kalgoorlie, 10th. — Put three lengths of ladders in shafts. Baled water ont and cleaned same up. Contractors made a fair start with sinking, and hope to make good progress. Victoria Utd Extd., W.A., 10th. — Contractors sunk shaft 4ft., total 100. No change in ground. light rains have fallen in most parts of the colony. The receipts at the three test matches have amounted to nearly £8500. At the Adelaide Oval this season nearly £4000 has been taken at the cricket matches. The balance-sheet of the Queensland National Bank shows the profit for the year tD be £8000. . Owing to the long -continued drought,the supply of milk -to dairy factories is falling off seriously. . Fifty immigrant girls arrived at Free- mantle, W.A., by the steamer Woolloomoo- loo from London onTuesday, Mr. W. T. Stead (of (he Review <f Re view) will probably undertake an Aus tralian lecturing tour this year. Platt-Bett6,on the Sydney cricket ground, has reduced his own five-mile cycling record to 9min 30sec, from a dead start. Several of the farmers in (he Casterton district have completed threshing opera tions, and in the majority of instances the yields have been highly satisfactory. The continuous rains on the West Coast of Tpurasnin. have quenched the fires and given an ample simply of water for mining. The smelting works are all again in full blast. Messrs. R. Stapylton Biee and Co. will offer -at auction tomorrow -at 11- a-tn., a number of valuable brood mares and yearlings. It is announced that a run -of the Hamil ton Bicycle dub will take place to-morrow, starting at 12.30, to the racecourse, so as to arrive in time to eee the first race. At Kcton (N.8.W.) on Tuesday night a ganger named John Brennan, when travel- ling on the line on a tricycle, was overtaken by the express train to Melbourne, and cut to pieces', The pictured by Australian artiste in tended for exhibition in London were shlpped-by the R.M.8. Himalaya. Br all 326 paintings were forwarded, and their ralue is etatedat £12,000. In consequence of the scarcity of water at Staweil, it nee been decided to discontinue watering the streets, and to temporarily close the corporation baths, also to reduce the supply to Some of the mines. The London Standard, referring to the result of the testmateh in Adelaide, eharae- terisee the defeat <ff the English team as unexpected a-nd overwhelming, and tnor play es disappointing throughout. Bushfires that broke iouton Power's Court estate, Gippehind, have" swept oyer the entire estate from Stratford to Maura, roasting a large number of sheepeliye,whih3 \- scores of others had their wool scorebed offi During the test match -1270 telegrams were sent from Adelaide Oral, containing, 30,448 words, to the -other eplaoies fof £146 17s; and 236 international messages, 4441 words, were despatched for £1613 18s. . One ferwifti who wee in Sale ,Jhis week explained that he tost £150 -worth'-of fencing by the fires, but'that he had a "bum - through it which was worth £400 to him. The &e; did work iriiMh he.couiainqfcbara gopmpliaheddpryesrei -Si- f , , . The potato crops In the Wermambool district arc qpmaderably below tire average and some fanners who are djgng ? not getting more than 1 J ton to the:- acre, whiieothersara diggiqg from 2to -2£ tons, pfflaadlhatjqsuallyaveragee between? end StcmB.'- "" 5 The chargers token to England by Colonel Lassetm,:who -ccgnmanded the ;Nejv-Soutii Wales datadhnent of cavalry at the Jubilee celebrations, have been told at TattersalTs, Apollo bringing 110 gmneas -and Cowna snnMM. His three "hunters were bought fOT toMtrimteartKflee at a total prioe'of 177gmnees. - -. - - .-. - .' .. '> y Mr. e. H. .Atkinscsi lias zeoeiyed a. oraa-, munioation from tbe - Beoretmy sfcr . e Companiee Anditorf BoeruffiMhim license tb'Scf: as'4anaBafterA(g vlWlB baa been There ttob 'jrbMfinht dyutmje (ftth inxecogidtiopiff M 