188 Clem, put opq Heame'e «p in the qlj.)S aDd A. E. Stodciart took an easy chance The score stood at 283, aSid Clem.'s portion waB 188. The whole crowd ap plauded as one man, and the English team, every one of them, gave full- handed plaudits in honour of the young batting hero. Jones and Kelly added 15, and £elly was caught at the wickets first ball from Briggs, who had just relieved Richardson. Howell and Jones added 20 for the last wicket, and at eight minutes to 1 o'clock the end came through Jones being held by Hayward, after a sound compilation, of 20. It was 10 minutes past^ when Howell, from Uie Richmond end, opened to Mac la ren, who had Wainwrighi as partner; Wainwright has had very bad luck in batting, and doubtless the change of pbsi tion in going in was to see if it would change his luck. Trott bowled from the pavilion end, and when 14 was posted, Howell clean bowled Madaren with .a beautiful break£a«ter ^"Sfoejaren passed into the wakstoo good for me." broke a bail. \ After lunch thk Indian ^M^,^eW\with WainwritfiC, jand goni .tudb lager JWain Wright waVgSwiJy taken at poipjt Jj^llowell off Trott. .^EfiKlfefe^ogJbat«C^^?ontnbu tion was 6. . account ?with a couple off"®Mtt, and" "Ranji." got a sweet 4 to leg off- Howell, whom he pre sently sent travelling in fine style straight for 4. Hayward got Trott away to cover for 4. and by godd play 60 was posted at 11 minutes to 3. Hayward hit Trott high over Darling's head to square-leg for 4: and at 57 Noole relieved Trott. At 58 Trumble supplanted Howell, and two runs later a tremendous outburst of applause pro claimed that "Ranji." was out, caught in the slips by Iredale off Trumble. The Prince had shaped in his well- known wristy and finished manner for 24. Druee came in to see Hayward caught at forward-cover low down, ov Gregory off Noble. Hayward's display for" 22 was first-rate. Bruce got a double and a triplet to leg, the latter a neat stroke off Nobis; and Storer was caught and bowled by Trumble for 2. Half the side had gone for <J7, and the astonishment of the supporters of Australia was as pro nounced as their pleasure. Was it the smoke from the bush-fires or the wicket? It was easy to see that the wicket was all right, and though the light was dull, owing to the smoke, it did not seem to affect the play of any of the batsmen. The next partnership, that of jDruce and Mason, pro duced 36. Both batsmen shaped well, Druce in particular appearing to be nicely Bet. .Suddenly an appeal fiang out from Jones for leg-before, analJruce was adjudged out by Rannerman. . The Cambridge University crack played in beautiful style for 24. A. E. Stoddart met with a most cordial recep tion, the hearty spplanse continuing until he was half -way to thewicket. When Stod dart hau made Uin sound style, he put one of Jones's uptowardsthird man, and Joe, Darling took * the tAauce like an artist. Seven were downfor 121 when Briggs joined Mason. Jehnnie got into double figures by a capital cut for I tiff Trott. A fine piece of fielding by Noble at forward-cover-was warmly applaud&fc; and, indeed^ the Aus tralians all l'ound 'fieldea so admirably as to elicit plaudits again and again. . Mason, who had been batting well, was bowled by Jones, and eight were down for MB.- Hearne disappeared right away, caught t>y. Trott at point off Jones. The last pair Were Briggs and Richardson, and the latter "was so" busy tttat he rapidly altered Jones's bowling figures onthft3>oard. It wa& a & to leg, by Ridiardsoj^ff^Joiies, that sent 160 up, ana a similar 'ttpBafce niao to Tom's credit seat" 170 up. At'a^fcninntes past 5 o'clock, Harry Trott clean bowled Richardson, whose com pilation of 20 was desSj^ltiiB; of commenda tion. How the Kngligfijjfeilfell for 174 on such a wicket I cannot t^^^fceept it be' due to the .fact that the bonroji^r and fielding were first-class throughout, and that every chance was taken. JSfrgry imrier on the Australian side .seemed to fWi that it was do or die, and instead of dying they "did." The splendidly- sustained efforts. 61 Jones in tue trying leather extorted the admiration of all; -and, indeed, universal, opinion affirmed that never before did an Australian side wrork with' more determination than did Harry Trott and his comrades ten in tliis great bloodless battle jvith the redoubt able Englishmen. I never saw Syd. Gregory in better -form at cover, and as for Jones, he was more than «ver a mass of solid india-rubber. Infche follow-on, the Eng lishmen lost one wicket for 7. 