THE MERCURY. HOBART: TUESDAY, JAN. 18, 1898. EPITOME OF NEWS. T.R.C. and T.T.O. entries appear this day. Annual meeting of All Saints'Church in schoolroom, Macquarie-street, to-night. Health of Zeehan just now is especially good. Entries for the T.T.O. Fire Relief Carni val, to he heId to-morrow, close to- night. Nubeena, s.s.., will run to the Channel ports tomorrow, returning on Thursday. Huon, s s, will make two excursions to Brown's River to-morrow. The entertainment at the Theatre Royal last evening in aid of the Bush Fires Relief Fund was a very successful one. Customs receipts for week ending 15th January inst.-Hobart,£4.289 14s. 2d.; Laun- ceston, £3.37216s. 11d. Rooberts & Co. sell to-day, at noon, the right to use the cattle jetties and sites for booths on Regatta Day, Court of General Sessions to hear appeals against assessment roll at Triabunna 2nd prox. Court to revise electoral rolls to be held at Cressy on,the 31st inst. and Richmond on the 27th inst. Plucky housemaid in Macquarie . street stopped a thief with a blow on the head with a poker yesterday. More power to her elbow ! Silver still quoted at 26¾d. British camp looted on Indian frontier, Bush fires still devastating New Zealand. Janane-e transport wrecked. Eighty-five lives lost. Great Britain formulates terms on which financial assistance will he rendered to China. Melbourne wool market firmer. All round values ½d. per lb. higher than last week. Labour difficulty in Great Britain at last shows signs of diminishing. V.-AT.C. and V.R.C. weights given in sporting column. Australian miners, bound for Klondyke, are arriving at San Francisco. Hobbs, of Liberator Building Society notoriety, has been released from gaol. Germany has obtained important railway concessions from China. Truce proclaimed between Basuto chiefs who were recently fighting. New South Wales Premier thinks Federal Convention proceedings in Melbourne should not occupy more than three weeks. Another 'West Australian loan will be placed on the market during current year, and with anticipated satisfactory results. Stringent legislation against abuses of labour unionism is contemplated by the Ger- man Premier. A bill is before Um French Renato for trat a terring the New Caledonian convict establish- ment to Kergnolun's Land. 8irdar Kitchener his considerably modi- fied restrictions recetit'y placed on w respondents in the Soudan. Wholesale ennfi tcatlon of seal shine on the American-Canadian border bas been molli- fied. Sultan of Turkey not inclined to accept Czar's dictum that Prince George of Greece iuu"t be Governorof Crete. Test cricket match-third day-Australia, first innings, 573; England, first innings, six for 197. New South Wale» Savings Bank limits interest on Friendly ¡Societies doposits to £1.000. Fie+trade v. Protection is likely to bo pn* to the test of a plebiscite in New South Wales The Premier intends to introduce a bill to that effect. Captain Anthon, of tho a a Innaminoka, who recently let, his vesiel drift into difficul- ties, has been fined in costs of inquiry, aud his certificate has been suspended for six months. New South Wales Premier aays he is anxious to keep federation distinct from party politics, and vill therefore not submit Convention Bill to the people until after the coming general elections. THOUGH the interest ia Federation is, no doubt, very great, the only place in which a public meeting; has been held on the subject is Sydney, where last week Messrs. BARTON, O'CONNOR, and LYNE delivered addresses, to an audience which seems to have taken things in a somewhat languid manner. At all eventB, as far as wo can gather from the reports, there was no display of enthusiasm, nor did the speakers, it must be admitted, deliver addresses likely to cause any manifestation of lively interest. They were, in fact, explanatory and apologetic. There was a kind of uncertainty in the statements made, very different from the positive method adopted at ordinary political meetings, while it was admitted that there are many difficulties to be over- come. Perhaps the strongest point made waB by Mr. BARTON, who dwelt at some length on the new developments in China, which must be regarded as a fresh source of danger to these colonies. Ile did not put his case very strongly, not nearly so strongly as he might have put it, for though he spoke of the uncertainty of the position, he did not call atten- tion to " the unrest of the nations," which is one of the remarkable phenomena of the day. That un- rest, so far, has taken the form of a. race for territory, but no one can say when it may break out in another manner, and the stress of military pre- parations prove too great for the tie3 which have held the nations together for the last dozen years. It is true that_ Lord SALISBURY spoke of the Concert of Europe as a guaranty oF peace, but when we remember how difficult an agree- ment was in regard to the Greek trouble, we shall not look upon the Concert as of much use to preserve the peace should ambition lead the way to some new enterprise. We must, then, hold with Mr. BARTON that the events in China indicate that there is a possible danger to these colonies, for whioh, if they have any national wisdom, they should be prepared. As we find urged, once again, in some of the English papers, war must be prepared for in a time of peace, for the «xcelleut reason that in a time of war there is no opportunity to prepare. Indeed, the colonies do not lack advice in regard to defence. They have had the opinions of a number of experts, who are all agreed that the first essential is united action, whilst the pos- sible danger of attack was the motive put forward by Sir HENKT PARKES, when he revived the great question of Federation. The strange part of the business is, that the colonies have not united for defensive purposes before, seeing that there has been nothing t» prevent them, and that there has been even a Federal Council, through which they could have acted if they had chosen. In this respect they do not show the same good sense astheold American colonies, which were able, even when they were separate and antagonistic in several , wipt, to raise aeomawo militia for the 1 general defence. This nas a piece of work in which BENJAMIN FRANKLIN took a prominent part, and the success of which was a remarkable example of the self-reliance and practical good sense of the colonists of those days. It is true that they always had a real danger in the presence of the French on their borders, and, perhaps, it is because these colonies have no real sense of danger that they stand aloof from each other, and cannot bo taught that true defensive action must be, general, since the loss of one colony would mean danger to all. Prudence would seem to show conclusively that whether we bave a complete Federa- tion or not, we should at least agree on a general plan of défonce, but Mr. BARTON assumed, and assumed pro- perly, that defensive action can only be secured by Federation, and so that is one reason why a great deal should be yielded in order to bring Federa- tion about. There can be no doubt about the strength of this argument, though it is one not very creditable to the good sense of the colonies, which should be prepared to do what they are agreed on, and not make that de- pendent on many things about which they are not agreed. In some other respects Mr. BARTON was not quite so happy. He admitted that there are many persons in New South Wales opposed to Federation, unless it is agreed that the Federal Capital shall be in that colony. It was stated that Mr. REID had promised that the capital should be there, but Mr. BARTON put that aside as one among mere election promises, n which Mr. REID is somewhat profuse. The ideal place for a capital, accord- ing to Mr, BARTON, is somewhere in- land, free from all danger of attack, in a cool climate and central for all the colonies. Whether such a place will be found, or being found will be accepted by the colonies as a whole remains to be seen, but there can be no doubt that a strong party in New South Wales will insist that the capital shall be there. This question will not become prominent until the Federal Constitution is put to the vote, when we may expect to hear a great deal about it in both Victoria and New South Wales, but especially in the latter colony, which has long claimed to hare a right to the capital. In truth, as we proceed we catch glimpses of many difficulties likely to arise before Federation be- comes a fact, even if a Constitution is finally adopted, for there are opinions strongly hold which will only become prominent when the Constitution has to be ratified by the people and passed by the Legislatures. Mr. BARTON talked about " the gross outrage on popular liberty," and Mr. O'CONNOR about " the stain on the fair fame of the colony," by raising the number of votes required to ratify the Con- stitution from 50,000 to 80,000, but seeing that there are some 270,000 electors on the rolls the larger number does not seem unreasonable. The warmth with which this change is spoken of indicates that it is regarded as a move of the enemy, though to mere outsiders it does not appear any- thing very terrible. We gather from the speeches that there are many influences at work in New South Wales ' antagonistic to Federation, which do not appear on the surface. In this colony the people Dave shown themselves somewhat in- different, and that is the worst that can be said against them, but there is, evidently, a party in the Parent Colony which is looked upon as dangerous, for which reason we find so many explana- tions that are not required here, or even in Victoria, where the opposition turns rather on the character of the Constitution. In the latter colony we might expect to find a strong antagonism on the ground that intercolonial Free Trade will be injurious, but the only manifesta- tion of that is, a demand that the Stock Tax shall be continued for some years, to prevent the ruin of the farmers. The Protectionists, who would not allow a Border duty to be touched at the present time, are even inclined to calmly accept Free Trade between the colonies as a good thing, but if it is, why not have it at once without wait- ing for what is still very doubtful federal action ? This is another in- consistency, like the want of action in regard to defence, and serves to show how little logic goes to public action. The only reference to the financial difficulty was made by Mr. BARTON, who is in favour of accounts being kept for some years, and the balance of revenue over federul expenses re- turned to each colony. There are grave doubts whether this is a practic- able scheme, since it means the main- tenance of a Customs staff on the borders, which will be a monstrous absurdity wheu there are really no taxes to collect, and, perhaps, an impossibility, as penalties can hardly be imposed for carrying goods across on which there are no duties. THE widespread nature of the bush- fire disaster in this colony, and the way in whioh the like calamity bas spread to the other colonies of the group, should be a very weighty consideration for people who are seeking to ascertain the cause of the «nusual experience. The common experience certainly pointa in most unmistakable fashion to a common origin, an origin which ia probably to be found in «be dry state to which the several countries have bon reduced by the prolonged drought rather than to any careless act of a traveller lighting a fire for cooking purposes, or for warmth at night. The condition which the land, and especially natural bush land, wa* brought into by the total absence of moisture for such a long stretch of con secunve weeks wasnotonlyunusual, but was stich as to specially render it liable t» the quick spread of the ñames, every- thing in the way of usdorgrow th being rendered so moistureless that it in- vited fire from any of the combinations which, under other seasonable in- fluences, it is able to resist. That there are these natural agencies which will canse combustion is allowed by all, so thab ib ia rather a btretch of the pio babilities to suggest that the burnirig off can havo been caused in euch in- stance by human agency rather than by one of the natural agencii's which are together genericully called act of God. it is ai well that the matter should be looked at by the public from this point of view, as it may pre\ ent injustice being done to individuals, through the common and not altogether ?nnatural inclination to sheet home to someone what has been so injurious t» * whola districb. Though, therafor«. tfcenbavenodMht been im «asad* by ignorance or wilful disregard of necessary precaution by travellers, it is folly to assume that because a Ure, and a_ mun, or a party came from the samo direction the one was caused by the other, there being such sound reason for concluding that all the colonies and all the districts have been forced by stress of climatic conditions into a similar slate of peril. One need not, therefore, dotract from the value of tho advice given as to burning-ofl' in dry weather. The fact must, nowover, be faced, the broad conclusion that a state of things liad been come to, and, indeed, still exists, that should lead ppoplo to be prepared for the worst, and to take every precaution for self protection until a change in the weather comes. It is more the general state of the country that has led to the present trouble than any want of human fore' thought, and that is the best way for people, as a rule, to learn to look at the matter. What the Zeehan Herald torms a large order has beon thrust upon the Hon. tho Attornoy-Generol during his recent run through several of the more remote parts of the district he represents in the Bouse of Assembly. Wearing his blushing honours in their newest gloss be has deferentially listened to deputa- tions representing many places and many interests, and has a long list of requirements, some real, some, no doubt, fancied, to lay before his Ministerial colleagues. The Herald says: - "Mr. Urquhart has ex- pressed himself in unmeasured terms regarding the potentialities of the West Coast since seeing the immense bodies of oro exposed at the Colebrook, Rose- bery, Primrose, and other mines out in that centre, and if he can imbuo his colleagues with but half his own en- thusiasm over the prospectivo future of our mineral resources, a great deal of benefit should spring from his visit. . . . A young and vigorous partof the country such as the West Coast is-a ' new Tasmania,' in fact-grows so rapidly that it is simply impossible for any Government to deal with it in a reasonably progressive manner if the members do not come into fre- quent personal contact with the people, and thus get an impar- tial knowledge of how things are going and what is actually required." This is precisely what everybody thinks, even Ministers themselves, but the largeness of the order thrust upon a Minister the moment he makes his appearance in any part of tho island naturally makes each ond every one of them pause before even inferential ly piling; up responsibilities which they know, and which their constituents and the gonoral body of taxpayers should know, cannot be redeemed with- out the consent of Parliament. No doubt, the visit of the Attorney-General to his district will be productive^ of good, but there seems to bo a disposition among residents on the West Coast to imagine that they have only to ask and to bave. This is not, the experience of residents in any other portion of tho island, in fact the majority have become reconciled to a feeling of thankfulness for small mercies. If our West Coast friends can revolutionise^ the present let alone system of administration and spur the sides of Ministers' dull intent, they will work something little short of a miracle. _ IN politics, as ia many other mattera, a great deal depends upon the way in which a particular subject is looked at. One politician will discover that a country is going headlong to ruin, while another will see evidences of properity and wealth of quito an astonishing character. In Victoria there is a cry on the part of some politicians that the country will be ruined if the Stock Tax is repealed, and yet it does not appear that tho breeders of stock are in an exception- ally Qourishing condition, or that tluty are now so well off as they were before the Stock Tax was imposed. In Sydney the other day Mr. Lyne, who is leader of theOpposition,and a rabid Protectionist, announced that the present fiscal policy was the ruin of the country and must be changed, but he did not produce any evidence to support his assertion. We have been looking through the latest volume.published by the Statistician, and we are unable to discover any signs of decay, but, on the contrary, a great many signs of pro- gress, ii,ven the tables of trades and manufactures, which are often scanned to prove that Free Trade is fatal to industries, show a fair increase, and demonstrate that industries flourish in New South Wales quite as well as in Victoria, nor do they appear to have diminished since the policy of Free Trade has been carried out. We know that Mr. Reid has been accused of hav- ing falsified his figures in regard to the revenue, but such accusations as these are very common, and in this instance they are not sustained by evidence which carries conviction to the mind of anyone'who was not convinced before. If wo turn to agriculture we find remarkable pro- gress, such progress as is just on the point of rendering the colony able to supply its population with all the wheat that is required. In 1895 the wheat crop amounted to over 7,000,000 bushels, as compared .vith 2,733,000 in 188G, and the lund under wheat had increased from 264,867 acres to 647,483 acres. This does not show that Free Trade is killing agriculture, while in Victoria the farmers are crying out loudly, although they have Protection, and the Government is constantly trying new experiments to assist them. If we turn to shipping we find a con- trast between New South Wales und Victoria which is very remarkable, and which is becoming more striking year by year. Besides all this, visitors aro loud in their praises of the cheapness of living in that_ colony, which means much to the working-classes. To *'MmtouRY" HDBSCSIBERS. - Sub ?oribers to The Mermry are reminded of the due date for teoeiviag advance «ueecriplioni, vii., Friday, tun !¿Ui in»«., after which , dale subscribers wW bo charge! the credit rate. ENGLISH MAILS.-The homeward bound mail« which lett TasWaia on the Kith ultimo arrived iii Loudon on the 1Mb te- nant per R.M.H. Australis. They were due on the 18th idem. UBLAT&D; CABLKGRAMS -There wa« Mme delay ye»terdi.y Afternoon in the trans million of cabio mrss»gM from the main- land, owlog to loKirruptino on the line. Tim FBDRKAL COKVHNTIO!».-The Chief Seoretsry (Hon. W. Moore) left Hobart yetterday te attend the meeting of th« Federal Convention to he held at Melbourne. The Premier (Mir Kdward Braddon) will leave Launorston fur Melbou-n» on Wednes- day. OBITOAR,»,-Th* many friend« of Mr». Mary Frances Conk, wife of Mr. Beary Cook, Elizabeth street, and Bay View, Bellerive, will regret, to leam that «he died In a very unexpected manner yesterday, her sudden demise beim; due to painful interns! oomplicatloD*. Mis Cook, who wa« in her 38th year, had b and was about to onrl-t^n t, inrgloal opera- tion, the réunit of wtl li w»s expected to be very favoBrnb'e. Shu was an estimable »oni»D, acd had » Urgf circle of friead«, as well k« belog mîr.t'A .-? Koorali prominent und »aieemtd cU.a<" * oí Hobart. SruciAL PTKAMRH* mit MACQUAMB HAU BOC»-ifa« p»tac-j.pl-. ?!? published yeater day, clipped lion? / ?> Mount Lyell 8tandird, oenoetniog th« pt« ,><.'-1 e*t&bl;{ new line of r.Uamo-s" in» vonn Killy'» Basla ibd Mi-lhoorn», v;" ¡nrnrrsot to tho ox teat of giving the to-nm; " t,t the vesifle »t 120 iftcis lostesd ai 1,2 tO ens. The Mining Journal, publlehri] .'r. '.ondon under date Novernbet 1H, rr.lo ? t, ihe subject. An oxtrhot appears In < r.. -ulning columna this -lay. N'ATtJP.Ü PR'.' rt " 'v. to«, - RAKSAFRAS Tom« ii timons (hr I-IM \,n.\\. It promote« kpprrtt«. tllpt'Flltin, \ irme« the Kjslom urcfif-riTly, Jt,Í«iln\fi-n *>*> If y«u feel rundown, try ñ hou}». OIIP jr f Vv" luvt I* what weaalc Ai* fur MOULT»'1' tv*** ? VIMS Towra, in, M. per i »tHllr.; !l battliv, 7- 7i. T. Boom * Co, , Tïomawptitjiiy Ciicm*»*; 7«. EllmbellwtiBeí. JjoVwrt. "ÍTatyp» Anen*yp*«« 00 H Um TASMANIAN JCVKNII.E INUDSTKIAI. r>xin- j IiITION. -Iho opening of tim Ta»n,f..u>n Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at the Alb rt- I ball, Launceston, takes piuco to morro».. A : prooesBlen of Friendly äociotioe will march from Marlcct- Fquaro nt half-pant 1 to 'lumar Btreet. L1ÍH Kxcollenoy the Qovernoi v ill roach the Albert-lull at 3.55 p.m., when " Tho Quoeii " will ho reuderod hy the | Exhibition orohestra. invited yuost'i will be admitted by the Tamar-ntrcot eut nineo between 2110 and 3,30. Season tioltut ! holders and representatives of the Friendly Societies will be admitted to the ga'letiea between 3 and 3.40 at tho üimitiere-etreet I entrance. When tho Governor is heated the whole assemblage will sing til» " Old hundredth" psalm. Mr. S. J. Sutton, chairman of the executive committee, will afterwards proaont an addroas to Hi» I x cull'nuy. The ohoir mid orchestra »ill then render " Kulo Britannia," after which the Governor will roply to the addraaa. Jaek ann'd Te Daum will noxt be sung hy tho ohoir. This will be followed by the ovei ture to "Crown Diamonds," performed *hv the orche«»* ; the " Hallelujah Chornr," hy ohoir and orobostra; and the National Anthem by all pn-e-nt. Special fni-il itli-H for travelling by rall from Hobart ami other Southern stations are announced. All tickets will be availablo for the le-turu journey tor 7 day« from dato of ienu», in- cluding Sunday, but passengers cannot hretik their jnurnoy at auy other station than Launceston, Tun THIUD TEST MATCH;.-Resulto of the third day's play in tho test um oh at Adelaide were again anxiously .»»»itcd yesterday afternoon by lo-ors o' the noble Rimo in Hobart, tho rendezvous being, of courte, outside The Mercury otilan, where progresa reporta were immediately posted upon rcoeipt of cables from Adelaide It was generally hoped that the ColcioialB would boat the reoord total of 580 mude in test matches; buttheaniral of newBilid not sustain the hupp, foritshowod that tho Aus- tralians wero all out for 573,' Howell, the last man, having made 16. He and Trunihlc pat on 21 run« in 8 minute«, a bit of i ipld run-getting. Howtho hngllehmeu woul'i (no withthebatwastheuextoouslderation. "Well, they've had a day's flood reBt, aed ought to be freBh enough to nniko a big score," waa the remark of ODO bystander, who never fails to put in an appearance wheo test matches uro on. Later on the hoard WUB visitod by mony ptople, auj nt one time there wero reproiientod tho Churoh, the Stage, ami the Dar, a combination whiali did not fail to aticiot attention, pirtluu larly as it was afterwards followod hy polico representation in the person of I ho City. Superintendent, who is a kocn *up porter of the game. Oca enthusiast spoke regretfully at Tasmania not going to bo favonred with a visit from the Kngli'limeii, aud to show how he felt on tbe matter lia expre««od the opiuiou that euah a visit wonld "liven Hobart up for nix montha and bring hundreds and thousands ot people io the place." Another referred to the Federation Convention, giving vent to hi« feelings by romarklpg, "I BOO our Federation gent« are off for a another plo- ma They're all right ; they'll oee the fourth match ut Melbourne." A troon of youngiera mude tht-Ir appearance »hurtly after 4 o'ulouk, and reminded on« that sahooi waa out, and to them fur-tier news was of the greatest valoc. At half-past 4 the first uoconnt of tim Englioh- j mcn'B inoinqs was rooeived-" MBHOD, b Jones, II; Kunji, o Moble, b Trtimble, 6; Maclaren, not out, 13. Two for 30." How this news nulled the crowd YM amply demonstralod by the opplauso wbieli wai given when it wau aunounoed, and a oouple of tho small fry, who h^d taken the precaution to get wo'l to ibn front, almost gavo a breakdown. With two good bats liku Mason and Banji dismissed, the probabilities of England making a heavy total were not reckoued favouraHo, and there were those who prophesied 3UU ruue as the most the old country representatives would make, There was a continu»! stream of cornera and goers, all ready with the one question, "Any moro run?«?" to which tho reply iovarj&bly; was " not yet," Those who had piont y of time at their disposal waited for the third message, whioh was as follows : - " MoLarec, b Howoll, 15 ; Storer, b fjgwcll, 4 ; Eb.yward, m>t out, 32 ; Druoo, not out), 10 ; four for 88." " líxcolloat for. Australia ! " W»B tho general cry, and when the fourth message carne-" Óruce, o Darling, b Noble, 23; Hayward, not out, '44 ; HirsV, nob out, 1. Five for 107 "-it was predioted that England would have all their work out out to reaoh 250\. " Wonder if there are any cracks in the wicket?" sarcfutically inquired ou« ff the sightseers. ''No, tht-y aro all in the bowl- ing," wag tho quick answer, ond to this the majority ugrcetl. At 8 o'clock it wa« known that England had improved her position by increasing tho total to 197 for six wickets, Hirst and Stoddart being tho not-outs. Up till 10 o'clock last night many, hoping for more new, waited outside the onion, but ?ix wickets for 197 waa the. latent we received. Tho fînglinhmen are still 376 runs behind, and 'require to make 250 in order to save the followon. WILLIAMSON' AND MOSOUOVB'S OPWIATIO COMPANY.-Mr. Harold Ashton, represent- ing Messrs. Williamson & Mnsgrove, will probably arrive in Hobart to-night to niiko preliminary arrangements for tho appear- ance of an exceptionally talented Operatic Concert Company, who will sing selections from the Grin's different opsrae, Amonunt the artists are Mr. Beery Brsoy, Mr. Joliu Peachy (tho firm's latest English baritone), Mr. Fat Uathurst, Miss Frances Adler, Miss Ueaoh (a splendid contralto), and snvoral others. Herr Benno Sohorek, the brilliant pianict, will also bo in tho acmpany. (hoy will play 10 nights in Hobart, ooininencing from January 20, uud during the soason «ill give three national nights-English, Irish, and Sootoh. LUM ARK'S ENTERTAINMENT,-Tho variod programme presented at tho Temperance hall by Col. Lumare's Cinematograph« and Variety Co. continues to draw satisfactory attendancss. There wai a good housn hist night, and the severut ¡toma reoeived appro, oiatlve recognition. To-night is announced as the last performance. CONCERT AT MONTVILLE.-A concert will be given at the Town-hall, Pontville, to- morrow evening, by some ladles and gent.lu men of the district, assisted by other« from Hobart, io aid of the Fire Relief Furn!. HIBERNIAN-AUSTRALASIAN BENKFIT HO CIKTV.-A eoolal entertainment and a ttam in aid of the sufferers by the recen I bush fires will bo givou by tho Hfbt-rnun Australasian Cathnlic Bsnifit Society at thu Temperance-hall, Molvlllo-atreet, to-morrow evenirig. HOBART PROSPECTING ASSOCIATION. - Shares in this as»oui ition bave bceu nmrly all taken up, and us toon as a'survey ptrty commences cutting the proposed traok from Tyenna to Port Davny a party of proBpi-clor« »ill follow, exploring tho country as thoy set and using tho line as a means of main taining thoir supplies, There is oveiy pro bability of tho most satisfactory resulti speedily accruing. VISITORS' TRU'S.-The oommodlou« chan- nel steamer Huun ruoa two trips to Brown's River to-morrow, the first in the morning, and the other in the afternoon. The Huon alto is announced to make an exoursion to the Hoon River and Franklin OB Thursday morning. Creux« CABNIVAL.-The preparation« far the Cycling Carnival in aid of the fire »»lief fond aro fast ipproschlng completion. The Tasmanian Cycling dab deserve a W«o attendance at the upper cricket ground to- morrow afternoon. The Garrison Band baa been engaged, and the oommittee ask the H.T.C. A. s eaton ticket-bolder« Co foiego their privilege of using their ticket« en thia .OOMÍCD. KOORT DUNDAS RAILWAT COMPANY.-. The annual meeting of the Monnt Dnnd«« and Zeehan Railway Company will bo held at tha office, Melboarae, en the Slat Inst. COOKBD nr THE How.-Mr. H. Walter, Wattie Grove, bo* sent ni some «ample« of plan» and apple« very badly tiarot by the .n«u Tbe plums pivwnt the appearanoe of having boen fairly cooked, whilst parts of tbe apple« have boen quit« barst away, Sample« have been exhibited la town of apple« which have been very moon more roasted npihe Der- went Valley, eepeoially in the neighbourhood of Glenorohy and New Norfolk, whuVt Mr, W. J. Mcwilliam« has brought to The Mercury office «oma young walont« quit' frizzled np on one side. Mr. Walter esti- mate» that one-third of the appin orop In his district ha« been tpollt in this manner, whilst all the «mall ti uh« have been «Initially damaged. In some localities, unfortunately, moro like (hree-fourthi of the fralt erupa have been ruined. PllOFITABLK KMftOYMBNT.-Hwt Ä Oo. recommend overynno to be on the alert for thoir Great Pair which commencos'en Thurs- day morning next, whore somo most wonder fnl bargains will be seen. No pains aro being «pared to make this tho topic of 1898 In the soft coori* Uno. Tho entlro «tan? havo been busily engnnod since January 8 pre- paring for this grand ovent, and tbore will be «ora« joyful surprises on the opening day, when a perfect harvest of bargain« will be arrayed for ¡the inspection of buyer«, and wo particularly wish to Impreca the pnblio that everything at our Fair ia rednced fren« a yard of calico to a Broswls carpet. ihnjj*afc*4tot\ . . | CITÏ POLICE COURT.-The Mayor (Alder mau O. Hiddlcatone) and Aldormaa Bradloy, J.P., adjudicated at the City Polloe Court yoBtorday, Alfred Woods, employed at a cordial factory, waB fined 5s. or 24 hours for disturbing the peace in Liverpool-street on the 10th icst. An old woman named EHcabeth Robinson was charged with boiug an idle aud disorderly person in being found in an tiuilosctl yard on tho premises of Alfred Andrews at Hobart on the 16th ¡net, fjr no. unlawful purpose. Sho plo.idtd uot guilty, Alfred Androwp, butcher, d'jposcd to finding accused in his yard between 3 aud 4 u.tn. on tho lGtli ¡nat. She had no right to bo there. A bundle, in which were some of wltnoee' garments, wna found in her possession. Constable Ward deposed to taking scouted into custody. Ile let her off on a similar charge the other morning. Aooused, in defence, «aid sho went into the yard whilst under the io Quenco of drink, and had no intention of Mealing auythiug. The Bench found the charge proven, and imposed ,i ..entcnoe o.f 14 days, with tho view of defendant being ndn.ittod into the New Town Charitable Iustltution. Thomas Bate«, wharf laboaror, was flood 5?., or 24 hours, for improper behaviour in Unhurst-strret on the 10th inst. * PROMPT POKER EXERCISE.-At 3.15 p.m. yesterday Police Constablo Hursey, who resides in Upper Macquaric-street, whilst preparing to go on duty, was informed that his services wore required further along. He proceeded up the street and met a notorious thief named Harrington, bleeding from the side oi the head, The housemaid at Mr. S. El. Wills' rcsidnnoo informed the poliocman that Harrington had boen tbrough the house and appropriated an overcoat, and as bo was leaving sho struok him on tho hoad with a poker, oauuing blood to flow rather freely, aud the man to quiokly lose his hold of the coat. Constable Hursey arrested tho man on the charge of laroony. Harrington, who always gives a deal of trouble to the arresting constable, went as quietly as a lamb this time, the blow having protty well staggered him. He bas served several sentences for larceny, and has only lccently been discharged after doing nine months. The wound on his hoad did not roqniro dressing. He will appear at the Police Court this morning. The police say he is one of the boldest thioveBin Hobart. TASMANIAN GI.KANKIIS' UNION. - The annual meetings of th« Tasmanian Gleaner«' Union will be held on Thuroday next in the Synod-hall, Hurrington-jtreet, at 4 p.m. and 7 p.m. The He v. J. W. H. Geis«, M.A., will presido in the afternoon, and the Rev. Canon Bau Its Smith in the evening. Both meetings will headdroseod by a speolal deputation from the Church Missionary Association, Victoria and Tasmania. A collection will be made for the local missionary fund. CAMPBELL-STREET MISSION CHURCH.-A fair will bs hold to-day in St. David's schoolroom, Harrington-street, in aid of discharging the debt due on tho Campbell etreet Mission Church. A number of stalle of various kinds will be contacted, and many sources of amusement will he pro- vided. Tho fair will be opened at 3 o'clock by tho Very Rev. Dean Kite. In the even- ing a concert, under the direction of Mr. A. Mcintyre, will bo given. KINGSTON.-A service of song was given in the Wesleyan Church last Sunday even- ing on behalf of tho soffircrs by the recent bush urea. In tho absence of the Ker, Taylor, Mr. Kirby presided. The little edifice was crowded by 8 o'clock. The local friends and visitors to the boach did their best to make up the programme. After praise and prayer, Mr. L. Sutton, of Launceston, a promising musician, opened with an organ solo. Miss Annoar, of LaunoostoD, sang very sweetly, ."Lord remember Davit)," and also contributed several organ itolot>, whiob were roaoh appreciated, Mie« Androws, of Hobart, gwo two suitable recitation« in splendid style. Mr. Luoas and party gavo a quartet, "Tho Better iand," Misa William», of Sandy Bay, sang very «weotly the " Singer and the song." Mr. Miller, of Sandy Bay, contributed a suitable tong, and Miss Anncar and Mr. Kirby Bang a dnet. Several choruses were given by the ohoir, and a very pleasant hour wa« spont, The collection, amounting to £'.i 10a. Cd., will be handed, over to the Mayor's Fire Belief Fond, A BOLT.-At 11 a.m. yeetorday a horse harnessed to a cart owned by Mesar«, T, J. Cauo * Co., Elizabeth-street, bolted from the lane of the premisos, and on reaohing Bathurst-street brought the, vehiole in oorJ taot with a telegraph post, overturning it. Tbe liol se wa« then secured. The driver, Goo. Allcook, was close by at work when tbe horse bolted. TUB NEW ZBALAND BOWLER.-Tho Mel- bourne correspondent of the Otago Baily Times writes indignantly of the treatment which has beon accorded to Fisher, tho Dunedin bowler, in Viotoria. Fisher, it will be remembered, wa« invited over to Australia by the Melbourne Cricket Club on the strength of the reports on hi« bowling of the member« of the last Aus- tralian team which visited New Zealand. The province had suffered the los« of «Bveral of ita best bowlers, and thoM.C.C. evidently thought that if Fisher proved good enough on Australian wiokete to add to Victoria's bowling strength tboy ooald arrange for bl« permanent stay in tho colony. Major War uill held out a possibility of Fisher being »elected to play ia one of the test matches, if be ahowod oucb form as wonltl justify his inclusion in an Australian team, bnt moat New Zealand cricketers regarded this possibility as exceedingly remote, and tho general opinion waa that the left-hander was to ho tried for the purpose of playing him in intorooloniai matchee, It subsequently appeared that one, if not two, of the othor colonies, would hare objected if he hnd been picked for the Victorian team, although the regulations as to the necessary term of residence hail been waived in the case of other player« on former oooasions. BBITISII TRAUE v. BBITISH SPOUT.-At the monthly meeting of tho Walsall Chamber of Commerce mattera wero touohed upon which are worthy the seriou« attention of Australian politicians. Mr. Shaw «poko of the deoadenae of British trade, and «aid that the result of the Manohostor Commis- sioners' visit to tho tcohnioal schools of tho Continent had olearly Bhown a moat serious state of'thinga, and ona which the working- ton ought to have olearly brought before them. Tho Commissioners stated that while English people thought they knew all about eleotriual enginooriuii, this visit proved that they did not do anything of tho sort. Fifty of the finest electrical stations in the world hud beon visited, and, with ono exception, their machinery had been supplied by Con- tinental firmr, whose work waa much superior to that of English firms. Ono of tho Commissioners had vlsitod tbe «arno towna 20 years ago, and bis ao count of the progress made showed that it waa quite time the eyes of British workmen «hould bo opened, and the idea abandoned bv them that no one but the English oould build maohinery. It was impossible to reud this report without being oonvinced that they wero seriously menaced by their German competitors, The whole secret of the success of continental engineers wa« stilted to lie in tbe fact that for many year« their children hld received the best technical instruction possible. Their system of work was far «head of anything England had ; the shops were clean, the discipline .xcellent, and production cheaper. The foreigner bad, moreover, not only antici- pated Bogland in education, but alio in the preparation of men oompetent to teaeh the snbjeot« practloally, in the workshop. It wa« a lamentable fact that thoae for whom teohnloal ednoation wa« provided in England did not take advantago of it. Moat young men were devoted to game«, and took but little intereat in thoae thing« that affected their livelihood. fr For one useful and in «truotive journal whioh was sold, there were thnosands of sporting and other paper«, whioh were »nly harmfal. The doty of the Chamber was to rouse th« people from their position, and to bring before workmen the necessity «f preserving trade and of pro. vldlng against this real danger to their industrie«. MlMmo MAOKTINSM - Wilson Barrett hopes in . little while to completely metamorphose stage production. To au in tervlrwe¿-he «aid;-"lu 1899 I revisit Amerloa, whero I am now going partly in connection with a «eherne by a friend of mine, Mr. Oscar W, Bogen, for a revolu- tionary development of electricity. Edison and Teiler are aware of the possibility ; know that the ' discovery may come in u miaute, or never. I am deeply interested in the experiment« of my Irientle, hut more particularly conoerned with re- spect to the theatre. For years I have thought of a revolving etago that would carry four set scenes. The thing bocomee possible-its operation, but specially Its lighting, with the aid of magnetism con trolled. Ho much for set soenos. but ' cloths ' would bo prnjooted on to a «oreen by an apparatus which would be fixed ii. every theatre of importance. Think ot the I touring manager who »ont from town to town with no moro scenery than a pockeifu' i of photographs. And think of the theatre I ' which eonld be lighted and warrasd to a , nicety by a man sitting .at a piano and i playing on its key«. Sound« like a < romano«, doe« It not 1 Bat it I« not beyond j ?MMWBMO ätjtMMt, I Ulhne." 1 