THE FIFTIETH TEST MATCH. ENGLISHMEN'S SECOND INNINGS. 271 FOR 7 WICKETS. INTERESTING STAGE OF THE GAME. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) The weather was still smoky and [?] from the innumerable bushfires surrounding the city, although slight [?] of wind from the south somewhat molli fied the sweltering heat that, nevertheless, did not prevent a largo Attendance. Lord Rra*sey and a large party from Government Home were in attend ance. Briggs, the not out man from the day beta’*, wan joined by M'Laren; Trott bowling from the pavilion end, while Jones continued from the railway end. Play was slow and steady for a while, although M'Laren gave a chance to Kelly before he sacred, and Another to Trnmble when C3 was noted on the board; Briggs sent one to DArling at short leg from Howell, who had replaced Trott, and it was carefully held. 2-23-03. Ranjitsiobji, who was loudly ch»*'ed, then joined M'Laren. and made several fours eff Jone*, who was relieved by Trumble at 7S. Mo special feature wis noticeable in the play for some time, exoept that several sundries, including a ciuple of leg byes in Howell's overs, were scored up. At 87 Trumble np pealed vainly against M'Laren for teg before. The next few balls fairly puzzled M'Laren, who struck Che fifth of a capital over into Iredale’s bands at short leg. fr-45—01. Hayward and Ranji then became partners, and during the few minutes b-fore lunch only 7 more runs were added to the soore, 2 of which were con tributed by Hayward. • After lunch Trumble down a maiden, but in his next over Ranji put him away cleverly to leg for 3. Howell w*g smitten to the fence by him In the next over. A cut from Hay ward that looked like 4 was cleverly stopped In midfield by Gregory* while Trott' at point stopped a stinging one from Hayward, uat ji continued to score in singles and doubles until 122 was hoisted, when Noble replaced Howell and howled a maiden to Hayward. In his next over* however, Ranji pulled him over to square leg for-a fourer* followed by a 2. At 129 Hayward's score being 9, Hill got a difficult chance off Crumble from Hayward* but dropped it. nayward'a object was evidently to keep his wicket up while Ranji played h.voc with the bowlers with some of his noted wrist pl*y. He was. however, chary of Noble, who, shortly after h% f-past 8, bowled Ranji clean amid loud cheers. 4—55—147. The KtgiUh captain then joined Hayward* who evidently tnmight it necessary to open out a little, and sent Trumble awav for 3, making the shore 150 Hi* stay was, however, but short after thi9, a9 Trumble cleverly oiugnt one of hislown* thus ter minating what had been a most usrful Inniugs. 5 25-157. Druas took Hayward's pUoe And played out as usual* bis advent o til-dog a change In the bowling* since at 166 Trott relieved Noble, but from the Vio torian captain's first ball Druce soared a single, and then followed np with a couple. Another 8 was posted, making the total 174, when the 4 o'clock ad journment was called. Play was quiet, runs coming out slowly until 192 was hoisted, when Druce seut one of Trotfc’a to Howell, and retired. 6—16—192. Stoddart, who had then put up 19, played care fully* nut at 209 was bowled by Jvnes with a olever one, 7—25—209. Storer became Mason's partner* and play was slow. Trumble fumbled one eent by Mason to him off Jones. This mishap was followed by Ho well missing a comparatively ea«y one from tf&9oa when the Utter had scored a dozen. A feature in the day's play was the unusual number of euudrUa, can*Uli<>g of byes* leg-byes, one wide to Jones. a»>d a no-ball to Noble. Howell took the ball (ram Jones at 235, but after M»*on soored a single atorer made four rff tbs last ball of the over M'Leod then relieved Noble and was punished for 2by Maeon. Howell and M'Leod then bowled a maiden each* when time was oalied at 254. The attendance numbered 6619 who paid for ad mission, and 5361 in Hie reserves; total, 11,979. The receipts ware £46-1 17s od. THB BCOBBS. AUSTRALIA. First Innings _ - ~ - 323 ENGLAND. First Inalogs ** -.174 Seoond Innings. Walnwrlght, o M'Leod, b Jones— -2 Brings, a Darling, b Howell _ - 23 M'Daren, o Iredaie, b Trumble- .. -4$ Rat'jUfllnhjl, b Noble .. .. .. - 65 Ha) ward, u and b Trumble .. .. »•' 25 Stoddart* b Jones .. .. 25 Druoe* o Howell, b Trott •» 16 Mason, not out .. .. -.25 Storer, notout •• .. .. ~ 24 Sundries .. 14 Seven (or .. •• •• 264 Bowling— Howell, 1 for 52; Jone*, 2 for 7*l; Noble. 1 for 31; Trott, 1 for 39; Trumble* 2 for 40; M'ueod* 0 for 8. 