From tlx Gap metropolis Our Governor, whom you will see in Adelaide for a day on his way to England, leaves Melbourne next month. His Ex. will have a look, at his station—Gobluf, near Albany—and intends to stay there for a week. Lord Richard Neville is not going to London, and no one is surprised that he does not want to meet Brother William, who is totally unlike the steady going Private Secretary of Lord Brassey. Lord Richard, after saying good-bye to Lord and Lady Brassey at Albany, returns for a tour through Queensland and N.S.W. until the Governor's return in October. Whom will Lord Brassey bring back as niembers of his staff during the remainder of his term of office in Victoria ? His Ex. should really ask the two titled youths (whoever they may be) for personal references from their d clergyman. One of the recently-departed staff 1 was a very rapid youth, but there was not a society girl who would have refused him had he proposed to her, for the title alone is worth having. David Syme's eldest daughter was married to Mr. W. G. Macalister, of Mogong Station, N.S.W., on Wednesday, 9th inst. The great autocrat gave his daughter away. She looked very pretty in a square trained white satin duchesse gown, trimmed with orange blossom. " Blythswood," the Syrnes' residence at Kew, was magnificently decorated throughout, and wedding tea was served in a marquee on the lawn. Miss Sylvia Madden, second daughter of the Chief Justice of Victoria, who is returning with Lady Madden from a European trip, has become engaged to an Englishman—Mr. Clement Vallange, of Brackley Lodge, Northamptonshire. The bride elect is a pretty blonde, and, like her sister Daisy, is just the ideal girl of Sir John Madden. He believes the duty of women is to be nice, pretty, gentle, and not too athletic. Miss Sylvia Madden learnt to cycle while in London, and is therefore considered the strong girl of the family. Sir John said some time ago that, as one of his daughters rode a bicycle, it was possible that he might do so, too. One cannot imagine our well-barbered and well-tailored Sir John perspiring on a bicycle, or think of him in a Norfolk suit and loud-checked cycle stockings. No one has ever seen Sir John in any other headgear than a top hat, but no doubt a cloth cap will suit him, for he is a handsome man. He ought to look well in a cycle suit, for we have often seen him in a Windsor uniform, and know how very shapely are the black silk stockings necessarily worn with knee breeches. Edith Sutton, daughter of Argus Accountant Sutton, has at last got a show to make a name on the stage. She began as a super in " The Sign of the Gross," and has been " walking on" in various other of the Firm's productions. Now she is understudy to the " Two Little Vagabonds," Miss Florence Terriss and Miss Lily Titheradge, and goes with the company to New Zealand. Edith Sutton and Lily Titheradge are both fair, plump, and almost the same height. Monsignor O'Hea, Miss Sutton's uncle, was said to be displeased at his niece going on the stage, but she has talent, ambition, and is not afraid of hard work, and has always had a wish for the footlights. She is a typical smart Melbourne girl with a very fetching style. Still another tearoom has been opened in Collins- street, the only novelty about it being that refreshments can be had until four o'clock on Saturday afternoon. The other places close with a bang at 2 p.m. on Saturday, and the belated customer has to be careful that she is not caught in the door frame. There is a story that during the Cup carnival a well-dressed girl, who had barely time to finish her cup of tea and pie before 2 o'clock, had a yard or so of her silk dress caught in the door as an impatient waitress slammed it after her. It was too long to wait till Monday morning for release, and the imprisoned beauty had to borrow a penknife from a passing man to cut her dress away. There have been bush-fires at Lome, that popular seaside township, which so many Adelaide people, visit. Several cricketers, Mr. Clarence Moody, of Adelaide, and that eminent person, " Observer," of the Argus have had to turn themselves into fire-fighters. In a cottage, during a fire last week, several ladies were in danger. Needless to say, the gallant men rushed the building in a solid square, and rescued beauty in distress. Poor Madame Albani will be rushed by society people, and if they rush her concerts the same fashion, the season should be a big financial success. Fancy talking to a vocalist who has been at Windsor Castle, don't you know, and sung many times to Her Majesty ! Madame's concert dresses will be worth copying, and her street costumes will give us ideas of winter fashions. Furs are to be on everything, and so we shall see the diva's sables and chinchillas later on. No one but a salamander could wear fur this weather. A winter show at a Bourke-street shop this week positively made one feel apopletic. Ferntree Gully, about twenty miles from Melbourne, was to have been visited for a picnic at which the Coiiventionites were to be entertained, but a bush-fire has partly destroyed the beautiful glades and so the picnic is off'. Instead we are threatened with another Parliamentary garden party. Ferntree Gully is the place where a man used to drive his best girl on Sunday. Now he goes with her on a bicycle. As the country is hilly there are heaps of opportunities of walking unless the young lady takes cycling seriously and insists on proving herself an accomplished hillclimber. Frank Nankivell, the clever young Victorian who has been visiting his people, goes back to America this week to his place on the Puck staff. Though so talented an artist he is a good boy, and refused an offer from a local paper to sketch the ruins of the recent fire, because the following day was Sunday, and one of his relatives objected to his working on that day. The "young man" witness in a recent divorce case, who did not want his name published, is a well-known society youth who ornaments Collins-street in startling and magnificent clothes, and likes to walk about with smartlydressed girls. To be seen driving with him is quite sufficient proof that a lady is perfectly upto-date and a smart dresser. And she is generally very pretty. 