TIE GIPPSL-LND BUSH FIEES. THE MAYOR'S FUND. The town clerk (Mr.'W. Honeybone), on behalf of the mayor of Bendigo, acknowledge; with thanks receipt of the following addi tional donations St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, £5; Messrs. .London and Turner, £1 Is; Victoria Consols company, per Mr. 0. Schaefer, £1 15s Gd ; " Sympathy," 5s ; New Yiqtoria Catherine, per Mr. W. H. Clarke, 14=; New Chum Victoria, par Mr. W. Grigg, 11>: Mr. W. T. M'llroy, Kalgoorlie, W.A., £1. The last mentioned_gentIenian, who is a son o£ }Ir. J. S. M'llroy, superintendent of the Benevo lent Asylum, and who is now living in We=; Australia, thoughtfully forwarded a post, oiiite order for 20s toward thaJfund, and it has been suggested that other ruling Victorians who have been successful itf 'fie Land of the Swan might follow his laudable- example. THE CASTLE M ATX E FUKD. Our Castlemaine correspondent reports that a meeting of the committee appointed to raise funds for the Gippsland bush fires relief fund was held last-.night! The secretary reported that he had received £56 I3s 4d. He had sent £51 on to Melbourne, and had £5 13s 4d in hand; The lists are to .be"left open for further contributions. >• - ••• TWO TOWNSHIPS ATTACKED. . : Melbourne, Sth February. The township of 'Foster has been attacked by a disastrous bush-fire, which, aided by a strong north wind, bore down on the township to-day with great- rapidity. The Wesley an Church and the Church of "-England . were the' first to go, and then dwelling hbuses ; were attacked. The residents fled for 'their7 lives, and took rough shelter m gravel pits. The fire is still burning, and the es t iro at e tLe x t en tof the damage cannot at present be ascertained,as an the roao? are blocked, and the smoke. is very thick. The township of Jumbunna is threatened with destruction from the bush fires, which are burning fiercely on two sides of the place. On the outskirts "the ""dwellings of 15 miners have been destroyed, and the families sought shelter in the coal mine. ■ < 