CORRESPONDENCE. ONKAPARLNGA RATEPAYERS' MEETING. Sir,—At the meeting of ratepayers at Woodside on Saturday evening last Mr. R. Caldwell was un nece-sarfly harsh ia his condemnation of the council and their actions, or what he described as their actions, when moling (in his roundabout way) his motion .of censure, and although he did suggest a sort of remedy to alter things in general and to relieve the Oakbank Ward in particular from the burden of its debt for a time he utterly tailed to suggest anything that would permanently have that effect, notwith standing that he ha '■ the intelligence arrayed with all its glory and loveliuesa upon his ride. Now, I sub mit without boasting that I did propose a remedy— and the ooly one that would be permanent—vis., consolidation. The Oakbank Ward is situated in a very awkward position. To begin with, it has now a debt of £187. For many years it has had a very heavy burden to bear in that respect, although not so heavy by any means as now; it alto has a laTge amount of traffic, a great number of roads to keep in repair, is situated ia tbe striagy-bark country (where nearly every year bushfires prevail, destroying bridges, culverts, &c.;). and last, but by no means least, it has a very small amount of rates to spend—only £95 >6s^ the smallest rate of any of the wards in the district ; Now, I contend that sooner or later my Bcbeme mast : obtain, or Oakbank Ward will not and cannot get out I of debt, and if it were to do so it could not keep oat, ! because its income is totally inadequate to meet its | necessary expenditure. The absurdity of tbe ward system mast present itself to every ratepayer who thinks the m&Uer.out.; Take the ward in question. It beins the nearest to the city the balk of tbe traffic fro in other portions of the district naturally goes through it, and, that beiog the case, - such a ward instead of having the least amount of rates to spend should have the most. As fir as the funds of the | district are concerned, it seems to me that they are virtually consolidated now, for althoagh two of the waids have credit-balances they are only such on paper, having either been spent or have gone to iiquidate the bank overdraft 1 am qalte sure in my own mind that nothing but consolidation pore and simple will make the district a saccess as far as road construction and muntenince is concerned. Sir, &c.;, GEORGE MONKS. Forest Range, August 10. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—I beg a little apace ia your valuable paper for some explanations relating to matters which cropped up at the meeting of ratepayers on Saturday night la:t- In the first place there was only about one-fifth of the ratepayers present, and out of that number it was quite clear that the prime mover had t..ken precaution to have a sufficient backing to carry any motion that he had stewed up The accusation levelled against the council was that the ward balances wsre not Is a satisfactory con dition. In your excellent report of the previous meeting which appeared in the Cauritr of July 1 the ward balances were given as followsBalhannah Ward, credit £17i Charleston Ward, credit £11; Lobe thai Ward, credit £113; Oakbauk Ward, debit £118; aud Woodside, debit £1.0. Those given on Saturday were entirely different, and the ratepayers were made to believe that Woodside Ward ins over £70 in debt on Jane 80,1898.' I have called on the clerk since, and be gives me the balance of Woodside Ward on June 90,1893, as £96 debit. Of course til® great trouble was the large debit-balance of the Oak bauk Ward and the great credlt*t>alance of Lobetbal Ward, and notwithstanding the very able and dear way in which the chairman explained matters the meeting had the bad taste, on the motion of Mr. Cald well, to pass a vote of censure on the chairman and the late council. As I pointed out at the meeting, Oakbauk Ward was nearly £100 In debt before the present chairman took office, and yet the blame was all thrown on the men who sat for the past yean And then, again, Mr/Caldwell was unfair and incon sistent in slating the council for discharging per manent daymen and then advocating contract work, but when elections are getting near of course some Ms P. must icy to please the majority. Then, again, lite Chairman Topbam, in reply to bis having drawn two subsidies in one ye.x, posed as a philanthropist making the people believe that the closed bank had the council's money, Instead of which the council's account was overdrawn, and it took the two subsidies to mike Cr. Topfaaoi's ward balance £18 debit. No doubt the feeling Mr. Topham has against the late councillor for Oakbauk had something to db with the Woodside, A.nguat 17* 