THE FLEETING HOUR. North-Eastern election to-morrow. West Australia was 70 years old on Wed- nesday. The biggest bottle and rag business in Melbourne—hiring carts to about 30 men—is run and managed entirely by a woman. The late Hon. W. Haslam died worth £21,000. All is left to the widow and family. The directors of the British Broken Hill Company have distributed over £500 to the families of the men killed by the fall of earth in the mine on February 28 last. A man named Charles Cluse died while being operated on for a cancerous growth in the neck and tongue at a North Adelaide private hospital on Friday. The death is reported from Belmont, in the Department of Loire, France, of Mademoiselle Marguerite Chemin at the age of 111 years. The elderly spinster had resided at Belmont for 82 years. Round-the-world Gilbert arrived in Mel- bourne on Wednesday—seven days in advance of the time allotted to reach the Victorian capital. He will rest for a week before going on to Sydney. Corruption in the Transvaal Civil Service is stupendous. A Commission of Inquiry has reported that during the past 15 years £3,000,000 has been expended for which not a single voucher is forthcoming. Board of Trade returns just published show that during the year ended April 30 Great Britain imported £118,000,000 worth of American produce and sent to the States goods to the value of £17,000,000. A shocking tragedy occurred at Coolgardie on Tuesday night, Kenneth Snodgrass, a well-known citizen, shooting Mrs. Gold, a hospital nurse, and committing suicide. Jealousy is supposed to have prompted the deed. The war having lost much of its interest, the Diapur (Vic.) folks have found the Tan- tanoola tiger again to prevent dullness. "Strange noises, resembling the cries of a human being in distress," and "a long dark animal like a dog" are being whispered about, and every gun in the neighborhood has been cleaned up and loaded. The New Zealand papers recently lauded a man for his bravery at a bushfire in good naturedly rushing round saving other people's houses while his own was burning to the ground. It now turns out that his house was the only one insured in the district, and the insurance company has something warm to say of people who don't mind their own business. The Anarchist bomb-thrower has made his appearance in Australia. On Saturday night the house of Mr. Daniel Moloney at Fitzroy (Vic.) was badly damaged by the explosion of an infernal machine. The perpetrator has not yet been discovered, while no cause for the deed can be assigned, although it is thought by some that the dynamiter was testing his bomb with a view to further out- rages. The sentences passed on prisoners by English judges hare long been a puzzle to people on this side of the water. At the Manchester Assizes, on April 20, a Swedish sailor named Adolph Anderson was given three months for killing Peter Coyle by kick- ing him behind the ear as he lay on the ground, while the same court sentenced Karl Tays to seven years' penal servitude for stab- bing William Benjamin in a drunken quarrel and acquitted John Mareck, who assisted in the altercation with the murdered man. "Reject the Bill and Australia will despair of federation for a generation. The five colonies have braced themselves heroically during the last 18 months for the task of its elaboration. Because of the law of reaction that determines the recoil of despair upon the suffering of huge defeat—and the rejection of the Bill will be a defeat huge, disastrous, monstrous—they will not, they cannot, force themselves to the like degree of effort till the generation now in its prime has passed to the scornful grave. The Bill now. Or, for the present generation, the Bill never." England's foreign relations are becoming serious, judging by the preparations now being made for war, plans having been pre- pared to facilitate the rapid mobilization of the military reserve forces throughout the United Kingdom. A Washington rumor has it that Britain is willing to join the States in resisting forcible intervention by other Powers in the American-Spanish War. France is concerned at the possibility of complications with Great Britain resulting in fighting, and the Government are urged to strengthen the fortifications of New Cale- donia ia view of a possible descent from Aus- tralia. "The world to-day bows with homage before the memory of the nameless four millions who in the newly-born United States of 1787-8 accepted the awful but glorious duty of shap- ing a virgin continent to the mould of free- dom. Because of their bravery and heroism the whole world is nobler and richer in every thing that constitutes true wealth. They dared sublimely, and lo, they became the patrons and benefactors of the race. We men of Australia of the present hour are chal- lenged to a duty not greater bat certainly less than theirs. If we reject the Bill we shall shame our exemplars. We shall declare ourselves craven. We shall dishonor our parentage. Let us have the Bill!" 