Agricultural and Pastoral, I At the Wool Exchange,. Sydney,; on December, j 17, Messrs. Warden ^Harry Graves and Son, in con- j ; junction -with' Messrs^ Dalgety and Son, sold the I ?well-known station' property of Wolla Wolla, si tuated near Coonamble, in the county of Leich hardt,- adjoining the' properties btMessrs. W: M. Keogh, Warrana, R. F. Irving, Tenandra, J. L. Brown, Tonderabrine, and others. Wolla Wolla consists of 2195 acres 3 roods freehold, 3717 "acres certificated CP's., 1544 acres conditionally leased lands, making 7456 acres 3 roods of secured, lands; 7098 acres leasehold area, rent £118 6s per annum; 1203 acres leasehold area, rent £8 15s 5d per annum; full total &rea;, 15,757 acres 3 roods; all fenced, watered, and improved. The property was sold without stock. The biddings started at £5000, and after much animation even- j tuallyvWere knocked down to Mr. Vincent J. Dow- j ling, of Lue, for £8250. LIVERPOOL, Leoepuber.7.-Mr. E. Cabalan, of Moorbank, has about five or six acres of his holding n .der wheat. The orop ia said to bo a prolific one, and there is an entire absence of rust. One of the Liverpool bakers is negotiating for the purchase ef tho grain for the purpose of having it converted into flour. It is so long since wheat was grown to perfec tion in tho district that Mr. Cabalan's crop has been the.Bubjecfc of a good deal of comment. Old residents 1 state that the absence of rust ia attributable to the ' dry season, but that no reliance can bo placed on the j successful growing of wheat in the di»trick.- ! WARREN, December 7.-The Warren Land ; Board began its sittings on Monday. Several un important cases were dealt with, and most of the proposed land exchanges were adjourned till next sittings. Yesterday the case of Henry Hart, se lector on Mole Station, Lower Macquarie,' occupied the attention of the board, it having been sent on under reference from the Minister to be heard un der the 20th section of the 1884 Land Act. Mr. ! TiJlett; of the Crown Law Office, Sydney, appeared on behalf of the Crown. After, hearing a lot of evidence the board decided that Hart's residence ; on :the land was satisfactory, but that the answer ! given to the question at the confirmation of his application, "Do you intend using this land for ¡ your own exclusive use and benefit?" was shown j to be false by the subsequent action of the appli- j cant. The board is^ hearing the Pillicawarrina ! cases to-day. ALBURY, December 7.-During an electric storm experienced yesterday, a bullock at Alexan dria Park was killed by lightning. . A fettler named Hunt and his family had a narrow escape. Engine-driver Kaye and Fireman Jones, who were shunting in the railway yard, received a shock from the same flash that killed the bullock. It is thought that the electricity ran along the steel rails for half a mile after killing the animal, as there was no lightning in the vicinity of the yard. Reports from Upper Murray, districts give ac counts of bush fires, which have done considerable damage. A farmer Lamed Couch lost 150 acres of crop. At Sandy Creek Best Brothers lost 500 acres of good.grass. BARBER'S CREEK, December 7.-Great anxiety is felt on account of the long extended drought. Crops and vegetables are ruined and grass burnt up. Bush fires are raging all around the Shoal haven, and the Tallowa Gullies are a mass of flames and smoke. Several settlers, in áddl tion to losing all their grass, have had narrow escapes, and had a severe battle to save their houses. COROWA, December 7.-The weather for the past few days has been exceptionally hot. On Monday the thermometer registered 108 in the shade. To-day it is cooler, with appearances of a change. It is reported, that a big bush fire is gaging at Carnsdale, Yesterday it was said to ? .?...à» -_* z have covered an area of ten square miles. Al though many workers were trying to stop the pro gress of the fire, the last report received hera stated that the efforts had not so far been success ful. GLEN INNES, December 7. - The weather to-day is extremely hot. Notwithstanding that each evening this week indications of storms have been abroad, very little rain has fallen. Within the last fortnight all the sheds in the district have nearly completed shearing, and, despite the bad season, the clip generally is the best cut for many years. There ls still a demand for pasture country "for starving stock, and nearly every day , mobs of sheep and cattle are arriving from the drought-stricken districts of the north-west. MELBOURNE, December 7.-Reports are being received from' the .country, of the terrible destruc tion wrought by bush fires. . Yesterday morning the town of Bruthen, In Gippsland, was surround ed by a seething sea of fire, which made rapid progress southwards. The flames swept across the country, burning everything In their course, and reached Mossiface, where considerable damage was done. Everything was burnt stores, houses, fences, and immense trees all went alike, and still the conflagration was un checked. Upper Tambo was reached in the evening, the power and fury of the fire being tre mendous. Horses, cattle, and sheep were burnt to death, and the country now presents a scene of devastation. Miles and miles of country haye been left treeless and black. A number of set- - tiers have been completely burnt out. It waa pitiful to hear the cries of the scorched animals, l and a considerable number had to be destroyed. : During the progress of the flames hundreds of the ¡ animals perished. A report states that the whole of the country between the Tambo and Nicholson Rivers is on fire. From many other parts of the colony accounts of disastrous bush/fires are also, to hand. The visitation in Gippsland is espe cially severe, as that province was devastated by, terrible bush fires last summer. MOREE, December 7.-A duststormn struck the navvies* camp on the plain outside the town lost night. It levelled nearly all the tente, and tore some to ribbone. There is great difficulty in get ting ©heep trucks to take away starving stock. Notice has been given that none.are available un til the 16th instant. One lot of seven thousand sheep arrived here, expecting trucks, which had bteen ordered for them, but none arrive!. The mob is now being dodged about for water. There is no grass here. Tulloona bore has been deepened to 2S50ft, and a slight increase of water struck in a narrow gravel streak. The weather to-day ls bot and dusty. WINDSOR, December 7.-There is no abatement' in the drought, and vegetation of every descrip tion is drooping for want of nourishment. Those of the farmers who have irrigation plants are about to avail themselves of the benefits attached to thc-nx, as rain appears to be as far off as ever. Owlnti to the continuance of dry weat'aer.xtLe rivet is now brackish at Sackville Reaob, distant only 20 miles from Windsor. The heat is intense. WALGETT, December 7.-:To-day's reading of the thermometer at the post office is 113deg in the shade. This is a record so far, the average read ing; for the last five days being 109deg in the ?. shade. . . - * WAGGA, December 7.-The' duststorms exper ienced in the Western Riverina during the past -- couple of weeks have had the effect of transform ing, the appèarahce of the country to a consider able extent in some parts. A settler near Hay, named George Gormly, reports that a large swamp which always existed in the neighborhood of his selection has become filled up with dust. A' three-wire -fence which extends northerly from the railway line has been almost buried by the dust, and only the top wire is visible. The sand is piled up on both sides of the fence, forming gradual approaches 20ft long, and it would be a matter of no difficulty to drive a horse anditiuggy; over the fence. TEMORA, December 7.-Intensely hot weather has prevailed here during the past few days. The glass has averaged from lOOdeg to UOdeg since Sunday. 