TEIiBG-BAMS. INTERCOLONIAL. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, April 5. A sailor named John Shercoss, of the barque Colusa, wa3 found drowned at Port Pirie on Monday. Herbert W. Coppock was, at the Criminal Court to-day, sentenced to three years' im- prisonment for false pretences. He was caught collecting for the Gippsland bush- fire fund without authority, his plan being to coniiseate the money. Adelaide, April 6. The Governor has received a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies granting him six months' leave of absence. His Excellency proposes availing himselt of the latter part of the year to visit England. He will ba accom- panied by Lady A'ictoria Buxton and family. AYhile searching for the body of the other victim of the drowning accident at Kent Town on Tuesday, the police dis- covered the body of a woman aged about 35 years. The police have received no report as to anybody being missing, and the body has not yet been identified. An inquiry into the drowning accident was held to-day, and a verdict was returned that no blame was attachable to anybody. The remains of the missing boy have not yet been discovered. The members of the Irish National Federation League have telegraphed to the branches of the federation in Mel- bourne and Sydney suggesting that a mes sacre of sorrow at Mr. Gladstone's severe illness should be cabled to Hawarden. An approving reply has been received from the president of the Melbourne Federation. As soon as a reply is received from Sydney the message will be sent. VICTORIA. Meleotjene, April 5. A labourer, named Duncan McGregor, died to-night from the effects of injuries received in a blasting accident at South Yarra. He was engaged on the sewerage works, and was struck in the abdomen by a piece of stone from a blast, although he was about 200ft. distant. 1 Melboubne, April 6. The will of the late AVm. Peterson, of Melbourne, merchant, was lodged for pro bats to-day. The Victorian estate is sworn at ¿£108,000. The testator also possessed station and other property in New South AArales and Queensland to the value of 4140,000. He also had property in Eng- land and Texas. The delagates who had been attending the postal conferanca in Hobart returned to Melbourne to-day. They were enter- tained by the Postmaster-G-eneral and the Mayor of Melbourne. A conference is being arranged by the Minister of Mines between representatives of tho Amalgamated Miners* Ab30ciation and the Mine Owners' Association, to con- sider the tributing clauses of tha Minos Act with a view to suggesting amendments. The Minister of Public Works to-day allocated sums totalling ¿£6,973 to assist municipal authorities to replace bridges, culverts, and roads iu the Gippsland and Cape Otway districts which suffered from bush fires a couple of months ago. The Mayor's bush fira relief fund now amounts to 410,470. At the City Court to-day a middle-aged man named John Henderson was sen- tenced to six months in gaol on a charge of having obtained money by means oE talse representations. ' The hearing of the action to test the validity of the will of the late Horatio Abraham Nelson Snell was continued to- day before Mr. Justice Holroyd. Evidence was given by Mansell Mai*ia Sinclair, who lived with Snell as his wife, and the Court adjourned sine die. A plasterer named W. O. Brown, aged 40 years, narrowly escaped death to-day. He was working on a ladder, at a height of about 40ft., whan the ladder collapsed. Brown fell to the ground. In falling ha struck the roof of a galvanised-iron veran- dah. The weight of his body made a hole in the roof, and he fsll through. The unfortunate man was seriously hurt, but his condition is not critical. NEW SOUTH WALES. Stdseï, April G. A sectional committee of the Public Works Committee to-day resolved to re- commend the construction of a railway from Byrock to Brewarrina on condition that the Crown lessaes of the land banafited agree legally to recoup the Ballway De- partment any deficiency mi tha revenue until the line is self-supporting. The condemnation of fruit by the oincars of the Deparbment of Agricultura is preceoding msrrily. On Tuesday SOO case3 ot Italian lemons and 500 cases of fruit from Tasmania brought by the Tambo wera condemned, fchu fruit arriving from Melbourne. Mr. Campbell, secretary to the Department of Agricul- ture, states that the only trouble the department had was with the codlin moth early in the mouth, bub now there is very litfcla trouble even from that pest with fruit coming from Mel- bourne. Tasmanian fruiterers, on the other hand, seemed to think that any rubbish would do tor New South AVales. They would not even take the trouble to brush oif mussel scale, and consequently there had been large condemnations of their fruit. QUEENSLAND. Bkisbuïe, April 6. The Government has circulated among the meat companies an offer by Messrs. R. Broadbent and Co., of London, to estab- lish a depot for frozen meat at Port Said for the use of the military in Egypt, and to distribute any products received. Reports from the tick inspectors on the coastal districts show that inoculatiou has been extensively practised with satisfac- tory results. A movement is on foot to establish regu- lar wool sales in Brisbane. It is proposed that the first series shall begin in Septem- ber next. Most of the agents report that the prospects are favourable. Buyers have promised to visit Brisbane if suffi- ciently large catalogues are formed. The Chief Inspector of Stock expects a large increase in the production of wool, sis cattle country is being stocked with sheep. The March land rents ara coming in well. Nearly ¿£81,000 has been received out of ^110,000 due. " NEW ZEALAND. Auckland, April 6. Mr. Dyson, Curator of the Wellington Acclimatisation Society, leaves for Eng- land this week on a mission for the New Zealand Government, to report on the marine fisheries in Great Britain and America. In answer to a deputation to-day, the Premier " said that in a short time the Government would lay a defence scheme for the colony before the Imperial Defence Committee. In conséquence of the advice of the Admiral, the Government were now concentrating their efforts in making Auckland the first defence port in the colony. As to war baing at hand, it was not out of the question between Spain and America, but as for England and other powers concerned in China, there was no- thing to cause alarm. The Premier added that as long as he was in office he would never agree to a permanent paid force. After an inquiry into the recenE fire at the Direct Supply Company's premises, extending over a .week, the jury to-day found that the fire was accidentally caused. They also found that the Auck- land fire brigades' appliances were inade- quate. Speaking at Auckland to-night, the Premier said that the surplus for the financial year would be over .£400,000. Mr. and Mrs. Tyson, who were arrested at Napier and charged with having murdered their two children (twins) have been liberated. An analysis of the con- tents of the scomachs of the children, made by the Government Analyist, showed not a trace of poison. 