Instas to Cor* muoittents. ANNIE.—You will have noticed thatwe drew attention to, this matter in our last issue. We* can odJj adivise you to keep> in doors; or, if yout mustr have a mouthful of night air, avoid tite neighbourhood. The exhibition- of " figures in the nude" to .which, yon. take :objeetion is only the prelirainaiy, canter, far r the» great after-things for which Chiltern has recently attained unenviable rsnpwn,. Having drawn attention to this absence of all*decency, owvduty is fulfilled, and there our power of ameloriating the? nuisance is exhausted. Nobody, in, Chiltern. wpuld appear to have authority, for, the suppression of indecent exhibi-. tions. And their name amongst us is* .legion, too, andas vaiied as the filthyresourres of théir pruiient author* cap-, make th?ra«. Speak to Senior- constable- •Nolan ; - or. better still, ask your father to do. so. T.hvs . is a matter that does-v. not reasonably, cpme within, th.e jorisdi'c-. tion of the council-. ROYAL SPORT.—Thanks for, your;- sympathy,. Your action, is just what. might i be expected from such as -you«. We have had intimation from three* others besides you that their last donation * was paid a year ago. Two of thfese/ - were " two-guinea subscribers," and the.' third a guinea man The only action ,, to. bring suqh. people to their senses is - that of 'Zeof talionis. Henceforth we shall;; maintain a rigid silence, .leaving the.» " crusaders" to their old-time patrons. If the.business mien of Chiltern- are not; H» capable of dealing with them, and., effectively too, we have gauged theirdiscretion and impartiality, and ;sonse of v fair play-very, inaccurately. We would be iQtli to admit that we have done so.. MODESTY.—We have to applogjae for the delay in. connection .with your letterreceived a : . fortnight ago. Better late • than never. You need not in the least • be concerned ; about the character and; fair fame- of; thè drBtcict. The suit of' clothes, alluded to so pathetically by a< speaker at the bush-fires relief meeting a couple of weeks ago, had no significance, nor had it any special applica- - tion to,; tbe speaker. The.gendemen, -returned to Chiltern after hi8 : well earned } holiday in the ranges fully andmodestly clad in a suit showing no traces.^..bush .- fire experience.. There' is no need ofapprehèngion, .therefore, that a claim.will; be put in as a .first lien»upon the funds. _ You are evidently incapable otapprec* - ciating, or. understanding for- thjktft^d matter, a vigorous, illustration'Ho. fire,, the flagging zeal" of. local enthusiasts. THE WIDOW'S MITE.—We return.^ you the half-a-crewn,..in conformity witb^ .the prompt action ,of the bush-fires committee. You may be able to find some - others use, for jt. The fund was closed.; at the first .meeting. So prompt and liberal was the appeal that the com- . mittee felt that to keep it open longer ,- would sap the manliness and independence. of> :the Gippsland farmers ± Men that have shown such grit should not be» tempted beyond. their powers of r resistance.' Tho monçy has ., been ; therefore returned to the few who would . demoralize tho . homeless settlers. We - don't,-think that it is necessary to publish a balance sheet as you suggest. The, orthodox fee for honorary auditors in . this town is half a guinea, and as the money hits bfeen., all " disbursed," a* special appeal should be made for thepoor auditors. This w;ould be, unfair to. the benevolent amongst us. 