POINTS. Et NEEDtE.J . A Real ? Record Rain. That Which has fallen In Victoria, and extinguished The bushfires. Pity it has not reached Tasmania yet. Sturdy defence of Stacker in the intercolonial match. He Went to the wicket and there stuck he. Until Madame Albani arrived a* Albany yesterday, she didn't know there was such a place iu Australia And this is fame ! . Child .- Mamma, is it true that people are made of dust ? Mamma Yes, dear. Child: Then I suppose negroes are made of coal dust. In the match M.C.C v Fre mantle, on Saturday, Bolton stemmed the impending tide of disaster' Iu other words, he scored 19 runs. Is it possible to arrange a scheme of Federation that shall be financi ally profitable to each of the Aus* tralian colonies ? 1 merely ask for information; ' ? ? feuis that a public man can nob be buried in Westminster Abbey without the payment of fees imountiiig to something like .£91. Unless these fees can be reduced I Jhall certainly not be buried in the -f oet s Corner' of the Abbev St. Valentine's Day to-day. Some' years ago Ash Wednesday fell on February 14.. At that time there was a regulation (since repealed) ' that all London theatres should be closed on Ash Wednesday. . John Ho hngsheadof the Gaiety humor ously announced, 'To-morrow' , being St Valentine's day, tin* theatre will be closed.' aiiA.,bad,W recently attacked another whose character for good ness was : established. Bad Bov (getting ma good blow): There,: take that Good Boy (folding his arms with a saintly expression): M Tommy, I will not hityou back, because I promised my mother ?£T \\-tnke a pla^ate. k't': (kicking him savagely on the shins) how do you like that ? „ J; J\ (Sydney), who pleaded . guiLy to bigamy, was sentenced on Saturday to six months' imprison- ' ment, the sentenced to be suspended under the First Offenders Act Ine judge was of the opinion that the accused was halfwitted, and' lid not know what he was doino Apparently the act of bigamy was beld as evidence of insanity ' This reminds me of the Hindoo;5 legend of the man who applied for' ' and was refused because he hadn't been through purgatory. 'But I ve been married,' he objected and was instantly passed in The next applicant thought he would niake sure of admission, and pleaded that he had been married twice. Go away,' was the reply, ' we don t want any fools here.' This again reminds me of a story : ' which I heard m church yesterday. r?i M Tho arrived rather unex- ' pectedlyat heaven's gate was sur^ pmedto find au elevator there.', He said, ' This reminds me of Amenca. I think I can stay here.': Certainly,' said St. Peter. The' rankee then stepped on the eleva- '? or-and St. Peter gave the word, lower awav.' ? Western Australia, says the delay m the telegraphic service are due to Soutb Australia. South Australia (represented by Sir Charles Todd) says they are due to the mists. Can t somebody interview the miBfcj ? and find what causes them. Then we should know where the respon, sibihty lay. . , r . I wish the churches were less bitter towards each other,' said a speaker yesterday afternoon. ' I, wish the Anglican church would o-et rid of snobbishness.' (Isn't- this rather like saying ' Brethren let us dwell together in unity. There's one m the eye for you, you bounder' 'I wish it would learn to spell -lord bishop' witk a small, i. 1 am not an authority on snob bishness, but so far as Perth is con cerned, I don't think ' lord bishop' is spelt with, any kind of 1 as a rule —because the 'lord' is usually omitted. But I may be mistaken. Ine 'bishop's' name is not so often in the papers as that of some celebrities. . 