AOTA POPULL \- / . , ? -r-* ? ??? By The Flaneur. That ticklish thing the peace of. Europe has been sorely unsettled of late, and now Dr. Creed has stepped to the front and capsized the peace of Aus tralia. With the same cheerful alacrity that he would saw off a brother Councillor's leg, or sew up his mouth, the doughty Doctor reminds us that on at least two occasions within the last 20 years Austra lia has had two narrow escapes from attack by hos ?? tile forces. This information is not exactly like the trickling of crystal waters over mossy rocks in a lone and sultry land, but it is the gospel truth, and 11 Truth crushed to earth will rise again.' If .she doesn't, she lies— and so does the poet who backed her up with that boastful statement. ? o o o , The first of the narrow squeaks alluded to hap pened during the close of the Russo-T urkish war, and if it hadn't been for the peaceful ending of the Berlin Conference, the Australian Kangaroo might have had the wind squeezed out of him by the ter rible, hug; of the Russian Bear. At that time the ..Russian fleet lay at Vladivostock ready to swoop down on us at a moment's notice, and the Russian Admiral who was in command was afterwards very fond of explaining how completely he would have ' knocked ze stuffiniski out of ze Austalianoffskis' if the signal to ' go ' had been given. ooo The second and more imminent danger occurred in 1S85 while the Russian and Afghan troops were growling at ' each other at Pendjeh. Governor 'Bob' Carrington was just about to read family prayers (or have a game of 'nap ' — I forget which) at Government House one Sunday evening when he was rudely disturbed by the arrival of a cabled cipher despatch, which said : ' Put the colony in a state for instant defence ; you may be attacked at any moment.' On that occasion Russia actually had 15,000 men at sea for the purpose of looting the Australian capitals before the British autho rities knew anything of our danger, but luckily the trouble was patched up again ; the dogs of war were sent back to their kennels, and we were allowed to bask in our ' Fool's Paradise ' a little longer. In '59 France ' talked. fight' with England over the Orsini outrage, and actually formulated a scheme for landing 10,000 men on Australian shores, and then we ran a risk of being belted to death with 'Bolony' sausages, or stifled with Limburger cheese and sauerkraut when Germany, before help ing herself to New Guinea, demanded a portion of Northern Australia. ; r ooo These and divers other clangers clearly show the great risk which the bounding Kangaroo runs in being fastened by silken bonds to John Bull's old menagerie Lion, like a tin-can on a dog's tail, and it reminds me of the story of some bullock- drivers and swagmen who were once camped round a bush-fire, ?waiting till the ' billy' boiled, and discussing the many narrow escapes the late Russian Czar had then had from assassination. Everyone had re counted some more or less startling and truthful tale of Nihilistic devilry, except a long, lean, slab sided, young 'bushie,' who was attending to the fire and silently listening with greedy ears and gap ing mouth to all the blood-curdling attempts that had been made to murder the doomed Emperor. Not. a word.did the gawky galoot utter until he was certain that the last marrow-freezing yarn had been spun, and then as he threw a fresh heap of wood on vthe fire he turned to the camp and slowly said : ' By enpes, that Rooshun feller '11. fall in th* bloomin' muck one 6' these days if he don't pick his com pany; a little. better than he does!' Something Bimilar might be said of Australia just at present.. ODD .! As regards our defences, Field-Marshal Briinker is still ';m akin g inquiries,' but Major- General French considers it unwise to publish the results, for' fear our enemies might come to kriow' more .about such matters than we do ourselves. To pub lish the full extent of our weakness would Be to act the part of the pigs that ran about with knives and. forks stuck, in their backs so as to afford people every facility for eating them, but it was only the other day that the gallant Major-General gave us away to the ' Rooshians' and the ' Prooshians '* by informing a D. T. reporter that he was 'afraid our ammunition question was not in too satisfactory a condition.' o t, o o Luckily, however, we, being up-to-date warriors, have no need of ammunition at all. One of Mr. Brunker'smany 'inquiries' has |elicited the fact that, knowing what a terrible dread soldiers have of water 'neat,' a shrewd suggestion has been made to sub stitute fire-engines and hose for artillery and rifles. It is thought that a Russian regiment would prefer death by the bullet to compulsory washing with ?water flavoured with soap, but to make dead certain of success ? the water is to be electrified also. An army struck by a flood of electrified water would 4 be shocked into insensibility at once, and then , our. ?warriors would have nothing to do but cut the rash invaders' throats at their leisure and try on- their ? 'boots. ? ' ? - This is a great idea entirely, and.it should be patented at once, lest some hostile nation acts on the plan proposed and substitutes whisky for water when making an attack on our shores. Being strict teetotallers to a man, our officers would all go down jbefore the first jet of whisky squirted at them, and then the enemy could load up with beer and wipe out our full privates in a similar awful fashion. ooo Even if our brave officers escaped alive from the intoxicating field, their clothes would smell of whisky, and their wives would naturally jump to the same conclusion as a very worthy lady did when her husband came home perfectly sober at midnight and by way of explanation said — 'Maggiei I've been to the theatre to see the new nautical play, ' On the Crested Waves.' I've seen many plays in my time, but this is one you want to see to see sea scenery—' ?' Oh, come to bed, you old fool,' snapped the suspicious wife. ' You're drunk again, as usual, or you wouldn't be see-sea- see-sawing with your tongue in that stupid fashion.' ' I'm not drunk,' protested the innocent husband. 'It's all the fault of that flaming idiot who fixed up the English language.' ooo The cool, don't-care-a-hang style in which the Chinese in Australia receive news of any injustice being done to their native land leads me to believe that they know as little about patriotism as they do about the Pentateuch. When the first cable gram concerning the proposed smashing of China arrived I bailed up a vegetable ' John' who was ambling along with his well-sfcocked baskets, and feelingly said— ' My saddle- coloured brother, are you aware that the glorious old Chinese Dragon that has braved the battle and the breeze for about 79 million years is now gripped by the Russian Bear and your beloved old Flowery Fatherland is about to be stifled by the fetid breath of a hellish despotism?' John gazed at me carefully for a moment, and then, seeing that I looked fairly quiet and rational, he set down his load and stolidly said — ' What 3*ou wantee buy ? Me got wellee goo' cabbagee, callot, pea.' o o' o 'You don't grasp the situation, my butter- headed brother,' said I. ' What I wish to know is this : Are you cognizant of the fearful fact that the e;rand old land of Confucius is now being ploughed by the leather~shod heels of the ruthless invader ; that the war-clouds have burst over celestial Cathay, and fire and sword are about to lay waste the beloved home of your childhood's happy days ?' ' Wellee goo' cabbagee, callot,, and pea,' said the innocent alien, as he pointed to his garden truck once more. o oo 'Putting it hi another light,' said I; ' has it dawned upon your loving soul that the sweet moon faced maids and the virtuous matrons of your native land are at this moment struggling hopelessly in the rough, rancid arms of Russian ruffians, who mock at their pleadings and gloat like satyrs over the beaming beauties that should be yours and your countrymen's proud prize alone r' ooo To my intense disgust the heathen hawker hitched up his load once more and angrily said : ' Oh, China go h — 1. Me sellum wellee goo' cabbagee, callot, an' pea. S'pose you no wantee buy, you go h — 1, too !' 'I refuse,' said I, in a tone of loud and righteous indignation; ' and, look here, you sordid, slant-eyed sinner, I don't believe you are a Chinaman at all. I firmly believe you're a Scotchman, and your name is MacDoiigal Mac Donal MacTavish MacLeod, and you'd sell your King and your country for a feed of fried fish. Got !' My insulting insinuation was lost on the Chow, however, for he had secured an audience of three workingmen's working wives, and was smiling all over his faee, like a baked 'possum, as he let off his weary old cry : ' Wellee goo'- cabbagee; callot, an' pea !' oo o Persons who wish to learn something of Ireland as she looked in the utterly- vanished past would do well to get hold of the new book, ' A Poet's Recol lections,' by Aubrey De Yere. The son of a ter ritorial magnate in the =' grand old days,' Aubrey De Vere was at first a warm Anglican. . Doubts as to his being on the right religious track began to grow upon him, however, and after devoting two years to close theological study, he, like Newman and Manning, and thousands of other earnest bril liant intellects, went over to Rome. ' 0 0 ,0 As a specimen of the rich racy fun- to be found in De Vere's pages, here is the tale told of Sir Lionel O'Malachi, a member of the old Irish House Of Commons, who had been stoned three times, and whose skull had in consequence become as hard as that of the Marble Man. O 0 0 Sir Lionel was once sitting under the gallery of the House, and above him was a. stranger with a wet umbrella, one of the good old ' Gamps,' that weighed about 2-stone, and which projected beyond the gallery. During a magnificent burst of Flood's glorious eloquence, the stranger upstairs acciden tally kicked the umbrella, and it fell in such a way thpt the sharp, iron-tipped point came down kerflop fair on the centre .o| the Q'M^laQhi?8. shiny bald head. ' Any other man would have been killed on the spot, but the O'Malachi merely leaped to his feet and in a towering rage exclaimed — 'Mr. Speaker ! I call your attention to an act of beastliness and contempt that has just been perpetrated' in this House. Some infamous ruffian in the upper gallery has just spat upon my head !' It's small wonder that it was a Malachi who ' won the collar of gold from the proud invader;' One butt from the head of a Malachi would sink an ironclad man o'-war. . o o o- -?''?-.'?' Another good story is told of a Cambridge don, a dry-as-dust old duffer, who once departed from his hermit customs so far as to join a large party at the country residence of a ? former pupil. The daughter of his host ? having mentioned how fresh she felt after a shower- bath, was askeu by the visitor what a shower-bath was, and in reply she said the bath resembled a very small, round room, in the centre of which the bather stood, and pulling a string was drenched by a genial flood of water from above. The learned professor said ' Oomps,' and then walked off with the air of a man who had secured a ton weight of valuable information and ?wanted to plant the same where it could be readily found when wanted. 6 o. o . Next morning the Professor rose very early in order to explore what he had never seen before — a country gentleman's house. On pulling open a certain door, he found himself at the entrance of a very small circular apartment — one of those little lumber-rooms in which housemaids store away old brushes and household articles past their work. In the centre of the room stood a life-size plaster cast of a half-draped Yenus, looking over her shoulder with a startled expression, as though she had been rudely disturbed at her toilet. 0 0 0 , The venerable Professor, who. was very near sighted, no sooner caught sight of this figure than he jumped back in wild alarm, slammed the door, and cleared out to the park, where he strolled about nervously until summoned by the breakfast bell. He was the last at the table, and on being asked by his host whether he would have tea or, coffee, the poor man stammered out— -'My Lord, I can partake of neither tea nor coffee, nor any other refreshment, until I have first tendered my most profound and humble apologies tj the beautiful young lady whom I now see dispensing the chocolate, and on whose sanitary ablutions this morning, as she stood with all her beauty unadorned in her shower-bath, I was so unfortunate as to unwittingly intrude. If I had known what a sight would meet my gaze I would have died rather than open a certain door as I did this morning.' ' Well,' replied the lady alluded to with a merry laugh, 'that is certainly not very complimentary to my personal charms ; but you must be needlessly alarming yourself, dear Pro fessor, for I didn't happen to have a bath this morning.' o oo .????'? As I have not seen De Yere's work I have had to tell the above tales mainly in my own lingo, but the book must be well worth reading. And the last story told reminds .me of one of the first shower- baths erected in Bathurst. It belonged to a merry-h,earted matron who, . oh being asked by an inquisitive bore what the concern was, replied: 'It is a new syle of revolving picture-gallery. You stand in the centre, look up, pull the cord at the side, and then you see the ' Deluge,' and dozens of other most beautiful Scripture scenes passing round before your view.' Knowing that her visitor was a man who would poke his nose into the Holy of Holies itself, the lady then excused herself for a few moments, and went away. Ten minutes after a half-drowned man was seen scooting out through the back gate, gallons of water streaming from his clothes, and soaking the ground at every step he travelled. He had seen the ' D.eluge'— and felt .it; also... , 