B REVITIES, Williamstown races to-day. The Belgravia lodge, G.U.O.F.G., in end to hold a social in the Temperance Ball on the 1st March. The Footscray Horticultural Society ias fixed their autumn show for Tuesday nd Wednesday, 19th and 20th April respectively.. David Mitchell, Junr., has returned from the West all shook up. He has had a bad attack of fever, and reckons there's no place like home to get him round. Brevity is the soul of wit, we know; but this advertisement in a daily paper seems too brief :-'Reapectable girls about eighteen, wanted. for bottling.' At thelneeting of the local Friendly Societies' Association on last night, week it was decided to donate £1 is to the Ladies' Benevolent Society. Messrs Thompson and Thomas, drapers, of Nicholson street, announce a clearing sale commencing to-day. Bargains it is promised will be the order of the day. The Court Rising Sun, A.O.F., hold a amoke night at the Belgravia Hotel on Monday evening, when occasion will be taken to present Bro P. O'Donnell with a Past Chief Ranger's certicate. Tuesday last being the 139th anniver sary of Bobbie Burns birthday, local Scotsmen celebrated in the Temperance Hall, and, of course, having regard to the locality, no "Presbyterian" wine was drunk. The valuer (Mr Schofield) gives the population of Footscray City as 10,522, an increase of 455 on, last year's estimate. Ward, 5948. 'The Mayorof Melbourne (Cr M'Eacharn) has forwarded collecting papers to the Mayor of Footscray (Cr Gallant) for the Bush Fires Relief Fund, and they have been distributed amongst the prominent business people. The Melbourne Harbor Trust in another column, invite tenders for the supply 'ol 2800 yards of spalls for the North Wharl road, 2500 yds for South Wharf road; and 2750 yds for the Footacray road and Maribyrnong street. The editor of the Berlin Punch haE been sent to gaol for two months for pok ing fun and making a fool of Kaiser Wilhelm.' The' latter is the Emperor's own perogative, and he objects to an3 infringement of it. Mrs Cameron, whose husband shot' al her and afterwaJda fatally shot himself. at-Exhibition street, Melbourne. on lasi night week, is a sister of Tony Perugia an erstwhile landlord of the Stanlel Arms Hotel, Footscray. , Mr D. McPherson, secretary Yarraville branch, A.N.A., competed in the ex presidents'.100 yds foot-race at the Exhi bition on Wednesday evening, but was nol successful. Mr McPherson won this race some three years back.. `The hurdle rading mare La Reine, which was the cause of the death of the cross country' jockey,; J. Laverty, wae sold. on 'Monday atb Kirk's.Bazaar b3 Messrs: W C.' Yuille and Co.;' for.-5( guineas, to :Mr 'Richard Connelly, ol Footscray. ` -. The :Friendly Societies' Association has 'decided to extend the,. time for entry into their quoit competition: until February 18th, on which date they intend to hold a special meeting, mainly for the purpose' of discussing the proposed Charities Bill. The secretary of the. Williamstowr Hospital acknowledges the-: following donations: Presbyterian 'Church, .Foot scray, £ 11s; United Methodist :Church, Yarraville, 17s 6d'; and the employes ol Jas Miller and Co., Rope Works, Yarra' ville, £6 4s'Od.' A very old resident of Napier street, Footscray, in the person of Mr'Richard -White Kitchen, died at' St ,George's Terrace, St Kilda, on'the 22nd inst. The deceased gentleman has left a widow and numerous family, most of whom,' however, are g rvwn up. ' ":.,. ,. . . . tiori lists from the" Mayor. of Melbuirn for the Bush'Fires Fund, but had missis some local subscriptions which had' beet sent into Melbourne, notably 'Mr Jamne Cuming's of £5 Ss. Dr McCarthy, president of the 'Foot scray Cycling Club, has issued invitation for a combined smoke and ladies': night to be held at the Mechanics' Hall on nex Thursday. evening. A first-class pro gramme has been arranged, and a mos enjoyable evening is anticipated. i:For information of local shareholders it the Welcome Mine it may be stated that work atthe mine under the new directorate was resumed on Monday last.' A call 'o0 twopence prer share is to be made in Febru. ary and directors confidently appeal tc shareholders to respond readily so thai underground operations can be carried oc vigorously. •A deputation consisting of Messrs 'W. B. Wilkes, T. Irving, J.' Moran and J. D. Johnstone waited On the local shopkeepers on Tuesday to ask if they were agreeable to close all day, on the half-holiday demon stration, but their efforts did not meet with the success anticipated, and it has now 'been decided to ask the employers to close at 12 o'clock. Matthew Walsh was a stranger, and he was taken in in a condition rof intoxica tion by Constable :Stephens of West Footscray on Tuesday night. :Brought up on Wednesday morning and perempt. orily fined 2/6 by.Mr Wm. Mitchell. 1.P. Hie made .a pathetic appeal for release, anid being Foundation Day, the austere emagistrate relented and remitted the fine. On Wednesday Victoria was very near ly beinig left without a Governor. When clinibing rp the sides 'of the Sunbeam from as eamlaunch the steps gave way and His Excellency and., the boatswain, Mri Jessop, dropped into the water. The Governor being at the bottom of the ladderwentdown first, but Jessop came up first.. Some people would think this bad form on the latter's part, ;and certainly it was not right that the Vice Regality should be so badly left. An amateur reciting at'a South Mel bourne festival recently got ;along splendidly with Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade" until he came to the line : " Into the mouth of -" Here he stuck, blushed, stammered and tried again. "Into. the" mouth Lf-" .-"' Hei was really too modest, and the perspira tion stood out in beadaon his pallid brow. "Into the mouth of----" " Hell l" shrieked somebody in the body of the hall, with such vehemence that the audience roared, and the nice yonng reciter picked up his feet and fled ignomiriously, At Essendon Council Ex- Mayor Not man objected to a payment for shaking the Mayoral carpets, alleging that this was attended to just before Or Leith was elected to thie position. The Mayor jocosely replied that the work was rendered necessary on account of the amount of dirty work that had taken place of late, and a turbulent smile careered mardly around the chamber for' several seconds. The Mayor's room and the stairs ascending thereto at the Foot scray Townr Hall, have been newly parpeted, but we would be reluctant to regard it as an indicatin of dirty work. Citric acid and Ytn Yean water make a useful combination for some puposes, but when made to masquerade as Parramatta limejuicedrinkersof temperancebeverages are apt to find their summer troubles inrtensely aggravated by violent colic. Dr Wollaston considers it time to step in and let it be knrownl that there is a statute enrtitled the Trades Marks Ac:, as well, as a health act, under which the vendors of such decoctions mry be punished. Prose cautiors have been ordered in several cases whereolleged Parramnatta limejuico has been offered for salo to the public, despite the knowledge which the vendors must have had that the liquid contained no I limejuice, and sas anything but Paria. unetta limejuico. '-. ' . 