News in Brief. IT is probablo that a polo team represent ing Now Zealand will shortly visit Australia* Busiifi&ES; aro reported from several parts of Victoria. A Gbrmax paper mentions, as a curiosity, a city of 8000 inhabitants in Bavaria, with only 125 bicyoles in use. THE Victorian Government Astronomer says that the indications are.favorable for a temperato summer. MRS, Lees, wife of Mr. J. W. Lees, J;P.,: late C.P.S. at Narandera, died on Sunday after a very short illness. THE New Zealand Government, ia energeti cally carrying on tho work of testing the colony's odttlo with tuberclin. IT is said that Prinoesa Ena of BUtenberg, who was bom in 1887, is the only Royal child born in Scotland for nearly 300 years-that is, since the birth of Charles I., in 1660. IT is satd that the average death-rate in European Russia is OS per cent, higher than in Englauri. This means, roughly speaking, three Englishmen live as long as five -.Run* I ON Monday in Melbourne the thermo 1 meter.registered 109 in the shade. All li-rt , December days since 1870 were eclipsed. i The record for Melbourne is 111 on January 14, 1802. . IT has bceu calculated that the loss from illness averages 20,000,000 weeks of; wcrk in tho year, or 2£ per cent, of the WOJ It dono by the whole population between 15 and 65 years of age. IT is believed iu Norway that wolves are frightened away by telegraph lines. On one occasion a village voted money to help in the construction of a line passing near them for this reason alone. The most ooatly leather in the world , is known to tho trade as piano leather. The secret of tanning this leather is known only to a family of tanners in Germany, though the skins from which it is tanned; come almost entirely from America. On Sunday afternoon the premises of Mr.' J. H. Oswald at Corowa were entered and a £5 note aud a sovereign taken from a purse in a draw. Two other £5 notes and some silver in the same purae were left by the thief. ?....: . AT the Central Criminal Court, Sydney, on Monday, John Norton, charged with shooting at R. D, Meagher, M P., with in* tont, was acquitted. The verdict wub re* I coived with an outburst of applause, which the junge ordered to be suppressed WHEN* sheep farming was first introduced into England it was opposed by the poor, because the necessity of laying down fields in grass deprived ihemof certain privileges which they had iu the cornfield, and in 1532 a law was passed that no man should keep more than 2000 sheep. ONE of the most beautiful sights in the world is tho animal migration of butterflies across the Isthmus of P,.nama. Towards the end of Juno a few scattered specimens arc discovered flitting out to sea, and as the days go by the number increases, until about July 14 or 15 the sky is occasionally almost obscured by myriads of the'o frail insects. ANOTHER rich chute has been met with at Robiuson and Price's Long Flat mine at Gundagai. Lust week 08 tons 9cwt. of stone were put through the Reefer battery at> Adelong from this claim for a yield of 320oz gold, being at tho rate of 3 /. 12dwt. to the t"n. This was the result of one month's work. It does not include rich specimens bagged, MR. Cuhalan's prolific wheat: crop' at Mootbank, near Liverpool, is . the theme of discussion among many of the residents there, muny of whom assert that the diy season has hen responsible for the entiro absence of r.tisb, and as-a consequence no relmuce can he placed on: wheat-growing in the district Mr. Oihalati has some five or six acres'of' crop, and it is antmipitcd that the yield will-he phenomonab ' ?"< MR. Windeycr, counsel for the petitioner in a divorce ca?o, was referring to the length or . lime:1 ncccKRury to . propare a divorce petition, when. Mr. Justice Simpson intorjocted,. How long .'lines, it: take"? Surely not very long f*.' Mr. Windeyer - "It t^kes * soino- time . to ;preparo voijp ;Houoiv.7» >Mr. / Jus: ico- Simpson.Very little.,,.They arc becoming so oomnvm that I think.l have teen one printed. In a little time they will he selling them, already printed, atthe street corncis; like ordinary printed matter " Tiim heoviest earthquake experienced at Gifabouruc,! N;Z;,' foc^yearsv occurred at U o'clock on bunduy oventng, being one of a sones of oight which occurrtd. between 4 p;m.-and 2 «a;nii The direction of Hie tremor was ^from oist rmd1 west, 'but 'the ground 1-080 everywhere,in confased masses, causing,houses to creak and rock violently, trees to roll about like" ships.at sea, tauks to splash'out contents, hud severarohimueys to fall, besides genorally doing a good deal of^damage. The parapet of a furniture dealer's two:slorey brick building fell, crashing; through the roof of a fancy ar cade, uoil'destroying a quantity of crockery and fancy goods. TiiE'reason which led Lieutenant Alex ander Stewart, a young oflicer of the por manent focces, to commit suicide-on Friday night, wus. not disclosed., at the inquest, owing to tne coroner (Mr. Moore) deolining to admit evidence on . the . subject.' tb: is: generally understood, however, ever,.'.thatr the deceased, had; made: himself obnoMouS;to a young lady, and as a cousc queuco a complaint has been made to. head quarters. A friend, Mr. Cokor wauled to state what the trouble was that was weigh ing.on tho deceasod's mind, but the ooronetv said .that (it was a ptivate mutter,»which there was no need to go into. On Mr. Coker insisting ho adjourned tho inquiry to allow him to consider the matter, mention ing that it would bo unpleasant, to the de ceased's friends if itcame out, *. JUDGE Cohen has granted a rulo absolute for a ) writ of mandamus directing the jus tices at Mudgoo to hear a case in which ono Vilo was tho complainant aud Fitzgerald iBrothors, of circus fame, tho defendants. It appeared that the defendants pitched their teut on a piece of land near Lewes and Gladstone streets, Mudgeo. Vile in formed them that they were trespassing, but ono of ^tho defendants informed him that they did not recognise .him as owner. Vilo then laid an information* charging thorn with tresspassing on the land, and claiming £5 compensation. The iufornn Lion was heard before the ju tices. Com plainant gave ovidonco that, he had boon in posHC58iou of tho land for 20 years, but the defendant's attorney applied that tho information bo dismissed, ou". tho | ground that tho ; title to tho land was in I qunaiion, and tho juslioos decided. that ! they had no juiHdietiou to hoarthe caso, hence the present application for a mandamus. .. r .^,IG"J* *^18 M'lOwan and O'., Limited, has.boon accepted for1 tho supply of 40,000 tonB of American stool shcots, iu conucction with, tho Coolgardie water supniy,. This (says the "Telegiaph") is probably one of the lareest fixtures of kind ever mado in the5 colonies, and-in this instance it has been rfTeotod . in competition with English and German manufacturers. It is -'-fnlcrett ing to note iu this connection that during the past'few months thore has been a rapid expansion in business in manufactured iron between New York owl Sydney duo: in some measure to the low freights'ruling and the consequent demand for dead weight' tonnage, Fully 2000 touB of - American1 foncing wire have been bought for' ihla market during the past month,Mvhiuh; no doubt, the average consumer will buy at a lower prico as .< \Vo8tphallan,u and look pleasant at the result of hisj , 