THE BEECHWORTH MANUSCRIPr MAGAZINE. The members of the local Mutual Im provement Society are to be congratulated on the spirit manifested in sustaining this modest but intelligent periodical. It is, perhaps, to be regretted that the quarterly issues are not so voluminous as they were formerly, but any diminution in quantity is certainly counterbalanced by the quality of the contributions, which all show the result of deep thought or acute observa- tion. We have had the pleasure of perusing the issue for the last quarter, to which as yet we were precluded from giving the attention it deserves. The introductory article, is in continuation of a former one upon the constellations of the South ern Hemisphere, and gives an excellent idea of the constitution of the planets forming our solar system, so far as the advance of astronomy has enabled scientists to formulate opinions. Next comes a brief but forcible article by " A Womanly Woman" who decidedly objects to "The New Woman" and adds that her" sex should never aim at equality with the sterner sex in business or politics, and is strongly opDosed to woman's franchise. In the article on " Protection and Free- trade" tlie writer asserts himself as a cham- pion of the former, and with rather a broad generalisation classes the great majority of " workers," meaning we presume laborers and artisans as Protectionists, while he reckons that the strongest advo cates of Free Trade are the civil servants, clergymen, retired tradesmen, and others who have au assured income, and who are only concerned in expending their incomes to the best advantage by buying in the cheapest market. Perhaps in a future issue some member may present this much vexed question from another point of view. We are glad to see that the poetical element still survives, and could wish for more specimens if all were of the standard shown by an anonymous author in the verses entitled "The Bushfire," which describe the ravages of the recent forest conflagrations in appropriately glowing phrases and flowing rythm. As a striking contrast, the following article is descriptive of " A Drought on the River Darling," and furnishes a very reasonable explanation as to the recurrence of such a terrible infliction, The intense heat which often prevails in summer, the sufferings of cattle _ from scarcity of feed and water, and the dis comforts of human life under such climatic conditions, are graphically de picted. To obviate the enormous loss caused by these periodic invasions, the writer, " Temeritas," makes the very sen sible suggestions of storage of water in argc reservoirs and that the sometimes luxu- riant growth of grass be preserved by en silage for such emergencies. We hope in the next issue of this magazine to see re newed vitality in the interest taken in literary matters by a considerable addition to the number of contributors, especially by the ladies of the society. 