A PLAGUE OF BUSHFIRES. SCATTERED OVER THREE-FOURTHS OF THE COLONY. THE DANGER AND DISTRESS INCREASING. At the present moment the only quarter of Victoria which is free from bushfires is the North-western portion. In the East (Gippsland) the fires are terrible; they are dreadful in the Western district and in places along the wooded Dividing Ranges and Grampians, whilst within the last few days they have begun to spread in the Ovens district and at the head of the Murray. Heunder we append a few of tht latest and most sensational reports:- Warragul, Tuesday, Feb. 1, Alarm seized the . residents of Warrnamhool this afternoon, when the flre bell warned the people that the bush fires had encroached on the township;- On the eastern side-there was a belt of tall, dead timber,: with a thick under- growth of scrub, and during: tho last two hot days tbe fire had -here secured a good hold. Volumes ofsmoko had -been- rising-alltbo morn ing frfhn thja boltj?but o>ving to .its density it was impossible .tb determine what progress tho fire bad made, Tho main street of Werragul, Queen street, runs cast and west; containing a large number Of substantial brick buildings and shops.. At the eastern end there arc a number of old wooden houses, and these abutted upon Uio edge of the blazing forest, being only separated by .a swampy •paddock, overgrown with low bushes and, sword 1 grass. About 3. o'clock the.temperature in - tho-town rose tre mendously. when . tho wind blew * suddenly directly- off the , burning bolt.' * A- fdw minutes afterwards tongncs;of flames' wore seen darting hiUier and'uiither towards the'township. So dangerous waa tho position of the town at this'stago that tho women in many instances i packed their yalaableg and brought them, with * such clothes as they could, got together in (lie time, into, the con.tre of tho street; Tt was not until after two hours’ bard fighting that tho fire was gotundor eont r oI } and thdsafoty of the town for' tirao being assured.It engaged -tho .unitedduortsof pearly200 townsmen to effect tins result, Had. tho, flames oncoobtaincd.. a bold on tli 0 :wooden- houses, at thoV eastern end of the main Street the strougcast, wind ' would have undoubtedly swept it right along to tho other end, p distance of half a' r mile,, .’consuming building"after building. - . Tlipbigtiraberhenr tho town is still burning. Every how and. again "a huge lrce,eatoriaway at ite’biwe by the fire, topples.'oyer,, and comes crashing tothegroundwitha noise like thun der, sonding ujj myriads of sparks and embers, which arocarricd'im tbebroezeto tho adjoin ing property. ..Relays of watchmen ■' have been chosen, to lopk after the town all night in order to at once combat any further enecooehmentby the flames, should tho wind froshdn. ‘ ' ■ 