SUPREME COURT. Friday, April 29. Before the Acting-Chief Justice (Mr. Justice Dodds) and a jury. THE BLACK FRIDAY BUSH FIRE. HON. HENRY DOBSON V. THE QUEEN. CLOSE OF THE CASE. JURY GOING UP THE MOUNTAIN AGAIN. Claim, £2,061, damages sustained by the destruction of plaintiff's chalet at the Fern Tree, due, as is plaintiff's case, to an over- seer of a prison gang in the Government's employ starting the bush fire at the side of the carriage drive to the Springs; whilst the defence is that the fire which destroyed the plaintiff's premises came from the Slab-road or others not lighted by Government servants. Jury:—Messrs. Walter Jenkins, Jno, Baily, Jno. Hoggins, David Johnson, A. Hean, Jno. Hodgman, and W. Andrewartha. Mr. W. W. Perkins, with whom is Mr. Louis Dobson (instructed by Messrs. Dobson, Mitchell & Allport), for the plaintiff, and the Attorney-General (Hon. D. C. Urquhart), and Hon. A. I. Clark (instructed by the Crown Solicitor), for the Government. Upon the hearing of the evidence for the Crown in defence being resumed, The foreman of the jury (Mr. Alexander Hean) said that some of the jury would like to go to the mountain and make another inspection—at any rate some of them would like to know if they might have another view after hearing counsel. When they were up before they were not aware of the points at issue. Mr. Clark said he had fresh evidence to offer that morning that was not known of before—two witnesses. Mr. Perkins objected. Mr. Clark closed his case on the previous evening. His Honor (to Mr. Clark): I will certainly allow you to call the witnesses subject to any comments Mr. Perkins may choose to make to the jury. If anybody can help us to arrive at the truth of this matter, we ought not to exclude his evidence. In reply to the jury, His Honor said that if they desired it they would certainly be allowed to go and make another inspection of the scene of the fires after counsel had addressed them, or even after the summing up, as they liked. Perhaps, after they had heard counsel on both sides they might not think it necessary. The Foreman: Yes; if necessary, we say. His Honor: Or after I have summed up if you like, I don't think it makes any difference. Percy Macdonald, called by Mr. Clark, deposed that he was employed in taking observations on the mountain. Was on the mountain from December 14 to December 19\. Saw a fire halfway between the stockade and the Springs on December 14. Passed the same fire burning on the 19th. Mr. Perkins: Wasn't it a stump that was burning?—I believe not. How close were you to the fire?—Several hundred yards away. Could not judge distances. It was a bush fire. The fire was down the slope of the mountain. It might not have been seen by the men at the stockade. It was more flame than smoke. Do you mean to say that a bush fire has more flame than smoke?—No answer. Was surprised to see a fire in the same place on the 19th. When I saw the fire on the 19th I paid a little more attention to it. Mr. Clark then proceeded to sum up the case for the Crown, in defence. It was admitted that Carpenter lighted the fire on December 18; also that there was a fire at Gadd's on the 19th, if not even on the 18th, but after that the first difference arose. Could the jury safely draw the inference which the plaintiff asked them to draw against the taxpayers, that the fire which Carpenter lighted on the 18th found its way to Gadd's on the 19th? That inference had not been substantially proven. He strongly urged that it was not at all proved that the fire which was found in Gadd's fence on the Saturday night came from Carpenter's fire. A number of reliable and impartial witnesses had proved that there were other fires on the mountain. Mr. Rodway, Mr. Edwards and others gave material evidence on that point. The last witness called saw a fire burning on the 14th. It must always be borne in mind that the summer was an extraordinarily dry one, and the bush extremely dry, and sparks might be carried about from various fires. There was much evidence to cast doubt on the inference which the plaintiff desired them to draw. The expert evidence was strongly against such an inference. Then it was not absolutely proved to the jury that the fire which Gadd said he had watched, and which he alleged came from Carpenter's fire, was the one that swept down the mountain to the chalet. They had heard beyond dispute of several fires on the mountain. No doubt the wind carried a fire down the mountain towards the Huon-road; but what human being could say who started that fire, or that if Carpenter had never lighted a fire, or even that no fire burned Gadd's fence, that the fire which came down the Huon-road would have come? He put it to the jury that there was evidence of separate and distinct fires on the face of the mountain between the 4th and the 19th December. The Waratah huts fire was burning up to the 29th. With a strong wind why should not sparks and burnt bark have been carried from that fire on towards the Springs and right across the mountain? Similarly sparks might have been carried from various points. The Slab-road fire was burning fiercely for two days before the chalet was burnt, gradually eating up to the chalet and to Summerleas, and which was much nearer to the chalet than the mountain fire. Captain Parry was blind to that fire. That fire would have been brought up to the chalet on the 31st by the wind blowing in gusts all about. The intense heat from the Slab-road must have been terrible at the chalet. The burden of proof laid on the plaintiff to show that the Government's servant burnt the chalet, but he urged he had not proved it; he had only adduced inferences. Plaintiff must prove that the mountain fire caused by Carpenter absolutely did the damage. If they considered that the question was involved in complexity, their duty was to give a verdict for the Crown. Mr, Perkins, replying on the whole case, said Mr. Clark was pressing inference upon inference to the jury. The plaintiff had put forward, he claimed, substantial proofs, not inferences. From such evidence there was only one conclusion to be drawn—that the Government's servant lighted the destructive fire. He claimed that positive proof had been given that Carpenter's fire did the mischief. Prima facie proof was sufficient, if not rebutted. Mr. Clark had asked them to draw inferences against positive proofs. The Crown had set up another theory—the Slab-road fire, and he claimed that the Crown had not proved it to be correct. If two fires had joined and burnt the chalet that would not relieve the Crown. R. Reid's evidence showed that the Slab-road fire did not do the damage, and he was there at the time. There was direct evidence of the two Reids, Miss Giblin, Captain Parry, the plaintiff, and others. The jury could not, in the face of such evidence, be guided by the opinions of supposed experts who had visited the scene months after, with their opinions suggested to them by those who took them to the place for the Crown. There was substantial and positive evidence against all such theory. Mr. Clark had told them that he relied upon the evidence of experts in support of the Slab-road fire. Mr. Clark had talked about the taxpayers, but a man had a right to seek redress against injury caused by the Crown fully as much as he had against a private individual. The evidence for the Crown had been nearly all servants in the employ of the Crown, and their evidence was very weak. Many of them supported plaintiffs case. It was admitted that Carpenter lighted a fire, and that it crossed the road, some of the Crown witnesses saying that it burned fiercely, and in a large volume. Then had it not been proven by 16 witnesses that that fire went up the hill, and to Gadd's fence on the 18th? Mr. Kingsmill crossed that fire, and saw it burning Gadd's fence. Counsel drew attention to young Cruickshank's evidence, and that of Gadd, the plaintiff, Mrs. Gadd, Miss Gadd, and others. What they had said was not inference, but positive proof. Witness after witness had said they saw the same fire burning day and night. Carpenter himself admitted having lighted the fire on Saturday, the 18th, and did nothing to it till Monday, when he and the other warders returned. On the Monday and Tuesday he admitted that they did not follow up the track of the fire. They went to look for a fire that was not there. On the Tuesday they put a log out with a bucket of water, and yet they swore the fire was out. Duff's evidence was an insult to common sense. He reminded him (Mr. Perkins) of the witness who was asked by a Judge— "Did you say that you saw a man through a brick wall?" He said—"Did I say that, my lord?" "Yes, you did." "Then," said the witness, "Ill stick to it." (Laughter.) The fire from the mountain caught the chalet gates and fence and then the chalet. The Slab-road fire had nothing to do with the destruction of the chalet, but the fire that came down from the mountain into the Bower gully between the chalet and the Fern Tree. He dwelt on the evidence of Captain Parry, as being that of an unimpeachable eye-witness, and of the witness Grubb, who watched the progress of both fires closely, and contended that the Crown had brought nothing to discount their direct testimony. Similarly he claimed the Crown had failed altogether to show any possible connection between the Waratah Hut fire and the burning of the chalet. The injury done to the chalet and the whole estate was tremendous. The place had been turned into a wilderness, from a charming beauty spot, and it would be for the jury to say what had been the depreciation in consequence of the fire. If injury had been done to a private individual by the Crown, the Crown should be ready to repair it. He reminded the jury that there were notices up not to light fires in such a terribly hot, dry summer, yet in contravention of all warnings the prison overseer unlawfully ignited that terrible fire. The defence for the Crown had shifted, and many admissions had had to be made, whilst the plaintiff's case still stood firm and clear as it was made out before the defence was opened. His Honor occupied over an hour in a very able and explicit summing up. He first explained that the action was brought by one of Her Majesty's subjects against the Queen for damages alleged to have been occasioned by the servants or workmen of the Queen. The legal questions involved were all swept away by the admissions conceded as between the parties, and if it were not for the difficulty of dealing with such a mass of evidence the case would be an exceedingly simple one. Even as to the amount of damages, their duty had been lightened by the detailed particulars of furniture, etc, being referred to arbitrators, and they (the jury) had only to assess what damage was done to the beauty spots and building sites on the estate, in respect to which £500 was claimed. He proposed to lay the evidence before them in as simple a form as he could. At the end of the case there appeared before them an indivisible mass of evidence of some 60 witnesses. Counsel had not suggested any method of dealing with it. He proposed to present the case to them under three heads, and the first would be what he called the positive evidence in the case—the evidence of those persons who actually saw the chalet catch fire. That evidence was obtained from Captain Parry, Mr. Dobson (the suppliant), Mr. Ernest Dobson, Geo. Goodwin (the caretaker), and Miss Edith Giblin. There were five apparently reputable witnesses, who said they did see the chalet catch fire, and that it was caused by what was called the mountain fire. In considering that point it was all important to consider at what time the fire reached the chalet. This positive evidence all went to show (and it was partly corroborated by Crockett) that at the time when the mountain fire came down and commenced to burn the plaintiff's property, there was no fire threatening the chalet from the back. The second heading would be, what evidence was there which rendered it probable that the positive evidence he had referred to was reliable—whether they (the jury) could believe that evidence or not; whether those people were in too great a state of excitement and incapable of giving a true version of the position. That was wholly for them to say. Under that heading the evidence of the witnesses might be classified into two portions. There was the evidence of those witnesses who spoke of the course of the fire from the 18th to the 31st, and also of those witnesses who professed to give opinion partly founded on what they saw at the time of the fire. There was also the evidence of those witnesses which was not founded on facts observed at the time of the fire, but founded on indications seen in this month of April. Grubb, for instance, gave expert evidence in some respects, and Reid also, as to what they saw on Friday when the chalet was burnt. On the other hand Duff gave his opinion about it from indications which he had recently seen founded on a state of things which might, or might not, have existed at the time of the fire. Such a classification of the case would enable them at any moment to consider any part of the evidence. As to the course of the fire 19 witnesses for the suppliant (or plaintiff) spoke of it from December 18 to the 31st, and six others from the 18th to Christmas Day. If they compared that evidence with that of the warders they would find that all spoke of a fire burning on the 23rd, and that it was burning near the Springs, beyond Gadd's. For the Crown it was sought to show that there were distinct fires on the face of the mountain, and it was for the jury to say whether the fires seen up about Gadd's and towards the White Rock and the Icehouse belonged to one and the same fire that had been burning all along, and which came down to the Fern Tree. Syme, who stated he watched it, said it was the same fire, and that it never went out. Also Gadd and his wife and daughter, who lived on the spot, had good cause to watch it, and were better able to judge than anybody else. It was for the jury to say whether they told the truth about it. For the defence, under this sub-head (the course of the fire), there was the evidence of Overseer Cleaver, of Mr. Rodway, Warder Carpenter, Warder Clements, Mr. Ross, and Colonel Warner. All these witnesses, excepting Mr. Rodway, spoke of a state of things in and about the carriage drive, but not one of them was able to say that he had satisfied himself that Carpenter's fire never went up the hill. How invaluable it would have been in deciding this case if one reput- able witness had been able to say that he had at the time gone round the course of the fire and had satisfied himself that it had not gone over the mountain, but had burnt out, for in that case it could not have been Carpenter's fire that came down and did the damage. The plaintiff's case was that the fire did go up the hill and spread. So far as he understood Mr. Rodway's evidence he saw some fires in the vicinity of the carriage drive early in December. That did not seem to be disputed, for there were camp fires, and they had heard there were logs burnt. Mr. Rodway also spoke of a fire on the 14th, confirming Gadd's evidence. Though Mr. Rodway was a very intelligent and reliable man his evidence was not very helpful. Neither was that of Purcell, the cabdriver. Police-Sergt. Coates apparently knew nothing about it. If the witness Stewart was to be believed, the fire never went up the mountain, for to use his expression Carpenter's fire was dead to the world on Monday, the 20th. Of course, if the jury believed that Carpenter's fire did not go up the mountain, there was an end of the plaintiff's case. But other witnesses said it did. They might consider under the next sub-heading the expert opinion partly founded on facts of those who were there at the time of the fire. Under that heading they had the opinion of the suppliant, Grubb, R. Reid, Constable Betts and Crockett. Grubb said the mountain fire had the advantage and gave his reasons. R. Reid said it was impossible for the Slab-road fire to burn the chalet. Betts and Crockett said it was the mountain fire did it. For the defence John Wilson, Geo. Dodds, John Duff, and Dyson said that in their opinion the Slab-road fire burnt the chalet. Jno. Hay seemed to be of the same opinion, but added in cross- examination —"I never said the Slab-road fire burnt the chalet." So there were four witnesses who had said they believed the mountain fire burnt the chalet, and there were four on the other side, including Jno. Hay, but the latter said he did not assert that the Slab- road fire burnt the chalet, but his opinion was that it did. He had now dealt with the evidence given for the plaintiff and the evidence against it. Next they might consider the evidence in the case which rendered it improbable that the positive evidence for the plaintiff was reliable. Under that head they had the sub-divisions, such as the course of the fire, and the consideration of the other fires, including the Slab-road fire. They had heard of a fire in McCrobie's Gully between the 18th and 24th December. The Crown did not seem to lay much stress on the McCrobie's Gully fire except by way of showing that there were other fires on the mountain. Warder Newman spoke of that fire and others. Then there was a fire at Kangaroo Bottom, proved beyond doubt; also that it headed up the mountain; but it was said not to have reached further than Guy Fawkes Creek, whilst between Guy Fawkes Creek and the White Rock, towards which Carpenter's fire was said to have extended, there was an area of unburnt country, as to which one witness said he would be within the distance if he said it was a mile in extent, whilst the witness Mason said it was 2½ miles. But whatever the distance was, unless the jury were going to attach some importance to the suggestion that it was possible that the fire was carried from the Kangaroo Bottom fire to the Organ Pipes and the White Rock, that could not be the fire that came over past the Springs. The Crown admitted that there was a belt of unburnt country between Guy Fawkes Creek and the White Rock, or the Kangaroo Bottom fire and the White Rock, and that the two fires did not join. Mr. Clark, however, endeavoured to show that over that unburnt country (or rather which was burnt out in the previous season) the force of the wind would form a train of leaves, and carry sparks along it on to the face of the mountain. But Mr. Duff, the expert called for the Crown, had said that could not be so, as the leaves would not fall in such a quantity as to form a train. The jury had rather to consider probabilities than possibilities. That there was a fire burning about the White Rock on the days mentioned there was no doubt, and which was the more probable theory—that that fire swept over to the Bower gully and down it, or that a fire lighted by sparks carried across a patch of unburnt country, variously estimated at a mile to 2½ miles, came along and did the mischief? That there were distinct fires on the mountain in the first and second weeks in December was beyond doubt, for several witnesses had mentioned them, including the driver of the Huon coach, and Mr. Arthur Edwards; but the question was were they fires that were under control or not? Thus the jury had to start with the consideration of whether the mountain fire or the Slab- road fire burnt the chalet. If the Slab-road fire did it there was an end to the suppliant's case. If, on the other hand, they were of opinion that the mountain fire burned the chalet they had still to pursue their inquiry to the source of that fire, and see if it was connected with the fire lighted by someone employed by the Crown. As to that, all the evidence he had alluded to in reference to the course of the fire came in. As to the damages, supposing their verdict was in favour of the plaintiff, they had only to consider what damage had been sustained through the destruction of the beauty spots on the property, and the general deterioration of the place by reason of the fire. Whether it would amount to £500 it was wholly for them to say. The Foreman: Supposing the fire had accumulated with another fire? His Honor: If Carpenter's fire reached the chalet and helped to burn it, the Crown is responsible. After just two hours' deliberation the jury returned into Court, and informed His Honor that some of them (not the majority) wanted to go and have another view before deciding. His Honor told them that if they found it necessary in the interests of justice; if they could not give a conscientious verdict on the evidence, the application must be acceded to. The Foreman (Mr. Hean): Your Honor has struck the keynote of our motive in referring to our desire to give a conscientious verdict. We only had a general view when we were up before, and we had not then heard the points at issue. His Honor then granted the application, and suggested that the sheriff (Mr. Bernard Shaw) should take them up to the chalet and the mountain. The Foreman said the Sheriff was the gentleman they wanted, and only him, to accompany them. They would be back to give their verdict by 1 o'clock to-day. His Honor assented and the Court adjourned. 