THE GIPPSLAED FIRES. FIGHTING FOR A TOWN. A TON OF GUNPOWDER. SOME THRILLING EXPERIENCES. [From the Melbourne Argus of February 5.] Korumburra, Friday. South Gippsland is still a blazing furnace, and a map. correctly printed would show a ' broad band of black over everything except the towns themselves. Here in Korumburra . we have had a striking example of what bush fires mean. During the whole day the fate of the town has' trembled in the balance, and thousands of pounds' worth of property hung upon a change of wind. The danger was apparent on Wednesday, and a hasty and informal conference of some of the lead ing townspeople led to the telegram being dispatched to the Chief Secretary ask ing for hose and hydrants. Mr. Peacock's reply was. commendably prompt. He con ferred with Mr. Stein, chief officer of the Metropolitan Dire Brigade, and by the next train sent up Deputy?Chief Officer O'Brien, several hydrants, and 600 ft. of hose. The people.of the town showed their appreciation of the Chief Secretary's action by sending a telegram of thanks. . At lialf-past 5 in the morning several persons were awakened by the crackling of/fire, and, going out to ascer tain what was wrong, saw that the scrub at the back of the main block had taken light and had commenced to burn. At 9 o'clock the' wind freshened a bit, and, blowing in the direction of the town, carried the flames right up to the back of the shops in Commercial street. . Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Maynard, the oaptain of the brigade, mustered their men, and prepared to fight for the life of the town. Just at this moment, when' the hose had been run out and the m6n were ready to do battle with the flames, it was_ discovered that there was no water in the mains, and the deputy chief, of the Metropolitan Brigade stared round in blank astonishment. Two or three' men were sent to learn what was wrong with the water service, and a chain of men arriving with bushes and bags attacked the scrub in the approved bush-fire fashion, aided by women and children, who carried buckets of water. Soon they were in the thick of a fierce struggle, and when the flying; sparks began to light upon', the storeroom of Mr. J. F. Shepherd, grocer, : and the people remembered that there was a large _ quantity. of kerosine there, all hope of saving the town was abandoned. M,r. Rado vielc bad 20 men pumping- water and hosing his large hotel, and fearing that even so many men would be unable to protect the house the young lady lodgers got their hat-boxes and trunks together and had them placed in the liali ready for hasty removal. For an hour the firemen fought spendidly without water, and • with local assistance held Commercial-lane and the scrub front with work which was most exhausting, and all the more honorable because every man was losing a day's work ana pay to oenent tne com munity. At' the end of a trying period the water came splashing through the. branches, and from that moment the odds werein favour of the firemen. Many hardworking hours passed, and the houses of Messrs. Morrison, Lynch, Boston, Mackinolty (the champion wood - ohopper), Mariner, Reynolds, and McLaren were threatened- with destruction. During the afternoon Captain Mavnard sent a fireman out to reconnoitre, and he returned with the information that the selections of Messrs. Guy, Thomas, and Connack were blazing. All available help was sent on to the selections, and there again the now familiar battle with the flames was waged. All through the night the firemen fought the fire in the back of Korumburra, and all night long the selectors and sympathetic townsmen fought the flames on the selections of the persons mentioned. Urged strongly by Mr. O'Brien, the leading townsmen wired to Melbourne for afire engine and 1,000 ft. more hose. Chief Officer Stein was prompt in his reply, and the engine and hose came up by the night train in charge of Foreman Watson and Foreman Wilkins. When the fire was at its height there were a few_ people in Korumburra who were very anxious. They were those who knew that about a quarter of a mile from Radovick's Uotel was a powder magazine belonging to Mr. John Burnett, ironmonger, of Commercial street, and that it contained a ton of powder. All round this magazine the fire was raging, and though Mr. Burnett had taken the precau tion to have all the big trees near it felled there was a terrible danger of the magazine ex ploding and wreoking the town. Happily the hard work conquered, and the magazine and the town were saved-. Nothing is more remarkable in the history of the Gippsland fires than the immunity from fatal accident which all the settlers and their families have enjoyed. It is nothing short of marvellous when the terrible fires are taken into account. The story told by Mr. Arthur Pobjoy, a settler of Cruickston, Poowong, on McDonald's^ Track, gives an instance in point. He was led into Radovick's Hotel quite blind, and when fixed up with eye lotion and put in a dark room he told his tale. _ "Yes," ho said, "we had a terrible expe rience. The fire came down upon us in two directions. From the north-east it came with the sparks and the smoke of the houses of the dwellers in the Danish settlement. From the east it brought the cinders of the unfortunates of Strzelecki. We were hemmed in a small triangle of clear space, and surrounded by the fiercest flames I . have ever seen. There was no use fighting the fire single- handed, so we combined qur forces, myself and neighbors at the homestead of Sir. Watts, and then we hoped to stay the progress of the flames; but we might as well have tried to put bounds to a hurricane. We had seven women and 17 children there, including 'Mrs. Breen, Mrs. Murdoch, Firs. Pobjoy, Mrs. MoCarbhy, and the Misses Watt and McKay. All these, 24 in number, were placed under two large blankets, and hour after hour some of our number kept saturating those blankets with water. • Fortunately there was plenty of water. If there had not been we would have lost every one of those women and children. Once the clothes of Miss Watt blazed up, and we had great difficulty in saving her life. It was just then that I called the men together and said—' We must either give up the house or the women and children. We cannot save both.5 Then we let the house burn, and all kept putting water on those blankets which covered the 24 women and children. We had only to go one chain for the water. ^ But you never saw such a chain in your life. It was a chain of living fire, and our men fainted time after time in running that terrible gauntlet. You can tell what the experience was when men who were forest workers, and used to the hardest toil, fainted like women. Miss McKay, the school teacher at Cruickston, did fine work, and until she became exhausted was as good as a man in the emergency. . We never longed for daylight as we longed for it that night, and it would have broken your heart, you men of the city, to have heard the women praying to heaven that the fire might pass, that their husbands aud brothers might escape, and that daylight might come. I have heard prayers often, but never any like those ;• even now-the memory, of them makes me feel like crying," Madame Albani is a passenger by the R.MS. Oruba, . which is expected to reach Largs Bay on Monday next. The famous, or i& fccojked, foi; 