A VISIT TO FAIRYLAND. AN ORIGINAL AUSTRALIAN FAIRY STORY. BY "QUAE." (Concluded from last week). A cry now arose, "The white wallaby is looking at his tail!" Again the hush ed assembly listened intently. After a long pause, he made ili.s stupid remark: If you cannot ue luivy, Don't be a pet canary." And when the .queen said wearily, "How wise!" "How wise!" arose in every possible key. Then talydo approached and said, "Good gracious, sovereign, may I show our visitor the fairy hall?" The queen assenting, Rosie was led into the noisy throng. "Please tell us something about our new fairy king," shouted Glydo above the din. But a brush kangaroo inter rupted, "We want to know what he does with the kangaroos he shoots." "He skins them and makes kangaroo- tail soup of their tails," replied Rosie. "He skins us, and makes our tails into soup!" cried all the kangaroos, hopping off in dismay. "And what with us wallabies?" asked a brown one, anxiously. "He skins tliem for mats, but they're so small, they're a nuisance," she an swered. "After skinning us he calls us a nuis ance!" went the frightened, angry cry from wallaby to wallaby. "And what with the native bears, please?" asked oue, clinging stupidly to a fern-pillar. "He skins them, too," answered Rosie, sadly, wishing sne could say something nicer. "He skins the native bears!" howled all the native bears. "Does he skin the opossums?" asked a little ringtail, hanging by his tail from a branch of waratah. "When he finds any; but there are none about now." "He has skinned all the opossums! Oh, the wrc-tch!" "He doesn't skin the snakes," said G!ydo. "No," cried the snakes, "we only skin ourselves." "He does nothing with snakes except a little one he boiled to make me a neck lace of its backbone. But I won't wear it any more." At this the hissing of the snakes sounded like a steam engine." "The parrots that dangle in a bunch at the kitchen door?" asked a trembling roseila. "He stews them. I wish he didn't," answered Rosie, regretfully. The shriek of the parrots drowned the voice of the white wallaby, who was plucking Rosie's larger sleeve. Stooping, she heard him say, "The bushflre, the bushfire!" in an agony of fear. " They won't listen to me!" "What bushfire?" "A dreadful one that's coining. The forest overhead will be burnt to ashes: the smoke will choke us; the heat will kill our plants and melt our golden floor. We could escape to the sodawater caves, if we went at once. But they won't lis ten to me. They don't know it's coming." "Why, they listen to nobody but you," said Rosie. "Only when I'm looking at my tail." "Then go and look at your tail, and tell them about the fire when they are listening." "They know I can think of nothing unpleasant when I'm looking at my tail. It's such a plc- asant tail to look at." "Oh, dear. Go and look at It again, and I'll call out 'Bush to remind you." But .when she called out "Bush," the wallaby said, "In the bush we can play The long summer day." "Dear, dear," cried Rosie, "that's not it!" But her voice was drowned In the chorus, "How very true!" "I told you so," said the wallaby, sor- rowfully. "Go again, and this time I'll call 'Birel' said Rosie. But as she cried "Fire!" a pictol shot rang out overhead, sending the assembly scampering out of sight like magic. . - "The new "fairy king! He's coming to skin us all!" they cried, as they de camped, leaving Rosie in darkness. Frightened, she - cried out, "Uncle Jack ! Uncle Jack!" and groped towards a faint light near . at hand. Soon she saw her uncle's lantern flashing among the timber, and a minute after heard him c-xclaim, with a sob in his throat, "Oh, my dear treasure, have I found you?" Straining her to his breast, he kissed her . as if he would never, never stop. "I've been to Fairyland,- uncle, dar ling!. They won't listen to the white wallaby unless he's looking at his tail. And you are to be the new fairy king." "Dear heart, you shall tell me when we get home. First, I must fire my pistol twice to let the men know you are safe. Don't be frightened, love." As the men came in, hot and weary from iheir long search, they asked, "All right?" "A11 right, thank God, but wandering a little," returned Uncle Jacfc> For of course he could not understand what Rosie meant. 