GENERAL NEWS. A Boy Drowned at Goolwa.—A lad named Ernest Hutchens, a destitute boy boarded at Mrs. T. Barber's, was in company with other bays bathing near the slip at Goolwa on Thursday evening, 3rd inst,, when he got beyond his depth and was drowned. M.C. Juckes was sent for and started dragging for the body, but without success, while on the following morning the native divers failed to recover the corpse. On Sunday the body was washed up on the shore about a mile from where the accident occurred. An inquiry was held before Mr. Hewett, J.P., who gave a certificate of burial. The funeral took place at the Currency Creek Cemetery, the scholars and teachers of the Wesleyan Sunday-school following the re- mains of the unfortunate lad to the grave, at which the Rev. G. W. Kendrew' officiated. The Fruit Export Trade.—Mr. Frank Russell, of Adelaide and Salisbury, has received the following letter, dated London, January 7, from Messrs. Leonard Harrold and Company, Limited:—" We have to report, that, owingto the failure of the American and Continental crops, more especially the former, there is at present a high-priced demand for apples, and the future for Aus: tralian apples is considered generally by the trade as most promising. Australian apples are likely to be much wanted this year, the outlook being more encouraging than it has been for the past 10 years. One broker gives it as his opinion that the first arrivals here in March and April must fetch in the region of 20s. per case." We (Register) have seen the account sales of a consignment of 100 cases of South Australian oranges sent home by the Bungaree, which sailed about August 3. The fruit was on the voyage for two months, the boat going round the Cape, and the ship ment realized £71 2s., or a net profit of £14 2s. 4d., approximately 9s. a case after taking off everything, oancr included. A Change at Last.—There is an end to all things, even heat waves. Wednesday morning saw the termination of the hot weather—that is, the end of the present in- stalment, for prophets speak of the near approach of another frizzling period. Limp and perspiring mortals, breathing with difficulty in an atmosphere surcharged with the smoke of innumerable bushfires, wel- comed the change joyfully, while the ex- pression on the face of the housewife was one which has not been seen for some time. The rain which fell was not so heavy or so continuous as was desired, but it had the pleasant effect of cooling the air and freshening up animal and plant generally, besides putting a little water into the long empty tanks. The following returns from Southern townships up till 9 a.m. on Wednes- day are to hand .*—Crafers, 0'080 ; Mount Pleasant, 0-120; Blumberg, 0*150 ; Gumer- acha, 0-200; Lobethal, 0*150; Woodside, 0*125; Hahndorf, 0*080 ; Nairne, 0*050 ; Mount Barker, 0*010; Echunga, 0*130; Macclesfield, 0*010 ; Murray Bridge, 0*050. A Popular Troupe.—Few travelling entertainers enjoy greater popularity than the Lyncli Family Bellringers, whose infinite variety age has failed to wither and custom failed to 6tale. It is many years since Mount Barker first mode the acquaintance of the musical globe-trotters, but their periodical visits are as eagerly "looked for ward to as of old, and on Wednesday evening there was a large audience in the institute-hall to welcome the return of the favorites. The entertainment was thorough ly enjoyable throughout, and eucores were the order of the night. The .selections on the bells and the melodious glassopfypne by the clever " family " were as jijghly appreciated as ever; sojourns in.Ipdia, China, anil the countless isles of the sea have not affected the fine tenor voice of Mr. Millar A. Eraser, whose spngs on Wednesday evening were much enjoyed ; while Mr. George Bfeutley, who has improved since his last appearance here, kept the house in a roar with his new comic ditties, every one of which were encored, in one instance a third appearance being demanded. The character duets and trios also tickled the audience greatly awL ' nap! provoked recalls. The accompanime throughout were played by Mr. Henry Ruler, Last evening the Lynch Family played to a good house at Woodside. Sanitation at Port Elliot.—On Mon- day the Chief Inspector furnished to the Central Board of Health a report on the sanitary state of Port Elliot. A butcher's premises at Middleton (which had been recently complained of) was apparently clean and in fairly good order, but an offensive smell was noticeable at some distance away. The floors of the pigsties were wooden slabs, which absorbed a good deal of moisture that in some measure added to their offensiveness. There was reasonable ground for complaint. The Chief Inspector heard of instances where great numbers of summer visitors crowd into the small dwellings. Sanitary matters did not receive much attention, and many cases came under notice where closgfa" con nected with good houses were without cess pit or receptacle. Sanitary inspections -were not made except complaints were received, when the inspector acted on his own judg ment and made no report to his Board unless the matter was of more than ordinary import^ ancc. In connection with a number of cot tages let- furnished to visitors-the closet> arrangements were very bad, - and at one other place the closet" was in a foul state;" the owner was a member of the Localfioard of Health. The Local Board did not "hold regular moutbly meetings. The by-laws under the Health Acts had been adopted, and the Chief -Inspector -was informed - that they would be more strictly enforced in future. The report closed with details of nuisances found to ernst. The Board di rected that fuU details be. sent to the - Local Board) with a request that the nuisances be removed, and the Local Board to be informed that its duties appeared to have been hitherto discharged in a perfunctory manner, the con tinuance of which might make it necessary for the Central Board to exercise its powers to cause the district to be put into a better sanitary state. Extinction of a. Whole Family.— Probably the most pessimistic realist would fail to invent a plain tale of greater horror than, that of the extinction of the Jarvis family at Bethnal Green (says an English . paper). In a workhouse lay Jarvis, a match- dipper, dying of consumption. In a back room on the ground floor of 6, Dixies Court, Brady-street, Bethnal Green, slept Mrs. Jarvis, aged 39, and her nine children, aged from 16 years to eight months. Mrs. Jarvis made matchboxes for what is called a living. Her earnings may be judged from the fact that a friendly grocer had given her a Christmas dinner, otherwise they would have had none. Early on the Sunday morning following a fire broke out in the house, and in a few minutes Mrs. Jarvis and every one of her nine children were charred and unre- cognizable corpses. On the same afternoon Jarvis, the match-dipper, died in the work- house without being told of the fate of his relatives. Treatment for Snakebite.—A medical correspondent writes to one of the dailies " I enclose you the lateBt on snakebite cures. The real action referred to may be that the liver, acting as the guardian of the body, accumulates the poison, aud large doses of calomel empty that organ very rapidly of bile, and with it the poison." This is the. information in question,. taken from the Bulletin OSnSral de Thirapeutigue:—Dr. Corisland D'Otra, from a large experience in Brazil, neutralizes the poison, even when it is in the circulation—as is shown by abund ant hemorrhage, deafness, blindness, vertigo, nausea, and almost imperceptible heart-beats —by giving thirty grains of calomel in an ounce of lemon-joice, and repeating this every two hours. After the third dose the patient is out of danger. Of more than one hundred patients none has died. An "in fallible preventive" is said to be the carry ing of one to five drachms of sublimate attached to some portion of the body, which either causes the snake to flee, or, should it bite, the effect is harmless. This note was presented to the author, in addition to the statements of Fraser, as to the properties and curative influence of antivenene. New Women in France.—In the United States, here and there, are to be found women, duly qualified, regularly occupying a recognized position at the Bar. In the Older World the legal profession continues to be a male monopoly. In France, however, a lady knight has arisen to challenge the continuance of this anomaly. Mademoiselle Jeanne Chanvin, who has duly passed her examination, applied last month to be allowed to take the oath which is prelimin ary to enrolment as a member of the French Bar. This was contested on the ground that her sex, although not a disqualification by statute, should be regarded as a disqualifica tion by nature. The decision was given against her. Even if it had been given| in her favor her application would still have had to come before the members of the Bar, who are not likely to entertain it with much favor. The French women are goiug ahead. On December 1 they started a new daily paper, which is edited, owned, and managed entirely by women, La Fronde is to be as much a female monopoly as the Bar and the army are monopolies of the male. Not only are its contents to be entirely written by women, but the mere man is not to be allowed to set up any of the sacred matter in type. Not a man has been employed on it in any way whatever. There is plenty of money at the back of it, and its editor-in chief is Madame Durand de Valfevre. The conductors of La Fronde will probably accept as a good omen the fact that last month the French Chamber of Deputies passsed a bill to allow women as witnesses to hirths, marriages, and deaths and to wilts and other legal documents. 