OUR LETTER BOX. . Enjoyable Holidays. — Yeo, Colac, 2Sili March, 1SSS. — Dear Uncle Ben, — "We live about .six miies from Colac, at Yeo. It is a very nice place and we get a beau- tiful view when on the hills. "We have had a. bad time of it here lately between the bushfires, -grasshoppers, and the dry- season. There is not a biade of green grass yet, through not having any rain. We aie getting pretty short of water for the stock. We got a great scare with a bushftre about a month ago. It came within a mile of us, and then the wind changed and stopped it quite suddenly. The grass-hoppers ate up everything that was in our garden, besides eating a lot of grass. They ate all the leaves off the fruit trees, which are cut in blos som again now. Fruit is a good price this year, although most of it is not very- good. My father, my brother, ana I spent our holidays at Ballarat, and we had a splendid time of it. We had a fine long drive going up, passing through Beech, Itolcewood, Cornidhap, Napo leons, Sebastopcfi, and Redan, and then io our grandmother's place. spent a few happy days with ourcousins. Their father is Mayor of Ballarat East. I was glad to see that they take "The Weekly Times," as I thought I would miss it when I went away. There is not much left for me to tell you, as the supplement gave such a good descrip tion of Ballarat. I also thought that Ernest Tanner's letter was very good. We went to the Gong Gong, Buninyong, and Black Lead, the latter being my father's naltive place. 1 went to see a test match between Ballarat and the English Eleven. I also was at a moon light concert at Lake Wendouree. We saw a man go up with a balloon and de scend with a parachute. I have two uncles in West Australia and one in South Africa. Now I shall close with kind regards, yours affectionately,— Percy Williams, age 12 years. (A capital little letter, Percy. I hope you will write again after a time. — Uncle Ben.) Ten Miles Away.— Buninyong, 13tli April, 1S98. Dear Aunt Connie, — I am going to tell you about our pets. I have a canary and a young parrot, and it is learning to whistle nicely. My brothers have two dogs and a ferret, and they often go hunting and catch a lot of rab bits. My sister had a pet lamb, but it used to go away from home and get into mischief, and father had to kill it. Since I wrote to you last I have had the bronchitis, and I am not over it yet. I have still a very bad cold. 1 must thank the lady who sent me a letter of sym pathy from Horsham, and her little niece for the nice birthday card, also one from Cousins Jessie Cromb and Henry Roberts. I was sorry that I could not write to them all and thank them. I have been too weak to write much. But I might write after my cold gets better. My sister went to see the soldiers shooting at the military encamp ment at Ballarat. When they were hav ing the sham fight we could hear the noise of the guns. They were heard ten miles away. Mother said it was just like somebody hitting an iron lank. I could not hear them, because I am quite deaf. What nice interesting letters Flo. M'Laren writes. Her little brother Jacky must be a funny little boy to say such comical tbjngs. I saw the letter Cousin Ernest wrote, telling of his visit to Ballarat, and to Mt. Buninyong. I wonder if he saw our home. It is just below the road that takes you to the Mount, and it is surrounded - by .pine- trees. We have had a lot of rain since I wrote last, but we are having fine wea ther again now. I will now conclude with love to Uncle Ben and yourself and all the cousins. — I remain,- still, your in valid nephew, John Newitt. A Visit to 'Warrnambool. — Bos- tock's Creek, near Camperdown, 3rd April. Dear Aunt Connie,— I am writing to thank you for my certificate, which I received some time ago. We all thought it was very pretty, and I am going to have it framed. We have had very dry weather'here until this last day or two. It has been raining nearly all night. The grass will begin to spring up agaiii now. Our flower garden is aiso looking much fresher. I went down to Warrnambool with mother about two months ago, dnd emoyed myself very much. We went down and back the same day, so we were not able to see a great lot of the town. We went to the breakwater, which I thought was a very pleasant place. We also went to Shelly Beach, and had to cross the Suspension Bridge, which I did not like, as it shook so much, and made me feel pretty frightened. There are some nice large buildings. We left Warrnambool about seven o'clock in the evening, and got up to Camperdown about nine o'clock at night, where father 'met us and drove us home,, and by that time I began to feel very tired. With love to Uncle Ben, yourself, and all my cousins, — Yours af fectionately, Isabel Matthews. Likes Victoria Better. — Hillsborough Farm, 14th April, 1898. Dear Aunt Connie, — I am sending you a little in aid of the Children's Hospital. We are liv ing in New South Wales now, in the Riverina district. We used to live at Bleak House in Victoria. Whilst we were living there I used to write to the "Times." We had a very enjoyable trip coming over. We have been over here two years now. I like-1 living in Vic toria belter than I do living in New South Wales. But I am glad to say I am enjoying better health over here. Dear Aunt Connie — if you will allow me to call you so — I still have the little book Uncle Ben sent me. I greatly prize it. I did not write to ask you for a collecting card, because there are so few living about here. Wagga is our nearest town, and it is about 16 miles from here. We all sympathise with the poor people that got burnt out. We have a nice iittle vegetable and flower garden, but everything looks parched and dry about here. Rain is badly wanted. Well now, dear Aunt Connie, I will draw this to a close, with fondest love to Uncle Ben, Cousins Connie and Florrie, and ac cept the same yourself. — I remain, your" loving niece, Alice M. Jacob. . P.S. — We still take the "Times." I am 14 years and 7 months old. Please put the names in the "Times" so that the people may see who gave. — A.J. We are very pleased to hear from you again, Alice, and to know that you enjoy better health. I hope you will write again. I am glad you keep up your interest in "The Weekly Times" u -iVia fnf Vrtii find vnnr list anions the letters in brief. — Aunt Con- nie.) About Mineral Springs. — Davlesford. 3rd April, 1S9S, Dear Aunt Connie,— This .is the second time I have written to you, and I think I will tell you a little about the Hepburn Mineral Springs. It is nearly two miles from Daylesford, and sick people often go there to see if the water will do them any good. Many hold picnics there, because if any rain comes they have three rooms to go in for shelter, and seats to sit on, and in hot weather they have plenty of water to drink. There are two taps, and the water is always flowing through them. There is a house at the back of the springs in which the machinery works for filling the cylinders with water to send to Melbourne and many other places. There are several other springs around Daylesford, but not so many people go to them as they do to the Hep burn. I think I have told you all I can about the springs. I am in the fourth class at the Daylesford State School, Fever is raging very much about here; and several persons have died with it My grandpa has a magpie which is a good talker, hut if I go near him he al ways tries to bite my legs, so I do not go near him any more than I can help. Our Sunday School anniversary was last Sunday, and the church was decorated very prettily with reeds, wreaths, mot toes, etc. On the following evening the tea was held in the schoolroom, after which there was a meeting held in the church, at which there were recitations, songs, etc., which I enjoyed very much. I must now conclude, wishing you all a happy Easter. — I remain, your affection ate niece, Nellie M. Bell, 11 years 7 months. 