LOCAL AND OlSTfUCT NEWS. On Sunday afternoon next the Liiydale Brass Band will render a programme of selections In the Pack. A collection will be taken up la aid of suffarers by bush fires at the Monbulk village wtUemeot. WhiiBtshoeiDg a horse, at Varra Glen oa Monday last a yonn£ man named VVatt Bell received nasty injuries to his head through the unimat kicking him.. Under the skilful treatment of l>r. Kilpatrkk he u progressing favorably. v Ve have received a latter Iron the Rev. J. J. Barniugham.Jof Waadin, headed " Bosh Fire Heroifatn." The writer eulogiM the band oi {workers who nobly fought the Sanies at that placc, recently. Pressure on apace precludes its insertion. The entreat number of the "Leader 1 devotes space to an interesting coUeatta of photQCTurilicTiega e* the ppow Y> "tfiuae tSSwlmujivnut, Bridge over the Yarra,l*m Valley Road, Yarra Doon, and boating and bttUsg ^iota Mr. P. Kerrigan, of Yering, is not the writer of the lines following the heading, " The Yering Fire Brigade." This«zpl»nation shonld be sufficient to disabnae the minds of those who have seen fit to§predit that gentleman with their compocitionr it ss is .with regret tint we have to announce the death of Irene, the little daughter of Mr and Mrs W. T. Simpson, of the Warbnrton West State school, who was reported in last issue to be suffering from scarlatina. Modi sympathy is felt in the district for the bereaved pirents. Messrs. T. R. B. Morton and Coghill announce elsewhere that they have parchased the business of Messrs Adamson, Strettle and Co., and will hold fortnightly sales at the corporation yards, commencing on Thursday next. As the firm has so long eDjuyed a good reputation for promptitude and integrity in its business dealings we feel sure that their clients in this district will be given every satisfaction. In the Court of Petty Sessions last Friday at Liiydale, proceedings were taken by the local inspector, nnder the Health Act, against a couple of townspeople, for having premises in a dirty condition. In the first cans, which was not represented by counsel, the defendant was fined 2s 6d; while the second case, which was defended by Mr 6. (J. Day, was dismissed withont the defendant being called on for evidence. The motion tabled by Cr. Wilson at the last meeting of the Upper Yarra Shire Council was for a new valuation of all rate* able property in the Shire, and not for " striung a rate of one ahilling ra the £," as given in our report of the council's proceedings last week. We regret the discrepancy, and hasten to make amende honorable. Perhaps our youthful contemporary will now inform his many? readers that he thought he was quite safe in plagiarising the EXPRESS reports, etc. Alexander Rainor, locally known •'Scotty," lately met with a novel and painful experience out Beenak way. He was splitting posts and rails in the bosh and when in the act of abstracting a wedge'from a log the latter closed and held him fast by the arm. The pressure was sufficient to •uakfe his position thoroughly uncomfortable but jiot ao great as to injure the limb. He would probably have remained in thiB painful position until death from starvation overtook him had not some men who were fortunatelely passing and heard Ids shouts released him. Needless to say Rainor was very grateful for the timely succour afforded. *' Scatterbrain " writes—I observe by an isolated apology tor a NEWSPAPKR, that it ndvocates " refreshment rooms" at the Liiydale railway elation. I am inclined to think that the. writer of the laboriously written article before me must be a very i hungry individual, and one whom it would ] pay better to keep " a week than a fort- ; "iglit." However, seeing that he is so contideut that it will pay handsomely, I venture to suggest that he starts the concern himself. He might be more fitted for that occupation than the one he now assumes. At any rate there could be no doubt as to Uie ultimate success of the undertaking, provided that he: ould nse other peoples goods for the benefit of his customers. The main topic of this glace at grcsent (writes our Christmas mils corremondeat) is the now serious scarcity of water. UsuallyBO pleasant at this season, the township is now being burnt and vegetation spoiled. Tliere has been nothing match-in the way of bushfires. A slight one started last week but was soon mastered. The h-jat, though much less than in Melbourne, has been great, and the necessary couse (prance is thac fruit and seasonable crops a-e spoiled. There has been a good deal of sickness but so far nothing serious.—-The lucky finds at the goldfieMs are for the present at an end.—Cricket this season has not been a success. In the Cameron com* petition our men won their Ihst match against Panton|Hill, and so come in, as usual, second ; while Caledonia apparently takes off the trophy again. An obscure contemporary has got his back up because " Scatterbrain," one of our contributors, saw fit to bring him up with a round turn for purloining news from the columns of this journal without acknowledgement. The rebuke, however, does not appear to hare had much effect on his TAKING propensities, for in his last Saturday's issue, iu which he appeals to the sympathies of his readers, he re-publishes seven! tgyu u •ud puusLgrapn* irom oor edition of the previous day. There arecertainly "two types of joornaiaip." the honest and dtt dhhoaeit The man who resorts to the latter is what is commonly called by the profession '• a: newspaper thief." It is this class of newspaper apologists who comes into a town and offers to take advertisements at a price would be minora to the honest trader. Utile one. ask your mama to help yon to defend your* self again. Liiydale people are justly and deservedly noted not only lor the big percentage of good mnsictaita—vocal and instrumental— that tows and district contains, but for the genera! and popular appreciation of firstdass music as a body. It will no doubt therefore be a pieaaure to the residents, particularly to pueeta and penona desirous of learning the -sitfta, to hear that Miss Gertrmdc Snnimeiliayes, wbo |s pro. bably the cleverest violinist in the colonies visits theV,o»v*ntrsdiool every week, where she may. be cuSialhiT. As «Q evidence of Mi8s,Summeri»aye»'aupetior ability, werive a quotation Ae. * Aqrar'• SfisB Gertrude Saaaaaerhayta^ violiwsl, of Sydney, was the bright particsJaestar of Saturday evening s concert, and. the lfkly'» .thorough command of the instrument vu «ijld,eQqe^ |b her playing- Miss Samtner- Wpes rnd f. m«t*t cordial rec^tion." An extract fro»» ^.detter ftvm Viscountess Gor- •jasnston is alsp fi$r&eljr; laudatoiy, and undoubtedly Indieates .the artiste y y* only a brilliant insttuwot»\jjtt herawfiiwt^aB impart her knowledge ts'her .yperior manner:—• lojroMiss fafi t&tight; my. daughter tiie ^Sui. it has been tm Immense pleasare to 