BUSHFIRES AT BARKSTEAD. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) By the great fires that have been raging In this district during the past week an immense amount of damage has been done. A splendid forest of young timber has been destroyed, and scarcely an acre for many miles escaped. The foliage is shrivelled up, while the thou sands of dead wood logs—the source of most of the mining firewood —are nearly all burnt. The splitters are great sufferers, as all their stacks of firewood have vanished. On Friday night the schoolhouse had a narrow escape, and would have been burnt if the wind had not changed. On Sunday, 30th ult., the wind was blowing half a gale from the north, and brought along a great fire that was burning some miles to the north. In a short time it had reached the township and ignited a large sawdust heap belonging to the Anderson Bros. It then took hold of thereof of the Bark stead hotel and out buildings in several places. Fortunately, there ware several men at hand, who saved the buildings. This sawdust heap, which is probably one of the largest in the world, occupies about 10 acres of land and is over 20 feet in depth—is in the township, and when once a fire gets into it the sparks from the fires are very dangerous to the wooden houses in the vicinity, and men have to be continually on the watch with buckets of water. The men cannot follow their usual callings, as they must stay to guard their homes. The residents, although proud of their gigantic heaps of sawdust, think lit rather too close to be agreeable in hot weather. A few days ago the fire reached to within a few yards of the Wombat Station, two miles from here. There are immense stacks of wood at the station awaiting trucks. A number of men collected, and saved the wood and station from destruction. The men in this forest deserve the highest praise for the brave way in which they worked to save property. They sacrificed time and a good deal of energy in what I call the most trying and oppressive weather ever experi enced here. Hearty thanks are due to Foresters La Gerche and Gear, Messrs Herrod, Hughes, Chase, Campbell, Strickland, O’Donoghue, Werner, and others, who as sisted on Sunday. 