9tems of etems. RELIEF FOR TIHE DISTRESSED--On Wednesday, Miss Campbell, secretary of the Traralgon ladies relief committee, received a large consignment of goods from the central relief committee, in Melbourne. Any one requiring assist ance in the way of clothes, etc., should apply to Miss Campbell, or one of the I ladies forming the committee, F'IrIE HE-T.-Another heat wave seems to have rolled over this unfortu nate colony, and for the last couple of days people have been sweltering, the thermometer reaching lot deg. on Tuesday, and about the same yesterday. Mr Barracchi gives-hopes of a change, but Mr Wragge's latest forecast is Sirroco from the north, with great heat ; cool change will be delayed for three days. We can only hope he will be wrong in his fotecast. Bushfires have broken out in Warragul, Neerim and other places, and although we have seen indications of fires around this district, we have not heard of any damage being done. STATION IMIPROVEMENTS.-A start has at length been made with the im provements that are to be made at the local railway station, men being engaged shifting the end of the bridge across the line, so as to allow of the platform being lengthened. The new tank, which is situate below the signal box, is nearing completion, and from its size should hold enough water to supply all the engines. CLEARING SALE.-On Tuesday next Messrs A. M'Lean and Co, under instructions from Mr T. Batty, who is leaving the district, will sell at his residence, Commercial-road, Morwell, 40o head of superior dairy cattle, horses, furniture, pigs, fowls, etc, Also a nine roomed weatherboard house, situate in one of the best positions in Morwell. There is no reserve, and the sale should attract the attention of those on the look out for good young cattle. TRARALGON SPORTS CLUB.-It will be seen by a report in another column that theSports Club have selected the 24th May as the date upon which they will in future hold their meetings. This is a step in the'right direction, as it will do away with all friction between the Agricultural Society and the club, and both can work amicably together. It has been decided to ask the members of the Agricultural Society to allow of a flat cinder and gravel track being put down, and we hope the request will be met in a liberal spirit, even should a jump require to be shifted. The club have given up the 9th November, which date would, undoubtedly, have been injurious to the Shaw had asports meeting been held, the least the Agri cultural Society can do is to fall in with the views of the club, and allow of a track being put down. It will improve the ground, and without such a track bicycle riders will not care to come to Traralgon, as they risk their lives run ning on the grass one. POUND SALE.-A pound sale will be held on Saturday next, at the pound yards, at i2 o'clock, when two useful young horses will be sold. By a printer's error, for which the poundkeeper is not responsible, the line " Two useful horses, young" was omitted in our last issue. How FIREs OCCUR.-The Bulletis supplies the following :-A traveller the other day, on the Gippsland road, drove past a clergyman's house. He saw the gentleman lighting a fire, in the back yard, within a dozen yards of a paddock of long parched grass. So he got out of his buggy, and, unslinging a bucket, went to the parson and asked him to let him draw some water from the well for his horse, which the good man willingly permitted. But when the traveller, having drawn the water, pitched it on to the fire and put it out, the shepherd ruffled his feathers, and wanted to know things. "I was making a fire for my wife, sir. It is washing day"-he was a very poor parson "and too hot to build a fire in the house." "You're a fool, for a parson," said the other. "See that paddock I A spark would set it alight, and burn the whole country. You ought to know better." And then he left, and then the parson, wroth in his heart, pro ceeded to relight his fire. And that night the whole country-side was sweat ing to put it out. So that a man may be a good parson and, at the same time a blazing idiot-as this particular parson's neighbour's have realised. EIGHT HOURS DAv.-The always popular Art Union in connection with the anniversary of Eight Hours Day in Melbourne, which takes place this year on Thursday, aist April, is announced in our advertising columns. This will be the forty-second celebration of the establishment of the system which en joins " Eight hours' labour, eight hours' recreation, andeight hours' rest;" and the committee have already made such arrangements in connection with the Fete in the Friendly Societies Gardens as to ensure complete success. The first prize in the Art Union is of the absolute value of £z,ooo, the second prize £20oo, and the third £roo, and there are I27 otherprizes of various values. Special attention is directed to the important fact that every ticket actually sold, and no others, will have a chance ini the Art Union, which will be drawn publicly on the evening of Saturday, the 3oth April, and duly advertised. The tickets are the usual price-" the nimble shilling"-and they may be purchased in every town in the colony. It should be mentioned that every ticket purchased will have an equal chance in the Art Union drawing, whether used for admission to the Fete in Melbourne or not. A SAD CAsE-A very sad occurrence is on record down at Foster, where a well-known resident and prominent member of the Anglican Church has succumbed to severe mental strain, and is now under restraint in Melbourne by direction of his family. The unfor tunate subject of our (Sdtandard) notice seemed to feel the loss of church and parsonage by fire on the 8th instant very keenly; but he bore up very well until the 16th, and took part as secretary of the local relief committee in distribution of clothing, &e.;, to the burnt out selectors. He developed symptomns of maniaon Wednesdaylast,andhisbrother arrived by train next day in response to a telegramfrom Senior Constable Mackey. The unfortunate gentleman was taken charge of by his brother on Thursday, but he managed to elude his vigilance, and rushed away on horseback to Leongatha (about 30 miles), from which place the Rev. Mr. North wired the fact of his arrival-after a terrific journey over burnt country and fallen timber in less than three hours. His brother went after him next day, but only to find that he had taken the early train to Melbourne, where friends were advised to meet and take care of him. The case is a very painful one for relatives and friends, for whom the deepest sympathy is felt, and out of consideration for them we withhold the unfortunate gentleman's name from publicatiou. PARCE.LS.-Parcels for the following are lying at the Railway Station : Waite, Sheffield, M?PLean, Milligan, Brown, Leslie, Mathews, Cole, Bond, Shields, Missen, Handley, Hancock, Rose, Henshaw. Fresh tenders, returnable at noon of Monday next are invited for 60 cords of firewood for the Traralgon Butter Fcctory. Mr H. C. Jones calls for tenders for building two large sheds at Calllignee. Tenders close pt noon on the 2nd March. We would direct attention to the adver. tisement of Messre Hogan, Mooney & Co., importers and merchants, Elizabeth street Melbourne. This firm is famous for the special brands of both Scotch and Irish whisky which it imports, and that those who indulge in the beverage should give them a trial. The Pretoria " Vulka-stem," the official organ of the Transvaal Government, which some time ago declared that the British claim of suzerainty over the Transvaal was an " hallucination." publishes a statement that President Kruger's opinion to the same effect will be affirmed by the Volks raad, and that its decision will be :om municated forthwith to all foreign powers. The effect of this statement has been to cause a fall inr the price of Rand mining shares on Change. At a recent meeting of the Morning Star G.aM. Co., it was resolved that unless tile promoters advanced money at the rate of one penny to threepence per share per month, it would be impossible to carry on the mine. A large numberof shareholders of promoters' shares hare signed an agree. ment to that effect; if the others do not sign (says the " Mercury") the mine will have to be sold or forfeited. Those who are alive to their interests will no dobht join with the other shareholders, and thus retain what is one of the best shows in the mountains. Although rain in the hill countryon the 10th and 1lth Feby. was very heavy in the Carrajung and Boodyarn ares, the re cord being Gl inches, the fall at Willung was only 31 inches, being very little heavier than at Yarram. The effect of this first rainfall in February is (says the " Standard") showing itself in a return to green conditions on good land ; in fact a very large proportion of the grass country that was swept by bush fires before the rain came is looking very promising indeed and only needs another three inches to make things look well for a bite of grass in April. An interesting point in the fencing law was decided at the \ieerimn South police on Saturday before Mr Creswell, P.M., and Messrs. Ward and English, J's.P. Mfr.-Batt and Mr. Collins, two neighbors who lost their fencing during the late fire, were the contestants. Both had given notice to each other to fence, but Collins failing to do so, Bstt completed the whole fence, and sued Collins for half the cost. In the meantime Collins disposed of a piece of his land alongside the disputed fence for the purpose of a new road, and Ihe erected a fence along the line of this road. The court, nevertheless, gave a ver dict in favor of Batt, with costs ; 14 days' stay of proceedings was allowed for the lodging of an appeal. 