OUR LETTER HOME, SUMMAEY OF NEWS. Rumours seem to have been spread about on the mainland of Australia that Tasmania has been burnt up by bushfires, and that consequently thoae who usually sock the island during tho summer heats had better go elsewhere this yoar. Unfortunately, tlioro is just enough acouraoy in the statement to give it point, and prevent an absolute contradiction, tho " lie which is half a truth," whioh, as Tennyson says, is uuoh a hard matter to fight. Of a similarly mis. leading naturo aro the statements that because there are fewer of H.M. ships hore than usual, tlioro arc uono of the customury seasonable festivities. As a matter of fact, there is quito as muoli bustle and whole- some enjoyment as usual, People are hero in plenty, and privnto arrangements of tho excursion and picnio typo vio with one another for precedence over the public gatherings in the way of raco meetings, cycle sports, and other fixtures, while, with the return of Lady Gormanston, Government) Houso ia onoe moro open to thoso who visit vice-royalty on ita own hearthstone. The weather, too, is all that pleasurcsBekcr8 could desire, if not i, all that farmers wish for, tho beat of the sun being tempered by the Boa breezes, which make oven OOdeg. in the shade boarablo to the san-drlod Australian, List, but not least, invitations have been issued this week for the large summer ball with which the Governor and Lady Gormanston recognise the presence of distinguished mainland' sooiety folk in the colony. Everything, in deod, is going with a fine ewing, which not even the disastrous bush urea of tlio past have power to diminish in any way. Launceston is day by day onlivcncd by the proceedings of the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition. Hero thcro is much adult talent at work as well, and tho exhibition is generally the centre of a good deal of aotivity, whioh is attractive to residents, and also to visitors passing through the Northern oity. The summer race meeting of the T.T.C. Club has passed off success- fully. Matters in oonneotinn with the joint trial ahipment of fruit, whioh the Government have had in hand on behalf of growers of this and other oolonies, have advanced some stages during the last few weeks, not- withstanding the fours of some of its warmest advocates that it had boon nllowod to fall to the ground altogether. The Tasmanian Government agent has been to the other oolonies, and bas saourod co- operation from Victoria, Now South Walos and South Australia, and these threo colonies will asBiat in making up tho do sired quantity of fruit. A ohango is likely to bo made, aa tho roault of special inquiries on the Bubjeot, in the syBtcm of ventilation under which tho trial shipment is to be carried. The exhaust draught only is to be used,' and not the intake as well. The lattor is found to be unnecessary, for it would oauao too much of a curront and result in the fruit being shrivelled op. The Galt of Bothnia, ono of the fine fleet of steamers known as the Gulf Liao, is to oarry the fruit to England, and the Treasurer has signed contracts for the freight and purchase and fixing of the maohinory, while every other detail has been arranged for in a manner whioh it isbolioved will bo eminently satisfactory to shippers. Though the aotual date of the vessel's sailing is nob yet certain it is expected to be early in March, Tho first port of Bailing will bs Sydney, and the boat will then oall at Hobart, Melbourne and Adelaide to reçoive tho contributions from those places in their order. If this cool air exporimont is successful it should have a very important effect on the Australian oxport fruit trade in general. A Prospecting Association has been formed in Hobart for outting traoks and other pioneer work in the Port Davey district, towardfc which Mr. Bowes Kelly haB con tributen? £500, and the Government add a like sum. About 17 miles of the Gordon track have been cut and cleared 6ft. wide, and the department are packing through with horses, the unsound parta of the track being corduroyed. Mr. Cawtborne, who is well acquainted with that part of the country, considers there would be but little or no difficulty in continuing the Gordon traok from a point between Mount Anne and Mount Wedge through to Port Davey. A large proportion of the country consists of open button-grass plaina, the dividing ranges being not too heavy in timber or grade, and Mr. Cawthorne's opinion is that a good track would be found by way of tbo oastern ' side of Lake] Pedder, '. the south-eastern end of Franklin Range across Doherty's ground to the Davey River, which would require a small bridge with what is called a pigstye in the middle. A handsome memorial banner, a token ot respeot from Tasmanian Freemasons for their lato Grand Master, Dr. E. 0. Giblin, has been furnished to the oraft by the Gentlewoman's Work Guild of the colony, and is to be hung in a central position. Mr. Napier Bell has sent in his report on the proposed treament of the Macquarie Harbour bar, in which the cost ot the breakwaters', training walls and other necessary adjunotB is Bet down at £216,243. As this would not bo the probable final expenditure there is a very nice question opened up for discussion, namely, whether the cost should be incurred, or whether it would not be quicker and cheaper to have steamers built whioh could bo lightened or deepened as occasion may require. Suoh vessels, it is known, are in use in many ' other places, and solvo the problem of bar harbours in a voryeffectlvo manner. A large and important brickmaking establishment has been opened near Zeehan under the auspioea of a company of which Mr. Muloahy, M.H.A., is chairman. The plant is a largo one, and is likely to be able to keop pace with the looal demand foi briokB for some little time. The capaoity of the permanent kiln is 50,000 bricks. A number of men have boen Bent by the Publio Works department to King's Island to conetruot a road across the place for the benefit of settlers there. The Premier is still endeavouring to bring about a marine eurvey of the West CoaBt, and a strong representation has been addressed to Admiral Pearson, who has reoently assumed command of the Australian ' squadron, with a viow to having the work proceeded with at as early a date as possible. The following memberB have been elected unopposed to a seat on the new Advisory Council of the Department of Agriculture : -Mr. A. Mornington, Wellington ; Mr. F. Maddox, Launceston ; Mr. F. W. Briggs, Dorset ; and Mr. M, Fletcher, Hobart. No nomination has been received for Cumberland, aB there is no branch Board in that distriot. More than one nomination has been sent in from other agricultural districts of the colony, and an election will be held to Beleot members to represent these branches on thoOounoil. Amongst appointments and official ohangos during the fortnight, Mr. G. Steward, who some months ago vacated the position of Under-Seoretary to undertake the duties of Town Clerk of Hobart, has resumed his former dutios as Under-Seorotary. Mr. F. Lovett satisfactorily filled the position during the time that Mr. Steward was engaged by the Municipal Council. Mr. J. W. C. Hamilton, a young Hobart solicitor, has entered upon bia duties aB Town Clerk of Hobart with the best wishes of many friends and the publio generally that ho will have a long and useful career in his responsible position. Mr. Fierce Butler has succeeded Mr. J. Heltner as Chief Inspector of Roads nnder the Publia WorkB Department, Mr. F. W. Trappes rising to Mr. Butler's place. A projeoted change in police arrangements by the removal of Superintendent Conlan from the West Coast met with some opposi- tion in that locality, until the Attorney General went down to Zeehan and privatoly explained matters, when those who were criticising his aotion fell in with it and gave it their support and sanction. Rev. Father Hennebry, of St. Joseph's Churoh, Hobart, has been cordially faro welled prior to starting on a trip to Europe, after 32 years' work in the Tasmanian diocese. Father Hennebry's first destination is, of course, Italy, and he ¡B to come back by way of America. A very liberal pre- sentation was made to help him pleasantly on his way. V.D.L. Bank affairs are being clewed up. The liquidation has, on the whole, been a very satisfactory one, and a striking contrast to some of the bank liquidations now being carried out in Victoria. Taking into con- sideration the preference claims, the estate has paid about 18s. 3d. in the £1, which is a very handsome proportion indeed. This fact leads naturally to the reflection that if the Government had had the courage to come forward boldly at the outset a very serious calamity to the colony might have been averted. The newly consecrated Anglican Bishop of New Guinea, Dr. Stone-Wigg, is visiting ibis colony, asking financial aid for the work of his d ooese. Rev. R. M. Fraser, miiilonary of the Presbyterian Church to the Now Hebrides, is aleo at presont in Tasmania, on furlongh, and is entering on a lecturing tour on behalf of the miasion. The Vinocntian Fathers' M »sion services, oonduotod by Fathers Boyle and McCarthy on tho West Coast townships, are boing oxcollontly attended. Madame Amy Shcrwin's concert tour throughout the island has been a continued succession of triumphs, and before leaving for Now Zealand she expressed, through The, Mercury, hor hoartfelt gratitude to the people of hor native land for having so Bplen didly rallied round her and demonstrated so handsomely their appreciation. A cabinet of hall-marked Bolid silver plate is about to bo presented to Mr. J. G. Davies, Al.II.A., ex-Mayor of Hobart, in apprecia- tion of his sorvices and tho hospitality dis- pensed in connection with the Jubiloo de- monstration a few months ago, Lieut. T. Hastings Parker, of the Southern Artillery, waB the racipient of several pre- sentations before leaving for aotive scrvico in India. Soveral changes have boen announced in thô Education Department school arrange- ments. In order to fill the vaoancy existing at tho Railton sahool, Mr. Ozanno, of George Town, is to bo transferred to that distriot, Mr. A. H. Edwards, of Tunnack, will be removed to George Town, and Mr. A. Anderson, who previously had chargo of tho Carnarvon Behool, where tho promises have recently been desttoyed by fire, will be transterred to Tunnack. Mr. J. McLcod, of Winkleigh, will bo transterred to Hart- ford, and Mr. and Mrs. Duncombe, of | Gurdners' Bay, will be placed in charge of the Winkleigh school. A teaohcr has not yet been choseu to fill tho vacancy at Gardners' Bay, bub one will bo appointed as Boon us possible. Teachers will also shortly bo placed in ohargo of the provisional school to bo opened at Ringville, and the assisted school at present vacant at South Arm. Drs. Maddox, Pike, and Pardy have been appointed lion, medical officers to the Launceston Hospital. The resignation of Surgeon-Superintendent Dr. Drako, who intonda to start praotico in Hobart, wasacoeptod with regrot, and the House Surgeon (Dr. Ramsay) was promoted to the position of Surgeon-Superintendent at a salary of £350 a year. It was agreed to advertise for another HOUBO Surgeon. During tho past season 250,000 salmon and trout fry have been distributed from the hatohery at Redlands, Plenty, and 90,000 ova have boon sold to the neighbour- ing colonies. At .the present ' timo the grounds contain five ponds and a hatchery. Tho ohicf kinds of fish in stock aro brown trout, Loch Levon, toutinalls, and salmon. The young salmon are kept in a pond apart from the old ones, and the other varletlos of fish are also cnalosed in separate ponds. A memorial stainod-glass window has been unvoiled in Christ Church, Cullenswood, where ho was first incumbent, to the memory of the late Dr. Parsons, of All Saints', Hobart. The manager of tho Mount Black Pro- prietary mino ' ii only awaiting arrival of pumping plant to prooood with vigorous development of mine. Tho sinking of winze on lodo has proved that the ore is better aB depth is attained. There were 6ft. to 8ft, payable stuff In bottom of winze, depth 24ft., when sinking was abandoned. The 40 tons of ore at grass from this winze is considered better grado than the bulk sample exported some time back. From December 16 to January 12, in- clusive, a total quantity of 7,617 tons of ore has been treated by tho Mount Lyell Co,, being 6,702 tons from open cuts, assaying thus :-Copper, 3-95 per oent.; silver, 3'08oz. por ton ; gold, -IGloz. per ton, and 825 tons from No. 4 tunnel, assaying thus:-Copper, S-42 per oent,; silver, 7'33oz. per ton ; gold, .037oz. per ton. The converters have pro- duced during same period 318 tons blister copper, containing:-Copper, 315 tons; Bilver, 24,255oz.; gold, l,374oz. The tran- sient decrease has been unavoidable owing to partial interruption to operations in con- sequence of groat bush fires together with exccBBive drought. A marvellously rich discovery is reported to have been mado in the vicinity of Red Hills. A lodo over 100ft. wide, assaying high in gold, Bilver, and copper. The quantities and values of minerals exported from the island of Tasmania for the month ended January 31, 189S, were as follow :-Gold, 5,643Joz., valuo £21,488 ; gold pyrites, 38í¡ tons, £341 ; copper, blister, 423 tons, £29,615 ; iron ore, 177 tons, £177 ; silver ore, 839 J tons, £9,167 ; tin, 185 tons, £11,084 ; tia ore, 41 touB, £110, Steam was got up in the Oonah concen- trating plant this week, and it is confidently anticipated that everything will run well. The opening has been definitely fixed for Monday next. It is reported that a valuante aisoovery 01 copper, gold, and silver haB beon made in the vicinity of the Dial Range, distance about 6i miles from Penguin. The lode is stated to be 40ft. in width,)Jand ocoura in schist country. Assay« from the Government Analyst give the following results:-Copper, 34 per cent,; silver, 2oz.; gold, traces. It is stated that as high as 6dwt. of gold per ton haB been obtained, A fire at Curtin-Davie mine during the week deatroyed all the buildings on the mine, with the exception of fivo top huts. The effects of the mine manager, Mr. Luke Williams, including his watoh, oaBhbox, etc, were consumed. Mr, Williams, with fivo men, had a hard battle with the flames. They started to carry their effects into the tunnel, but the fire cut off three of their number, who had to tako refuge in the 680ft. tunnel. Mr. Williams and the remaining two men still strove to beat out the flames around the hut as tho only hopo of safoty, but the fierce whirlwind carried the fire on to the build- ings. The men then bolted through the burning rubbish to the 560ft. tunnel, arriv- ing there uttorly oxhausted, but uninjured. The West Curtin and South-WeBt Curtin huta are Bafe. The new discovery on the Montana mine is not turning out much. About half a ton of galena has been extracted by sinking 7ft., and thiB haB exhauBted tho ore. A new copper find between Mount Read and the Murchison is oreating much interest at Zeehan. A lot of ground baa beon taken up north and south ot Moxon'a aeotion. On this section, and on Horton's, the lode is fully I), chain wide. Horton and others have taken up three more 80-acre sections south and on the line ; while others bave gone north. Two have been secured by Mr. W. Jamieson, of Broken Hill and Mount Lyell fame. The furthest north of these will probably unite with the Rosebery oountry. The Danish barque Esmeralda, from London, arrived at thiB port on the 23rd ult. after an uneventful voyago of 85 days. She leaves for Launceston next week to land the remainder of her oargo. The H. C. Richard, a Norwegian vessel of 766 tons, from Sundswall, reached this port on the 27th ult, 119 days out. She brought 1,000,000ft. of Baltic deals and T.& G. pine, half of which ia for Launceston. ' A young fellow named Carl Jorgensen was lost over- board in the North Sea during rough weather on the night of November 10. 