BEECHWORTH POLICE COURT. Tuesday July oth. (Before Mr. Rowan, P.M.) debt cases. Abosamra and Farhood v. — Mertal- meyer ; claim, £19 on a promissory note. ( Tcler for amount, with 5s. costs. John Hines v. Michael Londrigan ; cliiim £21 10s. for goods and chattels sold and delivered, and goods and chattels bargained and sold Mr. Gcoghegan appeared for complain ant, and Mr. Mackay for defendant. Mr. Geoghegan, who opened his case at length, produced an agreement dated 31st May, 1890, in which defendant agreed to pay complainant 10s. an . acre for the timber on 43 acres of land, known as " Carroll's " paddock, belonging to com plainant. Ho had received a letter from defendant's counsel that his client in tended to rely upon the grounds of the debt claimed being barred by the Statute of Limitations, either from the 10th of February, 1S92, when the defendant ceased to cart wood from the paddock, or from the 31st May, 1890, iln date of the agreement. He contended that the Statute of Limitations did not run from the date of the agreement, but from the date of the breach of that agreement, and quoted " Addison on Contracts " in sup port and also " Bullen and Leeks in actions on contracts " to show that the date of the creation of the cause of action was the date of the cause of action and the date at which the statute begins to run. Tt was an agreement to sell — not a contract to sell — and the goods were future goods at that date. The facts of the case were that Mr. Hines owned a paddock known as " Carroll's " paddock, which prior to the date of the agreement was densely covered with timber valuable for mining or fencing purposes, a great deal of which Londrigan had ringbarked shortly after the agreement was made, and with his sons took the best of the timber from time to time. In accordance with the terms of the agreement when the de fendant felled the timber it was delivered to him. They had no cause of action until defendant had taken the timber he needed." Defendant last cut, felled, or removed timber from the paddock in 1896, when he burnt a charcoal kiln to supply a contract at the Lunatic Asylum. Defendant had not paid a single shilling, althougn he had repeatedly promised to pay, and now, as soon as six years had passed, said with an oath that plaintiff could go and whistle for his money. Mr. Mackay said his. defence was " not indebted." John Hines deposed that he was plain tiff. Knew Michael Londrigan. Agree ment produced was made between them. Read it to him and saw him affix his name to it. Own the paddock, which was well timbered at the time of agreement with valuable timber. It is now nearly cleared of all good timber. Hone of the timber was ringbarked in May 1890. Defendant last used timber from the paddock in 1896 for various purposes. He was burn ing charcoal there for two or three weeks. He may have removed timber since with out witness's knowledge. Was near the paddock almost daily. Repeatedly saw defendant felling and removing timber. He repeatedly asked him for payment about 1896. He said he would pay when he had the money. No wood had been taken from the paddock since 1896 to his knowledge. He never disputed the debt. Did noF press him, as he asked for time. To Mr. Mackay ; It would cost asmucn to clear off the remaining timber as it is worth. Half the original supply is not there. They removed timber first in 1890\. Did not notice what quantities they took in first two years. Passed - the paddock two or three times a week be tween 1890 and 1892, and had seen them workin" there since. Am positive cney worked there since 1892. Closed one panel and they opened several others. I always left another rail open. Prior to burning of charcoal there, James Londri- „an never asked my permission to burn charcoal in my paddock to my recollection. Remember nothing of the sort. To Mr. Geoghegan ; If I closed up one rail in the chock and-log fence, it was not to stop them. I also left openings in the wire fence subsequently erected. To His Worship : I did not take action previously, as I did not desire to he hard upon him. Mr. Mackay, for the defence, argued that if any goods were bargained and sold it was at the time of agreement, even if delivery were not taken, and they could be taken away at any time. If goods were bargained and sold it was different to Knld and delivered. If any one agreed to a bargain and sale of goods he was liable to be sued for payment, even if de livery were not taken, as was shown m Roscoe v. Evans, because the purchaser could take delivery at any time Goods must be removed when purchased to come under the term sold and delivered. Plaintiff could have sued defendant im mediately after making the agreement, and if the timber had been destroyed by a bush-fire defendant would have had to pay for it, as goods once bought are left Tt the purchaser's risk. But when credit is «ivcn the purchaser is not compelled to uav until the stipulated time had expired. The last load of timber was taken out on February 10th, 1802. # His Worship: You admit taking fha wood, and now shelter yourselves behind Mr Mackay admitted that it was a technical defence, but contended that lie must do his utmost for his client and was entitled and ought to take every defence he could. His Worship : It is a very dishonest defence. There is not the slightest doubt that the money is owing. Mr. Mackay : Only part of it. Michael Londrigan deposed .that he signed agreement produced. Went into the paddock a few days after. Was off and on in it for 12 months. The best of the timber was cut down 18 years ago. Took the last load in 1892. To His Worship : Cannot say the date. Witness continuing : After 1892 stopped because I got contract for Lunatic Asylum. When they came back the panels wore shut up, and Mr. Hines said he would not be put upon by any one, and would not let anyone into his paddock. This was said to his son James. Never burned a shovel of charcoal in his life. Gave the charcoal contract to his son, who received permission to burn it in Hines' paddock. Reckoned there was a third of the wool there still. To His Worship : Hines never told me he would not allow ine in his paddock. To Mr. Geoghegan : I never told Mr. Fleming that I had the right to cut timber snere wuen l lined, in ever coin air. w. Price I would not pay. Told Hines I would pay when I got the money. I in tended to pay the £21 when it was due. Did not know when it was due. His Worship said the case appeared to hinge on when the Statute of Limitations commenced to run. Witness continuing said he had the wood contract of the asylum. It lasted 12 months. Got the wood from Stanley way. His son James took a contract from Pund. Paid him wages, and he took contracts for himself. Had a contract to supply charcoal to the asylum in 1896. James Londrigan deposed that he saw Hines in 1896 about charcoal. Asked him if he would let him burn a kiln of charcoal in one of his paddocks. He al lowed him to burn a kiln on condition that he cleaned up the rubbish. Sold the charcoal to his father, who, he supposed, sold it. The panels it appeared had been thrown down a bit after his father had. left the paddock. He carted wood from the paddock in February, 18J2. Remem bered his brother putting it clown. Hines always used to barrack them whenever they cut a stick in the paddock. To Mr. Geoghegan : Did not put down the date of the conversation. The char coal contract was in L895. Burnt charcoal in 1896 in the paddock with an Italian. My father had a contract at the time. Was paid for the charcoal in weekly wage3. To His Worship : Got wages for burn ing the charcoal. To Mr. Geoghegan : Paid the Italian by the week — forget how much. Forget what wages I receivod. William Londrigan deposed that he carted wood from Carroll's paddock last February, the 10th, 1892. Produced the entry which he made. To His Worship : Went away at that time. Made the entry because it is al ways best to know than not to know. Swear that I made tha entry at the time. To Mr. Geoghegan : My brother saw me write it down. The charcoal was burnt after that date. Was not aware of the agreement between father and liiues. Did not live with my father then. On LOtli February lived at home. Then went to cut wood at the Three Mile. Mr. Geoghegan contended that plaintiff was debarred from taking action until de fendant refused to pay him, as he could not demand any payment until Londrigan had taken what timber he wanted. James Londrigan's assertion that lie sold the charcoal to his father was absurd, as he admitted that the latter paid him wages for the work done. The wood for that purpose was cut in the paddock in 1896. The Statuteof Limitations only commenced te run when the agreement was broken. His Worship said ho regretted that he would have to strike out the case, as the Statute of Limitations removed it from his jurisdiction. Ho did nob hesitate to say the defence was a dishonest evasion of a just debt. He would nob allow any costs. The court was then adjourned. 